Cas notices eventually, sometime after Dean’s slight crush has turned into full-blown feelings. He starts taking that extra step forward, bringing his body flush against Dean’s and pressing against it, and there’s no doubt that he feels what he does to Dean. He never lets up, however – not until Dean promises to be more careful in the future, and Dean is usually fighting a blush and swallowing down a whimper by that point.
Of course. Dean should obviously have said no, and now it seems weird that he didn’t. “Yeah. Yeah, I’ll do that. I’ll –” Dean slides off his stool and waves a hand in the general direction where he last saw her. “I’ll just go now and –”
which was possibly the worst day they could have done this, at least when they were in a house with children.
Dean put on his pajama pants – he only ever wore them out of bed – and a T-shirt, and closed the bedroom door quietly behind him. He could see that the light was on in the kitchen, which meant that Sam or Eileen was awake, but the kids seemed to be still asleep somehow. He went to the bathroom and quickly relieved himself.
Dean’s cock has smeared a slick trail onto Cas’s belly, sliding against it every time Benny’s thrusts send him forward. “Oh shit. I’m gonna come,” he gasps, and the words immediately take Cas’s arousal up a notch, bringing him closer to his own orgasm. And if Benny’s grunt above them is any indication, it had the same effect on him.
“Can you come for me, Dean?” Cas asks, and Dean chases the feeling of pleasure, focuses on the feeling of Cas inside him; the sharp, hot sting of the needles as Cas twists them; the lingering pain where Cas bit him, but still he’s only
Some of the lights changed colour to a vibrant pink, and Dean couldn't help but let out an appreciative whistle.
This time, Sam couldn't contain his laughter, and if Dean hadn't been too busy trying to make his jaw work properly, he would have definitely sent his brother a murderous glare. He managed to collect himself enough, however, to answer the girl.
Dean hated that face Sam was making right now. The “patiently waiting for my brother to get his head out of his ass” face. Dean refused to rise to the bait, however, and finally Sam gave up on trying to get through to him without words. “Come on, Dean. Me, an alpha, helping Cas? I don’t know the first thing about going through heat. Besides, I think maybe he could use…” Sam looked down at his feet as he shifted his weight, arms crossed in front of him, “…one of your toys.”
Dean pulls away, an uncertain expression on his face. “Wait, you do know that… that we…” He shakes his head and tries again. “What do you know about our relationship, Cas?”
Cas snorted. "You're full of yourself, Dean." His face softened, even as he shook his head. "But you're not wrong."
thing, so Dean shuts up and follows. He asked for guidance, and chances are that’s exactly what he’s being offered.
It was only after a few minutes that he realised he was in the Dean Cave. He began pacing, hands running through hair softer than his own. The spell had to be broken as soon as possible, and he was no use to anyone in here, but then again, he wouldn’t be any use around Cas or in the library right now either. If he thought he’d been distracted before, that was nothing compared to now.
Dean takes a moment to breathe, and then nods. As usual, his body has already started reacting to the anticipation of a scene with Cas, and somehow the sight of the uncapped needle – the sharp steel of it, about to pierce his skin in just a moment – only heightens his arousal.
“Good boy,” Cas praises once the needle is capped with a cork, voice soft and affectionate as he finally touches Dean’s dick with a gloved hand, giving it a few pumps. Dean is almost painfully hard already, and the attention makes his breath quicken. “You did so well. How do you feel? Do you need anything?”
Dean doesn't know if other Doms are as sappy as Cas – if what they have is a typical D/s relationship – but he finds that he doesn't really care. What they have is perfect for them, and he loves his sappy angel Dom, even if he isn't sure he deserves him.
"Relax,” Cas says, rubbing a comforting thumb over the skin beneath it. “If you can manage to stay with me until I've placed the last needle, we might be able to work something out."
Dean’s rooted to the spot, flushing hot and cold. Mostly hot. “Right. Okay. You – you wanna watch me have sex with her.”
“Yeah. It’s good to see, y'know? Good things like that coming out of all this crap we’ve dealt with.”
The nurse looks at a screen next to Cas’s bed, and then at him. “I’m glad you’re with us. Your husband has been worried sick.”
And Dean wants to ask what he means, but he realizes when he sees the sadness that tinges the edges of Cas’s smile. “You… didn’t know I died? Didn’t you hear my prayers?”
“Listen, Cas –” Dean says in a pained voice, but he’s interrupted by Sam, who’s finished talking on the phone.
Cas's eyes went wide, and then he was looking – briefly – at the parts of the house that were visible from where they were standing, before his eyes met Dean's again. Maybe he hadn't realised that Dean had been serious about wanting to retire, or maybe he wasn't expecting this so soon, because he seemed unable to form a response, just staring until Dean started to get nervous for real.
They all ended up going together in Sam's seven-seater, picking up the kids on the way and then driving to where the house was, pulling up in the driveway. The "for sale" signs were gone; they'd removed them after they'd sent the poltergeist to the other side.
It can’t be. Castiel knows how he feels, knows there’s an unbreakable bond between them. If they’re not married, then there still has to be
“Look at me.” Cas tips Dean’s chin up with a finger. Dean doesn’t want to do it, but even so he finds some kind of pleasure in doing as Cas says, reluctantly meeting his eyes. “What do you want, Dean?”
Something inside Dean reacted with a fierce want, an urge to walk right over to Cas and do as Cas asked, but he shouldn’t. It wasn’t Cas, asking him this; he was letting his heat speak for him. Dean should just throw the toy to him and let him figure it out for himself. He’d manage it, just like Dean had when his dad had thrown one into his room when he’d had his first heat at fourteen.
"You worry about us?" This was news to Dean. Sam and Eileen had always respected Cas and Dean's decision to keep hunting; they'd told them to be careful, but they'd never said they worried about them. Probably so Dean and Cas wouldn't feel bad about continuing hunting while Sam and Eileen settled down.
“Sam,” Cas’s husband says to a tall man waiting outside, and Cas makes a note of the man’s name. “We’re going home.”
Cas’s gaze softened as he regarded Dean more closely, and it made Dean feel naked – like Cas could look straight into his soul and see all his secrets.
. What she says instead is, "Being told what to do. Being praised," which isn’t much better, but he can’t dispute it.
Cas tried to quiet his beating heart; there was something he needed to know before he could answer. “Are you okay with… you know?” He waved his ace flag a little to emphasise what he meant. He couldn’t risk going on a date with Dean only to end up disappointed.
Cas looked genuinely curious, and Dean would have smiled to himself if they’d been talking about something else. Only Cas could be so clueless.
Relief washes over Cas; there couldn’t be an easier way to restore his memories than this. Just one quick kiss, and he’ll be able to remember it all again. Remember
Dean lifted his head and blinked his eyes open, sleepily, and saw Cas beneath him. It took him a moment to remember what had happened, and then yet another moment to register that… this was
Benny adds another finger, which draws a whine out of Dean and seems to remind him what he was doing. And this time, his moans are even louder around Cas’s cock as he fucks himself back on Benny’s fingers, which soon become three. Cas feels his arousal build as he watches those three finger go in and out of Dean, and he has to use his grace to keep himself from coming in Dean’s mouth.
"Good." He turned off his reading light, obscuring his face almost completely in darkness so he wasn't giving anything away with some stupid, lovestruck expression. "That's, uh. That's good." He lay down for sleep. "Night, Cas."
They worked well together; they'd had years of practice in the Bunker. As always, out of the two of them, it was Dean who was in charge of dinner. Dessert, however, was something Cas had – somewhat surprisingly – turned out to excel at in the kitchen. He had mastered the art of pie especially, to Dean's great joy, which was why he was in charge of the apple pie today.
“Me? I, um.” Dean decides to play it safe and plasters on a lecherous grin. “Well, it was sex, so it was awesome, obviously.”
Dean laughed, delighted as always at the way Cas engaged in banter with him, and he wondered if Cas could tell just how smitten he was. "No way, dude. You're a dirty cheater."
"Kids, I think that's enough," Sam interrupted, clearly worried that the kids were taking this too far (even though he was grinning), but Cas was already leaning in. He, too, was aiming for the cheek, however.
“Yes,” Cas agrees, “you are.” Dean hides his face against Cas’s stomach, disguises it by mouthing at the skin there, and Cas lets him, threading fingers through Dean’s hair.
“Patience,” he said, despite having very little of it himself. He pulled his boxers off and straddled Cas’s ass, positioning himself against the slick opening. The dick in his hand – Cas’s – was thicker than his own, especially at the base, where Dean knew the knot would swell further once it was inside Cas.
Cas remembers the comfort of Dean’s hand against his cheek at the hospital. He can’t wait to have more of that; to embrace his husband the way he’s been longing to do, despite not really remembering him. “I will if you come to bed with me.”
When Cas’s suit jacket is gone, Dean begins loosening the knot of his tie. It may be weird that he likes to fix Cas’s clothing in whatever way is suitable for any given occasion, but Cas has never questioned it before, nor does he do so now – so when Cas’s tie is draped over the back of the recliner, Dean continues with his shirt buttons. “This isn’t just… you
Cas let him continue for a while as they kissed, but then he moved Dean's hand out of the way and took them both in hand. Dean gasped at the feeling of both of them sliding in and out of Cas's fist together, his fingers tight around them. There were other things he wanted to try with Cas, eventually, but right now he didn't need more than this. There'd be more than enough time for more in the future – maybe even before Sam and Eileen came back tonight, if Cas was interested.
Cas was back on him almost immediately, and Dean tried to stifle his moan at finally feeling Cas's hardness without anything separating them. The drag of their cocks against each other's bodies was partly slicked by sweat and the fluids they were leaking, and Cas took up it up a notch, pressing himself more firmly against Dean's abdomen and dragging his cock up slowly, drawing pleasure out of them both.
Dean’s perfectly vanilla. He’s a man of simple tastes when it comes to his bedroom activities; he’s never felt the need to see the women he’s in bed with tied up, doesn’t need to spank them or order them around or pull their hair. Some of them expect him to; he knows his bad boy image sometimes attracts a certain type of women who want that kind of thing, but he makes up for it by applying himself to the art of pleasing a woman and being the very best lover he can be. He’ll ask them for instructions on how best to please them with his fingers or his mouth; he’ll let them sit on his face and grind against him, pushing his head heavily into the pillow for as long as they need to reach an orgasm (or more) as he applies his tongue diligently despite an aching jaw.
"Yes," Cas said. "I hope you're not inclined to continue our activities right now, because I'm not sure I can after that."
"Good morning, Dean." Eileen signed along with her spoken words. In the beginning, she hadn't signed when she spoke to Dean alone, but he'd asked her to so he could learn.
“Oh,” he said when he got a closer look. “Oh, Dean, they’re beautiful.” He picked up the ace flag without sliding the ring off. “Is this mine?”
Cas touched him back, gentle hands on Dean's hips as Cas pulled him close and hooked his chin over Dean's shoulder. "We could. Or maybe you would prefer a rematch of the snowball fight? Just the two of us?"
Sometimes Dean forgot how old Cas was. He couldn't wrap his head around it, Cas being around when Earth was created. Cas, his best friend who didn't quite understand social cues. Cas, who loved Netflix and small animals and cheeseburgers. Cas, whom Dean would do anything in the world for – and who had done anything and everything he could for Dean. He was older than the Earth itself, and had been more powerful than anything Dean could ever imagine. Even with reduced powers, he was… so much more than any human. So much more than Dean. It made him feel small.
Cas has asked him that before, multiple times. Dean’s answer is always the same as it is now: “I don’t know.” He’s never managed it – he’s not exactly a teenager anymore – but he always tries as hard as he can, and he’s gotten pretty close a few times, with the cane. He enjoys trying, for Cas, and he knows that’s all Cas expects of him – that he’s never disappointed in Dean for not being able to.
"I would get Sam to do it" she explained, "but he always forgets how tall he is and hits his head on the rafters."
“One of the, uh. The waitresses asked if I wanted to come home with her after her shift. Hah.” If only Dean’s laugh would come out natural, he’d do a much better job of conveying that there was no Reaction to the waitress’s words. “And she, uh. She said you could come along and, uh. Hrm.” The last word sticks to Dean’s tongue, and he has to force it out. “Watch.” Dean begins to fiddle with the suddenly very interesting label of his beer bottle. The silence stretches out, and if Cas is waiting for Dean to meet his eyes, he’s going to have to wait a long time.
“Love being marked by you,” Dean gasps. “No matter how.” The words have an effect on Cas, making his breath stutter, and then he speeds up, hands on Dean’s hips, pulling in sync with his own thrusts.
Dean had suggested that Sam and Eileen go out on a date night while he and Cas watched the kids, and Cas had agreed readily, more than happy to look after the children and allow Eileen and Sam some time to themselves.
Sam and Eileen were tactful enough not to ask what they'd done last night, but Dean still stuttered out a thank you for having given them a night to themselves. His blush probably told them everything they needed to know, and even if it didn't, Cas's hand casually patting his ass as he walked past Dean to get coffee certainly did. Sam laughed, apparently delighted at this new development in Dean's sex life – or more likely, Dean supposed, his love life, and despite his embarrassment, it warmed him to know that he and Cas had nothing but full support from Sam. And his entire family, as they had proved to him multiple times by now.
Dean didn’t know what to say to that. What kind of response Cas wanted, if any. He cleared his throat and looked at their guests again, and a small group of people caught his eye. “Hey, speaking of multiple parents.” He nudged Cas with his elbow and nodded toward where Claire was sitting with Jody, Amelia and Jimmy – as well as Alex and Kaia. It was strange, seeing Cas and Jimmy in the same room, but not as strange as Dean would have thought; despite the physical similarity, there was no way Dean could ever mistake the two for each other. “They all seem to be getting along well.”
And maybe Cas could see in Dean's eyes the emotion he was filled with, because he leaned in and placed a soft kiss on Dean's cheek that Dean turned into, meeting Cas's lips briefly with his own despite their audience and the inevitable cheers from the children (as well as the questions about whether they were boyfriends now that Dean deflected but had a feeling Cas had been about to say yes to).
As if Benny can sense what Cas is thinking, however, he continues, “And I think Dean would be mighty pleased if you joined in, Angel. Three ain’t a crowd.”
"Dean…" Cas said when Dean didn't lead him further into the house or tell him where to go. "Why are we here? What is it you want to show me?"
It's a shock to Dean's system, hearing the words, and like Sam correctly predicted, his first instinct is to deny it. Sam asked him to give it some thought, however, so he will, and he numbly gets up from his chair and claps Sam on the shoulder. "I'll tell you when I know."
Cas's calm demeanor helped Dean relax about it. "Oh, fine," he said, giving them a put-upon look that had them cheering, but he quickly made sure to make it obvious he was aiming for Cas's cheek, not brave enough to try the alternative in case it wouldn't be welcomed.
The woman – Donna – is experienced and ferocious, like Dean had expected, but what’s more is… Cas is equally intense in bed, lifting her with ease and fucking her against a wall or eating her out hungrily, and it has Dean wondering just what Cas and April got up to during their marriage while he was ‘Emmanuel’. It makes him feel just a tiny bit unwell for some reason – and a lot turned on.
Cas hummed in thought. “Kelly and I are family, in a way. We are both Jack’s parents – just like you and Sam.” Cas gave Dean a soft, encouraging smile, as if he knew this was something that was bothering Dean. Maybe he did. “Jack has expressed excitement over having four parents now.”
Someone cleared their throat, and then Sam appeared in the hallway closely followed by Eileen, both of them looking delighted to see Dean and Cas again.
"Shit, Cas. You close?" Dean tried to hold on. He wanted to share the moment with Cas, but it was hard not to let go.
“I fucked the apple pie, Sammy.” Dean grinned and pointed to his new bite that he had put there himself. He’d have to get Cas to make one sometime.
Cas’s cock jumps at the prospect of having Dean ride him. He wants that too, and he appreciates Benny’s consideration, but there’s no reason they can’t share. “He can take both of us.”
“It’s your rut.” Cas rubbed his face against Dean’s neck, against the scent glands there, and some primal part of Dean ignited, deep in his core. “My heat set it off. It always…” Cas trailed off, mouthing at the skin underneath Dean’s jaw before he remembered to continue. “Always does.”
“Yeah.” Dean looked over to where Jack was sitting with his mother, still looking awestruck at having her there. Dean knew he had no claim on any kinship to the kid, especially after what had gone down when he’d lost his soul, but his heart still sank as he watched them. “Guess we’re not dads anymore now that she’s back, huh?” And then his heart plunged further as he realised something. “I mean, unless you…” Dean didn’t want to say it, didn’t want to entertain the possibility, but Cas and Kelly had had some kind of connection. Hell, she had told Jack that Cas was his father. “Unless you and Kelly…” He looked down, wishing he still had a glass in his hand that he could pretend to be studying instead of his feet.
Dean appreciated Eileen's attempt to help, however, but it really only made the situation worse when Bobby's next question was: "Uncle Cas, are you in love with Dean?"
Eileen turns around just as Sam says, “Dude, is he… flirting with Cas?” Which is exactly what Dean is hoping to find the answer to. Although the hand that has now made its way onto Cas’s thigh really answers that question for him, he supposes, and… Cas isn’t rebuffing his advances. In fact, Cas is smiling and maybe even leaning a bit toward the guy, and since when is Cas into men??
“Of course. Whatever you want,” Dean promised like the sap Cas had turned him into, too taken with the way the fire made Cas’s eyes glitter to do anything but agree. “Your family would be welcome too if they wanted to come next year. And, y'know, every year after that.”
The grown-ups waited to open their gifts until after the kids had opened all of theirs and were playing with them on the floor. Dean and Sam no longer followed their tradition of crappy gas station presents, now that Sam was married to Eileen and Dean was… well. Things had only started happening between him and Cas the last few days, but they'd been giving presents and receiving presents together for years now. Dean wondered just when they'd started acting like they were married, and smiled at the thought that maybe they'd kinda-sorta been a couple for ages already, and they just didn't know.
It turned out he needn't have worried, because Cas grinned when he saw the gift, eyes crinkled and gums showing, and Dean was struck by how lucky he was that this amazing creature – this angel – wanted to be with
“I love you,” Dean exhales. It slips out of him, sometimes, during a scene or during sex, when he’s not paying attention to what he’s saying. That was how he first told Cas he loved him, before he'd blurted out his safeword in panic – and then Cas had stopped what he'd been doing, embraced Dean and told him emphatically that he loved him back.
He has just laid eyes on a blue-eyed beauty when he feels a hand on his shoulder, and he turns around to find Cas there. “Well?” he asks, curious to find out if Cas has struck out or if the angel is getting lucky tonight.
"You shouldn't whistle at the aurora," Cas smiled, his voice intimate and close. "According to the folklore of certain North American indigenous peoples and the Sami people of Scandinavia, it will come and take you away if you whistle in its presence."
Dean bites his lip to keep a whimper from making its way out. He may be doing what Cas asks in order to please him, but that doesn’t make it less embarrassing that he gets off on this.
Finally, Dean shrugs, a defeated look in his eyes as they meet Cas’s. “What do you want me to say, Cas?”
"I love you," Cas moaned when Dean put a hand of his own around Cas's. "You knew that already, but I do."
He got up before Cas could respond – he really did need the bathroom – but Cas could answer him afterwards anyway.
Sam wasn't ready to let go of the subject, however. "So… you guys are talking about moving somewhere? Together?"
Both of them were breathing heavily, but it was exhilarating and – despite the cold – fun to play around in the snow like this, and Dean didn't want to go inside quite yet even though the melted snow was soaking into his clothes, making him wet and cold. He could only imagine what it was like for Cas, but when he pulled at Cas's shoulder, Cas went willingly and met his lips in a kiss.
“Mmm, yeah. Fuck me,” Matthew moans, and Dean’s cock jumps at the mental image – soon to become a visual image – of Cas doing just that. After digging out lube and condoms from a drawer, Matthew gets on all fours right next to Dean, and Dean can hear the slick sounds of the lube as Cas begins to prepare him. It’s all terrifyingly arousing, probably all the more so because Dean hasn’t even so much as rubbed himself through his boxers yet and his cock is begging for touch.
The door was unlocked from inside and unceremoniously flung open, and Dean suddenly found himself with the arms of an eager 6-year-old wrapped around his waist, Cas in much the same situation beside him. "Hey, kiddos!" Dean grinned and bent down to hug each of the twins in turn as Cas did the same, and then he dropped his duffel bag onto the porch and lifted the little brunette in his arms up in the air. She squealed with delight – a sound Dean knew he'd never tire of.
The fact that Cas was inside Dean’s own body, that the voice was Dean’s own, didn’t seem to matter one bit to Dean’s (well, Cas’s) dick. “Yeah.” His voice came out hoarse, and he cleared his throat. “This, right?” He held out the dildo he’d brought.
Cas’s eyes widen, but he doesn’t speak. He’s waiting, maybe, to see what Dean means by that. And Dean’s never been good at this, but now, here… he finds that the words come easy once he starts saying them.
"We do?" Cas asked, wonder in his eyes as he started looking around as if just now remembering that he and Dean had a brand new house that he hadn't even had a proper look at yet, and Dean took his hand again.
Dean followed, and tried not to grin when Sam asked them if they'd seen the northern lights and Cas pretended he hadn't had anything to do with them. Apparently, they were going to keep it between the two of them that Cas had created them just for Dean.
There was little time to reflect on how this was his first time doing this before Cas reached back and pulled his hips down. Dean was only too happy to oblige, finally sinking into the feverishly warm body beneath him.
Despite how casually the words were said, the implied promise in them made Dean's breath catch. "Yeah," he said, emotion bleeding through in the word. "Every goddamn day, Cas." Then he was pulled into a long, slow kiss that that lasted several minutes. Eventually, however, he pulled away reluctantly.
Dean would have sputtered at the word "bad" if it wasn't for the fact that Cas continued: "Besides, you only watch it because you have a crush on Dr. Sexy."
“I’ll never understand your obsession with having my seed inside of you,” Cas says, although his breathlessness lessens the effect of his words, not to mention the fact that Dean knows Cas loves filling Dean up just as much as Dean loves it. The times he’s plugged Dean up after coming inside him and made him wear the plug out in public speak for themselves.
They were on their way down the stairs to the ground floor when they realised what the problem with the house was, as Dean suddenly tumbled forward, pushed by a screeching poltergeist.
Not even that brings results, however, and he keeps walking – until he arrives at a place that feels familiar. It’s just a stream, sure, but it
Having his kinks laid out like that in front of Cas is embarrassing, so Dean focuses on finishing his task instead of answering. He certainly doesn’t look at Cas to find out what he may be thinking right now.
That night, in bed, Dean gave Cas a good night kiss. There was a short, scary moment when he felt like maybe this still wasn't something he was allowed to do, like he'd imagined everything that had happened between them up until now, but then Cas melted against him and his worries vanished. He didn't notice falling asleep, but he slept soundly all through the night.
"I liked it too," Dean is quick to reassure Cas, although he probably doesn't have to. "But... yeah. Can we maybe take them out now?"
Dean scratches the back of his neck. “This is going to sound crazy. But, uh. Basically, magic is real. Your memory loss was caused by a spell, and Sam’s talking to a friend of ours who might be able to help us reverse it.” Cas must take too long to answer, because Dean finally says, “Told you it would sound crazy.”
"Okay, hear me out. Don't shoot me down right away; give this some thought before you answer. Do you think maybe… all these encounters were just an excuse to be intimate with Cas somehow? Like… maybe you’re in love with him?"
The second shock hit him as soon as he came close enough to get a whiff of Cas’s scent, which was like a punch to the gut and had him physically curling in on himself. He had over a decade of experience trying to hide his reaction to Cas’s scent, but it smelled different now. Different, and just as intoxicating, but also about ten times stronger – likely due to the heat Cas was experiencing. Dean felt a stab of embarrassment; he’d never known how strongly heat pheromones smelled to Alphas. He’d always thought he usually managed to contain most of the smell to his room, but he knew now that the entire bunker must be steeped in his scent for a few days every month. Which made it all the more discouraging that Cas had never shown any indication that Dean’s scent affected him in any way.
true, Cas would have stopped doing once they went on this road trip that was meant to put the spark back in their relationship.
He wondered if Cas noticed that his hand was clammy as he pulled him with him up to the house; despite everything, he was still nervous about this. Not because he wasn't sure about Cas's feelings about him, but because… well, stuff like this was always kinda nerve-racking, wasn't it? Like asking someone to marry you. This wasn't that far off, he supposed. After all, he was asking Cas to settle down with him forever.
They'd rolled closer to each other sometime during the night, and one of Dean's hands was resting on Cas's side, just above his hip. Cas was turned toward him, and he could feel soft puffs of breath on his skin. He'd seen Cas sleep before, but seeing him up close like this was different. He looked so human. But more importantly, he looked… peaceful.
"Does Uncle Cas like boys?" Charlie seemed blithely unaware that she was interrupting a silent chick-flick moment.
Dean blinked slowly, trying to keep his face from showing his reaction to that. "Uh. You know that that's a chick flick, right? Y'know, a romantic comedy?"
Everyone had been fed and their glasses filled – more than once, which contributed to the high spirits – and now everyone was catching up with people they hadn’t seen in a long time or getting to know people they’d never met. Dean had gone the rounds, talking to everyone and hugging his loved ones. Jo, Ellen and Charlie had gotten the longest hugs of them all; he’d tried the same with Bobby, but had hugged the wrong one and been called an idjit for it.
“You mean, was that a true love’s kiss?” Cas doesn’t want to keep Dean waiting for the answer longer than necessary, but he can’t help but take a moment to memorise the way Dean looks right now. His heart swells at the naked emotion on Dean’s face, a testament to just how much the answer matters to him. How much Cas means to him.
He didn't mean to turn their next kiss more heated, but he did it anyway – or maybe it was Cas who did. Their tongues met and before long, heat started gathering in Dean's gut, and what had started as a soft, mellow make-out session soon became something more, both of them growing needy. Dean had felt this way about Cas for too long; he didn't want to hold back anymore. A desperate moan tumbled out from his lips, and Cas's hips dipped down – involuntarily, perhaps, like Dean's own hips pushing up against him in response.
“Okay.” Cas nods, watching Dean go. Somehow, he feels lost the moment Dean is out of the room and he’s left all alone. He should have realised sooner what a disappointment this would be to Dean: that Cas doesn’t remember him, doesn’t remember the life they’ve had together. Doesn’t remember the first time they held hands, their first kiss, the first time they gave their bodies to each other. Their wedding.
“Don’t be.” Cas took his hand and laced their fingers together. “I’ve wanted to be intimate with you for a long time. I don’t care what form it takes. Although… I must admit I’m looking forward to trying it again, the other way around.” His smile was mostly playful, but just hungry enough that Dean could feel himself start leaking again; they hadn’t quite managed to get the heat out of his body’s system just yet.
"That's it," Dean grumbled, wiping his face and taking cover again as Bobby did the same. They went for it with renewed effort, sticking their heads up just long enough to get an accurate aim, and then ducking down again immediately.
"That's… that's what you are, Cas. You're… I keep thinking of you as if you were human, but you're… I mean, we should be like frickin' ants to you."
Both teams had gotten a few more facefuls of snow when Sam came out the back door to announce that there were would be sandwiches and hot chocolate inside in ten minutes. Dean let the snowball in his hand fly toward his little brother just as he saw Cas throw one as well. Sam yelped and twisted into a defensive stance, but he was still hit in the head and stomach simultaneously. He laughed and remained there a few moments longer for the sake of the children, letting them get in a few shots as well, but as soon as Dean left his fort and headed his way, he quickly brushed off as much snow as he could and slammed the door in Dean's face.
But then... it travels across to the other side of Dean’s neck. The motion brings Matthew’s face closer to Dean, and
Dean couldn't help but flush. It wasn't like it was a love declaration, but the softness of Cas's voice conveyed the affection behind the sentiment, and while Dean
"You do too much for me," Dean says, turning around so he can meet Cas's eyes as well as give Cas access to the needles.
, however. He debates asking Cas exactly why he wants Dean to watch, but quickly decides against it. Down that road lies… well, Dean isn’t sure what, exactly, and he isn’t about to find out.
Cas allowed him to do it, rolling on top of Dean. He hesitated a bit before lowering his body, and Dean realised why when he felt it. Cas hadn't been kidding about the boner, and it punched a breath out of Dean, feeling it through two layers of fabric, nestled on the inside of his hip.
“For you, Dean?” Cas pulls away only to reach for Dean’s hands and tug him further inside – maybe to the double bed in the corner, or maybe just into the comfort of his new home. “Always.”
offer, despite the angry poltergeist in his house, and even after some haggling it took an offer of two thirds of Dean's money – which of course wasn't really his in the first place – to get the guy to agree to sell him the house. Dean hoped Cas had been serious about wanting to move to Vermont with him. This was a better deal than they'd get on a house ever again – maybe the only deal they'd ever be able to afford – and Dean really wanted that future with Cas; to live here in peace without having to worry about hunting.
Dean didn't know if the affection he saw in Cas's eyes – the one that was always there in their quiet moments together, like this – was the same affection that must be present in Dean's own gaze. But it was enough to keep him spellbound for a while, lulled by the quiet comfort of it in the near-darkness.
"So," Dean said, careful not to move his hand off Cas's, but also trying not to be too obvious about leaving it there. "What do you want to watch, if not Dr. Sexy? You damn blasphemer," he huffed, trying to lighten up their conversation again.
Cas catches his eye and sees his apprehension. "Thicker needles are better for areas with thicker skin," he explains in the calm voice he uses whenever he wants to reassure Dean. "That way, the needle won't bend when I apply pressure."
The sound of keys in the front door pulled Dean from his thoughts, and he realised he'd never taken his eyes away from Cas, who still wore the same smile.
Cas’s teasing mood disappears and leaves behind a softness in his eyes. He reaches out to cradle Dean’s jaw, all tenderness and awe in the movement, and Dean finds himself leaning in – they both are – until they meet in the middle in a kiss. They may not be alive, but with Cas’s lips on his? Dean can’t really tell the difference anyway.
The thrumming in his chest continues as he raises his hand to knock on the door, but he’s not nervous. This place feels right, more than anything else has in this plane of existence.
Cas nodded. “I am panromantic as well as asexual. I can fall in love with someone, regardless of their gender, but…” His stomach flipped at the thought of who that “someone” was, and he drew a breath and held it for a moment. “You’re right, I’m not interested in sex.” He turned away from Dean and pretended to look at the guy in front of them wearing stilts and long, rainbow-coloured pants. He felt no need whatsoever to watch Dean decide he couldn’t ask Cas out after all.
"Yeah. Really." Dean felt giddy at the fact that they hadn't even kissed on the lips until yesterday, and now they were joking about sex. "You perv."
Dean shakes his head. His mind is filled with images of ways he might please Cas, things he’s imagined countless times before, but he doesn’t know if Cas wants any of that, so he can’t say it. “Nothing.” He knows from the look Cas gives him, however, that he can tell it’s a lie, and he feels compelled to give Cas at least part of the truth. “Nothing I can ask for.”
When he turned around, he found Dean standing right behind him, looking as nervous as he had when he’d first asked Cas out.
Bobby's efforts didn't do much to deter the other team, and they'd gotten in a few more hits by the time Dean reached them. Charlie squealed as Dean grabbed a handful of snow and shoved it in Cas's face. He was about to do it again when Cas caught his wrist with one hand and used his other to gleefully shove snow down the back of Dean's neck.
He had to remove his hand from Cas's in order to find the movie and start streaming it, but Cas's hand remained where it was, and he casually half-covered it again with his own when he put it back down on his thigh, as if he just happened to place it on top of Cas's without meaning to. He was too aware of their hands to relax at first while they watched – of the feeling of Cas's hand beneath his own – but then he got too caught up in the movie to care that it was unusual for them to touch like this; to worry about it when, for each time they stretched to eat popcorn or peanuts or chocolate, they ended up a tiny bit closer to each other.
His heart jumped when Cas leaned in to kiss him, answering his question without words. “Mm. Gotcha,” Dean mumbled between kisses that started off sweet and turned gradually more heated as Dean started leaking more slick and they became more aware of their scents mingling again.
"Yes. You're lucky I like you. I would never let the aurora take you away." Cas's smile was a soft, affectionate thing, only for Dean, and Dean's breath caught in his throat.
“Come in.” Cas sounded like shit, and although Dean knew this wasn’t anything life-threatening, his ever-present concern for Cas had him opening the door and stepping inside right away.
Dean laughed despite himself; his emotions seemed to be doing some kind of weird ping-pong back and forth, and he was suddenly overwhelmed with happiness that they'd finally gotten here. That Cas wanted this to happen again. That he'd probably get to spend every night from now on – and some days – like this, in Cas's embrace. "Yeah. I think we can manage that."
Dean shook his head. He didn’t want to know how Sam knew about his toys, but it was evident that there was no use denying he had them. “It’s not sanitary,” he mumbled, before realising how stupid that was – Cas was literally in Dean’s body. It wouldn’t be any different from him using the toys. “Fine, I’ll go,” he huffed, stalking off without letting Sam get another word in.
Dean felt kind of breathless. It didn't necessarily mean anything, not anything romantic anyway, but he was still unable to control the wild hope that had his heart thumping faster in his chest.
“Hello, Dean.” The familiar words make Dean want to laugh and cry and wrap his arms around him. He does none of those things, however, because Cas continues, “So soon?”
Dean tried to think of any other explanation. Anything else at all Cas could be doing except the one thing Dean could think of. The one thing he desperately didn’t want to be true. The one thing he had hoped, if it
Dean followed his gaze to find Charlie, Mary, Sam, Jody and Claire watching them with interest – and those were only the ones he could see at first glance. “Oh, god.” He hid his rapidly reddening face behind his free hand, but he couldn’t help but join Cas in laughing. “Yeah, we’re not doing this here.”
Cas shakes his head. He wishes he could offer Dean something; some memory of their life before. “I heard you say each other’s names. I didn’t even remember my own until the nurse said it – Castiel Winchester.”
Cas pulled away, eyes big and worried until he caught sight of Dean’s smirk. “You’re mean,“ he grumbled.
And then there are no more words, only Cas’s lips against Dean’s neck, hips thrusting fast until they finally stutter and Cas breathes out shakily, emptying himself inside of Dean with a final few shallow thrusts.
Then Cas's lips were on Dean's, and Dean forgot all about dinner. He felt breathless and dazed, but once the kiss ended, his lips pulled into a smile that didn't disappear even when he heard the kids and their parents come into the dining room, or throughout dinner. Cas looked just as happy, their smiles widening another fraction whenever they looked at each other. Sam and Eileen kept sending them knowing looks, but Dean didn't even care that they knew how gone he was on Cas. All that mattered was that Cas felt the same way.
Getting a hand – that just so happened to be filled with snow – underneath Cas's jacket and inner layers was easy; he probably thought Dean just wanted to touch him. He yelped the moment he felt the cold snow against his skin, a sign that he had spent more grace on creating the aurora for Dean than he'd been willing to admit, which served to both level the playing field and piss Dean off. The element of surprise allowed Dean to roll Cas onto his back and stuff more snow underneath his clothes, and maybe Cas allowed Dean to stay in control a while longer than he would have been able to on his own before he flipped them over again.
Dean didn't know how he would have replied if they hadn't been interrupted right then by the sound of Eileen and Sam pulling into the driveway, and he couldn't tell if he was relieved or disappointed that he didn't get to find out how the rest of their interaction would have played out. It
," Dean stutters, because semantics matter – at least when it comes to this. "Watch… the sex. Her and me, together. Whatever.”
"Depends on what he said," Dean shrugs, aiming for nonchalant and instead hitting nervous as hell with his blushing and hand wringing. "But, um. Yeah, probably. I, uh." He looks down at the floor and rubs his neck and lets his mouth run away with him. "I mean, it's fine if you don't feel the same way. And I'm sorry if it makes you feel weird about the stuff we've been doing, but I swear, I didn't realise until today. Shit, I didn't even realise I was into
Dean doesn't bother arguing or telling Cas to wipe the smirk off his face; instead, he just relaxes and lets Cas take care of him. So they can get to the cuddling.
Cas’s arrival brings Dean to a stop, and he meets Cas’s eyes with a worried look. “We’re trying to fix it,” he says. “We’re trying to fix you.”
Dean's eyes flickered away. Looking at the kids was easier – they didn't understand that what Dean was about to say was kind of a big deal for him. Even though, now that he was finally about to say it, it actually seemed easier than he'd ever thought it would be. "No," he said, finally, releasing all the air in his lungs as he beckoned both children over to him so he could hug them and tousle their hair, needing that bit of physical comfort. "No, not only."
Cas shook his head. "No. Some of the angels who created colours wanted to create something more for the humans. So we put our colours together and made rainbows, just like Anna made the aurora."
Cas shrugs. He should have realised he ought to have said something. “I suppose it didn’t occur to me how important the past is to you. To me, there is no past. This is all there is – right here and now. I was just happy to be with you in the present.” It’s not a good excuse, but it’s the only one Cas has. “I’m sorry,” he repeats, feeling small.
Cas’s words cause Dean to suck in a slow breath and meet his eyes again, more serious now that he’s realised Cas wasn’t exactly joking. Slowly, his eyes become alight with a quiet kind of wonder. “I didn’t say that.”
“That’s right, Dean. You’re so good for us,” Benny praises, and Dean pulls off Cas, blushing. He’s not comfortable with receiving praise, Cas knows, but he also knows Dean hasn’t received enough of it in his life. And for once, Dean doesn’t argue against it; his eyes just flutter closed as if there’s some part of him that enjoys it, that craves it.
he was into dudes now. And he knew Cas did, too, and the subject of their potential feelings for each other had been brought up by the kids. It would become the elephant in the room – at least for Dean (he didn't know how Cas felt about it) – if they didn't address what had happened somehow.
Judging by Sam’s horrified expression, maybe he preferred pie euphemisms over seeing a half-naked ex-angel with a boner dragging Dean away to his bedroom, but Dean couldn’t bring himself to care. He had a mate with a boner and a desk in his room that Dean had been promised he’d be bent over by the end of the day.
"What am I look— Oh." Dean went silent as a tendril of white, pale light started winding its way across the sky. It moved faster than Dean would have thought; he'd seen videos of it, but he'd always assumed they'd been sped up. Soon, the tendril became wider and brighter, and it changed its colour to green as it pulsed and swirled and grew, and several other broad strands appeared next to it, flickering and pulsating in sudden bursts.
“Never.” Cas walked over to his boyfriend, placing his hands above Dean’s hips and caressing the extra padding that had appeared there over the years. “You’re as beautiful as you were ten years ago.”
he did, yet there’s nothing about what’s happening in front of him that indicates Dean has tried to contact him. Nothing that indicates Dean would want him here.
Cas hummed, and then he was moving his feet, shifting his balance. Not walking, exactly, but it still brought him even closer to Dean. "You've never seen it?"
“I’m sorry.” Cas knows it’s not exactly his fault, but it still hurts to know he’s causing Dean pain.
Sam stared for a little while longer, and then he gave an ugly snort as he burst into laughter. "Yeah, I get the picture. No details needed. Come on, guys," he said, beginning to herd the kids out of the room. "Let's give Uncle Dean and Uncle Cas some privacy."
(if there could even be such a thing as a "straight" angel, considering their lack of gender) – that Dean once again realised he'd been stupid for thinking he couldn't tell him.
"Who are you calling dirty?" Cas smiled, and this time there was just a hint of suggestiveness to it, Cas swiping his thumbs down just inside Dean's hipbones. He didn't cross the line of what Dean was comfortable with, however – not that he usually had any problem with suggestiveness, but he'd come out of the closet mere
"Ugh. Fuck you." He squirmed, but even though Cas's grace was even more depleted than usual, the angel was still a bit stronger than him. Instead of trying to push Cas off him, he pulled him down and rolled to the side, and amazingly, he managed to end up on top again.
Eileen smiled. "Coffee's almost done. I'll share with you if you wait with me. It should only take a couple of minutes." She leaned her hip against the kitchen bench, and Dean did the same thing, facing her.
Dean wasn't good at taking compliments; he usually argued against them, but he wasn't going to be ungrateful to Cas. Because hearing Cas say those words… even while part of Dean wanted to disagree with them, there was another part of him that held on to Cas's voice uttering those sentiments, wanted to keep those words with him forever.
, like you’d be watching TV,” Dean explains. “Part of what’s hot about being watched is seeing that the person watching is enjoying themselves. It won’t look like you are if you’ve got all of
“I suppose I should give you an answer,” Cas said once he managed to speak, a smile lingering on his face and eyes brimming. “After all, I’ve made you wait since last decade.” Dean produced a sound somewhere between a happy sob and a laugh, and Cas continued. “Dean, nothing would make me happier than getting to call you my husband. Yes, I’ll marry you. Of course I will.”
Cas looked thoughtful and far calmer than Dean felt, and holding his gaze while waiting for his answer was nerve-racking, yet Dean couldn't look away even if he tried.
“He’s being very… forward,” Eileen says, turning back around, and that really tells Dean all he needs to know.
That wonder is joined by humor while Dean watches, and a smile spreads Cas’s lips. “An eternity with you, Dean?” His shoulders lift in an exaggerated shrug. “Well, I don’t know…”
Sometimes he doesn’t even fuck them afterwards, but when he does, he’s more than happy for the woman to sit on top, in control so she can take her own pleasure from his body. He always holds back so he doesn’t come before she does. A couple of times, the woman he’s been with has been too caught up in her own orgasm to notice that he hasn’t come – probably used to men who always finish first – but he doesn’t mind, as long as he knows that he’s managed to bring her pleasure.
“No,” Cas gasped. “No, I…” He interrupted his own sentence with a high mewling sound. Sensing that Cas was right on the edge and not being far from it himself, Dean increased his pace, desperately trying to hold back his own orgasm until Cas’s body finally tensed and the sounds he made culminated in a low, satisfied moan.
Dean tried to picture it; tried to picture a world without colour. The images his mind came up with seemed bleak, depressing. What would the world be like without green? How much of nature wouldn't be dull and grey?
Eileen released him and told him she was proud of him for telling them, and then Dean was facing Cas. There was a gentle smile on his face, and he took half a step closer as if testing whether Dean wanted a hug or not. Right now Dean would take all the physical contact he could get, and he just raised his arms. Cas stepped into the embrace, holding him tightly. He didn't say anything, but words weren't needed; Dean knew Cas could tell this was an important moment for him even though he probably didn't understand why someone's sexuality was such a big deal for humans. Not having a gender himself, it was all probably all the same to Cas, but the way he hugged Dean showed that he knew Dean needed this comfort right now.
Knowing that he probably wouldn't be able to do that again, he grabbed a large handful of snow and decided to make this one count; he pulled at the waistband of Cas's pants and shoved the snow down there. It didn't go underneath Cas's boxers, but Dean still couldn't imagine that it would be anything resembling comfortable. And if Cas's reaction was anything to go by, it wasn't; he groaned and flailed for a moment, and then Dean was on his back before he knew it, his breath knocked out of him. Cas was on top of him with his eyes closed as if trying to will the cold away. Maybe he did try, but didn't have enough grace for it, or maybe he wanted to make this fair for Dean, who had no say over his body temperature.
Not only is Cas going to go have sex with this guy, but… he wants Dean to watch? Is asking Dean in front of Sam and Eileen, in fact, to watch him have gay sex. And now they’re looking between Dean and Cas with questioning looks and Dean would really prefer to sink into a hole in the ground over being in this situation right now, but then he sees Cas interpret his silence as a no, beginning to turn away, and Dean immediately jumps to his feet. “Um. Yeah, I’ll… Sure.”
"I think so." He tried to fight back a smile, but he knew he was unsuccessful when he saw Eileen return it, her eyes filled with warmth.
Cas inserts a needle into the other thigh and twists it. It threatens to make Dean float again, but he pulls himself back, keening. His dick lies neglected on his stomach, jumping every time a new needle is inserted into his skin, a shiny string of precum connecting it to his belly.
“You did what you had to. And look at them now. They’re just happy they’re with their daughter again. They got a happy ending, even if the road there was bumpy.”
Cas’s answer was a noncommittal grunt, and Dean knew he needed to steer his thoughts onto something else. “I think Claire’s pretty glad to have Kaia back. You see them kissing under the mistletoe earlier?”
"Oh." Cas chuckled, but this time his laugh fell more on the side of slightly awkward than amused. "I meant… stability. A normal life." A slight shrug, and then quieter, "Whether that involves me or not."
“If there are to be punishments,” Cas says into the soft skin below Dean’s ear, “there will also be praise.” It’s not a question, and Dean’s glad, because not only is he rendered speechless at the fact that Cas seems to be saying this is really going to happen – he’s also utterly incapable of asking for praise, and just the thought of Cas praising him has him blushing harder than he already is.
"And if it wasn't for you specifically, all the grass and trees and shit would be colourless? So the Christmas tree in the living room…?"
“I’m ready,” he says, because Cas has paused his movements, waiting for Dean to get out of his head.
But the fact that Cas knew Dean found Dr. Sexy… well, sexy, raised another question. "I, uh. I asked Sam if he'd known all along. It didn't even occur to me to ask you. You did know, didn't you?"
Dean’s laugh came out more as a sob, or maybe it was the other way around. He wiped a stray tear from his cheek with the palm of his hand. “’Course I do, Cas. I just…” He searched for words that wouldn’t come, about how he loved Cas too much to be able to share him with someone else. How he couldn’t bear knowing that he wasn’t enough for Cas.
He didn't get to laugh long, however; almost as soon as Cas and Eileen were out of the room, Charlie seemed to suddenly remember something she'd been wanting to ask: "Uncle Dean, why don't you and Uncle Cas sleep together?"
“Uh, yeah. Let’s not… Let’s not talk about that. What else did you learn?” He asks in a desperate attempt to get Cas talking about something else.
"Anna made them," Cas said wistfully. At Dean's confused silence, he continued: "I don't mean the ones today. She
"Trust me, I will," Dean replied, dipping Charlie as he bent to pick up his duffel, drawing laughter from the child once more before putting her down on her feet again and following her inside.
“But you love me anyway,” Dean replied with an easy smile on his face as he gave Cas a hand, pulling him to his feet and into a kiss.
“Okay,” Dean agreed breathlessly. “Yeah. Hang on, I’ll –” He fumbled with the box again, trying to get it out of his pocket, but it got caught in the lining. He pulled harder – and it flew out of his hand, into the snow right in front of his father and Uncle Bobby. Dean felt utterly paralysed as he watched them look at the object with curiosity, and then – oh god, then came the realisation, the raised eyebrows and the shared looks.
Cas headed toward the bedroom – and stopped in the doorway. On the bed was his ace flag, yes, but Dean’s bi flag was there as well, the two forming a diagonal cross, and on the wooden stick on each of them was… something shiny. Something metal?
Dean was too distracted by the icy cold sensation of rapidly melting snow underneath his clothes to put up much of a fight as Cas wrestled him to the ground.
Apparently even a road trip, with just the two of them visiting the romantic spots Dean had memorised over years of travelling the country by car, wasn’t enough to get Cas to stop.
Cas doesn’t know if he can believe that it’s true; thinks back to all the prayers Dean directed at him in Purgatory, all the prayers he ignored. A few of them were just like this one: just
Half an hour of nervous pacing later, there's a knock on Dean's door, and he freezes right where he's standing.
There’s nothing particularly unique about the stream; there are probably thousands of streams that look similar to the one in Purgatory, but… something about this place feels different. There’s no sign of Cas, but the feeling behind his sternum like someone pulling him in a steady direction has disappeared.
“The guy who was here with you earlier? He’s hot. He can watch.” No words make their way out of Dean’s mouth as he gapes at her, and she turns away with a smile and a wink over her shoulder. “Think about it, sweetheart.”
Dean knows, before the door opens. It’s still good to see him, though – to see him greet Dean with a warm smile on his face.
"Come on, dude." Dean blushed under Cas's gaze. "Say something. It's okay if you don't want to, I'll just sell the house, but—"
Cas's gaze trailed down Dean's chest, down to the towel, but there was still understanding rather than heat in his voice when he spoke. "I'll leave that up to you, Dean. It would make me very happy to bring you pleasure once I've showered, but only if you want to."
Sam raised his hands in denial while he grinned. "I swear, I had nothing to do with it. The kids asked me if they could have five dollars to buy something for you and Cas."
Dean echoed incredulously. “Did you smell him? Come on, man, you’re an alpha, you have to know why I can’t be around him right now. Dude smells as delicious as a frickin’ apple pie.” After thinking back, recalling the scent, he added, “A really, really fuckable apple pie. I can’t believe you manage to be around him without going crazy.”
When he thought about it, it had been stupid to assume that a being who’d had the ability to fly most of his life could ever truly settle down. Cas had always kept disappearing back when he still had his wings; it was probably only the lack of them that had kept him in one place for so long now. No wonder Cas was getting restless.
"It would be cool to see the aurora sometime while we're here," Dean said. He wasn't sure why he said it, exactly; he'd never told anyone that he'd wanted to see it since childhood, and he hadn't thought about it in forever. "Sam says they've seen it a couple of times."
“You okay there, cher?” Benny must know Dean’s more than okay, but it shows just how considerate he is with him, and it reassures Cas that Benny’s good enough for Dean. He hopes he is, too.
“Your scent is fuckable too, Cas,” Dean said, his sentences getting more and more ridiculous the more his rut took over, making it hard to think. “Getting-fucked-able,” he corrected himself.
It doesn’t take him long to realize that what he thought was freedom is… claustrophobic. Every road is the same, none of them anywhere closer to or further from a destination than any other. It’s like walking up an escalator going down, at a standstill even as he keeps moving because he never
It was far from the first time Dean had been naked in the company of someone else, but he'd never before
"I must admit I didn't pay much attention to the second half of the movie," Cas said, and Dean had no idea how to interpret that, but he was fully aware of how his heart wanted to interpret it.
Dean tried to get the remote back, but Cas held it out of his reach. "Come on, dude. You never have an opinion on what to watch. Why do you care now?"
He’s too caught up in paying attention to the multitudes of Jack leading the way, like looking through a divine kaleidoscope, to see the structure in front of him. It is only once his vision returns to normal, Jack no more to be seen, that he sees what’s left behind. The forest – and a cabin, big enough for maybe one or two people to live there.
He didn't notice until he heard Cas's deep, velvety "oh" and the way his eyes darkened when he looked at Dean, that his towel was tented – not fully quite yet, but enough that in a few moments, the loose flaps of the towel would give way and fall down, exposing him. Just the thought of it made his dick jump, considerably shortening the amount of time it would take before it happened.
Dean stops getting arrested so much eventually, but then there’s Cas instead of those cops. Cas, who sometimes gets angry when Dean does something reckless (like endanger his own life, mostly) and slams him into a wall, bristling with anger. Dean’s fully aware that Cas could obliterate him if he decided to, but it does nothing to subdue the situation in his pants; if anything, he thinks maybe the thought makes him even harder. That might just be because of the slight crush he has on the angel, however.
The kids were really asking the difficult questions today. They were probably gonna grow up to be lawyers, like their dad had tried to do, cross-examining the witness and all that. "Ah." Dean scratched his neck, trying to figure out how to navigate this conversation without disillusioning the children or revealing too much. "I… of course I love him, buddy. It's just… there are different kinds of love, y'know, not just the romantic type. I mean, I love you guys, too." He leaned down towards them and lowered his voice, pretending to whisper, "And I even love your big old oaf of a dad. But don't tell him I said that." The kids giggled, and Dean could only hope that that signalled the end of the conversation.
"You kidding me?" Dean asked, glancing over at Cas, whose face was still pink. "I'll be lucky if I ever get into the mood again." He groaned and rolled over, pressing his face against the soft skin of Cas's throat, wanting to at least get one kind of intimacy even though the other kind was out the window right now.
He thinks about it the next time they’re at the local bar, but… vacation is over, and Sam and Eileen are
kissing Cas, which is something he never even knew he longed for, but that the absolute joy it fills him with proves that he did.
Once again, Dean’s incredulous laugh came out remarkably sob-like. “What, you thought I was just going to be fine with it? With you finding someone else, sending them selfies all the time while you’re spending time with me?”
Cas was on his bed, naked, lying on his stomach, and desire swirled dangerously in Dean’s gut. He clenched his hands, digging his fingernails into his palm. He knew he’d give anything right then and there to just stride right over to the angel, cover his body with his own and plunge inside him, like he’d dreamt so many times of Cas doing to him. He probably hadn’t had a single heat in the past ten years where he hadn’t fantasized about that.
Dean found Sam in the library, where he was probably trying to find a way to break the spell. He looked up from the book he was reading. “Oh, hey, Cas. You, uh…” He scented the air almost imperceptibly, but Dean could see the flaring of his nostrils. “…feeling better?”
Cas shut him up by grabbing his hand. “Dean.” He couldn’t stop himself from grinning. “I would love to go out with you.”
It's somewhat of an epiphany when he realises he can just… tell Cas it's fine if he wants to do just that. Like he said earlier, it's not like Cas is purely an observer; Dean can interact with him if he wants.
"About your crush on Dr. Sexy?" Cas teased again, making Dean huff an embarrassed laugh. "I did," he continued, more serious now and definitely not talking about Dr. Sexy anymore. He still said it in a way that let Dean know it wasn't a big deal to him, however. "I knew. I hoped you'd be comfortable enough to tell me sometime. To tell all of us." He laid a hand just above Dean's knee and squeezed. Dean knew it was just a show of support, and yeah, it was comforting, but Dean also had to push down the warm feeling he got that had nothing to do with the comfort of it, and more to do with the fact that his crush on Cas was way bigger than his crush on Dr. Sexy.
He couldn't get mad at the children, and their infectious enthusiasm even had him smiling, but he still narrowed his eyes suspiciously at Sam. "Was this your idea?"
Dean’s eyes shutter even as his fingers stray to caress Cas’s cheek, so gently Cas can’t be sure Dean’s doing it on purpose. He pulls them away after a moment. “I need to go talk to Sam. I’ll try to be quick, okay?”
Cas shook his head weakly a few more times before he finally bowed it in acquiescence. “You’ll have to show me. I’ve never…”
“You came to bed with me,” he remembers. That’s significant; it has to be. Sam thinks so too, if the way he lifts his eyebrows in surprise is any indication. “Before you knew about my memory loss,“ Cas continues. “I didn’t know it then, but I was asking you to share my bed for the first time. And you wanted to.”
The Bunker had been decked, not only with holly, but with garlands, wreaths, decorations and mistletoe. A year ago, Dean wouldn’t have thought he would be alive by now – much less that Naomi would have brought back everyone he and Sam and their chosen family had lost as a result of the hunting life, as a thank you for sending God into the Empty. Turned out, a bunch of previously deceased people as well as Dean’s miraculously never-deceased friends made for one hell of a Christmas celebration.
Cas doesn’t hesitate in doing what Dean says, leaning against the pillows that are propped up there, and then Dean is on his knees between his legs, kissing Cas one more time before his mouth starts its descent.
Dean considers lying once more, but... there’s no reason he can’t tell Cas what just happened, is there? If he refuses to tell Cas, then that would imply Dean had a Reaction to it – which he didn’t. He certainly hasn’t been imagining the very scenario the waitress proposed.
"Sammy! You out there?" he called. He hoped Sam was. It would be humiliating to have him come in here and see them like this, sure, but at least it would be better than this.
Up until now, everything he’s learned after waking up has felt like he’s gained something: a name, a husband, a home. Now he realises that isn’t true. Instead, he’s lost the life he used to have – a life he hopes he can rebuild with Dean.
And now here he was, an angel lying only a few feet away from him snuggled up under his own blankets, quietly watching Dean get into bed. Years ago, Dean would have told him it was creepy, but it was a long time since Cas's presence and gaze had ever brought anything but comfort. He could hardly complain when he couldn't help but meet Cas's gaze with his own and hold it in a silent exchange.
“You can, Dean,” Cas says, putting a hand on Dean’s neck and pulling him up for a quick kiss. “I’ll make sure you can accommodate us both. Do you want to?”
Cas's pupils are dilated, Dean notices when he stands back up, and he gets lost in them for a moment. He’s been close to Cas before (after all, the guy used to have difficulties with the concept of personal space), but never like this. Never quite so close, quite so undressed, with Cas looking at him quite like this.
Cas was already in bed when Dean entered the guest room after using the bathroom. It was the first time they were alone after the kids' attempt to get them together, and although Dean had almost forgotten about it for a while now, he suddenly flushed at the realisation that Cas
Standing there with Cas's arms around him, Dean felt silly about the fact that he'd never told any of them about it before, because they were nothing if not supportive. Dean had
The look of distress on Cas’s face was almost enough to make Dean change his mind about his decision. He’d always hated seeing Cas sad, and he’d never seen him look as devastated as this.
“As discipline?” Cas murmurs, and Dean has to think about it, because he hasn’t yet familiarised himself with these wants. And oh, he likes the thought of Cas punishing him.
, and oh, wasn't that something?), not quite ready to stop talking to Cas yet. "Thanks for showing me the aurora tonight, Cas. That was really something."
It was sappy enough that Dean decided not to complain about his ruined snow angel like he was going to, and when Cas demonstrated his words with a kiss, Dean forgot about any reason he thought he might have had to complain.
They stood like that, hugging, for a long time, and Dean felt tears prickle in his eyes even as he wondered how the cross-examination of Cas might be going down
“Yeah. I want you. Want both of you.” Dean leans in, lips parted, and Cas meets him halfway. It’s not chaste; there’s no possible way it could be, considering what Benny’s hand is doing to Dean under the blanket, drawing a needy moan from his lips against Cas’s.
"Uncle Cas!" She ran over to Cas and tugged on his sleeve while she pointed to the mistletoe with her other hand. "Look, we bought mistletoe! And Uncle Dean is underneath it."
“Dude,” Dean huffed, stuffing his hands in his pockets and hunching his shoulders forward as if preparing himself for Cas reacting badly to what he was about to say. “I’ve been into you for over two years now.” He looked up as if to check that Cas wasn’t freaking out – which he was, quietly, on the inside, but not for the reason Dean might think.
It's something Cas always insists on after they've played, and even on the times Dean doesn't drop, he still appreciates it. Of course, it helps that Cas taking care of him mostly entails of them lying in bed together (once Cas has made Dean drink and eat something), Cas spooning him and whispering praise in his ear while Dean pretends to sleep. He's pretty sure Cas can tell, but as long as he doesn't call him out on it, Dean doesn't see any reason to stop.
Cas still looked genuinely amused at the kids' curiosity, but he didn't seem to have an answer for the question right away, meeting Dean's eyes in silence, and then Eileen put an end to the kids' questioning before he could answer.
– because as soon as he looked down at himself, he yelped. There were few things in this world that could make Dean Winchester yelp, but the sight of another man’s body, another man’s junk where his should be… That was cause for concern in Dean’s book.
“Go and find out,” Dean said, a gentle hand guiding Cas in the direction of the bed, and Cas went willingly.
“What will I – hm?” Dean asks, not following. “I’ll say… well, of course, I’ll say –” is as far as he makes it before he realises that he doesn’t actually know if Cas
Cas’s questions and Dean’s own compulsion to answer them truthfully make Dean feel vulnerable, stripped naked. He’s the only one who’s voicing his desires here, and while Cas’s body may speak of some of his own, there’s only so much bodily urges can tell Dean. They don’t tell him whether Cas wants the same thing between them that Dean does. “No,” he says, and then amends, “Maybe before. I don’t want anyone else now. Just you.” He squeezes his eyes closed. Only half an hour ago, he would have never believed he was anywhere near ready to tell Cas, and it feels scary to do so now.
Dean wondered if Cas was fishing or just genuinely curious, and he met his eyes again. "I mean, I used to want those things, but not anymore. I've got you and Sam's family. That's enough." He carefully tried not to think about the fact that he was practically equating Cas to a wife, here, and whether or not Cas might pick up on that. "What about you?" Again, he tried to fake nonchalance, and again, it was probably unsuccessful.
Dean’s heart felt like it grew ten sizes then and there, and it beat a joyful tattoo against his ribs. Hands shaking, he somehow managed to place the ring on Cas’s finger, to the sound of cheering and applause from everyone present. Then, “What’d I miss?” from Ash, which set off a new round of laughter – and when it died down, Dean finally got his New Year’s kiss, full of promise for the future. A future together with Cas, which was the best possible way he could start the new decade. He couldn’t wait to see what the rest of it – and several more – would have in store for them.
Dean had never imagined he'd be coming out like this, but… maybe it wasn't so bad. The kids were just curious; they didn't have it in them to be judgmental. Neither did Sam, for that matter. Still, Dean needed a deep breath while he prepared himself mentally. His eyes met Sam's, and there was an intensity in the way Sam looked at him that suggested the long pause had made it obvious by now that the answer might not be yes. Either that, or Sam had known all along.
"I, um. Shit. I know it was presumptuous," he stammered, "I just thought – you said – and then this house was for sale and there was a poltergeist and—"
“Very little,” Cas admits with regret; he wishes he could remember their life together, but since he can’t, he’ll have to make do with creating new memories. “I don’t remember anything from before today. But I can feel the love we have for each other,” he hastens to reassure Dean. “It seems my heart remembers you, even while my brain doesn’t.”
"Children, behave," Eileen said, although she, too, looked amused. "Just because two men are attracted to other men, that doesn't mean they
Once again, Cas reached back – for Dean’s head this time, pulling him down so Cas could turn his head to the side and scent him. Dean scented him back, riding the high from the pheromones Cas was emitting as he let his entire body sink down against the one beneath him and began to fuck him in earnest.
Dean nods frantically, breath coming in fast puffs against Cas’s skin. “Yeah. Come on. Move.” And then they do – Benny and Cas both, while Cas holds Dean in place. “Oh fuck,” Dean breathes, and it’s a sentiment Cas would echo if he were capable of speech right now.
It hasn’t been long since Cas woke up at the hospital, but it’s late and he’s yawning and tired again, and he appreciates his husband’s help – although Dean is really hovering more than helping, but his presence is really all Cas needs.
weird, watching Cas's chest be revealed underneath his fingers, one button at a time. Not necessarily a bad weird, however. A strangely exhilarating weird. He attributes it to knowing that Alicia finds it arousing, and not at all to Cas's steady gaze on him. Because that would be even weirder.
"You should totally blame him," Eileen said as she went to hug Cas and Dean, even as they were carrying one child each. "He's the one who's supplied the giraffe genes." Dean was sure Sam would've tried to defend himself if Eileen had been able to see his hands or mouth. Being deaf clearly had one benefit, when living with Sam: being able to shut him up by turning your back to him. Add Sam's god-awful snoring to that, and Dean was pretty sure Sam was easier to deal with on the whole if you were deaf. It was probably one of the reasons why their relationship was going so well, actually.
Cas walked in, smiling at the sight of Dean blowing a loud raspberry on Charlie's cheek. She laughed and wriggled until Dean had to let her down on the floor again.
They were rubbing against each other again, slower this time, but Dean wanted something else. He stilled their movements with a hand on Cas's hip and then let it travel between their bodies in search of its destination.
The first five or so times Cas asked for permission to rim him, Dean said no, imagining that it would be gross and awful for Cas. In the end, however, he gave in, curious about the sensation, and he’s since realised that Cas wasn’t curious about it because of the act itself, but because he wanted to see Dean’s reactions to it. And boy, does he react. Nothing – apart from the cane (and, apparently, needles) can get him as hard as fast, and the dual sensation he’s experiencing now of the needles beneath his skin and Cas’s tongue working him open, is making him go crazy.
"I do.” He squeezes Dean’s hand. “And it would make me very happy if you would share my bed and my life, tonight and every night for as long as we live.”
It was Dean and Cas who made dinner on Christmas Eve while they waited for Sam, Eileen and the kids to come back from the skating rink. Dean may be fond of knives, but he didn't like to wear them on his feet and try to propel himself forward on them. Cas was no skating talent either, as they'd discovered a few winters prior, and so they were happy to stay at home and prepare lasagna for when the others returned.
Dean felt breathless. That was one hell of a declaration. "Shit, Cas." His eyes felt moist at the corners, but he wasn't gonna wipe at them and give himself away. He wanted to say something back of the same magnitude, but he couldn't without saying things he wasn't quite ready to say yet. Instead, he simply stayed quiet, letting Cas hold onto his arm, and it seemed good enough for Cas, having removed Dean's insecurities about being lesser than him.
Sam ran over to Dean, poker at the ready in case the ghost returned. With nothing else to fight the poltergeist with, however, there was no point in staying in the house longer than they had to, and they ran out of the house just as the poltergeist made a chair come flying at them.
"Fuck. So good, Cas," Dean breathes. He wants to ask for another one, but he knows it's coming anyway. Besides, impatience never gets him anywhere with an angel who has literally lived for millennia, and he doesn't want to prolong the wait.
Cas waits for the jealousy to take hold, prepared to push it down, but it doesn’t come. Maybe it’s partly because Dean’s still pleasuring him, but he doesn’t feel anything but arousal, watching Dean and Benny make out.
Husband. The word fills Cas with warmth, and he covers his husband’s hand with one of his own. The man’s name eludes Cas – as does any memory of him apart from a sense of familiarity, of a bond between them. “I’m fine,” Cas tells him, and watches as some of the worry in green eyes fades away. It’s not a lie. Cas feels good, having his husband here in the room with him. He may not be able to remember the other man, but he only has to look at him, and he feels it clearly, strongly: the love that’s between them.
“Holy fuck,” Donna moans as Cas sinks into her from behind, giving Dean an excellent view of his dick sliding in and out of her, and while he kinda wants to laugh at her unintended pun, he also can’t help but agree.
“You’re lucky I do,” Cas murmured against his lips – and Dean couldn’t do anything but agree. He fumbled a hand into his pocket, feeling the small velvet box there like he had several times already during their Christmas vacation, never quite working up the nerve to do what he’d planned.
“I want to kiss you.” Cas doesn’t say anything, and Dean panics, wondering if maybe Cas wasn’t anticipating this when he said Dean could ask for anything. “Shit.” He blinks away sudden wetness in his eyes, and where did that come from? “Sorry. I’m not expecting you to – it’s just, you asked, and—”
Cas takes pity on him and moves his hand from the needles on Dean’s thigh to his cock, and it takes only three strokes before Dean’s pleasure engulfs him like a tidal wave; he lets himself drown in it as he spills over the sheets in front of him.
“‘Cause I like the reminder that I’m yours.” It’s the answer Dean knows Cas hopes to hear, but he wouldn’t be saying it if it wasn’t the truth. Just like he knows Cas belongs to him. He reaches back to run a hand through Cas’s hair, to pull him closer, and it stretches the skin on his chest, but he ignores the stinging of the needles in favour of the sound of Cas’s breath speeding up, the feeling of Cas’s hips slamming faster against him.
He prays every now and then – if what he does can even be called a prayer, but Cas has always treated it as such. “Cas, got your ears on?” he’ll start with, or even “Cas, you bastard.”
Dean felt utterly unable to move or speak for a moment – until Cas’s face began to fall. "No, hey. I, uh.” He grabbed Cas’s hand to keep him from turning away, and the mistletoe fell to the floor. “I – I do. Want to. Even without the greenery.”
He does regret it, slightly, when Sam asks him about it like Dean knew he would. The worst thing is, it’s not teasing. There’s no knowing smirk. Just an earnest question and a patient, open expression while Sam waits for Dean to reveal… whatever. His sexual orientation, maybe, which – if Dean could, he fucking would, but he can't make sense of anything right now. Instead, he draws out a chair for himself and waits for Sam to do the same, and then he tells Sam about what he and Cas have been doing.
It's hard to focus enough to get words out, but Dean's nothing if not eager to comply when Cas tells him to do something. "Fuck. Wanna do this forever, Cas. Wanna… want you to fuck me—" Cas tugs on another needle, and Dean interrupts himself with a sharp gasp, "—just like this."
Cas is confident Dean is wrong, but he doesn’t want to spend time arguing; if he’s right about this, there’s another, quicker way to convince Dean of his true feelings.
The added pressure of Benny’s cock as it slides in next to Cas’s feels good, but the most arousing part of it all is Dean – the drawn-out, keening sound he produces as he’s slowly being filled up, fuller than he’s ever been before.
“Um.” Dean hesitates. He’s unable to look Cas in the eye now that Alicia has brought attention to what he was doing. It's one thing to just… do it, pretending it's all normal, but to do it with a woman commenting on – and enjoying – the apparent homoeroticism of it? Dean isn't sure he's quite man enough for that. "That's kinda... weird, isn't it?"
Dean hadn't expected that it would be possible to lose track of time while lying outside in the snow, cold and damp, but when his teeth began to chatter after making out for what had clearly been way too long, he realised it was entirely possible. "Shit."
Cas understand Dean’s hesitation, after his coma. “I’m not asking for sex,” he says. Then he adds, “Not tonight,” because he is looking forward to getting to know Dean’s body again – some other day. Soon. “I just want to feel the warmth of my husband’s body against me.”
"Yeah," Dean agreed, tired for the moment, but not too tired to start looking forward to the next time already. He checked his watch. "Round two before Sam and Eileen come back? We have two more hours, and I wanna try giving you a blowjob."
"Well? Nice house, right?" he asked as if the fact that they'd come running out of the house with a damn fire poker didn't imply that they'd met the poltergeist.
There’s a fierce blush on Dean’s face. Cas should save him from any further embarrassment and just go, but then Benny speaks. “He called out the wrong name.” He says it so easily, with a hint of a smile. Cas is almost sure Benny must be joking, but… Dean doesn’t deny it, he just looks away, anywhere but at Cas. “Not the first time it’s happened,” Benny shrugs. “He missed you an awful lot in Purgatory.”
"Don't be silly, Sam," Cas monotoned as he put the boy on his shoulders. "Dean and I are going to keep lifting them until they're 18, at least." Dean couldn't help but grin; maybe he was getting a bit sentimental, but it never failed to make him smile, the way Cas was with the kids and the way he seemed so secure in his place in this family.
"Come in," he calls out, and Cas enters. And closes the door behind him. And faces Dean with an inscrutable expression.
"Cas. Come with me." Dean took Cas's hand and opened the car door. "We'll come and get you guys afterwards, I just… need to show Cas first," he said to the rest of them.
He pushed that thought aside. He didn't want to worry about anything right now; he just wanted to stand there with Cas and look at the beauty of the landscape outside. The snow. The trees. The dark blue, almost black, sky studded with bright stars.
They still don’t talk about it as they get ready for bed, nor at breakfast the next morning. It’s not until they’re out on the interstate that Dean – for some godforsaken reason – decides to turn down the music and ask Cas what he thought about last night. It’s meant as an invitation to mutual appreciation of Alicia; as the kind of nudge-nudge conversation between guy friends after one of them got laid. In hindsight, Dean realises it wasn’t his best idea, considering… everything that happened. It’s a thought that has Baby swerving a little to the right.
The coffee stopped dripping into the pot, and Dean poured them a mug of coffee each, trying to ignore Eileen's knowing gaze on him.
, it seems he’s gotten the wrong message about what exactly it is they're doing here, because his eyes travel down to Dean’s lips while his hand slides up to cup Dean’s jaw and Dean really needs to decide what to do soon because he’s coming closer and – and – and his lips are soft on Dean’s, drawing out a quiet moan from him as he finds himself automatically returning it.
Dean hummed, feeling his heart swell just a tiny bit more with emotion for this ancient being who thought humans deserved rainbows. "So… you created the thing that, um." Dean faltered, uncertain which word he should use, but… he was out now. He didn't have to pretend that he didn't know the term. "That LGBTQ people use as their—" Dean paused, realising maybe for the first time that he was allowed to consider himself part of that community.
Specifically, it begins with a proposition from a cocktail waitress while Cas is in the bathroom. She introduces herself to Dean as Alicia, and she is totally his type: brunette, hot and her hips don't lie. Any other time, he’d say yes in a heartbeat. However, this roadtrip is his and Cas’s well-deserved vacation after saving the world for the n-th and final time (while Sam and Eileen are off on their own trip to Paris), so Dean isn’t going to leave Cas all to himself, and he declines, explaining that he can’t leave his friend. What he doesn’t expect is Alicia’s response.
“Perhaps,” Cas allowed, a wobbly smile playing around his mouth—the kind of smile that came from being comforted after crying. “But I was hoping you might want to be my idiot?” He reached inside his trenchcoat pocket and pulled out a small, black box.
He lay down on their bed while Cas was in the shower, debating whether or not he should get dressed. Soon enough, the debate turned more into a daydream about what might happen if he didn't, and by the time Cas stepped into the room in a towel of his own, he was still lying on the bed. So. Decision made.
“Shit!” Dean begins wrestling with the blankets in a frantic attempt to cover himself and as much of Benny as possible, but the vampire doesn’t seem bothered by his own nakedness and doesn’t move from where he’s pinning the covers down. The little corner of the blanket that Dean manages to throw over Benny doesn’t do much to hide his erection.
Cas can’t help the immediate, consuming hurt he feels, rooting him to the spot. He should leave before they notice that he’s there, but he’s helpless to do anything but watch what’s happening on the bed in front of him. He can’t look away from the sight of the two naked bodies, Dean lying on his back, keening and digging his heels into the mattress, hips stuttering into Benny’s grip on his erection.
When Dean finally sinks down on his cock, Cas can’t help but buck up into him, unable to control his body, unable to rein in his arousal. It shouldn’t be possible for him to lose control like this, but then Dean has always been the exception to everything Cas has thought to be true. Dean meets his thrusts eagerly, but at a touch of Benny’s hand to his shoulder, pushing him down to lie on top of Cas, he stills – waiting for Benny to fill him up as well.
There was a reason Dean never went on hunts during his heat. Well, no. There were two reasons: the first one was that – obviously – he wouldn’t be able to do his job properly. The other one was that he’d never wanted Sam or Cas to witness what a heat did to him, and not only was Cas experiencing it for himself now, but Sam was probably going to get more insight about what it did to Dean’s body than Dean had ever wanted his little brother to know. He always made sure to stay in his room – or at least
Cas nodded, but didn’t take his eyes off the guests. “They all seem so… joyous. I’m happy for them.”
Castiel. Castiel Winchester. The name feels familiar and unfamiliar at the same time. It evokes no actual memories, but there’s no name that offers itself up in its stead, so there’s no reason to doubt that this is who he is. Castiel Winchester.
Presents weren't the most important part of Christmas for Dean, but this was a pretty awesome and personal one, and it made Dean slightly nervous about Cas opening the gift from him: A Buffy box set (because he knew Cas loved watching the reruns despite his bitching about inaccurate portrayals of monsters) and a mug.
It's hard. It usually doesn't take much for Dean to go into subspace when they're doing something he loves; when Cas manipulates his body expertly and praises him on how good he's being. He knows he can trust Cas fully – trusts him with his life – so he never has to worry about letting go. And very often, he
ago, and here he was in an on-its-way-to-becoming-a-relationship with Cas. And yeah, they'd kinda done something sexual together already, but that had almost been more of an accident than anything. Not that it had been insignificant; far from it, it was just that he hadn't had to think about it, he had just done it. That had made it easier.
Cas didn’t even get to open the box before he had his answer, eager and unequivocal, and with a brand new ring on Dean’s finger they kissed until there were no more insecurities and doubts between them.
. What he said was, “This. Us. I can’t pretend anymore. I can't…” His voice broke, putting an end to a sentence he hadn’t known how to finish anyway.
Dean walks in on Sam with women sometimes, and although he always closes the door again quickly, he sees enough to notice that Sam is rougher with girls. There are glimpses of Sam pushing them against walls and fucking them hard and fast; glimpses of Sam biting down on soft flesh accompanied by the sound of soft, feminine cries. Dean doesn’t get the appeal, and wonders if something’s wrong with him.
"I wasn't surprised," Cas said. "You're good with them, Dean. You let yourself be the role model you should have had as a child. You're honest with them, and you show them love." Dean blushed, but Cas continued. "They adore you. Because you're a good person, Dean."
Sam still looked awfully amused, though, and when Dean saw Eileen's eyes glimmer with amusement as well, and took in the kids' gleeful expressions, he held back a laugh that wanted to escape. Instead, he rolled his eyes, but he nonetheless picked Bobby up and lifted him, allowing him to hang the sprig of mistletoe there along with the decoration, and then he blew a raspberry on the boy's cheek, making him shriek and giggle. "There. That's your kiss."
It took Dean a long time to fall asleep, but when he did, his dreams were filled with possibilities.
When Dean has told him everything there is to tell, Sam steeples his hands in front of his face. He doesn’t say anything for the longest time, and Dean begins to panic. Maybe he was wrong; maybe Sam is so shocked by Dean’s revelations that he has completely stopped functioning.
"We're gonna hang it there," Charlie said excitedly, jumping up and down as she pointed up to the wide doorway between the kitchen and the dining room. There was a hook screwed into the frame, and a Christmas decoration with two silver bells was already hanging from it.
Cas stopped his careful descent down the stairs, eyes fixed on Dean, nostrils flaring. His senses were set to overdrive right now, Dean knew from experience, and Cas must be smelling the Alpha pheromones emanating from Dean. Dean recognised the hungry look in his eyes – knew he’d looked exactly like that many times before during his most desperate heats, smelling even the barest, lingering scent of Cas in his room – and he backed away, excusing himself.
It's obvious even before Dean reaches for the belt that Cas is getting hard already. Dean feels the urge to avert his eyes, but – they're a bit beyond that now. His fingers tremble as he fumbles with the buckle, but that's just because Alicia reaches into his boxers and closes her hand around his dick. "Fuck," he breathes, eyes fluttering shut as he finally unfastens the belt. He can feel how his tugging is causing Cas to sway into his space, and he keeps his eyes closed until the belt is fully open and Cas is back in his own space again.
Half an hour later, Sam and Eileen had retired to bed, and Dean had just finished using the bathroom when he found Cas standing in the doorway to the guest room, looking inside.
Dean was about to head back to his fort when a snowball caught his ear, and he quickly realised he was out in the open. Deciding that the best defense was a good offense, he headed toward the other fort instead, shouting "Cover me!" to Bobby.
Dean wanted to say it was pity he felt for Cas – since he knew how much it sucked going through a heat without getting any relief – but ‘pity’ didn’t feel like the right word to describe what he was feeling as he thought about Cas suffering through his body’s urges during his first ever heat. Pity had never been as distracting as Dean’s current thoughts were.
Cas wakes up, feeling like someone is watching him, and he looks up to see Dean in the doorway, holding a pillow that must clearly have been somewhere else than in their bed.
"I enjoyed it very much,” Cas says, which is fine as answers go. Not too weird. Then he adds, “It was… illuminating,” and Dean is too chickenshit to ask what the hell that means, so he keeps his mouth shut – for about six miles.
Cas turned around and saw what Dean had chosen to wear for the parade, and he couldn’t help but smile. “Your old bi pride shirt? You don’t think it’s a couple of sizes too small?”
"So the needle doesn't puncture the skin on your other thigh," Cas explains, voice soft and intimate. Dean doesn't know if there's any important reason for it; it's not like his skin isn't being punctured anyway, but he appreciates being able to anticipate the pain.
Eileen laughed, and then the playful look on her face turned into a soft smile. "So… is there anything going on between you two?"
The last words Sam and Eileen heard as they left the kids' room were from the book Dean had gotten them sometime last year: "That Sam-I-Am, that Sam-I-Am, I do not like that Sam-I-Am."
Dean and Bobby were on one team, hiding inside their fort from the onslaught of snowballs that Cas and Charlie had spent the first five minutes making inside their own fort. Cas's aim was remarkably (but not surprisingly) accurate, with both hands, and of course he was aiming mostly for Dean. It was only at Charlie's shouted "Cowards!" that Dean finally abandoned his tactic of waiting out their supply of ready-made snowballs and looked above the edge of the fort again to aim one at Cas, but he was the one who got hit right in his face instead.
“Not quite,” Cas says enigmatically, before he continues, “Porn actors don’t usually come out of the screen and remove my clothes.” Which… not only does it speak of Cas’s twisted sense of humour, but it also tells Dean
When Cas pulls away, Dean’s eyes are closed. He looks dazed, and it’s only after a few slow blinks that he appears to remember what they were trying to achieve. He clears his throat and looks nervous – or hopeful, maybe. Probably both. “So, did you… you know, did it work?”
Cas laughed quietly, just a short huff of breath. "I hope you will. I want to do that again sometime. It was nice." He paused for a moment, and then: "Although it would have been nicer if it could have lasted a little while longer."
"You're both fine with that?" Cas's voice is deeper than Dean has ever heard it, and it sends a shiver down his spine that has him thrusting up into Alicia.
"They were kissing!" Bobby shouted to his father, jabbing a finger at Cas's mouth that he had to dodge.
“What the hell,” he mumbles before downing the rest of his drink and slamming the glass down on the table. “Let’s go.”
was into dudes. A whole lifetime of keeping it to himself, and a few innocent questions from the kids was all it took to get him to reveal it.
Dean shook his head. Impossible. If Dean smelled like that to Cas – like Cas was smelling right now – he would have tried to get into Dean’s pants a long time ago. Would probably even have asked him to be his mate, like he’d done in Dean’s daydreams hundreds of times.
“Dean.” Cas interrupted Dean’s rambling, and Dean finally made himself look at Cas, who was looking right back at him with big eyes, a mix of disbelief and expectancy on his face. “If you’re talking about what I think you’re talking about, you better not make me wait for it,” he warned. “You can’t just say those things and then not –” He drew in a deep breath as if he didn’t dare to continue the sentence lest he be mistaken.
The alcohol chills Dean's skin as it evaporates, leaves goosebumps in its wake, in the area above Dean's nipple and below his clavicle. The other side gets the same treatment, and Dean suppresses a shiver. It always takes a little time for him to let go right at the very beginning of a scene, no matter how many times Cas has seen him whimper and tremble and beg.
As always, Dean didn’t look—except out of the corner of his eye—when he noticed Cas doing it again in the passenger seat: turning away from Dean, as if that somehow could prevent Dean from seeing that he was snapping a selfie before sitting down and fiddling with his phone—sending the picture to someone?—and smiling to himself. Even without looking directly at him, Dean could tell it was the kind of smile that Dean had previously been the only one to put on Cas’s face.
Bobby released his hold on the present in his hands to sign. "Can we open the presents now? Pretty please?" The kids got the go-ahead, and then they were tearing off paper left and right as they opened their presents.
Dean had read something about that somewhere. Some people who cheated would act more affectionate toward their partners, to avoid suspicion. Dean wanted to believe this wasn’t about that, but the painful knot in his stomach told him otherwise, and every night he’d end up turning away from Cas. He ignored the way it only made Cas hold him even tighter.
“I know,” Cas says now, a hint of smugness in his voice, and Dean would tell him off for being a smart-ass if he wasn’t too preoccupied with the building pleasure inside him. Then Cas murmurs, “I love you too,” and bites into Dean’s neck below his ear, and Dean lets out an embarrassing, breathy moan.
“I’ve fallen for you, Dean,” Cas says, and he smiles. “In every possible way.” He watches Dean exhale a shaky breath of relief.
Dean is looking at the road, but he can still feel Cas’s pondering stare. “It wasn’t just normal sex, though.”
There was no conscious decision to start their slow thrusts against each other; if Dean were going to pick the perfect time and place for their first time, he wouldn't have picked here and now, but their bodies moved on instinct, craving stimulation as they held each other close. Cas groaned in Dean's ear, and the low sound went straight to Dean's cock. He reached for their underwear, grappling with the waistbands until Cas had lifted his hips away for a moment and then pulling them down to their thighs.
When the kiss ends, Benny withdraws, grinning as he leans back on his hands. “Why don’t you show the angel what else you can do with that mouth of yours?”
Dean has to fight Cas’s hold on his hair to lean forward, making more tears spring to his eyes, but then their lips meet and Dean feels like he’s flying. He almost doesn’t notice it when Cas releases him to get his pants open, but he certainly notices when Cas’s hand is inside his boxers, wrapped around him. Even as good as it feels, Dean breaks the kiss and pushes weakly at Cas. “No, I don’t need – Cas, I want to make you feel good.”
He dared to look up at Sam again, and was instantly reminded of Mom – the way she'd looked at Dean sometimes when he was a kid, when she'd been extra proud of him. The exact same expression was on Sam's face right now: a sappy little grin and eyes that were a little shinier than normal. Dean wondered what Sam could read from his own expression.
Cas’s heart stopped in his chest. “I am,” he blurted. “Into… ‘dudes’. In one way, just… not the other.” He felt his own ears heat until he was sure they matched Dean’s cheeks. It didn’t matter that Dean had wanted to ask him out, he needed to remind himself. Dean was probably not interested in a sex-less relationship.
Dean's cock is bobbing up and down, alternately straining up in search of friction and dipping down into the small pool of precum beneath it. "Look at you," Cas says, and the awe in his voice reveals that he's not unaffected by what they're doing; by the sight of the needles in Dean and the evidence of his arousal. "You're gorgeous like this. So good for me, Dean. Just three more now. Stay with me, and I'll give you what you want."
“I never got the chance to say it back, but I’m saying it now, ‘cause you deserve to hear it. I don’t know how long I’ve been in love with you, Cas, but I know it’s been a long time. I should’ve said it years ago, while we were both alive, but… I’m here now if you want me. Forever, so…” Dean drags a hand over the back of his neck and shifts his weight from one foot to the other. He’s still not nervous; not really. It’s just habits following him from one world to the next. If he’s honest, saying the truth out loud for the first time feels good – especially when Cas looks at him with wonder in his eyes.
Dean unlocked his jaw, releasing Cas’s skin to lay his forehead against the top of his spine instead. “Need a hand on you to come?” Dean never did, during his heats, but he figured asking was the chivalrous thing to do.
but he doesn’t want to go under. He wants to feel every moment of this, so he forces himself to focus his thoughts, to answer Cas when he asks if Dean's all right. To stay here with Cas and the sharp, delicious pain he elicits every time he inserts a new needle, every time he tugs or twists the ones that are already inside.
"Maybe I do." Cas squeezed his hand. It was enough to assuage the worst of Dean's worries that maybe he'd been wrong about the signals Cas had been sending him, but it did nothing to calm his beating heart. He squeezed back, however, and although there was no chance that sleep would come for quite a while yet, he closed his eyes as he made himself more comfortable, inching a tiny bit closer to Cas.
“Of course it’s your place,” Dean interrupted. He should have known this was the reason for Cas’s silence—that he thought he wouldn’t be honouring Dean’s decision if he questioned it. “We’ve been together for four years. You have every right to ask.”
Dean seems to take pity on him; he reaches toward Cas’s face, as if he wants to cup his cheek again, but something’s stopping him. “Don’t be,” he says, hand hovering indecisively between them. “It’s not your fault your head’s been messed with.”
anything this time, which means this is something else, and that knowledge has him hard in an instant, breath hitching as Cas grabs his shirt and shakes him, thrusting his body against the wall. It’s right on the edge of painful, a slight sting in his skull where his head impacted with the wall, and it has Dean breathing hard.
And maybe Cas felt the same way Dean did about those compliments, because he only hummed in response, but a faint smile tugged on his lips as he looked at their hands on Dean's thigh.
“Why?” Cas asks, and Dean doesn’t understand what he means until he continues: “Why do you enjoy it when I mark you?”
Dean blushed as he released himself from Sam's grip. His mind distantly registered the fact that Cas was into dudes and tucked it away for later scrutiny, but right now he was preoccupied with the fact that within the space of just a few minutes, they'd all now found out that
Dean swallowed, stuffing his hands in his pockets to keep them from shaking, but then he changed his mind and took Cas's hands instead; he was going to do this right, even if it meant Cas feeling how nervous he was about this.
“Finding someone else? Dean, I…” Cas interrupted himself and pulled his phone out of his pocket, then strode over to Dean. “Look at my photos,” he implored. “Please.”
"It's beautiful here," he finally said, looking out, and Dean wondered if he was thinking about what they'd talked about the other day. About retiring and moving here. He didn't know if it was feasible; they didn't exactly have enough money for a house, and getting a loan might be hard with fake identities. The last thing Dean wanted if they were to settle down, was to get caught because of paperwork and end up in jail.
Sam wrinkled his nose. “That's… gross, Dean. And of course I’m fine with being around him. You know he just smells like you, right? That’s
"At this point, I'll consider basically any offer," the guy said, which didn't exactly bode well for the state of the house – although from the outside, it seemed to be in pretty good shape. Nothing too old or dilapidated, but of course the inside might be a different story altogether.
Cas, it seemed, had no trouble with baring his flesh, easily discarding the towel before he lay down next to Dean and kissed him, slow and intoxicating. Dean skimmed his fingertips over Cas's side when the kiss ended, and smiled at the goosebumps it drew from Cas.
A couple of minutes later, Dean and Cas had two happy children in their arms, taking turns hugging them before they started running around to explore their uncles' new house, and then it was Sam and Eileen's turn to hug them.
Cas takes the pillow from him and places it next to his own before he takes Dean’s hand and pulls gently. “Hello, Dean,” he says with a smile, and that seems to be what it takes for Dean to relax and let Cas pull him as close as he’d like – which is to say, until they’re pressed against each other in an embrace.
Dean let his eyes glide over the vista in front of them, lingering on the luminous, golden clouds above where the sun was setting behind the mountains, before he turned back to Cas, smiling. His smile quickly faded when he saw Cas lower the phone from where he’d taken another selfie, and he felt like someone had deposited a heavy rock in his chest.
"Mmm," Cas croaked, blinking his eyes open, wrapping his limbs around Dean like an octopus and pulling him in. "Can I wake up like this every day?"
When Dean finally pulls down Cas's pants and helps him step out of them, he ends up unexpectedly (although how he didn't expect it, he's not sure) close to an angel boner stretching Cas's boxer briefs out in front of him.
Dean's vocabulary is limited at the moment, but he knows Cas won't judge him for it. "Amazing. So, so good. Love it."
Dean's breath caught in his throat. He couldn't help but wonder about the "you"; was it plural or… singular? He didn't mean
Dean tried to fill the wait with research that might help them reverse the spell, but he found it hard to concentrate. The thought of Cas in heat in the back of the Impala was distracting. Dean could just see him in his mind: sweating right through his shirt and jacket, maybe even his trenchcoat. His pants would be getting soaked with slick. Maybe he was making desperate little moans like Dean had done during heats when he was younger, before he got better at controlling himself.
“Well, hell.” Benny’s smile is crooked and shows a row of pearly white teeth that aren’t his fangs, but still make him look ever so slightly predatory. Or maybe it’s the glint in his eyes that does it. “I’m glad you decided to join us, Angel.”
There’s a silence; Dean seems at a loss, but then one of Benny’s hands makes its way to his thigh underneath the blanket, making him blush. “Well, I, for one, would like to pick up where we left off earlier.”
the auroras. God created the Earth and its inhabitants, but he allowed us – the angels – to help make the Earth beautiful for the humans."
“Fancy meeting you here. What flag is that?” Dean nodded to the black, grey, white and purple flag Cas was almost dragging into the ground by now, and he quickly raised it again.
“Dean,” was all Cas managed to say, but it didn’t stop Dean from smiling at him, like he always did.
There’s no darkness behind the windows, nor is there anything covering them up or shrouding them, yet Dean still can’t see through them.
“Okay, that’s it,” Dean growls, more from embarrassment than anger. “Conversation over.” He turns the music up again, and thankfully Cas seems content to drop the issue, humming along to the song as if everything is normal. And when Cas still hasn’t mentioned it again when they go to bed in a new motel that night, Dean thinks maybe it can be.
"Bobby, you traitor. You're on my—" Dean didn't get to finish the sentence before he had a mouthful of snow, generously put there by Cas. He spat it out and tried to flip Cas over onto his back, but he wouldn't budge. That was what it was like to wrestle an angel, Dean supposed. A cheating, no-good angel who used his (greatly diminished, but still no match for a human) powers for evil.
The guy agreed, but he refused to go in with Dean and Sam. Dean didn't know if he should expect rotting floorboards that they might fall through, but when they opened the door and went inside, it looked… fine. Good, even. It seemed newer – or at least more recently renovated – than Dean had expected. There was no reason that he could see that the guy would have to sell the house cheap.
"Say the words, Dean. Please.“ Maybe Cas is greedy, maybe he shouldn’t need more than the confirmation he’s already been given, but he does.
Something soft hit his head suddenly, and he looked down as it fell to the floor. “What the…?” He felt his cheeks heat up when he saw what it was, and looked around to see who could have thrown it. He caught sight of red hair whirling around as its owner turned quickly away from them, and Dean didn’t know whether he should be thankful or mortified.
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose for a moment, and then he shook his head. “Congratulations on finally getting your heads out of your asses, I guess, but
Sam's face was one of astonishment. "Dean, are you kidding me?" Then he lit up in a smile. "We'd love that. The kids would be ecstatic to have you here, and Eileen and I wouldn't have to worry about you guys."
“If you didn’t want to hear about that, I doubt you want me to answer that question,” Cas says, which shuts Dean right up, because yeah, he probably doesn’t. “What did you think?” Cas asks instead, throwing the question back at Dean.
all sweaty and rumpled, looking feverish. He knew this was what he looked like during heats, but it was one thing to see it in the mirror and another entirely to see it from outside himself, without the brain fog his heats always brought with them.
They did, in fact, make snow angels, but that only lasted until Cas decided to roll over into Dean's angel, tucking himself against Dean's side. "I'm not particularly fond of angels," he said by way of explanation. "I much prefer you."
"Yeah, okay." Dean cleared his throat as he stepped onto the porch. The kids were already inside. "A chick-flick moment wasn't what I was going for there, but, uh, thanks."
“Hey.” Dean nudged Cas gently. “They adore you. No one blames you for needing some rest. You’re not used to spending New Year’s with some twenty-odd friends and family members.”
Dean’s feet had other ideas, however, carrying him to Cas’s bed, where Cas sat up and reached for Dean, pulling him into his arms. It should feel strange to get a naked embrace from someone who looked like himself, but all Dean felt was his arousal burning hotter than ever as Cas nosed at his neck, breathing the scent in deeply. There was a deep thrum within him, pulsing, pushing for something he knew he shouldn’t take.
“Right.” Dean ignores the look Cas is giving him, although seeing it out of the corner of his eye makes him break out into a sweat for some reason he can't pinpoint. “Good. Okay, she told us to get comfortable, so...” He begins shrugging off his flannel and very carefully does not look to see what Cas might be taking off. When he’s down to his pants and underwear – both of which he’s planning on keeping on until Alicia comes back – he chances a look at Cas, who has taken a seat in a recliner in a reading nook close to the bed. He is still fully dressed, even wearing his damn trenchcoat.
"Why not?" Bobby piped up, forehead wrinkled up in a frown as if he disapproved of the fact. "Don't you love him?"
Dean doesn’t know if he walks for hours or days or even weeks; seconds blur into minutes blur into hours in this place. He doesn’t need to eat, doesn’t need to sleep, he just walks and keeps walking. It reminds him of another afterlife, another journey through a forest, only then he knew what he was trying to accomplish. It’s less clear now, but the thumps in his chest still sound the same.
Dean had hoped that a road trip would help. Lately, Cas had been… not distant, exactly. He was still affectionate when he was actually paying attention to Dean. But there was something off, something… Dean didn’t want to call it “suspicious”, because he didn’t want to be that guy who didn’t trust his partner, but… well. This behaviour had been going on for months now.
"Hot chocolate!" Charlie shouted, throwing her hands in the air and running to the front door on other side of the house, where the broom for brushing snow off their clothes and boots was, her brother following close behind.
“Dude.” Sam spread his arms in a ‘What the fuck?’ gesture. “Why are you hiding in here? You need to go talk to Cas, help him cope with this. He’s not doing too good, Dean. You should have heard the noises coming from him in the car.”
Dean and Sam were on their way back from the grocery store when Dean saw the guy. There was nothing remarkable about the man himself, but next to him, in front of a white house, was a "for sale" sign, another sign that said FULLY FURNISHED, and he was putting up a third sign that said CHEAP.
“Um,” came Sam’s voice through the speaker, and didn’t that two-letter word just bode well? “Right, so it happened to you too? I mean, no, yeah, I can tell from your voice. And no, we can’t fix it from here. Cas is… pretty incapacitated right now.”
Dean somehow forgets they’re not alone in the room until he feels Alicia’s hands on him again. He almost expects to be asked to remove Cas's underwear as well, but instead, Alicia begins removing Dean's pants, reaching her hands around from behind to work the button open. Cas takes it as his cue to sit down on the recliner, and then Dean is being undressed in front of him while he looks up at Dean with dark eyes.
"Because I want to enjoy a nice evening alone in front of the TV with you, Dean." Dean's mind halted. That sounded awfully romantic, and he wondered if Cas knew that it came off that way. "I want to watch something nice, not a rerun of a bad TV show."
Dean didn't even have to think about it. "Yeah. Yeah, it was… magical." Not just because of the lights themselves, but because Cas had made them for him; because they'd that moment together, watching them.
"Dean, do you mind telling me why we're looking at a house for sale?" Sam finally asked now that they were alone.
“I promise. I’ll, um. I’ll think of a safeword.” He’s not even sure if Cas knows what that is, but either he knows more about human sexuality than Dean thought or he’s been researching before coming to Dean’s room, because he nods, looking pleased.
Cas nodded. “He has forgiven you, Dean. As have I. And… I have no intentions of ‘playing family’ with Kelly.”
"Yes, you forgot something in here," Cas called back, and Dean went back, wondering what he'd forgotten to bring. He was met in the doorway by Cas, and… oh, Cas wasn't holding anything for Dean to bring back out with him, or even letting Dean past him into the kitchen. But he was standing close to Dean, and getting closer, a happy smile on his face as he tilted his face to the side as he came closer still. Dean's heart started beating like crazy, and his eyelashes fluttered like he was in a damn Disney movie while his body decided it would be a great idea to lean closer to Cas. He was happy no one was in the dining room at the moment to see, because he was pretty sure Cas was going to— That they were about to have their first—
"Uh, yeah, so." He scratched his neck as they walked through the hall and began going up the stairs, looking at the walls, the floors, anything that might look damaged in any way. "Cas and I were talking about maybe… retiring. Finding someplace else to live. Somewhere around here, maybe, so we can be close to you guys. Unless you'd rather only have us in small doses throughout the year."
Despite Cas’s love for putting Dean in subspace, he always understands when Dean just needs to be there in the moment; to be present. "Stay with me. Tell me how this feels, Dean."
“She wants me to watch you have sex with her?” Cas finally asks, his tone perfectly neutral, and Dean curses him silently for being able to just… come out and
The mystery became even more… well, mysterious, when they came home and saw that Eileen's car was gone. They locked themselves into the house, and… everyone was gone.
“Hey. Kid.” Maybe not the greatest start, but Dean thinks he can be forgiven. He’s family, after all. “Jack or… God, or whatever I should call you these days. I don’t know if you’re around anymore, except in… I don’t know, everything. I don’t know if you’re – if you’re you anymore, but if you are, then I could really use some guidance. I don’t know how to do this Heaven stuff, and I just – I need to find Cas, all right? I need to see him again.”
"Uh, sweetie, you can't come up here right now," he said to the girl, trying to maneuver Charlie out of the bed without the blankets slipping too far down while Cas was doing the same thing with Bobby on his side.
Dean doesn’t know how to begin to unpack everything that’s happened, how to begin the conversation that needs to happen. He only knows that Cas never heard the prayer where he said the words back, and maybe that’s the reason his mouth takes over and makes the decision for him.
The kids were waiting in front of the Christmas tree, a present each on their lap when Dean and Cas came out of their room, and Sam and Eileen were there too. Dean guessed that Eileen knew already; there was a glint in her eye as she greeted them that gave away her amusement, but mostly she just looked happy. Happy for them. Dean appreciated it, and he hoped it showed in his own expression.
When the kids were asleep, Dean and Cas went into the living room and made themselves comfortable on the couch with the snacks and drinks Sam had bought for them earlier that day as thanks for watching the kids. The lights were turned down, and Cas lit the candles on the table, which was what Eileen always did when it was dark outside and they all sat down to watch something on TV. Cas must have decided he liked watching movies by candlelight.
Dean shook his head. "Nah. I remember seeing pictures of it as a kid, though. It seemed so distant from all the crap we were dealing with, y'know? It seemed kinda… I dunno, magical, or something." He shrugged, kinda embarrassed at the admission, but hell, if anyone was allowed to think something was "magical", it was children. Not that Dean had ever really had the opportunity to be a child.
The bad thing about Sam and Eileen living all the way up in Vermont was that it was usually hard to find the time to visit unless there happened to be a hunt in the area, or Dean manned up enough to get his ass on a plane, like he had this time. The good thing about them living in Vermont was… well. This. The children had insisted on dragging him and Cas out to the backyard for a snowball fight, and they were now all playing in the snow, bundled up in warm winter jackets, hats, scarves and ski pants.
“You like this,” Cas murmurs in his ear, voice almost gentle now, and it’s only then that everything clicks into place for Dean. Yeah. Yeah, he
"Dinner's ready," Eileen said, as if she could read Dean's mind – or more likely, Dean's facial expression as he took in the inviting smell. Neither he nor Cas had to be told twice, and in no time, they had stowed away their bags in the guest room and were seated with the rest of the family at the dinner table.
Dean froze, breath stuck in his chest. "You mean…?" He only barely dared to gesture between the two of them.
"So, uh." Dean scratched his neck and then faced away from Cas to turn off the overhead light. It was a coincidence that the near-darkness happened to hide his blush as he walked to the bed while he continued speaking. "The kids went kinda crazy earlier today. With the, um. Trying to get us together thing."
Cas's hand came up to cup Dean's cheek, and when he spoke, they were close enough that their lips brushed together, just barely. "You forgot this."
Maybe he lost himself a bit in thought, staring at Cas's hands, because Cas met his eyes with a warm, amused smile as if he could tell that Dean wasn't following what they were talking about anymore. He probably could.
“What do you think?” Apparently, being miserable brought out the sarcasm in Cas, but his tone changed into one of desperation as he continued. “Dean… Oh. Dean, I need…”
"Coffee?" He pushed his own mug at Cas, who accepted it, their fingers brushing together, before he went back inside the kitchen to pour himself a new mug.
“No.” Dean hangs his head. “Sorry. I didn’t mean—” He’s unable to continue when a lubed finger – Cas must have used his grace, because the lube should still be in the bedside drawer – pushes inside him and makes him gasp.
The second one feels, if possible, better than the first, the sting enhanced by the burning feeling in his skin from the needle already underneath it. Dean's breath stutters, and he's already beginning to wonder whether this may become his new favourite thing for Cas to do to him.
Dean felt a blush coming on, but Cas began to chuckle, laugh lines appearing at the corners of his eyes, and Dean couldn't help but release a relieved laugh of his own.
Dean knew why he and Sam had had to come up with an excuse for leaving the house earlier in the day, namely a certain poltergeist (which had now been ganked) and a certain deed (that had now been signed). What he didn't understand was why Eileen and Sam had made up an excuse to send him and Cas off to the store now; it wasn't as if they were running out of food, toilet paper or anything else essential, and Sam had been looking pretty shifty-eyed when he'd asked them if they could take his car and go. Besides, it was kinda messing up Dean's plan to show Cas the house right away.
Dean chuckles and shakes his head. “You absolute lunatic, Cas, asking me to marry you minutes after our first kiss.”
Once again, Cas finds that he needs to hear it. “Do you want that, Dean?” He steps forward, finally, and sits down on the edge of the bed, close to Dean. He reaches out, fingertips barely skimming over Dean’s side where the blanket doesn’t cover him, and Dean’s breath stutters.
The thing is, after that… it keeps happening. Dean would like to be able to claim that it’s Cas’s fault every time, but he has found himself asking the women he’s flirting with if they would mind an audience, and if they say no... well, he moves on to someone else.
The fire  was already burning in the barnyard by the time they made it outside, and everyone was standing around it in the snow or sitting on the improvised log benches John had made – apart from Uncle Bobby, whose wheelchair was placed right next to one of the logs, where he and John were getting nostalgic and talking about old times.
"Night, sweetie." Sam and Eileen were putting the kids to bed, and Dean and Cas were waiting in the doorway for their turn to say good night to the kids. "Night, kiddo. You guys be good for Uncle Dean and Uncle Cas now, okay?"
Cas smiled gently at Dean after the hug, and they looked at each other maybe a moment too long, because that was the moment the kids went crazy again about the fact that Dean and Cas both liked men, urging them to kiss because there was
“My bed is big enough for all of us,” he says, which is how Dean ends up on it even though he’s just there to watch. He reclines against the pillows, shirtless, and pulls off his pants while Matthew and Cas undress each other, and God, it’s confusing to be so close to two guys who are about to fuck. For a moment he wonders if he’s even going to be able to get it up this time, and he leaves his underwear on in case he won’t, but it turns out that’s not going to be a problem when Matthew sticks his hand inside Cas’s boxers and gets him moaning.
