“We’re going to get Cas from the Empty,” Dean declares. And just like that, the plan is put out there. Sam stares at Dean, incredulous, and Dean smirks. He knows he needs to rest, and he shall for now. For now, he will live as Castiel asked him to – to reconnect with the people around him and to live with hope. Because now, he has hope. Soon, the planning will begin.
It is dinnertime by the time Castiel leaves the library, now armed with knowledge on the objective indicators of attractiveness for humans. He understands that such standards change throughout the ages, and in his research, Castiel was careful to corroborate what he read with images of seemingly popular individuals he found on the internet.
. He finds a wall to lean on and feels the paper-thin veils he has put up to protect himself getting torn down by the claws of reality. Dark, oppressive truth bears down, straining the walls of this elaborate set, and they collapse. The set is undone. Dean’s legs buckle below him and he slumps down the wall until he is on the ground. He brings his knees up and sinks his face into them, breathing in and letting out a shuddering sob as he becomes vaguely aware of Castiel moving with hesitation and kneeling down beside him.
“No – I mean, - yes, damn it, I’m fine, Cas,” Dean dissolves into giggles as he feels some tears coming up. He is not sure if they are tears from the rather unpleasant sensation of choking on one’s saliva or tears of sorrow; sorrow at Castiel’s description of what has been
Castiel gives no reply and Dean steals another quick look. Castiel is looking at his hands, his fingers, seemingly fascinated by how his joints and muscles function as he clenches and unclenches his fists. The Impala passes by a quiet, open field, and Dean makes an executive decision for this field to be their destination. He slows the Impala to a halt and Castiel finally looks up. “We’re stopping here?” he asks with a tilt to his head.
“I’m not sure, Dean; but I think – you’d remember, of course, the handprint you found on your shoulder when you were brought out of hell?”
“Since you ruined my sleep by subjecting me to the desolation of Minnesotan winter in the morning, you can go get started cooking,” Castiel grumbles.
Dean nods and gets up to pack the rest of the items. They trudge back to the parking lot as the wind picks up and quickly sheltered in the car with Dean riding shotgun. Castiel was just about to back out of the lot when Dean speaks.
“But that means I will lose you. Again,” says Dean, his voice small, eyes downcast. Castiel lets go of Dean's hands and raise his to cup Dean's face. He gently raises Dean's face.
Dean jerks his gaze away from his plate and towards Castiel. His eyes flit away to Sam, then to Eileen, back to Sam, and then to Castiel again. Castiel sits, expectant. Dean clears his throat.
, Dean,” says Castiel. Dean notices that Castiel’s hands are trembling, so he reaches out to grab them gently in an attempt to calm Castiel. Castiel recoils slightly at the touch but allows his hands to rest in Dean’s as he stares at them. He grounds himself with the touch to recollect himself, then he looks back up at Dean with fiery determination in his eyes.
“I don’t understand. How are you encouraging me? The last time I was in a djinn dream, everyone was asking me to stay and I had to stab myself to end it,” Dean says and takes a deep breath. That memory only brings back even more faces of the people he has lost. He instead focuses on Castiel’s thumbs brushing his hands. “How are you encouraging this, if it means your end, Cas?”
Castiel loves him and that he loves Castiel back, but he cannot shake off the feeling that those three words are so utterly foreign in his mouth, they may as well be Enochi –
want to know of. He feels a rush he hasn’t felt in a while, having become accustomed to predictability and safety, and Castiel looks at Dean with a furtive glance through the corner of his eye. Dean looks on ahead, hands on the steering wheel.
Silence follows as the trio stares at Castiel and he feels his heart quicken – a sensation he is still getting used to as a human, and not a particularly pleasant sensation at that. The silence has to mean something. Maybe he is not attractive. Maybe they are shocked to hear him ask that question given how unattractive he is. Sam is the first one to break the silence.
whether you’re hot?” asks Dean. He feels a flush coming onto his cheeks at his unintended word choice and gives silent thanks to the fact that it is the middle of the night and Castiel can’t see it, not that Castiel seemed to notice.
Silence settles again, this time uncomfortable and stilted, far colder than their surroundings. Castiel gives in, gets up from his stool, and crouches on the ice before Dean. He places one hand on Dean’s knee, the other wrapping his blue scarf tighter around his neck.
“I know this is strange for you, Dean; but it is strange for me as well,” Castiel explains, hoping to make sense of it, not just for Dean, but for himself as well. “I have memories of my life before meeting you: childhood, high school; yet – for some reason I’ve always known that I
“It’s – it’s nothin’, Cas,” Dean says as his fit of giggles dies down. He takes a few deep breaths to calm himself down, palms his eyes in an attempt to hide the tears, and faces Castiel again.
Dean feels white-hot needles prickling at his eyes, tears pooling and threatening to spill over. He closes his eyes and allows them to do so just as Castiel reaches out and grabs Dean’s arms. It is steadying; real. He opens his eyes, only to see Castiel looking at him with a strange mixture of emotions: grief, melancholy, joy, peace. Dean forces himself to speak, if only to break the silence and because he knows Castiel is expecting something, and this time, Dean has to provide.
“Dean, you’re overreacting,” Castiel responds with a frown as he sets his cup down. “I don’t mean that – ”
Castiel sighs quietly, annoyed at being cut off and slightly frustrated that finding a straight answer for such a simple question (
Castiel responds by pulling the blanket over his face and scooting closer to Dean. He lets out a deep sound, a bit of a growl, a bit of a whine. Dean smiles and braces himself for what he is about to do – he whips the blanket off both of them, not without regret at the loss of heat, but with immense pleasure as Castiel groans.
It is dark in the room. If this was summer, there would have been the sound of crickets chirping outside, but not tonight. On this winter night, there is only silence, punctuated only by the breathing of two men.
” Sam moves towards Dean as he sees his brother starting to pace backwards, his eyes darting around but not focusing on anything in particular. “Dean, listen to me, this isn’t rea – ”
“Both,” Castiel says as he shifts closer to Dean. He places a hand upon Dean’s thigh and motions to the cup. Dean reaches for it and gives it a light slurp before bringing it down and staring at the final swirls of steam. Dean’s grip on it remains tight.
? How are you using your angel mojo?” Dean asks as Castiel passes the steaming cup of tea to him. Dean sets the cup onto the table without taking a sip and stares at it, hard. Castiel settles beside him and tries to draw Dean’s gaze to him.
“Imagine being tempted with something you naturally crave,” says Castiel. “But the moment you reach for it, you’re immediately punished for it by being pulled into the Great Beyond. You may survive, you may not, but the point is if you return, you will never be the same again. You will be scarred. And all for what? Isn’t that just cruel?”
They sit atop the frozen lake on their little stools with fishing poles in hand. Granted, it is a cold day, but the wind is weak and the sun is strong, making it a rather pleasant experience.
Between the occasional hunts, Castiel spends most of his time reading, be it fiction or non-fiction. He finds it a good way to keep himself entertained yet learn about the human condition at the same time. He reads widely, but he also tends to devour any literature he can get his hands on about gardening and beekeeping, much to the rest of the Bunker’s bemusement, considering how there are no opportunities to put that knowledge to practice. Castiel is not deterred – the theory is enough to keep his mind engaged, and truth be told, he is waiting for the day they move out, whoever “they” refer to.
“Dean! You’re awake!” he cries. Dean returns the hug with enthusiasm, happy to be with his brother again.
Dean watches Sam’s jaw set, lips pursing, though he is not sure why. Perhaps Sam had an argument with Jess? In any case, it is not something for him to probe into at this juncture.
“Yeah, about that,” Sam squints at the memory. “Angel flight while you’re aware isn’t pleasant, in a dream or not. But, the thing is – Cas told me he would help you out of the dream, so I’m guessing… he did?”
Castiel wakes up to the sound of the alarm he has set, the room still dark save for the glow of the night light. His eyes adjust and Castiel finds himself wishing, not for the first time, that they lived somewhere with windows so he can feel the sunlight streaming in, warming up the room and his skin.
“One of the things we’d look at would be the wings. The colour, the shine, the wingspan – they all matter. Angel forms are varied, but certain animal faces are deemed more attractive than others.”
Dean takes a proper look at Castiel to his side now, and just as he does, the Impala passes under a streetlamp – and another. The streams of yellow light glide over Castiel’s features and Dean’s breath catches, not for the first time, at Castiel’s profile. Castiel looks to Dean, and their eyes meet for a moment.
“I meant whether I’m physically attractive. By human standards. I was just curious,” explains Castiel.
Dean tears himself from the hug and wipes his tears away before reaching for the angel blade on the floor beside them. He brings it up, blade pointed to his chest and notices that he is shaking. He closes his eyes, takes a few calming breaths, and looks to Castiel who has placed his hands on Dean’s knees to maintain some sort of touch.
This would be a strange sight if there was anyone else material in this world to witness this scene. But Castiel knows that he has won; that in the next few seconds, Dean Winchester will be saved, yet again. He feels the glow of triumph for even in death, he can, for the final time, do something for the one he loved; the one he loves; and with the faintest glimmer of hope, perhaps the one he will love.
Dean trudges to the table and gives a grunt of acknowledgement to Castiel who is already sitting there sipping his coffee. Sam, being the health nut that he is, is already out on a jog and has dragged Eileen along with him.
That stops Sam in his tracks, and Castiel could almost see the cogs turning in Sam’s head as he figures out his next move. Sam’s face turns to one of despair and he gives Castiel one of his looks, the one which says “
“Isn’t it strange, Dean? That people would catch fishes for their entertainment, even if they are to be returned to the waters?” questions Castiel.
“Meg did mention your true form was hot,” Dean points out casually. The mention of the demon he became unlikely friends with brings a grin to Castiel’s face. The only being around who was willing to take care of him when he was not fully himself and was more interested in playing Twister than anything else. The demon who, way before Crowley did, showed that
“I texted you yesterday that Cas and I will be out ice fishing today. You’d know we wouldn’t be home now because we came back early only due to –”, Dean breaks off and clears his throat. “Due to the wind picking up and we haven't dressed appropriately. So, back to the point: how are you here?”
It is the middle of the night and the Bunker is dead silent. Everyone is asleep, it appears. Everyone, except for Castiel, former Angel of the Lord.
Dean stares hard at Castiel and Castiel opens his mouth as if to say something, but he closes them again. He slides his hand off Dean’s knee, stands up with a sigh, and moves back to fold his stool up. He drains the last of the coffee, now cold, and caps the Thermos.
,” he finally opens his eyes and glares, but Dean can only look on transfixed. Those deep blue eyes which he saw just last night, not more than eight hours ago, yet he feels like he has never truly
“Damn, Cas. Sam and Eileen already said you’re attractive. What else can I add? You are attractive, alright?” Dean says.
Three words; and a wave of unreality crashes over Dean as he allows himself to drown in Castiel’s gaze. Dean
“It was fine. I had my night light turned on,” Castiel says. Dean pours some coffee into a mug and settles down opposite Castiel.
It is only an hour later, while Castiel works away in his office doing his professor stuff while Dean lazes away in bed when the doorbell rings. Dean decides to get up and gives a perfunctory
He lets his hand glide down Castiel slowly, from his face to his shoulder, down his arm, brushing his hand and fingers, and it finally hangs loosely by his side. “I’d say you’re pretty attractive for a human, Cas,” Dean says to conclude his analysis. Castiel realises that his breaths feel shallow, too frequent, and he feels something strange and indescribable pooling his stomach – another combination of sensory input he has come to experience only as a human, but does not yet understand fully.
That is how Castiel finds himself in front of the bathroom mirror in the dead of night. The fluorescent light casts harsh shadows all over the room but this brings Castiel comfort, as shadows can exist only with the existence of something.
“I brought him somewhere safe, but far away from here,” Castiel says. He moves towards Dean, but Dean moves away.
“Not like we’re going to push our beds together or sumthin’ like that,” Dean shrugs. “Anyway, I’m heading out to stock up on some groceries. Wanna come along?”
Dean lies in Castiel’s embrace – one which feels familiar when Dean knows that it shouldn’t. It has been a few hours since the sky has gone dark and they have retreated into their bed, and it was a few hours well spent with cuddling, sex, and hushed whispers.
Dean wakes up in darkness and for a brief moment, panic wells up in him. He then realises that he is on his bed (he would recognise his memory foam mattress anywhere) and that this is his room in the Bunker. He reaches over to the bedstand and switches the lamp on. The room fills with light and he sees his brother by the side of his bed, seated on the floor and head collapsed on Dean’s mattress.
And that is how Dean, Sam, and Eileen find themselves confronted with a question they never expected from Castiel over dinner. Dean has roasted some chicken because he found some recipe online experimenting with miso as a rub and Sam contributed with some vegetables he bought from the farmers’ market nearby, which Dean has roasted as well. Eileen, feeling the menu to be lacking some sugar, quickly whipped up some parfait for everyone.
Dean clears his throat and rubs the back of his neck. He takes a step back and returns to leaning his back against the Impala.
“Cas, I said I’m fine. Just have some stuff on my mind. If anything, ice fishing should help clear it out, so we’re going.”
“Sorry – you’ve been so fidgety since we left the Bunker, I thought you were possessed,” explains Castiel with a shaky chuckle. “And since I’m not an angel anymore I can’t actually see if you are.”
“Angel biology is, of course, very different from human biology,” Castiel continues. “So, it follows that we have very different indicators of beauty when it comes to our true forms.”
“No, Cas. Because nothing for us has ever been easy," Dean proclaims. "This is my final fight when I'm back out there. I’ll be fighting to get to you because you deserve better. I deserve better.”
“You’re lucky it’s warm enough for me to not be complaining about the cold. As much as I enjoy my job, the prolonged winters here aren’t exactly to my liking,” Castiel says. Dean smirks at that. Castiel is indeed a champion grumbler, and if not for the cloudless sky offering some warmth to their skin and the Thermos of hot coffee beside Castiel, Dean would not be hearing the end of this field trip of theirs.
They are on a dark road to nowhere in particular and it is the first time the silence has been broken since they climbed into the Impala. It is the sort of silence which happens between two people familiar with each other, but not necessarily one which is comfortable. Castiel senses Dean’s nerves and sees him tapping the edge of the steering wheel with his index fingers incessantly. The question seems to have startled him and the silence lasts for a second too long. For a moment, Castiel fears the worst – perhaps Dean is not here; perhaps Dean has been possessed by a demon; or maybe an angel, bent on taking revenge on Castiel for what he has done to Heaven all those years ago; or this is a shapeshifter. Whoever, or whatever this is, is driving him off to a place he does
“Why should I?” Dean whispers. It is barely a question, more a statement and declaration of the desolation he will have to face if he chooses not to rebuild the set, to step back into what is real, even if
Sam looks back, puzzled. Dean straightens himself up in his bed and clears his throat. He pours himself another glass of water and drains it. Sam notices energy in Dean's eyes – something he has not seen in a while.
Castiel hums, whether in agreement or annoyance (or both), Dean isn’t sure. He looks across the expanse of the lake which is littered with other people fishing.
“Ah, yes. The Elk River was particularly beautiful,” smiles Castiel. “I remember the white waters at the rapids and some of the wooden bridges. It was almost like we stepped into a forest out of a fairytale.”
“But what is it specifically? I’ve spent my day reading up about the traits which contemporary humans may find attractive,” says Castiel as he pivots towards Dean. “What do you think, Dean?”
“What? Why?” he replies, a little too fast for Dean’s liking. Dean’s pulse quickens, his breath shallows.
Dean furrows his brows in confusion. He had to steel himself up to ask the question and this was not the response he was expecting.
He quickly whips up some pancake batter – Castiel loves pancakes – and turns on the coffee machine while he waits for the pancakes to cook. Dean looks out of the window and sees a landscape transformed from the previous night by a blizzard. The plan to go ice fishing at one of the lakes out in St Paul should be fine. Soon enough, the smell of coffee draws Castiel into the kitchen and Dean feels a pair of arms wrap around his waist as he drizzles some maple syrup over the pancakes.
Castiel looks at Dean with sincere eyes and reaches a hand over to grasp Dean’s free hand. Dean looks down at it.
face. It has been a gradual realisation – that he does not think of this body as a mere vessel anymore, but rather just his body.  After all, he has been revived numerous times and each time he was put together again in this body, though without the soul and consciousness of James Novak. Staring at himself, he muses if this is a transposition of his true form to a human one; that maybe, this is how he would have looked as a human being. That would explain why James’s body was the perfect vessel for him.
They break from their chatter over dinner and turn their heads to Castiel, who has been unusually quiet this evening.
“Sam. You have to go,” Castiel interrupts. “I know you aren’t here for what you claim to be here for.”
” Dean turns to Castiel with wide eyes, begging him to see from his point of view that this man in front of him is not his brother, not a lawyer who works in a law firm in California. That this
Dean watches Castiel pack up their belongings at his side of the fishing hole and feels his stomach sink. He sits there, alternating between feelings of guilt and confusion, at what he was trying to forget, that which triggered such a strong response from him so deep down in him that the outburst of unspoken emotion scared him so.
Once again, Castiel finds himself at the mercy of another habit he has to get used to as a human. As an angel, he was always able to complete the task at hand with laser-sharp focus. Now, he barely makes it through one paragraph of this novel he is trying to read (
Dean feels his lips curve up just a fraction. “Me too, Cas,” he says. They pause for a few seconds, the blade hanging in the air, poised for Dean to make his move.
“Mmm, I suppose. That said, I can’t even remember what we did last year. Do you? We really must have been indoors the entire time.”
“Cas helped, just as he always has,” says Dean. He looks to Sam. “But this time, we will help him, Sammy.”
, Dean thinks. He turns his eyes away from Castiel and stares out of the windscreen. The drive back won’t take long – the lake is only about thirty minutes out of downtown, but he figures he could use a nap. Dean fakes sleeping all the way back to the apartment building with nary a word exchanged between them in the car. When Castiel finally parks the car in the apartment garage, he goes over to Dean’s side and gently shakes him awake. They return to the apartment together, but as soon as Castiel makes sure that Dean is in bed, he retreats to his office.
It takes a while before Castiel could get Dean up onto the sofa. He goes to the kitchen to make some tea – hopefully calming enough – for Dean, and returns to Dean on the sofa, hands rubbing his face.
deserve better, Cas,” and Dean pulls Castiel into a bone-crushing hug. He feels the salt of tears start to sting his eyes as he breathes in Castiel’s scent greedily. He tries to remember Castiel’s warmth, to memorise the outline of Castiel’s torso pressed against his, and he feels the beginning of an inhale as Castiel speaks into his ear.
“Heh, yea, fairies. Perfect for us,” Dean chuckles. A silence falls between them again as they wait patiently for a snag. This goes on for another hour or so, punctuated only by the occasional conversation between the two of them.
“Just thought it’d be nice to surprise you. We’ve had a bit of a lull in our caseload recently and I finally found some free time, so why not?”
Dean finally brings his eyes up to meet Castiel’s. It lingers for just a second, and Dean flicks his eyes back to the cup. It is a cold day, and the steam starts to fade.
He notices Dean looking down at his own feet with hands in his pocket and he seems to be struggling to stay still, as if teetering on the edge about something, but it only lasts for a few seconds. Dean looks up.
Sam reaches for the pitcher on the bedstand – a miracle Dean did not knock that over in the dark – and pours a glass of water for Dean to hand it to him. Dean sits up and gulps it down while Sam looks on and he senses a question from Sam. Dean figures he knows what the question is. He swallows the last of the water with a satisfied sigh.
He makes his way back without any mishaps and switches on the night light in the corner of his room. It is just bright enough to provide a soft glow, but not enough to disrupt his sleep. Castiel crawls into his bed and pulls the blanket up around him. It is particularly thick – as an angel, he never had to deal the issues of temperature and body heat, so he constantly finds himself feeling too cold now. He figures that living underground does not help the situation, but is grateful enough for a roof over his head. Castiel snuggles further into folds of the blanket, closes his eyes while conscious of the faint glow of the night light permeating through his eyelids, then allows himself to fall asleep. It was not restful.
“Just part of the surprise, Dean. If Jess was coming, you know she wouldn’t be able to keep it to herself,” Sam swallows and forces a smile. Dean presses on.
Castiel does not react for a few seconds, then turns to lean his side onto the Impala. He smiles – that private, face-down smile which warms his face when he wishes to imprint a moment in time onto his memories; when he opens his heart in a silent outpour of affection.
day, without you getting into some hissy fit over how I live my life,” Dean says through gritted teeth. He reels the line in and drops the fishing pole with a clatter. “This was supposed to be fun, Cas. Just chillin’. And you want to make it into some attack on me just because I happen to
“I think – you have known me as an angel for almost the entire time we were together, so your subconscious probably constructed me as an angel. Not that this was necessarily made aware to you, of course, since that would have very easily broken the dream you were,” he pauses to correct himself.
“I – never mind. Anyway, I already told you, Dean. Just dropping by. Besides, why are you treating me like I’m not welcome here?” Sam shrugs his jacket off. Dean pauses at this and considers Sam’s question. He could not, for the life of him, explain why he feels uneasy, but he just knows that this is wrong. Sam takes Dean’s silence for acceptance and sinks back into the sofa.
“And that’s not the only reason, Dean. This whole – ” Castiel gestures with his arms swinging in vague directions. “predicament; being human – it is something completely unfamiliar to me, and I’m trying to learn as much as I can, as fast as I can. I’m still getting used to the fact that this body is me from now on, and beyond this, there is just so much more to learn about being
Palm still in place, he brushes his fingers through Castiel’s hair on the side. “Your dark brown hair provides a nice contrast to the blue of your eyes, and I remember seeing on some Internet survey that dark hair and light eyes are deemed the most attractive combination. The way your hair can get messy but still looks good helps too,” he teases.
They stare at each other for what feels like an eternity. Castiel begins to think that timelessness is not specific to the Empty.
, Cas, you have to help me out here”. Seeing no response but cold impassivity, he turns to Dean and takes a deep breath before speaking as fast as he could.
“I don’t know if you can do that,” Castiel grimaces. Dean moves to the floor, one hand still gripping Castiel’s hand, the other holding the angel blade.
“What? No. I’m fine, Cas,” he turns back to the plates and finishes it up with some strawberries. “Could you bring these to the table? I’ll get the coffee.”
He gives Castiel’s coffee a final stir and brings the two cups out of the kitchen. He goes through the doorway to see Castiel sliding into his chair in a hurry.
Castiel’s face hardens and he gives Dean’s face a gentle tap. He reaches to the bedstand, takes the angel blade laying on it, and presses it onto Dean’s chest. The action is done with care to ensure Castiel does not end up killing Dean. After all, to wake up, Dean has to do this himself. Dean looks down at the blade and recalls the last time he had to kill himself in a djinn dream to wake up – 13 years ago, even before Castiel came into his life. He does not fear this act for he knows that he will not feel the blade going through his chest, ending this life of his. But that does not mean the act will be painless.
Dean pulls back and sees that Castiel is crying too. He brings one of his hands up to wipe the tears off of his beloved’s face and musters a watery smile.
“Dean, I can’t figure out if I’m attractive by human standards,” Castiel explains. He takes a step towards Dean and Dean takes a step back. “Maybe you can offer some clarity?”
Dean brushes his thumb over Castiel’s eyelids. “Your blue eyes; statistically they’re uncommon for humans, and that’s probably one reason why people find blue eyes attractive. I’d imagine iridescent black feathers are deemed attractive for similar reasons.”
“You were complaining to me over the phone just a week ago about an upcoming trial and all the submissions you have to prepare,” Dean says as he edges to the sofa where Sam is sitting. Unease pools in his gut. “Also, where’s Jess? I know she’d kill you if you came to meet me without bringing her along.”
Dean moves his face behind Castiel’s arm and squints in the rough direction of where Castiel points at. He sees three stars, the brightest ones in that expanse, positioned in an almost-isosceles triangle.
He slides his hand down Castiel’s face. “Your stubble – well – who doesn’t like a well-stubbled man?”
“My wings were big to accommodate my true form’s size. The wingspan would have been from here…” Castiel traces a pointed finger across the sky and Dean follows it. “To here.”
“Pike is supposed to be pretty abundant here in Lake Phalen,” says Dean. “Maybe you’ll get lucky – beginner’s luck, you know?”
He has narrowed it down to several factors when it comes to human males. Having some height seems to be important. Facial symmetry is important as well, though Castiel finds it difficult to wrap his head around that since his true form had multiple faces. For some reason, humans see the leg-body ratio as a measure of attractiveness too. Facial structure? Eye colour? Hair colour? Voice? There are countless variables and when Castiel tried to gauge himself against them in front of a full-length mirror he found in one of the Bunker’s many rooms, he realised it to be an endeavour beyond his limited human experience. Needless to say, he gives up in record time.
, Castiel thinks, and it occurs to him that the paradigm has truly shifted. That home is no longer a place he returns to like it has always been with Heaven. Home is the people he returns to, the ones whom he chooses to spend his now-mortal life with. A home that is not necessarily permanent in a locality, but absolute in its temporality and in love. He turns to Dean and watches as the orange glow of the streetlamps pass over his features.
Dean closes his eyes and conjures the image of Castiel in the inky darkness before him. He takes a final steadying breath.
“Not really, Cas. I grew up travelling on highways and navigating with maps, not the stars of the sky,” says Dean. He sees Castiel begin to roll his eyes as he lowers his arms. Dean has always found that to be endearing, but he keeps it to himself. “But yes, I can see the triangle.”
“Uh – you’re welcome?” he returns with a questioning look, but Castiel has already moved away and is opening the door on his side. Dean clambers out from the driver’s seat too, and Dean moves over to Castiel’s side off the side of the road. They lean against the side of the Impala and look up to the sky, a black canvas punctuated by uncountable stars. They enjoy the view for a few minutes in silence, then Castiel raises a hand and points to a certain part of the sky.
“Cas?” Sam’s eyes light up. “Cas! Of course, I’m Sam! You need to get Dean to calm down, I have no idea why he is being like that.”
“You are, Cas,” says Eileen. She leans over and lays a reassuring hand on his arm. “You’re an attractive man and you should know that.”
He decides to put the book aside to retreat to the sanctuary of his room. Sam and Eileen are already in theirs,and Dean is nowhere to be found. This doesn’t bother Castiel much as Dean has always been the private sort, which is why Castiel finds himself surprised when he bumps into Dean just as he leaves the library.
Castiel hums in affirmation, heart still jumping in his throat, but he keeps his expression neutral.
, it’s just – Dean, I’m still getting used to being human: learning human customs, understanding human standards – I’ve been in a human body all this time you’ve known me, but I’ve never got the chance to stop and immerse myself, even when I did lose my grace all those years ago. You could say that I’m approaching this from more of an… academic perspective.”
Dean licks his lips. ‘Whatever. Knock yourself out.’ But he is quick to shuck his overshirt and push his t-shirt up, revealing his shoulder. There’s a light in his eyes that wasn’t there when Castiel found him and his breathing is a little shallower.
Jack shrugs the dismissal off, but Cas gives him a considering look. Dean’s just glad Sam had gone off with Eileen to get lunch, not knowing what he’d do with
Castiel narrows his eyes, crossing his arms over his stomach. ‘Fine. But you can’t go up the stairs.’
The smile Cas gives him, then, is self-satisfied and Dean rolls his eyes but he gets it, gets Cas’s concern. Cas is closer to human than angel, now, and sometimes freaks out about it. Dean tends to bear the brunt of it, with Cas nagging at him to take better care of himself, but it’s weirdly nice in a way. And part of him still feels guilty he wasn’t there for Cas last time, so if this is what it takes for Cas to adjust, then Dean can stand a little nagging.
lovers, though Dean wouldn’t use the word himself. ‘But I think it’s kind of bigger than all of them, too. It’s not in the show or movie, but in the novel, Spock thinks of Kirk as his t’hy’la.’ And, yeah, Dean sounds like the biggest nerd, right now, but it’s a testament to how comfortable he is with Cas that he doesn’t care.
Dean huffs and shakes his head. ‘You sure know how to make a guy feel special,’ he says, but the tightness in his chest eases, and he manoeuvres the cart around Cas.
‘You told him to prove he wasn’t a bad kisser, and then he said he was going to prove it while he was right in your face.’ When Dean doesn’t reply, Sam says, ‘What did you
‘You dropped this.’ Dean hands over the wallet, stupidly pleased that their fingers brush. How can a small, casual touch, still thrill him?
Cas grunts and pokes at some boots. It strikes Dean how weird it is to do something so normal as shopping for clothes together, when barely a week ago Dean thought Cas was gone forever. His stomach churns at the thought and he grabs a pair of jeans off a nearby rack, shoving them at Cas.
Castiel is dizzy with it and has to pull away, catch his breath. Steady himself. It doesn’t help, though, not with the way Dean is looking at him. He has witnessed the birth of stars, the very first sunrise, things beyond human comprehension, but none of it compares to the look in Dean’s eyes.
The cabin is tucked behind a copse of pine trees at the end of a narrow, winding road, barely wider than the Impala. Dean had handled the twists and turns as deftly as ever, a particular easiness in him that Castiel only sees when he’s driving. Castiel had relished the chance to watch from the passenger seat, barely paying attention to the passing scenery, basking in Dean’s calm, despite his own apprehension at being alone with Dean after his confession.
Because Dean might be exhausted and wrung out, but he’s also more turned on than he has been in a long time. Every now and then the cloth slips, and Cas’s thumb or the tips of his fingers brush Dean’s bare skin, and Dean has to bite his lip against the pathetic little noises trying to escape him. He wonders if Cas knows what this is doing to him and how he’d feel about it if he did know.
A shuddering breath escapes Cas, cold air puffing over Dean’s wet shoulder, and he says, ‘Just try.’
At Dean’s slow nod, Cas pushes at his shoulders until Dean is lying down, Cas sitting by his hip. ‘Um.’
Sam asks Dean if he ever thinks about something more, something with another hunter, and Dean doesn’t tell him he’s been thinking about it for years.
Dean’s hands still. He tries to connect the dots from back rubs to sandwiches and comes up short. ‘Huh?’
There was Purgatory, the first time, but Dean thought Cas would get out with him. That he could tell him later.
He doesn’t know if he feels this way because of the mark, or if there’s part of Cas that calls to Dean. Something deeper than divinity. Something kindred.
‘A bit, yeah,’ Dean says, tension slowly draining from him. ‘But I’ve been a dumbass enough times over the years, so…’ He trails off with a shrug. ‘I mean, I probably should’ve just told you when I got you out, you know? But I wanted it to be perfect and—’
They stare at each other a few moments, wrapped in coloured light, before Cas simply says, ‘Thank you.’
‘Yes!’ Cas’s hands trail down Dean’s forearms, fingers encircling his wrists. He pulls Dean’s hands to his chest. ‘I’m happy to be with you in whatever way you want. If that doesn’t involve sex now, or ever, I’ll be content with that.’
“I – uh, I think, Cas – uh,” Dean sputters and makes a dramatic act of clearing his throat. “I think I need to use the bathroom, Cas – if you don’t mind.”
Dean chokes at this as if he just got punched in the gut. This is all Castiel has: to be someone apportioned in Dean’s mind, both existing as a self yet inexplicably reliant on Dean simply for existence.
Castiel gives Dean a look as he reaches for the plates but to Dean’s relief, remains silent. He leaves the kitchen and Dean takes a second to recompose himself. For the life of him, he cannot figure out why what he is doing now – breakfast – seems as much a routine as it is a brand new experience for him. He knew by memory (
Dean wakes up in their bed under a thick white comforter. He turns to the side and sees Castiel lying on his side, face peaceful and free of worry in sleep. The morning sun filters through the snow-encrusted windows and illuminates Castiel from the back, creating a glow that seems almost divine. Dean brings a hand out from under the pillow and traces his thumb along Castiel’s jaw, grazing the rough five o’clock shadow. Castiel snuggles deeper into the blanket.
Castiel figures there is nothing to lose. Sleep can wait and he always appreciates any time spent with Dean.
Cas glares up at him, which Dean thinks is entirely unfair, and says, ‘No, I’m attempting some yoga Sam suggested.’
‘You didn’t—’ Dean swallows and rubs the back of his neck. ‘It’s not you. I’m just an idiot.’ He gives a low, rueful laugh. ‘And a coward.’
But then Dean tugs gently at Castiel’s bottom lip with his teeth, sucking on it, and Castiel’s focus narrows to the strangely pleasant sting. He returns the gesture, eliciting a pleased sound from Dean, and slides his tongue into Dean’s mouth when his lips part.
Neither of them moves, stuck in one of their infamous staring matches. And maybe it’s the way Cas is looking at him, or how Dean hates the thought of him being in pain, or maybe he’s finally snapped under the pressure of twelve years of pent-up tension and barely suppressed feelings, but he says, ‘Maybe I can help.’
Dean huffs. ‘We flew past top ten a few days ago.’ He holds Castiel’s hand a moment, then disentangles himself, rolling onto his back.
At the door, Dean pauses, then he turns to Castiel and holds out his hand. Castiel frowns at it a moment but when Dean waggles it, Castiel slips his hand into Dean’s hold. They walk out to the lake hand in hand and Castiel can’t remember the last time he felt such peace and joy.
Realisation slowly dawns on Castiel, bringing with it a twist behind his ribs. ‘Dean.’ He closes the distance between them, placing a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean walks Cas back toward the bed, pushing gently until Cas sits on the edge. It barely breaks their kiss as Dean follows, kneeling between the spread of Cas’s legs, and narrowly avoiding kneeing him in the nuts.
Castiel breathes in deep and easily, the loamy scent of earth bracing him. Leaves and twigs crunch underfoot as they make their way through the forest. Dean walks ahead, his jeans pulling tight as flat ground makes way for an incline. Heat simmers in Castiel’s blood, and he wonders if he should feel ashamed, but when he tries he can only muster a hint of something closer to frustration. Sleeping next to Dean is going to be torture.
‘I’m not usually chipper,’ Dean quips, then adds, ‘Anyway, I slept better than usual,’ grinning with his tongue between his teeth.
There’s a sharp intake of breath and then Cas says, ‘I— Yes.’ He pauses, the silence filling up with more unsaid words. ‘I still feel them, sometimes. Like…phantom limbs.’
The beatific smile that had lit up Cas’s face as The Empty took him is burned into Dean’s memory. It’s the kind of smile that, any other time, would have made Dean’s heart soar and his stomach do that annoying twisting flip that only Cas can kindle. But watching Cas smile like that when… Well, it had only torn his guts out. Actually, having his guts torn out hurt less.
‘Cas, c’mon, man, just…ease off on the kid.’ Dean swallows thickly. ‘I think he’s telling the truth.’
‘Didn’t say it bothered me.’ It the-opposite-of-bothered Dean. Was kind of nice in fact, that something about them says
Castiel finds Dean about an hour after he went looking for him. He’d wanted to tell Dean about a plant sale nearby, looking for him first in their room, and then the garage and the kitchen. He started to grow concerned when he asked Sam, Eileen and Jack if they’d seen Dean at all, and none of them had. None of them noticed him leave, either.
‘Um, well,’ Jack says, ‘I guess I wanted to?’ When Dean only raises his brows, Jack adds, ‘Cas looked after my mother when she was pregnant. So, I knew him, before I was born, and— And he was good and kind and I wanted to be like him.’
Jack is looking between them with a frown, and then his eyes widen. ‘Oh. You mustn’t be together, yet.’
Fuck, he’s wasted so much time. What if Jack hadn’t been able to bring Cas back? It’s too much. Dean can’t think about it, and he can’t look at Cas. The emotional whiplash is exhausting. He turns, swinging his legs over the side of the bed.
His feet sink into Cas’s mattress as he reaches up to untack the string of Christmas lights they’d put up the other night. He’s only halfway through when the door creaks open and Cas says, ‘What are you doing?’
Cas considers Dean a moment, then he disentangles himself and settles back on the opposite side of the tub. His lips are parted and shining, and there’s a red mark at the base of his neck, and his chest is glistening, and he’s right there and he wants Dean. He reaches out a hand, beckoning Dean to him.
Dean runs a hand over his face. This is ridiculous. Cas is probably still off-kilter from being in The Empty and coming back human. It’s not about Dean. He moves over to Cas, mentally sorting through everything he wants to say, hoping he’ll figure out where to start in the next few steps. But he stops short when Cas turns his face toward the light. It’s the first proper look Dean’s had at him in days and Cas looks…rough. All wan complexion and dark circles and more stubble than usual.
Castiel nods and, satisfied to be put to use, sets about getting the fire started with the pile of wood next to the fireplace and some old newspapers next to it. He sets the larger logs on top of the tinder and kindling, then strikes a match from the box on the mantel, letting the flame lick at the tinder. The fire spreads, and Castiel stands, ignoring the creak in his knees, stretching his hands out to warm them. There’s a moose head hanging above the fireplace, staring forlornly down at Castiel with its glass eyes. Castiel frowns. ‘Why do humans kill things just to use them as decoration?’
While he waits, Castiel stares into the fire, the dance of the flames clearing his mind, only looking up when Dean’s shadow falls across him.
‘Nah, because you’re a sarcastic bastard and pretend you’re not, just like Spock.’ Dean winks and adds, ‘And you’re both sexy.’
Anticipation thrills through Dean, almost sickening; he nods and shucks his shirt, heart beating like a double kick drum. Cas palms his side, and Dean knows—he
‘Hey, look, before you go getting all smitey, wanna tell me what kind of abomination we’re talking here?’
. Castiel swallows and reaches between Dean’s legs, circling gently, awed that Dean would let him touch him like this, that Dean
There’s a woman a few feet down from them, peering past Dean to where Cas and Jack are working on their sandcastle. Dean raises his brow in her direction and she glances away, a beat too late. Dean rolls his eyes and pulls at his shirt—it matches his shorts, yellow pineapples and white hibiscus on a red background—letting warm air in. He gives up trying to cool off and glances back to Cas and Jack.
But now that the seed of doubt has been planted, Dean finds it harder and harder to ignore. Was he always so clumsy? His hands feel slow and stupid and each of his movements awkward. Jerky. Not at all smooth. There’s always a little hesitation with someone new as you learn each other. Not that Dean’s had a lot of practice getting past the new stage.
Dean doesn’t. What he wants is to be wherever Cas is, but he wasn’t lying about the cabin fever. The itch of it is already under his skin, if not for hunting, at least to get out, go for a drive. He wavers between the urges and ends up shrugging again and saying, ‘Nah, maybe some other time. You can borrow some of my stuff for now. Or Sam’s.’ He can’t tell if Cas looks relieved, or not.
‘I was keeping an eye on the motel after you told me where you were and I sensed something.’ Cas doesn’t take his eyes off of Jack, and there’s steel in his voice. ‘And now I see why.’
When they part, Dean says, ‘Cas, I… You know that no matter what I call you, that I…’ He sucks in a breath. ‘That I love you. Right?’
be considered a place at all? Where even time does not exist because its very idea is incompatible with that of the Empty, where a second is as good as an eternity, or was it the other way round?
“You – ” Dean chokes. He feels unreal, light, and he reaches for the nearest surface to cling to; something
“It’ll be a nice place to take a look at the stars. Dark, quiet. I mean – we don’t get to see the night sky often in the Bunker.”
Dean flinches at the words; they are blunt and hard-hitting, but nonetheless true. He closes his eyes and swallows, then he opens them again.
This time, it is Castiel who tenses up instead, and Dean turns in his place to face Castiel. He looks at Castiel, but Castiel turns away and lets out a huff. Dean leans forward to attempt to draw his eyes back. He does so with ease but recoils when he sees the intensity in Castiel's glare.
“Dean, did you know I was one of the most beautiful angels in the garrison?” Castiel asks as he lifts his gaze to meet Dean’s. Dean tilts his head, a small mannerism he has picked up from Castiel after all these years, puzzled by this sudden change in topic.
They kiss again, deeper and hotter, Dean’s fingers curling behind the hinge of Cas’s jaw and Cas’s hands coming up to grip Dean’s waist. A frisson of desire shoots down Dean’s spine, liquid hot and something he hasn’t felt in a long, long time. It’s heady and Dean wants more, doesn’t care if it’s too fast.
They spend a good ten minutes arguing the merits of grilling Jack about how they get out of it, but it turns out he’s only been told the vaguest details about it all. And, as much as he might be able to help them, Cas says it’s too much of a risk.
‘I just…I thought it’d be different, after we dealt with Chuck, and I got you back.’ Dean squeezes his eyes shut and raises one hand, sliding it around until it rests over Cas’s chest. The steady thrum of his heart beats into the well of Dean’s palm. This isn’t the kind of thing he’d usually let himself do—they hug when they’re dying or back from death, not— ‘But I’m so tired.’
Jack explains that he does, in some ways, but he hadn’t actually meant to travel back in time. Or, not so far. He’d been trying to go back a few minutes, because he’d broken one of Dean’s favourite mixing bowl—which, what the heck, Dean has a favourite mixing bowl?—and felt bad. That he overshot by a good few years troubles Dean and he can tell it troubles Cas, too. If he can do something like this by accident…
It looks like Cas is struggling with some internal debate before he says, ‘It was too much. That’s all… That’s all I can give you, I’m sorry.’ He moves toward the closet, to hang the jacket back up.
, or something less dramatic—but then he says, ‘There’s no point both of us being awake all night,’ and Dean still can’t figure what’s going wrong.
‘Am I OK?’ Dean resists the urge to lean into Cas’s touch and, instead, bats his hands away. ‘Are you kidding me?’
‘Yeah, I guess so,’ Dean grumbles, but he’s smiling and lets Eileen wrap him in a hug. He squeezes her tight, then pulls back when he feels her putting something on his head. He reaches up and feels something pointy. One of those damn party hats. She grins up at him and he can’t even pretend to be grumpy about it.
To Dean’s irritation, Sam’s right. Still, he shrugs a shoulder and says, ‘Maybe you’re a bad kisser.’
He usually thinks about bringing Dean pleasure in some way. Seeing Dean fall apart under his hands, his mouth.
, maybe they’re cute or sweet to her. Or maybe she thinks they’re a bunch of nut-jobs. It doesn’t matter.
Cas twists the shirt he’s still holding, then sets it aside, turning back to look at Dean. ‘You… You asked me, more than once the past few days, why I avoided you when Jack brought me back, and I only said I couldn’t face you.’ Cas licks his lips and Dean nods for him to continue: ‘The reason I couldn’t is I thought that, after what I said to you, you might feel obligated to me. Obligated to return—‘ Cas cuts himself off, but Dean gets the picture.
‘I don’t think we can do this,’ Dean says, chest heaving. It only takes a moment to realise the mistake in his words because Cas’s face falls, and it’s like a punch to the gut. Dean huffs and says, ‘I mean, in the bath.’ He licks his lips. ‘You want to do this, right?’
(I mostly chose these because they’re both movies I’ve seen and are available on US Netflix at the moment, apparently, and also for the Angst with
The beating of Dean’s heart and the rise and fall of his chest lull Castiel into a meditative state. He looks forward to the morning, to waking up beside Dean in their new home, to having breakfast with their family. And, more than that, to every morning, day, and night for the rest of their lives.
‘And you decided to give me the gift of a heart attack?’ Dean pushes himself up with one hand, the other pressed to his chest. A moment later his stomach twists at the way Cas’s face has dropped.
. How is Castiel meant to share a bed with Dean after everything he told him? They haven’t spoken about it at all since Dean rescued him. More words left unspoken. They could fill a book with all of them and still have plenty to spare.
‘You gonna tell me what’s got your feathers so ruffled?’ Dean asks Cas. ‘He some kinda mega demon, or something?’
you adjust.’ He looks around for somewhere to hang the lights, then back to Cas, staring him down. ‘Now, where d’you want ‘em?’
Cas lays his hand on top of Dean’s, and it’s warm and grounding. He says, ‘Who?’ fingers curling over Dean’s.
Dean brushes off Castiel’s concern—‘I’m fine’—but he accepts Castiel’s hand and lets Castiel help him to his feet. He winces as he puts his weight on his ankle.
‘Thanks.’ There’s a CD in the bag, a band he’s never heard of and suddenly it’s all too much. Distantly, he’s aware of Claire saying she got it because it’s time he updated his music collection. He nods and says, ‘Thanks,’ again and then, ‘I gotta pee,’ and he’s stalking out of the room, heading for the bathroom.
‘I was only half asleep.’ Castiel rubs his eyes. ‘And then you yelled. I think.’ Perhaps it was only a dream.
‘Making sure you’re not losing your touch.’ Dean grins and Sam rolls his eyes. Dean looks around Sam at the pan, eyes narrowing. ‘You better not be tainting my bacon with any of your rabbit food.’
The game. Castiel forgot. Stomach sinking, he looks down at the card slotted into the flimsy plastic in front of him. ‘No,’ he says, ‘not Anita.’
Dean snorts, but he settles his head back against Cas’s chest, breathing deep. The steady thrum of Cas’s heartbeat soothes him, and Cas’s fingers leave tingles under his skin. It’s surprisingly easy to relax, even after the nightmare; Dean’s eyes drift closed, and he melts into Cas.
It twists in Castiel’s chest to see Dean like this. He can’t let him go on. If he can spare him this, he will. And, selfishly, he can’t bear the thought of it being prolonged. Not if Dean’s going to say what Castiel thinks he will.
There’s no reply for so long that Dean is about to give up, when Cas finally calls out, ‘Come in,’ in a tone that doesn’t sound entirely convinced of its invitation.
They set the game up on the coffee table, then settle on the floor either side of it. Castiel tucks his feet under him, running his finger along the rows of cardboard faces staring up at him. The box proclaims the game is for ‘ages 6 and up’. Well, he’s firmly in the up category.
‘Wait, what? I never said that.’ The almost-admission makes Dean’s face heat and he clears his throat.
‘It’s different from when I was human, different to how you experience things, but I still feel.’ Cas scoops up some bubbles, patting them into a blobby square, then letting them fall into the water again. ‘I can feel the bubbles and the warmth of the water. I feel pain and pleasure.’ He looks at Dean, reaching out to trail his fingers down Dean’s shin. ‘I can feel you.’
And as the movie goes on, he gets strangely into it. The tale of family and revenge draw him in and, heck, the music is kind of catchy, even if it is disco. When he actually lets out a cheer, at one point, he looks over to Cas, expecting at least an amused smile, if not a smug one.
It takes him ten minutes and six boxes to find what he’s looking for, and he returns to Cas’s room a little sweaty, a little dusty, with a string of coloured lights tangled in his arms.
A bruise blooms along Dean’s side, red and angry; Dean swallows thickly, a shiver running through him at Cas’s touch. ‘Uh, yeah, forgot about that.’
It’s going to be like that, then. Cas pulling away, and Dean not knowing why, and trying to make his stupid mouth cooperate. He sighs, poking sullenly at what’s left of his breakfast, but a shadow moves past him and Cas slides back into his seat at the table, mug refilled, and Dean’s heart leaps.
‘I kissed you because—’ Dean lets out a shaky breath. He can do this. He looks Cas in the eyes and finally says it: ‘Because I love you, too.’
which is my SPN tumblr - it’s mostly me reblogging things but I do post my fics there and my art, sometimes or
It seems to ease the remaining tension between them, as Cas’s eyes warm when he says, ‘All right,’ and takes the remote from Dean. He scrolls through until he seems satisfied, and loud music fills the room.
No. No way. It’s not possible. He slides his hands up Cas’s back, under his shirt, finally touching skin he’s wanted to touch forever. Cas makes an appreciative noise into Dean’s mouth, his own hands sliding from Dean’s jaw to his hair.
Dean hums and then pulls Castiel into a soft, languid kiss. ‘You know,’ he says after, ‘it wouldn’t take long to move—‘
Dean stares Sam down a moment, then cracks a grin. ‘I knew you were up to something else. You’ve all been so squirrelly all week.’
‘It’s…OK,’ Jack says. He steps toward Cas, then stops, seeming to think better of whatever he was going to do. ‘I should go now.’
This, he’s good at. The talking, the feelings, not his wheelhouse, even if he’s trying to be better at them. But this he can do. He’s always been good with sex. Even if it’s been a while…
Castiel waits for Dean to continue, but there is only the sound of Dean breathing, soft and not quite steady. And then there is the press of Dean’s hand between his wings, warm and strong and unmoving on the bare skin of his back.
‘Yeah, Sammy, I’m going to tell him,’ Dean huffs, one hand cradling his phone against his ear, the other flicking through a rack of flannel shirts. He pauses on a blue one a shade darker than Cas’s eyes, then keeps flicking.
Dean sputters, rolling onto his back and covering his eyes with his arm. It’s a little dramatic. ‘Out of everything,’ he says, ‘the volleyball is what you remember?’
Then there is the sound of the jug being set down on the tiles, the soft plastic click of the shampoo cap being popped open, the wheeze of the bottle as Cas squeezes shampoo out. It must be Sam’s shampoo because the scent of berries fills the air, but Dean doesn’t give a shit what his hair smells like, not when Cas somehow knows exactly how much pressure to apply as he works the shampoo into Dean’s scalp in circles.
Dean grins, then, his hands still bracing Castiel. But he pulls away, slowly, so he can look at his shoulder. He looks happy and awed as he runs his fingers over it.
Dean hesitates, the way he always does, but soon relents with a nod; Castiel knows it’s both from his own desire and his knowledge Castiel won’t back down.
Dean clears his throat, then scrubs his hand through Cas’s hair. ‘Just don’t go growing your hair out. One hippie in this place is enough.’
Candlelight flickers across the polished surface of the dark wood table; it softens everything in the room except the uneasiness etched in the lines of Dean’s face. He’s jittery, even more than he was earlier.
‘All right,’ Cas says carefully. Neither of them moves, for a moment, until Cas adds, ‘Should I just…kiss you?’
Dean raises his brows as Cas stoops over, dipping his elbow into the bath. Despite everything, his lips quirk, and he says, ‘That’s what you do for babies.’
‘Wait here, I’ll be back.’ Dean ignores Cas’s confused squint and heads out the room and down the hall.
‘I don’t need rest, I was asleep the entire time I was in the Empty.’ It’s a joke, or meant to be, but there is little levity in Castiel’s voice, and the words fall flat.
It looks like Dean really believes it, and if Dean can believe, maybe Castiel can start to believe it, too. ‘Thank you,’ he says.
‘No, I…’ Jack bounces on his toes, eyebrows pinched together. ‘I broke your mixing bowl. That’s why I went back in time. I thought I could go back to before I broke it but I went too far.’
The abruptness leaves Dean wrong-footed and he only nods, tongue clumsy in his mouth. ‘Sure,’ he murmurs, ‘yeah. You should…go. Try and sleep. You need it.’ As he talks, he moves back, edging toward his bed. ‘I’m pretty beat, too.’
Cas looks over at him, the smallest of smiles playing on his lips. He looks happier than he has since he got back. Dean had thought that things might be weird or strained between them after the back rubs and the way he’d clung to Cas, practically begging him not to leave. But it’s like a reset button has been pressed between them and, after they hugged it out, everything was back to normal.
‘I’m not going to bed.’ Castiel tilts his chin up. ‘I want to know why you kicked the fireplace and why you’ve been so…strange.’
She shrugs it off, then says Jody, Donna, Alex and Kaia all send their best and that she’ll be staying at the bunker for a few days before she heads back home, which pleases Dean. And then she makes him put the new CD on and it’s honestly not that bad. He tells her as much, but has to add, ‘It’s no Zeppelin, though,’ when she looks too smug.
It should steel Dean, but he feels wrung out, and only says, ‘Doesn’t matter. We should…we should figure out the not sleeping thing.’
Dean looks Castiel in the eyes and repeats, ‘I know,’ and sounds like he believes it. A few moments pass before he adds, ‘And uh… Heh.’ He rubs a hand over the back of his neck. ‘You know what, it’s weird, never mind.’
‘Oh. Well…’ There’s a hollow feeling in Dean’s gut and, shit, he should’ve asked Cas first instead of assuming, but he’d thought— ‘Figured we’d make it, you know, permanent.’
‘Yeah, I mean… Like I said, I’m having the time of my life, right now. But we can’t lounge around for the rest of our lives.’ Dean pokes Castiel in the side.
‘I’m sure Sam and Jack would have liked it out here, too,’ he says. ‘And Eileen. Didn’t they want to come?’
Cas has materialised, standing between Dean and the kid, angling himself like a shield. For a moment, Jack’s face lights up, but it soon falls again. Probably something to do with the murderous look Cas is fixing on him.
There’s stunned silence for a moment before Cas says, ‘Now who knows how to “make a guy feel special”?’
‘I do.’ Dean sighs, rolling back onto his side to face Castiel but not quite looking at him. ‘I don’t have much experience with…this.’
Cas is frowning, his palm pressed flat to the counter. His other hand rests against his thigh. He looks up at Dean and says, ‘I understand.’
It’s only a moment before Castiel comes too, vision sparking, something hot and possessive swelling inside him at the thought of coming deep inside Dean. He gasps, trembling all over, and buries his face in Dean’s neck. Everything is
From there it doesn’t take them long to shed the rest of their clothes and then it’s nothing but the touch of their skin and their hands everywhere.
‘Yeah, course.’ The words come out too light, too offhand. Dean swallows. He’s backed all the way against his desk and Cas still hasn’t moved from the pool of light in the hallway. ‘Just wanted to talk.’ He tries a smile. ‘It’s been a while.’
It exposes Dean’s throat and leaves him looking up into Cas’s face above him. His breath catches, and he squeezes his eyes shut. Moments later, warm water sluices over his scalp until his hair is soaked.
me.’ He lets the words hang between them for a few moments before he says, ‘I love you, too,’ again.
It takes a moment for Dean to react, but then he’s crossing the distance between them, wrapping her in a big hug. ‘Hey, kiddo,’ he says. ‘Good to see you.’
And the exhaustion and disgust overcame him, and even the thought of a shower was too much. But he doesn’t tell Cas this, he says, ‘Whatever,’ not sure why he’s being a dick to Cas right now. Maybe it’s easier than the alternative.
There may not be a lot of experience for Castiel to draw on, but any worries he may have had about not kissing well enough are shattered by the little sounds Dean is making and how tightly he holds onto Castiel.
It’s the closest Dean has come to talking about Castiel’s confession, and Castiel’s heart beats fiercely against his ribs. Castiel doesn’t know if he wants Dean to go on, or never speak again. ‘Dean,’ he starts, but he’s not sure where to go from there.
The green of Dean’s eyes is dark in the low, warm light in the loft; he looks at Castiel for long moments before he sighs and says, ‘Good night, buddy,’ then settles down again.
It should be easy. This should be easy. Cas laid the groundwork and all it should have taken was for Dean to speak his piece, and they could— They could be together, right?
Dean rolls his eyes, but before he can come back with something both witty and scathing—which it totally would have been—Cas materialises from
‘I don’t…’ Castiel looks at Dean, and he sees the weight of words unspoken for too many years settling in again. Old wounds are slow to heal. He doesn’t want to be the one to open them again. So, he says, ‘What happens when we get back to the bunker?’
When he scrapes his teeth over Cas’s pulse, Cas says, ’Dean,’ completely wrecked. The hand he has fisted in Dean’s hair tightens, and he moves the other one from where it was curled over the rim of the tub to cup Dean’s jaw. He pulls Dean into another kiss, hands trailing down Dean’s neck, his chest, to curl possessively over his hips.
‘Weirdo,’ Dean says, but there’s affection in his voice, and he’s smiling warmly. He cups Castiel’s face in one hand, thumb stroking gently. ‘You just gave me one of the top five orgasms of my life, and you’re worried if it was good.’
They stay like this a little longer, sweaty and spent, but then the sweat starts to dry, and their hearts return to rest, and Castiel pulls back, raising himself on shaking arms to look down at Dean.
, but he thought it might be awkward, though at the moment he has no idea why. ‘You know, I thought…’
‘Sure.’ Dean stares at Cas, but when he doesn’t break, he says, ‘C’mon, Cas, the jig is up. What’ve you got planned?’
‘I know,’ Cas says, ‘and he’s been texting me every day. Many times.’ He looks lighter for a moment, as he shares a fond look with Dean.
It’s probably Sam, come to check why Dean is still in the bathroom. Dean had come in here to take a shower forty minutes ago, to wash off the hunt because they drove straight through to get home instead of cleaning up at a motel, but he didn’t make it to the stalls. He ended up sinking to the floor, sitting on the cold tiles with his back pressed against their new tub, unable, or unwilling, to move. He doesn’t know why, he just…couldn’t.
The hitch in Cas’s breath as Dean kisses his jaw, down to his neck, instils him with some of the confidence he’s lost over the past ten minutes. Maybe he’s going to be awkward and fumble a bit, but he can make Cas gasp by kissing him below his ear and that’s
‘It’s not, but there’s a fishing spot that’s meant to be good, or, uh, maybe a swim.’ Dean screws his nose up. ‘Nah, it’s too cold. Or there’s walking! We could walk and…look at trees and shit. You like trees.’
They stare at each other across the expanse of the coffee table, neither of them saying anything, neither of them moving. Castiel is torn between feeling he’s said the wrong thing, and being irritated with Dean for doing this again. He’s not sure what to do, or say, and he hates it. This futility.
Dean grabs his hand before Cas drops it, squeezing gently. He shakes his head and squeezes his eyes shut. Maybe if he’s not looking at Cas, he can explain. The moments pass and Cas waits for him, patient and kind, and Dean finally manages to say, ‘I didn’t think I’d have this.’
Dean looks up at him from beneath the long sweep of his lashes, twisting his wrist as his hand moves over Castiel’s cock. ‘Feel good?’
‘It’s not that…’ Dean sighs and disentangles himself, sitting again. He drags a hand down his face. ‘I don’t know what’s wrong.’
It takes them a long time—to the end of the world and back more than once—but eventually, they come together. Falling into each other’s arms years after falling in love.
Castiel shakes his head, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist. ‘No, no, I want this.’ He breathes in deep, the scent of sweat and Dean’s skin beneath it. ‘But I… I can’t read you. Like I used to.’
Dean almost feels bad for him, even if it makes no sense for him to be put out by what Cas said. What monster cares about being called an abomination?
‘It’s not just this. It’s the blanket, and the food, and the Christmas lights…’ Cas sighs. ‘You don’t owe me anything.’
Sam is eating his salad, drinking his beer; Eileen and Jack are in the middle of an animated conversation Dean only partly understands, and then Eileen looks at him and says, ‘I was telling Jack I like the sandcastle. It was something I never got to do, growing up.’
, of course it is, but Dean doesn’t know how to explain that, now. Suddenly, he’s tired and wrung out. ‘Cas—’ He leans forward, into Cas, and whispers, ‘I’m sorry.’
‘Well, you haven’t told him, yet,’ Sam says, bitch-face unmistakable in his tone despite the shitty signal in here, ‘so I was just wondering.’
Dean hadn’t asked Cas what The Empty was like, but the name is kind of a clue. He wonders if being there, again, resting in oblivion or whatever, had sparked this fear of the dark. Or if it’s being human, not having his grace to help him through the night, that’s the problem. Dean’s not sure Cas would tell him, right now, so he says, ‘That explains the light.’
‘Good night, Dean,’ Castiel says. He does watch Dean, but only until his features go slack, and his breathing settles into the rhythm Castiel knows means he’s truly asleep and not faking it. Only then does Castiel let his head rest on Dean’s chest and close his eyes.
, an unhelpful voice supplies. Dean ignores it. This dweeby, totally sweet, normal-looking kid is a half-angel-half-human baby monster. ‘OK, kid,’ Dean says, ‘if you’re from the future, tell us something that hasn’t happened, yet.’
Sam sends him a warning look, but he ignores it; Cas frowns down at his hands and says, ‘I don’t think I did anything wrong.’
Dean looks at Cas and sees in him all those things he’s never done. Not like they would be with Cas.
‘Not you.’ Dean waggles the phone, then turns away. He can still feel Cas’s gaze on him, tingling up his spine. ‘I’m busy, gotta go,’ he says, into the phone.
‘Everyone’s gotta pee, Cas,’ Dean says, before Cas can go into the rant Dean knows is coming. He can’t believe he’s having this conversation. Again. ‘And maybe I think sunscreen is inconvenient.’
A pleased smile flitters over Dean’s face. ‘Uh, thanks. But I meant more in general.’ He spears a piece of steak with his fork and gestures with it. ‘You know, since you got back. You good?’
It seems to surprise Dean, too, his eyes widening, but he doesn’t pull away. Doesn’t seem disgusted or disturbed by the immensity of Castiel’s desire. How could he? It’s returned in his gaze and in the way his hands tighten over Castiel’s hips. In the deep timbre of his voice when he says, ‘Then let’s go upstairs.’
‘To the day,’ Dean says. ‘Checked my phone.’ He huffs a rueful laugh and adds, ‘Happy anniversary,’ with a flourish of his hands.
‘Thanks, Sammy,’ he says, letting everything he feels in that moment come through in those three syllables. But before it can turn too schmaltzy he adds, ‘I mean, I needed some new underwear. Cas keeps tearing mine off me.’ He waggles his brows for good measure.
Waves lap at the shore, gracing it with their kiss, only to withdraw coyly moments later. But they always return, over and over, inevitable and true. They tickle Dean’s toes where they’re sunk into the silky sand, cooling his sun-warmed skin.
Dean sighs, leaning back against the trunk. He crosses his arms and chews his lip. ‘I’m not against it, either, but well…I mean, first of all, we’re both technically dead, so it wouldn’t be legal.’
Castiel sighs. There are a lot of things he could talk about to Dean—anything and nothing—but Dean hasn’t brought up the one thing Castiel is desperate to talk about. And Castiel doesn’t think it would be fair to bring it up himself. He’s already put so much on Dean, so he only says, ‘I know.’
‘Shit, sorry,’ Dean says. ‘Didn’t mean to hurt you,’ he adds and, for a moment, Castiel can almost believe he’s not talking about the feather.
Dean covers Cas’s mouth with his hand, still chuckling. ‘No, I just… I don’t know why—’ His shoulders shake. There’s a puff of hot air against his hand, and Cas is trembling beneath him, and he realises Cas is laughing, too. He moves his hand away and the laughter bursts out of Cas. It’s so good to hear and it feeds Dean’s own laughter.
The words twist in Castiel’s chest, and his voice is small around it when he says, ‘Is that all it was? Repayment?’
‘C’mon, Cas, just tell me.’ Dean rolls his hips, fingers twisting in Castiel’s hair. ‘Anything you want. Let me give it to you.’
The desperation in his voice twists in Dean’s gut and he feels like an asshole. ‘Nothing. I was just thinking—’
‘Really?’ Dean raises his brows, but there’s the hint of a smile playing at the corner of his lips, so Castiel considers it a win. There’s still a haunted look in his eyes, though, and Castiel would do anything to banish it.
A spike of panic pierces Dean, and he says, ‘I don’t,’ breath catching. He licks his lips. ‘Want you to leave, that is.’
Warmth rushes Castiel from head to toe, and he’s suddenly too aware that he’s standing while Dean is still sitting and Dean’s face is right— He shifts his weight and says, ’Thank you?’
—mechanic and tutor respectively when they’re not helping Sam and Eileen—and they have a life together with grocery shopping and arguments and sex and movie nights.
If she hadn’t used that exact term, Dean is pretty sure Cas would have protested, but he’d practically
Dean shifts his hands from where they were pushing through his secondary coverts to rest on the bare skin of Castiel’s back. ‘Course I do,’ he says. ‘Always have.’
‘Snacks,’ Dean blurts. He can’t look at Cas. He pushes himself out of the recliner, stands frozen by it. ‘We don’t have snacks.’ He runs a hand over his face.
Dean’s lips quirk, and he ducks his head. It’s more shy than coy, and it makes Castiel feel tender and warm. He holds out a hand, beckoning Dean, who gives him a sideways look but rests his own hand in Castiel’s, palm to palm. And, when Castiel pulls, Dean comes to him, melting into his embrace and wrapping his arms around him.
So, when Castiel sees Dean through an opened door, he only lets out a sigh of relief, not stopping to think about the significance of the room, or wonder why Dean is standing in the middle of it unmoving.
‘Oh.’ Years ago, that would have meant little to Castiel. This body was not his, after all, his true self beyond what most humans could comprehend. But it’s been his body for years, and though he doesn’t like to think himself vain, there’s something pleasing about Dean finding him attractive. ‘Thank you.’
‘I thought you…’ Cas sighs, shoulders slumping, and looks down. ‘I— I am sorry. I thought you’d realised what I was going to do.’
Cas sets his fork down and folds his hands together. ‘I think I’m still…processing. Like I said, I didn’t think I could have this.’ He looks happy, but awed, when he says, ‘I didn’t think you would ever…’ He trails off, but Dean can fill in the blanks.
But Cas doesn’t seem satisfied. He catches Dean’s chin between his thumb and forefinger, inspecting Dean’s face with a furrow in his brow. Dean looks at Cas’s mouth, his jaw, his neck, the tip of his ear. But not Cas’s eyes, which are all but burning into him. There are no marks to find on Dean’s face, though, so Cas drops his hand.
‘Um—’ The woman Dean had given a look earlier is doing a poor job of pretending she’s not trying to listen in on them like they’re here for her entertainment. It pisses Dean off. Sure, maybe she’s not thinking anything
The air feels charged, as it always does between them, but then Cas steps back and says, ‘I’ll check the temperature. Of the bath,’ and there might be a faint hint of a blush colouring his cheeks.
They finish their coffees in silence, until Cas says, ‘Well, I should shower.’ He waits a moment, then two. ‘Thank you for breakfast.’
‘Kissing first, then present.’ Dean’s lips skate down Cas’s neck, earning him a hitched breath and a shiver. ‘Wait, no, coffee first, then kissing, then presents.’ He starts to push himself up, the need for caffeine
They’re not lovers, but they’re still together. And it’s good. Better than good. Better than it’s ever been.
Cas huffs and Jack looks thoughtful for long moments until he says, ‘A long time ago, you and some other angels went to kill a Nephilim.’ He looks uneasy, and there’s tension in the air. ‘You didn’t realise until a really long time after that it wasn’t the right thing to do.’ He frowns. ‘But…you don’t know that, yet.’
Cas is frowning up at Dean, giving him this look that cuts right to his core, but he pushes himself up and says, ‘OK.’ He slips out of bed and into his clothes, giving Dean that same look the whole time.
It’s slipping away. The tighter Dean tries to hold on, the harder it is to keep in his grasp.Every time Cas went rogue before, Dean got it. Dean got Cas. They got
Dean doesn’t pretend there isn’t a ‘but’. He lifts his shoulders and says, ‘I don’t know. Would’ve been nice to have some more time alone, too.’
They finish in silence and then change into their pyjamas and settle into bed, side by side. Castiel only has a moment to appreciate that he is lying in the bed he picked out with Dean, under sheets they bought together, in the house they chose, before Dean sits up again.
Dean grits his teeth and holds out a hand to take the bucket from Jack, saying, ‘Consider me on decoration duty,’ whatever was holding him back earlier gone, now.
‘Right,’ Dean says, looking at Castiel a moment before he turns back to his task. ‘Hey, why don’t you take the rest of the pie to the couch, and we can eat by the fire when I’m done with this.’
is met with an eye-roll from Sam, a blank look from Cas and Jack saying ‘I love that movie!’—on his own, or who knows where he’ll end up, or what else he might do?
Before he can think better of it, Dean rounds the bed, settling behind Cas. Knees either side of Cas’s hips. They’ll give him hell, later, but for now he only thinks about the breadth of Cas’s shoulders as he lays his palms flat on them.
‘Relax, I’m kidding,’ Dean says. He isn’t, but he doesn’t want Cas to worry more than he already is.
Dean grins, standing long enough to take his pants off, before settling over Castiel again and urging him up the bed.
Dean sucks in a breath, but he lowers his hands and lifts his head. He turns his face side to side, not meeting Cas’s eyes. ‘See. Fine.’
They’ve never hugged like this, where Dean has just let himself hold and be held, without pulling away before he wants to. He presses his face into the crook of Cas’s neck and says, ‘Just…don’t go.’ It’s a stupid thing to say, because Cas isn’t going anywhere, and he doesn’t know if he means now, or ever, but he means both anyway.
‘It isn’t.’ Dean sounds so sure that Castiel turns a questioning look on him. ‘Hey, just because I’ve killed plenty of monsters, doesn’t mean I agree with shooting Bullwinkle and hanging him over the fireplace.’
trembling. ‘That was… No problems there. Heh.’ He licks his lips. ‘But not really a first date kiss.’
The relief that flickers over Dean’s face is definitely not in Castiel’s imagination. There’s something oddly gratifying in the thought of Dean being jealous over
‘Yoga?’ Dean scrunches his face up, even as the thought of Cas and yoga converge in his mind’s eye as something pretty damn appealing. ‘Why?’
Two minutes later, he gets back up, switching them again. ‘That’s better,’ he says, sliding into bed.
‘Yes, I do.’ Castiel draws in a shuddering breath. ‘But things are still different between us now, aren’t they? I’ve been your friend so long, I don’t know how to be…’ A boyfriend, lover, all human words that could never encompass what they are.
Dean’s hands slide to the small of Castiel’s back, up under his shirt. The touch of his fingertips sets little fires under Castiel’s skin, moving up and up, rucking Castiel’s shirt up, until it’s bunched under his arms.
And, fine, maybe Dean was being naïve to think it would be easy after all these years—and he never thought what happened after would be easy, relationships are work, that’s what Sammy’s always telling him—but he didn’t think it would be hard. He didn’t think it would be
The little spark of hope bursts into flames, consuming him, razing the doubt to the ground. Another feeling replaces it, bubbling up from deep within Castiel, something old and new all at once. It comes bursting out of him in a peal of laughter.
He offers the trench coat, hands trembling, hoping Cas sees it for what it is. An olive branch. A token. (Of what, Dean can’t, won’t, say.)
Dean pats his hand twice, then shoves the remaining forkfuls of pie into his mouth, chewing and swallowing thickly. ‘How about a drink?’ he asks, standing already. ‘Got some whisky or—’
which is my SPN tumblr - it’s mostly me reblogging things but I do post my fics there and my art, sometimes, and you are very welcome to say hi! Or there's
It surprises Castiel that Dean doesn’t protest this point, though after last night it probably shouldn’t surprise him anymore. Dean only lowers his arm, levelling Castiel with a look and deadpans, ‘And the homoeroticism.’
Dean frowns. Before he can ask what Sam means, a voice comes from behind him. ‘Hey, old man. Didn’t think I’d miss this, did you?’
It’s been a long time coming, but Dean’s good with who he is. He feels settled. As settled as he’ll ever be.
‘Haven’t even been awake for five minutes, and you’re already groping me.’ Dean tuts, but his eyes are lit with mirth.
‘That poster doesn’t look right there.’ Dean throws off the covers, crossing the room to fiddle with a framed poster for
‘Shit.’ Dean jerks back, letting go of Castiel’s hand. ‘I’m not usually this clumsy. Might start thinking I’m cursed.’
They sit there a while longer, in the silence of Dean’s room, staring at each other like a couple of goofballs, until Dean’s phone buzzes from the nightstand. He moves away from Cas reluctantly and checks his phone. There’s a new text from Sam and one he missed earlier from Jack.
‘Twigs, shells, seaweed,’ Dean says and jerks his chin toward the expanse of sand around them. ‘You know, beach stuff.’
Instead of asking Dean, though, he pushes his concerns aside, waiting for Dean to bring them up (and hoping he won’t). And it’s so easy to lose himself in Dean and their happiness together, easy to convince himself there is nothing weighing on his mind at all.
Castiel pins Dean’s wrists either side of his head, leaning close, voice low as he says, ‘Make it ten.’
Dean pulls back, panting hard, and when Castiel gives him a questioning look, says, ‘Too many clothes,’ tugging at Castiel’s pants.
Dean nods. He looks up at Cas, who is still kneeling with his hands resting on his thighs, and reaches out for him. ‘C’mere,’ he says, tugging until Cas is sitting next to him.
Dean wipes his hands off and takes the proffered plate. ‘Thanks,’ he says, around a mouthful of overdone bread and gooey cheese.
Cas huffs, his stomach quivering under Dean’s hand. ‘That would be nice, too. Whatever you want, Dean.’
One night, as they’re lying by the fire together, Dean says, ‘Man, this is awesome, don’t get me wrong, but it’ll be good to get home.’
‘Yeah, looks like we’ll have a full house again, in the morning,’ Dean says. He thumbs quick responses back to Sam and Jack, then shows Cas the texts saying they’ll both be home in the morning and that Eileen and Claire are coming with them respectively.
Dean’s stomach flutters for some stupid mysterious reason. (He totally knows the reason.) ‘That was nice.’
‘You don’t have to…look after me.’ Cas turns, but he’s still not quite looking at Dean, and Dean’s stomach sinks. ‘You take care of everyone, it’s what you do, but you don’t have to feel obligated to me, because—’
Castiel studies the shape of Dean’s back, the crest of his shoulder, the blanket pulled tight around it. His palms itch, so he balls his hands into fists until his nails dig into his palms. ‘Good night, Dean,’ he says, and rolls onto his side.
‘You said I could borrow clothes.’ Cas’s gaze swings slowly to Dean. There’s a wrongness to his voice that sets Dean on alert.
There’s a breeze blowing down the bay and the tang of salt in the air and it’s, well, peaceful. As peaceful as Dean has ever known. Dean waits for the restlessness to come, but there’s nothing there. Maybe the waves have washed it away. The heat of the sun is starting to turn from pleasant to biting, though, and Dean considers retreating to the giant beach umbrella they’d set up earlier.
There’s a hint of smugness in Cas’s smile, now, and a twinkle in his eye. He leans in close and says, ‘I’m not wearing pointy ears for you.’
Jack smiles and goes over to the counter then comes back with a small present, wrapped about as well as the ones Cas gave Dean.
, but Dean has been strange since they left the bunker. Castiel had thought—hoped—it was the case. But maybe it’s just him.
Cas is Dean’s first real friend. It feels pathetic to admit that at his age, but it’s true. He’s had buddies before, some closer than others, and there’s Sam and Bobby, but they’re family. Cas is a friend of Dean’s own, someone he can rely on, someone he can confide in, have fun with. (And that’s a strange revelation, that Castiel is
He works his thumbs into the knots in Cas’s shoulders, sweeps his palms over his shoulder blades. Wonders where Cas’s wings used to sprout from as he fans his fingers out. ‘Do you miss them?’ he asks.
‘Uh…’ Dean rubs his hand over the back of his neck and frowns. ‘Look, we should get those pants off.’ He clears his throat. ‘I mean, you should take them off and give them to me.’
Dean gives him a smug little smile that makes irritation flicker in Castiel’s chest and turns away, busying himself with readying the food. Despite the start, it’s pleasant to work with Dean like this. They’ve always made a good team, Castiel just never thought it could translate to something so domestic.
“So, no, I don’t regret losing my grace. I may mourn the loss of my previous life, but regret is not what I feel. I do not regret being given the chance to experience life afresh, so different from what I have grown accustomed to my entire existence,” Castiel rises from his leaning position and he grips Dean’s hands tighter. His voice grows louder, more insistent. “I do not regret being able to taste a peanut butter and jelly sandwich again. I do not – I cannot,
‘Good, good.’ Dean ducks his gaze. ‘It’s just… It ain’t the same when you’re not. Here, that is. You gotta know that.’ He glances up, eyes fierce.
It takes Dean a few moments to tear his gaze away from where it’s boring into the wall to look at Castiel. He turns slowly and says, ‘Hey,’ a wrongness to his voice.
Cas huffs, but he looks pleased, untucking his shirt and letting it fall to the floor. His pants go next, and Dean’s immediately fixated by his thighs. They’re solid muscle, and Dean wonders what they’d feel like under his mouth or pushing his own thighs apart.
Dean scrambles to his feet, and calls out, ‘I’ll be right there, Mr Spock,’ grinning as he follows Cas.
For a moment, Castiel considers dropping the whole thing, but he follows, crowding into Dean’s personal space and reaches for the knife Dean had produced from somewhere.
Later, when they are lying entangled and sated, Cas sighs and says, ‘I never thought I could have this.’ He runs his hand down Dean’s arm. ‘That we could be lovers’
Heart pounding, Dean tugs on Cas’s wrist, and stops thinking. He doesn’t need a big moment, he just needs this. So, he closes the distance between them, pressing his lips softly to Cas’s. The hint of a kiss, with the promise of more.
less experienced.’ Cas rests his hands on Dean’s forearms, gently tugging but Dean keeps his arms folded. ‘It doesn’t bother me.’
Dean smiles and is about to lean in for a kiss when the door bangs open and he’s sent into another round of palpitations.
Dean finally drags his gaze away from Castiel’s bedraggled wings to his face. His brow furrows in concern. ‘Hey, you’re just recovering. You’ll get your mojo back.’
‘Yeah, that had occurred to me.’ Dean rolls his eyes, then looks at the kid. He looks like a regular kid.
, and Dean’s breathing, his heart, kickstarts, his legs propelling him toward Cas before he even realises. ‘Having fun without me?’ he says.
Sam rolls his eyes and groans. ‘OK, so, normally I’d agree about asking first. But Cas couldn’t have telegraphed his intentions any louder.’
Everything Castiel has felt melts away under Dean’s self-deprecation, and he says, ‘Dean, you’re the bravest man I know.’
They eat together, they bathe together, and then they pack up all their things and load them into the Impala.
Mercifully, Dean doesn’t ask how Castiel usually manages them because he doesn’t want to talk about how useless he is without his grace any further.
‘Hey, this is mine,’ Dean says, and finally tears into it. It’s a long, velvet box with a silver ID bracelet nestled inside it. His name is engraved on the front and, when he lifts it to read the reverse, sees: ‘All my love, Cas.’
It feels like flying and falling all at once. When they part, Dean looks at him like he’s something precious, and Castiel realises it was always there.
‘Because I know you, Cas, and I know you’re bullshitting. But if you don’t want to to talk to me…’ An agonising silence stretches out, Cas not looking at Dean, until Dean says, ‘You know what, I’ll just let you
‘I think I forgot something inside,’ Castiel says, ‘I’d better check.’ It’s the fourth time he’s tried this.
They eat in content silence, sneaking glances and smiles at each other like a couple of kids. Dean feels giddy with it. But then he looks up to see a troubled frown creasing Cas’s brow and his chest tightens. ‘What’s up?’
A muscle in Dean’s jaw ticks; his eyes flash, and he breathes out, saying, ‘Well, why don’t you get a fire started?’
Dean swallows; he’s close enough that Castiel can hear it, can hear the click of his throat and the wet intake of his breath. ‘For a lot of things.’
Cas rolls his eyes. ‘Then happy day after your birthday.’ He chews on his lip, head tilted. ‘Did you have a good day?’
‘C’mon,’ Dean says, standing and pulling on his discarded clothes, ‘the lights won’t move themselves.’ He sucks in a breath, fixes a smile to his face, and turns back. ‘And I ain’t sleeping in here. Your bed’s too hard.’
‘Maverick? Iceman? C’mon!’ Dean groans. ‘Jesus Christ, Cas, do you pay attention to any of the movies I make you watch?’
Cas hesitates a moment, then sits beside him, but Dean doesn’t miss the inches he leaves between them. Dean curses himself and shifts closer until their thighs are touching. Warmth bleeds through the thin cotton of his pyjama pants and he melts a little, leaning into Cas’s side.
He tells Cas he’s their—his—brother because there’s no other word he knows that can convey what Cas means to them. To him. He only hopes Cas understands.
The concern ebbs a little as Cas digs into his breakfast, pausing only to raise a brow at how it’s smiling up at him. At least he hasn’t lost his appetite and, more than that, part of Dean had worried that Cas would slink off, leave Dean alone again.
Cas makes a noncommittal sound and says, ‘Yes, Captain,’ and then Dean kisses him before he can be even more of a smartass.
Satisfaction wells up in Dean and he slumps back against the headboard. ‘It can last longer, though.’
‘What? No!’ Dean’s hand moves back to the nape of Castiel’s neck, fingers curling, pulling until Castiel has no choice but to turn to face Dean. ‘Hey, look at me,’ Dean says, when Castiel can’t meet his gaze.
‘Yeah, but it’s more than that, right?’ Dean leans forward, arms braced on the table. His robe dips into what’s left of his eggs, so he shoves the plate aside.
. Anything that isn’t sitting here in silence thinking about his nightmares and how he seems to be better at making Cas worry than easing Cas’s own troubles like he should be.
And with the loss of Cas’s touch, Dean feels bereft, and the spark of irritation gutters. It’s like it was never there. He chews on his lip, then says, ‘Sometimes, after a hunt, I just feel…’
Dean crosses his arms over his chest and leans back against the Impala. ‘It’s not really that different.’ At the dubious look Castiel gives him, Dean goes on: ‘I mean, it was always you and me ’til the end of the line, right? Whether we were together like this, or not. Nothing’s really changed.’
. Even in his most secret fantasies—the weird, the wild, the embarrassingly tender—he never thought about Cas giving him a bath.
In the privacy of his own mind, Dean can almost admit that he’s possibly, maybe, on occasion thought about kissing Cas. It’s not like Cas is unkissable. Dean’s got eyes. But Cas is his friend. His best friend. He doesn’t want to ruin that with kisses and feelings and—
‘We do.’ Something flickers over the kid’s face, like something’s occurring to him. ‘Or we will…’ he mutters. ‘I went too far.’
A pathetic noise, somewhere between a grunt and a whimper, escapes Dean as Cas shifts and his erection presses into Dean’s back. Fuck.
Cas’s brow furrows and Dean can tell he wants to protest, again, but he doesn’t interrupt. Just gives Dean’s hand a gentle, reassuring squeeze, urging him to go on.
’That’s an understatement.’ Dean sighs. ‘It’s just, the movie didn’t make me think of all those other people, Cas. It made me think of…’
because there’s nothing to be nervous about. They’re led to a room they cleared out recently but have yet to find a use for; it’s dark as Jack opens the door but as soon as Dean steps inside, Cas flips the light on.
‘This helps,’ Dean says, flushing at the slur to his voice. He sounds blissed out, just from Cas giving him a back rub. Over his shirt. He clears his throat and adds, ‘But you can still play my nurse if you want, next time I get banged up.’
And, shit, Dean has no idea how he’s meant to resist that. So, he rests his hand in Cas’s and lets Cas draw him to the other side of the bath. Somehow, Cas manages to turn Dean around and settle him between his legs, so Dean’s back is pressed to Cas’s chest. His thick thighs bracket Dean’s, and his arms slip around Dean’s waist, and Dean is encircled by him completely.
.’ Castiel sighs and runs a hand over Dean’s face. ‘Or if it’s that important, I’ll do it. You know I don’t need to sleep.’ Sometimes he likes the ritual of resting with Dean and being close to him, but if it will keep Dean in bed where he can rest, Castiel will rearrange the whole room.
There’s an awkward pause, and Dean knows they’re both remembering Dean strapped to that chair, but Dean snorts and says, ‘Like to see you try,’ and Sam exhales. ‘Anyway,’ Dean adds, ‘tell Eileen I say hi and that she’s too good for you.’
Dean rinses the dishes and cleans himself up, and when he gets to the Dean Cave, Cas…isn’t there. Shit. He turns, resigning himself to a night alone, and literally bumps into Cas. ‘Uh, hey, I was…’
In the distance, a trucker leans on their horn. Sam makes that noise again. Dean coughs. Jack blinks. ‘Right,’ Dean says.
‘Uh… I didn’t mean—’ Dean gapes up at him, then shakes himself. ‘Feel like I should be slipping a dollar bill into your briefs, or something.’
‘Yeah, maybe. We’ve got a few we could choose from. First kiss. Other firsts.’ Dean waggles his brows, but then his expression sobers once more. ‘Or even when you raised me.’
. But Dean always takes care of everyone and there’s part of Castiel that wants…something. Wants to take care of Dean, or take him apart, or both, and he says, ‘No.’
or anything. He’s not some swooning maiden in a bodice ripper. Not that he knows anything about those, either.
All Cas has to say is, ‘Dean,’ and Dean is sighing, turning around. He scrubs his hands over his face and says, ‘I know.’
When Dean doesn’t finish the sentence, Cas says, tentatively, ‘Was it because I mentioned Charlie? Is that why you got upset?’
‘Cas!’ Jack pulls away from Dean, turning to Cas, and giving him the same treatment he gave Dean moments earlier.
, and then reaches over to the nightstand for Dean’s favourite mug. The coffee is a little cool, now, but it’ll do the trick and it’s made the way Dean likes it. He sips it as he watches Cas scramble from the bed, shuffling to the dresser, and returning with
But Dean’s stuck on one word: husband. It skips in his brain like a scratched record. It’s the second time she’s referred to them as married and it’s… It’s
Dean is about to shoot another quip back when Jack says, quiet but matter-of-fact: ‘This isn’t a castle where people fight.’
That part of him, the part that never had this, the part that’s raw and aching, that part of him that just…wants. He lets it take over, for once, and tries not to think about what happens next, or that Sam is somewhere in the bunker maybe wondering where he and Cas are.
Dean’s face is hot enough to cook an egg, and there’s broken glass at his feet, and beer splashed up his pants, and the taste of Cas is— Nope. Not going there.
‘Of course. That’s why you were sitting in the dark, covered in blood and viscera, instead of showering.’
and he’s so damn easy for Cas. He tenses from head to toe, and Cas holds him tighter as Dean spills over his hand.
.’ Dean sighs. ‘Your wings being like this… It just shows how brave you are, OK? How— How willing you are to sacrifice everything for the ones you love. That’s nothing to be ashamed of.’
Castiel lifts his hips and lets Dean slide his pants down, watches as Dean throws them over the side of the bed.
Sam shrugs his giant shoulders and Eileen smiles. They say, ‘Happy birthday,’ in unison, then look a little embarrassed about it.
Their hands brush as they walk down the hall, little sparks shooting up Dean’s arm with every movement. They stand close as they move around the kitchen, making spaghetti together. And when they sit, their feet tangle beneath the table.
It’s building, closer and closer to snapping with each passing moment, pleasure mounting until it’s almost unbearable.
them to be different. He was totally prepared, or as prepared as he ever would be, to spill his guts. It was only fair, after all, and what Cas deserved. But more than that, Cas’s confession had knocked something loose in Dean, something that, when the dream of Cas coming back became a reality, was all but battering at his insides, screaming to get out.
‘It was like a train wreck! I couldn’t look away. Plus, it was almost sweet for a moment. Until the tongue.’ Sam shudders. ‘That’s when I tried to make my escape, but then you freaked out, and Cas stormed out and—’ He waves his hands.
As he’s chopping the freshly peeled potatoes, he says, ‘We could talk now, about whatever you wanted to talk about?’ hoping he’s not pushing it too much.
Dean watches a few moments, and then he says, ‘Here, wait.’ He shifts forward, guiding Cas’s hand until it’s around both of them.
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, ‘I figured if the lamps are too bright, but you don’t wanna be in the dark, maybe these’ll help.’ He rubs a hand over the back of his neck; some of the string unspools, lights clattering to the floor. He winces. ‘And it’ll liven up your room a bit.’
It shoots through Dean, curls low within him. His hand is still resting in Cas’s hair, and he should pull away, but he doesn’t. Instead, he pushes his fingers through Cas’s hair—it’s a little greasy, but it’s soft, threading through Dean’s fingers like silk—and Cas leans into the touch. Eyes drifting closed. Warmth buzzes in Dean’s palm, shooting through his wrist, zinging right past his elbow, his shoulder, settling into his chest. He lets his hand trail from Cas’s hair, down the side of his face, to rest at his jaw.
Cas turns away, rubbing his face, whether to chase away the ghost of Dean’s touch, or a futile attempt to erase the dark circle, Dean doesn’t know. ‘Thank you,’ Cas deadpans.
. Awkwardness and Cas avoiding him and, sure, Dean could ask him why, but he’s not sure he wants the answer. What if Cas regrets…
‘I don’t know, man.’ Dean runs a hand through his hair. ‘Just…all those times I could’ve told you. All that time you thought I didn’t—’
‘Christmas lights?’ Cas is still on the bed, but he’s shifted so he’s sitting at the foot, hands resting on his knees, spine slouched in exhaustion.
He could tell him, now, except Cas isn’t here. It shouldn’t smart the way it does, that Cas left him to nap alone. Maybe watching Dean sleep was an angel thing. Dean pushes himself out of bed and shuffles down the hall.
Thanks for reading! I really appreciate the comments and kudos and reblogs and likes, etc., so far! It makes me really happy that people are enjoying this fic :D
A new flush comes into Dean’s cheeks, and it takes him a few moments to say, ‘Love you, too.’ He clears his throat, squirming a little, but he’s still smiling as he turns to Castiel and adds, ‘So, what do you want for breakfast?’
It’s not something he wants to look at too closely, but if he did, he’s pretty sure he’d only find concern for his friend. Cas is a badass and can take care of himself, but he’s still pretty naïve. And Dean did
Cas narrows his eyes, but doesn’t question him, and lets Dean push him down into the mattress. He looks good like this, beneath Dean, the yellowed light from the lamp soft on his face. Dean runs the backs of his fingers down Cas’s cheek, follows the motion of his Adam’s apple as he swallows thickly.
‘Yeah.’ Dean turns back and lifts his shoulders. ‘Figured you knew. Wasn’t trying to lure you out here under false pretences or anything.’
But the point is he was always good, new or not. Ninety per cent of the time. And he wants this to be good for Cas. Not awkward and fumbling. He pulls back again. ‘You OK?’
It takes Castiel a few moments to answer, lost as he is in the sensation of Dean’s fingers threading through his feathers. ‘I’ve been fine.’
