He agreed and I have to admit that it was nice to reach across the bed under the covers in the dark room and hold his hand.
Following pulmonary embolism, many patients experience some intermittent residual shortness of breath and activity intolerance for a few weeks to months afterward. This is expected and will most likely resolve over time.
"Okay." The word was quiet and breathy, and Sherlock closed his eyes, leaned his head back against the seat, and hoped for the best.
"When you wake up, of course. And until you wake up." Their eyes meet, an intense connection, a please stay, a please be okay.
"How bad was it, really. Because I have only vague memories." He frowns, and John understands that Sherlock dislikes not knowing every little detail. The critical illness, the amnestic effects of the medications, the missing block of time all had a part in that.
Actually managed to join Sherlock on a case, Rosie at a minder, and I can't even begin to actually detail all the issues, the troubles, but suffice it to say there was an unsafe raid, and the potential for all sorts of ... well, actually it could have been dangerous. It actually gave me a bit of a nightmare later, waking up drenched thinking I'd nearly left Rosie without either parent now. It was quite unpleasant and I find myself hoping that, eventually, he'll stop asking me to join him. I just can't ...
Rosie harrumphed at him. "I think you should at least get married, make it official. Uncle Mycroft could officiate." Sherlock opened his mouth to protest at that but she shushed him quickly. "And I want to wear something formal and fancy."
"Oh, we know. The anaesthesiologist is quite aware - and especially skilled. But he started to complain of some shortness of breath. His vitals are all okay, though."
A charged moment between them threatened to explode as they looked at each other, John cool and rational, Sherlock vibrating with irritation. "I don't think so."
Not exactly where I'd hoped to leave them in this chapter but it's longer than I'd expected (yes, the chapter count is rising by at least one) and I
Morning sounds in London were a far cry from the sounds in their weekend retreat, their getaway, their haven. Traffic was muted, muffled, much less in volume and what little there was, more steady in speed, less start and stop of the cars. No delivery noise could be heard. There were no horns, no screeching tyres, not nearly the amount of doors slamming, of footsteps, the hustle of commuters. There was no morning Speedys customers seeking their daily jolt of caffeine beneath them.
Rosie snuffles in the metal, industrial hospital cot, where she is resting but less restless against the pale pillow. Her favourite stuffed animal peeks out from under her arm with the IV in it. It strikes John
[Please update your settings. The operating system detects that some of the apps may be corrupted and maintenance may be required]
For another few minutes, he held Sherlock's wrists in turn between his hands, rubbing, smoothing, holding. His warm fingers and motions very quickly made the ridges less noticeable, less prominent, as they resolved. As he worked, he took note of the relaxed posture, the shoulder angles, the way his position against the pillow eased, settled. Long fingers relaxed too, in his grip, as he rubbed, stroked, and touched.
"This is already day three of five. Another forty-eight hours, Sherlock. Any sooner than that is ... ill-advised." Even from across the room, John sees that Sherlock's annoyance is escalating and goes for logic, safety, and will pull out sentiment if needed. "It's brain protective, mate. Stroke prevention. You can't mess with that and there's very little argument."
." There was another smirk. "And I'm not the one that the press used to refer to as confirmed bachelor, either, as you recall."
He crouched near Sherlock, touched tentative fingers to his arm before stepping away again. There was a moment, a connection, a cry for reassurance, and John waited patiently, hands in his pockets, for a few moments before speaking. "I know. You've had a lousy couple of days. I'm sorry it happened, that you need some follow-up."
In the end, he actually says absolutely not one word about this photo. Commentary is completely unnecessary.
"I am helping you. Surely, someday you will understand. When you have a reason to be clean, to stay clean." The brother sighs, tightens the screws. "Someday, maybe you will meet someone who isn't interested in an addict. Have you already met, perhaps? Is there a child to consider?" There is a huff. "Need I say more?"
When he looked up to see Sherlock's face, ready for perhaps acknowledging their present connection, he found Sherlock had very quietly slipped off to sleep again.
Moments later, the alarm was going off again, same hypoxia and slower respiratory rate. "Wake up a little, yeah? It's okay to sleep, just take a few deeper breaths." He tapped Sherlock's elbow with his other hand, still clinging to the pulse rate.
"Yes, and it was easy, easier than I thought, switching back and forth between Dari and English, helping them."
At his shrug, John searched and found it beneath the couch. Thankfully there was battery and it had finally found service. He dialed nine nine nine, and waited for connection.
"And I see, he's wearing one of your tee shirts." His chin raises as he looks at John. "Cute," he sneers just a bit, and then adds, "That simply smacks of adolescent commitment."
Which, of course, Sherlock knew, and his snicker of agreement was short. "Ah yes. She's due home, when?"
John nods and kind of brushes her kindly away. "Thanks, you've been great, but I think we're good." She hesitates. "I've got it from here, thanks."
Sam took a spot at the table, and John joined him, grateful that Rosie's artistic adventure didn't involve making a terrible or otherwise catastrophic mess in the flat. Dodged another bullet, so far anyway. For all John knew, the bathtub was going to be problematic after they were finished, but ...
"Of stopping to listen to the overhead tones when the song played, the Beatles of course, 'Here comes the sun.'" Mike hesitates a moment while about eleven seconds of the song is played, the perfect snippet -
"What?" He tilted his head, again, in wonderment at these Holmes brothers, their backstage manipulations, and their sense of ... power. Entitlement. "No. That's ... not okay."
Taking the paper, John quickly perused the list. It included substance and alcohol abuse, having a concrete plan for suicide (and he could picture the times he either looked at or thought about his weapon), lethality of various means, insomnia, isolation, domestic violence, and human trafficking. There were a few tips and options about how to end a call, including more urgent suggestions such as calling back in one hour or following up the next day, to not being alone, to self-care. "All right. These look pretty complete actually."
"I'm too fond of you to see you defeated." There is truth, more than John had initially intended, in that statement, and he utters a silent, breathy laugh as he realises how true indeed it is.
John considered adding to what he'd said, opted to just let the words hang there, to leave them to sink in. He slid his mobile from his pocket and looked Mycroft in the eye as he wiggled it, the offer to be available if he had any further comments. "If you need."
And then right on cue, Mycroft chirped in that siblings were overrated and he would have almost sold his soul to the devil himself to have been a fortunate, privileged, only child.
"No, not really." The nurse tucked her papers under her arm and disappeared back into the A&E ward. Greg rolled his shoulders a little, enjoying the stretch for a moment. "But I doubt you'll hear from him again."
There is not a doubt in my mind that hugging and physical touch for every child is a driving need that provides security and hope. Even more so for Sameer in this story, who had never had a male parent role at all, to suddenly lose his mother. Kudos to John for paying attention and determining how to carefully, respectfully, and gently figure it out. And of course ... Molly to the rescue.
is owed for that foreknowledge, John thinks - and a pleasant smile. He is barely inside before they hear Rosie stir through the monitor, and John fetches, changes, and dresses her, carries her downstairs.
"I went to find you, last winter. Found some miscreant in that abandoned building over on ..." and he gestured with regal fingers, dismissing the detail "... and also your coat. It was in horrible shape, that long gray one. Tattered seams, ripped. Shambles, truthfully." He clearly had more to say, and John wondered about where Sherlock had indeed lived some of that time. "I had intended to have it repaired but it was not salvageable." There was a bit of a glimmer of interest as Sherlock did hear the genuine kindness in his brothers words. "I trust you will find this to your liking, Sherlock."
John could feel the mood lightening a little, and he had something more he needed to say. "I just want to remind you that you can tell me anything - anything - about your day or what you're feeling or if you're sad. Please don't be afraid to talk to us, okay? If someone's bothering you." Nodding, Sam seemed a little more at peace. "It's almost always better to speak up about something, even something you've done wrong. Waiting doesn't usually help."
"I can beat this." He leans his head down, defeated, knowing that he will not be winning this. Not this time. Not again.
"You sure you're all right?" John asked, his hand grasping her arm, sensing and feeling and intuiting ... something. "Sameer is ...  He wasn't upset or anything was he?"
Intentionally, John simply stared back at Sherlock, his eyes wide, letting whatever emotion play across his face as it came to him, trying to look secretive, and guilty, and then waiting to be deduced. Sherlock's eyes narrowed, he was completely displeased, and before he became more agitated, John finally took pity on him. "No. There's nothing. But you are kind of fun when you're feeling threatened."
"Just stop." He chuckled. "Never mind, here I thought trying to explain myself was something you'd actually listen to."
At his elbow as he rounded the room, looking in through the glass doors, getting a feel for the severity, the instability, appeared the doc who would be handing off the unit to him. "Dr. Watson?"
The first admission. The first vent. More admissions. Watching the stress levels rise. Nurses, staff, even other docs looking to me for calm directions, for leadership. (Were they waiting for panic?) Until the rooms were full.
Smiling, she closed the file. "Sometimes I ask my clients to choose one room, make it orderly. To put everything away, give the mind space to ... rest. To think, and to regain control. I have the opposite assignment for you. Add something. There are a few stores between here and home, stop in, choose something unique. It can be completely frivolous, something small is fine, not expensive, but something that is just for you. Something that gives you a bit of a lift, just looking at it." John tried unsuccessfully to avoid rolling his eyes, but she noticed anyway. "No, I'm being serious. It can be a flower, a favourite snack even -"
He settles back against the chair, tries to relax his shoulders, and gives her what he hopes is an encouraging smile as he sits back. And finds his words, then. "Not nearly long enough."
Rosie didn't seem to really catch the word, so intent she was on staying out of the way, watching the people and the bright clothes and keeping an eye on the barking dog, but Sameer heard it loud and clear. The question was visible on his face but had not yet been spoken aloud when John held up a cautionary hand to him. "When we get home, okay?"
Sherlock had wriggled himself off the couch, leaving his casted leg elevated toward the back of the sofa, his head hanging down. And he was holding his breath, his skin colour a lovely shade of dark purple.
Purposeful steps approached the door, slowing slightly, then there was a brusque rap followed by a voice. "Mr. Holmes?" A pert little blonde stood in the doorway, long crisp lab coat, high tech Littman stethoscope. "I'm Dr. Richards.
"Why, do you have the sense that something's wrong?" John asks the question softly, casually, but does not want to discount that Sherlock's worry is, at least might be, real, but he shakes his head, waiting for John to answer. "Greatest risk is first two hours after collapse. High in the first twenty-four. Much less by seventy-two. And for you, probably even less because of the quite aggressive early management." John knows he needs to re-center the conversation and go positive. "You've responded very well to everything. The meds, the oxygen, all the times you went to another department for more procedures and monitoring. Treatment. You'll be fine."
"It's lovely." John brushed his fingers over the images, sensing how special it must have been for Sameer to assemble, and he could well imagine Molly labouring over the poses and the efforts to keep it tasteful and meaningful. "Your smile is a lot like your mother's."
"Phew," John breathed, "that's good news." He could feel the tension in his shoulders ease, and he reached out to take Sherlock's hand, their fingers twining together briefly before releasing again.
"Ambulance." John gave his name, then Dan's name and his address, grateful that he'd kept it from yesterday's delivery. "Probable Coronavirus patient. Altered mental status," and the dispatcher gave some instructions and information. John confirmed that Dan would come to their hospital. Into the mobile, John spoke again, "Dan, we're sending an ambulance."
John sort of expects Rob to turn it down, three people (he, Rob, and respiratory) should be quite sufficient. It is telling when Rob nods, his face serious, eyes taking in the patient and the lines and the fact that it's a transport, and he nods.
"What? Hit a nerve? Your perfect little house-sitting get interrupted by weather and ... things requiring your attention?"
"So unfair." Tears had already slid out from the eyes of the nurse, dripping into her mask, and John watched her struggle with a few deep breaths. He knew that to let it all out, on days like this, would be dangerous. Once the emotion would start, it was going to be difficult to contain. She whispered a very shaky, high-pitched thanks, and apologetically looked briefly at him again before pushing the chair in front of her, returning briskly to wherever she needed to be, escaping the board and the photos and him, and the site of where various paths crossed, the patient survived but her co-worker didn't.
But he wasn't listening, instead beginning to shift as if he was going to get to his feet. The resultant cry of pain stopped his movement. "Or not. Little help?" he breathed tightly, pained. "Please."
“For fucks sake. Bloody thing." He set it aside as he fumbled about "Candles. Now, matches ... ” he muttered to himself, thinking too late that he was caught unprepared. Safe lighting should have been his first consideration rather than checking on the house. Because now the darkness was going to be a bit prohibitive. “Eh,” he said again, quietly, as a bit of light flashed, lightning through the windows, “maybe not --”
He enjoys the evening with Rosie, actually arriving in time to finish up her bath, snuggles with her on the couch, reading and soaking in her sweetness and her usual normalcy. Lydia goes out for a walk, to stretch her legs and pick up some shopping, she says, but John knows it is to give them some privacy, some time together without anyone else there. He hands her some money but she declines it, commenting that she's keeping a log and it'll be easier all in one shot. Rosie finishes a snack and some juice, and it is all just so refreshingly routine that John is glad he came back, even though so much of him wanted to be at the hospital. A little later than usual, he tucks Rosie in, procures another few changes of clothes for himself and whatever he needs from their shared room, and then returns to find that Lydia has returned, and he sits to chat with her. Conversation is shallow and superficial, although enjoyable, until he realises that he is exhausted. It hits him quickly.
Ella had asked with a small smile - irritated with his accepting his decommissioning, being invalided home without first pleading his case.
previously. Back in the moment, John engages again, tells Sherlock, "Don't forget to cough. Hard, and without holding that area for support."
"It will be," Mycroft told them, then faced John, "which is why I wanted to come over here and personally make sure that you're certain."
"It wakes you, these breathless attacks?" In answer Sherlock closed his eyes, the frown of his eyebrows admitting that it had. "You didn't think maybe to mention it?" John let go of his wrist and strode briskly to where he kept his medical bag, removed his stethoscope, spent a few minutes listening. Erb's point. Sherlock's precordial chest. "Irregularly irregular. And very fast." He listened to other areas, finding both lungs clear despite the shallow effort.
Rosie, at nearly eleven, was off at a programme through her school, an academic immersion camp experience where her efforts at science had won her the award, a spot on the trip with one of her teachers and a few other area students. The programme was three weeks duration, and so far she'd only been gone half that. They'd agreed on a regular evening text message exchange, and that too had been working. She was enjoying herself, making new friends, and 'not missing you at all papa.' This was followed by a winky emoticon.
Things could have been so different. I wouldn't be here typing into an online journal by myself for starters. But ... I didn't, and he didn't. And these are my choices. (and what was I thinking, considering inviting him along to something like this? He would have been an absolute nightmare in a room of strangers, honestly)
"Fine." He smiles then, more of a sincere one than John has seen, and it's rattling. Disarming. "Later today, we will be in touch. I would assume that you would like to meet and settle the au pair personally?"
Sherlock fussed before Mycroft had even arrived. "My brother is on his way. For some reason, he has warned me ahead of time and I'll be leaving now."
Bosco perked up his ears and seemed to smile at his family, looking inquisitively among them. His tail thumped rhythmically against the ground but that wasn't enough. He seemed to know that all were watching him and waiting, so in his excitement, he dashed over to the dwindling woodpile, picked up his ball, and brought it back to the cluster of people. This time, when the ball was thrust into John's hand, there were no grumblings about the slime.
"No, I don't think you do. It has been several times that it has fallen to me to be the one to have him ... involuntarily admitted for rehab." John is grateful that he doesn't use the word 'sectioned,' although that is likely what he is referring to, what had actually happened. Mycroft's skin, his face, is suddenly pale, his hands trembling just a bit, about which he is completely self-conscious and surreptitiously buries them into his trouser pockets. "I don't know how much you remember," and his pale eyes lock onto Sherlock's, "but all of that is vividly ... unpleasant for me, as if it were yesterday. And I have no wish to ever repeat any of that."
At the next stop, Euston Square, he exits the car, not realising how terrible his cough actually sounded until someone actually grabs his elbow, asks if he is all right. "You should maybe get that looked at, mate." It is more out of annoyance than concern, given that the speaker keeps on moving past, away.
A few minutes later, or a much longer span of time, he surfaced again. This time, his eyelids responded and he blinked them open. From his vantage point still on his left side, there were shiny chrome bed rails in his immediate line of vision. And between them, in a folding padded chair holding a newspaper sat John Watson. His eyes flicked over, noticed Mycroft, and the newspaper lowered marginally. "You mean it this time? Seriously, you've awakened like four times now."
Sherlock seemed to have erected a wall about him, where he'd already said goodbye and wanted nothing further. There was a lump in John's throat that he didn't really understand, but he said goodbye and trotted down the steps, wondering when - and if - he'd ever see Sherlock again.
"What's happening?" Sherlock asked later that night, after dinner. Rosie was long tucked in bed, and they were sharing the couch, watching a TV program, mindless entertainment.
Sherlock narrowed an eye, a little frustration visible around the edges of his face. He hazarded another guess, although a ridiculous one. "Little boat tour on the Thames?"
He was still chuckling about that as he climbed into the bed, where Sherlock waited in their darkened bedroom.
Oh yeah and I remember his hand on mine and being a little bit relaxed and floating probably medications and then all of a sudden his hand was gone and I panicked and thought he had left me. Or died too. I think maybe I was dreaming and he was telling me to keep my eyes on him like that damned mobile call from the bloody roof. His bloody note.
The case had been a gradual build, a potentially exciting if not somewhat perilous, risky evening that had ultimately almost disintegrated, fallen short. Hours previously, Rosie had been dropped off at Molly's, and the girls were both looking forward to not only the evening but breakfast and a spa day tomorrow. The case solved, but without the fanfare and drama that Sherlock reveled in, without the satisfaction of complicated deductions, of showing off, and the attention, approval, and admiration of those present.
"And now. I don't see you as anyone who gives up. You're not a quitter." When she spoke again, it was perhaps more intense, the words and her tone conveying importance, and though he couldn't see her, she leaned forward. "So, where were we? Sports? Playing or spectating, actually."
Handing Sherlock the remote, John began to eat, and they were mostly silent for a bit, the movie referenced earlier failing to hold Sherlock's interest, light from the telly casting a soft glow around the room. It wasn't long before the darkness descended completely, the sounds of the street outside settling in for the night. John refilled their tea, decaffeinated at this hour, carrying plates to the kitchen as he did so, and when he returned, Sherlock had moved over to the couch and patted the cushion next to him. The throw blanket from the back was in his other hand.
John shrugs, "I'm sorry it happened, but really, try to keep that area quiet. A few moments later, he adds, "I don't think I just held all that pressure for you to move around too much, dislodge the clot."
"Shame about Liverpool's season, this whole bloody virus. Because I love a good football game too." John thought of the days long past when he and Greg would meet up for a pint, watch a match. He nodded at the patient, staying focused. "I know your back hurts, but we can help. Pillows and bed angles. As often and as long as you can." John touched the patient on the arm to get his attention. "Because if you don't, I'm not sure there's going to be another game in your future." He hated to lay it out there like that, but it was reality, and sometimes there just wasn't a way to sugarcoat it. "I'll give you a minute. Because I think before the day is out, if you don't, we're going to need to place that breathing tube. Think about that football game with your son."
John knows that, in Sherlock's mind, this is unfixable. Untenable. "Not that much longer, actually. Day after tomorrow."
There was nothing, not even the knowledge that he even had a brother until a few seconds before he saw him, the approach, the opening up, the deluge of memories.
Allison spoke quietly, calmly, as she manoeuvred the scope around. "Here's LV, mitral valve looks great. All we need actually, a few housekeeping images first," and she worked with the echo tech, well coordinated as they viewed and snapped images of chambers and valves. John watched the screen, watching the activity of valves, muscles, contractility, systole, diastole, all working together except for the quivering even he could identify of the atria, the irregularity of the snapping of the valves, the quivering of the muscle. It was a sobering experience, seeing this part of Sherlock, this piece usually hidden. His heart rate had slowed a bit, thankfully. Finally, a few adjustments of the camera angle using a dial, and Allison began narrating again. "So right over here, just a little, coming into focus now, looking for that left atrial appendage, that boot section. He's pretty photogenic here, it's ... right there. See? No clot, looks very clean." The echosonographer snapped a few more images, recording the various angles. "Good. We're done with this part, I'll just run the aorta on our way out."
"Are you on top of a building now?" With new concern, John listened, and found the acoustics consistent with at least being outside. There might've been a faint breeze as if he was also high up, an echoing open sound.
"It was as they were getting ready to start the procedure, you were really fighting the sedation, so I mentioned that as a ... distraction."
For a few moments, stretching into an uncomfortable gap, Sherlock pondered the question. "I promise," he said softly, "that I will try."
The switch flipped, subconscious to awareness, and reality descended in a wave of unpleasant anxiety.
John swallowed around the lump that had formed in his throat at Sam's skillful negotiating and at Rosie's thoughtfulness. When John didn't answer right away, Sherlock smirked and muttered, "We could do a veritable rainbow, perhaps."
"Great," John says, then his eyes grow a little kinder. "Actually, then, what are the chances, when you get a moment," and he crosses to the backpack on the counter, "that we could please get some hot water?" From within the bag, he pulls out two ceramic mugs and two tea bags. Sherlock's favourite blend, an earl grey.
"Of course I would. It's natural now. Everyone who is honest would agree that they are a little worried." Their hands touched, met, and Sherlock's long fingers intertwined with John's cooler ones. "Thanks for trusting me. It'll be all right."
"No, that's all right." Sameer's words were kind as he smiled up at her, and even from her vantage point next to him, she could see that he was approaching excited about the idea. “Lamb is good.” There was still a worried look about him, and he added, "If you're sure that's all right. And tomorrow, I can ask papa to give you money?"
Thanks for hanging in there with this story. I'm posting now because to edit more is certainly an example of the Law of Diminishing Marginal Returns - not a lot of improvement and quite a delay in finished product.
"I know." John doesn't need to remind him that he was taking that pill right on schedule, and that he had indeed remembered albeit inconveniently.
Lunchtime finds them with a similar discussion, and John thinks Sherlock looks a little green about the gills. "What isn't right?" he asks. "Are you having pain?" When Sherlock looks up at him, a guarded set to his features, John tells him, "I can tell you just don't feel quite yourself."
And mostly, the role is rather true. They are indeed a family. Now moreso than ever. Idly, his thumb reaches up, checking, feeling the warm, smooth metal. It's real.
Sherlock was also frowning as he took note of the way John entered the flat, curious, puzzled, and on his feet in rapt attention.
"Yes. It's like ... I can feel him. Feel them." Her eyes are wet, just a little, as she watches John’s mostly grown grandchildren amble along the rock wall that leads back from the cottage, the frog and the chipmunk scurry away to delighted laughter as the sunlight shifts in dappled patterns through the lower tree branches.
John settles back on the couch, his fingers intertwining with Sherlock's, and he is peripherally aware of Sherlock's level of distress - minimal. His breathing is steady if a little more rapid. He crosses his ankles, choosing his words with care. "I remember when I was little, I so wanted to stay up late. Past bedtime, fear of missing something I suppose, not tired, all that happy nonsense? As if there's something magical about it, staying up late. And I couldn’t do it. I would always end up falling asleep. You probably did this too, yeah?" Sherlock makes a noncommittal noise that might be agreeing, but he is completely still, waiting, very engaged, his hand unmoving within John's. "I think it's probably like that. You don't remember falling asleep on the couch. Next thing you know, you wake up in your bedroom with no recollection of how you got there. Or when."
Mycroft watched him carefully as he nodded, letting his eyes drift closed in docile acquiescence, but he wasn't buying the subdued demeanor one iota.
John's eyes grew darker, his hand coming out to reach subconsciously for Sherlock's arm, a flicker of only his gaze to Sherlock's mouth.
John could certainly recall multiple times when he'd fussed at Sherlock for breaches of privacy. His own, particularly in the bathroom, whether bathing, brushing, or other functions confined by necessity to that room, Sherlock didn't care. If he wanted in, well, in he burst. A few times, John had nearly been dragged from the shower mid-wash for something Sherlock deemed urgent. His belongings had certainly been violated, and he could still well remember the jumper that Sherlock had slashed, decimated, shredded, and then ignited in the name of science. Or in mere destructive tendencies.
Eventually, he is dressed and seated unhappily in a transport wheelchair. There is an oxygen tank in the metal cage on the back that belongs to the hospital, and across John's shoulder is another tank in a velcroed holder that is a rental for their use. A volunteer is holding the few bags of belongings that they are taking with them. Even the simple, assisted tasks of getting dressed, which John helps with, have left Sherlock breathless, and John makes them wait a few minutes before pushing Sherlock from the room to make sure that his breathing is at least settling in the right direction.
John ponders the room, the morning he's had, the hot cup of coffee in his hand, the knowledge that he will only be relegated to the waiting room immediately. "You know, I think I'll wait here, unless you need me to help push --"
"Sounded like he was going to Interventional Radiology after the CAT scan." John hears some unspoken subtext underneath her words. They found something. Something that required immediate attention. There had been enough urgency that they hadn't even cleaned the room as they'd rendered care. And it still hadn't been done.
A faint nod came first, one of heartfelt understanding. "I'm glad," Sam whispered, "because I don't want to lose you, too."
But oh he had loved those few moments in between during that dark, dark period, when dreams were absent, in the span of time between awakening and remembering.
Gone were the days of the family coming to the unit. Although visitors were beginning to be allowed in the general floors, no one was permitted in the covid units. No one. No exceptions.
Squint as much as necessary as you ignore the "fiction" of whatever medical programme John was in as well as the length of time covered in this chapter. Yes, I know, probably four years and then a fellowship, but ... I don't know, let's just invoke the omnipotence of either Mycroft or fanfiction and press onward, shall we?
Rosie interrupted, her energy and excitement giving way to impatience. "Really, really bad. We know. Yes, bad. We've moved on, blah blah blah." She'd certainly been told, had read, researched, and asked many questions about the pandemic, the trauma, the toll on not only her family, but the nation, the world. To her it was old news. "Come on, dad! What is it?"
"... he's actually doing quite well." Sherlock actually snorts at that, and John gives him a bit of a glare. "I could certainly repossess the tee shirt. And the tea, since you seem to think I'm not helping you in any way."
"Oh I'm sure. It's fine, in fact, it'll be good for all of us. Molly's all set." John couldn't help the chuckle. "But I did catch that you're not worried about me, or about them - only how it might ultimately, negatively affect you."
Sherlock's fingers rise to his face, touching his lips, where John's have just vacated. He gives a small smile which fades, of resignation. He nods.
A little while later, a nurse pushes open the door, and John wordlessly reaches out a finger to pause the movie.
It happened at Barts, when they were gathering information, such as once the previous week at the morgue, John reading the bulletin board near the doorway, and the back of his neck prickled. When he glanced over at Sherlock, he was not surprised to find him watching. Their eyes met, the smallest of exchanged smiles, a wink perhaps, and each turned back to what they had been working on and looking at. It was a means of connection, of togetherness, of that query, are you paying attention, that was answered just as easily, of course I am.
John finds that, fifteen minutes later, Mycroft was correct. He and Rosie have shared a scone, along with the reading of her book, a few full body snuggles, and although normally she is in constant motion, for at least some of this time she is a little different. She has certainly toddled around the tables in the cafe, but not for long. It isn't more than a few minutes before she climbs into his lap, tucks her little head against his shoulder, her hand clutching his ear (which he quickly relocates to his collar), her nose in the crook of his neck, and seems to really enjoy just being close to him. He feels exactly the same, her sweet smell and her hair and her pudgy fingers - all things he's been missing. "I'm glad you came to see me," he says to Rosie and means it just as much for Lydia. He sets a mental task to also say thanks to the nurse who overruled him and made the call anyway.
Very solidly, John stood, simply waiting and listening, quite aware that he was in front of the door knob, both he and the door barriers of protection while he waited.
"Stop." John approaches, tries to quiet the fussing and complaining. "When it's time, you'll be allowed to --"
"It kind of has. The safest way to proceed is to start a medication, an anticoagulant in IV form, which I've already ordered for you, called heparin. It prevents more clot from forming while we wait. Then once we are assured there's no clot, while you're still sedated, we can cardiovert you back into rhythm."
A/N to Self: This is it. No more. Leave the bitter hurts and the deep loss and the lingering pain behind. Move forward -  like this final
There was a tap at the bathroom door, and John knew he was languishing under the hot spray, didn't care. "Need anything?"
"Okay, then, how about this instead: keep still or you run the risk of losing your leg." Or worse, John doesn't say.
John sighed again as he pondered his most current predicament. For all the pieces of his life, there wasn't actually that much he would consider to be going well. Progressing, maybe, but at a price. The bank account, nearly empty, and bills had escalated. Again. Med school, stressful classes, and hoping for senior surgical resident next rota. The money - or lack of it - was the fire burning brightest. Between med school expenses, housing, helping Harry out (again), and needing to replace a few of his more threadbare items of clothing, he needed this job.
3. No shoes of any type permitted inside beyond that of the entrance doors. Use the shoe racks provided for storage so as not to clutter the domicile.
"Well, good, because I've been waiting in line for your rotation, so I could come to you. Let about six people go ahead of me while waiting."
Their knuckles brush together as they walk the paved path through the walled-in garden park under dusky, heavy London clouds. The overcast day, humid but not raining, and they have sought an outing. Her gait, a little shuffling and off balance, sore hips and knees from arthritis after all these years, yet still they enjoy the fresh air, a walk, people watching, and camaraderie. The ring on her left hand, the setting ancient, the diamond small on the dullish gold band, all they could afford at the time, is etched, worn, and loved. It adorns a hand that has held flowers, a veil, their newborns, his face, his future, his arm on various excursions and events, the keys to their first home, his hand many times along many, many walks, grand babies, their ever-growing pile of health records, a cane when it has been needed, the occasional medication bottle, the magnetic door pass to their new assisted-living flat.
"I am quite aware of what fifty percent means." His chin lifted as he pressed the disconnect button on the screen of his mobile and exhaled, his breath shaky. The car slowed down as the hospital building came into view.
The lull before wave one, hallways quiet and eerie. Empty rooms ready, staff on edge, not knowing what to expect, fearful and a little excited. Looking back on that now, god how innocent we all were. We will never - I will never - get that innocence back. We had no idea what was coming.
It is a final journey. But a journey nonetheless, with an origin, a departure from where he has been - and a destination, an arrival. Right now, he is somewhere in the middle. Not quite where he started, but definitely not where he's headed, either.
The tissue paper falls away and she makes a huge exclamation of surprise and pleasure when she is left holding a stuffed, floppy eared bunny. It is pale blue with big eyes and a satiny bow.
Discharge is actually kind of a high-risk time. The amount of education that goes on in a typical discharge is overwhelming, with medications, precautions, instructions and patients and caregivers alike are worried about the changes ahead. Even for these two, a well-educated physician and a consulting detective, there is a lot to manage.
"I know. Hopefully ..." he left the phrase dangle, then amended, "Rest if you can. Hopefully by tomorrow, we'll be able to get you out of here. I wish I had antibiotics, and proper imaging." Because of the inadequate lighting, John'd had to feel around digitally to make sure he'd got all the fragments out best he could tell. There had been, of course, some fresh bleeding when he'd slowly and gingerly removed the wooden foreign body, then placed sutures to close the edges of the wound bed. There hadn't been much gauze to choose from in his meager supplies, but he'd wrapped the leg and secured the white dressing with silk tape. So far, there had been no further bleeding. "I wish I had something for pain. Now that you're settled, maybe some alcohol might help, if you're interested."
These are the last coronavirus words for me. I'm done with it and just waiting for our new healthcare normal. This final piece is in memory of G. Rest in peace and fly high, my friend. We will take care of J.
Sherlock hesitated only a moment while Molly cut the cake, and once one piece was plated, he raised it to Rosie's chin. "Here, this is for Uncle Mycroft, in the hopes you'll reconsider. Extra bacteria for him, please."
"You too, really," she said, her voice thick. Over her mask, John could see her eyes welling up, and even with her personal demons of this disease, she was still reaching out, her viewpoint taking in more than just herself. He knew it was healthcare summed up: caring despite the cost.
, on another. They will eventually be placed as a hallway memorial, the tribute wall entitled ‘Heroes’ is already selected.
"Soon. I'm going to need a couple of weeks, give me time to taper down my hours with the Crisis hotline."
John knelt next to her. "Remember, you and I talked about this just yesterday, and you did a great job keeping the surprise. Remember, I explained this?"
John watched Sherlock's face, showing signs of the acute struggle within, of his trying hard to do as John asked yet driven by his internal demons perhaps. The fight waged war within, eyes relaxing then startling open, crinkle lines of his brow changing shape but never going away completely. The fear written in subtext became boldly emblazoned when he caught sight of the cardiologist pick up a piece of plastic.
The craving, the need, the want - hunger - desire, seemed to sizzle and fester inside. It was a restlessness that burned inside his skin, his brain, the wiring of his synapses, his serotonin receptors all reprogrammed to drive him toward the habit that he knew was taking him over. A mutiny had been staged at his behest, his permission, and at the expense of ... according to his parents, his bloody brother,
Sherlock's breathing is exertional by the time they finish a brief stop in the loo - teeth, toilet, hot flannel for his face - and John works a bit of magic when Sherlock almost trips on his oxygen tubing trying to get into bed. Both are grateful for the extra-long tubing that attaches to the concentrator that John has relocated to a more central location in the hallway. The pillow barely crinkles under Sherlock's head, the curls settling lightly on the pale linen and over his pale face.
"We'll have you step out for a few minutes, then, John," Dr. Nguyen says to him kindly, gently. "Waiting room, okay? I'll come talk to you as soon as I can."
Unable to call and cancel his appointment, not in time anyway, he rustled himself and then growled as he swung his tired legs over the side of the bed. Even the growl, he realised, was lackluster.
"Even with that, his NIH is still down to a zero." Rob gestures at the paper printout that he’d written on then placed on the foot of Sherlock's bed, referring to the scoring scale that is used when assessing patients for signs of a stroke.
Over the next hour or so, the room remained candle-lit only, Sherlock's mobile remained off-line, and John did what he could with the open air room. Which wasn't much save to remove what was easily retrieved from the room and block off the doorways best he could to keep out the wind. The water damage already was severe. Perhaps when the day cleared, he would be able to find some plastic sheeting to drape over the damage.
John's lips thin out as, dyspeptic, he tamps down on the immediate urge to downplay, to deflect. To reassure, to placate, but ... no ... just, no.
John is calm. After years of unexpected sequelae of living with the nutter, of finding a body hanging nearby or a head in the refrigerator, of all the (wonderful) drama that goes along with Sherlock Holmes, he is nonplussed. He wishes he had a newspaper in his hand to shake nonchalantly, to continue reading it. To ignore what Sherlock was doing, not engage in a minor battle. "Nurse call's next to you in the bed when you decide you need that again."
"You're not undersized either, by the way," Sherlock whispered, his hand snaking down along John's chest only to be snagged by John's quick grasp.
"My life was mostly working." John considered the truth of his assertion. He had primarily thrived at his pre-army job, done some research on his off hours - work-related of course, and picked up extra time when there was a need.
"Sit, stay," John growls, then realises, adds, "Good boy," as a snarky addendum. "Truly, just settle. Once this stops bleeding, ta very much for that, by the way, I'll help you get dressed. Brought you an actual change of clothes. And everyone goes out by wheelchair."
We lost a provider at the very beginning, who knew that he was at-risk just given his age (61) and potential exposure (an intensivist who would be responsible to care for Covid patients). After leaving the hospital initially he worked in the office ostensibly to see patients, but apparently even that was too much, and he sequestered himself in his private office and wouldn't see any patients other than by tele-health. He even refused to interact with staff, citing exposure concerns. I believe there has now been an official and complete resignation.
. He didn't care. There were physical cravings as well as the obsession, the mental energy, the draining of his motivation as his focus became most unwholesome. His reason for sitting upright was singular and compelling.
"Sure, moments away from cracking your cast. Or your head." He tugged, firmly, until Sherlock was back on the floor, and given that neither cane nor crutches were anywhere within reach, he pressed again until Sherlock was seated. "That," he indicated the fiberglass cast, "should be elevated. To prevent swelling, remember?" Stubbornly, Sherlock stayed put, silently protesting. "As was explained to you quite clearly when it was placed."
It can be hard to realistically identify the people who do truly care about you when your perspective is so limited by whatever problems are plaguing you at the time. Both John and Sherlock in this chapter have people who care, who would like to reach out, or who do manage it, and are having trouble seeing it.
A short time later, he is brought to the room. An ultrasound technician is just finishing up, wiping down her equipment and working at the console.
sounds like fun," Sam muttered with a sweet smile and a chuckle. If nothing else, he and Sherlock had made sure he understood sarcasm. And boy, did he ever.
A week or so later, a few days on the seemingly last ditch efforts of the ECMO therapy, it seemed as if there were no tools left in the kit, nothing further to add except more suffering and more days of misery and torture. John had been updating his wife daily, being as gently realistic as he could. He'd been contemplating the upcoming discussion of medical futility later on, so first thing he stood at the doorway watching through the glass. The nurse at the bedside noticed him there, tapped on the monitor and pointed to one of the readings. It was a slight - very slight - improvement.
Settling back in the quiet, almost too quiet flat, John exhaled and the throbbing in his head eased as he settled back in his chair. They would get through this too.
The doctor had hedged as he'd updated him, using words like "possible hypoxic brain injury" and "encephalopathic related to ingestion of toxins" but cautioned a few separate times in the course of conversation, that it was too soon to tell, that they would have to wait and see, that Sherlock's youth was in his favour.
"If it helps," John says quickly, "I'm a physician. So, no one's told me, but ... pulmonary embolism?"
"What part of no --" Sherlock's stubborn words were interrupted by the quick placement of John's hand on his shoulder. A stony glare went from the man in the bed to the one sitting close by, and although John resisted the urge to dig his fingernails into Sherlock's muscle there, he thought about it. Loudly. "Go ahead," he said finally, petulant.
"Sherlock," John said after a moment, knowing the nurse was waiting for some sort of acknowledgement.
"Pffft," Sherlock makes a puff of his own, places one hand over his face, and leans his head back against the back of the chair, his eyes drifting closed.
John considers the rating scale list that's posted at the surgery, where no patient will ever see it, that lists a pain scale complete with pain ratings with an added column for smartphone usage. The more apps, the longer the patient uses it, the less actual pain no matter what they describe. It's kind of brutal but very true and more than one nurse adds this to her verbal summary when prepping the physician to meet the patient along with the chief complaint. So, Sherlock asking for his mobile is a good sign, and so John finds it in the closet, where his belongings have been stashed and crumpled into a plastic bag. He presses a button. "It's here. Deader than a doornail. I'll bring a charger tomorrow."
The standoff lasted a few moments and was moved to resolution by John. "The longer you wait, the more you risk getting bumped down on the schedule again."
"Hope is what keeps us here, what deep down is why we have not thrown up our hands and said fuck it all --
The word died in his throat as he heard a noise. The faint flicker of a lighter meeting the end of cigarette, two hands and an angled jaw illuminated briefly across the room, the flare of a draw as the cigarette found ignition, glowing red. “Idiot.”
His skin tingled, his heart absolutely racing, pounding, escalating, beating so fast that it felt as if he were going to explode. A cramping spasm in the center of his chest felt especially ominous, restrictive and tight, and he couldn't catch his breath. There was heat followed by dizziness chased by an awareness that he - his lifestyle, his entire life, habits, cravings - had indeed hit absolute rock bottom. Vaguely he recalled Mycroft's words -
Dear me, all this MCD has triggered all these heart-wrenching little anecdotes. I do try to leave them more satisfied and fulfilled than angsty.
Laila's mother opened the file. There were some type-written information pages, John's work, vocation, addresses, online presence, military service records. The photos have been deliberately arranged by the solicitor with the one sticking point at the very end. Included are a few zoom lens obtained candids of Sam walking, in the park, one taken at a restaurant seated between John and Rosie, laughing and happy.
One of the aides who'd accompanied the stretcher paused long enough in the hall to grab a blanket from the warmer, spread it over Sherlock. The short trip - hallway, elevator, hallway, doors - finally came to a silent halt, where John was directed into a waiting area. There was a TV, refreshment area, couches, a visitor bathroom, and a rack of informational brochures.
With a huff, Sherlock pulled back a little more, offering up his forearm. "Go ahead, then. If you must."
The automatic doors swished and the newest arrival approached on the other side of the desk. Both took notice of the short stature of the solitary head across from them.
His presence could quiet him when everything else failed. Eventually the violin would help. Substances, not so much. John Watson was another story.
Wide eyes, blinking, stared back as if by their intensity, John would understand. "So if you don't want me to move out, but the opposite, could it be ..." He knew his voice was audible but soft and careful, as if he was approaching a wild animal on high alert. The parallel didn't escape him. "Cold feet?" he breathed, more quietly, wondering.
Rosie elbowed her way into John's lap, no longer content unless she was right in the middle of things. She considered the grouping, then pointed at both of the smaller photos. "My mama. And your mama." Her brow wrinkled. "Did they know each other?"
"Me going to work doesn't let us do that, neither of those cliches, actually." He hesitated, though, after turning out the light, plummeting the sitting room into comfortable darkness, the hints of street lights that managed to sneak behind the drapes. "I just, it's hard to explain. Going to bed, escaping, it at least gives me the illusion that nothing can get us there."
Sam was in the shower, Rosie was already in bed, and John had just made a discovery in Sam's backpack, while checking for remnants of food before it spoiled or made a mess inside.
John heard the subtext, that Mycroft was actually admitting that he was afraid. "No, it's no problem, long as you already cleared it with your doctor."
Sherlock burrowed his hands back under the covers and seemed to be stubbornly staying right where he was, leaving John to ponder this latest strop, this temper tantrum. He alternated between the newspaper, the news program on TV, and his mobile. Until inspiration struck, as he watched Sherlock make sure the blankets were tucked in, as if he were chilly. Or perhaps making just enough movement to keep reminding John about his predicament, to keep his attention.
Sherlock is resting, sort of dozing, and John figures he is sort of paying attention but he doesn't ask any questions or otherwise draw attention to their newest concern. Of possible devastating new findings.
There were times it snuck up on them, at one of the low-risk scenes they were investigating with Greg, the realisation of one of the germane pieces of evidence, or when someone else made a comment that triggered something, a memory, a reminder. On some occasions, all it would take was something ordinary, but they would look at each other, glimpse the other's expression, and it almost made conversation unnecessary. It happened when they passed, or heard about UCL Hospital -
"You absolutely did. I got a great look at you, interrupted the whole thing. You were ... well, fairly out of it. Desperate." Feeling that he certainly didn't want to give the man grief after the obviously stressful day he'd had, he made sure his tone was light. "So I'm glad you reached out, called the hotline. Though I'm sorry that today was especially --"
A pair of muted blue and green plaid pair of sleep pants is in front of him, along with an oversized tee shirt. "It's not ideal, but it'll help." Sherlock's expression turns annoyed. "What? What's the matter?"
He'd slouched in the waiting room chair, stretched out in one of the recliners, paced a little, and startled every time someone came to the door. The unfriendly red signs on the automatic sensored doors, "Absolutely No Admittance:  OR Staff Only Beyond This Point." He'd been told it might be upwards of an hour or two, and even though that hadn't fully elapsed yet, time was passing very slowly.
But John's wasn't about to give in, and so he spoke up, hoping to defuse things, lower the irritation, feeling a bit like he was all alone in his protectiveness. Despite the fact that he and Sherlock'd discussed it, agreed on it, it fell to him to be the enforcer. As usual, he realised. It had all been mindless drivel to Sherlock until John explained that the slightest possibility that he could bring home an illness that, although if Sherlock or Rosie got it from him it would be unpleasant, for Mrs. Hudson it was statistically likelier to cause real problems:  then he'd finally given in. John knew Mrs. Hudson enjoyed providing for them, so he did answer her. "That's lovely, and yes, we so appreciate it."
"They're wanting him downstairs." She assures him, "They want to take a look again, as they'd said last night."
off of any structure seems a particularly personal, low blow - back at him. Instead, he reminds himself that medical professionals are just not as uncomfortable as basically everyone else in the entire universe when it comes to discussing bodily functions. He chooses the high road and waits for Sherlock to look at him, and their eyes meet. Despite Sherlock's protests and yes, embarrassment, John can see that he is actually uncomfortable and just perhaps, looking for help. But in a roundabout, indirect way. John knows he can oblige him in that, opts for a redirection again. Rolling his eyes, yet again, John chuckles. "Seriously? You do realise that --"
"Good," she affirmed. "Pain?" He shook his head no. "So your blood pressure is better because you're pumping blood more efficiently. But in order to get you back in regular rhythm, normal sinus rhythm, we have a couple of options. First of all, an echocardiogram to see if there's visible clot. That's usually done in conjunction with an endoscopy, a tube into the oesophagus that you swallow, which ..."
"Perhaps that would ... help." John watched as Sherlock's shoulders lowered, the tension abating a little. "But if you do kick, so help me, I will kick back."
John watched the cigarette, the almost sensual enjoyment, the choreographed exhale. "You shouldn't be smoking in here."
The address in John’s mobile was proving more complicated than it should have been. He’d been told his next customer -
"I live with a physician, I'm sure we can --" Sherlock's voice holds a tinge of desperation, and John positively hates hearing it. John takes hold of Sherlock's hand, squeezes once, and Sherlock begrudgingly stops speaking. "No," he finally says, a little bit question, and more than that, his expression of dissatisfaction.
"Fair question. None of them sent me your direction, if that's what you're wondering. We'd kept a file, and when I went to close it, something ... intrigued me. I simply reviewed the employee hiring and firing records. Thought there might be a connection."
"You were watching for me." He looks down, sees John's shoes. "You were actually going to come out and find me. You want more tea."
"I'm sorry." John didn't recognise the photo of the nurse she was indicating, but she was smiling and vibrant. "Sorry for your loss."
John chuckled. "Right. Let's not recall our history, not to mention med school, front lines in Afghanistan, working in the surgery, experience as a doctor, all for --"
or something ridiculous?" John placed a warm hand over Sherlock's bristly arm to calm him down after the word 'fiddle' was spoken. Mycroft snickered and continued, "What does that have to do with me?"
"Oh for gods sake, John. Imagine me in a social situation, insulting your friends, being generally rude. Wasn't that the term you used to describe me the other day? Rude?" The verbal exchange between Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson had been mortifying, actually, and John had taken Sherlock to task afterward. "Just go. Have fun at your little pedestrian gathering, although nothing about it sounds fun to me."
"This is stupid." Sherlock said for the fifth time since they'd arrived, as servers brought around little trays of family friendly hors d'oeuvres, beverages, and napkins for the guests. They were in a garden reception, this event Mycroft had invited them to, and knew absolutely no one in attendance (yet) at the very small gathering. Sameer and Rosie had found some amusement in one of the many fountains, but John was concerned that they probably wouldn't hold their interest for long.
John did not get any closer, but with the slightly lightened mood, he felt that he could offer a diversion. "The nurses in the US have started calling the community outpouring of food, so generous and appreciated, but they're saying that it's contributing to their own Covid 19." Most days in the ICU, there were meals, snacks, deliveries of candy or small goodies brought in by security. It was, John knew, very generous. "It's caught on over here, the Covid 19."
The first time it had happened, when the foundation of their relationship had begun to shift, John and Sherlock had just returned from dinner. It had been a glorious evening, Rosie very well behaved, a little charmer, enjoying being the center of attention. And not just attention from them. The older couple sitting at Angelo's. Angelo himself. And Mrs. Hudson when they'd returned home.
For a few panicky moments I couldn't get these guys ... *ahem* ... where I wanted them and thought this would be dropped to a T rating.  Which is fine, by the way.  [Yes I love quoting that even in RL and find it amusing].  But they manage it (several times), and the M stays.
A couple of nods to Hamilton the musical, once directly in the piece. And a few times in the use [over-use] of the phrase "that would be enough." I considered trying to add something along the lines of "writing myself out of the narrative" but thought it would be too much.
John frowned, remembering his mostly true statements. "So, obviously, you've been here a while then. I smelled smoke my first day here. You triggered the alarm, shut it off. So obviously you've been here long enough to have snooped through my things while I was out."
"You're not helping." He spoke low and urgently. "In fact, you're hindering things by withholding evidence." Another eye-roll. "It's important, their questions. So again," and he touched on the medic's last question. "Are you having sensation of pain in your chest, arm, jaw, or shoulder?"
John had another thought. "Are you feeling all right? No symptoms, fever, cough ... anything? Is that what this is about?" They had talked about the unfortunate increased risk of John’s job, and though they were careful, it was not risk free for any of them, actually. Now that there was actual, bonafide community spread, it was impossible to know where any of them might be in contact with infected droplets.
A quiet lull fell through the building at 221 Baker Street - two tired children upstairs, two sated and sleepy adults seeking slumber on the main floor. Beneath them, one tired not-housekeeper smiled fondly, appreciatively, as she settled into bed herself.
His upstairs bedroom was minimally furnished, his meager belongings ensconced easily in the closet and drawers, and still by far the nicest place he'd lived since ... probably ever. Sherlock, with his injury, his limitations (and the fact that this was Mycroft's connection), had taken the larger downstairs bedroom, which left John actually pleased at the distance from his - at least part time - responsibility.
Sherlock's countenance changed then into something like enthusiasm, and John stopped talking. "If I'd lost my leg, I'd get a prosthetic limb?"
"And so is Rosie, for that matter." Sherlock's toe crept across the sheet to tuck under John's calf. "Where do you think they get that particular trait from?"
"John is - I think it's got Hebrew origins ..." and he typed again, briefly, "Yes, here it is, God is gracious. Being gracious is another way to say kind and polite." John cleared his throat. "Guess I shouldn't yell or swear so much, yeah?"
He hated running late. He'd barely had time to boil the water and get the tea bag into his one and only travel mug before scurrying on along to his appointment.
John's nod was somewhat swallowed by his position, tucked over Sherlock's shoulder and under his chin, but he pulled back enough that their faces were close. "Never again."
"Stop. If you want to go home, these are the rules. I am not assuming responsibility for this behaviour, for your well-being if you're in this much distress." A raised eyebrow lets Sherlock know that John is full stop not kidding. "Just breathe, relax your shoulders, think about ..."
I didn't realise that she was also taking very good care of me until about a week afterward, when I was feeling so alone and sad and discouraged, a card came in the mail. In it, a handwritten note from the nurse, telling me that she too was so sorry I wasn't there with Jack during his final moments, that it was an honour and a privilege to hold his hand. She included a lock of hair, tied in a small ribbon. I had always loved his hair, the thick gray of it. Anyway, I digress. The note was so personal, mentioned our phone calls, how hard he fought. It mentioned that he was listening to symphonic music as she held his hand until he'd drifted off. It included a rhythm strip, of his heart beating. It had been printed during the very moments while I was talking to him on the phone to say goodbye, and it was indeed, time stamped while she was holding the phone up to him, while I was telling him I love you and see you later. Across the top of the rhythm strip they wrote, "To live in the hearts we leave behind is not to die."
He describes, a little monotone, the last evening. Dinner - John'd eaten, Sherlock, a birdlike nibble meant to appease. Pain medication, mindless crap telly, the settling on the couch, John's hand resting lightly over that epigastric area that caused him the most discomfort, willing if he could through the power of his hand to ease the symptoms. Of the soft-spoken, whispered words of love, of thanks, and then seeing Sherlock's eyes close for what would be the final time. The irregular breathing pattern - Cheyne-Stokes - the longer and longer periods of apnea. The faint releasing of muscle tone until finally, the last unanswered exhale.
There are other milestones, too. John insists on a visit to the ICU one morning in order to deliver a personal thank you to the staff. They arrange for a minder for Rosie and carry in a few trays of pastries for both shifts of nurses and whatever physicians might be there. John sees a few familiar faces and is glad that so many of the providers give Sherlock the affirmation of how splendidly he is doing and that they had been so worried at his instability months before. It is also a relief, however, to leave the hospital again.
"You're not still there, right?" Her long hair was still pulled back, and John thought he could still see fatigue, deep and set-in, around her eyes as she spoke. "Haven't seen you lately."
In a very short time, the table was wiped, the worktop restored to order, and the final dish was rinsed off.
The question apparently caught Sonya off guard, and she stood, thinking, eyes downcast, her eyebrows doing their own little frowning action. "With your permission, your blessing of course, I would like to meet him. To say I am sorry. To tell him a little bit about Laila."
Blink, blink. Rosie's lower lip stuck out still while she looked at the bags, at her papa, at Sherlock, at Molly, at Mrs. Hudson, at Sam, and then focused on the little bottle of glistening polish. "Can we do my toes too?"
Sherlock's even trying to have his well-connected and mostly-well-meaning brother get him access to the vaccine as soon as it's available. Mycroft told him that there was no way in hell he would be diverting a vaccine dose away from people who need it more than he does. [I know Mycroft's not a hugger - nor is getting that close to anyone not a household member wise - but there was a little part of me that was tempted to richly reward and acknowledge that very good answer. I swear, it's a rarity and to be celebrated when someone other than me tells Sherlock no.  ;-) ]
"I'm still on pureed food. I can't do much completely on my own yet." His sigh was both discouraged and resigned. "You heard I quit the hospital?"
"One of the nurses is sick. We sent over some stuff. I asked him to call." He realised he was indeed quite distracted, put the phone away. "Not a big deal I guess. He knows what to do." They both recognised the lie - no one could really tell what was a big deal any more. Small worries preyed on a vulnerable or nervous mind, and could indeed become not only troublesome - but dangerous.
Frowning but curious, John turned to pick up the small tablet they kept out for spontaneous ideas, jotting notes, or taking messages. "Okay."
John had returned to the sitting room with a box of photos, most of them randomly thrown in, and he, Rosie, and Sameer spent a nice time looking through them. There was a vast assortment, including a few from John's childhood, Rosie's baby days, and Sameer of course was especially interested in those of John in uniform.
The unit was ... tense. At no time was the COVID ICU a pleasant place, with the staff all looking mildly haunted, concerned, in their stomping out fires from room to room, trying to cheat this godawful disease. Someone had called it a war zone, and while John didn't agree on every level (having lived the war zone, thank you very much), there were certainly similarities. And he'd just walked into it again and could sense the latest battle. Given the stretcher in the hallway, the staff in various spots outside and inside one of the rooms, an admission had just arrived, doing poorly.
"There's a parent meeting soon, next week, I think. And I know it's going to require a lot of work. But the community service, in a place like that," his voice trailed off. "I think I would really like to do this."
"We can talk about whatever you'd like. Or we can ..." He gave Sherlock ample time to back away and waited a moment, searching for permission, for returned interest, for the chemistry that he knew they both felt. Pressing up on his toes, he leaned in toward Sherlock, reaching a hand up to that graceful neck to ease them closer before their lips touched. As first kisses, it was dry and soft, tender and hesitant. "Is this all right?"
"I'm here." John moves again to stand in Sherlock's line of vision, close to the head of the bed. He hears the directive out in the hallway that they are calling for an anaesthesiologist to intubate, that they need the respiratory therapist, that the ventilator is already in the room on stand-by, that someone is retrieving some sedation from the medication pyxis. He stands looking into Sherlock's face, knowing Sherlock needs him to be strong here, to be his rock in the storm, even as he is listening - restraints, RSI protocols, appropriate staff, and all the rest. He holds Sherlock's hand and touches his shoulder. "I'm not going anywhere."
. Surgical patients, any patient at risk of infection (which means almost all of them), do not need exposure to any additional risk. I wish I had a nickel for every time I provided (another) empty chair and tactfully asked visitors to get off the bed in my patient's rooms. And if I have to ask a second time, it might not be so tactful.
"Something you seem to have been neglecting, visiting," Sherlock's eyes were bright again, and he sipped again at the tea. "Too many other things, much more important, obviously."
The muttered 'thank god' is indeed both grateful and relieved. The interventionalist changes languages, as John expects. And appreciates, using fewer words with more meaning. "Hypoxic, rib pain. Spiral CT, and then CTPA showed large," and he changes words and urgencies again, and clarifies, "
It was also good, it was the right thing to do, to go frontline and help out for a season. But all seasons end. I will be glad to finally, officially, eventually, put this one behind us once and for all.
John swallowed over the sudden, thick lump in his throat, grateful that he didn't need to respond out loud. Tapping gently on Sameer's arm, he gestured in a brushing motion with his fingers that he should move over, to slide over on the bed, to make room. There were a few adjustments of the covers, and they lay there, John's feet hanging way over the end of the bed but in peaceful companionship, listening to the rumbling storm move overhead and finally grow more distant.
They've all agreed that leaving Sherlock to rest, cluster activity and assessments, treatments and repositioning, best they can should help him. Early in the evening, more labwork is sent, checking on blood counts, coagulation times to assure the heparin is still running at the appropriate rate, an arterial blood gas just to be thorough, and another metabolic panel. After reviewing the results - mostly expected - Rob offers Sherlock an ice chip, which he takes enthusiastically, and so John ends up with the cup of ice chips and a spoon, to dole out carefully. He is transitioned from the oxygen mask to nasal cannula, and his levels hover right around ninety with high flow rates, which, according to Rob, is marginally okay at this stage of recovery. The arterial line is discontinued, and, because it's an arterial puncture and Sherlock is on an anticoagulant, Rob holds pressure on it for quite a while to assure that there will be no bleeding or oozing from the site. Now that he is off the ventilator and there are no more blood samples to be drawn until morning, he really doesn't need it and will feel better and be safer without it.
There are 5 P's of compartment syndrome: pain, pallor, paresthesia, pulselessness, and paralysis. Some lists include poikilothermia (alteration in temperature between limbs, the affected side being cooler). The biggest tip-off is severe pain out of proportion to the injury. There are four compartments in the lower leg and usually an emergency fasciotomy involves two vertical incisions that parallel the tibia, on the medial and lateral areas of the shin. I have left the specifics deliberately vague because there is very little credible research on field fasciotomy. Either way, compartment syndrome is a medical (surgical) emergency that can cause loss of limb or life. I re-state the tag:  Do Not Try This At Home!
There was mumbling, for which John was grateful, given the tendency he had to mutter things he'd rather Sameer and Rosie not hear too often. Or repeat.
But the effect of the increased intensity, of the force, is instant. And apparently something Sherlock finds quite somatic. Quite pleasurable.
Leaning back in the chair at the bedside, he crossed one ankle over his knee as if he had no inclination to do any such thing. "Partner?"
"No." His eyes were wide and he was clearly, appropriately nervous. "There's still a pulse, you said." John nodded. "So what's the big deal, seems that we can wait?"
A few people had chimed in that they were out of town, or living elsewhere, or a simple "so sad" in response.
John waited, and Sherlock did as well, finally rolling his eyes and then shaking his head. "What letter was Sameer
The translator looked at the woman, who stood there. Her eyes connected with John again as the translator spoke, and then toward the door of the flat. There was more murmuring, Dari, he was almost sure, and John was quite aware that Sam had probably been quite visible from the door.
, long and slim and with just the perfect amount of niggling pressure. He knew exactly when to back off, when to press again, when to adjust, and reduce him to ... well.
Mycroft gave one small, simple nod of his head before looking frontward again. "I believe I have a pair of shoes you might find suitable."
"Entirely your call. I would suggest not rushing, which you're already aware of. Perhaps establish some ground rules? And protect yourself, in case ..."
Their steps slowed again as they reached the front of the house. "I don't know," Sherlock admitted. "I'm not sure I know how."
"Yes," Sherlock hissed through his teeth, resulting in glances from both John and Mrs. H, and he noticed, continued, "because all of life's problems can be solved through carbs and food, calories and cream."
. So taking Rosie in her push-chair to the park was just not on. But Speedy's had a booth in which Rosie could sit and play while the men sipped at coffee. Or tea. And often, shared something baked between the three of them.
He stared back at John as if John'd said something particularly fascinating. "Or maybe I'll get one with a hidden knife blade in it."
"All righty then," she said, obliging, then checking visual fields with the wriggling of her fingers in Sherlock's peripheral vision.
Sherlock gave one, then took the device while the owner hovered. The call connected, and the man stood nearby, listened to the one-sided conversation while guarding his mobile. He spoke a name and was put on hold, briefly, until he heard a familiar, cool voice. Sherlock, low and subdued, said as he tried to mute the desperation, "I find I'm in need of your help." He glanced toward the intersection, read off the street names. There was a pause. "Borrowed it." There was another moment of silence and Sherlock closed his eyes. "I know. You were right." In a small, young-sounding voice, he uttered two more words before disconnecting the call and handing the mobile back.
John nods. Not necessarily a positive sign, the clot is still there and still in need of the direct medication.
"The swearing, though," Sam teased, pulling the pastry plate closer to him, then smiling across at John as he neatly polished off the rest of it.
"Wouldn't dream of it." With a faint chuckle, Sherlock leaned close to John. "Don't ruin it for me."
Instead, John flicked at the newspaper, intentionally turning back to act as if he was in the middle of reading, very casual, and asked, "Problem?"
"You're not." John grasped his elbow lightly, shook it to prove his point, and Sherlock's arm barely moved it was that tense. "Relax it. Rest it in your lap."
"Rosie." There was the faintest hint of a standoff of sorts, Sherlock watching, waiting, and Rosie watching too. Looking for chinks in their armour, probably. She glanced at him, a bit of a sassy glimmer in her eye. Sherlock raised a brow of his own back at her. "Hands off."
"Disagree, on the IV heparin at least. You're a scientist of sorts. And you can't argue with the data." He leans closer, lowers his voice and makes sure that there is not a trace of anger or frustration; Sherlock has enough of that for both of them. "What would be an acceptable risk to you, of risking your brain, risking your lungs, or your life, for your convenience? Thirty percent?"
"I mean it," John breathed, and Sherlock left his hand right there inside John's, their mood unwinding, softening a little.
The chapter opens and ends in the present with some flashbacks and non-linear reflection moments interspersed.
The crew, businesslike, professional, gathering equipment, heart monitor, emergency medications, supplies. "Call for an ambulance sir?" one of them asked.
Dr. Benson and Dawn return a bit later, and Dawn has dragged a computer to the doorway. She makes an adjustment to the IV pump while the doctor begins to explain. "So we're flat another four hours or so, until about one pm, and if there's no oozing or haematoma, we'll start to let him sit up then. So in preparation for that, we're going to start to lighten the sedation a very little bit, see if we can find a sweet spot where he's more just slightly more awake and still calm and cooperative."
The button was activated, there was a brief delay as the machine synchronised with his rhythm, then deploying. Briefly, his chest arched up just slightly, shoulders pressing down and his arms coming off the bed toward center in a quick spasm, and John was initially too busy watching Sherlock to pay attention to the monitor at first. He watched his body relax again, eyes still closed, his breathing even.
Sherlock sighed, knowing Rosie was at the end of her tolerance, her resilience. To John, he spoke low. "No nap today. Exhausted."
. All at the same time, and underpinning all of it was mutual support. It lasted longer than the hazard pay, longer than people long ago clapped for providers at change of shift, longer than the public tolerance of the shut-down and lock-down. John smiled again, resisting the urge to reach out with a supportive touch on the shoulder. "Thanks for the update. Truly good news."
The rest of the ride, the kids ended up looking out the window, and the trip was drawn out with heavy traffic such that Rosie, exhausted by all the fresh air and running about, had almost fallen asleep as they neared home. At one point, still a ways off, Sherlock grew quiet, pensive, speculating and managed to give John a narrow-eyed expectant look, his arm across the back of the car bench, fingers drumming. One eyebrow was raised as if he were irritated and eagerly awaiting something from John.
Typical Sherlock to fuss about something rather than answer the question. "I've never needed medications before. And certainly not enough to justify a list."
Sherlock's arms tightened marginally. "And if you give me a few more minutes, just lay here, I can probably add another variable, something like number of sighs per minute ...?"
Time passes slowly, with site checks and vital signs and mouth care and tucking a pillow behind Sherlock's back from time to time to get his weight shifted around. Marjorie, the cardiologist, returns mid morning. "How're things looking?" she asks of John, who is passing time in the corner of the room having reclaimed his mobile.
Sherlock hadn't mentioned the incident to anyone yet. For the most part, he wanted to be in his own home, to close the door on the outside world, and wait impatiently for time passing to bring about the return to normalcy.
"Ow! Ow! Stop!" Sam moaned, "No more!" reaching to grab at John's hand that had already, almost immediately ceased moving.
Sherlock thought. The sound of John's discomfort, an exhausted groan of pain, had Sherlock adding to his unspoken wish,
"Seems to me you haven't." John slides the folding chair into place at Sherlock's side. "How are you feeling, really? I do want an answer to that."
"No. Rugby in uni when I was pre-med. Watched the occasional football game." He was well aware that his voice trailed off as he recalled the association, a previous football game, an unexpected complication. It was a heavy moment.
"You're in the hospital," John tries to explain things, keeping it to the basics, "This is your room. You're -- hey, leave that alone," but it only buys them a few minutes before Sherlock tries to get at his oxygen again.
Her coffee-bearing friend nodded. "Mostly okay. Waiting to see how bad it will still get, for me anyway. My sister works in the ICU, you know?"
"Yeah, what's wrong with Sam?" Rosie asked, standing with all of her seven-year old sass, arm on her hip. "Why are you taking him to the hospital?"
"I've been watching the toll it's taking on you." Their eyes met, held. "It was noble of you to do, get involved, help in a crisis. But now that it's mostly over, let them get back on their feet and you can move on." He shrugged and then summarised: "It's time."
Their conversation was derailed as the medic shushed them to unbutton Sherlock's dress shirt to fully apply the heart monitor, slide an oxygen cannula under his nose, and then check another blood pressure. All of them, Sherlock included, watched the ECG tracing, the upright spikes of his very rapid complexes narrow and a bit random in spacing and configuration.
Please don't judge those who have behaved like this. I would never presume to cast stones. I think that until you personally are actually looking at that diagnosis, you really have no idea how it's going to feel and how it's going to affect your mental health.
John tries to gentle his words as much as possible, and gives a tentative smile. "We'll make the best of it, okay? One day at a time."
Calmly, carefully, and quickly, John grabbed another handful of tissues, replacing the bloody ones in Sherlock's hands and ushering him a few steps backward until he was sitting on the closed lid of the toilet. "Sit. Stay. Just ..." and he held his palms down, assuring him that all he was to do was simply let John take care of things. "You'll be fine. Just a nosebleed. Hold pressure."
John's chuckle at Sherlock's question was deep, a little throaty, a somewhat raspy, intimate tone. "No. She's gone another six or seven nights." When Sherlock didn't specifically respond to that, John recalled something he'd mentioned at the hospital, about Rosie being away. "The other day, about Rosie, you said something ...?"
"Out of the question now. Attempting transport at this critical juncture would certainly prove --" He stopped himself before using the word
The man smiled a little, an amused arrogant sort. "I'm given to understand that you provided a place for him to sleep overnight?"
He had studying to do, tonnes of it, and therefore had little inclination of getting sidetracked. Or attacked.
Sherlock weighed his responses, thinking perhaps levity or issuing a demand of his own might be the most entertaining. Instead, though, he caught John's ankle between both of his under the table and waited a moment until he was sure John was listening. "You do realise that I enjoy both of the children. Being part of a somewhat - mostly - functional family." John nodded slowly, hearing the earnestness of whatever else Sherlock was going to say. "Rosie and Sam are fascinating, and demanding, and ..."
- clear over time. So he keeps the explanation very brief, assures Sherlock that he is not going anywhere, and that he should rest. And just breathe.
"Leave the front door unlocked in case I manage to get away overnight and just come home on my own."
She made a face at his jibe, came back with a snarky response, "Obviously!" With a tiny grin, she jerked her head at the kitchen table. "Although I did find the prescription bottle over there."
So for all that worrying Sherlock had made these sneaky arrangements and Mycroft and Molly came to get Rosie and Sherlock actually rode in the back of the ambulance with me. It was still a very long and boring and tedious trip. I'm deliberately avoiding writing about nearly losing my shit not to mention my mind at a point where the driver swerved, a close call, that quick reflexed sudden lurching and steering to avoid something. It's pretty awful riding backwards after being in an accident. But thank god he was there I don't know what I would have done if I'd been on my own.
He didn't think he'd awakened for an emergency. Or his mobile. Or a call of nature. Just a ... sense that something had roused him. The room was still quiet but the bed - and his hand was empty - it had become something of a custom to fall asleep holding hands. Or sometimes feet, depending on how cold either of them were.
John wonders only briefly why he hasn't already said yes. "Do it. Yes, that'd be a relief." One less thing John will have to worry about.
"Thank god, there they are." Both of them could hear, off in the distance, the bi-phasic two-toned siren of the approaching ambulance. "I'm going to go meet them soon as they are parked." Quiet, wide-eyed, Sherlock nodded, somehow managing to cling with his gaze. "You'll be okay." Those eyes, pale, cool, pupils dilated in fear, closed. John squeezed a little tighter on Sherlock's hand. Sherlock squeezed back. "I'll be right back up," he said finally, hearing the brakes, the ambulance shift into park, and several doors slamming.
Again, I thank you very much for your services the other day. I worry about him constantly and shudder to think of what might have occurred had you not been so quick both to think and to act.
." John can hear the subtext, that it's actually anything but fine, but in keeping with the tenuous permission, he proceeds. No further words are exchanged as John exposes as little as possible, guides the appropriate body part into the urinal, then replaces the linens so that Sherlock is completely covered again. As much as he can, he angles his body and turns his head, his gloved hand holding the bottle feeling some faint temperature and pressure changes as Sherlock eventually and finally complies, successful in what they have been hoping for.
of potential. The makings of a great man, a diamond in the rough. It called somehow, something deep inside Greg’s core - instinct and empathy - that he had a job to do, tasks above and beyond, to come to the aid of this particular kid.
Not a feel good chapter at all. Dark and terrible covid musings. Fitting for a dark and terrible disease.
Fortunately, instead of being offended, the therapist chuckles a little. "I'll leave you to it, then. We'll check round pretty often, or have the nurse call me."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed at the med cup containing two pills. "The eliquis I was expecting. What is that other one again? And why do I need both?"
Dawn returns, Dr. Benson in tow, and they confirm that they have John's contact information, that they will see him later in the day if he chooses to come back, or they are available for phone updates. "The cardiologist will be around a little later, and I'll ask them to call you," Dr. Benson says. "Go home. We're better than we were."
"Listen to the music for a while, okay? We're working on the tube. I know it's awful." John blinks several times in quick succession, dispersing the extra moisture that has threatened, feeling the twinges of relief, of knowing Sherlock heard him, followed a simple command. He is processing, at least a little bit. "Isn't it?"
John smiled, remembering some of the food concerns that Sam had expressed early on, the food insecurity, the hoarding that they'd managed to slowly, patiently overcome. Sam had made so much progress, and John was so impressed that despite the hardships he had known, that he was still able to see the needs of others. "Tell you what," John said slowly, "I like the idea, but I'm not sure that sending the actual leftovers would work. It would get messy, and the food would probably spoil, in the heat and stuck in the mail for that long time."
Posting probably without the usual edits - please let me know gently if there is something unclear.  Thanks for reading.  I am so
Sherlock was watching him, and noticed the seriousness about his words, his expression. "What? Please tell me you don't think of that, of my ... arrhythmia, that often. Are you still that worried? Because it's been a long time, my follow-ups have all been good. I'm even off the blood thinners already although I think four weeks was unnecessary ..."
Shortly after, a timid knock at the door interrupted the weather forecast - rain and overcast skies of course - and someone came in pushing a lab cart. "I'm here to draw a tube of blood."
It didn't take him long to bring it up, and John was grateful that Rosie seemed otherwise occupied. "What's that word mean, that he said, a ... poof?" Sameer asked his question quietly, sensing out of context enough to keep it at a lower volume.
His eyes closed then, the breath out as the rest of his body relaxed into the mattress, together, their combined warmth both familiar and comforting. They usually took turns, who lay flat and which of them tucked over a shoulder or under a chin, limbs fussing slightly in their quest for comfortable lie positions, for real estate. This time, it was John who rolled toward Sherlock, aware of the presence of the unusual weight, the density of the bedlinen, his arm stealing across Sherlock's ribs, his knee tucked just barely over Sherlock's thigh. Idly, he let his thumb brush over a few straggly hairs, at the swell of his pectoral muscle, faintly over the nipple, in comfort, in possession as well as in belonging.
"Shh," John muttered, pumping, waiting, listening. He hesitated, checked it again. "It's low. God I wish I had more stuff here with me. IV fluids."
Texted Sherlock, talked with him a few minutes. God I miss him. And I can't wait to get out of here and get home and oh yeah, forgot to mention he canceled my lease so now I'm homeless too. I don't know that I can bear going to Baker Street. Once I get there I'm never going to want to leave.
John could feel his muscle memory, the issuing of an order, the authoritative stance, bearing, and tone.
"No thanks." Sherlock was intent on something he was reading on his mobile. "Move along then," he said to the dog.
Who knew a bath would be so exhausting. And humiliating to need such help. Surprisingly, he was rather low-key.
Sherlock looked at his knuckles, flexing his long fingers. When he spoke it sounded a bit as if he was forcing the words out, like trying to jam together puzzle pieces that didn’t fit. “Is it...Mary? I mean. Are you nervous because... You haven’t been with...anyone since--?”
“Perfectly, but I’m afraid I don’t know any Bill.” The man sighed like he was luxuriating in being a smug git. Oh, he probably was.
Sherlock didn’t comment and John didn’t bother to turn around and register his expression. He could think what he wanted.
“Sorry guys, I’m a right klutz,” he’s saying, and then yelps, “Ouch, Jesus!” when the steaming coffee runs into his lap.
. John almost sent that one but realised who he was plagiarising at the last moment, mortified. He almost gave up, and maybe if his stomach hadn’t been a large, miserable churn, he would have. But it was, and so he tried again:
They sat in silence for a few moments. John was watching the few patrons lurking outside in the chill air, pretending he could see himself among them, beer in hand, laughing insincerely at old jokes he’d heard and made before. Enjoying it.
“I don’t have any sleeping pills,” John said. “And I wouldn’t do that,” he added, answering the question he thought Sherlock was really asking.
So blogging was a no-go. Maybe something athletic? John had played rugby at school, but he was on the wrong side of forty now, and his little canter with the Scotland Yarders had reminded him strongly of that fact, even if his ego has resisted. Biking? John still had his bike somewhere. The thing with biking was that it was incredibly, incredibly dull, and he’d frankly rather take up suicide than bike ever again.
It was Molly, dressed casually in jeans and a thick emerald coloured jumper and heavy navy coat. Her smile was uncertain. She looked good these days, happier and more confident, but she’d never be a social butterfly, which was fine. She’d forgone her customary ponytail for two pleats.
“There you are.” To John’s surprise, this came out more relieved than annoyed. Sherlock’s head snapped up.
So it was that on an unparticular Wednesday night at eleven forty-two pm, when John was Googling increasingly obscure cures for insomnia, he found a thread in a forum gushing about ASMR, how relaxing it was, and how many people routinely fell asleep with it.
“Dangerous?” John tried not to take it personally. He knew Sherlock helped out Mycroft more often now; Mycroft and his government friends. Although perhaps “allies” was the better word.
He had uncorked the bottle and was surprised, in turning around, to find Sherlock still regarding him.
John’s heart did a complicated wiggle inside his chest. Exhaling, he notched the safety back on the Browning, unlocked the door and swung it open.
John helped Sarah clear up, and they retired to the living room to finish off their beers. John was on the sofa with Rosie, who insisted on sitting on his lap. Sarah sat on a lounge chair with one foot tucked under her. Their conversation was amicable, comfortable. But they never really strayed into deeper waters, something John suspected they were both grateful for.
“If by ‘Lord and Saviour’ you mean the fiction created by the simple-minded to cope with the crushing immensity of a cold and impersonal universe--” the man began, his tone dismissive and contemptuous and bored, and whose voice could do all that at once, anyway?
Sherlock hesitated, then grinned. “In that case, you’d better drive,” he said, “as it’s the only action you’ll be getting tonight.”
“It’s not a real science,” John says, still staring at the producer. His lips twitch in satisfaction when someone splutters in the background.
John didn’t know what to do. Oh, before? Before he’d have waltzed right in and either kicked arse or got his kicked – it hadn’t really mattered, if he were honest. But things had changed.
Which made John feel endlessly dejected. “So what--” he started, mostly to stop his mood from spiralling. He didn’t need Sherlock to catch on to that.
, yes,” Molly said, releasing Rosie to the vast carpet of joy and mystery and toys. She immediately crawled over to her favourite blocks.
Sherlock chuckled. They lapsed into silence. John was waiting for Sherlock to fall asleep when Sherlock spoke again.
down John’s spine. Fear, certainly, but also...relief? Sherlock still needed him. That was...nice. It wasn’t enough, but if it was all he could get...
research, owing to the fact that he was single and Rosie was content with sitting on his lap, watching his belaboured typing and clicking with amusement and interest – John bought a variety of electronic things, including but not limited to microphones, cables, an HD camcorder and its accessories, and professional editing software. The total amount was startling, but steady employment and a chunk of inheritance from Mary meant he could squeeze his eyes shut and click “Pay” without worrying about the roof over their heads.
. A set of car keys had materialised in his hand. An Aston Martin logo keychain dangled prominently from them. Sherlock was grinning, half-naughty school child, half incorrigible demon. “I’ve organised transport.”
John chuckled, rummaging around a drawer for a stopper. “No idea. Mary could have told you.” She had been a real wine snob.
No, no one could have blamed John Watson for having sleepless nights. But they surely couldn’t begrudge him finding his peace, either.
– the dreadful loneliness of longing for someone who would never be within your reach. “He’s Sherlock,” he added, with a shrug, like that explained everything. Maybe it did, maybe it didn’t, but John knew Molly would understand.
It was hard to describe what John felt at that moment. He sat on his couch, half-empty mug in hand, watching the man he loved rock his daughter to sleep. The man he loved...who didn’t love him back.
“Sherlock?” John prompted, shutting the thriller he was reading and setting it aside. Sherlock had already spoiled the ending, but John had wanted to see how it got there.
Sherlock had turned around, face inscrutable. John couldn’t tell whether Sherlock believed him, and he felt weirdly guilty about it. He should just have told Sherlock his real motivation, John decided. But try as he might, as Sherlock walked him and Rosie down to the foyer,
“Are you Dr. John Watson?” the producer’s off-screen voice asks the tall man’s companion. He stands absolutely still, hands folded behind his back and shoulders rigid. He doesn’t acknowledge the camera.
John ran his fingers up the bare skin of Sherlock’s back and into his hair. He kissed his forehead and inhaled against his head. “We’re idiots,” John said, after another moment.
John picked up his fork and, feeling a little dazed, fed Rosie another bite before he said, frowning, “Sarah and I are work colleagues,” remembering as he said it how he once corrected Sherlock’s dunce friend when Sherlock introduced John to him as his friend.
“I love you,” he whispered against John’s chest. John’s fingers froze from where he’d been carding through his curls. “It’s a poor excuse, and I...” Sherlock sighed, a forlorn motion that John felt echo somewhere deep inside himself. “I love you.”
John waited until late that Friday night, after Rosie’s bedtime, to start recording what he hoped would be the first video on his newly registered YouTube channel, Three Continents ASMR. He’d been stuck on a name, not wanting to use his own or any variation thereof. “Three Continents” was a nickname Bill Murray (not the actor) had given him back in Afghanistan after John had struck out with three different women in one bar in a single evening. One had been British, one American and one a local, and all had declined his (drunk) advances. John hadn’t been able to live it down for a fortnight, and so the moniker had been born.
There is a tall man in a three-piece suit waiting for Greg in his office when he gets back from St Bart’s. His face is pixellated, which is odd because the
John spent much of his free time the rest of the week figuring out everything he’d bought, and orderings things he hadn’t thought he would need, but did. By the end of the week, with twinkling Christmas displays and tinkling Christmas music shadowing his every movement out of doors, John had recorded a few “test runs” and figured out the nettling software. And he was actually sleeping, dropping off late every night, exhausted; but, as he’d hoped, he was fully distracted.
Anticipating Amazon’s delivery schedule, John had set the surgery as his delivery address, and so Monday saw the receptionist, George, receive a suspicious number of packages addressed to John Watson. “Retail therapy?” Sarah asked as John and George carted the boxes to the staff room. John nodded. He had a vague but persistent suspicion that Sarah thought he was buying sex toys en masse. Depending on who you asked, John supposed ASMR was technically weirder.
If he was honest with himself, John wanted his own bed, and he wanted his tablet, and he wanted to listen to some ASMR and finally, hopefully, get some sleep, and put this disaster of an “evening out” behind him and just accept his middling middle-ageness in the privacy of his own home.
and checked his watch instead. “If we hurry,” he said, doing the mixture of maths, faith and alchemy that every Londoner reliant on the underground did, “we can--”
Silver linings indeed, John thought, making sure to settle down in the exact middle of his bed. He folded his hands on his stomach and stared at the ceiling. Yeah, maybe, he thought, nodding to himself once. He could do this. It was fine – it was all fine. That’s what he said all those years ago, now, and it was still true.
“If you start a fight, I’m leaving,” John said and pushed past him. He could have sworn Sherlock crowded the doorway on purpose, so he’d be forced to squeeze past him, but
“I’m surrounded,” John told Rosie, powdering her butt, “by people who are not always as clever as they think they are. Yes, I am,” he cooed, as she giggled (baby powder being one of the many, many things that amused her). “Yes, I am!”
“No you muffin, you’re just on morphine,” John laughs at him but adjusts the pillow behind Sherlock’s head.
“Middling,” John said, trying to keep the last hour out of his voice. God knew how successful he was. Not very, judging by Sherlock’s frown. “You brought wine,” he said instead.
John felt a feeling an awful lot like “acceptance” settle in his gut as he watched Sherlock do something John had seen him do a million times before. The video evoked such a clear feeling of “home” that John knew, watching Sherlock swirl something noxious looking around a glass vial, that he’d do everything to make sure this – this video – wasn’t the only way for him to still
– but Mrs Hudson came up then, and the conversation moved on. They were updated on Mrs Turner’s newest lover, Mr Chatterjee’s move back to Birmingham, and the continued absence of tenants for 221C. Mrs Hudson quizzed Sherlock on John’s driving ability (“Capable”, Sherlock said, with a little smirk that made John nervously swallow a larger bite of food than he’d intended), John on his working relationship with Sarah (“We’re, uh, amicable, yeah,” John had replied, suddenly worrying that they weren’t), and Rosie’s favourite teacher at the crèche (“Ms Plummer,” he and Sherlock had answered at the same time). When Mrs Hudson finally went to “bed” (coincidentally at the same time Geordie Shore started), John felt characteristically like he’d been through an interrogation.
John’s smile faded a little. “You needn’t worry about me.” He made sure to look at Rosie while he said it; they were both British men, it was the only right and proper way to do it.
Being a doctor, John had tried every way he could think of to deal with the insomnia. He went to the gym, piously attended therapy once a fortnight (he was back with Ella, who took in John’s turn with Sherlock’s sister with stoic eyebrows and the briefest note on the pad before her), drank less coffee and tea, drank more water, took a magnesium supplement that made his urine smell funny, did breathing exercises, tried guided meditations, drank herbal concoctions; he even, bless him, tried sleeping pills; sleeping pills which mysteriously disappeared from his flat around the same time an anonymous black car did an irate drive-by on John’s morning walk. Mycroft spared him two raised eyebrows before the window rolled back up and the car sped off. John had not tried to refill his prescription. He supposed he couldn’t blame Mycroft for being wary of either addiction to controlled substances or suicide by controlled substances, but it was still annoying.
“No,” John said. “Not ‘no’,” he amended, when Sherlock’s eyes snapped up, “I mean, it’s just...you hate pubs.”
“I’ve missed you,” Sherlock said, after a long moment. “Not just lately, though it’s been...challenging, not seeing you. All along. All this time. Especially when you were close, and I couldn’t—we didn’t--”
“I’d better put her down,” he told Sherlock. His voice sounded distant to his own ears. He only really came to when he’d laid Rosie down. Toys made unfathomable shapes in the darkness, but she slept peacefully, blissfully unaware that friends could so easily become monsters.
The man was smiling at him, a barely-there kind of smile that verged on a smirk. It so clearly said “Gotcha!” He had a sheaf of pamphlets in one gloved hand. Rearranging his features into a polite expression, he handed John one.
“What about you?” John asked, clearing his throat. The question knocked the wind right of our Sherlock’s sails: his mouth clicked shut and he frowned, casting John a puzzled and somewhat suspicious look.
He remembered the wedding speech. He remembered Sherlock crowding the doorway. Following him on dates. Sherlock in the boot of Mrs Hudson’s car, strung out and frightened. Sherlock with his sister. Sherlock’s face at the top of the well. Sherlock curled into a protective ball against his fists.
There were a few seconds of silence. John was sure Deep Throat would hang up in a huff – oh, and he didn’t blame him, John was shit at evangelism – but no, the git stayed on the line.
“Please,” he said, his voice much quieter – and horrified. Sherlock jerked around at his change of tone. “Please tell me I don’t need to call Mycroft and tell him you’re rummaging around my flat, looking for a prescription pad.”
Sherlock Holmes wasn’t just a great man anymore – he was a good one too, or so Greg said. It wasn’t Sherlock’s fault this made John feel morally inadequate.
John rang off and started the tedious process of untangling himself from the headset and shutting the computer off. Just before he clicked the program they used closed, it began flashing with an incoming call. John checked the number against the printout he’d been using. Sure enough, it was Irritated Trombone.
“Right,” John said, deciding not to take the bait. “So I’ll try to be back in a couple of hours,” he told Mrs Hudson. “Three,” he added, trying to convince himself as he said it that what he
He stepped deeper into the room, glancing down into the boxes.  There were landscape pictures, rich in pinks, blues and purples, knick-knacks, and even a box full of women’s shoes. John stepped around the women’s blouses littered around the room from boxes that had been tipped over. He made his way through the mess and checked the small wardrobe in the corner, which was empty. Besides the mess, the room was clear.
“We discussed this back at the flat when we were finished snogging, John,” sighed the detective dramatically. “It’s for the case!”
John sucked in a breath and held it. Sherlock was rarely lost for words, and it wasn’t too often when John knew exactly what he meant. He exhaled, feeling guilty for… ‘everything’.
Sherlock jumped from his chair and around the table. Hands grabbed John’s, long fingers trailed up his palm, smearing the ink across both of their hands.
He glanced over to Moran, who seemed to be stirring back as quickly as John. His eyes glared before an arm came swinging. John deflected, smashing the arm to the headrest. He swung his right, getting Moran in chin. Not the hit he wanted.
John poured Molly a cup out of politeness so he wouldn’t take all the coffee for himself. He grabbed a third cup, pouring coffee in it too, and two spoons of sugar.
With another fifteen minutes in the cab, and John mumbling under his breath about the traffic, the cab had finally stopped outside of New Scotland Yard. John tossed a couple of notes to the front seat from the cab ride as soon as the cab pulled up to the pavement.
The doors dinged open. John stepped inside, Sherlock right next to him. The doors closed, kept them trapped in the metal box. Mechanical whirling followed as the lift moved downwards.
John slammed the door shut and stomped away from the car. He cursed Mycroft as he crossed the pavement, forgoing the milk in order to get back to the flat. He would get the milk later. But that was the least of his worries. He stomped hard on the ground with every step, ignoring rushes of people passing by. Mycroft was a bastard. Blackmailing him, using their newly almost-something to keep John from telling Sherlock what he should hear. About Moriarty. About the third Holmes. It could destroy them, as most secrets do. It could destroy their ‘all-in’ long before it could begin.
“… and a coat fiber, a footprint, and Mrs. Hudson hadn’t touched her herbal soothers.” Seems like Sherlock figured it out a different way.
The rest of Mycroft’s words disappeared when Sherlock stole his phone back. “Do shut up, Mycroft,” snapped Sherlock. His pale thumb jabbed at the phone once before tossing it back to John.
“Yet,” John added. They shared another glance before bursting out into laughter. When the cab pulled up to New Scotland Yard, John was wiping the tears from his eyes. He paid the cabbie and followed after Sherlock, who had disappeared inside. John greeted several officers before finding Sherlock standing with Lestrade. He joined them, catching the conversation as the inspector spoke.
He opened his eyes to find Sherlock in a dark blue robe, not any different than if they were back at the flat. His toes wiggled against the brown-carpeted floor. Sherlock had a thoughtful look on his face. The robe leveled at the top of Sherlock’s knees and was knotted off in his middle, the main difference from the state that Sherlock usually wore it back home. From this angle, John could pretend that Sherlock was wearing clothes. If only he could get over the fact that twenty other people were going to see all of his flatmate’s pale skin exposed. John swallowed, not enjoying that feeling whatsoever, especially after his sudden epiphany that he was, himself, attracted to Sherlock.
John walked to the boot, turned the key to open it. He put on a calm demeanor for the hostage cabbie, getting ready to explain, despite his appearance, he was a doctor and would help. But, there was no cabbie, only a black bag, still open as if Moran was too much in a rush to close it, showing an array of weaponry.
“And what it is, is shit,” John disputed. “Sherlock is your friend. And what makes you think Moriarty will leave you alone after he has us? This is just like Magnusson all over again. People who know about your past will keep tracking you, you’ll never be safe.”
John grinned and gently took the knife from his ‘not-housekeeper’ and worked on the ropes around his ankles. He freed one ankle and worked on the last rope.
Suddenly, John stepped back when Sherlock rolled back on the computer chair. The detective stood, pulling his belstaff coat tighter around his frame. John righted, straightened up as if they were going into war. Or at least, battle.
Shouts came from all directions as John pulled Sherlock by the hand. Wait…hand- John turned around, glanced down at their hands interlaced together, wondering when the hell had that happen. Was it him that reached back to Sherlock, or did Sherlock reach for him? Hell, maybe they met in the middle. Even then, John tightened his grip on the larger hand and kept walking, shoving people to the side to create a path.
“Yeah, I get that,” he remarked back with a half grin, still wondering how Sherlock did it. How Sherlock continued to be remarkable in so many ways. John followed him out of the office and into classroom, passing the grumbling students who were still sketching. He recognized the outlines of Sherlock’s body on many canvases, showing talent and likeness. He glanced at his empty chair and the canvas that he had neglected to use, on which it seemed someone else had drawn something instead. From the distance it looked like a rough sketch of a chair but it didn’t really matter anyway, and that’s all he could gather from it before he chasing after Sherlock to keep up with his pace.
“You already knew about his death, John. Now, watch the video. New location, look at the walls, the footage was edited together.”
John’s head still echoed with the broken sounds of Sherlock’s voice. The obvious crack in the worried baritone over the tinny static. It was something he never wanted to hear again from Sherlock, especially when John himself was the cause. Guilt, sadness, and heartbreak drummed behind his hardened resolve. There was a personal war in London that he needed to win and the winner takes all that he holds dear. There was no doubt he would try his damnedest to win. He had too.
Moran garbled, his hands worked at the seatbelt for slack. But there wasn’t any because John was still wearing it, and John could see the visible moment in the man’s eyes when Moran realized it. Then Moran went slack and all the fight went with him.
But it was finally happening. They are now together after running circles around each other for years, and they were here.
John waited until Mrs. Hudson disappeared through the open doorway. He nodded to Mary’s wound. “How is it?”
There was a snort that echoed through the pub. “I don’t know about you, but I rather get back to that.”
Even though John was short, but he still had the compact body from his army days, mostly his arms. The rest could do with some toning. Sherlock’s body was made of angular lines, wrapped in smooth muscles, covered with a fine layer of hair. He stole a glance in the classroom, but this was spectacular, especially when Sherlock was as hard and ready as he was.
John still did not want to give up his weapon, no way in hell. “You wouldn’t kill me, not here and risk ruining his fun,” he argued.
John threw the newspaper and it went flying across the flat as he sprung from his chair. He stomped into the kitchen, where Sherlock still sat in his damn chair in front of his damn microscope.
Moriarty made a show to look over John’s shoulder as if John were hiding Sherlock somewhere. “Where is he?”
“You know I hate repeating myself,” Sherlock sighed. With each footstep that closed the distance, John could feel his heart drumming. His pulse throbbed in his neck and he swallowed the lump in his throat. He could taste his lust on the tip of his tongue when Sherlock stopped in front of him. The low timber, posh voice carried in the air in a rumble.
“I’m not!” John snapped, his eyes taking in Sherlock again when the detective turned away. “So, Moran’s out. Does that mean he’s the one murdering all of these people?”
He flipped the phone open and was greeted with a blurry picture of…the Buckingham palace, as if someone had taken it on the background. Nothing was out of the ordinary, and it actually looked like a completely normal functioning mobile.
This mobile was left for him, with his name, for a purpose. And the argument in his head ended with that.  John already knew he was a bad bad man. He could feel terrible later.
“How do you know him? It wasn’t me, no, I’ve taken preventive measures to defer your meeting even during the creation of the plan for my fake suicide…it had to be… it was through him, wasn’t it…they’re together?” Sherlock groaned, “Oh god, that was one deduction that I wished I hadn’t seen.”
John groaned when another thump, louder than the first echoed from downstairs. He got out of bed deciding that he should help her in whatever she was doing. He grabbed one of Sherlock’s dressing gowns out of the wardrobe and covered himself up. Mrs. Hudson did not need to see that part of him.
“The Woman.” Sherlock answered then he added. “He manipulated her as well into playing the game. Threatened to turn her lover, Kate, into a pair of shoes if she hadn’t played along.”
John just nodded at Mrs. Hudson words as she moved back to the table and started to pour the tea. He didn’t dare to argue against his landlady/not his housekeeper. “I’ll be sure to get a cuppa when I’ll get back, Mrs. Hudson. I’m off to get our take-out.”
Sherlock’s words made him pause. John exhaled and leaned back in his chair. His eyes found the bar. The woman wasn’t looking at him, but sipping on her drink. Looking at her, she was fairly attractive and could have anyone in the restaurant. When her eyes found his and winked, a surprising jolt went through him.
The detective snorted. “Dangerous? He’s a consulting criminal. His only power was controlling others. That’s manipulation, not intelligence.”
Another sigh escaped his lips, thankful that had Sherlock seen his quiet need for comfort. The last two months, he hadn’t asked. Trudging through it, shouldering all of it. It was something innocent that pressed him tonight, causing him suddenly to need this. He couldn’t watch them fall in his nightmares tonight, the man in front of him, and his child who disappeared.
Looking at Sherlock, John had an overwhelming urge to just touch him. His face, with those bloody cheekbones was easily within his reach. His sinful neck; maybe John could suck another mark into the pale column to match on the other side. On second thought, that action will be a bit too much for the back of a cab. Resting his hand on Sherlock’s thigh could satisfy him, like what happened by accident in the pub. John could still remember the muscle, the warmth that emanated from Sherlock’s body in that moment. John shook his head. He was going to have an issue walking out of the cab once they arrived at the Yard if he wasn’t careful with his thoughts now.
“Three murders are always interesting and a suspect that only will talk when I’m present, it’s more than interesting.”
“There’s one more thing, Lestrade. This isn’t your crime scene,” declared Sherlock, stripping off of his gloves, and snapping the small magnifying glass closed. He tucked it away with his other crime scene supplies in his coat. John stood, ripped off his pair of gloves, and deposited them in the nearest bin. Wordlessly, he grabbed Sherlock’s, and threw them away as well.
John snorted. “Sherlock, the murderer. Interview or interrogate, we still need to get through the door.”
John bit his tongue to make the obvious cheesy remark about falling for Sherlock. Perhaps later, when Sherlock wasn’t on his knees in front of him. Instead he encouraged with, “That’s a lovely idea. Sod the cameras.”
“Traffic is fucking awful,” Moran complained, gesturing to the clusters of cars going nowhere fast on the road. “At this rate, I’m going to have to stop to pick up another pack. You wouldn’t mind, would you?”
“Oh. Undoubtedly, you’ve had that thing pointed at me for something and for sometime now, you should use it…come on…” Moriarty leaned forward and pushed his chest against the muzzle, “blow me away.”
John smiled. He shrugged his shoulders, shrugging off his coat as well, and hung the article of clothing up beside Sherlock’s coat. He rubbed his hands together, enjoying the heat from the lit fireplace. “Turns out we had nothing in common.”
When the door clicked closed, John sighed. He stood in the archway between the kitchen and the living room. His arms folded across his chest. Silently, he watched as Sherlock deduced him with that distinctive gaze, as he had done to so many other people, before blinking. John wondered what Sherlock found since Sherlock’s face softened.
“I don’t care if you’ve seen us together. I only care to remedy that it’s going to be the last time.”
John’s eyes landed on the bed. Empty, except for the spread of medical supplies on the simple blue duvet.  John found Sherlock bunched in a chair, holding his knees to his chest, glowering at Mycroft, who occupied the other chair across the room.
“Yes. Lestrade’s driving is still horrid from his time as rebellious youth. He’s extremely fond of those rubbish car chases you also watch. Now, the case, John.”
His teasing was apparently ignored. Or it was tuned out. A peace settled over them as Sherlock’s rapid typing echoed in the room. It was a sense of normalcy, or as much normalcy as one can have living with Sherlock. Despite still being pissed about Sherlock’s drugs- John was happy. He had missed this. He realized just then that as long as they were together, they could get through anything. The word ‘together’ echoed within his head, prying into his earlier feelings. Before he could delve further, Mrs. Hudson’s voice and the sound of footsteps echoed through the closed door. Then a knock rapped on the door, following Mrs. Hudson’s face peering into the flat.
“You want me to explain to Mrs. Hudson that the position in which she caught us wasn’t ‘groping’ or anything of that sort, but simply you digging into my trousers for my mobile phone?”
The inspector stared down at the bodies before slumping his shoulders, defeat written over his face. He sighed. “A serial killer? Damn. It bloody fits, taking the personal belongings, the viciousness of the attacks-”
He probably didn’t warn Sherlock as low as he should have or imagined, because Greg turned his head and looked at him with those eyes. Ones that considered him harmless before considering that he could also be dangerous too. John was a doctor and a captain in the army, taught to heal and destroy. John knew that Greg was a good inspector, regardless of what Sherlock said most of the time, and a good friend. Sherlock’s information didn’t look all that surprising on Greg’s face, but almost like he considered it before. Maybe, he already knew- it would explain a lot- how John still had his illegal firearm and no one has pursued the cabbie’s case.
John blinked at the unknown voice as an unfamiliar face appeared beside him. All he saw was bright blue hair and matching eyes.
Sherlock turned around, affronted, and offended expression on his face. He sniffed as if he caught a whiff of something unpleasant. “Yes, your date with Molly and my dear brother. Do tell my brother to also mind his business, would you?”
John’s eyes trailed over Sherlock’s face. There was something that seemed breakable almost. Small. His anger vanished; all thoughts of being cold and wet disappeared. Any further protest died in his throat. “All right.”
“Sherlock Holmes-” John sighed with relief at Sherlock’s calm baritone, which the detective’s tone immediately changed at John’s sigh.
John wasn’t a man who would turn down the wonderful, perfect offer of taking Sherlock to bed twice. He wasn’t going to. No way in hell. He wasn’t an idiot…
Wordlessly, Joseph turned away, and left the flat. John took back his hand, surprised more than anything, and closed the door behind him. The sounds of stomping footsteps echoed through the door, which was followed by a hard slam. Typically, the abuse of the front door was a reaction to Sherlock. Not to him. And here he thought that he was rather kind after Sherlock’s refusal.
John’s eyes fluttered shut as Sherlock’s lips ventured down his neck, kissing into his pounding pulse. He hissed lightly and shivered when the mouth gingerly sucked over the sensitive skin, abusing it into a sting. A soft kiss nurtured to a dull buzz.  Hands played on the edge of his vest as Sherlock’s mouth moved lower.
A/N: And moving forward another chapter for motivation summer. I want to thank you for the comments/kudos/bookmarks. They keep me forward in this story. There is a reference to a polyamorous relationship- more will be build on that in later chapters. If the pairing is not to your liking, the references to the relationship is not important to the overall JohnLock story and can be skipped. But I thought Molly needed some extra love! I want to give a shout to my beta, who makes this story 100x better!
There was a pause on the other side of the phone. It was quiet and John had thought he might have accidentally hung up on her. Then Molly sighed softly. “All right then. Don’t you have other calls to make?”
“You should know that feeling of grief, and I wish you didn’t. I can never apologise enough for what I did. But do keep your hands off your life. It is not your own, and I do not wish to be left behind. And in trade, my life belongs to you. I will never leave you behind under any circumstances. I swear it. Never.”
“What about the particular accuracy of the wounds? The odd bruising on the back of the necks? The yellow tinges around the fingernails of her left hand,” he pointed to the multi-colored hair victim, and then to the brunette, “and her right?”
John rocked on his heels innocently, trying to block the sight of Sherlock lock picking from random people that might happen to walk by. Something patted his lower back and John flew inside after Sherlock. The door rang above their heads. He met Sherlock’s emerald green eyes as the bell chimes echoed throughout the empty pub. Floorboards above their heads creaked, voices resonated from…upstairs.
John hummed deeply as he stirred to wakeful state. He was not ready to open his eyes just yet. He was content, warm, and otherwise at peace except the itchiness tickling his nose. If only he could ignore that and roll over, another round of blissful sleep would eventually come. It was rare that he got to sleep deeply like this. John shifted slightly to get comfortable once more but realized a matter of two things: One, his right arm was numb, and two, something was mumbling into his chest.
He stalked down the alleyway. It smelt of stale water, day old piss, and putrid trash from the bins lined against the brick wall. The metal fire escapes creaked overhead. It was colder down the alleyway due to the shade from the other building, but sunlight still penetrated through the darkness. His eyes scanned for a way into the empty pub, running through the list in his head of Sherlock’s favorite ways to break in. Open windows on the upper fire escape, perhaps? Or just waltz in? John spotted the side door slightly ajar. Planting his back to the dirty brick wall, John angled for the gun at the small of his back as he slowly pushed the metal door open with his other hand.
John rolled his eyes and grinned back. “It might be a problem for you. Instead of Sherlock going into the Met stealing paperwork, he would have me do it and bring them home to him.”
Again, John had another moment of surprise and awe for Mrs. Hudson. “You cut the ropes with the engagement ring?”
“Your wound for one. Your head for another,” answered John. He reached out as Sherlock stood, pushing the taller man back down by his shoulder. John pulled a small torch from the kit, and clicked it on. It shone bright against the darkened kitchen floor.
“Histamine would disappear at demise due to the deficiency of brain activity, thus no allergic reaction can be tested on the victim. But it does not mean that we cannot examine the suspect for exposure on his hands.”
John resisted the urge to wink at the Sherlock. After all, he was a professional doctor when it came to tending his patients…except for when Sherlock unfolds his long limbs, and spread out to frame John, like he did now to give John more access to his injuries. His memory recalled the last time they were in this position. Even with a blush, John moved to work on the cut on Sherlock’s cheek.
John covered the mouthpiece and cursed. He could hear his name being called through the other end of the receiver. John raised the mobile back to his ear with a sigh, “You’re right, there’s no sense in lying to him. So, text me if he suddenly appears all right? I have other calls to make.”
John reached for anything he could grab, knowing it would take more time to pry fingers away. He happened to grab the rest of his confining seatbelt strap. He threw his elbows down, crashing into both hinge joints of Moran’s arms, drawing Moran’s hands away. Moran let out another roar of pain and anger.
John grabbed Sherlock’s sleeve again, halting the taller man. “What are you going to do? Burst in there, making demands? Deduct the secretary until she slaps you then storms out? Propose again?” John remarked darkly. There was an unsettling twist in his stomach as he recalled that particular moment in their lives.
John shook his head. “Mycroft didn’t offer details. Having another sibling would make you the middle child. It would explain a lot of your personality.”
He threw the bottle of lube on the floor. Then waited for Sherlock let out another insufferable sigh, which he did, and John timely brushed over Sherlock’s entrance, and stroked his cock at the same time. That made Sherlock gasp, and nearly fell from the bed in surprise. John’s pride was very much in tact now, slowly but surely unfolding Sherlock.
He tried Facebook; there were always people on there. He tried blogs, following through whatever hashtags were. Dead ends. He also tried Instagram, the food picture website that Sarah had talked about one afternoon during a slow shift. She had explained that not everyone uses Instagram for food while she was taking a picture of her lunch. John wasn’t inclined to believe her. Neither was he swayed after looking through thousands of pictures- a lot of food, and nothing on Issac Spoo.
“It took me a bit longer, old hands and cold weather. They didn’t bother to tie my feet, I had mentioned about my poor hip. I’ll need another herbal soother after all this.”
That comment made Sherlock snort. “While I appreciate your attempts at humor to forgo the question, it still stands. Do you or do you not see me? And you know the context of which I’m speaking, so spare me the idiotic performance and the matching expression. Do you want me?”
“Contact dermatitis,” he answered. “The victim was highly allergic to the gloves and the killer grabbed him to stab him. Those are marks from the killer.”
His stomach growled angrily. Next time they woke up, it was definitely time to eat and he would make Sherlock do the same before getting distracted with each other. John slid closer to Sherlock, closed his eyes, and it was then he heard a rather large thump from downstairs. Quickly, followed with what sounded like Mrs. Hudson’s voice.
Of course, Sherlock would be great at giving head just like the madman was great at everything else. John had enough sense to groan – not whimper, he must retain some pride here. He threw his head back-
Dusk from the sunset carried through the small window, blanketed his bedroom in shadow. His bedroom was spotless, army-regulation perfection. His bed made from the morning before, because…well…he hadn’t slept his bed last night. Not a wrinkle in the blankets, the singular pillow set symmetrically by the headboard. The hamper, closed, tucked away in the corner from when he threw his dirty clothes in this morning. His chest of drawers, closed. The mirror inside closed away from the door.
He went back into the snot-green bedroom, eyed the bedside tables, and tried to figure which one the note was referring to. And Sherlock would have probably known right away, either from the shadows of something or the wooden knob, if the man had been here. But it was only John. He went for the nearest one. The lamp swayed from the movement as John pulled out a drawer. He wrinkled his nose at the dozen or so foil wrappers. He sure as hell hoped that the note was not referring to the condoms. He went to the other, dust covered beside table.
When they finished with the police, they snuck out the employee back entrance; John was never so relieved to see a readily waiting cab in his life. He huffed out a bit of laughter to Sherlock’s curse as they hobbled over the pavement towards the black car.
“I’ll have to make a note of it for later. Not that I’m complaining, but what brought this on?” John motioned to Sherlock in his lap. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m all for a bit of snogging.”
“It’s not like he’s going to poison the food, John. You know as well as I do that it’s not possible.”
“Ooh! This is interesting, killing me to try to make a happy storybook ending. But, there’s something you missed. He needs me, a dragon to slay. To match him. I am the only one who can thrill him, stimulate him, challenge him, and make him dance. Your stagnant stupidity would never understand, how bored, tedious everyone is. What Sherlock and I are, together, will always be-”
“It required a genuine response and concern, which required lying and you’re terrible at it,” stated Sherlock as he started descended the stairs. “You played your part as a diversion wonderfully, I see, he gave you his mobile number.”
Sherlock scrambled off of John’s lap and crossed the small hospital room in a several long strides to the closet. John watched as Sherlock wrapped his dark blue scarf around his neck and pulled on his belstaff coat. “Oh, but I am.”
Even with that thought of finishing Moriarty, John couldn’t help but to notice the sudden appearances of faces, staring at him from alleyways as he walked. Faces of the young, the old, men, women. At least five pairs of eyes stared at him, bluntly obvious. He wondered just for a moment if his appearance was truly that odd when it clicked in his head: Sherlock’s homeless network. The detective must have sent out word to the inhabitants of London’s underbelly to keep an eye out for him.
Molly only nodded wordlessly. He took another sip before setting off to the morgue with Sherlock’s cup in hand. His pocket buzzed. He paused in mid-sip, pulling away from the liquid caffeine with a groan. John motioned toward Sherlock’s cup.
They walked down the hallway to the coffee machine. John eagerly poured himself a cup. He grinned at Molly who was watching him. “My first cup of the day,” he explained weakly. “Our morning didn’t go as planned.”
“It’s not hesitation this time. It’s decisiveness.” Her voice pierced through the silence. There was a little quiver, but laced with hardness.
Then John’s trouser went to his knees, pulled down by Sherlock’s hands. His pants…well…John hadn’t worn any... He didn’t have the time to do laundry. And the surprise on Sherlock’s face was worth neglecting laundry for the next decade or so.
John nodded again, smiling down at Sherlock. Sometime in their conversation, his hands had navigated upwards, cupping around Sherlock’s cheekbones. His roughened fingertips barely caressed the still smooth skin. It seemed that he was doing the aging for the both of them. Sherlock still had youth on his face with few lines drawn to make himself look older. It wasn’t noticeable at all really. The detective sitting before him was a gorgeous man.
Oh, how John felt the same way. He never thought he would have someone to love so desperately, or have someone to love him so deeply. He was, and is a physically and mentally broken army veteran. Who would have thought he would fall in love with an equally scarred man?
He clicked the safety off as footfalls echoed nearby. He was prepared. His hand was steady; the gun felt right in his grip. It felt right having Sherlock by his side. Everything about the situation felt right, even the questionable danger that was heading their way. He breathed calmly, maintaining the composure of a soldier.
John opened his eyes and chose his next words carefully. “So, you’re basically saying there was nothing I could do? So, I should stop feeling guilty about it? It was a human life. I didn’t care about the suspect…”
Two men shuffled through the pub, bickering as they went. John rather hoped that they wouldn’t notice the unlocked door. Or find them behind the bar, sitting on the sticky floor. That would be rather difficult to explain.
Not even winded from his run, John stated. “Sherlock Holmes? Tall, black hair, posh bloke with a terrible motormouth?”
John stared at the plain ceiling, thankful that at least they weren’t nightmares. The last time he had dreamt about Sherlock, it was the time after his ‘The Fall’ from St. Bart’s. Nightmares that starred Sherlock filled his head up, haunting him until he stopped sleeping altogether. Seeing him everywhere was the main motivation of moving away from Baker Street for those two years.
The consulting criminal’s hair was slicked back and there were scars from what John could see but the pleased gleam in his eyes was unmistakable. John marched forward in disbelief, the black shoes slapped against tile, much like shock slapped John despite seeing the man in the flesh.
The door slammed shut behind him, breaking him away from the past, and bringing him back to now and the troubles ahead. He paused at the edge of the pool, standing on the tan tiles, staring at the two motionless bodies, floating in the blue waters. Long dark hair drifted in the small current. A pair high heeled shoes, joined with a handbag perched in front of a dressing room and a pair of loafers, along with a wallet was in front of the second dressing room.
“Assuming there was no need in their intoxicated states. He was sober and surprised to find someone in the flat after getting out of the shower,” Sherlock motioned to the white towel, still fixed over the body’s backside. Then Sherlock added, “The killer wore gloves.”
“Well, it’s not unheard of. Molly doesn’t live here. She’s allowed to have a life that she deems fit outside of work.”
That after everything, he was still desired, even lusted after. One-night stands weren’t really his thing anymore, not since his military days; he was more a romantic at heart, which apparently echoed through his blog as Sherlock had complained before. Could he simply be with someone and not expect anything but satisfaction of a good shag? What about conversations over dinner? Or random talks in the middle of the night? Or even the stupid bickering about nothing? There was movement out of the corner of his eye, John turned, finding Sherlock had stood, adjusting his scarf.
He was too late. Everything was silent, except his blood drumming through his ears. The darkly dressed suspect disappeared into the inky night. Silence ticked by until John heard the finalized sickening crunch of something landing on the pavement below. Screams burst through the starry darkness. John peered over. His stomach turned; he pulled away from the edge and fell to his hands and knees. Bile rose out of his throat. He choked on words that burned within the stomach acid.
“Mmmhhhh. I get it now. It wasn’t intentional.” Sherlock hummed contentedly, staring at John kissing his knuckles.
“What the hell?” he groaned out, sitting up from the floor, and massaging the sore spot with his hand.
He parted the flesh, and found Sherlock’s pucker a tender pink. He dropped to his knees again to get a closer look, and nearly drowned from the shower once more.
He walked through the flat, noting to put away his gun when he returned from downstairs. There was another thump when he reached the lower landing. John knocked on Mrs. Hudson’s door.
John could definitely not defend himself, and it resulted in a frown towards Sherlock. He had been hung up on quite a bit with the list of ex-girlfriends he’s had, but he didn’t know if he should be offended on how Sherlock announced it. John settled for mentioning Sherlock’s lack of sensitivity on that matter.
He crossed the flat, avoiding Sherlock’s eyes, and marched into the kitchen. He disposed the groceries on the table with more force than necessary, making Sherlock’s half of the table, which was littered in glass tubes of his most recent experiment, clink together in complaint. John busied himself by putting groceries away, refusing to answer any questions until he felt he wouldn’t snap.
John interrupted, cutting her off. “You’re relying on me, now?” he asked incredulously. “What happen to this piss two months ago, Mary?”
Smiling, John shook his head. “No, thank you for the offer though. I should be getting back home. Goodbye then and good luck.”
“A part of me was also wondering when you would appear since you usually like meddling in my relationships.”
He glanced up in surprise. “Another one? Does he think that’s it’s…” John frowned and shook his head. He weakly motioned to Sherlock’s clothes on the chair.
Mrs. Hudson worked on the ropes around his ankles. A ring glittered around her finger, sparkling in the ray of sunlight from the small window.
“He blames me for you getting back on drugs. I guess in his own way, he’s preventing me from breaking your heart.”
Sherlock turned, to face John. “What would you label it otherwise? Considering we agreed to be ‘all-in’, being ‘in a relationship’ seems appropriate, wouldn’t you agree? Or do you have a problem with that label?”
“Mycroft too then?” asked John, knowing what the answer was because there was only one person who dragged that kind of response from Sherlock.
Sherlock finally stepped into the kitchen, conceding the stalemate with a grimacing frown that looked as if it took all of his energy to give up this battle with John. Shrugging his shoulders, John gingerly pushed Sherlock into the chair and moved his arm, exposing the wound and quickly went to work.
He made haste, checking underneath the bed, and inside the wardrobe. Both were empty. John ventured downstairs, and Lestrade met him at the landing.
John’s suggestion fell on deaf ears. He shrugged off his coat, and got to work. He stared at the computer for a moment, wondering where to start. Might as well from the beginning. He pecked at the keyboard, fruitlessly looking through the Internet search engines for ‘Issac Spoo.’ His search was failing miserably by the minute, getting results of spoons benders, funeral homes, and where to buy wooden spoons. On the seventh page of scrolling through of five-starred rating wooden spoons, he gave up.
John followed Sherlock inside, and softly closed the door behind him. Sherlock was removing his belstaff coat and scarf when John motioned to the computer.
He had dared to ask, ignoring the flicker of doubt that Sherlock wouldn’t want this again. Regardless of Sherlock asking him what he wanted. Regardless of the Sherlock snogging him first. Asking whether or not John wanted him. Christ, he did. And like Sherlock, there were some things to use as an advantage. The taller detective did it all the time. Even if his words were an empty threat, one glance over John’s face and the detective would know it too. Sherlock stared, glaring over him before sweeping by, sighing dramatically as he sat down in his kitchen chair. His darkened eyebrow arched at John, wordlessly telling him to get on with the torture, otherwise known as, ‘Substance.’ John couldn’t help but to grin.
The suspect laughed again. The irons around his wrist rattled ever so slightly as he shifted in the wooden seat, clapping his hands.
It was overwhelming. The infinite swirls of colours in Sherlock’s eyes. The emotions that was fixated on him, radiating from their depths. John could see himself. As sweaty, as flushed, perched underneath the man who was infinitely his, as much as he was Sherlock’s. The connection John felt as though it would carry through universes, through lifetimes
Looking over Peter’s face, it was difficult to see if someone like him would read his blog. If Sherlock weren’t busy snatching illegal papers, then maybe he would have been able to tell. He didn’t want to give out his last name. Watson seemed more distinguishing than his rather average first name. Smith was the standard last name that showed he wasn’t trying not hard enough to hide whatever he was doing.
He pushed open the black door, welcoming the warm air smelling of cinnamon from whatever Mrs. Hudson was baking in her flat. The feeling in his hands returned as he climbed the stairs to the second floor. The music stopped when he walked in.
“Git,” John murmured with affection. His hands caressed over Sherlock’s face, pale hands suddenly captured his, pulling at him until John sat alongside Sherlock on the bed. It was John’s turn to be nervous. He twisted his hands out of Sherlock’s larger ones. “Sherlock-”
Sherlock didn’t say anything for hours into the afternoon, leaving John in the flat, stir-crazy and grumpy from anxiety and the early morning wake-up. He was going mad from the need to say something.
He was pushed out, grabbed by the arm, along with Lestrade from the interrogation room, the thick wooden door slammed in his face in dismissal. Apparently, there was no room for argument. No time to say, ‘this could be a terrible idea’. He wanted to stay outside in the hallway to monitor the situation. Seconds later, the door creaked open, and was when Sherlock waved him off…again. As if that wasn’t bad enough, Sherlock also implied that he was a ‘distraction’ (not the good kind of distraction like when they were in the flat). Sherlock even accused him of being more idiotic than usual and ignored John’s protest about going with Lestrade. He then slammed the door in John’s face for the second time, leaving the doctor reeling from Sherlock’s frigidness and John’s own anger. In the end, John went from tagging along with one madman, to another, namely Lestrade at the wheel.
“Fuck your ex-wife and your preaching. I want her to suffer,” spat the suspect. “She doesn’t deserve to be happy without me! I gave her everything!”
“I am not and wasn’t married to Sherlock. He can’t have my child, and you did!” John paused for a second when he imagined Sherlock’s ‘you’re an idiot’ look while saying ‘I don’t have a uterus, John. Couldn’t have your child even if I wanted to’. His eyebrows met the middle of his forehead when he cringed, thinking about Mary with a gun while carrying his daughter. “What did you go with having a need for a gun?”
John took into the short corridor and entered the remaining room upstairs. He brightened up the room right away. It was painted a horrible shade of off green, reminded John of too many snotty patients during the winter. The room definitely cried out for desperate need of repainting. Probably would never get one either. The furnishings were plain, the bed unmade. One bedside table was covered with a lamp, books, a pair of glasses, and a silver framed picture. The suspect back in New Scotland Yard was easily recognisable, and John assumed that the brunette around his arm, smiling in a white dress and veil was his wife, Megan. The very same one he wanted dead. The other bedside table was covered in a thin layer of dust, empty as empty could be. John only guessed it was her side.
He finished in five minutes, wrapping the gauze against the milky white skin. He continued to caress the bandage, knowing that he would have to pull away eventually. He knew that he should, but he needed this. Some small comfort to know that Sherlock was alive, that the baby wasn’t his today, and that the guilt that he felt over something that he couldn’t do anything to help: that his memories on the rooftop made him weak. He should have had his gun in his hand, ready to fire. Should’ve protected Sherlock, the baby. Should’ve done something more.
A/N: Hello all! Thank you for all the feedback! And happy pre-Halloween if you celebrate it and if not, happy day in general to everyone. Thank you my beta Whitehart for cleaning this chapter up. It's so much better now.
“Maybe,” Moran stated flatly after a silence carried through the air. “But I really didn’t want to end up in prison. I was choosing between two evils.”
Sherlock huffed at him, getting to his knees. His pale hands tugged the rumpled suit into place, as if to save his dignity. It didn’t help; the reddened lips and mad hair took away from it. “Of course not. Don’t be ridiculous.”
- John returned to the red car and thankfully found a spare key magnet container under the bonnet. He quickly snatched it up, popping it open to find blessed spare key he had been hoping for. He slipped the key container into the dressing gown pocket. Next time, John was definitely going to take Sherlock up on his offer for hot wiring lessons.
Mycroft’s expression turned into a sneer, then soured, looking fully offended. “The deduction thing-“ he snubbed with a slightly squirm, completely mocking John’s words, -“doesn’t matter and neither does this topic of conversation. It is not of discussion now. With the recent discovery of Sebastian Moran, I had my people look into Moriarty’s criminal webs that Sherlock had years spent dismantling and completely destroyed.”
John narrowed his eyes. “Drama queen? Says the one shouting around the flat for someone to wait on you! You know what, you could’ve said something to her, explain that I wasn’t groping you. Instead, you just laid there being…being an utter cock!”
“There’s a floor right there, a perfect spot for sitting. You should stop moving.” John snapped, he motioned his gun to the floor.
The car engine cut out. John glanced outside, finding the car in a Costco car park. John’s words echoed within the confines. He jumped slightly when the driver door slammed shut. John watched the driver enter into the store. The silence grew as John thought- could Mycroft be right? Would Sherlock step aside once Mary entered their lives again? It was Sherlock who pushed them back together at Christmas. Would there be a risk of whatever he and Sherlock were moving towards disappear with her appearance? His ring was off. His feelings were gone. The paperwork was taken care of by the man before him, the same character who was jeopardizing them.
“Right then. Someone should go see how that’s going,” he sighed, pushing the door open and closed with his foot, headed up the stairs and into the battle of the brothers. Underneath the unpleasant screeches of violin, John could hear low voices from the other side of the door, and he could picture the scene already. He paused on the landing, not knowing how to proceed into his own flat.
He’d been back in London a week when he spotted the church. It was around the corner from his bedsit, too small to be so Gothic-looking. He went one Sunday, then another. The minister was nice – Ella, an intelligent black woman who could stare down ice. She’d been the one to suggest he get involved in evangelism. It was part of his PTSD treatment, forcing him to interact with the world.
John sighed and turned his back on the space next to him. It was no use wondering – he was unlikely to ever find out. Maybe like he and Sholto, he and Sherlock had missed their moment; but more realistically, such a moment had just never existed, because Sherlock didn’t feel that for him, and John’s loneliness was making him imagine things.
John’s post on the ASMR forum had received a few replies; mostly, John suspected, from types trying to avoid the nascent festive spirit. But three or four were from ASMRtists and directed him to resources, how-tos, and sales on the equipment he’d need to get started. A few pledged support once he started posting, for feedback if nothing else.
Sleepy, John turned off his tablet and retired to bed, feeling guilty in a non-specific way – like he’d been caught doing something lewd. It had started raining outside. He turned over a few times, finally settling on his side. He noticed for the first time that he still slept on
The first thing John did was type out an email to Ella’s office to bump up his next appointment. John fetched his laptop to do so because typing up anything other than texts on an iPhone was an infuriating exercise. When he had finished – unnecessarily reading it through twice before sending – it was still only a quarter to five. He sighed and cracked his neck, the laptop casting tinny light over the shadowy kitchen.
Feeling very much Devil-may-care, or more accurately, too sad and tired to care, John edited the description and hit “Upload”.
The best thing John could do was to use the window Sherlock so fortuitously provided. Sherlock was probably doing it to salvage the possibility of their remaining friends. John would be churlish not to accept the olive branch, especially when he had done so little in the past to deserve such a gesture.
At his age, “going out” was mostly visiting a local pub on a Friday night in a better set of clothing than usual, so that was what John did.
“Is that so?” Sherlock’s eyes were focused on John’s lips. John noticed that Sherlock’s pupils were wide, bright.
The poster was a forum admin. John had liked most of her previous recommendations, so he tapped on in. She had linked a YouTube video and tagged it “new”, “male”, “accent [british]”, “soft-spoken”. More bored than curious, he tapped through to the video.
Yes, things were going better for John Watson than they had in a long time. He had put the strongest of his strange feelings about Sherlock to bed, he was working hard, his daughter was happy, and yes, even
John didn’t know quite what to say to that, so he ducked his head and cornered off a bite of macaroni for Rosie. He blew on it to cool it down before beginning the arduous process of convincing her to eat it. Tonight it required him patiently pretending to feed three stuffed toys before Rosie, satisfied that her friends weren’t being left out, acquiesced.
Sherlock was silent, but John could hear his breathing: it was ragged. John didn’t know what to expect. His heart was hammering, but he felt steady, as he always did when he feared mortal danger most. A string of images – Sherlock with a gun, Sherlock with a needle, a red laser sight floating between John’s eyebrows – flashed through John’s mind.
, instead carrying Rosie off to her flat. John watched his daughter go with trepidation. She didn’t cry for him.
He did everything as he normally did, just a little more quietly. He boiled some eggs, fried some bacon, diced a tomato, cut some cheese; boiled the kettle, prepped his tea and Rosie’s bottle; got the toast on. Rosie was quiet, content to wait in her high chair, touching and babbling to some of her stuffed toys.
For a second, John could see himself correcting her mistake, giving her the other beer, and going back to the booth she’d inevitably be able to conjure up. He could imagine exchanging pleasantries in that faux-intimate setting, getting drunker and drunker, and finally suggesting a cab and her flat or his. The sex would be good. The morning after would be brief. He wouldn’t even have to worry about her wanting to meet Rosie; she wasn’t here for that, and good for her.
“And much as I want to...” John decided not to finish the thought, because he’d just noticed that his arousal wasn’t the only one at the party. “I think--”
John sent the text and waited, all the while pretending he wasn’t waiting for a response, taking tiny, unsatisfying sips of tea as the minutes ticked past. He had just finished the laborious and time-consuming task of rinsing his mug out when his mobile phone chimed in his pocket.
Maybe this time, John thought, angry at himself for the self-pity but simultaneously unable to stop it – maybe this time they’d have more success shooting at him.
It made sense, even though a part of John – the part embarrassed by the fact that he enjoyed ASMR, specifically
“Your ASMR channel.” Sherlock froze just a little bit. John rubbed his thumb over the back of Sherlock’s. “I was just thinking what a coincidence it was, both of us listening to and making ASMR.”
“Let’s go to bed. To sleep,” he clarified when confusion flashed across Sherlock’s face. “I—if you want,” John added, feeling suddenly self-conscious again.
out of me,” John snapped. He pushed past Sherlock into the flat, looking around. Nothing was obviously out of place. Only the hall and kitchen lights were on. John put Rosie in her high chair, a change of position she was not happy about. She started sniffing and made those wobbly little sounds that preceded a proper crying session.
It was also incredibly lucky that his new boyfriend (his term; Sherlock simply spoke of John as “his”, like it was a full sentence, and maybe it was) was also into the making of and listening to ASMR. Almost
“I texted you early this morning but you didn’t respond,” Sherlock said, minutely rearranging a vase on the windowsill. “It was urgent, so I thought I’d just--”
It was lucky, then, that John had found a “cure” for his insomnia in the guise of ASMR, both the making of and the listening to.
“Hmm?” Sherlock’s hands were flat against each other, the tips of his long fingers resting against his lips. His eyes were closed.
of it. It was Sherlock, John had thought, irritated, when he had to push past Sherlock at Baker Street a few weeks ago; and this was
“You have?” John slumped a bit, reinvesting his attention on the poop-removal process. He was so relieved he wasn’t even irritated that Sherlock hadn’t bothered to consult him first. “I didn’t realise it was that late. You must be starving,” he told Rosie, but she looked no worse for wear. “Was Sarah alright with it?”
, he could hear Sherlock sneer in his head and yeah, had this been anyone other than Sherlock, John would assume he was being flirted with,
“Oh, no mind,” Sherlock said, pulling himself up to his full height and—well, there was no other word for it—
“Well-oiled,” Sherlock repeated, almost to himself, rearranging Rosie’s blocks in a fresh configuration. He didn’t meet John’s eyes.
The video was shot in 221B’s kitchen. The table was cluttered with vials, Bunsen burners and other scientific equipment, and there was an intriguing amount of bubbling, dripping and pattering in the background. Sherlock himself was barely in frame, and what was visible of him was distorted through the equipment. He was obviously busy running some chemical experiment or another. He’d pause ever so often to scribble furiously, and there was a five-minute stretch where he simply stared off into the distance before reanimating and fiddling with beakers and tubes.
“Since we’re talking love lives,” John said. “Did you ever get in touch with Irene? You said you text.”
But Sarah laughed. John had always liked how no-nonsense she was. More so in hindsight, when he wasn’t faced with the choice between the couch and the Lilo.
The camera pans from the slim, dishevelled back of Sherlock Holmes to take in the paper tacked wall absorbing his attention. The rest of the flat gets a once-over, showing scatters of books, papers, and bric-a-brac. There is a skull on the mantelpiece, dejected beneath a Monopoly board speared to the wall with a penknife.
Yeah, so calling people to talk about Jesus after hours wasn’t something John had ever imagined he’d be doing. He’d hardly even been a churchgoer before the war. Baptisms, weddings, funerals – that about covered it. But then he’d been shot in Afghanistan. It was a bad wound, followed by an even worse infection. He should have died, which was why he’d been thinking,
“Yes?” He relaxed his hands to his chest. John placed one of his on top, weaving their fingers together.
sexual, but how would it look to outsiders – falling asleep to a gorgeous woman whispering to you? It was, at the very least, a little odd.
“I defy the hardest soldier to--” But John was distracted by the pastel-pink clock on the wall. “Jesus!” It was past eight am. He was late for work. Rosie was late for crèche.
John hadn’t realised that ninety percent of parenting would be guilt, which flooded him afresh. “Maybe I should--” he started.
Having children didn’t automatically make you a good parent, or even a good person, but it did make you want to
A sense of loneliness so acute it turned John’s stomach rippled through him. He put his mug down. For a second he could smell sand, heat, gun oil, sweat. He stood abruptly.
Molly smiled at John’s stupid joke because Molly was a good and kind person, and John had never really given her credit for that before. And being good and kind, she let him pretend his face wasn’t blotchy with heartbreak, and helped him change the subject, and fussed about Rosie, and stayed an hour longer just being an adult, being someone else in John’s life.
Sherlock accepted her with a look of such gratitude that John felt like a complete shit. “Me, too,” he murmured, settling her on a hip. John almost didn’t catch it.
John dawdled over the post like the old man he was fast becoming, finally settling for linking his previous post asking for advice and adding:
The camera pans to the door, where a slight, dark-haired man has stuck his head in. But as soon as he sees the cameras his head disappears again. Molly follows his “Sorry, sorry!” from the room, leaving the crew alone with a suddenly unhappy-looking DI.
“What? Oh yeah. No, fine, thanks.” John pocketed his phone. “I should get back to my office. Sorry about...earlier.”
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes if you were curious.” There was a deep sigh. “You’re at the tube station. If it’s the one I think it is – and I’m sure it is – there’s going to be a delay. Might as well sit down.”
“I spent an unholy amount of money on two beers, and you’d left. Unbelievable.” But there was no heat in it. John commandeered the cigarette and joined Sherlock against the hood. He took a deep drag of it, pulling a face at the taste.
Sherlock. Even burying his, well, his love – John could do that. If that was what Sherlock needed, if that was what their friendship needed, John could do that.
“Why were you in such a hurry to get home?” Sherlock wanted to know, impatient. “There’s no one there. You probably don’t even have a plant.”
John had a few patients after his extended lunch break. Nothing exciting, but experience had taught him that boring was better when it came to being a doctor. He treated nothing more serious or significant than a stomach flu and managed to sneak out a couple of minutes early to pick up Rosie.
“--and we’re looking forward to catching his moment of triumph on film. Indeed, observing Mr. Holmes at work has been a marvel. That he’s a genius is indisputable--”
To John’s genuine surprise, the video – which he’d called “Eat breakfast with us [Ambient]” was done and already had a sprinkling of likes. Checking his notifications, John found that his post on the ASMR forum had gained him almost two hundred followers and a bunch of likes on the first video overnight. The comments were all lovely, and so far the only criticism seemed to be about the fact that his face wasn’t visible.
“I was in an advertisement once--” Anderson jogs to keep up with the producer and her team as they hurry to follow Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson down a blustery boatyard just off the river Thames. Anderson sports a swollen nose, two candles of tissue paper stuck up either nostril.
John let out a sigh that was half-longing, half-regret and one hundred percent nascent mid-life crisis.
Two men have entered the pub. One is tall and pale with a definite crazy look about the eye. His coat flaps dramatically as he stalks into the room, squinting at the light fixtures and doing an on-the-spot about turn. His companion is short, squishy and prematurely grey. His expression is that of a man who has outlived many horrors and expects to see many more.
Molly’s smile was a little sad, but John didn’t detect any wistfulness in it. “I’ll always love Sherlock,” she said, and the way she said it made it sound somehow pure and innocent. “But he’s never loved me in the same way, and he never will. And that’s okay,” she forestalled John’s false assurances.
On screen, one of Shaun’s plans ended in a spectacular barn explosion. Rosie looked at John and said very clearly, with a gummy, self-satisfied smile, “Shit.”
When the cameras roll again, the three men are arranged in a more traditional configuration: arms folded (Dimmock), hands pocketed (Sherlock), wrists clasped behind backs (John). There is only light panting. The penny has been put away.
“Oh darling,” John said. Relief washed over him. Strong little arms wiggled around his neck, and John let himself just breath her in for a few seconds. “I’m so sorry, sweetheart, were you already awake? Was she crying?” he asked Sherlock. He looked around for the baby monitor, stomach dropping when he didn’t see it. Had he really forgotten it? Had he--
John considered, but decided against answering. Posh n Deep could leave a voice message for Ella to deal with in the morning – after all, that was literally her job description. He was just a volunteer. He pulled on his coat, locked the office behind him, and set off for the tube station a few blocks away.
“Tell me about it,” she returned. She leaned against the bar and gave him a very obvious up-and-down. “Who’s the other beer for?”
John checked the peephole and was rewarded with a close-up of Sherlock’s face as he peered back at him. Of course it would be Sherlock. Few other people visited John at home. Greg sometimes came over, usually on weekends, and Molly had visited once or twice. But mostly, that was just how the universe worked, right? Murphy’s law and all that.
“Look I’m—it was nice talking,” John said, finding his voice more honest than he’d have liked it to be. “And sorry for trying to save your soul,” he added, trying to lighten his tone.
Time, as it was wont to do when left to its own devices, wore on. A fortnight passed, edging them into the winter season. John forsook ASMR and slept little. But it wasn’t until Sarah started making snarky comments again that John followed through on his resolution, and “went out”.
ways, John had moved on from Sherlock’s “death”. John suddenly wondered what it had been like to walk back into a life that had gone on years without you.
It is Mr. Idleman, murderer at large! The producer shrieks. The cameraman stumbles back. Idleman snarls at Sherlock, catching him off-guard. In the confused jumble of frames, John leaping Idleman away from Sherlock and socking him in the balls is just visible.
Sherlock shrugged off his coat and threw it over the back of the armchair he usually occupied, but rather than sit, he walked around the place, like he hadn’t been there a million times and taken in its increasingly chaotic glory before.
Sherlock snorts. “If I had to wait for you idiots to catch up I’d be a geriatric by the time cases were solved! Come along, John,” he adds to his partner, who follows with an apologetic shrug to everyone.
