He beamed at them both, but they only stared awkwardly, and he remembered his place. His smile fell and he cleared his throat, bowing his head in the hopes that she understood it as thanks. He fumbled for a moment to take out his coin purse, allowing Steve to pick out the correct coins to hand to the woman. It was odd, to feel removed, but only in the sense that his inability to understand made him seem more like an outsider than he already was. In Ma’atan, he had felt left out of his family. Here, he felt left out of the
“Language,” Steve and Tony said simultaneously, shooting their heads up to look at each other in disbelief.
bed in matching pajamas,” he said quickly, already seeing the talk forming on Steve’s lips, “Okay? Yeah? I know I’ve scared you more times than you care to count, sweetheart. But, as you can see, I am quite
He resolved to talk with Rhodey on the morrow, figuring the man could use some space to figure his worries out. As Tony rolled over and pulled the furs up to get himself ready for a nap, there was a knock on the door and it opened, revealing a familiar head with sad eyes.
As if she had read his mind, a tissue box was slid across the carpet and it knocked against Tony’s leg. With his other hand, Tony carefully offered the box to the boy. PJ jumped a little and Tony thought he had been frightened, before realizing the look on PJ’s face was confusion, not fear.
Tony finally took his turn to stare back, taking his hand off his cheek to wring his hands between his knees.
Tony narrowed his eyes at that, but he huffed and relented, adjusting himself to be a little more comfortable before turning his head to see Bruce at a better angle.
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll help,” Bruce conceded, rolling his eyes as he pulled open a drawer to gather some sterilized equipment, “But you need to help me, first. I’m not getting this kid—”
“What if we took Rhodey to an upper room? Or moved him to a room in the tavern?” Bucky suggested, “Maybe without his scent, Steve will think the threat is gone.”
“Missed you too, Buck,” he murmured, then after a moment’s pause, let a sleazy grin creep up onto his face, “Say, in captivity, we don’t exactly get the news. How’s Sam?”
In the rush to fuck, they’d both forgotten that they’d agreed to meet everyone on their floor, which meant they both skidded to a halt in their living room, out of breath and flushed, dicks on full display for their entire graduating high school class to see, plus Rhodey. Everyone was silent for a few awful seconds, staring, while both men were frozen to the spot. That is, until Natasha held up her phone and the camera shutter went off, impossibly loud in the dead silence.
“Yeah, you talk enough in class that they decided to give you a silent role,” Bucky joked, earning a high-five from Sam.
“Excellent. Now, the matter the Prime has called me to before I retire for the evening—he and Bruce both approached me about the situation that occurred this morning.”
The child blinked up at Tony before sticking his thumb in his mouth, seemingly chewing on it before nodding slowly. Still wary, he glanced around at the others, then ducked his head, silently staring at the floor.
At the thought of Steve, Tony sat up straight as he realized their conversation had never finished. However, the movement caused more pain to tear into him and it surprised him enough that he gasped out loud, clapping a hand over his mouth to stifle the noise. He feared that the guards had heard him, but as silent seconds ticked by, Tony relaxed, only to have the iron door swing open and bang loudly against the concrete wall. The noise caused him to scream, the sound dying in his throat as a small figure was shoved into the room and the door was yanked shut with another bang.
The boy giggled, which made Tony smile, despite knowing Steve and Natasha were having a silent face-conversation. He pulled back from Natasha to crouch down to PJ’s level, showing him the clothes.
With a happy hum, he laid back down with the elephant, picking at its fur as he drifted off back to sleep. Once he was sure PJ was out again, Tony sighed, his shoulders drooping.
“Yeah. Bathroom break,” Tony answered, leaning against the wall with his shoulder, “He’s pretty much potty trained. At least, he knows to ask when he has to go.”
There was some shuffling, then Steve hissed above him, which he figured meant that Bucky and Clint were attempting to pull him off. Tony tried to scramble out, but a roll of Steve’s hips made him squeak and stay in place.
“It makes me feel so much better when you cry, y’know. Considering that I am the more emotional one of the two of us, seeing my big, burly army boy shed a few shiny ones really solidifies my masculinity,” he joked, grinning as he leaned over and pursed his lips.
Tony immediately perked up at that, shyly looking up at Steve with a smile. He nodded, and with a soft voice, started to walk Steve through understanding his bigger times tables. It seemed like they only worked for a few minutes when Miss Hill called for a snack break, so Steve hurried up to turn his booklet in, leaving Tony to go to their cubby to dig out his lunchbox. Mother had packed him blueberries and a juice box for a snack, which made him smile because blueberries were his favorite. He returned to his seat, only to notice that Steve didn’t have a snack. Without prompting, he slid over his cup of blueberries, even going so far as to hold one out for Steve to take from his fingers.
“Yeah, you really do,” he answered softly, “Tony—you gave me a home. Literally. You invited me in and asked after me and did everything you could to try and help me adjust.”
“This is not the worst thing for the serum to give me, dear,” Steve continued, picking up Tony’s hands to squeeze in his own, “I’d say the refractory period is worse.”
A little skeptical, Bruce glanced between Fury and Tony, not wanting to stir up any unnecessary drama.
“Thank you, Bruce. You are a good friend to me,” Tony said honestly, reaching over to pat the doctor’s hand, “Much better than those knotheads, anyway.”
“Hey, stop that. That’s mean,” Steve said as he walked up to the group, frowning at the giggling boys, “Tony’s fine, and I think he looks good. He makes a cute sheep, and you all know it.”
. You know you can always talk to me, man. I might not be the best at advice, but I’m down for blowing shit up with you to help you feel better, and you know Mom would let you stay over if you needed it.”
With the invitation, the child easily scrambled up into Tony’s lap, snuggling up against his chest to be next to the arc reactor. He put his little hand up to rest on the glass covering, accidentally leaving sticky residue from the jelly that had gotten on his fingers. Tony grimaced, but didn’t comment, deciding to just make sure PJ’s hands were washed before he was allowed in laps.
Tony waved the screwdriver at Steve as if to make a point, rolling his eyes as he turned back to the showerhead.
Nearly jumping out of his skin, Tony cursed under his breath, whirling around to see Sam standing in the doorway, a smug smile stretched across his face.
“Speaking of, I was surprised you even took PJ in,” Bruce commented, quickly changing the subject, “You’ve not exactly ever been the fathering type. At least, in my observation.”
Steve gave a teary smile at that and nodded. Relief loosened his shoulders and Tony squeezed the back of Steve’s neck, idly rubbing his thumb over their bondmark.
“I love it. You’s a good friend, Tony,” he murmured, taking Tony’s hand in his own, “C’mon, let’s go finish playin’ house.”
“I am Freya, the first of the healers, wife of the All-father. My husband has been gone for many moons now, so our eldest son has taken his place as the Prime’s translator,” she explained, “I took his place for a brief period of time, but my time was better spent amongst those with other gifts.”
“Alright, I’ll look. Even though I’m not a physician,” he sighed, taking off his glasses to clean on his shirt, “I hope you know what you’re doing, Tony.”
The feminist movement in the 1950s has single women hiding their wings, protesting their irrelevance in society as they wait for their soulmate. It's a fight that they should be able to work, soulmate known or not. The workforce booms with female workers rising and equal pay anthems, but the ‘concealed wings’ trend doesn't last very long.
The Grand Central Station suddenly starts to collapse and Iron Man whizzes to the other side of Manhattan with supersonic speed, suit integrity flashing brightly in front his eyes.
Before she dies, his Ma tells him that she still loves him and his soulmate will cherish him when he finds him.
He worries sometimes he may be the wolf in sheep's clothing, leading the flock astray, his wings solid evidence of a predetermined.
He could be a traitor to society, like Judas, Cassius or Brutus. Building weapons and yanking soulmates from their own without caring and profiting off of agony.
He hears the preacher speak of Brooklyn's changing and the rapid growth of ‘the Jewish invasion” of Crown Heights.
“Cap, do you need backup?” Tony is more than willing to volunteer in combat next to him as a team member (and not to memorize every detail of his childhood idol’s body, thank you, Rhodey), but he’ll admit it over his own dead body.
What ruins Tony until Afghanistan are his wings; they are a sign of no choice, no love and no strength. Maybe he doesn't even have soul. It destroys every rational thought and human instinct for emotion.
The meaning of wing colors is long a mystery to humanity, lost to evolution and religion. There are too many patterns and combinations to know for sure, similar to a fortune teller reading palm lines, but the colors encourage dames and Joe's into their personalities by age 12.
Regardless, Tony is on his feet in seconds, armour around his body and he's flying out of the Tower before he can blink.
He's  a carbon copy, no longer original or unique. The stakes aren't high and Tony Stark is the man he will never be, high-tech and a supernova in a galaxy of empty skies.
When Captain America reviews news footage and watches Iron Man sacrifice his life on CNN, he is proud of his team and a battle well done. Minimal casualties and miniscule city damage with Doc Ock in the hands of NATO and the UN.
Hill’s voice amusedly sneers and protests, “He can go back to dyeing his wings! It's just for guaranteed good press, what you two do in priv-”
There's a mechanical or digital solution to every problem. Dames don't wait for men to come home every night and soldiers don't fight. Money isn't money, just numbers.
Whether it's the electricity of him intimidating those punks in the alley or the rush of saving someone, for once he believes that his blind hope may not be so blind.
He's too poor to dye his sinner's mark and his Ma's love is just enough to keep Steve hopeful that someone is hiding as much as he is.
He finds that he truly is the Tin Man, without a heart or an identity, only made of spare parts, always relying on others to fill the void, whether it be Pepper or Rhodey or the Avengers.
The boy has bright, fluorescent blue woven pattern over entire span of his feathers. It's intricate and bold, the opposite of the vacant and terrified look in his eyes, embers and flames ablaze.
He knows his mother means well but he can't help but hate the flawless decorations and perfection of how celebratory the house looks. The scent of fresh panettone and gingerbread dispersed precisely throughout each room.
(In reality, he is Shakti, a Hindu Goddess, the divine force, manifesting to destroy evil forces and restore balance)
If it takes the end of the world for the two of them to accomplish anything, maybe they're the opposite of soulmates.
When he stops squinting and covering his eyes, a voice say in a bone chilling and aggressive tone, ‘Leave, you sons of bitches,”.
His fear is to be rejected and shamed. To not belong. He is no captain or comrade, no man out of time or war hero; just a soldier in a new battle.
And he wants; to help to love, to cherish and to protect. He wants to exist in unity with Tony and erase every doubt with 'I love you's and promises. He knows it won't be perfect, that they will fight tooth and nail, argue like assholes and feel hate outweigh love sometimes
The anger and frustration burst through Steve without warning. It's like an electric shock all of a sudden; one second, he's bouncing on the back of his heels, his back lit form small and frail, ready for his fight-or-flight instincts to kick in; the next second, chaos ensues. Everything blurs together in his head, but his wings spread out completely and his posture goes rigid.
Bucky doesn't understand why Steve won't talk about his wings or what the big deal is until he walks in on Steve with them out. He stumbles a little and stares, his eyes too wide and his posture too stiff.
The curveball fucking him up is most likely Steve Rogers. He's moved to the Tower months ago and Tony still hasn't figured him out.
Maybe the captain would think Tony's soulmate is the Devil or that he will never outlive the name of Merchant of Death.
Steve's wings aren't black anymore; he can't help but wish that he knew for sure. Just to be sure that there is no one out there, hiding.
It's the truth. He's never belonged to someone or something, be it God, the army or America. But this is his.
“Fury's annoyed that you didn't tell any of us,” A female voice sounds annoyedly bored and footsteps methodically waltz closer towards Steve's body. Tony's mind is offline and he can't remember anything, “but we can salvage PR through a statement and maybe a couple press conferences. No one needs to know but S.H.I.E.L.D. wants analysis tests. The serum’s effect on your wings isn't reversible and there aren't photos of them before 1940, so it shouldn't be-”
“I'm sorry,” Tony says after Vanko and nearly dying. “But I'm better off alone.” He's in his lab and staring into oblivion.
Steve's wings are stalwart and balanced. They compliment his enhanced build. The serum changes them more than he could've ever imagined.
The chapter with Steve and George (completely bs of a name) was meant to reinforce homophobia and a redemption arc
He sees the way older couples eye the space where his wings should glow. He sees mothers usher their children away from him, like looking at him will contaminate them with sin and illness.
(Even when Obadiah tears the arc reactor out of his chest after Afghanistan, it can't compare it to the pain of that moment.)
He knows he's not a queer because it's wrong and against every fiber that believes in justice and God. Because he can't be. Good lord, what would the world think? Captain America at the beck and call of love for a man. It's not conventional and it's against everything he kn-
(If only he knew , Steve is Gabriel, an archangel sounding the horn of resurrecting a dead man and the procession choir to rapture.)
He wakes up to Jarvis knocking on his door, incoherently mumbling into the side of his pillow and the distinct scent of burnt metal and wires. He's barely stumbled to the on suite bathroom to throw up the remainder of his hangover and rinse out the taste of last night's gin and regrets when he sees it.
The last thought rattles in Steve's head for days like water stuck in his ears; he wonders if the beam had been angled slightly more or the suit hadn't used emergency protocols to save Tony fast enough if he beats the likeliness that isn't burying his other half in a coffin, walking down a procession march.
Tony knows soul biology more than he cares to admit; it's rare that when soulmates escape near death encounters, their souls become entwined for a brief period. Tony thinks it's all talk and it's such an anomaly that a majority of scientists think it's a legend for unhappy soulmates to prove their own destiny or something.
The Steve Rogers that dives into the ice seventy years before is not the one present, here and now. He is a new man, with a family and a soulmate. His kinship will always be for God and his country but his heart…
“It wouldn't matter if you were, son.” Steve calmly tells him, strong and clear, picking ashes off of his feathers. “No one deserves to be attacked for their wings.”
He can sense an angry heartbeat, a throbbing fury at the back of his head through breathing and it perfectly syncs with Tony's insides.
And maybe, just maybe, she's cheering Steve on, to win the war Tony feels, the world against his soul.)
Tony knows the world would crucify him. Call him a freak. He knows scientist would test him like a lab rat until the sun turns black.
'The Scale' was the metric I made up for wings, their patterns and meanings. I never fully developed it but it was a concept to reinforce society's reinforced view of black wings.
Tony sees an outdated soldier with an extreme messiah complex, ever the martyr in civilian life and a perfect prodigy manufactured out of war.
May it be the law of attraction, the forces of praying to Gods they don't believe in or Loki's rampage that brings them together, but it is only after the battle of New York that balance is made; yin meets yang, the stars align or whatever you may believe in.
(When he crashes into the Artic at the end of the war, he wonders if it would've been worth it to try.)
“Even if you think you don't have a soul, these,” Rhodey gestures wildly “are proof that you do. Even if you think you can't be loved, these are proof that you can,Tones. You are real. You're not damned and you're not soulless.”
Steve feels like God is sending him a sign, alright. He feels like an abomination. He tries harder after to be better after they go black. Helps his neighbors for groceries and looks after kids when their parents are bargaining ‘round Wallabout Market.
In his dying moments, Yinsen strains out, “Don’t waste it. Don't waste your life without your soulmate”.
He sees Kristallnacht everytime he walks past small, family-run stores and the local synagogues. He sees small children shoving their yarmulkes on Sundays, passing TVs outside higher end stores.
He's Captain America, goddamnit. No asthma or bum heart and he's supposed to be better. But, damn the twenty-first century to hell if he's still as broken as fragile as Steve Rogers in a dingy, apartment mirror at 13.
It still gives Steve comfort that hiding one's wings without interrogation is an action more accepted in the 21st century.
Steve spends ages in S.H.I.E.L.D. medical fighting tooth and nail with Fury and Hill to see Tony. The serum takes a hit but he's healing fine, solely a mild concussion, some broken bones and a lungful of carbon monoxide. He's rested and released reluctantly after passing several cognitive and physical exams.
He visits Coney Island once after his Ma dies. Its November of 1940. He’s downtown and is rejected from enlistment for the first time. He's discouraged but he knows this isn't the end. His thoughts scramble to arrange travel to a new city and to try, just fucking try, to be more than the Devil's fallen angel.
He's not dumb despite his father's reiterations that he's useless and should've found his match by now that he'll never have someone who loves him.
He doesn't let them stretch out more than a few days a month before the serum. After his Ma dies, he moves into a smaller apartment on the southside of Brooklyn Heights where he feels more strait than before.
An overly anxious, weighted feeling seeps into his stomach and Steve knows no amount of years beneath the ice could have prepared him for this.
Brooklyn becomes too Manhattan and Manhattan becomes a giant neon sign with  copper passing off as diamonds.
It is better to know. You cannot walk blindly in the dark. It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness. Do not hide your light under a bushel; you simply set it up on a high place so that it may light those around you.
Days later, Bruce emerges from Tarmugli Island with a new perspective and knowledge of an undiscovered science.
Steve bolts upright before his eyes open and Tony freezes and shuts his eyes, biting his cheek to stay silent.
Tony feels his heart break. He tries so hard to be a better man for the sake of his new found family, but more so for Steve Rogers than Captain America.
Tony wonders if it makes him a psychopath; if all his life he imitates emotion and lacks the real empathy of holding part of someone's soul.
Tony's used to solely interacting with people at the top of their fields or finest in the world; endocrinologists and toxicologists; ex-KGB assassins and Avengers. Captain America is on that list but Steve Rogers is not.
In actuality, it’s he who fights the shame for years, the lamb as a sacrifice, so the lion of Captain America may rise.)
He can't help but elusively eye Stark, hoping, somehow, that his side-eye would go unnoticed as he tried to figure out just how Tony worked.
Days pass; people come and go around the Tower. Steve starts noticing the true mystery that Tony Stark. He's arrogant and entitled, yet selfless in high stake situations. He refused in New York to listen on comms, directly ignored orders, and jeopardized the mission for such a small victory.
He promises, in a vow until death does his soul or his soulmate part, to search. His heart survives too much to be afraid of rejection or failure. He believes in Aristophanes’ story in the Symposium as he watches the Expo be blown to kingdom come.
Bruce twitches tells him that it's always possible but the science is too complex for Steve's outdated knowledge to understand.
He scours SHIELD's files for information when he first comes with the new decade; he flips through pages and pages of the international Index of partners. The internet connects people who are searching for their other half, proof that the universe is on their side.
The infamy and sting of publically being Iron Man cause more speculation on his ulterior motives. He doubts being the Most Famous Mass-Murderer in the History of America screams superhero.
“Or maybe, he’s here because he cares,” A nagging voice inside his head barely whispers, and Tony just wants to shut it up. Because it’s not true. Steve cares about the team, not him particularly. It's purely professional, despite Tony's attempt to cut the tension down between him.
“I have no desire to be just a body for him to dump his load into. If that is all he wants from me, he can get it from any common whore out there. Otherwise, he gets to take his turn as the pretty Omega.”
Steve did not seem to care about Tony’s protests, but he quickly became bored with just Tony’s arm and tried to pull him in again. This time, he tugged a little too hard and Tony cried out in pain, jerking his arm out of the cell to cradle to his chest. He ignored Steve’s growls and pathetic whines and stood to leave, pretending as though his knees were not knocking together in fear.
“Okay, yeah, so what if I tend to overanalyze little things? That’s how I got to where I am!” He sputtered, putting his hands on his hips, “It’s not—there are too many things here to just all be
“I’m happy to see you’re making friends already, darling. You behave yourself, alright? I will be back to pick you up this afternoon,” she said, putting her delicate hands on his shoulders, “If you need anything, you know what to do, yes?”
“No, oh no sweetheart, you’re okay, you just continue to be full of surprises,” Tony said quickly, trying to school his face, “If you use pet names, you can only use it for one person so we know who you’re talking about.”
By the time he had finished cleaning up PJ’s room and bathroom and returned to his bedroom, apparently Steve had showered and collapsed on the bed, because that’s where Tony found him, splayed out on his side with PJ on top of his back, equally as asleep and snoring into Steve’s neck. He bit his lip and motioned for JARVIS to snap a picture, quietly backing out of the room and closing the doors to leave them to sleep.
“He probably went to the gym. He’s frustrated that he was wrong for once,” he snorted, carefully putting his arm around PJ to rub the boy’s back, “Actually, do you think you could send Rhodey down whenever he gets back? It's looking like I’m going to be here for a bit. Oh, god, wait, PJ needs a bag too, since he’s most likely not going to leave my side, but I took his elephant with us when we went for our stroll and then got kidnapped—”
“I’m sure she’s head over heels for you, Cap,” he assured, “What’s not to like, right? You just have to ask her.”
It was silent for a bit after that, leaving even Natasha a little stunned as she pushed the last her cake crumbs around her plate. Bruce cleared his throat and stood up, grabbing his empty plate.
He shifted Peter slightly to kiss his temple as he felt pride surge from Steve’s side of the bond. The Alpha always preened when either he or Peter accomplished something, like a proud momma bird watching her fledglings fly. At first, it had been a little insulting since Steve had not really contributed to their growth, but now the feeling only served to warm his heart. As Steve once explained--in a jerky, shy voice--he does not feel like he has done anything, he merely is pleased to see that his bonded and baby have blossomed and grown since their arrival. Tony had rolled his eyes then. Now, he understood the reason to celebrate, as they had gotten a full night’s rest without any interruptions.
Before he could get yelled at, Tony dug at his money purse and pulled it out, taking out a handful of coins to give to the merchant. The look on the woman’s face told him that he had paid more than he should have, but he waved her off and continued to coo at Peter, too overwhelmed with love for his tot to care about the expense.
At the name, Steve perked up and nodded, jogging over to the door to yell down the hallway. Tony sighed and dressed in the other clothing provided, only to marvel at how soft the fabric was. The bottom piece was a pair of flowy pants that had a tie to cinch it at the waist and the top was a loose shirt that would have swamped him, had it not been cut short. He had a hard time coming up with a reason to want to ask for something else, but when he picked up Peter and shifted his legs, he blushed again and considered asking Thor if the padded underwear was normal for all Omegas.
intention of doing. I realize that I am an Omega, but a father still has his rights,” he said, growing more frustrated as he talked.
Steve giggled and walked off toward the coat closet, leaving Tony to watch him go, eyes glued to his ass for a moment before dragging his gaze up to his tiny waist and impossibly broad shoulders. It was still weird seeing Steve,
Blinking slowly, Tony watched the nurse leave, listening to the sound of PJ’s screaming dwindle as the pounding of footsteps came up the hallway. It didn’t take long for the child to appear in the doorway, his face blotchy and eyes rimmed red from crying. He scrambled over to the bed, sniffling as he tried to climb up.
Like a cold breath on the back of his neck, Tony shivered as he felt the hairs on his neck stand up under Steve’s gaze.
He stilled his hand and went silent. Tony bit his lip and shut his eyes, waiting for the inevitable; he expected Steve to slide his hand down and take him again because a
Tony gave him an unimpressed look and raised a single eyebrow when Steve pouted and looked away. They headed down the corridor in silence with Steve leading so he could open the doors to the courtyard. The crisp air made Tony sigh and smile; he preferred the colder months, as he could then work at an outside forge without risking heatstroke. Steve seemed to notice his mood change, for he slipped an arm around his waist and dared to rest his hand on Tony’s left hip. He welcomed the touch and leaned into Steve’s side, allowing the man to bear some of his weight. Sure, he was ready for some sort of argument, but he was not stupid enough to reject the comforting touch.
“If you’ll excuse us, we have a bed to finish making,” He answered, changing the subject, “If you’re that upset over your mocha chocolate chip, Clint has some in the freezer he thinks I don’t know about under the sink in his private bathroom.”
Steve managed a nod, but his tongue felt too heavy to speak. The toll of the week was starting to catch up to him and he knew he had to take care of himself in order to help take care of Tony. So, he tucked his head into Tony’s side and fell asleep. His respite didn’t last long, though; it felt like he’d just closed his eyes when Bucky was shaking him awake, laughing when he groaned and sat up to wipe the drool from his face.
The sentence was translated, then the two men quietly left the room, leaving Tony alone with Peter. Carefully, he stood and held the baby up against his chest, turning around to push the clothes off of the bed and onto the floor. He lowered himself onto one side, letting out a soft sigh as he settled down on the unfairly comfortable bed, adjusting Peter so he was laid stomach-down on Tony’s chest. He knew he should wait for the others to return so he could crawl into his own bed, but the day had exhausted him to the point that all he had to do was let his eyes rest for a second or two and he fell asleep.
“We need to wash up, then we can go collect Peter for dinner,” he said, propelled onward solely by his need to have his baby back in his arms, “Would you like that? We can all eat together in bed if you wish. Then you do not have to sit on the hard chairs with your sore ass all evening.”
“I feel like no matter what I do I am going to hurt him,” he admitted quietly, “As a baby, he was an anonymous little thing with bright eyes, but now I can see so much of Mary in his face and nose--I fear he will feel my heartbreak and think that I resent him. However, if I attempt to stymie our bond to keep that from him, he will feel me pushing him away…”
“You tried. It’s fine,” Tony murmured, thinking back to elementary school, “Just a few more years, then I’ll be in college and he can’t get me anymore.”
It was hell. There were few HYDRA survivors they managed to capture, and even those few somehow managed to get cyanide pills into their mouths. On the intel side, the mission was a catastrophic failure, and Steve knew Natasha was going to get flak from Fury for it. However, he knew what he’d seen, and with Tony’s help, they’d probably be able to construct a good enough build of the base for data retention.
There was a moment of silence between them as they watched Natasha compliment PJ on his new clothes; Steve spoke first.
“Nevermind, I like my eggs just like this,” Tony grunted, making a face when Steve laughed, “What? I have a
With a nod, Tony gently let go of PJ and stood, letting the orderlies take the rolling bed as he trailed behind. Somewhere, a small thought in his head reminded him that
“We have already been through a lot,” Tony said, smiling down at Pete despite the baby’s continued cries, “I think without his mother here he has imprinted onto me.”
Eventually, Tony knew he was going to have to feed Peter, but the thought of doing it around Rhodey with Steve watching made him more uncomfortable as the seconds ticked by. He squirmed for a moment and then stood from the table, excusing himself in both languages before fleeing to the bedroom. Footsteps were hot on his heels and it was easy to tell who had followed him; without turning around to acknowledge him, Tony sat down on their bed and shucked up his shirt and bra, carefully moving Peter into place with a soft whimper.
“Shh, darling, we were not fighting over you, I promise,” he whispered, turning his back on the crowd in a last-ditch effort for privacy, “Do not be scared, my love. Daddy is here to protect you, even from the big scary Alphas. Shh,
Regardless, he poured through the sheet had ended on. By the end, his face had gone pallid, mouth open slightly as he tried to accept what he had just read.
, Tony helped place the child on his hip, showing the Captain where to place his arms to keep the boy upright. Sated, PJ leaned his head on Steve’s shoulder, eyes fluttering closed as he held the elephant tight between them. Steve’s face quickly morphed from hesitant okay-ness to abject horror, looking at Tony with wide, helpless eyes.
“You’ve known him since you guys ran around in diapers. It’s going to take awhile to get over him,” Rhodey said gently, “And it’s going to hurt real bad. But you’re not alone, Tones. Clearly, you’re not alone. If those two redheads are willing to try and nearly kill a man in cold blood in a public area for you, you’re not alone.”
Tony peeked open an eye to see Steve standing in the bathroom doorway, hands wrung nervously in front of his chest. He could feel the worry pulsing in their bond, causing his own heart to beat faster.
“Steve’s here,” Tony explained, hearing the blond move from the chair to the other side of the bed, “He brought you a change of clothes and stuff in case we needed it, but I guess not.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Bruce said, reaching over to squeeze his shoulder, “I know that it is not easy to surrender such things, especially when they are so young. We will be fast and soon he will be back in your arms to feed.”
“Nope, not dead, still here,” he interrupted with a laugh, “Just thinking about how much I want to be home already.”
“Hi,” Tony whispered quickly, “I’m Tony. You’re safe now. We took you away from the bad guys and that nasty place. I know you’re really scared right now, but we’re going to be able to help you, okay? This here is Natasha, and this is Bruce. They’re really good friends of mine and we’re going to try our best to help you.”
Steve tried to console him, but the sobs were already in his mouth, his shoulders shaking as he cried onto Steve’s tux. He clutched at Steve, sitting up when it became too much and he could barely breathe. The anxiety was clawing its way up his throat, reminding him of the first few days in therapy, when all he could do was count his breaths. The dark spots told him he wasn’t getting enough air, and he tried to covey this to Steve, but soon gentle lips were against his own, soft and pliant under him. On instinct he kissed back, drawing in ragged breaths when Steve took seconds here and there to pull away.
Tony closed his eye again and lifted up the furs, allowing Steve to crawl under them with him. The Alpha ran warm enough that it felt like he had his own personal heater in the bed. He snuggled up to him, but Steve was rigid and tense like he was expecting to leap out of bed at any second. Tony tilted his head back so he could peer up at the Warlord, noting that he was staring off at the far wall instead of sleeping.
“We should keep moving. The rain will provide us cover,” he explained, tucking the baby back under his shirt and tying his sash on once more, “We’ll be there by nightfall, I’m sure of it.”
“That’s it. I got you,” Tony soothed, ignoring every screaming instinct to scoop the boy up and hold him close, “You feeling better, huh? Maybe Natasha—”
“I’ll get tape! Lemme get the tape, an’ you can put it up in the cubby,” Steve declared, sliding off of his seat, “You stay here, okay?”
He turned to look at Tony, and seeing the engineer’s distraught, confused, and somehow amused expression, Steve felt a weight lift off of his shoulders.
None of them were very fond of the plan, but tactically, it was understood as necessary. They pushed onward until the stars that were guiding them were swallowed up by the tree canopy, leaving them in darkness. A river was easy to locate by sound, and once they stumbled upon one, Clint allowed them to rest for the night. Tony waited for Bruce to get off and take Peter before sliding off himself, stumbling on shaky legs. He took back the babe and immediately sat down against the closest tree, spreading his legs wide to alleviate the ache from riding for so long.
“I really think this is a conversation for Pepper,” Bruce tried to interrupt, pinching the bridge of his nose, “Tony, as much as I love you and appreciate your genius, your innate ability to hyper-focus on little things amazes me too much for me to be able to help you.”
At least five of the ribs had massive knots of bone in the middle of them, as if someone had stuck the two pieces of ribs into a marshmallow to hold them together.
He leaned back to be able to meet Steve’s eyes and raised an eyebrow at the Prime’s embarrassed expression.
Honestly, the situation wouldn’t be that awful, but since Hulk had changed back to into Bruce, they needed to find food before the good doctor starved.
“Okay? Enough for now? Papa can make you something to eat later if you get hungry again,” he told the now sleepy toddler, “Ready to go down and see all your aunts and uncles?”
“Just some bruising, nothing too bad,” he said, thankful for small mercies as he handed PJ his shirt to put back on, “Do your legs hurt at all? Any ouchies?”
It had been the last conversation Tony had with him until the summer of complete hell. He was juggling a few classes, which was fine, but he had finally decided to go to his and Steve’s spot behind the old oak near their former preschool, where they’d shared lunch and played house together. The school was long gone, replaced by nature, engulfing the tree up into a private getaway. Tony snuck into the brush, intent on climbing the tree, only to find Steve and Peggy, the latter’s skirt hiked up to her waist and her back against the tree, Steve trembling in front of her as he held her up, his pants clearly unbuckled and crumpled around his thighs. They didn’t see him, but he clearly saw them, and with that, he turned around and ran home, throwing out his cell in a random trashcan as he ran. He threw himself into his schoolwork and into the Expo, designing and patenting new biomedical technology, including a comfortable, lightweight back brace, designed to help young kids with scoliosis get back outside and play.
“Are you a parrot today? No, not really again. That was Natasha the first time, but she also lent him your pastels, so don’t be too hard on Hawkass,” Tony sighed, smoothing a hand through his wet hair, “Look, Steve. You’re in my house now. If you need something, ask. Thor knows I have enough money to make sure you’re at least a comfortable senior citizen.”
hate me,” Tony snapped, standing and walking through the hologram to start to pace around the room, “That doesn’t make any fucking sense—we were cool after New York, we were even cool when I
He was finally about to nod off, exhausted from the whole ordeal, when hurried footsteps echoed down the hall and the door slammed open with a bang, causing him to shout and PJ to scream and burst into tears.
“Thank you,” Tony murmured, turning off the stove and taking the finished chicken off of the heat, “For everything. Being here. Avoiding your job just to—”
“Steve, you don’t have anything that imbalances your hormones like that,” Tony quickly soothed, “Maybe—I mean, you might not be
“You are alright,” he heard Steve say, “The slick helps, I promise. It means you are nice and loose, and that helps with the, uh, healing process.”
“Yes. Seeing Tony and PJ again after a month with little to no contact,” she said, peeling off her catsuit with a grunt of disgust, not caring that she was only in her skivvies, “Do you think you’re mentally ready for all that?”
“Eventually. He kept pulling himself to his feet using the bars of his crib as if he was going to get out of it and come look for you. I told him you would come up faster if he laid down and he fell asleep waiting for you.”
Thor’s voice startled him and he yelped, causing Peter to unlatch and begin to cry. All three men shot the translator a nasty look, but Thor just put a hand on the Lieutenant’s shoulder.
“Don’t worry. We all can handle that,” Bruce waved the thought away, putting a hand on Tony’s back as they walked out of the room, “I happened to be in the main living room when JARVIS’ call came, so I need to go tell them everything’s okay. Think you can handle yourself?”
While Steve puttered about, Tony grabbed a new set of clothes for him and Peter from the closet, heading into the bathroom again to clean Peter up before dressing him. Today’s dress was lavender, embroidered with silver thread that shimmered. He seemed to like it, immediately grabbing onto it and yanking it around with his tiny fist.
“Rhodey was wrong too,” he continued quietly, “Perhaps at first you forced my hand, but you always back off once you understand and are apologetic. Not many Alphas are like that, and even less so those with power. He just needs time to get to know you and to get used to … this. To us. I will talk to him, but you are going to have to apologize.”
“You are beyond wonderful,” he said, to which Tony started to panic, only to be held in place by Steve’s hands, “Hey, don’t. I mean it. You
Unbeta'd. Comments and kudos are really appreciated. Ask me questions over @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
“There are some stereotypes that are true, and their knots taking over their brains is one of them.”
Tony sighed happily in the warm bed, stretching out all of his limbs so he was starfished out, taking up as much room as possible. Usually, being reminded of the size of his bed and how much it dwarfed him made him uneasy, but he could feel the warm spots next to him where Steve had been sleeping, and for once, he didn’t feel so alone. He closed his eyes, drifting somewhere between awake and asleep as he listened for Steve cooking, his baritone easy to pick out against the occasional high chirps of PJ most likely asking for bits. The smell of eggs and ham and fresh coffee filled his nose, and just as he forced himself to shuffle and sit up in bed, Steve was carrying a tray in to set on his lap.
Steve lifted a shoulder in a half shrug. “I’m not sure. I don’t know. I’m still trying to find myself in this world and in this pack. I don’t want to say for sure that I would never consider it, because that’s not telling the truth.” He had to say it, though he didn’t like the thought of putting it out into the world like that, but the solemn truth was that he had been dreaming about Tony for months, if not years now. Every encounter was more real, more moving than the next. He might not know all the details of Tony’s life, but he knew, in intimate detail, his soul.
Steve smiles. “Still, you had Morgan. I’m happy for that.” He kisses Tony lightly. “Even if we lost our chance, at least you had Morgan.”
The bindings of dark tendrils tie him, shackling him to the debased realm of the Red Skull. This truly is no longer the place of souls, but the hell constructed by the Skull. The tendrils grow barbs and pierce through his armor into his skin. No movement stops them for they are the essence of the putrefied realm itself.
When Steve breaches him, it’s face to face. The look of pure bliss mixed with a fierce pride trembles through Tony causing him to shudder and jerk against him. He spills a little but stops himself from coming. He wants to come with Steve thrusting in him, he wants to feel the full thickness of Steve pounding into him.
And so over the long days and through the summer to the winter, Tony promised himself not to look back, not to let the longing emptying out his core drag him down. Promises ended up only being broken wishes. How could the vacuous place inside him have weight? Like the gravity well of a black hole, it pulled him down and only the events of his life happening around him seemed to have any glimmer of light. He watched as if he was an outside observer as the ragged edges continued to unravel and sink into the depression of the hole inside of him. He pretended it didn’t matter. As he built and worked and discovered and invented, Tony Stark fooled himself that it didn’t matter that the events in New York became strangely distant and those people that were, for a moment, the most important in his life were only a dream or a figment of a yesteryear life. He faked that his trembling hands had nothing to do with the fears growing through him. Instead it was because of his drinking or not drinking – whichever it happened to be at that moment. He closed himself away from it all.
Steven has gone to his knees in front of Tony, his head down. There’s a slight quake to his shoulders.
“What the fuck, Obie! That armor has been a lifesaver and you know it.” Tony throws down the handful of components he holds. “I’ve modified it so that we can use it for others. I’m not sure what else you want me to do with that.”
“Okay, here we go. We’re leaving cloud cover,” Clint said and pushed the choke down.  The helicopter descended. Steve scanned the sky but found no sign of the jet.
Ross ignores him. “Steven Rogers you are stripped of your military rank and will be remanded into the custody of the Department of Defense for questioning.”
“I am not leaving you like this, shit. No,” Tony says. “And I can give you anything you need, what do you need? Tell me what you need?” He tugs out his phone and punches in the code.
"You are so much more than that, Captain, so much more." Tony gazes at him and it penetrates with such skill, Steve considers whether or not he might be favored with some kind of magic or supernatural power. "I want to find out everything about you."
When Fury finally gave a curt nod, Strange offered a bow with a flourish and then excused himself, leaving Wong without a farewell.
Tony noticed Thor – a vampire eons old – standing quietly by the door. He never said a word. Tony shook his head. “We don’t know how long he’ll live. It could be longer than you think. Much longer considering the serum.”
“I won’t wake her.” Steve leaves Tony to Morgan, their first daughter. Sarah’s only 3 months old and still doesn’t sleep well. Morgan loves her little sister, but they make sure that their bedtime routines are separate, and that Morgan gets time with Steve in the evening. Steve has become the main caretaker of their children.
A thousand questions collide in Steve’s head about the family business, Loki’s knowledge, the scope of the poison, but he needs to focus down to the point. Natasha interrupts him with her darkened mood.
He left the kitchen and Steve stood staring at the cooling omelets and his stomach flipped over considering his next actions. As he remained paralyzed a fresh tingling spread over his arm and centered on the soul mark for Brother. Steve winced and clamped his hand over his wrist.
“He’s been hit,” Natasha said as Steve collapsed into her arms. He saw the gray skies above and the flash of lightning surround them. It started to rain as he lost consciousness.
He spends most of the first week terrified he’s going to get fired. To mitigate his fears, Steve overcompensates. He watches countless videos online about helping blind and low vision people. None of the videos actually give him a clue how to deal with someone who hasn’t accepted his state after nearly ten years. None of the videos actually tell him how to ensure that Tony’s secret is safe. If he realizes anything, Steve realizes this little fact. So, when he’s not searching the internet for the latest information on leading blind people – (the blind leading the blind keeps playing on repeat in his head and he’s sure that’s not a nice thing at all) then he is trying desperately to study and fill up his brain as quickly as possible, or he’s working on the comic book panels for Asgardian Comics because he knows in the end that he will get fired and he needs to make his rent for next month. Giving up his apartment is a no go. He has to keep it; he’ll never find anything as cheap as it is again – well not one that isn’t rat infested.
“Holy shit! Tell me you decked him. Please tell me you decked him,” Tony says not even considering the idea that Howard hated him for his sexuality.
Crouching, Steve slips his arms around Tony, holding him bridal style and then standing to make the hazardous way down the stairs. He only hopes Bucky will continue to rest as he leaves the jail house. Pepper guides him and it’s relatively easy as a task, though Tony seems more upset by the time they get to the lower floor. He’s visibly ill, his cheeks and forehead wet with perspiration as if he’s done the heavy lifting.
Once through those massively thick and ornately carved doors, Steve finds a waiting room with plush leather chairs and a few dark wood tables. There aren’t any magazines to read but a few textbooks on neurology and other biomedical sciences are on display. Steve wonders if the good doctor expects them to want to sit and wait and read graduate level textbooks. He frowns but then a woman appears from a side door and ushers them to an examining room. He has no idea how she knew they were there and then spies the small cameras embedded in the walls. The place is creepier than he assumed.
Steve has his hands pushed between his legs and he sits hunched over.  Tony has no idea what happened to his phone.
Going to the drawer at the table near the bed, he pulls out a cock cage – a ring will never do. He brings it over and efficiently without any ceremony or explanation, snaps it into place. Luckily the cock cage allows Tony to lock the omega’s cock in either a flaccid or erect position. He selects the erect position. The metal gears are clean and sleek. It works well. Tony likes the design. After he finishes, he goes to the cuffs and releases the man’s wrists. He crumples to the floor.
Tony smirks. “Language, Rogers.” Maybe he should just call Steve, find out what the problem is. Why he up and left. The last he talked to him, he was comfortable and concerned. It seems out of character for Steve to leave behind his responsibilities. He’d been conscientious and trustworthy during the short time he held the position of Tony’s assistant.
It’s derailed everything. “Tony, don’t listen to them. They’re trying to distract us. They’re trying to pit us against one another-.”
“No need for prep,” Tony says and reaches back, spreading himself for Steve. He knows Steve too well, he already did it himself.
The screech roused him out of a deep slumber, but it still took too long for him to react, for him to stumble out of the bed, because the tangled around his sheets. Steve pitched forward onto the floor of the bedroom and shook himself, rubbing at his eyes and forcing his way past the groggy feeling clouding his brain. His arms tingled as he pushed up from the floor and stopped. He hung there, between kneeling and laying prone, as the room looped around him. The serum wasn’t working fast enough, not nearly fast enough to replace what he’d given Tony. Yet, Tony had been hungry, so insatiably hungry that Steve would do it again, in a heartbeat. The nausea came over him as he waited out the dizzy spell. It took too long as the security system screamed warnings of perimeter breach.
Racing down the nearest trail, Steve longs for his backpack. He’d have more options for defense and offense. Another shot comes dangerous close to his head, the spray of the stone peppers his already injured cheek and he nearly loses his footing due to the pain. He battles for balance and throws the shield at the same time, knowing full well it won’t hit its target. The Iron Man armor bashes the shield away and blasts Steve with the unibeam. It hits him full in the gut, stealing his breath and hurling him into the wall. The answering electric shock doubles the pain, and he tastes blood in his mouth. He collapses to the ground, hand pinned to his bleeding gut. The Iron Man armor stalks him. His vision blinks in and out. He fights for consciousness. Ultron raises his arm and Steve knows nothing more.
“That’s a little presumptuous of you,” Natasha says and heads for the serving bar. “I haven’t had any fresh fruit in forever. I swear I’m going to get rickets or something.”
“Ten, huh?” Steve says. He opens the lid of another container to reveal wraps of Mendocino Chicken Salad. “Oh.” He licks his lips. “This looks good.” He glances up at Tony as if to ask what it is.
“Deal with?” Steve didn’t think of himself as a knucklehead, but this Tony Stark – Howard Stark’s son – put him on edge. An edge that became the line between the past and the future. He teetered on it, ready any minute to fall, or to leap depending on the moment of the day.
“What do you mean?” Tony’s the little spoon today. Sometimes Steve needs him to be the big spoon. Sometimes Tony takes his time with Steve and breaks him apart into the frail small man he used to be and then that’s when Tony tells Steve how much he loves him. But today Tony needs the security that only Steve can give him, not even his suit of armor feels as protective and secure.
“Shush, we’re going to handle it. Don’t worry, Pep. I’m going to make everything better,” Tony says, though he has no idea where to begin.
Steve couldn’t recall but he’s fairly certain that the street in the movie hadn’t been closed off with a large brick wall and wrought iron fencing. Steve spots the motion detectors and the special sensors that would paralyze an intruder.
“I don’t think you have to worry about any threat, Sheriff. The rules I’m talking about are quite different than the typical rules of law.” He leans in toward Steve and there’s a certain gravity, a force behind his words, his expression that draws Steve inward, tugging  at him.
“And a blacksmith, and that’d be good,” Steve says and lifts his injured shoulder in a partial, but aborted shrug. The pain forces him to clutch onto the table, steadying the waves until it quiets. Bucky is there in an instant, hand on his arm and holding him up.
“Let’s not think about that now,” Bruce said. He touched Tony’s arm. So rarely did Bruce reach out and make physical contact that Tony understood the profundity of the gesture. Dropping his hands, he looked at Bruce. “Why don’t you go and see Steve now?”
“I don’t, I don’t know,” Tony says and there’s a hitch to his shoulders and then he looks up, tilting his head back. “I don’t fucking know, because I was too damned wrapped up in everything that happened to me. I got a fucking hole in my chest, I have a battery hooked up to me like I’m some kind of weird Frankenstein’s monster. I could only think about how it affected me. I refused, I refused to help them and they shot him in the head. His brains-.” He looks down and scrubs at the dirt and rock floor with his foot. “His brains were everywhere. I still find little hard gelatinous pieces of them.” He’s visibly shaking now.
Steve strapped on his holster for the shield and placed it on his back. Not a great disguise with it on but he wasn’t leaving it behind – not to them. Clint cringed but didn’t say anything as he retrieved his bow and his quiver. Okay, that wasn’t subtle either. Steve chuckled and they both rolled their eyes at each other.
Steve skidded to a stop. He panted as he gripped both of Tony’s shoulders. “You have to pull it together Tony. How they did it doesn’t matter. Not anymore. They’re here to clean this place out. To take away everything you worked for, to-.”
“The bond isn’t just something we’ll talk about. It’s complete. It’s also very much against every doctrine. No angel may love a human.”
“Buck,” Steve said again, and he found himself crossing the few steps that separated them and he encompassed Bucky in his arms. “I missed you so damned much.”
“You already looked into it?” Tony asks and the thought of Steve wanting to leave hurts and he’s not ready to admit that he has no business being hurt when he’s been jonesing for the same thing.
It may have only been a kiss or maybe it was more. Later, Steve wouldn’t be able to tell the difference. Love is no fairy tale with a long time ago beginning and a happily ever after end. Love isn’t natural, instead it’s something irrational, illogical, and purely inexplicable. There is no science to dissect it, there is no reasoning to understand it. Love wasn’t meant to be by the biologics of life, but love exists as an error; it exists as a solution, as a savior, as a point of return. It’s something truly human, something that Ultron could never understand.
Stark grabs his wrist and tugs him down. “No, Sheriff, don’t leave. Things are just starting to get interesting.”
Natasha touches Tony’s shoulder. “It’s okay. I can do this.” She walks around Tony to confront Heimdall.
Tony startled and looked up to see Ross standing at the entrance to the laboratory. He looked refreshed as if he’d just started his day in the middle of the night. He clapped his hands and rubbed them together.
“Damn it, Sheriff, you are going to be the death of me,” Tony pants as he comes down from the high of climax.
“Jesus, how long have they had you here? What the hell is going on?” Tony says and he catches sight of the chains, the thick ugly manacles, around Steve’s wrists and his ankles. There’s something draped over him, a scaffold to hold him down. Tony isn’t sure, he can’t discern the details in the low lighting.
Tony releases a breath and shivers against Steve who encompasses him in his big arms. Steve shushes him when he tries to explain his fear. “I thought-.”
The omega only eyes him with keen eyes that are a startling blue under long lashes. Without the thready beard and chopped hair, he looks better. Even his wounds seem more faded and less pronounced across his face and torso.
“There hasn’t be a proper kiss. So, I’m not really sure.” He looks at the kitchen. “Why don’t we have fries. I need fries.”
“Still not understanding anything that you’re saying. He’s different. He’s not a vampire. What?” Steve asked, and the confused anger boiled to the top again. He wasn’t healthy enough to keep it in check. Stoicism was easier when he wasn’t weak. The thing inside of him, eating away at his resolve, at his strength roiled and turned as if it wanted to transform Steve – as if he was under attack from inside. He shivered at the fear of it – of himself. “What the hell are you talking about? Am I in some other reality? Some other dimension?”
“What am I?” Steve whispered and the fear welled up until it flooded him, drowning him with the truth. Whatever gathered inside of him, whatever supernatural power or demon – it was there. Steve knew it. Maybe the serum fought it, maybe that was why he felt so weak and debilitated. He wanted to ignore everything, even as his body shook with shock.
Tony considers making fun of the guy for his birthday, but then again, he’s the one that asked Steve to come in on a holiday
“Tablet? Phone?” Steve gulps a little at the air like he can’t breathe. No one would normally hear the little spasm, but Tony does.
Steve tears away from the intensity of Tony’s expression and he stands up, walking to the rail of the porch and leaning against it, gripping it. “Maybe you and I have a different view on life.”
Steve looked at Tony, his arms clamped around his body in a self-hug. Tony thought he’d never seen Steve so unsure. The soul bonds mourned and shuddered, quaking like a troubled flower in the wake of a storm. “Okay.”
Steve braces himself against the door frame, closes his eyes, and nods. “I’ll be there in a minute.”
They stay silent in the face of his anger, his confusion, his failure. “For years. For years. I did his bidding. He controlled my very soul and he poisoned who I am.”
“Hank Pym and Janet Van Dyne, my wife and my partner in all things scientific.” He stands to stretch out his hand to greet Steve.
“That alone makes you important. How would we get along without a leader? What would happen to the pack if we lost you?” Sam asked, his expression deadly serious. “Do you even know? The loss of any pack member can send us all to hell and back, but the leader – it scatters us. You get that, right? You understand that?”
“How about you sit down back in the living room, and I get you a compress?” Steve says. “Warm compresses always helped my Ma when she had migraines.”
“Here,” Steve said. “Let me help you with that.” He reached over and retrieved the tie Tony mutilated in his hand. He pressed it with his fingers, trying to get out the wrinkles. Slipping it around Tony’s neck he started to tie the knot. “Maybe afterward we can go for a stroll. It’ll be dark by then. You’ll feel more rested, more like yourself.”
“Right, right,” Steve says and he’s not likely to feed the needs of a spoiled little rich boy. “You can get right back on your horse, get back to the train station or whatever you road into town, and skedaddle. Thank you very much.”
He cannot enter the Boundaries though he tries, repeatedly. He tried then, when the men had him, when the men tried to figure out if he was an angel or a demon. As a higher being, it is forbidden for Steve to confess, or to take sides. He’s only supposed to follow orders, supposed to handle the people in need of Guardians, or Guides.
Her face twists slightly and she shakes her head. “There are worst places to be than the Soul Stone Realm, Steve. You want to live again, don’t you?” She pats his shoulder. At that moment he knows he has a lot to learn. She leaves him going to the hearth to ladle out the soup.
A lot of unwanted porn sites come up, but then he finds the medical site he is looking for and clicks on it.
“Just touching you? Like this?” Steve whispered and stroked his hand down the sun burst around Tony’s arc reactor scar.
He reached out and touched Steve’s hand just to see – just to find out if something would happen. Steve lay still like the grave and that thought drilled a hole wide and gaping in Tony’s chest. What if Steve had succumbed to his wounds and died? What if Tony bonded only never to feel and know the potency of the bond, never to know Steve at all? It ached more than the pain of the arc reactor ever did. But the touch, the touch only whispered something that Tony found hard to comprehend, so he closed his eyes and listened.
“I don’t know why. You’ve seen me at my worst,” Steve says and stalks off to the bathroom. He slams the door behind him and then sits on the closed toilet. His hands tremble and his eyes burn. The tremors and the visual disturbances are as bad as they were when he first entered the Ultron’s mind. A coldness racks his body, and he shivers like he’s tormented with a fever.
He did – for the most part during his imprisonment. Yet, he knows, deep inside, that he failed that test of faith in the system, in the Legion. When they strung him up, and beat him, when they took the sharp knives and sliced away at the growing wings, when they fractured the wings with clubs – he yelled, and screamed, and told them they were all cursed. He blurted out that he was a demon from Hell and their sins would burn them all. They hurt him for that, they threw gasoline on him and set his wings afire. Like a holy mantle they crackled and flared to life. He writhed in agony, cried out so loud and so long for help that he thought the blood vessels in his throat would pulsate and explode from the stress.
“I don’t believe SHIELD doesn’t play nice with Captain America,” Tony said but Pepper walked over to him. She placed herr hand on his that was gripping the bar of the railing white knuckled.
“Tony? We need to start the procedure. Now,” Cho insists and then places a hand on Steve’s arm. “Please put him in the cradle.”
Tony grips his arms. “You do realize why I kept the secret, right? Barnes did horrific things. I know how much he means to you.”
The guy stops and twists his mouth as if he’s considering a smart remark to answer. The pause must help him reassess the situation, and he walks the few steps to the chairs in front of Tony’s desk. He sits down. “I have my resume, sir.” He lifts the beaten portfolio for Tony to see.
The other scientist leaned down and took forceps to peel away what skin and muscle that clung to the glands. “No, look, we still have the root of the gland in perfect health. It should motivate the corpse.”
Without looking at Tony, Steve tugs his horse toward the range. The trees are empty sentinels and Steve still hates the idea of traveling this late in the season. But if his luck holds out and they can cross the river without incident, then he can get them to Schmidt’s ranch.  Schmidt will be fit to be tied when he sees that Tony brought Steve along – but there will be nothing for it. He’ll allow Steve on his ranch, if only to share bedding down in the cowpunchers’ house while Tony is entertained at the main house. Tony sidles his horse up to Steve’s a brilliant smirk on his face
Steve wasn’t sure if he passed out from whatever the young woman had done or if the flight caused some loss of time, but the next thing he knew Iron Man stood over him and he was lying in a large bed. He jerked up and looked around, confused.
Steve gets up and deliberately walks away, toward the balustrade to look out on the city. “It’s all changed. From the 40s. And from when the Ornari are here. They wiped it off the face of the map, you know. New York was crushed, because of us. Gone.”
Shaking her head, Natasha only says, “You think I run a saloon and I haven’t see what you got, Cap?”
He only nodded and swallowed down his disappointment. Steve sighed again and climbed to his feet. "Hey."  He scribbled something on the corner of a page in a sketch pad. "No calls. Text only. Not often."
Tony nods. “It is.” Steve had given him a loaf of his own to eat. He takes the end off and splits it, letting the heat warm his hands. “She didn’t have a happy life. My dad was a shit to her. But when she got older, she took the bull by the horns and forced Howard to behave. It was better, for her, then. At least he wasn’t looking for you anymore.”
Obie stands up straight, tugs at his jacket and nods. “Of course, more than humans. But all the factions.”
“You know, the damned soul pack thing. I think we should just all – you know – get selected, touched – which is kind of pervy in a way – but it seems like the right thing to do, right?” Tony said and smiled. Except it didn’t feel like a smile, it felt like it was some kind of judgement. It crawled over Steve’s skin like worms. How did he learn to smile like that?
The shadows covered them like a black fog and the chill settled in his bones as he hit the button. Natasha said, “Not down. Up.”
It took no time at all to get to the penthouse. It felt like forever. The doors opened, and Tony staggered out like he suffered from the side effects of the paralytic that Stane once injected him with. His skin felt clammy. His hands shook. He stumbled across the floor, trying to get to the bedroom. His body rebelled, and he pitched over falling into the conversation area near the fireplace. Grabbing hold of the white couch that he’d picked out with Pepper over a year ago, Tony managed to climb up onto the couch. His body went limp. He tried to call out to JARVIS, to say something, but his words muffled in his throat. JARVIS didn’t query him. He stared up at the far away ceiling and realized Steve was so far away, too far. He shouldn’t have left, he should be at his Beloved’s side. Maybe Steve was dying, and this was what it felt like when the bond wilted and died along with him.
As Steve made his way back down the aisle and to their pew, Sam stood up and grasped his hand, bringing him to sit between Tony and Sam. Steve sat and his expression collapsed. Sam kept a hold on Steve’s hand and Tony clasped the other one. He’d never really tried to do anything major with the bond, but Tony closed his eyes and sank deep into thrumming that felt like it existed far away. Yet as he allowed it to consume him it grew in intensity and depth. He felt the different waves as if a variety of instruments played their own melodies around him. It shouldn’t be difficult. Music was the expression of mathematics in a way. Souls must be the same thing. He reached inside as if he stood in the middle of his laboratory with JARVIS’ holographic displays around him. He saw and listened to each song, and then identified them as he assessed the music. The deep sonorous sounds came from Bruce, and mirroring that the song of Natasha not unlike that of a cello. He touched them and they stopped, almost surprised but then welcomed his invitation and accepted it. He wove them together as he tilted toward the next sounds – those of Sam whose song reminded him of flight of Beethoven’s 3rd symphony. He used Sam as the anchor and then moved to find Clint’s that pulsed with a beat to keep the rhythm. Finally, he sought his own and what he found there surprised him. Not the beat, not the melody, but something that began to tie them together. And when he connected with Steve’s core, the harmony of their energies synchronized and, sitting next to him, Steve gasped a low intake of air.
“But how could he have possibly been turned to the ‘dark side’?” Tony used air quotes to bracket the last two words.
The Carbonellis – Tony knew them well. Very well. They had once been a small but influential family with regional ties on the fringes of the Council. In order to try and attain a stronger position within the Council of Worlds, the Carbonelli family offered fostering in their ranks so that children and adolescents could learn a little of their trade and the regional areas. The Lord – A’Danyel Carbonelli, also known as Dany, went to war with his warrior omega at his side during the Uprising. Everyone knew the story. The Viz gobbled it up like candy. Every single Carbonelli died in the Uprising and the Lord ended up lost in the last great battle against the omega rebels. The Council’s forces won but at great cost. The remaining omega rebels scattered to the Purge, leaving ruin in their wake. From that moment on, omegas were stripped of their remaining rights.
Steve should be able to escape, but in the confined space he needs to get around Rumlow. A shift kick to the balls is his only chance. He tries for it, but Rumlow brings the bully stick down hard onto Steve’s calf. The pain shoots through him like a flaming arrow. He drops down, his skin on fire.
Both men are in the adjoining workshop with Stane’s loud booming voice pitching through the room like a tuba in an echo chamber. He’s angry and frustrated with the prince. The way he treats Tony – like an obstinate child – irks Steve.
Steve touches his face. “Once the light of knowledge is revealed your eyes turn the color of the realm.”
Steve clamors to his knees and wipes at his nose with this arm. It throbs and he hisses but shuffles over to Tony. “I don’t see how you can possibly fight in a suit of armor you can’t even get up in if you get knocked over.” Steve tucks his hand under Tony’s arm.
“Clint?” That’s Steve calling from across the hall.  He’s back at the door in seconds and glowering at the guy. “Clint, go rest. I’ll come by later with the meds and the groceries.”
Tony wanted to say love, but embarrassment at his corniness won over and he shrugged. “Don’t know. Maybe because we’re relaxed.”
Jarvis glowers at him but passes the creamer over to him. “Of course.” He doesn’t serve Steve. Which is okay with him, he just wants the man not to look at him with such livid hostility.
“Simple, the SHIELD files, the ones you and Nat dropped onto the internet? Well, I had that and some of the bugged stuff I found – all of it JARVIS saved, sorted, analyzed. JARVIS, my man, would have put it in the correct dossier. And since Fury knew about the farm-.”
Bruce waits only for a few moments more and when Steve cannot come up with an adequate rejoinder, he says, “You’ll find me upstairs.”
“It’s over with Tony,” he answers and every syllable hurts. “It’s been over for a while, since the gland thing.” He doesn’t want to speak of it. He wants to leave and leave now.
Steve startles. “How the hell-.” He gulps in the last of the sentence, not wanting to be rude. “Sorry, sorry, Mister Stark.” His heart’s in his throat and he swallows a few times.
“Cake? You have cake for the Fourth?” Tony furrows his brows and fiddles with the papers on his desk, the documents that Steve has to sign. “Strange tradition. Most people have hot dogs, apple pie, and fireworks on Independence Day.”
He’s not sure that Steve can stand considering the shape of his feet. They look like someone placed hot irons on the soles of his feet repeatedly – and recently. Bucky is going to have to carry him and that means little to no defensive weapons. Bucky shakes his head; he’s not going to let that stop him, nothing is going to stop him. He’s going to get Steve free from this place and they’re going to break the sound barrier running to freedom.
“They liked him then! Right?” Tony said with bated excitement. Surely the people would know what a hero dear old Blu the lion was then.
“I gotta make a phone call,” Clint said and ignored Steve’s worried glance at Bruce.  Clint hopped off of the gurney and immediately wavered on his feet. Bruce held him up so he wouldn’t fall over. “What is all that crazy ass noise in my head?”
“So all this spunk you were spreading around got you into trouble?” Tony asked with a cocked eyebrow as he sipped the wine.
“There’s no such thing as magic, just science we don’t understand,” he says in rote. “Something, some elemental force held you, changed you, and now you’re back.”
Something vibrated through the bond and Tony immediately recognized that it was nervousness and that it came from Clint. It wired him with tension.  Tony frowned. They were missing something about this farm. “You sure you want to do this?”
“And this Stark person you seem to be spending time with?” Sam asks and while his tone is light, his expression stays wary.
“Lord,” the man says. His uniform designates that he’s contracted to the Elders, and so are all of his heirs and thus beholden to the Elders for his safety.
“Sure am.” He squeezes Steve’s arm. “Can’t wait to see them pecs!” He giggles. “Pepper would kill me. I’m harassing you.”
Tony agreed, because what else could he do? The urge to rush into Steve’s triage bay and throttle him – asking him what the hell was going on – surged but Tony quelled it. He needed to think outside his own needs. He saw Steve’s condition; he cradled Steve in his arms. What he experienced between that moment and this felt like a lifetime. His emotions splayed out and fragmented. He didn’t even have time to grapple with what had happened.
“Most of the time,” Tony said. “I learned much of what I know today as an alpha from him. If the man wasn’t so obstinate and arrogant I would have a place in my house for him. He’s even the one who encouraged me to find out what it really meant to be an alpha on the loose.”
“Didn’t think you were staying, thought you’d be over at Stark’s again tonight.” Darcy says and then turns to Sam. “You want the chili or the steak. I got some flank that’s been marinating for the last few days.”
Tony stifles a moan and bites at his lip before he’s able to say, “Don’t know, you just looked that way when they dragged you in here.”
“I’ll get it when I’m sure the rest of the family is asleep. Do we even sleep here?” This place gives him a headache, even with the serum.
The blizzard outside choses then to rock the downed Quin Jet. Icy waters seep into the cracks around them. Tony grips the sides of the fuselage while Steve steadies the burner and the soup. The gusts die down and then Tony crumples, sighing.
“This isn’t helping.” He buries his head in his folded arms. Maybe he should just go outside and let the cold eat away at his flesh. Let the blizzard winds take him.
“If you don’t do this, then you know that you will pay as well as the rest of the pack.” Thor stood up. “The pack is your family, Steven. Believe me when I say to you if you do not tend your family, your brother, you will pay and so will all of them. Including Tony.” He gave a tight smile. “I consider you my greatest friend on Midgard. I am honored to be your Guide. Please take heed of my words.” He offered his hand to Steve and his grip was firm but tender. “I bid you peace, my friend and leader.”
Steve rubs at his cheek but that just makes his nose pound like someone stabs him repeatedly in the face. “The serum will take care of it. I need to straighten it, but otherwise it’ll be fine. We need to find some place.” His voice rasps; he spits out some blood, then looks up and stops. “What’s that?”  He’s no longer looking down at the stain in the snow, but farther out to the horizon.
“Son of a -.” Steve said as he climbed up the hill toward the meadow only to be confronted by another six Legion robots. One raised its palm to shoot but Steve rammed it with the shield and then pitched himself to roll back down the hill. “Iron Man, I need your help.”
“You need to stay put, soldier. You took a couple of shots that still need mending,” Sam said. The pressure on Steve’s uninjured shoulder forced him to remain in the bed. He met Sam’s concerned gaze and tried not to react, but his body betrayed him and shuddered against the pain. The heart monitor beeped away but it couldn’t mute the noises rising from the soul bonds. “It was him, wasn’t it?”
Steve glances at the clock. It’s a little after 2 pm in the afternoon. “We could probably have the roast chicken. We still have enough time for that.”  He goes to the refrigerator and pulls out a large whole chicken from the lowest shelf. “I brought three, but I think we’ll just need the one.” He puts it in the sink. “But I still think I’ll need something for lunch since this probably won’t be done until around 5:30 or so. Do you want to make something for lunch?”
“Yeah, a new light,” Tony said as he finished cleaning the sink. He turned off the water. “You could say it that way. A new light shone, and I suddenly got it.”
A trio of black SUVs arrive on the tarmac. Steve rolls his eyes at the cliché. They’ll take him into custody and grill him for information. What? Steve almost chuckles. He doesn’t know a whole helluva lot. But this is Ross’ game and Steve’s become a dancing monkey again. Steve glances at Tony, wondering if he’s not a dancing monkey anymore but a marionette with Tony as the puppeteer. Steve frowns. He never thought so negatively of Tony in all his days, not when they were fighting, not even during their battle in Siberia. But the rage had overtaken him then and he must come clean with himself. The warrior rage nearly sacrificed his life and Tony’s to a primal nature inside himself.
“Happiness. Love,” Steve says, and he doesn’t mean to, he never means to and maybe that’s his problem. He has a control issue. He stares pointedly at Tony, his hand comes up and touches his cheek, cradles his jaw. “Maybe it wasn’t mine to find.”
“Can’t you please listen to Peggy? She’s moved on without him. Why can’t you?” Maria asked one night in the middle of dinner. Howard had just announced he would be taking an expedition to the Arctic Ocean again.
He started to shoulder his way through but the force of the crowd overwhelmed him. A hand landed on his shoulder and a loud voice announced, “Avengers business, coming through. Coming through.”
Gritting his teeth and taking in a full breath, Steve swung up to break the chains just as the prison door behind him creaked open. He halted his attempt, staring instead at the darkness surrounding him. It had to be Ross or Pierce. Did Fury even know he was locked down here? Was Fury complacent in their crimes? The footfalls sounded like boots and not dress shoes. He cringed. It must be Fury or Rumlow. If it was Fury, then Steve would blame himself for falling, all those years ago, for the Director’s sales pitch. Steve had a tendency to believe in the best of people, and that, with perseverance and dedication, he could win over anyone to his side. Yet the footfalls were familiar, too familiar.
“Well, a certain director who is very clearly dead and does not communicate from the grave asked me to escort you to where ever, since Hydra cells are still out to get you,” Clint said and glanced around Steve’s apartment. “You did get th-.”
The interface’s smooth glass like surface glitters and then the doors to the left of it open. “Good luck, Lord.”
Without breaking his stoic expression, Steve replies, “Oh I’m not trying to land him, I’m just using him for sex.” He escapes and doesn’t look back at their faces. He sidles back to the viewing window and peers over the edge.
She smiles and reminds Tony of a little pixie. “No, sir. I’m sorry there’s been no change at all.” She offers him another smile which should comfort Tony but only makes him all the more nervous.
“You won’t lose your memories,” Tony says. “They will always be your memories. When this was done a fork was placed in the road and a new branched reality appeared.”
“Happy’s finishing them now. I expect that Captain Rogers will come up clean. Except for his tendency in his elementary and middle school days to get into fights, he has a good record. Notable awards and medals in the army.” Pepper sends that information to his eyeglasses as well.
“Maybe,” Natasha picked up her fries but left the rest of the burger. “You want?” He only raised an eyebrow. “Of course you do. Does your whole salary go for food?” She stood up, readying to leave.
Tony leaves him; he needs to because something is unsettling about the omega. As he exits the presentation suite, he turns and locks it. It isn’t like the omega can escape but he wants some privacy. He goes to his private bath and then gets into the shower to wash again. As he does he queries Penny.
Tony went to the toolbox where he’d thrown the thumb drive. He picked it up and brought it over to the table. “Do you want it back?” Half of him didn’t want Coulson to take the drive. Allowing Coulson to take it would mean that Steve was lost to him forever.
A voice distant but close says to him. “Hey, quiet. I found someone to help you. I think she might be a voodoo doctor or something, I’m not sure. But considering the situation I don’t know what else to do.”
“So, when do you think the compound will finish all this work,” Steve says and points to the raw structure of the hallways.
Steve needs to talk to him. He acted funny after the big reveal in the movie and now he needs to talk to Tony. How it matches up, Tony hasn’t a clue. Of course, there’s the secret Tony’s kept locked up and stored away, not wanting to share with Steve. He’d thought of several ways to break it to him, but none seemed right. To complicate matters, Tony’s feelings – growing and developing which he’s tried to deny – keeping popping up and getting in the way.
Bruce ran his hands through his hair and then grumbled, “You gotta give me something. Nat will kill me.”
“Come on, I know you won’t sit still in there, so come along,” Bucky says and slips his shoulder with the missing arm underneath Steve’s uninjured shoulder. “You know, I need you to keep both arms.  The two of us can’t make it with just two arms and two hands.”
He had no answers. There was nothing to figure out. Nothing at all. He refused to turn around, to face his friends, his team, his pack. He needed space, so he raced away. When he turned the corner and out of their sights, Tony took to running to the elevators avoiding the medical staff and anyone who noticed him or called out to him. Getting to the elevators, he didn’t have to wait for one. JARVIS must have been monitoring his movements and the lift opened immediately as he approached. He entered, and the car closed without hesitation.
“Oh don’t worry about that, we have you covered. I have a tutor coming in this weekend to give you a crash course.”  Tony waits for Steve to react but there’s only steady breathing. “You’re not surprised.”
Steve gawks at her. The idea of attending such functions blows his mind. His lack of experience will be on display – not his sexual lack of experience but his knowledge of polite society. “How do I?” He swallows and fists his hands. This is not going to go well.
He resolved to try and be a different alpha – at least give some freedom to his omega. Let him grow and thrive. Estane had always schooled him with the idea that omegas needed to be put in their place, taught a lesson or two – otherwise the Worlds would go to ruin. Look what happened when betas ruled everything.
Tony digs into his fruit, ignoring the egg sandwich. “Jarvis wants me to come out to the world. No, thank you. I already saw what happened when I came out as gay to the world. My stocks dropped and a bunch of companies stopped buying my merchandise. Which – yeah go fuck yourself – but that was a hard hit to take.”
“But you said there’s a way? Did they figure out something I can take?” Steve says it in his best take charge voice, like he’s ready and willing to go to battle.
“I don’t know. The universe?” Steve waved around his head. “Magic. Whatever?” He cringed. “I’m not sure. It wasn’t me. If I could have fought it off, I would have. I promise you that.”
Sawyer’s gaze dashed around the room, not landing on Tony. Rumlow took charge of the situation. “Sir, yes o4 is a man or was.”
“Sorry, but there’s a lot to be done now. Peggy – she’s a close friend of mine – and her brother Michael work every damned day trying to feed the kids and the families. The guardsman compound closed down when the war came through – leaving no source of income, no food, no nothing. Brooklyn doesn’t grow enough or can’t grow enough to feed itself. The war is starvin’ everyone to death.” Steve bites back his words. He bows his head. “I’m sorry, my prince, I didn’t mean to speak out of turn.”
“That’s not possible. I’ve seen the tanks and equipment needed for their experiments, as well as the machinery needed for Zola,” Tony said, shaking his head, “There’s got to be another way in. If it's as expansive as we’re thinking, it's possible that it could stretch for miles. We need to check with the locals, see if they know anything. I’d say send Steve as a pun on his ex-job as Nomad, but it’d probably be best if we went stealth. Vis and Nat are our best bets, Clint, you cover. Maybe take Sam with you.”
“We took down a few guys and got out of there. And then I got to have nice Captain America lectures the entire ride home,” he summarized, “And he left. He helped me down here and is just…gone. I think PJ screaming freaked him out. Plus, super soldier hearing, and all that.”
Somewhere deep in his chest, the bond flared to life, torching his insides with jealousy. He gasped and nearly fell over from the sheer force of the emotions, flailing an arm out to steady himself on the wall. Even Peter caught the wave and woke up with tiny pained cries. Tony immediately pushed through the heat and tucked his nose into Peter’s cheek, hushing the babe while calming himself with the baby’s scent. If Steve felt guilty, it was drowned out amongst the other emotions saturating the bond.
“He is right, Steve. This is not about you and Tony anymore. There is more at stake here than a ritual,” Natasha said, “You have to think further ahead than Howard. Imagine if you did knock Tony up and then his father, who despises you, captured him. What do you think would happen?”
The Warlord began to speak, his voice deep and rich as it flowed through his native tongue. Tony shook his head and fumbled for an attempt to explain himself, completely taken aback by the man.
“I got this. You sit and figure out how the hell you’re going to tell Tony that you got shot but that you pulled the bullets out of yourself with dirty gloves in the middle of the battle,” he said, moving over to help Clint into the jet with Bucky, laying the archer down on the opposite bench.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve repeated with a smile, showing his hands again then jogging off toward what Tony assumed was the kitchen.
“What? You didn’t think J would get him Cap pajamas, did you?” He teased, helping PJ up onto the bed.
“Easy, little rabbit,” Steve said quietly as he put a hand on Tony’s back to comfort him, “I would not want to take you into war now anyway; first because you are Peter’s only parent, and second because I want to train you for battle myself. It will take time for you to learn, and in the meantime, Peter will grow old enough for us to consider an assault on Ma’atan.”
“Oh. That was easier than I thought,” Tony said blankly, ignoring Natasha’s snicker, “What? I literally have
“I don’t want Captain Cranky coming after me,” Scott teased, high-fiving Clint as he sat down next to him instead.
“—that, now, can you sit? This is going to be a little tricky since you have long hair,” he explained.
“Tell me,” Steve said, “Please? I—I want to know it all. I want to know what happened. Why you were in that suit, why you—why you
“M’Clint,” he introduced himself, pushing the box toward Tony, “Dat’s Tasha. I’m buildin’ a tower for her dollies.”
However, Steve did not find sleep as easily as his companion. The instant Tony had pulled him into bed he had been on high alert, heart pounding with nervous energy. Tony had not seemed to notice it, and Steve could not fault him: he could smell the exhaustion on the Omega. It would have been unlikely for Tony to see that he was flushed and choked up from their proximity in their nudity, but he was
“Sorry,” Tony said around a mouthful, swallowing sheepishly, “I have not had any cuisine quite like this before. Howard always had bland food in the castle due to his indigestion. The only flavor profile he liked was sweet, so we had a lot of desserts and breads.”
Steve closed his eyes and breathed in and out of his nose, quelling nausea that made his stomach curdle. He really,
“The leather is tanned and layered for mobility and strength, then overlaid with steel plates for extra protection,” Bruce explained, “Each set is custom-made to a person’s dimensions to make sure we do not have any waste materials.”
Tony tried to protest, but once Steve’s arms were under him, he felt himself involuntarily relaxing. Once he was shifted over, Steve picked PJ up again and settled them both next to Tony, then added the elephant to the family pile. Despite the size of the bed in relativity to the two men-plus-child-plus-elephant, Tony found himself being comfortable, with Steve’s shoulder pressed up tight to his own.
Tony laughed when the door shut in his face, unable to be mad when he knew just how fussy the baby could be. He kissed Peter’s cheeks and brushed away his tears, cooing when the baby started to hiccup from his cries.
So, when Steve and Clint did not say anything about the child-experiment he was holding, Tony nearly blew a fuse.
He really should have realized it sooner, but he supposed that in adjusting to the new century, Steve hadn’t really taken the time to recognize Tony’s ‘help’ as advances. He honestly thought the engineer was just being
“There you go, nice and easy,” Steve murmured, attempting to ignore his own need pressed up against Tony’s back.
He repeated himself to Steve, then bowed before leaving the two men. Steve turned to Tony and gestured toward the door, only to flinch as if he had remembered something. He quickly untied his cloak and tossed it onto his bed, then hefted a shield up onto his back from seemingly out of nowhere. Tony paled slightly, as horror stories of the Prime Alpha and his shield filtered into his head. Steve did not notice, or he did not let his acknowledgment show, for he merely took up his gesturing position again, waiting for Tony to walk out first.
“Tall? Pretty freckles? Yeah, Pep’s a dream girl. You’d like her,” Tony said, wanting desperately to look but not wanting to see Steve, “She’s…feisty. Pepper Potts.”
“Oh god, its so good to hear your voice,” He finally panted, “How are you? Are you hurt? Nat said you got banged up bad, but not the worst—”
He let it go for the moment and proceeded with washing Steve, careful of his still-battered body. Of course, his hands were batted at when he tried to go below Steve’s waist, at which he slapped the soap into the man’s hand and clumsily got up out of the bath.
“Hey kid, I’m going to need you to hold onto me, okay?” Tony asked PJ, giving him a serious look, “If we’re going to get out of this one, we gotta keep the touch for a while. Can you do that?”
Steve knew a dismissal when he saw one, and he was still worried about Tony, but he knew he needed time, so he pressed another kiss to Tony’s cheek and gently squeezed his bicep.
of his friends over. They had always been fussy about it before since their house was fairly ornate and they didn’t want things broken, but Tony had been begging them for
“No! No, I, ah--I just want to relax and not scent of sex first thing in the morning,” Tony said, figuring a half-truth would better than telling Steve just how scared he was, “Laying together is good, though. I...I would like that, I think.”
“I know how we’re going to make them see like unromantic fools,” he said darkly, cackling to himself as he rubbed his hands together, “Oh, we’re going to give them a run for their money—”
Steve moved his hand to squeeze Tony’s hip and smiled, leaning down to kiss Peter’s cheek before leading them outside. The cavalry had already gathered in the square outside of the castle, where Lieutenant Barnes was tending to a horse with no rider. Those gathered turned once Tony and Steve stepped out into the sunlight, and Barnes held out the reins for Steve to take as he easily hefted himself up onto his steed. Steve spoke to someone on his left and held out his hand, taking hold of his shield when it was handed to him and placed it on his back. Tony blinked and took in the image of the Prime Alpha on horseback, bathed in sunlight as the wind blew through the few strands of hair that had come loose from his braid. God, he was
That thing which he still hasn’t told Tony about. That huge secret that Steve had been hiding and instead covered up because Bucky had told Tony they’d beefed up at boot camp. Technically, it was true, but Tony had just been in the hospital, and he hadn’t been sure how Tony would have taken the news. Past that, there was always another reason to delay it, especially when he was busy in the field, taking more bullets than humanly possible and still coming out on the other side.
Steve’s eyes went wide and the other men burst into raucous laughter, having to hold onto each other to keep from falling over. Tony watched as Steve’s cheeks grew rosy, so he closed the gap between them, placing a gentle hand on his shoulder.
“I can easily design and build some weaponry that would only take one or two men to operate,” Tony answered, thinking about the hot oil machine, “It depends on the resources available to me. I am most proficient in handheld weapons, like crossbows, but defensive mechanisms are not difficult. If you can tell me what your most common opponents wear and wield, I can curate designs to properly counter each one.”
Tony stopped him with a wave of his hand and untied his sash while he turned around, removing his shirt one-handed and letting both articles drop to the ground. Startled gasps ricocheted around the room, sinking into the stones like rainwater. Ugly scars interwove all up his back, an unforgiving patchwork of uncommitted sins punished in the heat of a drunken stupor. He had often joked that he was a blind man’s map, but when surrounded by the stench of disgusted Alphas, all Tony could do was hold Peter as close as he could. Spotting the bundle, one of the Alphas began to yell and all the lesser Alphas unsheathed their swords, but Thor was quick to intervene, barking back at them and shielding Tony with his body.
The boy Bucky had been playing with earlier looked up from trying to fit barbie clothes onto his triceratops, quickly getting to his feet and running over.
Peter stuck his hand in his mouth as an answer, causing Tony to huff with laughter and kiss the babe’s head. He looked over to catch the Prime staring, smirking when Steve blushed and shoveled in the rest of his breakfast.
He stumbled out of the room, and Tony looked up at his Mother standing there, watching as she silently trailed after his Father. It took all of five seconds before hell broke loose.
“For a big man, he is quite light-footed, no?” The eldest woman said, smiling at Tony’s shock, “Not all of us are native Northerners, dear. Some are Southerners and others can speak the language.”
Not wanting to accidentally wake Steve with his prodding, Tony opened his eyes and finished his bath, silently screaming in his head as he climbed out and slid his underwear back on. His limp would no doubt be noticeable, and
Tony closed his eyes and nodded as he sank into the warmth of their bond. It did not take long for him to become drowsy again. Steve stood and picked him up to take him to bed; he was limp in his bondmate’s arms, too worn out from his own thoughts to make a fuss about being carried. Instead, he snuggled into Steve’s body and let out a small mewl of protest when he was inevitably put down on their bed.
Tony nodded, moving over to take Steve’s hand, pulling him up from the bed so he could pull the sheets down, only to push him back onto the bed. Steve didn’t protest, so he took that as a win, carefully settling himself down onto his side of the bed. Moving his ribs made him hiss slightly, as the numbing medication was starting to wear off, but Steve immediately curled up to his side, and the weight of his arm over his stomach distracted from the pain in his side.
Picking up a piece for himself, Tony popped it into his mouth with a hum, genuinely considering moaning from how
“Are you alright?” He said, “Do you need me to get Barnes or Natasha? You are wound tighter than Clint’s best bow. I am afraid you might snap at any second.”
“We’re already in suits,” Steve continued on, reaching into the bag to rifle for his jeans, “And, because I’m always prepared—”
Steve visibly stiffened. “What?” “Beg me to fuck you. I know you like to be humiliated. You said it yourself; you’re a fuck toy. Why shouldn’t you beg to get my dick?” Tony loved watching a slight blush creep onto the other man’s face.
The billionaire grinned in satisfaction. He drew his fingers out of the soldier. “On your back, Rogers.” Steve hesitated for a moment but did as he was told. His back squished against the thick cum, it was still warm. Lying in a bed full of his own juice was filthy and he liked it.
Steve’s eyes opened wide, the sound snapped him out of his sex fueled trance and he pulled Tony off him. Tony coughed, drool and cum dripped from his mouth and onto the floor. “Sorry!” Steve quickly knelt beside Tony who continued to hack up a lung. “Are you ok?” the soldier asked, his voice high with worry.
“Oh I’m sure he can stretch just fine. I’m certain he doesn’t even need to stretch before a workout.” Bruce went on, not understanding what Tony meant. Tony chuckled. “I’ll just tell you then… Steve and I,” Tony paused and stared right at Bruce who was leaned over, giving the other man his full attention.
Thanks to the serum, with that perfect body of his, Steve could go on for hours. That was a secret he and his men were going to take with them to the grave. Steve was never open about his sexual prowess, in the army he mostly did it to keep the men a little stress free... In the beginning. Servicing the men was something Steve grew to love, then to looked forward to it, then to craved it. No one spoke of it outside of the Captain’s tent.
“Leeeeet’s wash you off first, Rogers,” Tony strode to the bed and took Steve’s hand to help him to his feet. “We’ll be right back, I’m just gonna help Steve wash off.” Tony winked at Bruce as he headed to the bathroom with a jizz covered Steve in tow.
Steve removed his pants first, sighing with relief when his big cock was out of it’s confines. He was already fully hard from the anticipation. With shaky hands he unbuttoned his shirt and removed his tank top underneath revealing a sort of bra. It dug into his skin from the fullness of his chest. It stung and was uncomfortable, but the sight of something that was now three sizes too small made his cock drip with copious amount of precum.
Steve’s body was absolutely covered in his own spunk and he would probably release enough to drown himself in by the time this was over.
I hope you all enjoy this one!! There won't be as much talking in the next chapters, but it had to be done. Enjoy!! :>
It was a command and that was it. Steve’s mouth opened wide in a quiet scream as he came. He covered his chest and abs with shot after shot, his hand still keeping that steady pace. It wasn’t as explosive as other orgasms Steve has had, but there was a lot of cum and he just kept cumming.
“Ahhhh ahhhhhh ahhh-“ Steve gasped still cumming, his hand still ghosting over the skin. “Beautiful, isn’t he Bruce?” Tony now stood beside Bruce. They stared down at Steve and he looked back at them and gave a smile, his orgasm still showing no sign of stopping.
“I suppose you planned that?” Bruce still stood where he first walked in, his arms folded across his chest, glaring at Tony. The billionaire nodded in affirmation. “Of course I did. I knew you needed to see Steve’s true self right off the bat. Just as I told you, sex crazed and ready for more.”
Bruce sat back and watched as Steve’s body writhed and arched as he came all over himself. All the while Steve’s eyes never left Bruce. Just seeing the other man there, knowing that his command is what made him spill over the edge added to the intensity and longevity of the orgasm.
“They fucked my tits,” Steve’s hand traveled up to his perfect chest and pinched a nipple, hard. “Ahhhh!” Steve cried out and cum splattered onto his stomach. He continued to stroke himself while his other hand played with his nipples. “They would push my tits together and fuck them with their dicks.  Mmm so much cum on my face.” Steve’s tongue rolled out of his mouth, slowly licking his sinfully delicious lips. “I would take two cocks in my ass, sometimes three.” Steve’s hand on his dick moved sporadically while his other hand twisted his nipple, eliciting another moan.
Tony and Clint watched in silence, in awe of what they were witnessing. Bruce steadily grew a bit more before he stopped, growling in effort to be in control, all the while fucking the soldier which had to have been a difficult task. Bruce was barely halfway transformed, teetering on the edge of so willing to do this and yet so frightened he'll hurt Steve...
It killed Steve to admit, the fangirls were right. A part of him wondered if they had an operative fangirl at SHIELD to get this information, but it all seemed to be genuine speculation... Which was painfully accurate.
“Tony- do I…” Steve groaned when he ran his thumb over the slit of his dick. “Do you think I look hot?”
Steve moaned when he felt Clint's arms wrap around him, his strong chest pushing against his back. Clint’s hand traveled down to Steve’s painfully hard cock. All he did was run his fingers along the outline of Steve’s clothed erection and Steve was cumming hard. He gave choked sobs as Clint continued rubbing, enjoying how the soldier got weak in the  knees.
Bruce took the second nipple with his other hand and tugged on them both and Steve continued to cum, every muscle in his body taught and straining. “Keep pumping yourself,” Bruce commanded, slapping his chest, making his pecks jiggle. Steve was wildly pumping his cock finally giving himself the much needed friction he desperately needed.
“You’re doing great, Steve-“ Tony began to encourage, moving to caress Steve’s cheek when Hulk gave a rumbling growl deep in his chest, making Tony quickly pull away. The huge beast possessively gripped Steve tighter and pulled him closer, slowly sinking him onto more cock.
“Ahhh…” Steve gave a choked gasp. His eyes rolled back and he came hard, adding to the obscene amount of fluid in his pants. Driven by his need to cum, Steve kept going, riding out his orgasm and started building up to the next. He felt the cum dripping down his legs, making his pants dark from the wetness.
Steve stood there, his breathing heavy, and took the experience in for a moment. This was everything he he wanted and more. He was sure Tony would have gotten tired or quit after his sixth orgasm, but the amazing Iron Man was still ready and waiting for more. “You must be tired,” Steve said, glancing over his shoulder. “You have got to be kidding me, Rogers. Why would I waste an opportunity like this to see how many times you can cum, or that perfect body of yours, or your slutty face when you orgasm? The only way I’ll stop is when you finally go soft or I die from being exposed to the equivalent of the sun… because you’re so hot.” Tony smiled. “Oh ha ha,” Steve rolled his eyes. “Good one, Stark.”
Tony knelt down beside the other man with a grin plastered on his face. “I have got to find a way to clone you.” He remarked. “That was quite possibly the hottest thing I’ve seen tonight.”
Tony slowly drew himself out and pulled up his pants. “You’re a great fuck toy Steve. But now there’s work to do.” Steve huffed in disapproval and reluctantly wiped himself off and pulled up his pants. The rigid outline of his cock was blatantly obvious. “Will I see you later?” Steve asked with hopeful eyes.
“Steve looked surprised. Looks to me like you didn’t tell him I was coming.” Bruce pressed, talking a few steps towards the there man. “I told him you were coming in two hours, not one. A slight discrepancy on my part.” Tony began stripping cum soaked seats off the bed. "After a few minutes with each other, you or Steve won’t even care about this ‘incident’. Trust me.”
Not wanting to be a bother, Steve left, went to the kitchen and made himself some food. He wolfed it down, having worked up a large appetite from his workout and all those orgasms.
“Would you like to see how far we can push something? See how far we can make something reach it’s limits before it collapses?” the billionaire’s eyes narrowed in question. Bruce raised his eyebrows at the idea. “It sounds interesting, what would we be testing? A suit or something?”
Steve licked his lips, his breath rattling from anticipation. “Please. Fuck me with your cock. Make me your bitch.” Steve’s own words made his groan and his length began to leek onto the bed. “Make me scream as you plow me. I want your cum in my greedy ass,” he grasped his cock and began jacking off, moaning in need.  “Make me cum from your cock in my slutty hole. I want to be your cum dump. Please Tony. Fuck me!”
Steve couldn't believe was was happening, all the stimulation he was experiencing. Every nerve in his body was on fire, every movement no matter how tiny sent pleasure shooting through him. The cock finally stopped growing and holy FUCK! Steve felt like he was going to pass out from such intense
Steve’s thick cock and large balls hung heavy between his legs. His cock was dripping cum onto the bed sheets, where a generous amount pooled. Steve needed to orgasm again he couldn’t take it anymore. “Tony!” He lifted his head off the pillow to twist around and look at the other man. Tony spanked him as hard as he could, turning Steve’s right cheek a deep shade of pink. The force of the blow made Steve’s cock jolt resulting in a few shots of semen, but definitely not an orgasm.
“Now…” Clint trailed off, taking in a ragged breath before exhaling. “Suck me off,” his eyes never left the soldier’s. "Tony said you were a pro.”
The soldier gave a high pitched cry as Tony slowly took his aching cock deeper into his mouth. He applied some suction and drew up and Steve threw his head against the wall, cursing. “Fuck! More Tony. More-“ he choked running his shaking hands through Tony’s wet hair. Tony bared down on Steve’s throbbing cock again, taking in more, inch by torturous inch until he was almost halfway and stopped.
Steve couldn’t process what was happening. It’s been so long since he’s had a dick so deep inside. It feels so good. “Tonyyyy-“ was all he could say. “Your ass is so tight,” Tony gasped plunging inside again and again. Tony knew he wasn’t going to last very long, just looking at Steve in a writhing mess from a dick inside him was enough to make him blow his load.
Steve whined pathetically, his chest heaving from the overstimulation. “Tonyyy…” It was impossible for him to even think of the right words to say. Steve’s mind was blank and felt nothing but Tony’s hand on his stiffening cock.
Steve was pulled out of his thoughts by a sharp tug on his hair. Clint was staring down with a reluctant look on his face. “I told you,” Tony’s voice was hard and commanding. “Put that cum hungry mouth of yours to work and suck Clint dry.”
Steve did as he was told and let his eyes shut. He heard Tony fumbling with something, maybe the genius was finally taking off his pants to fuck him. He felt the bed shift and felt weight on it indicating Tony was on the bed.
“Tony I…” Steve swallowed hard. “This is beyond anything I’ve ever imagined I would do with anyone ever again.” He began to slowly stoke himself. “I thought I was only going to relive my fantasies of the army in my dreams.”
“Then what are you waiting for?” Clint winked. In seconds they were tangled together and practically falling onto the floor as they managed to get the door open. The door was slammed shut behind them and they crashed onto Tony’s bed. Clint attacked Steve’s neck with a fury of biting and sucking making the soldier go wild, mewing and moaning with every touch.
After a beat, Hulk brought Steve back down, burying himself deep inside once more. Steve’s quivering insides made such sloppy sounds as he was slid down onto the huge member, his body opening up for the cock to distend from his gut once more. Oh god- everything sent Steve over the edge, cumming hard once again.
“Mmmmm I feel your cum filling your pants, so wet on my thigh. You’re so big and hard for me.” Tony’s voice was breathy, lustful. “I can feel you throbbing against me when you cum. Fuck your cock is amazing." Tony moved his thigh up to press against Steve’s dick, giving him some much needed friction and pressure. Steve groaned spilling into his pants once more, his hips never slowing down. Steve was breathing fast and hard, with each exhale a small moan escaped from deep inside.
Clint slowly drew him off, enjoying the drag of Steve’s tongue along the underside of his length. Once Clint popped himself out of Steve’s mouth the soldier gasped for air. Thick strands of saliva coated Clint’s dick and ran down Steve’s chin. Before Steve could compose himself Clint shoved back inside and brutally fucked Steve’s throat.
Steve felt relieved as he effortlessly lifted a punching bag. Before he could hang it on the hook, Steve yelped in surprise, dropping the bag on the floor with a loud bang. The dildo was vibrating inside of him!
“It’s ok.” Steve reassured Bruce with a small smile. He laid back on the bed and stretched out showing off every inch of his body. Steve groaned, arching his back up drawing pleasure from the gazes of the two men who now looked at him like a piece of juicy meat.
Steve gasped when he felt a hand grab him by the hair and sharply tug him down onto the bed. It was a naked Tony, of course, being rough, exactly how Steve wanted it. “I’ve been waiting for this all day…” Tony growled as his hands made their way under Steve’s shirt, lifting it up and off that gorgeous body.
Steve couldn’t help but feel a wash of guilt each time he had these thoughts. He wasn't supposed to be prideful but he couldn't stop himself. He sometimes found himself staring into a mirror, admiring his muscles. Steve was never a prideful person, but he can't deny that his body is perfect.
Steve cried out as he came, wave after wave of jizz splattered onto his face and heaving chest. Tony finally got an up close, full view of Steve’s slutty orgasm face. Eyes rolled up, tongue lolling, with a sinful smile. Damn, it was beautiful. The soldier's hips jackhammered up and down in time with the spurts of his spunk.  “Fuck, Steve. Look how much you’re cumming, you must really want that." The super soldier was a writhing mess in Tony’s cradling arms.
“Keep this in all day, understand? I have plans for tonight,” Tony breathed into Steve’s ear as he tugged up the soldier’s shorts before turning on his heel. “Gonna be in the lab with Bruce, see you later!” He said as he walked out.
Tony stroked Steve’s sweatly face affectionately, smiling down at Steve. The soldier’s eyes were closed, so content, so happy. So-
Steve slowly padded over to where the other man sat. His heart began to beat faster. Bruce pat the bed signaling Steve to sit beside him. Steve sat down and opened his mouth the speak. “Bruce I-“ the scientist’s index finger flew to Steve’s mouth, silencing him. “If I’m going to do this, we need to start now before I lose my nerve.” He then cupped Steve’s face brought him into a kiss.
“T-this is cruel, Tony-“ Steve managed to gasp in a low growl. Tony wore a permanent grin watching Steve writhe and orgasm just from humping his thigh. “You don’t seem to have a problem getting off though, Rogers.” “Shut up,” Steve whispered, grinding against Tony despite his words.
Steve loosely wrapped his hand around his cock and slowly pumped his hand along the thick shaft. He wanted so desperately to tighten his grip but he had to obey his orders. He always obeyed.
Tony wiped the cum off of Steve as best he could, who slowly began to recover from his overstimulated sensitivity. “You sure you’re good for one more round?” Tony asked. Steve smiled challengingly. “Of course.”
“Aaahhhhhh…” Steve moaned low in his chest, his eyes shut as he focused on the feeling of how big the dildo was. “Bigger-“ he breathed unconsciously as he came from the need of taking a longer, thicker dildo.
“Steve are you alright?” Clint hurried into the elevator and the doors closed behind him. “Do you need a doctor?" Steve’s breath was shaky, his face flushed.
Steve began to breathe a little heavier now. Tony smiled. This is a kink of the Captain’s, he should have known…
“What a good cock hungry slut you are,” Tony’s voice was shaky, obviously from an orgasm. “See Clint what did I tell you? Steve is the best cum dump.” The praise made Steve smile and cum.
“T-Tony no-” Steve’s voice cracked and he threw his had back in discomfort. “Too- uhhhhhh… sensitive- Ahhhh!” he slumped over into Tony’s arms and continued to groan as his oversensitive dick was stroked. “Cumming like that after being on the edge of orgasm three times must have felt amazing,” Tony purred, running his fingers over Steve’s length tenderly. "You can still cum for me. I know your super soldier body can do it."
“Look at you, coming undone from me spanking your ass.” Smack. “You love this don’t you?” Smack. “You’re nothing but a whore, Steve Rogers.” Smack. “A filthy slut for me to play with.” Smack. “A masochistic-“ Smack. “cock loving-“ Smack “Whore!”
As the cum flow began to subside and Steve’s body became lax once more Tony’s eyes almost teared up from what he saw. Steve’s cock was almost completely soft, the last drops of cum from orgasm slowly oozed from the tip. Steve’s breathing was ragged and uneven, so utterly spent and exhausted.
“Sorry Clint I didn’t know how to say it. I figured you would see it anyway so…” Steve trailed off. Regardless of the embarrassment, just having Clint look at him when he's so hard in his pants made his cock twitch.
Finally the archer broke the silence. “So you’re horny! Don’t sweat it, Cap!” Clint reached out and slapped Steve on the shoulder. “It happens to everyone. Actually, it’s nice to know it happens to you. Not so pure are ya?” he grinned. Clint’s remark was playful but it made Steve’s cock twitch once more. “No,” Steve’s voice was low, shaking from holding himself back. “I’m not pure at all.”
The room stayed silent for a few seconds to make sure everyone was far enough away. “Tony-" Steve broke the silence, his voice high with need. The soldier stood, his blush deepening. Tony’s eyes grew wide, a chuckle escaped his lips. “Look how wet your pants are… don’t tell me you came just from sitting there.” Steve looked at the floor, ashamed. “I couldn’t help it…”
Thank you all for being so patient with me. I wish I was more consistent with my writing. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter! :>
Tony’s head snapped up and looked into the soldier’s eyes. “Of course not!” he scoffed. “I just don’t want you to forget who you belong to.” Tony slowly ran his index finger along the underside of Steve’s thick cock, marveling at it’s length. “You’re mine, Steve. Don’t you forget that.” Tony took Steve in his hand and squeezed hard. “Bruce may have touched you and made you cum,” he drew himself close and hissed into the soldier’s ear. “But I was the one who turned you back into the cock loving slut that you were made to be.”
Steve was a little confused, but he did as he was told. He slowly laid on the bed and Bruce sat on the bed next to him. The blonde slid his hand down his chest and abs till he finally reached his dick. “Wrap your hand around it, but ghost over the skin. Trust me.” Bruce smiled at Steve and he did as he was told.
“What a masochist you are Rogers,” Tony smacked his pecs as hard as he could from his odd position behind Steve. Steve cried out, his entire body seized and jerked forward while thick shots of jizz splattered on the wall. "Mmmm... cum Steve,” Tony pulled at both nipples eliciting another throaty moan. “Cum from me playing with your big tits.”
He lay there for a moment panting in utter bliss. His tits were still so engorged and full. He would need to continue for a few hours before he was even the slightest bit satisfied. He smiled to himself as he took his delicious pecs in his hands once again.
If Steve dialed down his desires he would feel like he was lying to Tony. They might end up having sex again, then what? Does Steve reveal how long he can keep it up the second time? Either way Tony was going to get to know exactly how kinky the soldier was sooner or later.
The soldier made it into the elevator where he sank to his knees and finally gave a long throaty moan, cumming in his shorts, the liquid seeped through the material and onto the floor. The vibrations intensified even more as he orgasmed, forcing his body into overdrive, making Steve cum over and over. The door to the elevator opened up to Steve’s bedroom floor and Steve crawled on his hands and knees to his room, moaning loudly and cumming the whole way, leaving a trail of obscene white.
Steve was ready. Tony knew he could take more faster than the average person. This should be quite the experience. Tony slowly moved his thumb to Steve’s hole and inserted it painfully slow. "Ohhhhh yeeeeessss..." Steve moaned like a whore when his hole swallowed Tony's entire hand. Tony couldn’t believe how fast Steve took his fist, like his ass was built for these things. He thrust his fist in and out a few times, making sure Steve was ok.
Steve whined and placed his hand on top of Tony’s head. “I’ll try,” his voice was breathy, needy. He took in a sharp breath when Tony took the tip into his mouth and gave a high pitched moan when he felt the other man's tongue swirl over the head. Tony groaned, enjoying the taste of the copious amount of precum that flowed out. Steve’s grip on Tony’s hair tightened making the genius give a pained muffled shout. “Sorry!” Steve instantly let go and went to pull away. Tony gripped Steve’s thighs and held him there, signaling that it was ok.
Tony twisted and tugged on both at once making the blonde’s knees buckle. “Ahhhh fuck!” Steve cried, thrusting his chest forward, bowing his gorgeous back. Tony grasped hold of his chest and roughly kneaded it. “Ahhh- Tony!” the man’s voice cracked.
“Clint,” Steve said again, his voice breathy and low. “Clint!” Steve grit his teeth in frustration, making his needs clear by bucking his hips upward, trying to grind against Clint’s thigh.
Steve arched up, cumming at the slightest movement, impatient and greedy. “Come on- fuck meeee!” He whined, sounding so pathetic. "Fill me up- mmmmm~ make me your cock sleeve~”
“You like that?” Tony pulled at all three dildos, sliding them out of Steve’s ass. Without warning he forcefully shoved them back in, making Steve’s hole take all three at their widest girth. Steve howled as he continued to cum, his back bowing upward even further, stripes of white reaching his face and neck.
Steve encased Tony’s cock in his sopping wet mouth, swallowing it in one go. Tony gasped, his hands gripping the edge of the dresser.
Tony gave Steve’s cock a few more strokes before going still once more. “Good, but still not enough.”
Steve bonelessly rolled off the bed. His feet hit the floor and he stood slowly. Cum dripped off his body onto the floor and Tony didn’t even care. “Shower. Now.” he commanded. “Yes sir,” Steve nodded and slowly made his way into the bathroom, cum dripping the whole way.
Steve stepped forward and slowly sank down to sit next to Bruce on the bed. “I’m glad...” he breathed, before leaning in for a kiss. Steve was once again wary of Bruce, not wanting to go too far, easing him into a deeper kiss.
“I want- I- I waaaant-“ Steve’s voice shook and let out a moaning wail as he threw his head back, face flushed crimson.
Steve gave a sharp gasp when he felt the first telltale sign that Bruce was changing. He felt the cock inside him throb and thicken slightly. Bruce grit his teeth in effort and concentration, holding himself back for as long as he could, trying to let Steve get used to him as he grew inside. Steve gasped as the cock grew again, growing thicker than the girth of the dildo he had inside for hours finally filling out his cavernous hole.
Tony placed a hand on Steve’s knee and gently pushed Steve’s legs down so they dangled off the edge of the bed. “Mmm?” the soldier questioned, unable to say anything more at the moment. “Just relax and close your eyes.” Tony instructed.
Tony heard a knock at the door and the billionaire smiled. “Jarvis, let him in.” He didn’t slow down.
Steve stirred as he laid in bed in a deep sleep, a familiar feeling ran through him. It was a slow burn, sending sweet waves of pleasure steadily through his entire body. In his dream he was hard and dripping while being fucked in the ass. As he slept, Steve quietly groaned and gripped the sheets. He moved unconsciously, mimicking the actions from his dream. “Ahhhh-“ Steve groaned loudly as he came from his dream, spilling cum onto the bed. This was the best, most realistic wet dream he has ever had. It almost was as if…
“Tony,” Bruce sighed trying his best to keep a cool composure. “We have to get back to work, this science won’t do itself.”
.” “Rogers I…” Tony began to speak when the soldier drew back, fishing something out of his pocket before hastily stripping out of his pants and shirt. His hard cock sprung free, slapping against his stomach. Tony's eyes almost popped out of his skull. Holy shit! He knew Steve was huge but he wasn't prepared for THAT.
Tony was straddling him, Steve’s cock halfway in his ass. “Tony... Tony!” Steve sounded panicked, his heart began to beat out of his chest. “What?” Tony drew himself up and back down. “You don’t like it?”
Steve collapsed onto the bed, one leg drawn up to his abdomen, the other stuck out straight. His arm was still reaching back, clutching onto the base of the dildo. He slowly fucked himself with it, groaning with each thrust, enjoying the drag of it along his slick insides.
“Yes, but I cannot prove it. And it must be proven to be known,” Frigga states as if any of this makes sense.
