“You might want to start with a paddle. Firm strokes, not too painful, no instant damage to the skin. The affected area might bruise later, though. After that, it depends if you prefer the riding crop or the cane. The cane requires some experience as it can do severe damage, but as you are a medical professional I'm sure you can handle it. Very painful when it breaks the skin. The thinner the cane, the more it hurts. You can also wet it to do even more harm. Be careful where you use it. It might actually cut through tendons. The resulting welts, however, look stunning. Like a work of art if applied correctly.”
“I wanted to be ready and wet for you to just push into me and fuck me.” Sherlock sighs with pleasure as John adds another finger.
Sherlock is sobbing with need by now as John is pulling his hand almost all the way out before pushing his fist deep inside him again. The noises he makes are not human anymore, it's a raw growling, keening and whimpering, but in between he huffs out “Yes” and “Please” and “More” and “Deeper” - and “John. Johnjohnjohn”.
“Relax.” John's other hand briefly rubs the small of Sherlock's back as he tries; he really tries but it still hurts like hell when John pushes the blades inside him. Sherlock presses his lips firmly together – this is just transport, after all – but can't prevent a painful moan from escaping. John relentlessly pushes the device inside him even as Sherlock tries to flinch away. The hand above his buttocks presses down firmly to still Sherlock and keep him in place.
Sherlock had moaned with pleasure as John had finally pushed the shorter end of the dildo gag, with which he'd previously buggered Sherlock's arse, into his mouth, filling him with his own taste. As John had pulled the leather strap tight, Sherlock had rocked his hips forward and gyrated his hips until John had gripped him hard to still him. “Stop that. God, you are insatiable. can't you get enough?” He'd hissed, and then he'd sucked at Sherlock's nipples until they'd been painfully hard and red, swelling on his pale chest like two tiny rosebuds.
As it has been two days now, John turns Sherlock over on his belly and starts to remove the bandages covering his welts. To keep Sherlock even more under control, John has once again pulled a plastic bag over Sherlock's head. It gets smeared with come on the inside as Sherlock tries to even his breathing to stay conscious. He's lying in wet, gooey heat, inhaling John's semen with every breath, reminding him what he's there for.
“Hm, he seems quite talented.” Irene states and Kate nods enthusiastically. Her hands grab the armrests, knuckles turning white, as Sherlock lets the tip of his tongue repeatedly circle her clitoris, massaging gently.
His cock twitches between his legs, pulsing, seeking friction from the slightly rough material surrounding it. If he concentrates, he can buck his hips just a bit...
Suddenly, there are John's hands on Sherlock's buttocks, prying them wider apart, spreading him for Mycroft to inspect. He can feel his arsehole twitch in excitement as Mycroft brushes just one finger down his smooth, hairless cleft. He desperately wants to be filled.
Meanwhile, Acri continues to stroke Sherlock's hair, his fingers gently petting his sweaty nape. John sits on the bed next to them, watching Sherlock intensely, who's still trying to process what had him so perturbed a few minutes ago. To distract himself, he allows his gaze to linger on specific scenes unfolding.
“DI Gregory Lestrade from New Scotland Yard here. Can you put me though to Mr Holmes in an... urgent personal matter, please?”
The finger is worked in steadily deeper before a second digit is added. Sherlock inhales sharply and  feels tears spring to his eyes; his abdominal muscles clench.
Sherlock hisses in pain. A thin rivulet of blood runs down his chin. The twine is thick and black. It feels utterly strange to experience it threading through the soft tissue of his sensitive lips.
“No, they certainly mustn't.” John extends his hand. “Antiseptic fluid and some cotton will do. Please.”
“Open!” John demands, and Sherlock parts his lips and throws his head back. John grins as he holds the come filled condom above Sherlock's face and slowly empties it into Sherlock's wide open, greedy mouth. Gooey strands drip slowly onto Sherlock's tongue – it was an enormous load – and when he can taste the stranger's sperm, feel it fill his oral cavity, Sherlock makes a choking sound of pleasure. “Swallow!” John orders, and Sherlock gleefully does, licking his lips afterwards.
“I'm filling his lovely arse with my piss, John, and look at this horny slut, rubbing himself against the mattress as if he didn't come bare five minutes ago.”
John eyes their sparse kitchen appliances until his gaze catches on their spatula. It's broad, made of hard black plastic, with a few diagonal slots. Perfect.
Acri looks down at Sherlock as he steps aside and gestures over to the boy who still leans against the chest of drawers. Come already starts to drip from his hole.
But suddenly, the blissful pressure is gone, as John gets up again. He takes a bottle of lube from the bedside cabinet, and Sherlock’s eyes light up in anticipation - that is wiped from his face when he sees what John also grabs: a latex glove.
One beer had become three. John still hears the muffled noises, yells and cheers from the sitting room, but tries as best he can to ignore it. Until he just can't anymore.
After a few minutes, John quickly removes the shower head and stuffs the plug back in. Water is still sloshing around inside Sherlock. He gasps in pain as the large toy fills his raw colon again, stretching his abused intestines. Soon, the building pressure will have him cramping, he knows that. He’s not sure he’ll be able to take it. But fainting would mean lying in the grimy brew filling the tub.
“And I am a doctor, and I'm telling you that we have to remove the toy from your rectum – now. Take your trousers of and bend over the coffee table.”
“You belong to me. I'm not sharing you. I want to take care of you the way you need it. The way I need it.” John's voice it raw with emotions.
The evening seems to be well under way. There are couples but also three- or foursomes... even whole groups of men engaging in all sorts of sexual acts. Next to the door, on a sofa in the corner, a well-built youth is sucked off by a much older guy on his knees while another twink pounds the man's arse hard, gripping the hips in front of him tightly. They are all sweaty and moaning – as best as one can with a huge cock down one's throat – and don't spare the new arrivals so much as a glance.
“Massive. Like being ripped in half.” Sherlock pants. “I missed you. I missed this.” He holds very still and concentrates on his breathing.
“No. Watch yourself.” Mycroft whispers hotly. “You beautiful thing. You are extraordinary. Unbelievably hot. My perfect rubber doll.”
As Hoody is allowed to pour his come into Sherlock's mouth, Sherlock again waits hungrily to receive everything. He moans and cranes his neck, even tries to suck onto the slippery latex. He loves to experience the taste of come, all its different flavours, and wants nothing else in his mouth for the foreseeable future. He might even prefer it to piss.
“John, we have no time for your usual stalling tactics. Is Sherlock at Bart's?” Mycroft presses, his stern voice bearing no prevarications.
“Sweet Jesus, this is a dream come true.” She murmurs as she watches red welts rise on Sherlock's pale skin.
“But why come to us? He never comes to us. Not even for Christmas. He always stays in that dingy flat of… well, you live there too, now, Doctor Watson.” Sherlock’s mother trails off, making a vaguely apologetic gesture.
“Sherlock, what the hell have you done? Can't you keep your breakfast down?” Under John's frown, Sherlock blushes even deeper with embarrassment. A sob makes him hick-up; porridge gets into his wind pipe. He panics, suddenly unable to breathe.
A thick bead lands right on Sherlock's lips. He licks it up and swallows. Another blob hits his cheekbone, running down the sharp ridge over his jaw. The next dollop gathers just below Sherlock's open left eye, but he doesn't blink.
John looks grave.“You listening, Sherlock? See how patient I am with you? You should thank your brother on your knees that he got me to train you. Well, you will thank him on your knees... when you're finally worth it.”
Suddenly, he pulls Sherlock up by his hair and drags him to the bathroom where he's ordered to piss in a mug. It burns like hell, but there's no blood. John makes Sherlock drink the whole mug in one go, holding it up to his mouth and only lowering it when it's empty. Hot piss escapes the corners of his mouth, running down his throat, mixing with the dried come and saliva there.
„Are you sure about that?“ Sherlock asks, baffled - and obviously more than just a little bit intrigued.
Sherlock just casts his eyes to the floor. “I think you should precede, Toby.” Mycroft says into the silence, his voice crisp and very posh.
“Hm, I think I'll start by giving you an enema, to clean you out nicely for me.” Sherlock blushes and inhales sharply at this suggestion. “After that, I'll play with you just like I want. It'll take ages until you're ready to take me. But we'll get to that later. For now...,” his eyes meet Sherlock's. “I think you need a shave.”
Sherlock obeys, and as the cotton has mostly dried in the warm flat, it parts over his chest, hanging loosely open, revealing Sherlock's milky skin. John splays his hand over it possessively.
Mycroft blinks a few times before saying something in Russian. The men reluctantly take a few steps back, staggering drunkenly around the large room.
“Well, there is more, you know.” Acri glances over to the boy still leaning against the chest of drawers. Now, at a wink, he comes over to the bench and sits in his Dom's lap, facing Sherlock.
“As far as I could see, Sherlock wasn't severely injured. But it seemed that Moriarty played some fucked up games with him.”
Sherlock nods again, his gaze now glued to John's hard, leaking cock. When John's hand speeds up all air leaves Sherlock's lungs in one gush as if he'd been punched in the guts.
Sweaty curls cling to Sherlock's forehead as he stares up at John in a state of severe depletion, despite having actually slept a few hours this night. John smiles down at him, even lowers his head to tenderly kiss him on the mouth. It's almost chaste and so sweet that Sherlock has to close his eyes as to not succumb to the overwhelming sense of sentiment that wells up inside him. John's hands stroke down over his tied up body, roaming freely over the expanse of black neoprene, and it's so gentle that Sherlock fears he might start to cry for real.
John lies back and Sherlock is told to straddle his hips. John lazily folds his arms behind his head – this is a relaxing early morning shag, after all – and lets Sherlock do all the work. Despite still being wet from last night, he's allowed to use lube to slick himself up for two cocks. Small mercies, but Sherlock is still grateful.
“Relax.” John murmurs as he slowly starts to push the plug inside Sherlock's hole. It isn't as tight as before but it's still not used to accommodate rather large objects either. Sherlock clenches and gasps at the intrusion and makes the task rather difficult for John. Sherlock's sphincter just won't yield and give way.
In the afternoon, when Sherlock had had some rest, John takes him up into the attic again. He's now wearing a cock ring and nipple clamps with chains. One connects Sherlock's piercings with his cock, another one with a slim collar around his neck. Every step tugs at the piercings. It's not painful, but the sensation keeps Sherlock half hard and aroused.
“I could think!” Sherlock shouts, trying to pry over his shoulder to give John one of his scathing looks.
John uses Sherlock as he pleases, filling his hole with piss before fisting him hard. Sherlock, as the sloppy pisswhore he is, makes quite a mess...
“They tried to warn me off. As if that's an option.” John smiles, standing close, looking up into Sherlock's haggard face. Something shifts in his eyes. He takes a final drag before flicking the butt away into the damp grass.
John keeps his rhythm for a while, watching Sherlock splutter and choke, in turns flicking his hard nipples or pulling on the piercings. But it isn't enough, Sherlock's just teasing himself. After a few minutes, John swats his hands away and takes over.
“You really have to learn a lot, pretty boy. When I'm finished with you'll keep your mouth wide open and appreciate whatever is put into it. You'll even beg me to be allowed to lick the floor clean after one of my orgies.” As Irene releases him Sherlock nods weakly and only whimpers, sinking back to squat on the floor, simmering in his desperation and embarrassment. He looks up at John for some reassurance but John seems lost in thought. He only stirs and seems to come to life again when Irene announces: “Now, I think it's time to move this upstairs, don't you think, Doctor Watson?”
John refuses. It could be too much, he explains, and Sherlock might lose himself in this state of forced calm and self-induced ecstasy. It's a dangerously small divide between recklessness and enjoyment they are strolling along as they explore Sherlock's boundaries.
“Yes, tell us, John, are you allowed to wear the hat as well? Or are you just cleaning up afterwards?”
Lestrade actually brims with anticipation as they enter the bedroom. The sight awaiting him takes his breath away.
Sherlock, while still crying silently, first tries to pull John's underwear down with only his right hand, but as that is not working, he has to use both. His face contorts in pain, but John demands regardless: “Hold my coffee mug.”
Sherlock swallows audibly, his eyes still cast down, not daring to look at John. It slowly dawns on him that he might have made a grave mistake. “I'm sorry.” He whispers. John makes a non-committal noise.
The noises Sherlock makes... desperate, high whines. John needs more of this, needs to feel more of him. He removes his free right hand from Sherlock's arse and brushes over his hip bone until it rests against Sherlock's sternum. Slowly, carefully, John pulls Sherlock back and up until he's kneeling upright, with John's left shoulder a steadying, anchoring pressure against the small of his back.
“Great! Sorry to disturb you at this hour, John, but we wanted to give you the chance to comment on the rather disturbing revelations regarding your... partner, Sherlock Holmes.”
Suddenly, he can feel the rough fabric of John's glove on his neglected cock. He's gone soft, but now his shaft is rapidly swelling, filling with blood.
“You can take it, I know you can. Stop fussing, Sherlock, this is what you were made for. See, about two thirds are already inside you. Come on, tell us how it feels.” John cheers him on as Sherlock is impaled by the oversized toy.
“A party. The man I bought the lube and chain from told me. It's tonight. A house full of lovely boys begging to be used. His words.”
Sherlock has been gagged with tape wound around his head and is being held face-down by two men onto the coffee table, while Vladimir arranges the big grey Great Dane over his back. Well, not only over his back, but also between Sherlock's spread legs. But that isn't the most horrible feature of the scene. What makes John reach for his gun is the look of absolute devastation on Sherlock's face, turned towards the window. His eyes are red-rimmed and protruding from their sockets while a vein throbs on his forehead as he desperately tries to scream in agony and fear. His limbs fidget as if he wants to fling himself off the coffee table, but strong hands press him down and hold him in place. His forlorn expression makes John abandon all caution as he hurries back inside through the kitchen door, storming over into the sitting room, bursting through the door with his gun raised, ready to shoot anyone who dares to stand between him and Sherlock.
Mycroft pulls out, tucking himself back in, and John watches Sherlock's hole twitch and flutter. Then Mycroft tilts the backrest of the gynaecological chair until Sherlock is almost upside down, his spread arse in the air, his head lowered near the floor.
“I told you, he's behaving like a cheap horny slut since we started. He's been absolutely gagging for it 24/7. Nothing's been out of bounds. He once fucked himself on a beer bottle just to get something up his arse.” John pinches Sherlock's cheek. “Isn't that right, Sherlock?”
It takes ages. Because John stops after every few millimetres to give Sherlock time to adjust to the enormous strain; deliberately pulls and twists, spreading Sherlock wider and wider, easing the monstrous toy in excruciatingly slow. He will not hurt Sherlock just as this session is beginning.
Another half an hour later, he can't even clench his sphincter muscle anymore. He just endures his stomach emptying and his intestines swelling as his alimentary tract fills with waste. He knows that most of the food is now processed in his Colon, wandering down into his Sigmoid colon and then his rectum, piling up in front of his body's exit, squishing around the plug.
When John looks up again, his face is wild, his lips smeared crimson. The knife moves down Sherlock's body, and he arches into the contact. As John reaches his crotch, he slices the thin silk from Sherlock's hips with two precise cuts. The fabric is soaked with Sherlock's precome, clinging to his bollocks. John grins almost manic as he presses the flat side of the knife against the underside of Sherlock's shaft, who responds with canting his hips upwards, rubbing himself against the sharp blade. After a moment, John pulls away to give Sherlock two parallel lesions at the translucent skin in the hollows of his hips. The blood drips down, pooling at Sherlock's groin, and John smears it all over Sherlock's straining cock with his free hand, giving him a few long, slow strokes from hilt to tip.
“Wait. I want to touch it.” Sherlock steps between Kate's still spread legs and let's his fingertips ghost over the sutures. He can feel her pulse beat fast and hot against fingers as he starts to rub her pussy while Donovan has started to kiss her again. Kate moans and almost melts into the touch, and when Sherlock sinks onto his knees and brings his tongue against the stitches, she nearly arches off the table. Sherlock and Sally exchange a quick dirty look, before the DS grins: “Come on, posh boy, give it to her.”
Mycroft is sitting in an armchair behind Sherlock, watching, sipping a Glenmorangie, lazily fisting his cock. He seems to enjoy the show.
“Imagine Mummy and Daddy seeing their youngest son like this. Gagged, begging to be used and played with. You already fucked your brother. Wouldn't you like to lick your Mummy's cunt as well? Push your tongue into her wet snatch, deep and slow, until her juices are smeared all over your pretty face. Like this.”
John smiles darkly as he unzips and scoots up on the bed. He deftly unties Sherlock's hands and stuffs a pillow against the headboard to lean back against, offering Sherlock his heard leaking cock, just a few inches away from Sherlock's greedy mouth. Even as Sherlock's arms are shaking from being tied up for long hours, he nevertheless pushes up on his elbows and swallows the offered cock as if it was the most tasty sweet he's ever encountered. Despite his eagerness, John still grabs the curls at the back of Sherlock's head to pull him down until his nose is buried in John's wiry pubic hair. Greg pounding inside him from behind shoves John's cock even deeper down Sherlock's throat , and Sherlock splutters and chokes with every thrust but sucks as if his life depends on it.
He has no idea how long it takes for him to stagger over to Sherlock's body, lying on the floor. It feels like if his feet are glued to the ground, as if he's wading through quicksand. When he eventually reaches Sherlock, he can see blood oozing from the back of his head. His eyes are open, staring blindly at the ceiling, unblinking. John bows down to feel his pulse at his wrist. Nothing.
John gestures for Sherlock to take off his coat, and Sherlock blushes but obeys. Toby doesn't even arch an eyebrow. He surely has seen stranger things in his life. He just beckons for Sherlock to sit on the stretcher, which he does with a slight wince, as his arse is still bruised and sore.
But he's soon reminded of his duties. First, he has to clean both John's and Mycroft's cock with his mouth (god, he loves Mycroft’s taste even more as he suckles on his slit). Only afterwards is Sherlock allowed to lie down in the pool of piss and to slurp the rest of it up with his mouth. The nipple clamps bite fiercely into his sensitive flesh as he squirms on the tiles, wet and filthy, covered in piss, while the plug moves deliciously inside him. Suddenly, without warning, he’s about to come; his balls tighten, his cock throbs and pulses.
“It was an orgy, basically.” Sherlock interrupts. “Everyone was fucking. Including us. We really had no time to observe anything. I'm not even sure who's cock I sucked.” He smiles again but it doesn’t reach his eyes. “Are we finished here?”
John sits on the edge of the mattress and lets Sherlock service him for some time, enjoying his wet hole. They are both relaxed by now, not as keyed up as earlier. Their orgasms have taken the desperate edge off it. The sex is languid, sensuous. John strokes Sherlock's face and hair, plays with his nipples, touches his warm, damp skin. Sherlock slides up and down his hard cock, taking him deeper and deeper, submissive and content, humming happily around John.
Sherlock loves this, being the centre of attention. He's sinking deeper and deeper, losing himself in impatient touches, never quite enough, keeping him on edge. The sensation of thick white come covering him sets his skin alight, making him almost oversensitive.
Sherlock is blushing furiously but obeys. He gets up, takes the bottle and positions his cock over the  bottle-neck.
At eight o'clock, Sherlock's laptop finally answers his muttering with the sound of an incoming email. During the next four hours, Sherlock double-checks all the witness statements, and even watches some recorded footage Lestrade has send him from the interviews. At noon, the forensics report arrives, followed an hour later by the post-mortem. Mycroft must have pulled some strings to speed up the proceedings.
Sherlock slowly shakes his head. “No. Mycroft isn't the type of person who gives up easily. I think he's just regrouping his troops to plan a new attack.”
Eventually, he removes his spit slick hand and wraps it around Sherlock's aching cock. It's like an electric shock. Sherlock's whole body jerks forward into the touch. He makes an undignified sound, something between a moan and a sob, thick beads of spit dripping from his mouth because he can't swallow properly. John strokes him firm and fast. Sherlock shudders, grunts, eagerly trying to gulp in air as he twitches in John's grip, making desperate high noises to warn him. But John doesn't stop until Sherlock pulses hot come all over his hand.
At the door, the elder Holmes pauses and turns one last time. “By the way, should the press get wind of this incident, there'll be consequences. Serious consequences.” Then Mycroft is gone. The temperature in the room has suddenly dropped a few degrees.
Even afterwards, Sherlock is not allowed to use the loo. As his body needs some rest, John eventually has him lie on the bed all day. In memory of his fantasy from last night, he inserts a urinary catheter up Sherlock's urethra so Sherlock can relieve himself. Yet the catheter tube is attached to his nasogastric tube, feeding him his own piss back. Sherlock can watch it if not taste it, as John has hooked up the clear tube in good view. It's both disconcerting and deeply arousing, being subjected to this treatment, watching yellow urine ooze out of him before being absorbed again by his body. A perfect circulatory system.
“You should tell him, Mycroft.” John says before stepping away and breaking the spell, sitting back onto the sofa. His touch is gone and Sherlock suddenly feels teetering on the edge of panic, unmoored.
John takes it, pulls the brush from Sherlock’s hole, inserts the bottle’s nozzle instead and squeezes. Thick burning liquid spills inside Sherlock’s bowels and he hisses.
John opens him up further and further. Lube runs down his cleft and thighs, mixing with sweat and precome as Sherlock breaths and squirms and pants while John steadily pushes and pushes until suddenly the broad rubber rim hits Sherlock's buttocks.
Sherlock's cock is fully hard, still trapped in his small knickers. John has removed his shirt and jumper but still wears his jeans, staring at the miles of pale skin in front of him, contemplating the best place to start. He needs to see Sherlock bleed, the warm blood that pulses through his veins extracted, to make sure he's truly alive. John needs this experience to convince himself that this is real. After all his drunken daydreams and hazy nightmares, John needs proof.
Sherlock must have overheard the arrival of the group, for he shoots John a questioning look. John knows he can't lie to him, but maybe he can somehow soften the ugly truth?
Sherlock isn't sure how much of the things John says are fantasies and dirty talk, and how much he means serious. Well, his body is certainly changing, adapting. His arsehole is gaping by now, he can easily accommodate eight inch wide dildos and plugs. After John had eventually removed the tunnel plug the other day after breakfast, Sherlock had experienced his first small prolapse. It had been a shock, parts of his rectum hanging out of him, yet John had tenderly stroked the red flesh and even bowed down and kissed it, swirling his tongue around it.
John carefully pulls a still visibly dazed and weak Sherlock up into a sitting position and gathers him in his arms, rubbing soothing circles all over his back. Sherlock chokes and splutters a bit more, but seems to slowly come round.
“I have to tend to this, Sherlock. Stay like this, please, I'll be right back.” Sherlock rests his left cheek on his folded arms and watches John as he walks back into the bathroom to get their first aid kit (luckily, due to the nature of their relationship and John being a doctor, it's always well stocked). When John returns, he also carries new, clean towels.
“You should have thought about that before acting like you did behind my back.” John retorts, walking over to the sofa and sitting down.
“I can't...” Sherlock huffs, as another ridge slips free. He already starts to feel slightly empty, which is disconcerting. He misses the stretch. At the same time, he fears the widest part breaching him. He clenches, clamps down on the toy, his whole body trembling. “Stop. Please, John...”
“Oh, god!” Sherlock groans, curling up onto the mattress. His bones feel as if made of jelly. His prostate has already been rubbed raw, but is now stimulated even further. He immediately starts leaking again, clear fluid dripping from the slit of the silver cock cage. It's like being milked dry.
“Aren't you, Sherlock? You told me this was your dirty little fantasy. Being mercilessly fucked by a bit of rough. I'm only giving you what you are gagging for.”
They stop in front of a tattoo parlour in SoHo. Heads turn as the three of them walk in; the likes of Mycroft Holmes don't seem to grace this place often. Mycroft ignores the looks, flicking some microscopic lint from his lapels. John squares his shoulders and stares back until the customers avoid their eyes.
Yet John knows he shouldn't allow Sherlock to have his way like this; it gnaws on him. Shouldn't he be the responsible adult here? Who's setting the rules in their relationship?
“Didn't you guess, little brother? Well, apparently, your brain seems to be preoccupied with other sensations.” Mycroft's eyes travel over Sherlock's body, taking in the bruises, cuts, his caged cock, laced-up waist and taped nipples. “I wanted something that described our relationship, but wasn't too overtly offensive. All those sluts, whores, holes... a bit crude, don't you think? Alas, not fitting for something so very delicate like you... us.” Mycroft smiles. “It says Blutschande. It's German. Old-fashioned word for incest. I thought it was perfect. Like you.”
John carefully places the apple on the table next to the microscope but when he turns back to Sherlock he sighs. Sherlock is still on the floor with his eyes closed but his hand is now palming his crotch through his expensive sharp trousers.
'Good', Sherlock thinks with relieve, John didn't take him here to throw him to the wolves. He's not like Mycroft... Sherlock wishes suddenly for a line of cocaine or some pills – surely easily available here - to make the memories of that night go away and help him relax into the here and now. What happened still haunts him, especially at a place like this.
Despite having been strictly disciplined for fifteen minutes now, Sherlock is gasping and begging for more. Greg truly admires his stamina.
Upon their return a few hours later, laden with bags full of shirts, underwear, a suit and a pair of black leather shoes, there's another car parked in the driveway. A black limousine.
“I'm sure you'll get enough sensory input today. This one's better if we are on the move. Believe me.” Sherlock just shrugs and braces himself against the sink as John shoves the toy up his arse.
“A stone.” John tells him, and he must have given the rock a little push, for the pull and ache intensifies. Sherlock moans.
John's eyes are dark as he takes the black neoprene mask and pulls it slowly over Sherlock's head. His world goes dark.
“If you piss on me, I’ll pour boiling water into your urethra and up your arse every day until Mycroft comes back. Your intestines will suffer from severe burns. But I'll fuck you anyway. So be careful, Sherlock.” He lets Sherlock squirm for another thirty minutes.
He lays an elaborate pattern all over Sherlock's thighs, arse and back. The slim rod cuts through the sore, red skin with ease, inflicting minor wounds that nonetheless bleed profusely. But Sherlock is not even writhing anymore. He just takes it, sighing in submission as he feels warm blood trickle down his sides and legs, mixing with his piss and sweat, dripping through the slits of the beating rack and onto the carpet beneath it.
John carefully peels the tape away and takes a long look at Sherlock's nipples. The swelling has subsided. When he gently tugs at the silver rings, Sherlock doesn't feel any discomfort.
“Here, let me put these into your boxers. They'll make for a nice distraction on the walk back...” John shows Sherlock a handful of burdocks, some still with their violet blossoms. He pulls Sherlock's waistband back and unceremoniously drops them in his pants.
„John, please…,“ he almost sobs but John just indicates with a movement of his head for Sherlock to take his trousers, pants and socks off. Half-naked, Sherlock sinks down onto the floor before getting on his hands and knees, slowly crawling over to the low table in front of the sofa. There, he lies down with his chest pressed against the hard cool table top and spreads his knees wide. His head rests on his folded arms.
On the second morning, John has another idea to test Sherlock's willingness to submit. He's allowed to sit at the table while John eats his breakfast, clad in sweat pants and a loose t-shirt (as to not chafe his sensitive nipples or the tattoo). John makes him drink three mugs of tea before he orders Sherlock to wet himself while he watches. Sherlock swallows, looking at his lap as panic rises in his chest. He knows he has to do this – but he can't. He's too embarrassed. John waits, but his patience is wearing thin. Sherlock can see it in the twitching of his eye, his fingers drumming on the table top. Suddenly, Sherlock's afraid of the punishment that will await him if he fails. He takes a deep breath and relaxes, blushing s bright crimson as he feels the first drops of piss wetting his pants.
Sherlock outright laughs in John's face. “That's really not for you to decide, John. I'm well onto...”
“So?” Sherlock waves his hand through the air, gesturing a bit clumsily around himself. “How shall we do this?” A slight lisp has crept into his usually so pronounced speech. It's almost endearing, John thinks.
The vibrator has positively wrecked him. Its low hum kept him on edge the whole time, yet the catheter prevented him from ejaculating. His cock is painfully hard, but he's unable to find release.
The desperate noises Sherlock makes don't stop John. Slowly, he pours the second beaker down the hose. Sherlock's groans become frantic. He can feel the mush quell up inside him, surging back up into his oesophagus. It's one of the worst experiences of his life. It's like suspended vomiting. He doesn't even dare to squirm, in fear of the processed food flooding back into his mouth and seeping down into his windpipe. His breathing is becoming ragged as the panic rises. John soothingly strokes his curls from his forehead.
John as quickly as possible steers Sherlock backwards out the door, all the while facing the room. Sherlock can barely walk, but John drapes his left arm around his own shoulder and almost carries him outside. Somehow, he's able to manoeuvre the lanky detective into the passenger seat of Mycroft's car. He has no idea how they will get away with what he just did, but that worry can wait until Sherlock is save back in London, away from his brother.
Sherlock nods and comes all over himself, without John so much as touching him. John chuckles darkly into his ear before turning him onto his sore back and fucking him hard and fast while choking him with one hand around his windpipe until Sherlock is almost unconscious, black spots dancing before his eyes.
Left alone, Sherlock tries. He really tries. He even massages his abdomen a bit but it only takes a few minutes until he knows that he won't be able to hold it any longer. He scrambles to his feet, almost slipping in the moist tub, and reaches the toilet bowl just in time. The urge to empty himself is so strong that he can't even feel shame as the contents of his bowels rush out of him. It takes a while until he's sure enough that he's empty. He staggers into the shower and vigorously starts to scrub himself clean. He even pushes a soapy finger up his anus to wash himself. He wants to make John proud.
Despite Mycroft's words, Sherlock starts to pull at his restrains, but they are tight and strong, not giving way. The corset firmly restricts his breathing; he simply doesn't have the strength to resist for long. He tosses his head from left to right as one last attempt to postpone his ordeal, but Mycroft just grabs his jaw hard and stills him with a stern look.
Sherlock’s eyes snap open, shining bright and almost feverish. John can see their feral gleam, even in the low light of their darkened sitting room. An audacious smile spreads on Sherlock’s up until now almost dreamy features, a stark contrast to his submissive posture, on his knees, with clothes pins clamping down on his sensitive skin and a knitting needle up his cock. Yet pain and humiliation seem to light up Sherlock’s neural pathways, heightening his perceptiveness.
“Don't you dare. Remember, you are not Sherlock Holmes anymore.” John shakes his head in disapproval.
John grunts and fucks him into oblivion. Sherlock loves it. Especially when he can suddenly feel hot, sticky wetness fill his mouth as John comes deep inside his body. Sherlock can't swallow properly, so some of John's come drips out of his mouth. As his face is angled upside down, it trickles up his nose and over his cheekbones, slowly seeping into his hair.
A shiver runs through Sherlock as he stares at his reflection, almost not recognising himself: battered, with an unnaturally small waist, his milky skin a stark contrast to the shiny black rubber, his legs even longer due to the high-heels, a collar around his throat, indicating he belongs to someone else now. And isn't that true?
Well, as it was, he'd nothing better to do anyway, so why not travel across Europe just because an anonymous text message told him to? He'd done stranger things in his life...
“You have no proof.” Mycroft growls through gritted teeth. “She might think it was one of your daft, self-destructive ideas while high as a kite. Like hanging yourself. Or cutting yourself. Or blaming me for Redbeard's death.”
John feels rather touched. “Thank you. I'll think about it.” He chews his lower lip. “So, where will we go? What will we do?”
“I can't put the tube in if you stiffen, Sherlock.” John explains. “The swelling constricts your urethra.”
They both know that the bag is not airtight, that there are small vents in it to prevent children from choking in them but Sherlock is a grown man in considerable arousal – his body desperately needs oxygen right now. The vents will prevent suffocation but they are not allowing for nearly enough air supply to help Sherlock breath properly.
The boy slowly puts a finger into his mouth and pushes deep. He gags once, twice before, suddenly, a splash of thick white vomit hits Sherlock's face and fills his open mouth. Instinctively, he swallows. The boy continues choking, bringing up more. Another load splashes onto Sherlock's face with surprising vigour, followed by another, and another. He gulps down what lands in his mouth quickly, desperately trying to suppress retching himself, for he's sure they'll force him to eat it all up again. He silently wishes that the boy did have nothing else this evening but semen.
When John eventually pulls off, Sherlock wails with disappointment. John grins down on him, then walks over into the kitchen, trailing Sherlock behind him on the leash. After John has drowned a glass of water and told Sherlock to take a few sips as well, he's told to continue.
Greg's eyes roam his untidy tabletop, covered in papers, folders and a panting mess of a consulting detective, lying in his own come.
Mycroft grips Sherlock's slim hips and starts to fuck him steadily. Sherlock's cock is shoved again and again against the wooden edge of the rack, already chafing, still a bit damp from loosing control over his bladder. Yet, it's swollen and leaking all the same. Every thrust from Mycroft makes him gasp in pain and pleasure alike.
“Now, another very sensitive area is obviously the rectum, balls and perineum.” Sherlock's whole body spasms as he can feel Irene's latex covered fingers tease his hole as she eases out the small plug that has been sitting inside him since the morning. He knows what's coming and that there's no escape. But instead of a brutal blow Irene caresses his rectum with the soft tongue of the crop for several minutes until he sighs and relaxes a fraction.
Bowing down over Sherlock's back, he growls into Sherlock's ear: “I want to hear you beg some more.”
“You are with him?” Acri asks, his eyes following John's gaze. “Hmmm.” It's a low appreciative hum full of admiration; or maybe envy?
“For god's sake, he's your brother. You want to throw him to the wolves?” John is almost shouting now. “I thought he meant something to you.”
“Do you like it?” The policeman sounds aroused as he watches his fingers vanishing inside Sherlock’s body. Or is it Sherlock’s obvious discomfort that gets him off? “Tell me you like it.”
Sherlock pushes up and away from the corpse as far as possible, desperate to get some space between his face and the pasty features staring blankly back at him, but his head seems to weigh a ton. He's soon too exhausted to hold it up and slumps down again, his brow hitting the dead man's sternum.
Mycroft smiles again and steps back, his touch still lingering. He walks over to one of the large oak cabinets lining the walls, and as he opens it, Sherlock's eyes go wide. He remembers that John had told him about Mycroft's impressive collection of toys, but seeing with his own eyes what is undoubtedly only a small section of the devices at hand makes his mouth go dry and his knees go weak.
Almost casually, Mycroft enquires next: “How did he take the... Moriarty reveal?” But John can see right through him. Fucking one brother rather teaches you a lot about the other.
The apartment is on the fourth floor in a 19th century rear-building reached after passing through two courtyards. The floor is made of gleaming wood and the rooms are almost sixteen feet high, with white stucco decorating the ceilings. It's a bit like residing in a small palace. The sparse furniture is made of light wood – beech and pine – giving the flat a cool, Scandinavian touch. How very fitting for a man named Sven Sigerson.
John's gaze trails down Sherlock's body to rest between his thighs where Mycroft's manicured fingers curl around Sherlock's erection, pulling back the foreskin to expose the glistening slit.
Kate is send away by Irene to freshen up a bit. She slowly staggers to her feet and leaves the room, looking over her left shoulder once at Sherlock, who still crouches on the floor. She doesn't smile.
“Ah, Mr Holmes,” Vladimir claps Mycroft’s back and pulls him into a bear hug, kissing both his cheeks. Upon releasing him he asks: “Where is little brother? You promised! Look, Armur is in heat.” He gestures over to the dog slobbering on the upholstery. John can see its bright red, swollen knot between its muscular rear legs rutting against the cushions.
Sherlock, just to avert Moriarty's attention, shows him three fingers. “Thirty minutes? Hm, that's an optimistic estimation, given that I've injected her with a muscle relaxant. Might affect her breathing capability... who knows? I'm not a doctor? Speaking of... I'm rather curious what you and the good Doctor Watson have been up to lately. While you were out, I took a look at your phone. Quite a show there, Sherlock.”
Sherlock does as John told him. It's much less unpleasant than getting a rubber hose shoved down his oesophagus. It's still an alien object inserted into him, but it doesn't feel as such a violation as the gavage from this morning.
“He’ll fuck you till you scream. He has specially made toys at the Diogenes, you know. He showed me once. Very large toys. I’m sure he’ll use them all on you. Dildos the size of my thigh. You won’t be able to walk afterwards.” John murmurs hotly into Sherlock's ear while stroking him, all the while jerking his own cock in a loose grip. “He’ll rip you apart. He might even cut you open to enlarge your hole. Turn you into his very own cunt.”
John – always the good doctor – seems to sense Sherlock’s wrecked state for he momentarily stops fucking Sherlock with the dildo, empties the plastic bag he’s carried his purchases in onto the floor and quickly gets up. Sherlock is so far gone that it doesn't really register with him what’s happening. Therefore, he gasps in surprise as John pulls the bag over his head, tightening the handles around his neck to seal off the air supply. Sherlock’s rapid breathing has the plastic cling to his sweaty face in no time, his gaping mouth the indentation of a silent scream.
Sherlock pulls on some nitrile gloves before walking over to the man on the cross. His arms and legs are tied to the rough wooden beams with leather belts. Sherlock is careful not to step into the dried pool of blood and excrements on the floor, so somehow stands next to the device as he carefully starts to loosen the ribbons that close the black leather mask around the victim's neck. The mask dehumanises the body; it has only a hole for the mouth, otherwise it's like a bell cover, fastened around the throat.
After a few minutes, however, the trichomes are spent, having released all their histamine into Sherlock's most sensitive parts. Now it's just the friction of the leaves, combined with the raw surface of the gardening glove, rubbing his cock. And despite his abused body, Sherlock feels his orgasm building.
“Get up. There’s a shower down the hall.” He says, rather matter-of-factly, and their guest staggers to his feet. With one look back over his shoulder down at Sherlock, he leaves the bedroom to clean himself up, grabbing his discarded top but not pulling his zip close again. His spent cock hangs heavy between his legs, still thick despite its flaccid state.
Of course, he'd kept tabs on John, especially as he had not attended the funeral, but he'd behaved pretty ordinary. Grieving, yes, but just as expected. John Watson... was... a very ordinary man after all.
“I'm sure I won't be able to swallow properly. I'll be drenched in saliva soon.” Their eyes meet. Sherlock's go dark while John's sparkle with affectionate mischief.
Sherlock goes very still next to him. “You wouldn't come with me, would you?” He asks in a low voice.
“God, boys, look at this posh little twat. He's so tight, I wonder if I can get my finger inside him.” Ginger says as a thick plump finger starts to rub at Sherlock's entrance before pushing in without any lube. Sherlock whimpers.
“Okay, get up.” John steadies Sherlock by taking his elbow while turning him around. The bathroom is small, so they have to stand close. They can feel each other's body heat. John grins back at Sherlock, but there's a dark edge to it, possessive and predatory, when he pulls Sherlock down and brushes their lips together, his tongue darting out to gently caress Sherlock's full lower lip.
She aims for the sensitive flesh at the insides of his spread thighs, the soft crook where legs meet groin, and, occasionally, Sherlock's heavy testicles. A broad smile is plastered onto her face as she more and more forcefully rocks her hips to meet the insistent tongue sneaking in and out of her.
John just sheds his light linen jacket, keeping his black jeans and polo shirt on, but Sherlock disrobes completely. Beneath his suit he's been wearing what looks like a thong – only made of stainless steel. His cock and balls are trapped in a silver bulge with tiny holes. The contraption runs between his legs, with black leather padding on each side to prevent bruising, and vanishes between the pale mounts of his muscular arse cheeks, covering his hole. A dildo is attached to the strap between his buttocks, filling him and brushing his prostate as he walks.
“Do you understand?” The Commissario asks. His accent is much more pronounced than Mondigliani’s. Sherlock looks once again up at the clock. Thirteen minutes past one. He nods.
The woman just nods and gives John a somewhat lewd grin. Sherlock, kneeling naked on the floor, surrounded by three fully dressed people, feels rather ridiculous.
Sherlock's cock is already fully hard, straining inside his pants. He's getting wet as Mycroft starts to play with his tormented nipples, thumbing over the hardened nubs until Sherlock softly moans. John's grip on his hips tightens to prevent him from squirming.
“God, look what you can take,” John whispers. “And this is only the beginning. Your anal training will involve being plugged all day, every day. From tomorrow on, you'll do it yourself, while I watch. I'll choose the toy and you'll put it inside you. The noises you'll make...”
“I want you to come inside those fancy knickers. Make a total mess of yourself.” John huffs in a rough voice while Sherlock can only nod to signal that he's heard and understood.
They are both waiting on the steps of their little pink cottage just outside Oxford when John parks the car. Sherlock tries to get out on his own but stumbles and has to grab the door; John hurries to catch him. His parents just stare, his mother pressing her slightly knotted fingers, sprinkled with liver spots, over her mouth at the sight of the state of her youngest son.
“I love our little games.” He whispers into Sherlock's ear. Sherlock nods and smiles wickedly against his chest.
After two weeks, he's unable to clench his sphincter any longer. John just feeds him astronaut's food and protein shakes – nothing solid any longer – for they are both not into scat or nappy play. Sherlock has to wear a plug all the time except for when John allows him to evacuate. The toys have become so large that Sherlock can hardly move with them inside himself. He either lies in bed or sits on a hard wooden chair, ready to be used, waiting to be wrapped in his bag.
The elder Holmes sighs. “I want to remind you of your responsibility. I believe we came to an understanding, Doctor Watson. Don't forget what's your role in this game.”
But the agony morphs into something achingly sweet as he can feel his own orgasm built. He huffs, breathing fast through his nose.
Now John can hear it. Sherlock's urine starts to drip from his trouser legs onto the linoleum. Small droplets at first, but it evolves into a pale yellow gush the longer Sherlock takes to empty his bladder. Already a pool of liquid is forming on the floor. The seat of the chair must also be drenched by now. And Sherlock is sitting in it with his plush, round arse, his cleft getting wet while his pants are soaked in piss! John starts to rut against his hand, his hips rotating and bucking fervently as he seeks some much needed friction.
“Just a few days.” John has trouble to keep his voice calm and stick to a polite tone. He doesn’t come from a very happy family himself, but distinctly remembers, when he returned back home, invalided from Afghanistan, his father hugging him and putting him up without any questions asked about his pending departure. Sherlock’s parents might seem nice on a surface level, but somehow seem to lack compassion and empathy. Suddenly, many things become much clearer to John.
By now, Sherlock is almost sobbing with need. “Mummy, Daddy...” he moans. “Please, I've been so good, please, let me touch myself. I'll be a good little boy. I'll do as I'm told. Please.” He's begging, and if John hadn't come mere seconds ago, he could do it all over again.
John thinks. Mycroft starts to talk Russian again, and even John understands that he's trying to assuage his guests' apprehension.
“Do I really have to make threats, John?” Mycroft tilts his head and glares at John from narrowed eyes.
He drags Sherlock into the bathroom and yanks his reeking hoodie over his head. Sherlock's smell hits him full force, a mixture of unwashed male, stale cigarette smoke and wet dog. His fingernails are bitten and dirty, his hair greasy. He has dark half-circles below his eyes and his cheeks are hollow. John is about to scold him because he's neglecting himself, but falls silent when Sherlock wraps his thin arms around his torso. Too late, for John has already seen. Hot, white anger fills his chest.
John stares for a moment before he takes the toilet brush from its stand and pushes it deep inside Sherlock.
When Sherlock is cursing his empty inbox, John decides to make tea. The sun is coming up outside by now, promising a beautiful morning – but Sherlock has no eyes for it as he's on the phone, making calls in half a dozen foreign languages while his tea goes cold on the desk in front of him.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock moans, turning his head back around, meeting John’s gaze. Blood runs from his lower lip, over his chin, and John licks it up with just the tip of his tongue, savouring Sherlock’s taste. The room smells like a battle field, of blood and sweat and musk, Sherlock’s wrecked panting providing the perfect soundtrack. And suddenly, John can’t stop it, he has to kiss him, now, own him, mark him. Sherlock is his. He wants to claw him open, slide under his skin, wants to know him and possess him, his body, his mind. Wants to be the only one. Ever.
“On your knees.” John orders, and Sherlock sinks gracefully to the floor, grateful for not having to stand on his trembling legs any longer.
Dimmock points towards the bedroom, and so it falls to John to explain with an excusing smile: “He got into a fight while on a chase last night. I had to splint his finger and patch him up at three in the morning because, of course, his Nibs wouldn't go to A&E like any mere mortal.”
“I'm fine.” Sherlock hums with closed eyes, his voice still strained, his forehead resting on his drawn-up knees. “A bit sore.” He adds after a minute. Mycroft chuckles.
Up in John's room, Sherlock is drooling onto the wooden floor. A puddle of spit forms below his face as he kneels again on all fours. He's exhausted after the long hours of playing, drained by his orgasm, but John's not finished with him just yet. He got hard again while wanking Sherlock. Now, Sherlock's mouth has to service John once more. He pushes in deep, his glans rubbing over Sherlock's soft palate. John watches the weights dangling from his chest, pulling and flicking them a bit, making Sherlock moan but not hurting him, just giving him a pleasant distraction.
Sherlock just shrugs. He'd never given this much thought. Not before John, anyway. “I suppose so. I don't know. I think I'm first and foremost into... you.” It's the most honest answer Sherlock can come up with.
John takes a picture of him on his phone, with the toilet brush protruding from his mouth. Sherlock wants to close his eyes but John gives him another kick.
“I phoned down from London and gave instructions. Our rooms should be ready.” Mycroft leads the way up to the porch and opens the front door with his key.
But his eyes go wide nonetheless when John leans over to reach for the glass still standing on the bedside cabinet, filled with Mark’s by now congealed come mixed with a splash of whisky. John’s leg slides between Sherlock’s in the movement, spreading them, making him groan. At least John removes his hand from his aching cock to hold Sherlock in place by his biceps to prevent him from flinching away.
Meanwhile John, after a subtle glance at Mycroft, takes the honey pot and drizzles the sweet golden molasses over Sherlock’s chest and down his belly. It pools in his navel before trickling further south. Sherlock can feel his cock throbbing, but knows better than to give in to his desire to touch himself. Yet when John lowers his head to lick the honey from his skin, Sherlock’s eyes literally roll back in his head.
In the meantime, John has wriggled out of his trousers and pants and took off his shirt. Irene, who is still standing behind him, is caressing his chest with her slender hands, her bright red nails dragging through John's wiry blond hair. She strokes one finger tenderly over John's scar and he grins up at her.
John and Mycroft smile at their debauched fuckboy dry-humping the soiled sheets, his body writhing, his back arched, getting almost mad with need.
“They'll find us anyway. We only seem more suspicious if we don't help them with their inquiries, voluntarily.”
John bites down on the tendons standing out from Sherlock's long neck. “Well, maybe later. For now, I want to have some fun with you.” John's answer nearly shatters Sherlock. He feels his whole body undulate in disappointment.
“Oh, for fuck's sake!” John shouts but then falls silent as he turns around from the fridge. Sherlock is kneeling on the floor in the middle of their dimly lit kitchen, holding up a bright red apple in his long pale fingers, offering the fruit – and more - to John.
When John is finished with the belt Sherlock is openly crying, his twitching body glistening with sweat.
After John has adjusted his rumpled clothing Irene leads the way upstairs, her high heels clicking loudly on the marble steps. Sherlock has neither been allowed to clean himself up nor to get dressed. He shivers. Drying spit and bodily fluids make his face itch.
Yet he has no time to indulge in post-orgasmic bliss. He swiftly removes the belt and lowers Sherlock onto his front on the duvet before pulling out. As he quickly gets up and walks into the bathroom to retrieve some towels and a glass of water, he can hear Sherlock hiss in pain.
And then Sherlock makes a keening sound deep in his throat that vibrates through both their connected bodies, shooting thick white stripes all over John’s fingers, abdomen and chest, while John presses against him, tugging, touching, coming as well, plastering his semen all over Sherlock’s hip, groin and thigh.
'This could be me,' Sherlock thinks, feeling bile rise in his throat. The pig eventually lowers his head to thank his master for the chastising. Acri excuses himself while he drags the boy from the room by his blond hair, pulling so hard that his pet whines in pain, a high-pitched wail that echoes in the chamber long after the boy's removal.
He speeds up, his hips snapping forward in a brutal pace. Sherlock is making gurgling sounds around the black rubber, wailing and keening, shoving his sore arse back onto John's cock, needing it just as badly as John does. The dildo is glistening wet, shining with saliva when it glides from Sherlock's mouth, just like John's cock when he pulls out, only to thrust in again harder and deeper.
Over the next hour, all those objects go up Sherlock's slit. John shows him which one's next, holding it up in front of his face before disinfecting it with the sanitizer. Then the object is lubed up and inserted into Sherlock's urethra. Very slowly.
He might have lost consciousness a moment later as his orgasm hit him so forcefully that he strained in his bounds, his body pulled tight like a bow string, arching his back in what feels more like a fit than a climax.
Sherlock returns home the following afternoon. The black car delivering him as well as a new suit and shirt he's wearing are evidence of Mycroft's involvement.
The next morning, when John removes the blindfold and the gag, Sherlock's lips are sore and his eyes are red-rimmed, puffy and swollen. He begs John on his knees to forgive his impertinence, sobbing, crouching at John's feed, promising to never disagree again. John allows him to suck him off to make good, filming his efforts with his phone.
Sherlock's cock is by now throbbing against its metal confinement. His hole contracts rhythmically around the plug at the sight in front of him, two cocks pounding into a glistening hole. He desperately wants to be on the receiving end as well. Now! But John just strokes his hair, despite the huge bulge in his own jeans.
The chamber they are standing in has plain cream-coloured walls with a small window opposite the door. The floor is tiled. The only furniture consists of a a chest of drawers pushed against the wall below the window and a wooden bench screwed to the floor in the middle of the room. On it sit the four lovely young boys who had previously been lounging around on the bed with Acri, pleasuring him. They are all naked except for black leather collars around their slim necks.
Sherlock relaxes his throat and John slides all the way in. He loves everything about John's cock, from its taste to its girth and weight on his tongue, how it stretches his lips and fills his mouth. He could suck him all day.
The grip around his throat loosens somewhat, Moriarty's palm just cupping his Adam's apple. The next thing Sherlock feels is a sharp pressure just below his chin and he jerks against his bounds again to escape what's coming. “Stop this!” Moriarty hisses. “I can't guarantee for anything if you don't stop thrashing about.”
Sherlock wants to beg, to trade, to promise John a reward if he is allowed this favour, but the pain in his arse reminds him of his position and he stays quiet instead.
Sherlock can feel the hose inside him, sliding deeper and deeper into his vulnerable body. It's like having to swallow a rod. As a child, he'd briefly wanted to join a travelling circus and therefore had trained to swallow his wooden pirate's sword. It had ended with tonsillitis and a sad pool of thrown-up dinner in his waste paper basket. Sherlock is reminded of his unsuccessful efforts now, as the rubber hose is slowly pushed down into his stomach.
“John, John...!” Sherlock knows he can't ejaculate but that doesn't mean that he can't orgasm. His whole body shivers as John fucks him with his tongue. He might even have forgotten to breath, blissfully clawing at the table top, enjoying what John does to him.
“Friend of mine.” John answers. He'd made a call after retrieving his car keys. Murray is awaiting them. He didn't ask why John had been calling at this godforsaken hour, just offered his help.
“Have you been like this all day? Lounging around the flat in nothing but your slutty dressing gown like the lazy twat you are?” John's voice is cold and rough. Sherlock tries to sit up on the sofa, too astonished to answer, but suddenly there's John's fist in his hair and he's jerked up and then pushed down onto the floor. He lands on his left hip and tries to scramble into a kneeling position but John has grabbed his right wrist and now twists his arm onto his back to throw Sherlock face first onto the carpet. A knee is placed between Sherlock's shoulder blades as he's pinned down beneath John, unable to move but for a slight wriggle. John yanks his arm up even higher and Sherlock hisses as sharp white pain shoots through his body. His head is jerked brutally up by his curls again as John tells him quite matter-of-factly: “We do this my way or not at all. I do with you whatever I want, and you'll take it. Otherwise we'll stop right here and never mention what happened. Do you understand me?”
Sherlock had nodded, his sweaty curls sticking to his temples, but John had made him plead and beg while he'd continued to fuck him with the dildo, not giving permission for Sherlock to touch himself, to finish, slowing down every time Sherlock got near his peak. Sherlock had been systematically reduced to a gasping, shivering mess, almost blissed out by the sweet agony of not being allowed to climax.
John has no idea how he expected the room of an adolescent genius to look like, but certainly not like this. Perhaps he had envisioned loads of books, a chemistry set, a globe… at home in Baker Street, Sherlock had hung the periodic table on the wall, next to a judo certificate; the skull sits on the mantelpiece… and loads of clutter is strewn all over the flat. But this room is different.
He leaves the phone on the mantle as he stumbles into Sherlock's bedroom to curl up under the duvet, enveloped by their mingled scents. If he cries, no one bears witness to it.
Despite, he has something waiting at the club. Not something like Sherlock – he's one in a million, not easily replaceable – but at least something to take his mind off things a little and allow him to relax. It had been tied up the whole day and suspended from the ceiling, a huge plug up its arse holding in the loads strangers had shot up it during last night. It must by now be whimpering with pain and need, begging to be released. Mycroft imagines the soaked ball-gag in his toy's mouth and has to admit that his bespoke trousers suddenly feel a little too tight. He stares unseeingly at the green countryside passing by outside as his sleek black car drives down the M40.
“I want you to show your brother what a dirty slag you are. I want you to piss yourself in front of him, to show him how far you'll go. You need him to control you, for you are barely in command of your basic bodily functions.” John removes his hand but continues to slightly move the plug inside Sherlock's arse. “Come on, debase yourself, show us how low you have sunken.”
Sherlock goes visibly tense. A flush spreads over his cheekbones. The knuckles of his clenched fingers have turned white.
“Come here.” John pulls him by the hair as he aims for his face again and again, spraying saliva all over those beautiful features until they are covered in a glistening sheen. All the while, John is fisting his cock right in front of Sherlock, just of reach of his eager mouth.
“Gosh, look at him. He has turned pink. God, you are a lovely specimen. Quite a bit of work I can imagine?”
“Play with your nipples.” John rasps, his eyes heavy lidded as his hand speeds up. Mark's hand leaves Sherlock’s throat, making it easier for him to breath. Sherlock tries to inhale as deep as possible through his nose, smelling lube and sweat and sex. The man above him is breathing heavily as well, his rhythm quickening.
He drools but tries to relax to swallow even more. Thick beads of spit cling to John's cock when he pulls out, only to push back in regardless of Sherlock's coughing; until Sherlock almost chokes. God, the sounds he makes, a low, desperate keen of pleasure that vibrates through John's body. John stays fully seated for long moments to enjoy the feeling of absolute control, relishing the wet, hot heat, even pinching Sherlock's nose so he has no choice but to open wide. When Sherlock does, John makes him suck in his balls as well until Sherlock's mouth is stuffed with cock. Sherlock almost suffocates while trying to swallow all of it, cock and balls, making undignified slurping noises. John pushes in deeper and deeper until he eventually pulls out and comes all over Sherlock's face; he doesn't clean him up but just lets him lie there on the bed, come drying on his face.
“My wife burned most of it after Will's last relapse. Said she just had one son now. Couldn’t bear being reminded of how happy Will had been as a child.” Sherlock’s father has to bend his head when standing in the low room. “Not as it all went down. He spun out of control.”
“What, Doctor Watson? They all seemed quite content with the arrangement. They have been visiting my house weekly for nearly a month now. I don't judge the proclivities of my guests.” She gives John a pointed look and Mycroft coughs.
“Imagine what your brother will think when he hacks my phone again and finds this little video. You think he'll like what he sees? I bet he does. I bet he's fantasised about this, you, on the floor, hurting and bleeding. I think I might invite him over when you are a bit more advanced, to show him your progress.”
They don't need rope for this. Sherlock got on his knees and bowed down willingly as John had given him a poignant look.
Sherlock swallows audibly. “Ok. My other fault was talking too much, begging, crying, pleading. I therefore propose that you gag me for the rest of the night, to teach me my place and to make me shut up. I'm sure you own some device to do so that causes maximum discomfort.”
John's left hand pushes past Mycroft’s to prod behind Sherlock's balls. As two of his fingers slide easily into Sherlock's still loose hole, he smiles wickedly.
After a moment, Mark starts to move in earnest, riding the toy; his strong thighs do most of the lifting as his arse rubs against Sherlock's cheeks. Sherlock wishes he could replace the dildo with his tongue and lick deep inside Mark's hole.
John pulls at Sherlock's hair again, dragging his head back while his other hand wanders up from Sherlock's cock until he can play with Sherlock's nipplerings, flicking them gently. Sherlock outright keens.
“Can you breathe properly?” John asks and Sherlock blinks as an answer. “Good, otherwise we would be flooding your lungs with puree. Nasty business.” His gloved fingers wipe away a tear on Sherlock's cheek, the rubber sticking to Sherlock's skin.
“It's been so long... God, I never thought I'd have this again... You utter dick... I love your taste... The way you feel against me... your fucking filthy mouth...” John pants into Sherlock mouth between bruising kisses, still tasting the faint flavour of blood. It almost drives him mad, reaching deep inside him, evoking some primal urge to mark and own. “You are mine!” He growls.
Sherlock swallows, tugging at the belt that ties his wrists behind his back. He needs to concentrate to string a coherent sentence together because words seem to fail him as all his blood is gathered in his throbbing, locked-up groin. “Perhaps you'd... like to... spit on my face?” He suggest in a low voice, raising his head, his eyes wide open, his jaw slack. “Please, spit on my face.”
He's not blind, he can see how being treated like an object changes Sherlock – and he's not sure it's for the better. True, Sherlock has become much more controllable – but that's not what John wants if he's honest with himself. Because Sherlock's fierce independence and unrelenting renitancy his extreme unruliness, have been mayor character traits that drew John to Sherlock in the first place. John needs the challenge of resistance; nothing turns him on as unfailingly as breaking someone's defences. And Sherlock used to provide for it aplenty.
“Yes, little brother, I'm stroking myself over a picture of your violated arse. Good, it looks rather lovely, all red and stuffed to the rim.” Mycroft's voice wavers slightly at the end of the sentence. “Now, pull it out, Greg, I want to hear him moan.”
Sherlock is sweating and drooling, and his knuckles have turned white as he holds on tightly to the table top.
He doesn't untie Sherlock, not yet. Instead, he watches as lube and his come ooze out of Sherlock's swollen hole. It's a lovely sight, and John starts to play with the mess, pushing his index finger in despite Sherlock's whimper, only to offer the wet finger to be licked clean afterwards. They repeat this numerous times, John squatting on the floor, feeding Sherlock come from his own arse, who greedily licks and sucks.
Sherlock is naked and flushed, his cock already hardening, his pale skin still a little blotchy from the bath. He looks determined.
“Make a fist.” John instructs upon his return. Sherlock does. A tourniquet is pulled tight over his right biceps before John slides a needle in his vein. It feels strangely familiar.
It's not easy and takes some coordination, but finally, they find a rhythm together. The slick sound of squashy lube, combined with their outright lewd moans, fills the bedroom. Soon, they are all glistening with sweat.
Sherlock tries to shrug, but is restraint by the rope binding his wrists, upper arms, legs and ankles to the operation table.
With that John walks off into the bathroom, leaving a dazed, shaky, debauched Sherlock behind. He's covered in piss and come, sporting a massive erection, his arsehole throbs and his mouth tastes vile but he's neither feeling sick, ashamed, nor frightened. He's... elated, high on oxytocin and very curious what John has in mind when he speaks of his training.
“Did it? Are you sure? Because he told me that he needed those people for some secret political alliance. You were just an incentive. A means to an end. He used you for his career purposes.”
When John leans over and takes both of them in hand Sherlock shudders. He must be so sensitive by now; at least John is. But they don't need lube, as Sherlock has been leaking copiously.
As someone aims for the Asian boy’s chest, Sherlock is quick to duck down and lick it off his nipples and pectorals. It tastes sharp, a little pungent, quite different from John's.
So must John, because he suddenly removes his hand from Sherlock's cock and just pets his twitching arsehole.
“Well, he’s here now.” Daddy says a bit wearily. “Do you know how long the two of you might be staying?”
Donovan doesn't bat an eyelid as she walks over to pick up the riding crop, then nudges Kate with one of her high-heeled feet. The maid clumsily gets up and stumbles over to the door. Sally's face is unreadable as they leave the room, but her grip on the crop is firm. Sherlock quickly makes some reassessments of the Sergeant on his hard drive.
Sherlock slides off the desk and crawls behind Lestrade, spreading his cheeks carefully to expose a dark, furled hole. It looks delicious but Sherlock is shy at first, only tenderly circling the tip of his tongue over it. As Lestrade starts to moan and pushes back against Sherlock's face, however, he becomes bolder, licking broad stripes from Lestrade's heavy sac all the way up to his tailbone. It's getting wetter and messier, and quickly, Sherlock's face is slick with saliva.
“Jesus,” John pants, his breathing ragged, his shirt sticking to his sweaty back. “That was quite a show.”
He gets his answer the next day. John has attached heavy lead weights to his balls and ordered him to fuck himself on a ten inch vibrator. He's been at it for two hours, kneeling on the floor, his cock leaking copiously due to constant prostate stimulation. His whole body is drenched in sweat, and black spots dance before his eyes. It's not just his anus that hurts, but his arms, his shoulders, his back, his thighs, his stomach. When his legs cramp, tears start to run down his face. Yet John doesn't show any intention to end his ordeal: he's not even watching Sherlock, but instead fiddles with his laptop nearby. Eventually, Sherlock dares to slow down a fraction. As John doesn't react, he asks: “Please, John, let me stop. It hurts so much. I need a break.”
“Breath.” It's the only warning Sherlock gets before John pushes in. He's huge. Sherlock cries out as the head of John's cock breaches him. It's too much. It feels like he's split in two despite all the preparation. It's like being ripped apart as his hole is stretched past endurance. Hot tears spill from Sherlock's eyes and he's drooling and gasping in pain as John continues to slide into him until he's fully seated.
They make him stand below a strong wooden beam and tie his hands in black hemp rope. The rope is thrown over the beam twice and then tied to a hook somewhere behind Sherlock. His body is pulled taut and upright as his hands are raised high above his head. He can't move much or his feet loose contact with the floor.
Sherlock just shrugs, takes a sip and folds himself up on the mattress again. John offers him a few more ibuprofen which he gladly accepts without any discussion.
Sherlock swallows. He's not sure he'll get it up if Kate starts to suck his cock. He blushes even more when Irene laughs out loud.
John pulls on latex gloves and sets to work. Sherlock hisses and shudders visibly as the needle breaks his sensitive skin but stays in place. He needs three injections until John's sure that he won't hurt Sherlock more than necessary. While he waits until the local anaesthesia takes hold, he gets Sherlock a glass of water that he greedily drowns.
When all cloth pins are removed and the jerking body on the bed has calmed down a fraction, reduced to a sobbing heap of trembling flesh, John starts to untie Sherlock. His joints ache as his legs are brought down, the muscles cramping and twitching, but John gently massages first Sherlock's ankles and then his wrists to aid circulation. The prickle accompanying the blood shooting back into Sherlock's limbs soon becomes a searing pain as he tries to flex his numb fingers. It takes a while until full tactility returns.
John leaves him in his room for the afternoon. Sherlock lies on his bed, curled up on his side, and stares at the wall. His lips are throbbing. He feels broken. He's lost something today, again, another piece of dignity, another layer ripped away to expose him, lay him bare. He's not sure he can go through with this. It's way harder than he had expected.
John can feel Sherlock shake in front of him; from the noises he makes he's already far gone – perhaps it's the lack of oxygen, perhaps the fact that his cock is nearly turning blue while he's denied the orgasm he craves. It's depraved  and dirty and John just grabs Sherlock's hair tighter as he chases his own orgasm. His other hand strokes down Sherlock's long pale throat and as he feels his hard cock beneath the delicate skin of Sherlock's neck he can't hold it any longer and comes down Sherlock's throat. Sherlock tries desperately to swallow and to breath at the same time, which ends in a coughing fit that makes his whole body spasm. John only releases him when he's totally spent, watching as Sherlock keels over, bracing himself with his hands on the floor as to not crash face first down onto the floor. Come and saliva drip from his mouth as he gasps for breath until John fears Sherlock might actually throw up on the carpet.
Mycroft shakes his head in disappointment and sighs. “Your career, your future, I can wipe it out with one stroke of my pen, John. Army pension, gone. Medical license, gone. Credit cards, bank account, gone. Just like that.” Mycroft snaps his elegantly manicured fingers. “I could even have material found in your possession that would guarantee your immediate incarceration for a very long and unpleasant time. You know how paedophiles are treated in prison? I can crush you like some pest under my heel without sparing a second thought. Are you truly willing to risk your life and everything you care about just to nettle me?”
“I really need to fuck you now, Sherlock, I hope you are ready for me.” John sinks onto his knees and roughly rips the panties away from Sherlock's arse, exposing his shiny wet hole right between his spread arsecheeks. It flutters and contracts in anticipation but John decides to tease him a bit more and only rubs his cockhead over the rosy pucker again and again. Sherlock looks down at him, mesmerised, even trying to tilt his hips as if to will John inside himself by twisting his body in invitation.
“Sit.” John gestures over to the couch and Sherlock slowly lowers himself onto its edge. “Your brother and I agreed that it's the best for you to stay here with me for some time.” Sherlock is about to protest – he has his work, and besides, how is his brother to decide what he's doing? – but John silences him with a sharp look and a raised index finger.
John is true to his word. He cuffs Sherlock naked to the radiator in their kitchen (with handcuffs Sherlock has nicked from Lestrade ages ago) before going out to get some Chinese. At least John locks the door; no use Mrs Hudson finding Sherlock in his current state, well fucked, abused and beaten raw.
Eventually, Sherlock is shoved forwards and pressed face first against the radiator. He can hear a condom wrapper being torn open, and then a fat cockhead sheathed in latex presses inside him. Sherlock wants to yell, he needs lube, this is brutal – but a hand clamps down over his mouth, silencing him. Sherlock looks up through sweaty curls, and there's John, standing over him, muffling his cries with his strong grip. John's eyes hold Sherlock's gaze, telling him that he is right there, that he has to see what Sherlock is able to take for him. Knowing John likes what he sees, Sherlock relaxes and surrenders.
Eventually, the last man enters him while he's allowed to suck on Chequered's condom. He'd begged for it. “Please, John, feed me more come. Please, it tastes so good, I love it, please...” And John had been kind and had given Sherlock what he so clearly craved.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, then says: “Please, John. Put me in my place.” One of his long pale hands reaches out and takes the collar, holding it up, offering it to John while Sherlock's eyes stay on the floor.
Sherlock shudders. He's not sure he'll be able to come, not with his nipples and balls stretched painfully and his extremities covered in prickly branches.
In the end, Sherlock's choice is rather conservative: a belt, a riding crop, a large glass plug, a silky blindfold, earplugs. Ah, of course, sensory deprivation would be a thing for Sherlock, John thinks.
“Come on. Shuffle back.” John helps Sherlock to get up from the table, gripping him around the waist to position him on the rug, on knees and elbows, his head resting on his forearms, his gaping arse up in the air. The movements make the toy shift inside his rectum, scraping over the tender walls of his colon, so deep, unbelievably deep inside him. Sherlock moans as his cock dribbles clear precome onto the carpet. He can't stop oozing; it's like being milked.
“I know how much you like to pee in your pants, Sherlock. I know that you love to sit in your own piss, suck it from my cock, lick it up, drink it. Would you like to wet your panties a bit more now, Sherlock?”
“We should be the driving force in this, to stay in control. If someone discredits our reputation, it should be us, don't you think?” Sherlock looks up at John from under his lashes, licking his lips. “He won't resort to open violence, that is not my brother's MO. No, he'll weave an elaborate web around us, of which we'll be unaware until we'll stumble and fall. But if someone pre-empts him in this... he might think that others are doing his dirty work for him, and lean back and relax.” Sherlock's voice is very low as he nuzzles his face into John's lap.
John strokes Sherlock's sweaty curls from his face. “Hey. There you are. I thought I had lost you. Are you all right?”
“Next time we come to the yard I promise you a full cavity search.” John smiles and Sherlock shudders, which earns him a playful swat on his biceps.
Finally, as John feels close, he brings one hand round Sherlock's body and wraps it around his neglected cock. Sherlock yelps and eagerly pushes in, despite his flesh being tender from the wax treatment. It doesn't take long for the stiff coating to crumble under John's touch, allowing him contact with Sherlock's hot, hard shaft. Sherlock literally howls before coming all over John's fingers. John follows suit, bits of wax sticking to his cock as he fucks himself to completion between Sherlock's strong legs.
He's pleased that John quickly returns to the bedroom and kneels down beside him. Only as he starts to deftly undo the belts tied around Sherlock's bag does Sherlock want to protest. He wants to stay like this, for John to use him again or put him back into the cupboard, but apparently John has other plans. Sherlock bites his tongue and waits.
A small whine escapes Sherlock as John gently wraps his hand around his tender cock, loosely weighing it in his palm. Sherlock can feel himself throb painfully against John's skin.
As John eventually feels that he's getting close from the two delicious mouths working on him he pulls the red-head back abruptly. Kate pants at the loss of cock but is quickly pacified when John tells Sherlock to undress her.
Sherlock moans behind his gag as an answer. They should just take him. That's what he's there for. He knows his place now – at their mercy. He wants to stay there for the rest of his life.
“His severed cock was then stuffed into his mouth, apparently. I doubt he was the kind of person who wanted to suck his own cock like this.” Sherlock folds the paper and worries his lower lip between thumb and forefinger. John stares out of the window, drumming his fingers on the mattress.
Sherlock would really like a glimpse of his fresh tattoo. He's curious what his brother has chosen to ink into his skin. Yet it seems he'll have to wait until they arrive at the house to eventually see it.
“John, I'm not a ghost. Please, turn, look at me.” The voice is so soft and pleading that John finally gives in, coming face to face with the tall red-haired woman. She's again wearing her sun-glasses, hiding her eyes, which makes looking at her somehow easier. But that mouth... John can all too vividly remember it wrapped around his cock, moaning beneath him, begging; or distorted in pain, screaming. There are other features, too: Sherlock's mother-of-pearl earlobes, his prominent nose, those high cheek bones one could cut his hand slapping, his slim yet dextrous fingers still holding onto John's arm. Only now, his fingernails are painted in a glossy shade of pink.
When he stands nude in front of John a nod of his head indicates for Sherlock to move over to a single tall chestnut tree.
“You are free to leave any time, John. Though, I think Sherlock might find your presence... reassuring?”
“Well, this brings me to another aspect of your training. I'm not used to train a new sub. I actually prefer fully trained specimens. That's why I think I'll need some help with you. From an expert. Her name's Irene Adler. I just made an appointment with her while you took your bath. We'll see her tomorrow.”
Sherlock groans. He knows that John means it. But he still has to ask. “John, it... it hurts, please... I need to... I need to come... please?” His voice fades into a destitute whimper.
In the afternoon, Sherlock kneels naked besides John's chair, the dildo still in place, the silver weights dangling form his nipples, the collar still tight around his neck. John also has attached a row of cloth pins to the sparse padding of his lower belly, his inner thighs and the insides of his arms. His cock juts out in front of him, one of Mrs Hudson's knitting needles inserted in his urethra, and the sensation is so intense that Sherlock's mind is wiped completely blank, awash with endorphins. He's both alert and relaxed at the same time, oblivious yet focused.
When John pushes into him again he can actually feel his cock throb inside Sherlock's restricted throat as the man beneath him fights for air. But John doesn't loosen the belt. In fact, he draws it tighter.
Sherlock's muscles twitch. His breath has gone ragged in anticipation as he watches John from huge eyes, his pupils blown wide. He needs this as much as John does, to seal their bond in blood. Pushing resolutely back the thoughts of the last time someone had cut him, he waits patiently for John to collect himself. They both know that he'll need a steady hand for this.
He can feel his belly contract. God, the corset is so tight! His throat is still raw and burns from the rubber hose. He's starting to drool around the gag because the rubber ball makes it impossible to close his mouth and swallow his saliva.
“Mycroft, what the hell...?” John is stunned to see Mycroft in such a state. Greg crosses his arms over his chest and leans back against his desk, frowning in irritation.
The DI collapses  back into his leather chair and only after he's got his breathing back under control does he remember to take another pic, his unsteady fingers fumbling with his mobile. This time, the image received by Mycroft shows Sherlock's face dripping with come. It is pooling in his right eyesocket, his long dark lashes coated creamy white, as Sherlock licks his lips to taste.
“It's been almost 24 hours. We have to remove the plug now, or there could be serious damage to your... body.”
Sherlock feels drowsy as he's abandoned by John and presented to a room full of strangers. The name on the vial he'd been able to glimpse had said Ketalar. He'd briefly wondered why John had thought it necessary to administer a painkiller which also provides sedation as well as memory loss, but in the end had shrugged it off.
John grabs their salt tin and pours a generous amount of salt into his open palm, which he then massages into Sherlock raw right arse cheek. The salt coalesces wit the sweat and blood, forming a smarting varnish. Sherlock yelps. It's a high-pitched sound that has the window panes vibrating. Thank god Mrs Hudson has gone out earlier.
After placing an almost unconscious Sherlock on the bed, John continues to play with his hole, spreading his arse cheeks apart to stare at Sherlock's slack rim in a kind of disgusted fascination. Sherlock is so wrung out that he can't protest John fisting him, he just takes John punching his hole because that's what he's there for. He's just an open cunt, made to be fucked.
“Like a wet cunt...,” John whispers, running one finger over Sherlock's sensitive rim, pushing inside, massaging the exposed walls. Sherlock shudders visibly in his confinement. “You're so open. Your hole is bright red, but your insides shine a beautiful pink. I'm sure I could put my whole hand into you right now. Shall I try?”
While Mycroft had been strapping Sherlock to the chair, John had sat his bag down on the table. Sherlock's eyes go wide when he sees what John has brought for their scene.
Sherlock tries. Turns. Twists. Moans. Presses in, in… and gasps when his knuckles breach him, sliding inside with a wet squish. His hole closes around his wrist, encircling it like an obscene bracelet. He stares, unable to think, mind wiped clean. It doesn't hurt anymore, it just feels exceptional. So good.
As they enter the house, they can hear voices from the sitting room. John drops their shopping bags in the hallway and turns to face Sherlock, who gives him a brief nod. John takes a deep breath, opens the living room door and walks right in, Sherlock trailing behind.
It only takes a few moments for John to shoot his load all over Sherlock's mouth and cheekbones. He strokes his fat cock in front of Sherlock's face, giving him just the head to taste.
Sherlock nods again. Anything; he'll want everything John wants. “Yes, John.” He gasps as John adds another finger, pushing in deep.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock whispers. John swiftly leans in and kisses him, a chaste touch of lips that lingers. He doesn't want to let go. Neither does Sherlock.
Sally lowers the riding crop and squats down in front of Kate, pulling her head up by her tousled hair. The maid's face is a mess, mascara, snot and blood mixing on her distorted features. Her eyes are wide with fear. As she doesn't answer immediately, Sally pulls more fiercely, then slaps Kate's cheeks hard a few times, accompanying the smacks with her repeated question: “What. Where. You. Doing. Fucktart?”
“Hello Mycroft.” John greets Sherlock's brother as the car manoeuvrers back into the London traffic.
Sherlock places his hands flat on the floor behind his back and arches up, baring his torso. John takes in the patches that cover the burn marks and cuts. It's not that he wouldn't do such things to Sherlock, to drive him mad with pain and desire. But he loathes that others claimed a right to do so. Sherlock's body is his to torture and hurt, no one else's. Only John knows how much Sherlock can take, how far they can go. That's not to say he wouldn't push Sherlock's boundaries. But it has to be done out of genuine desire on both parts.
John brushes Sherlock's damp curls back from his sweaty, tear-stained face as he praises him: “You are amazing, so lovely. I'd really wanted to fuck you tonight, but I fear you might just be too exhausted. But tomorrow, I have a surprise for you. Now, make me proud, and show me what you can endure for me.”
“Now then, as you told me last night, you are rather keen to suck me off. Isn't that right, Sherlock?”
“Because I really don't care if you were involved in killing that pervert. Or in whatever else. I'm neither interested in some foreign scam. But I have to run the holding cells here and believe me, it's advisable to scratch the right backs. And profitable. At least for me. So...”
“Shh, I know. But I have other plans for you. Remember, you promised to behave.” The hand in his hair tightens for a moment and Sherlock shudders but falls silent again.
“You'll clean that up. I'll take a shower. Then we'll talk about your training. You've been difficult up until this last few moments. I think you'll need some strict discipline to learn how to behave. It will be my pleasure as well as my privilege to see to that.”
Sherlock takes his time. Slowly, gently, he pushes his tongue into the protruding intestine. He's aware that the others watch him, that there are sighs and moans, but it doesn't deter him. In fact, it spurs him on. He worships the sore arse in front of him, giving it all the affection he's capable off. He hopes that one day John might allow him again to train for this, but right now it seems that John wants him as tight as possible.
It's a big, rather old-fashioned tool, large and black. Nevertheless, it is rather roughly stuffed up Sherlock's arse before another pic is send to Mycroft, which is met with an approving sigh.
But it's when John balls his fingers into a fist that Sherlock totally looses the ability to form coherent words.
“What do you mean? Are you an imbecile? - Seriously? - I know! - No, now you'll listen to me... - I need this list! - I don't care if Miss Adler is indisposed! - Then tell her...”
“Go away!” He whispers. “You're dead. You're fucking dead. You blew your brains out in front of me, so kindly piss off, will you?” John raises his voice at the end of the sentence, hating how absolutely broken he sounds. People on the other side of the pavement turn their heads.
“Are you telling us that Moriarty set all this up to get to me?” Sherlock interrupts a sharp retort from John. “That he killed two people just so that I noticed he was back?”
“Your hole is gaping. You're so wet, I'm sure you can take more than my cock.” John pants, pushing deep inside Sherlock without meeting any resistance. He sits back a little on Sherlock's thighs and pushes both his thumbs into his arsehole next to his huge cock, prying Sherlock open. His thumbs massage Sherlock's still spasming, sensitive rim while John's thrusts become a little shallow due to the changed angle. It feels like Sherlock is being ripped apart, unable to do anything about it.
“Please, John, put you hand inside me.” Sherlock pleads as their eyes lock. John bites his lower lip and has to grip the base of his twitching cock to stop himself from coming. Sherlock can see a large drop of precome well up from John's slit and he licks his dry lips and spreads his knees further apart to push his arse even higher up. “Please... I'm so open for you. Fill me up. Stuff me. I need you. Now!” Sherlock's voice is deep and rough as he begs for John's fist.
“Good morning, John.” Mycroft raises his head and looks down on John over Sherlock's shoulder. “Look at him. Already hard again. Leaking even. You've created a monster.”
“Oh, but I've been informed that you employed Miss Adler's services quite recently, John. Moriarty might have recognised something as he strapped a bomb to you. Takes one to know one. Remember, I saw it as well.” Mycroft smiles. “Or maybe you told him?” His eyes suddenly harden.
“I've thought about something like this myself.” John admits. Sherlock goes very still. “But I don't think we are ready for such a huge commitment yet.”
“Is that so?” The woman almost purrs by now and Sherlock feels unease creep up in his chest. Why is this woman flirting with John?
“Sherlock!” John's voice is sharp and fierce. He grabs Sherlock's biceps again, but Sherlock wiggles out of his grip and ducks, almost making it to the bedroom. But John's still fast on his feet. He pins Sherlock against the bathroom wall, knees him in the solar plexus and pulls his arms up as Sherlock sacks forward like his strings have been cut.
The noises Sherlock makes by now are more animalistic than human, a low, panicking growl rising from behind the gag. John just winks at him before he closes the heavy door, leaving Sherlock alone to suffer four hours of absolute agony.
“God, he's adorable.” Acri tells John, looking over Sherlock's shoulder, his breath ghosting over Sherlock's cheek and neck. He's so close Sherlock can smell his cologne mixed with fresh sweat and just a hint of musk. “If you'd allow me, I have a treat for him.”
“So you know what this is?” John asks, kneeling on the floor, looking up at Sherlock over his shoulder.
At the end of the corridor, Mycroft opens a door and beckons Sherlock and John, who'd trailed behind them, carrying a heavy bag, inside.
In response, Sherlock's lips quirk up in an arrogant smile. John slams the glass back down onto the nightstand and jerks Sherlock forwards until he's kneeling up in front of the bed. He can't be allowed to refuse him like this, John reasons, as he slaps Sherlock's face left, right, left, sending his head lolling. He must have bitten his lip because a small rivulet of blood runs down his chin.
“I want to push a speculum inside you, fill you to the rim with ice cubes made from frozen pepper oil and watch as they slowly melt inside you. Can you imagine how that would feel, stinging oil slowly flooding your sensitive guts? You would whimper and moan and it would be so delicious, agony for hours on end.”
Sherlock sighs. Better not draw it out any longer. He removes his jacket, unbuttons his shirt and sheds his trousers, folding his clothes to put them neatly onto the chair.
A few minutes later, John comes back. He's wearing snug gardening gloves by now and seems to have gathered an array of plants which he lays down next to the tree. As it is getting really dark by now, he fetches his backpack and retrieves a portable LED camping light. It's very bright and casts the scenery in sharp, edgy shadows amid pools of whiteness. Almost instantly, moths start to circle the tree.
His face hits the floor and he tastes blood as the hand holding his head up is abruptly removed. At the same time the iron grip to his arm loosens as John gets up quickly and storms into the hall, slamming the door shut. By the time Sherlock has got to his feet he can hear the front door downstairs closing. Blood drips from his lip and nose. His dressing gown hangs open and his erection juts out in front of him, accusingly, obscene.
“You might need a second bedding if you are to stay in Will's room with him.” Sherlock’s mother looks at John from under her lashes. Will, not Sherlock. John's not sure what she’s asking him. “I think we do still have that folding bed in the garage.” John looks straight back at her and nods.
“The next arse you'll eat out will be mine. I'll have you on it for hours, until your jaw hurts so badly that you won't be able to talk for the rest of the day. What a way to shut that mouth of yours up for good, your tongue up my arse.”
After fifteen strikes, John stops. Sherlock is by now panting heavily, biting his lips so as not to cry out and attract attention.
Only when they reach the footage of Sherlock squirming in agony on the gynaecological chair do they order him to speed up. John grabs Sherlock's hair and pulls him down, fucking his mouth until he gags.
“Yes... what?” That honeyed tone again, while the hand between his legs slowly unbuttons Sherlock's fly.
He's wanted to suck on the prolapse a bit more, but he's also aware that the man needs to get it shoved back inside if he's not to risk some permanent damage.
John gives Sherlock a stern look that shuts him up at once. Sherlock takes a deep breath but still turns his head away as John takes his flaccid penis in his gloved hand and holds it into the jar.
“Please...” Sherlock gasps, without knowing what exactly he's asking for. It's just... his knees feel like jelly and he has trouble to stay upright without John holding him. He slumps forward, resting his brow on John's shoulder, fumbling to push his jacket down and off.
Sherlock tries to move fast, to headbutt that lurking spectre, but he's too woozy and Moriarty not close enough. Instead, an icy hand tightens around Sherlock's throat and squeezes as he's pushed back down.
He arrives at Leinster Gardens just about ten past eleven. The traffic has been hellish. He knows those empty houses Sherlock proclaims to have won at a card game years ago from some of their stakeouts. They are eerily beautiful by night but rather unassuming and dilapidated during the day.
Sherlock lowers his head. His hands rest on his thighs, balled into fists. His nipple rings shine in the sunlight streaming through the curtains. He's not quite in the right frame of mind. Tension radiates from his body.
“Take it. Swallow.” John hisses, and Sherlock drools even more as his throat muscles spasm around John's cock until he retches painfully and his vision goes dark.
“You know, those are fantasies, right? I'm not making you do these things for real, not anymore.” John explains, mumbling into Sherlock's still come-streaked hair.
“Spread your legs.” Sherlock does and John gently pries his arse cheeks apart. As he peels the by now almost dry flannel away that he'd placed there last night as a cold compress, he sees that Sherlock's hole is still bright red, swollen yet slack. At least he's stopped bleeding.
“I have to make a call.” Sherlock declares and strides off into the living room. John hurries to follow.
“Don't move. Just feed yourself my come. I'll take care of you.” John gently tugs and swears that he can feel Sherlock's cock outright pulsating in his palm.
“Then I propose you make good use of his skill set and let him eat your arse out. No, wait, first stuff his greedy hole with something big. What else do you have on your desk? Mind, it should be a little bigger than a fountain pen.”
Sherlock searches for his brother, his anchor in this somewhat unexpected scenario. Mycroft steps up next to him and leads him into the middle of the room.
He pulls on each ring simultaneously until Sherlock's nipples are elongated and stretched almost past endurance. In response, Sherlock makes desperate keening noises at the back of his throat, probably begging John to stop, but John doesn't care.
“I am your comeslut.” Sherlock sobs into the camera as ejaculate drips out of his mouth, running down his chin.
It's dark outside when Sherlock hears the front door downstairs opening. Listening, he can make out five different pairs of feet ascending the seventeen steps, accompanied by unfamiliar loud, rough voices laughing and talking.
“You must be my appointment, Mr Holmes? I'm Toby.” Mycroft gestures towards Sherlock, who is suddenly very much aware that he still has dried come on his face and in his hair, is in high-heels and wears nothing but latex and a cock cage beneath his heavy woollen coat.
So, this is it. When I started this back in November last year, I had no idea that this story would grow into such a monster. It even got some plot! I hope you are at least a little satisfied with my solution.
“Lie down.” John gasps, and Sherlock hurries to comply, shuffling up before rolling onto his back. John towers over him, bracketing his lithe body on hands and knees, looking his fill before diving down, invading Sherlock's mouth with tongue and teeth.
Sherlock tries to get his breathing back under control while staring at the pile of fabric on the floor. It looks like mat black neoprene. He shivers, imagining being confined in it for the night, unable to escape once it had been fastened around him. Is he truly ready for this?
John takes Mycroft’s place behind Sherlock, watching enrapt as come oozes out of Sherlock's still twitching hole. Filming Mycroft fuck his little brother had made him so hard it almost hurts. He needs to fuck this arse as well right now.
Kate seems to have got a fairly thorough beating already. Her naked body is covered in welts. She's bleeding from her nose as well. Her meticulously pinned-up ginger hair has come loose in parts and is spilling over her shoulders. She's crying, but still holds herself upright as her employer delivers another hard blow. And another; hitting the maid over her chest. Her full white breasts tremble slightly from the impact.
“Yes.” John whispers, bending forward to brush his hard, glistening cock down over Sherlock's exposed cleft. Sherlock moans and bucks in response, silently begging for John to push inside him and take him, but John just continues to tease, rubbing his fat cockhead against Sherlock's rim again and again. Sherlock whimpers with need, rocking back, circling his pelvis. His hole is shiny with John's precome and it looks so very inviting that John is close to losing control and just go for it. He remembers how tight Sherlock is...
“Then I suggest we give him a challenge.” Mycroft just talks over Sherlock as if his brother wasn't in the same room. Sherlock is reduced to a toy, a plaything, and that's exactly what he wants to be right now for his big brother – and for John.
After some time John returns to the kitchen, wrapped in a towel himself, and takes in Sherlock's effort. The linoleum is dry and smells of bleach.
As he glances up at his brother and John, Mycroft scrapes some cake from his plate. “Help yourself, bitch.” He grins salaciously. And Sherlock does, his tongue darting out to lick the mushy residue from the carpet, sucking it up until it's clean.
Instead of an explanation, John holds needle and twine in front of Sherlock's perplexed face. “You’ll sew your mouth shut. Now!” He demands.
Sorry, I know I'm a bit reluctant by way of communicating, I need to keep my distance to be able to write down these scenarios. But last week, this story, that started out as some dirty little pwp and somehow developed into a 70+k smut monster, passed 20.000 hits. Twentythousand hits! I'm gobsmacked. And I want to thank each and every one of you: for reading, commenting, subscribing, bookmarking, leaving kudos. This really means a lot to me. It's a pleasure to make you all happy! I'm so glad that I'm not alone with my filthy fantasies. I hope you'll all continue to enjoy them.
They both giggle. “Been there, done that, I thought?” John smirks, and then they both start to snigger helplessly.
When they park the car, Sherlock slowly sits up and peers outside, looking up at the mansion. There are a few windows lit. Mycroft must have instructed the housekeeper.
“Bacialo.” Acri whispers into the boys ear and he leans a little forward until his face is just inches away from Sherlock's. Two of his fingers lift Sherlock's chin so their eyes can meet. The boy's are a surprising cold blue.
“Can you hear that, Mycroft? That is your filthy brother, licking his juices from the phone he'd just had up his tight little pussy...”
Mycroft obviously knows what he's doing. Just as Sherlock's eyes start to roll back in his head he loosens the belt a fraction, allowing Sherlock to suck in some air, more a reflex than a conscious decision to breathe. When the colour of his face has somewhat returned to normal after a few moments, however, Mycroft tightens the belt again. They do this a few times over, until John feels Sherlock's hole clamp down around him. He's coming, coughing, gasping, and John can't stop himself any longer, can't deny himself the pleasure of spilling deep inside Sherlock. He claws to his slim waist as he fucks Sherlock hard and fast, riding his orgasm out as Sherlock starts to buck and jerk beneath him due to serious oxygen deprivation.
As she follows John’s gaze, she smiles, removes her silly cap and darkened glasses and wiggles her toes. “Do you like that, John? Isn’t it too tarty? I tried to keep it classy.”
John's free hand moves to the middle of Sherlock's chest to hold him in position while his wrist rotates inside Sherlock's opening again and again. He doesn't push in any deeper, but neither does he pull out. The stretch is agonising, as are the movements, continuously widening Sherlock at the most vulnerable part of his body, reducing him to a sobbing mess. All the while, John ruts against his backside, not hard enough to get off but only to tease Sherlock and remind him of what he's missing.
“Gorgeous, Sherlock. God, this looks so hot. You are so open for me. So good.” John's hands are fluttering all over Sherlock's arse and back, caressing, waiting until Sherlock gets accustomed to the pain, the discomfort; the feeling of being opened beyond what he thought possible. His body giving in to the pressure, obeying, yielding.
He's told to open his mouth so they can take turns spitting into it. Sherlock has to swallow it all.
“I think I keep you like this for a while.” John murmurs into Sherlock's ear. “Who knows, Mycroft tends to pay us surprise visits now and then. Or Mrs Hudson might come up. Perhaps even Greg needs your help. And then they'll see you like this, with your leaking cock, soiling yourself. I imagine you can feel the plug up your arse as well, don't you?”
“Sherlock, your face is in no condition to get fucked. It'll need a few more days to heal. Patience.” John sighs, at the moment totally content with Sherlock's elegant fingers wrapped around his shaft. “Put your other hand on my balls again. That's it.”
“Ouch.” Dimmock pulls a face as he follows Sherlock into the bedroom. John shakes his head and trails behind, putting on a pair of nitrile gloves. The memory of the last time he wore some makes his cock throb; he's glad he decided on the longer coat instead of the Haversack jacket.
“I stayed the first night at Molly's. Mycroft never took her seriously. The next day, I dyed my hair, borrowed some of her baggy dresses and took the Eurostar to Paris. As you've seen, there are no border controls. My French is passable. I slept at shelters for homeless women for a few nights until someone from the homeless network came over from London and provided me with some cash. I think Anderson and Molly both chipped in. With that, I took buses through the North of France and Belgium until I arrived here. I went by the name of Violet Smith. I had already ordered a credit card in her name and transferred some money into that account over the last week in London. She in turn distributed it to various accounts. I had to be careful as not to attract Mycroft's attention. He monitors my funds scrupulously.” Sherlock smirks.
John strokes his cock while watching. As the laptop is angled away from his field of vision, Sherlock can only listen to the explicit noises and licks his lips in anticipation, getting more and more desperate by the minute. Yet John doesn't as much as glance at him, in fact he completely ignores Sherlock while indulging in dirty flicks on the internet. Currently, a young, pale actor in tight leather trousers is sucking off an older partner, his hairless chest heaving while he takes the massive cock deep, sucking it greedily down his throat, saliva running down his chin. From time to time, the man's he's servicing pulls him off by his dark curls and slaps him, before shoving his prick back into that willing, eager mouth until the boy is retching, his throat visibly constricting.
He imagines calloused fingers tightening around his stiff cock as the plumber – seriously? What clichéd tricks is his brain playing on him? – starts to stroke him. The man smells of stale smoke, tea, sweat and something oily-metallic as he hisses into Sherlock’s ear:
“Did you hire someone to pinch my phone? Jesus, Sherlock...” John shakes his head in exasperation as he sinks back onto the mattress.
As if to push his boundaries even further, Mycroft turns the vibrator to the highest setting. He obviously enjoys the effect, watching Sherlock's body going rigid. Sherlock's useless, caged cock dangles between his thighs, clad in glossy rubber stockings, and starts to leak again as the vibrator relentlessly buzzes against his prostate. Sherlock can't escape the almost painful stimulation, he just has to endure it.
“Poor thing.” John says, a wicked glint in his eyes. He squeezes. Sherlock yelps in shock. John closes his hand only tighter until Sherlock is trembling all over, fisting his hands into the sheets. He's panting hard through his nose in a futile attempt not to scream as tears well up behind is closed eyelids.
“I might even let you make the ice cubes yourself, so you could decide on the concentration of the solution... then I'd have you warm up the speculum with your hands, kneeling on the floor, perhaps next to the toilet. You'd have to beg me for hours to use it on you, until the cubes are frozen. Then I'd make you spread yourself for me as wide as you can, lube up your hole and ask me again to put the speculum inside you. You'd explain to me why you needed it...”
He stays in bed a little longer, watching John sigh in his sleep as he turns on his back. Sherlock moves closer, smelling John's sweat, feeling the heat radiating from his body. He wants to taste him, lick the hollow of his throat, suck at the wiry hair of his armpit, press his lips against his sacrum, suck at his toes until John squirms and laughs while his cerulean eyes go dark and his hands tighten in Sherlock's hair.
He has no idea how Sherlock is about to react to this. There's erratic movement beneath the sheets, and then Sherlock climbs over him, all elbows and knees, and is gone.
When Sherlock finally collapses and his shivering body sinks forward John massages his strained back. Sherlock's balancing his weight onto his partly submerged forearms, his face just inches away from the rank surface of the gunk he's forced to crouch in. As he's panting uncontrollably, the dirty water ripples beneath his incoherently mumbling mouth. He seems talking more to himself than to John while violent sobs shake his wrecked body.
“Come on, fuck yourself on my big, hard cock.” He growls into Sherlock's ear, and Sherlock starts to bounce up and down in his lap, impaling himself on his cock. It must brush his prostate with every thrust, because Sherlock keens with abandon; the pain from the deep cuts seems almost forgotten, wiped out by pleasure, yet warm blood starts to pool in the vee of John's jeans around his crotch, mixing with the lube dripping from Sherlock's arsehole into some kind of sanguine additive.
John kneels in front of Sherlock and gets the ketamine form his bag. He draws up a syringe before swiping a piece of cotton wool drenched in antiseptic over the sensitive skin at the crook of Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock watches, wide-eyed, as the needle sinks into his vein. John can almost immediately see his eyelids droop a little. At least, Sherlock won't remember much of what'll be done to him. The pain perception will be reduced as well.
Luckily, there's this guy at the bar, fluent in both English and German, who, after putting his newspaper down, helps John translate his order. They strike up a conversation, Sherlock recommending the Pinot Gris he's drinking. Soon, they are discussing wine before moving on to other topics: the weather, the pound, Brexit...
With that, Greg finally stops his thrashing and starts to twist the plug, very slowly pulling it out.
Eventually, when Sherlock gets too loud and starts to seriously gasp in agony while sobbing uncontrollably, John orders him to stuff his pants into his mouth. Sherlock crawls forward and does as he's told.
Sherlock's hole is still empty as it has suffered from the Tiger Balm. A plug might be too much right now, John reckons, but nonetheless he wants to put something inside Sherlock. His gaze finds his chop sticks on the table. Now, that could be a nice idea...
“I have some shopping to do. Take a cab over to NYS and apologies to Greg. Thoroughly. Afterwards, you come back home and I'll dress you up like the slut you are.”
Suddenly, he can feel his stomach being flooded with liquid. John must have opened the clasp on the urine bag. It's true, Sherlock can't taste it, but the knowledge of his stomach slowly being filled with piss is impossibly arousing. It's still lukewarm. And he can't do anything about it. There is no resistance. They've made him into an orifice. He has no choice but to take it.
Sherlock's obedience turns John even more on. Without much ado he pulls the glass plug from Sherlock's rectum, watching enrapt as the empty hole flutters and leaks the rest of the lube.
“Urine is mostly sterile. He'd have to catch it with his mouth. It should be fine.” John shrugs. “Or you save it for later, when we can administer it in a less messy way.”
“But I thought I was just... an assignment?” Sherlock sounds confused, his finger tracing the outline of John's lower lip until John grabs his wrist and plants an fierce kiss at the centre of Sherlock's palm.
“Stop. Stop! Wait here.” John tugs himself back in and leaves a scowling Sherlock behind as he quickly sprints naked into the kitchen to retrieve an empty water bottle.
But instead of relieving him of the toy, John fetches Sherlock a glass of water first and makes sure he drinks it before pulling him to his feet. Due to the plug, Sherlock can't stand upright and has to walk slightly bend forward. John guides him on shaky legs over to the bed where he's allowed to sit down.
John inflicts a gash, and another, carving inked skin open, slashing to the bone. Blood drips down the sides of Sherlock's waist, running down his cleft, dripping onto the duvet. The red crimson covering the silver base of the plug reminds John of surgical instruments after an operation. And isn't that what they are performing here? Amputating a limb, John claiming his pound of flesh.
He lets him lick his fingers clean afterwards, one at a time, before carefully pulling Sherlock back into bed, tugging him in. He's boneless and pliant. John kisses the nape of his neck and closes his eyes, not bothering to put out the light again. He doesn't like total darkness. He wants to see Sherlock when he wakes up. Sherlock shuffles a bit under the sheets before his breath evens out and he goes back to sleep.
“I just think the idea incredibly hot.” John confesses. “And wasn’t it you that’d brought this up, initially?”
John saunters off, leaving Sherlock impaled and hurting in their kitchen. He could get up, but he feels no inclination to do so. If John wants him like this, he will endure it for as long as it takes.
Sherlock seems to hesitate a second before bending down, moving a bit stiffly. He looks at the dildo and blushes a little (perhaps because it reminds him of the toy currently pushed up his still sore arse) then scrutinizes the knots. He has to kneel on the bed to take a good look, and John delights himself in the fantasy how the plug inside Sherlock must shift and graze over his prostate as he pushes his bum up in the air. God, the man is a tease! John decides there and now to fuck Sherlock so hard later that he will see stars.
Eventually, John takes a few steps into the room, coming to stand in front of Sherlock. He picks up the riding crop, but instead of striking Sherlock with it he puts it aside onto the desk. Sherlock looks up, and even in the dim light his perplexity shows.
“John, a word, please.” Mycroft stops John in the corridor in front of Sherlock's private room – a small luxury Mycroft has arranged for – barring him from entering.
“No touching until everything is healed, except cleaning the piercing once a day. Then re-apply a patch. It should take about a week to heal superficially, but you have to be considerate for a few months. Don't play too hard, guys. Otherwise you risk infection.”
John doesn't care. He unties Sherlock's ankles, peels the remnants of his panties away from his arse, nudges Sherlock's knees apart, and stills.
John raises his head and looks her square in the face. Her pale eyes are large, pleading, and a little sad. The short copper curls framing her long face seem strange, yet utterly attractive in combination with her fair skin, her cheekbones even more prominent, subtly highlighted by rouge.
He passes the time by imagining all the ways they might administer him his own in piss in the morning. Oh, how lucky he is to have fallen prey to these two men.
Sherlock starts to read the article, his eyes suddenly bright and focused, rapidly scanning the page from left to right.
“No, that's the point.” John sighs and finally looks at him, pinching he bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger.
“You want it straight form the tab?” John asks while opening his own fly. Sherlock scoots closer, greedily opening his mouth, feeling the chop sticks still inside himself as he moves. John presses the tip of his soft cock onto Sherlock's lower lip and just lets his urine flood Sherlock's mouth. He slurps it down with gusto and even sucks John's glans into his mouth to actually milk John's cock with his lips. John still has one hand in his hair to steady him and keep him from swallowing him down. This is not supposed to be a blow job.
When he pushes his tongue inside that strained mouth next to the massive cock already filling it, the boy makes a somewhat desperate noise, erratically grinding his hips against Sherlock's thigh. God, it feels so good! If he'd only be allowed to come, he'd spill a massive load all over the tiles. He's sure John would make him lick it up again afterwards.
It had started with the boy Acri had called his pig lubing up his own hand and shoving it inside himself, in full view of his audience. His hand had been swallowed surprisingly easy, accompanied by a deep moan, but the awkward angle meant that he couldn't reach deep enough inside himself.
“Never, John. I swear. I'm yours.” Sherlock promises, and his vow is affirmed as John cuts him again and he willingly lets him. John's pupils dilate just before he lowers his head to Sherlock's neck to suck his warm blood from his throat.
John has uncuffed Sherlock from the radiator, but now his wrists are tied with gaffer tape behind his back. Sherlock can't use his hands to brace himself, he has to rely solely on his abdominal muscles to balance his weight, which makes the process of eating rather sloppy and very messy. Rice and vegetable drop onto the floor, and quickly Sherlock's face is smeared with greasy stains. The longer it takes, the harder it becomes for Sherlock to hold himself up, and after about ten minutes he almost slumps face down into the bowl. He pants into the mess he's made, and John can see the effort it takes Sherlock to get up again. Rice and sauce stick to his face and hair, filling his nostrils; his chin and cheeks are glistening with fat.
“Understandable.” Acri doesn't take his eyes of Sherlock. “But perhaps you wouldn't mind joining me in a private session, catering better to your deviant tastes?”
Sherlock takes a deep breath, gets up and limps over to their large wardrobe. John watches him, sitting down onto the bed. He sees Sherlock fetch his leather belt.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock breathes. “And I haven't eaten since. I'm ready for you, whenever you want me.”
“Gorgeous.” John's finally reaching out and caresses the taut muscle with his index and middle finger, rubbing the slippery, stretched sphincter. Sherlock had to use a lot of lube that is now oozing out of his hole. As the hollow plug prevents him from clenching, he’s literally dripping slick onto the carpet like a horny slut would from her wet cunt. His caged cock joins in as a clear bead on precome drizzles from its metal confinement.
“Hmm, he's still so tight.” Lestrade sighs, lazily caressing Sherlock's reddened arsecheeks with one hand.
“Sherlock. Sher-lock.” The singsong voice calls him but he doesn't want to listen, doesn't want to respond. His head falls forward and hits something slightly squishy, cold and soft. It feels odd. He tries to concentrate, to focus on his movements, but there's not much room to manoeuvre; he can't escape, can't get away.
“Hm, at least there's still some lube up your arse. I think I will just plug you with a bigger one, then go to the shops and get some proper lube.”
“And you hate filth. Yet, you want to watch me wet myself.” Sherlock arches an eyebrow, looking smug.
Now it's Mycroft's turn to pale. John keeps very still as the two brothers engage in one of their legendary staring matches.
Sherlock can feel his brother's fingers inside him form a fist and push deeper. Mycroft glides in all the way up to his elbow, and Sherlock hums in pleasure. He imagines being able to actually see the outline of his brother’s hand beneath the skin and muscle of his empty belly, witnessing how it invades his body, penetrating places never touched before. His brother’s bare arm feels different compared to the gloved hand, warmer; alive.
Sherlock is kneeling in the middle of the bed in front of the bowl, with John and Acri at each side, undulating his hips. All the while, the sound moves inside his cock, and he's aware that percome is leaking from the chastity belt, running down his inner thighs. Yet he can't help it.
“Get the lube out. I want this to be easy for you.” John tells him. Sherlock's right hand scrambles blindly inside the drawer of John's bedside cabinet, searching for the lube, when his fingers suddenly grasp something heavy, oily, metallic. He takes it out and gapes at it while John sheds his pants.
Sherlock needs a moment to process that. “Oh.” He looks down where John's hand is still skimming over is body, his soft cock nuzzled in a nest of damp dark curls, not black but more a dark auburn. “You mean...”
“Can I show you what I want?” Sherlock asks into the stretching silence, sounding a little uncertain.
When he's finished, he's unsure how to proceed, offering the bottle to John. It feels warm in his hands, his fresh urine sloshing around in it.
Sherlock swallows and is about to say something, but John steps up next to him and puts a steadying hand on his upper arm.
The bath did help Sherlock to relax and loosen his muscles. Now he feels warm and a bit sleepy as he kneels on all four on a clean towel spread out on his bedroom floor, with John squatting next to him, slowly stroking his back. Sherlock's head hangs low between his elbows, so he can watch what John is doing in the large wardrobe mirror behind him. At the moment, he's slowly twisting the plug inside Sherlock, trying to loosen his entrance a bit more before pulling the first ridge free.
“So, this was the best you could come up with? A soldier and a consulting detective... running straight home to Mummy and Daddy?” Mycroft almost sneers as his anger briefly shows.
“Show me.” John says, sounding intrigued. He leans against the wall next to the door and Sherlock sinks down onto his knees next to him without being told. Mario acknowledges his behaviour with an approving nod.
Sherlock closes his eyes and drifts, going under; his mind expands, wrapping itself around their problem, tossing and turning it around in his head. As he enters an up until now unknown level of concentration, he opens doors in his mind palace that were previously kept locked. Suddenly, the puzzle pieces fall into place, one after another. A plan is forming in Sherlock's over-stimulated brain. He suddenly knows what they'll have to do. But he'll need some time to figure out the details. He'll start when John is finished with him for tonight. Which he hopes will not be too soon. The feeling of the cloth pins biting his flesh is exquisite, and the long hard needle up his cock is an indescribable sensation, even better than the the catheter. Sherlock sighs behind his gag and smiles a little as darkness falls over London with the promise of another night filled with lust and pain.
But Sherlock can’t think anymore. He feels totally spend. His penis is still half-hard and aching with a burning pain. It feels like a rasp has been shoved up his urethra, grating his insides with every move. He hasn’t even registered that Mycroft had removed his finger. When John carefully lowers him back to the ground, he’s unable to support himself anymore and limply hangs onto the rope, swaying slightly, his head lolling on his shoulders.
At this, Sherlock eyes eventually flicker over to really look at the stranger John has brought with him: athletic, with submissive tendencies, a bottom but not really into BDSM, on Grindr, likes anonymous encounters, has been in a long-distance relationship for some years but split up recently, works with his hands, but not a builder, a carpenter maybe...
“I... I love to finger... my little pisshole, for you. Because I'm... I’m a dirty cunt. I want to you watch me... putting my finger inside me.” Sherlock stammers, underscoring his words by trying to push his finger in even deeper until his face contorts in pain. He looks pleadingly up at John, yet stays quiet.
“You are still way too eloquent.” John chuckles as he pushes the ice cube over the swell of Sherlock's arse and between his cheeks. Sherlock sucks in a sharp breath as the cold hits his tight pucker. “Spread your legs a little.”
“Did anyone see this mysterious third person leave?” Sherlock enquires matter-of-factly, trying to get back to business. Accusations won't lead them anywhere.
Sherlock nods. John has him kneel down onto floor boards, covered with some kind of squishy black plastic pad to ease the discomfort while making it simple to clean, and slowly works the toy inside Sherlock. He uses lots of lube, teasing Sherlock's entrance, until he squirms and bucks in front of him, on the edge once again despite the cock ring. The movement tugs on the piercings again. It's delicious.
Sherlock does, keeping it level with John's cock while John fills it to the rim with dark yellow piss. The rich smell of morning urine spreads through the kitchen. Only this time, Sherlock is not allowed to drink it.
In his desperation, he had tried humping his pillow but - of course - to no avail. He’d just felt chafed afterwards. The only thing that brought him some relieve was milking his balls, which he did by fingering himself until he found the bundle of nerves inside his rectum. As he rubbed his prostate for hours, clear fluid started to leak out of his trapped cock, which he gathered in a jug. Imagining John’s voice in his head ordering him to drink it, he obeyed, slowly slurping up his own thin ejaculate with a straw. He wished John could watch him. But that was impossible right now. All Sherlock was able to do was to film himself on his phone to show John later. He had to admit that he looked deliciously debauched, sipping his own come as if it was some exotic cocktail. Perhaps he should add a cherry...
“Remember, no one's to touch you. But you may look your fill.” John's mouth very gently brushes Sherlock's hot cheek.
“God, look how needy he is. Won't you give him a little treat, Ormond? He's been so good.” Acri asks.
Mycroft's finger only flutter over Sherlock's skin, yet his pulse speeds up visibly, hammering in his throat. For a few seconds, Mycroft's lips hover just and inch away from Sherlock's impossible mouth, pink and promising, until he finally leans in and closes the last bit of distance.
Sherlock can sense John getting angry because he frowns and as takes the glass away, cocking his head characteristically. “You think this will help you?” He asks. “I'm afraid your stubborn behaviour will only add to your humiliation.” John smacks Sherlock's face hard, once, before he spits into the glass and holds it back up to Sherlock's mouth.
“Undress, I run you that bath.” John whispers, squeezing Sherlock's sore groin one last time. “The pleasures mother nature offers...”
“Who knows? The more dodgy we look, the deeper the police will dig. So we better volunteer. Or solve the murder for them, quickly, so they won't have to investigate us.”
“John I... I can't do this... right now. God!” Sherlock pants as John drives the plug further inside him regardless.
He's interrupted by a knock on the door of the flat. Sherlock sets the laptop down onto the bed, where John takes over browsing the web again, puts on a dressing gown and walks into the corridor.
A quarter of an hour later, they sit on the bed, Sherlock still just wearing those silky panties, as he apparently has only female clothes with him here. John finds this utterly arousing and very appealing, even though he wants as much pure male Sherlock for their reunion as possible.
John gently manoeuvres him into the shower and washes him carefully. Blood, come and piss run down the drain. Afterwards, John patches Sherlock up as best as he can. Sherlock tries to stifle his groans as John tends to his wounds, applying antiseptics and ointment, but can't quite keep from hissing. Before John deals with the burns marring Sherlock's balls and perineum, he has to swallow a few times to keep his hands steady.
John quickly unlocks the cuffs around Sherlock's ankles, then reaches over the pile of bloodied garments to retrieve the mobile.
Sherlock being Sherlock, he indulges into bondage; perhaps a bit too much for John's liking. He's about to teach him a lesson.
John knows he should explain to Sherlock that ignoring feelings, being degraded and objectified, is not what their relationship is about. On the contrary, John wants for Sherlock to be able to explore his emotional requirements, to accept them and come to terms with them. He should be confident and aware in his surrender, not simply sliding deeper and deeper into this deranged, dissociative headspace,
“I know. But these people won't let you near them. They are very suspicious. Paranoid even.” Sherlock sits back up on his heels and holds John's gaze with his gleaming, sea-blue eyes.
“Thirteen!” Sherlock screams, the muscles in his back flexing beneath his skin every time he hears the whistling of the crop in the air and feels its draught just before the impact. John loves how he falls apart in front of him, allows him to see how vulnerable, how human he is.
the man in his fantasy says as Sherlock‘s hips try to buck up into thin air. No friction – no release.
Sherlock sighs and frowns. “I can't deal with that without coffee.” He gets up and stalks into the shower.
John empties his bladder three times that day into Sherlock's gaping arse while he has to kneel and take it, the urine spilling over and sloshing inside him until John tells him to sit up. The piss gushes out of him, running down his legs, yet he's not allowed to wash. In the evening, he feels smelly and so very filthy that he dares to beg for a shower, cowering at John's feet, his face pressed into another pool of piss that he was told to slobber up. In reply, John kicks him so hard between the legs that he almost vomits. Needless to say, Sherlock has to sleep like this, with the tunnel plug up his arse, drenched in piss, with the added humiliation of his soiled sweat pants pulled over his head. The smell of urine surrounds him as he cries himself to sleep, the sharp taste of piss lingering on his tongue.
When they eventually get up, Sherlock would have slumped forward and probably crashed face first into the mirror had John not held him upright. “Easy...”, he murmurs, and Sherlock giggles again before turning to kiss John almost chaste on the lips, just one short peck, his gaze lingering as if he’s about to ask a question, but then decides against it.
“I want to put you inside of it for the night.” Sherlock can hear the hint of a question mark at the end of the sentence. He knows that he could opt out if this now. But he doesn't want to, despite knowing that this will put him right at John's mercy. But hadn't he been there for quite a long while already?
For the next ten minutes, John just leaves him hanging from the tree. Sherlock wallows in the different sensations his body is experiencing – the stinging, the burning, the stretch and pull at his extremities – while John, by the sound of it, takes a sip of water before wandering off again.
He tries to take deep breaths. He's counting the minutes ticking by. There are limits even to what he's able and willing to endure. Soiling himself, sitting for hours in his own excrements, is not on. He won't allow that. His body will obey him! That's all Sherlock concentrates on right now.
His tight pink hole is already twitching in anticipation. His hairless balls hang heavy between his legs.
“But I don't need proof, John. I just need to print it. If I write that your little slut here likes to take it up the arse, getting... what is the crude word you English use?... Ah, yes, getting dicked down by total strangers while you watch, people will take delight in all those filthy details. Who cares if they are true? But we both know they are.” The smile on Magnussen's face doesn't falter, making John's stomach turn. He can sense Sherlock tensing up next to him.
He knows that he could have killed Sherlock tonight, and that Sherlock would have let him, willingly. They are living in symbiosis, a co-dependent unit. They belong together. It's beautiful.
“I did just send him a picture of you, with your right hand up your own arse. I’m sure he’s by now already unbuttoning his fly, playing with his fat cock while looking at his little brother doing unspeakable things. I bet he gets off on it.”
He drags the almost unconscious man up and slings his free arm around Sherlock's midriff. Eight men in differing states of undress and inebriation stare at him, yet John doesn't waver. Instead, he points his revolver at Mycroft and fixes him with a cold stare.
Mark spreads his knees a little wider, changing the angle, and suddenly almost howls as the dildo hits his sweet spot. He circles his hips a few times before fucking himself in earnest now. Sherlock tastes blood as his lip is split from Mark's forceful movements. His back is glistening, slick with sweat. Sherlock wants to taste it.
Acri leans back on the mattress and watches as Sherlock empties one condom after the other on his tongue, swallowing it down.
Sherlock staggers towards the chair, turns, spreads his legs and sinks backwards until he can feel the wet tip nudge his entrance. It's been more than a week since he had something up his arse, and when John had repaired the damage done by the Great Dane he had tightened his by then somewhat loose hole a bit. Therefore, it’s not that easy to take the large dildo. Yet Sherlock knows that the spit will quickly run down the silicone, so if he wants to profit from the sparse lubricant provided, he'll better act fast. Therefore, he forces the toy up inside him, trying to relax as best he can.
“Beautiful.” Mycroft says, his voice full of warmth and admiration, flicking the base of the toy one last time before giving Sherlock's balls a firm squeeze.
Sherlock nods weakly while a dull throb starts spreading in his neck. A thin streak of blood runs down  his chest. Mycroft follows the crimson trickle with his eyes in the mirror while drawing the tip of his tongue over the bite mark he just left. Sherlock almost recoils as he tries to get his breathing back under control, but, otherwise, stays very still.
Sherlock raises his head and looks up at John, his eyes dark. “Yes, John.” He whispers, licking his lips, leaving them wet and shiny pink. John pushes his thump inside and lets Sherlock suck it, stroking his pale cheek with his free hand.
“I know!” Sherlock sounds frantic. “Please, Charles... I was desperate. I was so stupid. But I'm sure we can come to a mutual arrangement.” Sherlock seductively lets his voice drop an octave at the end of the sentence.
Sherlock is called on a case and discovers some disturbing facts. Beware, this is rather dark and brutal. Mentions of child sex trafficking (not Sherlock or John related, though). This chapter also got quite plotty-ish. If that's not your cup of tea, just skip the first part.
Sherlock wants it so badly by now that he spreads his legs like a needy whore and offers his stretched hole to John, moaning “Please... please... I need you. Fill me with your cock.” His head lolls on his neck as his whole body convulses in front of John.
Sherlock turns and shuffles in the direction of the bench on which Acri is sitting, his eyes still heavy-lidded with lust. When he comes to kneel in the vee between Acri's open thighs he can see that his cock is still half-hard, the foreskin retracted. White come sticks in its folds, and some has dried around the slit or has congealed in his dark, trimmed pubic hair.
Sherlock's mouth parts on its own volition and Mycroft withdraws with a huff of laughter, his breath warm on Sherlock's trembling lips.
Irene sighs and drops into a fluffy armchair as if her strings had been cut, unaware of the tension between the brothers. Anderson hurries over to hand her a drink, which she accepts without looking up at the man.
Sherlock wakes up when John sets himself up in his room. The folding bed is old, and John very much doubts he will make use of it, but for the sake of modesty he unfolds it. He’s not sure how Sherlock or his parents would take the reveal of the nature of their relationship. So he stays with friend and flatmate for the time being. It’s already complicated enough.
John's mouth has fallen open as he watches, his pink tongue darting out, its tip resting on his lower lip. Suddenly, Mark arches his spine and grips both sides of Sherlock's hips to get better leverage, pressing so hard back against Sherlock's face that he fears his nose might get broken.
“I don't think so, John.” He sounds rather amused all of a sudden. “Can you image what my friends might do to her? Perhaps right now? I'm sure Sherlock can. You always loved dogs, didn't you, little brother?”
Sherlock had been too loose after Berlin due to the enormous toys they'd used back there. It had been quite the experience for both of them but in the end John had decided against them. It's true, he loves fisting Sherlock – the noises he makes when he thinks he's unable to take it, the triumphant feeling when John overpowers him, the euphoria when Sherlock surrenders and lets John have his way, the tight hug of Sherlock's rim around John's wrist – but John, as a doctor, also knows about the concomitant effects of constant distension. As tempting as the idea of being able to bend Sherlock over anytime anywhere and just push inside him is - the image of Sherlock in nappies does nothing for John.
His silent wish is granted. They spent the evening watching the films they made last night, of Mycroft and John fucking and beating Sherlock until he'd almost passed out. His screams fill the room as his ordeal plays out again on a large plasma screen.
John can feel his own cock fill in sympathy. He loves it when he's got Sherlock like this – reduced to a boneless, abased mess, humiliated, sobbing with pain, his voice raw from crying and moaning, yet still wanting more. So sensitive, so responsive – yet so insatiable as well. It's the perfect combination for a sub – at least in John's opinion.
They are ushered through dusky, silent corridors into Mycroft's office. Everything in here smells of wood, leather and, faintly, of furniture polish – very distinguished, very old-fashioned, very British. Mycroft awaits them in one of the dark-brown Chesterfield chairs that group around a lit fireplace. There's a tray with fruit and nuts on a low table nearby.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s whispers. He'll do anything to get this over with as soon as possible. If he has to flatter and cajole, he will.
A young man around Sherlock's age is dancing a little closer, looking at John from below his lashes before messily taking a sip from a water bottle. The liquid sloshes over his chin, runs down his throat and soaks his already damp white tank top, clinging to his muscular upper body. His short hair is darkish, but John can't make out the exact colour due to the flickering strobe lights. All he can see are high cheekbones, a prominent chin, broad shoulders and narrow hips clad in tiny rubber shorts. Black Doc Martens are laced up to the man's knees.
“Are you related to the patient, Sir?” A guard in an unassuming dark suit, wired with an in-ear-piece and sporting the unmistakeable bulge of a gun under his jacket, steps up as well, staring John down.
Now, John turns in his seat and stares at the man kneeling in front of him. Sherlock is trembling with need, yet trying really hard to stay as still as possible. John grins, stands up and pulls his trousers and pants down, fully freeing his cock. Sherlock licks his lips at the sight, inhaling sharply. His nostrils flare as John's tangy smell fills the space between them.
“You like that, the taste of come?” Acri asks Sherlock, who can only give a small yet enthusiastic nod. Acri pets his shoulder as a sign for Sherlock to withdraw. He sits back on his heels, eyes cast down onto the floor.
Instead of taking offence at Sherlock's condescending tone, Irene drops the riding crop and smiles. “Sergeant? Would you be so kind to take this silly bitch to the next room and start to... interrogate her. Make sure she answers to you properly.”
Sherlock obliges, one side of his face resting in his piss, his fair hair already darkening with dampness. He crosses his hands at the small of his back and John secures them there with his belt.
Bill Murray, a mate from John's army days, lives in in a terraced house Acton. It takes about half an hour drive there. House and garden look neat and tidy; a bright red door greets them. Before John helps Sherlock out of the car, he remembers to take off the leather collar still around Sherlock’s neck. No need for Bill to see that.
Because he's been a good boy, John feeds Sherlock some oranges and apple slices afterwards and even allows him to drink some water. But Sherlock misses the salty taste of piss, though, and keeps kneeling onto the floor until John has finally mercy and gives him his daily dose of urine, very pleased to watch Sherlock gulp down a whole pint of steaming hot piss.
His arms tingle when he's eventually able to lower them. John's hands steady him, for he has trouble keeping his balance after the suspension. The mask adds to this. He can't orientate himself in the room. It's disconcerting. Panic creeps up into his chest, making breathing decidedly strenuous.
They gleefully enjoy playing with the vibrator's remote; adjusting the settings makes Sherlock twitch and moan while he's sucking on his own fingers, preposterously frotting against the mattress, unable to find release.
“Ghosts don't bleed, do they?” The woman asks, voice muffled by her fingers hiding the damage. A couple is walking towards them, giving them a strange look. “Come on, let’s go, before someone arrests you for assault.”
John doesn't even remove the gun as he pushes inside Sherlock's hole. Sherlock wraps his legs around his waist and tries to relax as best he can. Despite the lack of lube, John slides in rather easy, encountering just minimal resistance. Sherlock knows better than to fight back. He has just a restricted amount of oxygen to his disposal and is not wasting it in futile rejection of the inevitable. His chest is rising and falling faster and faster.
John pulls the belt tight once more, and Sherlock makes a choking sound. John grunts: “Come on, Sherlock, ride my cock like the slut you are.” - and can suddenly feel Sherlock's hole clench, his inner muscles spasm. Sherlock comes hard, shooting thick squirts of goo all the way up the wall above the headboard, and as John watches it drip down the pale yellow wallpaper, he plunges over the edge himself, almost blacking out as he spills his come inside Sherlock's tight, spasming passage.
Sherlock just blinks at him, still dazed, wincing as he shifts a little in his seat. He's pale and looks peaky; obviously in pain. John has to hurry.
Sherlock's cock is twitching as he thinks of Mycroft, seeing him like this. Exposed. Forced. Debauched. Taking it. And loving it. Thankfully, John reaches down and wraps the fingers of his right hand around Sherlock’s erection, smearing precome all over the shaft before gripping it tightly; John's left hand is on his own cock, tugging in sync.
“My... my cock. Pour it inside my slit.” Sherlock huffs, watching intently as John raises his hand and dips the candle slightly. The liquid wax that has been pooling in its caldera drips down, hitting Sherlock's open slit. They both moan as it is swallowed, seeping down Sherlock's pisshole, the white stearin a stark contrast to the dark red flesh.
“I've already lived with you, remember, you prat?” John can't suppress the smile that creeps up into his face, crinkling the corners of his eyes.
At first, it's not just the pain. It's the humiliation. The helplessness. Being stuffed like a porker. Reduced to a shaking mess, possessed by his base bodily functions. Exposed, his suffering recorded on film, watched by other people. Do they find him disgusting? Repugnant? Or do they take delight in his anguish, his embarrassment?
“Yes, John. I like that very much.” Sherlock whispers as his eyes flutter shut while his cheeks burn with embarrassment.
“Hmmm. I think he was devoted to Acri, despite everything. The way he looked at me... I can’t picture him do something like this. Accidental asphyxiation, maybe. But not castration. One of the other three boys is much more likely. They were jealous. But I'd need a look at the evidence to be sure.”
“Good, your mouth... your filthy whoremouth. You'll service me with it today until your jaw aches, like the good slut you are. That's what you were made for.”
“Very well.” Irene condescends, albeit sceptically arching one delicate eyebrow. “I'll show you some nice little tricks at the beginning, then I let you take over for a thorough thrashing.”
“My virtue? Seriously, John?” Sherlock's grin broadens, bordering on lewd, as his long fingers creep inside John's pants. John grips his wrist, hard.
John makes Sherlock creep into the living room. The weights swing, and Sherlock gasps wantonly. His cock is dripping, rock hard by now, poking obscenely between his legs.
Sherlock's fist blindly finds his cock and starts to tug fiercely. He hasn't been allowed to come yesterday and therefore it only takes a few strokes until he can feel his balls tighten. Irene senses how close he is and starts to inflict precise little flicks of the crop to his nipples, moving down his chest until reaching his almost concave belly. The flicks get sharper there but Sherlock only makes a keening sound deep in his throat as his fist blurs on his shaft. He's leaking precome but it would feel perfect even without this lubrication.
“Have you ever seen anything like this, Ormond? Such a greedy whore, getting his ass ripped apart and ruined and loving it?” Acri asks now, his eyes never leaving the arrangement of human bodies he's choreographed.
John reaches out and takes his twitching hand between his palms, clasping at it before hissing because of his own injured hand. “Of course I stay with you, you beautiful lunatic. What is there left for me in London without you?”
The room beyond has no windows. The walls are bare brick. There's a neon tube on the ceiling, illuminating the scene in white, cold light.
Soon, he has three of John's fingers up his arse. Sherlock stares up at the spectacle unfolding, forced into the role of spectator as Mark starts to loosely fist his cock. A bead of precome drips down and lands on Sherlock's cheek. The smell of sex and musk is heavy in the room. Sherlock sighs behind his gag as he wiggles and undulates on the floor. He's getting impatient. John grins behind Mark's back and continues to finger him a little while longer until his hole feels nicely loose and slippery.
“You want more? I'll give you more. Get up.” John lets go of his cock and grabs Sherlock's shoulder  to pull him back and upright. Sherlock sways slightly on his knees because he can't use his arms to gain his balance. The rest of John's piss gushes out of him, running down the insides of his thighs. It's a disconcerting feeling. He had feared the whole day to have some sort of accident. The plug is hollow, opening him up completely. He has no control over his bowels or sphincter once its inserted. Just like John wants it. It's utterly ignominious yet turns them both on immensely.
Without a cock ring, Sherlock is dangerously on edge, but John had made it very clear that coming without permission would lead to his eyes being sewn shut as well. Therefore, Sherlock pinches the base of his cock every time he feels his orgasm approaching until John finally tells him to come while he pulses deep inside Sherlock's body.
“Well, you are only the second man to fuck him, Greg.” John says. “But I'm sure, in a few weeks, he'll be able to take us both at the same time.
When John at last removes the gag, Sherlock's mouth feels empty. Thankfully, John replaces it with Sherlock's piss soaked knickers, making him kneel on the kitchen floor with come still drying on his face as John prepares some dinner.
“You'll keep this up your arse from now on. God, I want you open like this at all times. You could become a perfect come dump, men could just jerk of inside your hole, and I could watch it run out of you again. I want to see you filled up to the rim with thick white goo, to dip my finger in and paint your body with the come of other men.”
“Sew.Your.Mouth.Shut! Or we end this right here. It's not that you need it much these days, anyway. Apart from complaining, that is.” John stares at him, waiting. But Sherlock can't move, he's literally frozen. After about thirty seconds, John turns on his heels and is about to walk out of the bathroom, when Sherlock is finally shaken out of his reverie and takes a step towards him: “I'll do it. Wait. Please, I'll do it.”
Both man take a seat on one of the sofas and watch. Sally barely glances up before she continues: “You were there to watch over the guests, you lazy whore. Now you've brought disgrace over this house and your mistress. How are you planning to make up for this?”
Sherlock closes his eyes as Toby takes what looks like a small knitting needle and brings it up to his chest.
“You know how much I like it, Doctor Watson.” Her voice was low and sweet as treacle. They lock eyes and stare intensely at each other before turning towards the two naked people in front of them.
Sherlock's tousled head appears around the doorframe. “Why don't you join me, then?” He asks, cocking an eyebrow.
Sherlock is already nicely prepared from the dildo that sits now only inches away from his face. It has been inside him for more than an hour. It must still taste of him...
“It's not about you.” John says very calmly. “And because you don't understand that, you are not what I'm looking for. Not in this way.”
He knew what would await him. Yet the sensory onslaught almost overwhelms John. The air is thick with musk (both human and animal), sour sweat and the characteristic stench of blood, piss and hard booze. All the while, Sherlock is making... noises. Desperate grunts; high pitched keens, bordering on hysterical. His unfocused eyes dart around the room, seeking rescue. He sounds raw, animalistic, not human anymore.
“God, look at this beautiful little rosebud.” He'd whispered and taken a picture of the glistening intestine to send it to Mycroft, who'd been delighted by the progress. Afterwards, John had masturbated over it while Sherlock had been allowed to lie just there on the couch, legs spread and pulled up, until John had pulsed all over the protruding colon. It had taken some time to carefully push it back inside Sherlock's body, but the strange feeling had been eased as John had told him how amazing he was. He'd even washed Sherlock that morning and administered only a small enema, as he'd been too sensitive. They couldn't risk anal fissures now that Sherlock is adapting so well. John told him that he'd wanted to see this happening more often, and Sherlock had just nodded in response, wide-eyed, as John had worshipped his anus by licking and sucking him for nearly half an hour, lapping up his own come dripping out of Sherlock's body.
First, it lies in total darkness as John pushes the indicated door open. He has to feel around to find the light switch. When the single bare light bulb dangling from the ceiling comes to life, however, the whole room is ablaze in radiant white that might have hurt the eye if it hadn’t been for the small characteristic black scrawl covering every surface from floor to ceiling. The only furniture consists of a mattress in the far corner. There’s no window, but a slightly protruding part of one wall lets John guess where it used to be before it had been covered with a pane.
Sherlock can hear low voices down the hall, some shuffling, a door closing. John must be seeing Mark out. Good, Sherlock thinks.
John obviously enjoys Sherlock's hungry stare, taking his time teasing himself. After a few minutes, he powers up his laptop and clicks through his browser history to look at some of his favourite porn videos. They mostly, but now exclusively, feature young, thin, dark-haired men, lean and boyish, being used: fucked, fingered, spanked until they scream.
Mycroft gives him a stern look before saying something to the room of people over his shoulder and following John across the hall into the study.
Sherlock spends the next two days outstretched on the sofa, thinking, his fingers steepled beneath his chin. He's wearing comfortable pyjama pants, an old, frilly t-shirt and his blue silk dressing gown. The loose garments are welcome on his still sore skin. The only sign of life are his long white toes wiggling from time to time. John supplies him with tea, biscuits and chips, leaving him in peace otherwise.
“Well, obviously, the visitors have to make an appointment in advance. In the evenings, we provide a bar for those guests who wish to... mingle, as you put it, Doctor Watson. It seems that the young girl was taken immediately downstairs by that ominous third person, presumably to make preparations, while his Lordship went over to the bar to have a drink and... to watch. For a little while. We had a session in progress. I greeted him. He obviously liked what he saw, but after about fifteen minutes he went downstairs as well.”
“You are enjoying yourself way too much down there.” John admonishes. “Lets see how much you can take.” He tugs again and Sherlock groans.
Sherlock's cock is still raw and chafed from John's beating. Nevertheless, he wraps his right hand around his shaft and starts to stroke. Sherlock would appreciate some lube to ease the soreness but is sure that John won't allow him even this little comfort, and as he's gagged he can't ask for it.
“Wait here, princess. There are a few of my friends here in custody who might appreciate your tight arse. You don’t mind, do you?”
The large gates open, revealing a rising slope behind it. The gravel crunches under their feet as they walk up to the square white house with the terracotta roof and large black window frames. The shutters are open; light and music streams onto the lawn and laurel bushes.
Sherlock has to blink a few times and swallows before he's able to follow John over the threshold. John, sensing his hesitation, takes his right hand and squeezes it reassuringly.
Around midday John unties him and takes him to the bathroom to clean him up. John washes Sherlock's face, torso and groin with a damp cloth before giving him another enema. Only this time, he has Sherlock fill the bag with his own piss.
“God, Sherlock, I'm fucking your pisshole, and you are letting me.” John whispers in his ear, his breath hot and moist on Sherlock's neck. They are both staring down at Sherlock's groin. “You know, there are rather large sounds to do this with? I think I'll get a set. And then I'll stretch your slit like I did stretch your arsehole. I want to push my finger inside you, up to the second knuckle. And I want to watch you finger yourself, your pinkie up your cock. Will you do that for me?” Sherlock stares down, fascinated, as the needle is swallowed by a hole he'd never really thought about, but like all his body's orifices, of course even his urethra is for John to use and play with. Therefore, Sherlock moans, giving his consent.
Behind the next door are Mycroft and Lestrade, leaning against a heavy mahogany desk. “We should have dinner soon”, his brother offers, his voice deep and cultured, full of dark promises. Greg nods.
John holds the thin translucent plastic tube in front of his face. “It's a bit like doing coke. I'm sure you are familiar with that. When I put this into your nostril, you should snuff. Makes it easier. When you can feel the tube enter your throat, swallow rapidly. It'll help repress the urge to throw up. Understood? Good, let's start.”
Only, there’s no wetness between his legs, despite him coming so intensely that it knocked all breath out of him. He can hear the grin in John’s voice as he says: “You can come like this, but the catheter prevents you from ejaculating. The semen will be reabsorbed by your body. Neat, don’t you think?”
Afterwards, they leave him, taking the foul bucket with them. Only when they are gone do Mycroft and John enter.
Suddenly, John is back. He kneels over him and uses a wire cutter to liberate him from this makeshift iron maiden, John's gloved fingers bending the wire apart like some knight in shining armour saving his Sleeping Beauty. John has to hold him up around his middle after pulling him back onto his feet.  They stare at each other in the mirror, Sherlock's naked body bloodied and abused, tiny holes poked into his white skin in an irregular pattern, showing clear signs of torture, while John is fully clothed, watching Sherlock with greedy eyes.
“I'm... I don't want to feel anything. John. I want the pain to drown out everything else. I want to...
There's a room with men wearing rubber and leather, with boys on leashes kneeling next to their masters, their eyes cast onto the polished floor.
Sherlock just nods. His blown pupils try to focus as he watches John touch himself. When he starts to hump the bedding, however, John puts a hand on his hip to still him.
As John points towards the tub, Sherlock clumsily climbs in, the brush still in his mouth. He has to hold his arse cheeks apart and his hole open for John to insert the shower head to clean him once more, now just with warm water. Sherlock is so loose by now that the valve fits easily inside him. He’s thankful that John had told him to empty himself before he was put into the bag. Therefore, it’s mostly blood, cleaner and a slimy substance that is washed out of him. He has to kneel in it, because John had put the stopper into the drain.
A few days?! Of this?!Sherlock blinks. He'll be good. So good. He can't endure this procedure one more time, he's sure of it. He'll do whatever it takes to avoid it.
Suddenly, almost in shock, realising that he can, John lungs forward and grabs the back of Sherlock's neck, pulling him in for a long, hard kiss. He tastes blood. Sherlock smells odd, too sweet, and his skin is too soft, not even sporting a hint of stubble. It's all wrong. It's perfect.
“I think your pet is getting jealous, Doctor Watson.” Irene tears her eyes away from John and looks back at Sherlock, a small knowing smile playing around her full red lips.
By now, John, and especially Sherlock, have attracted quite a few glances, ranging in intensity from interested to proprietorial. Sherlock keeps close to John. It's not that watching the scenes unfolding in front of him unsettles or disturbs him (they are rather mild in content, he thinks to himself, compared to what he and John have been up to) or that he's intimidated by the intimacy of strangers - he has just never liked large groups. He needs John as some kind of buffer between him and the intrusion of people in general and in this setting in particular. There are just too many possibilities on offer here for Sherlock's brain to process, so he's willing to follow John's lead which has proven to be both save and sensible.
“I promise I'll eat properly. I promise! Mycroft, please, you saw I tried...” Sherlock pleads, panic creeping into his voice.
The neoprene hugs him tightly, enhanced by ropes braided around his rubbery cage. He can breath just fine, but is unable to move. If need be, he could somehow wiggle out of the cupboard (the doors aren't locked) but it would be a challenge. He writhes a little in the sack, experiencing how strictly it holds him, how utterly helpless he is. It's intoxicating. He's lying in the dark, waiting to be used, the only sound his ragged breathing. He moans behind his gag as he bites down onto the short bulbous part pushed into his mouth, even sucking it a little. God, it's lovely, just what he needs. He wishes for it to never end. But then the end might be even sweeter than the lustful agony of anticipation.
“Just give us a call.” John offers, at which Sherlock raises his head, half dreading and half desiring this idea. John has to remind him of his duty. “Back down, you are not finished yet. Don't you get overexcited by the prospect of getting fucked stupid by some East End thugs. First you have to learn how to please me.”
“It's... nice. A little vanilla for my liking.” John turns slightly to look over at Sherlock, who's standing where he's left him, the almost empty champagne flute clutched in his hand.
He grabs the baffled pathologist by the shoulders and shakes her while shouting: “Where's Sherlock? Is he not with you?”
Sherlock spends the next half hour standing in the middle of their bedroom while John flicks off the pegs in random order. He really hopes that Sherlock's high yelps and shrill screams don't alert the neighbours. He's been thinking about fitting out 221c with soundproofing. Tonight, that would have been convenient. Luckily, the married ones and Mrs Hudson are used to all kinds of strange noises emanating from 221b. Some yelling doesn't arouse suspicion.
Sherlock is panting, small huffs of breath escaping his nose as he presses his lips shut to prevent himself from moaning.
“No, look at me.” John whispers, drawing the blade over Sherlock’s heaving sternum. Blood spills over his pale chest, droplets catching in the silver circles of his nipplerings. John dips his head to lick it up, to taste, sucking on Sherlock's left nipple until the distinct metallic flavour of the juice of Sherlock's life fills his mouth.
“You want him tied up? Or shall we test his self-control?” Irene's fingers dance over the different bundles of black and red rope, tidily rolled up in one drawer.
Sherlock is aching. There hadn't been an interesting case in ages – and he's aching. For distraction. For... something. Something to take the edge off.
“Have you ever done this before?” John's voice is soft and tender again and Sherlock's nerves start to sing with pleasure as he feels hot arousal pool low in his belly.
“Go into your bedroom and lie on the bed, face down. I'll be with you in a minute.” John cups Sherlock's cheek in his palm and lets his thumb brush over the prominent cheekbone before releasing Sherlock. There is a admiring tenderness in John's gaze that makes Sherlock's stomach flutter.
