John cleared his throat. “Yeah,” he said. “Shaken up, but they didn’t mistreat her or anything. She didn’t – she was being kept in another flat in the building, not a cell, so that’s…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We have just been informed that the device’s navigation system has failed and it will not reach its original destination. It is crashing, far short of its target.”
“But he’s still fucked up about it, isn’t he?” I snap.
“As in, work?”
SHERLOCK: [Glares] Yes,
John smiled as his heart melted. “Well, I think I know a potential cure, Mr. Sigersen, but could you wait until say, 5:00?”
Wǒ de tiān a = Oh my God (literally ‘oh my sky’)
Warnings for symptoms of concussion.
Sherlock went down. John’s right leg, the strong one, whipped forward in a side kick directly into the man’s solar plexus. He could feel the man’s breath empty his lungs, then Sherlock kicked at the back of the man’s knees from below, and he came down with a crash.
in scene fourteen…”
[They do a series of leaps, rotating in the air as they run. They perform four, then finish with a sideways roll across the floor; they leap to their feet, freeze for two beats, then start a new combination.]
“So how do I…”
The lights faded to black, and the applause roared over Sherlock’s head like a wave. As soon as the curtain fell, he removed the mask, handing it to a stagehand, then crossed down centre to await his curtain call. Toby was there, his arm held high, ready to page the curtain; Toby had been the stage manager at the Royal for thirty years, and knew exactly how to judge the right time to open the curtain, at the absolute peak of the audience’s applause.
When Rosie had eaten her fill, he turned to his own food. He was so unaccustomed to warmed food that when he finally took a sip for himself, his mouth itched in reaction. The soup was yellow and had noodles and was probably the best thing he’d ever eaten in his life.
“I thought that was the end of the issue, but she was uneasy and restless, always nervous and jumping at shadows. Then another letter arrived, one day when she was out, and – well, I hope you don’t think less of me, but I wanted to keep her from the fear that she had been showing since the first letter arrived. So I kept it from her.”
but there’s nothing there, its eyes don’t show
“Detective Inspector Riggs confiscated it.”
Here's the video for Take me to Church: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-tW0CkvdDI
Sherlock looked around. “I think we’re heading west now, we need to go south. This way.”
“And I decided that I – I needed to change. Be a better man. Show you that – I was capable of that. Of being that. Even though I knew that-”
John nodded, solemn, and said, almost to himself, “And then I got shot. Must admit I’ve been driftin’ around ever since.” John came back to himself, and looked back to Sherlock. “Got a
“Sherlock, I can’t… I’m sorry, I can’t-”
“We’re very proud of our facility here at St. Bartholomew’s,” Stamford continued. “We’ve always tried to keep up with the scientific advances in medicine, for the benefit of our patients and of course our medical college. I know your particular interest is the morgue, but I’ll show you the whole thing, if you’ve the time to spare. We’ve just renovated our operating theatre, and I’m like a new father, wanting to show off!”
“I have a plan, I-”
John pulled back the wadded up handkerchief he’d been pressing over his forearm. “See, what’d I tell you. Fine.”
“Did I mean what?” Sherlock said somehow, around his dry mouth.
understand the decoration on your loaf, Sherlock.”
Sherlock smiled down at the paper as he folded it. The case began to melt away from him as his fingers deftly transformed the paper into the shape of a tiny giraffe. He held it up to the window as the morning light streamed in.
John nodded sharply. “Thank you.” He pulled his bathrobe a little closer around him, turned, and walked out of the bathroom.
I got lots of background information on star systems in the ‘Verse from the Firefly/Serenity wiki pages: http://firefly.wikia.com/wiki/Main_Page
“That’s brilliant, John,” Sherlock breathed.
Because I am a bit of a nerd about it, there really is a difference between the 1955 and 1981 version of Glenn Gould's Goldberg Variations - on the 1981 version you can hear Gould humming. It's endearing.
“Hm.” Holmes nodded thoughtfully, while John’s heart hammered hard. “Then – what if I were to give you permission?”
“Right, so, what about Feng or Charles or-”
Fucking.
“I look ridiculous,” John said. “And I itch.”
“Damn,” Sherlock said.
“Absolutely. I’ll start the choux pastry, you start the cream?”
“We’d like to sleep but we haven’t been able to get a wink because of your noise.”
“Been a while,” John said, his breath coming shorter than before. “Also you’re a fair bit taller than my last partner. You sure?”
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock thought quickly. “I can give you five hundred now, and I’ll talk it over with Wiggins, make sure you get the balance. All right?” He pulled out his billfold, flashing credits at them.
Zǒu kāi = go away
one wasn’t sold.”
Hvala ti = Thank you
“Uh oh,” said Rosie. “Uh oh.”
Sherlock leaned forward, and held the General’s gaze with a penetrating look. He was wearing a velvet and silk
. Tell Mr. Moriarty I will meet with him.”
“Just as flat as Langstaff was after you took him down.”
Describes an airplane crash. Spoiler: everyone survives.
The room was small and bare, the concrete block walls painted impersonally white with no painting or decoration to break their monotony. A plain wooden chair was next to the iron bed he was lying in. Turning his head slightly he could see a number of IV poles, and a monitor clipped to his right index finger. The room was bright, but with artificial light. No window. Not an English hospital bed, then. He peered at the bags hanging from the IV poles, and could see Cyrillic figures. Very likely Serbia then. This was not good.
Sherlock smiled, and John basked in this smile, the one that was for no one but him. “I will admit that I was reminded.”
Suddenly Romeo’s body arched, and he started to convulse. The actress’s eyes widened, and Sherlock heard a gasp run round the theatre. Sherlock’s frown deepened – he had read the play long ago, and deleted most of it, but he didn’t remember the scene playing out like this.
Sherlock. I’m fine.”
“Ah, there you are, Sherlock.”
John hardly heard him as he left the library.
“Am I expected to rehearse here?” Sherlock said innocently. “The ceilings are high enough, but there is insufficient clear space for me to work properly.”
Sherlock/Victor stood, brushing the dirt from his clothes. “Sherlock had recognized the thief and followed him, and he’s pretty sure that the perpetrator was heading to where he’d hidden the coin. The guy must have realized Sherlock was following him and got the bead on him. He managed to give Sherlock a good clonk on the head, enough to stun him, and bundled him into that stage coffin before Sherlock could defend himself.”
“Yes,” John said. His mouth curved into a smile at the thought of it.
“That’s not a bribe, John. I’d recommend you whether you went or not. But that’s one of the qualities I like about you – you’ll always do a favour for someone, even when you don’t want to.”
Sherlock was in the bath, folded up as if he was on his chair at home, his arms wrapped around his legs, his head fallen forward over his knees. He was still fully dressed.
“I have to go back,” John said. Panic started to well up through his body.
“Better get to work.”
“Yeah. Covered up my sins, too.”
“That’s right. The Admiral didn’t want to give it to you, but I convinced him it was the perfect gift. It only captures the audio, but that’s enough. So. Who’s John Watson?” Jim’s voice turned steely.
Sherlock began with a traditional opening move, advancing his pawn into the centre of the board. Jim mirrored the move with his own pawn.
“Mmm.” Sherlock moved his knight to protect his king. “You’ve mentioned investments. What intrigues you about an enterprise to make you want to invest?”
John’s looking at me with one eyebrow raised. A questioning look on his face.
For the most part, Sherlock’s expression was neutral, but for the darting eye movements of Sherlock’s deduction process. A tiny flicker of a smile appeared as he studied the picture of Rosie, but was gone almost before John could register it. His face betrayed nothing as he studied the portrait of himself, but it couldn’t have been John’s imagination that he looked at it longer than the others.
“Why don’t you do one of your own?”
“You selfish, stupid, prig!”
“All right,” John said, handing over Watson and putting the nappy bag on the sofa. “Thank you.”
“Siegfried is out of the forest,” he murmured to himself.
“Ask him,” Pavlović said, dipping his head to Sherlock.
“Boop boop,” Mrs. Hudson said, tapping on the door. “May I borrow Sherlock for a moment?”
Rosie’s eyes were starting to droop as she finished the stew, and her protests about bedtime were habitual only. She fussed a little about sleeping on the floor until Sherlock reminded her about camping, then created a kind of nest for her with his coat, wrapping the sleeves around her little body until she was giggling sleepily.
Holmes froze, his left hand tangled in Evans’ shirt, pulling him upright, and his right fist cocked back for another blow.
Sherlock cast a critical eye around the room. “I believe they’ve added another tier to the chandelier,” he said wryly. “Really though, you’ve not been to the Ball before? I was astonished when you said so.”
, and now I can’t stop looking for them.”
“That’s – that’s a lot of work.”
Sherlock knew he wasn’t a true spy, in the way that John was, in the way that his brother was. He was a keen observer, could lie in someone’s face while carrying a nation’s secrets in his shoe, but the intrigue and fisticuffs of spy work held no appeal. All he ever wanted to do was dance.
“Perfect.” John kissed him again, and this time Sherlock responded. John felt more of Sherlock’s tension leave his body. “Now. You get a telegram off to your brother, and we’ll pack.”
“Okay. Stereo system?”
“All I have is this
John’s voice cut sharply through the rabble of the crowd, and all faces turned to him in the sudden silence.
Sherlock’s answering deep chuckle vibrated through John’s whole body. “Yes. Well said, John.”
“Sherlock, there’s still another-”
John had never seen a swan, only pictures in some of his resources on Victorian England. They were much bigger than he had imagined, and ten times more graceful. “Are they common here?”
“Because I’m asexual!”
Sherlock found himself smiling back. “Excellent.”
“I’m finished anyway.” Sherlock picked up the admittedly smooth, round dough and dropped it into a bowl, covering it with cling wrap and walking out of the room before John had a chance to retort. John kept kneading for several more minutes, out of pique. He didn’t like the idea of going up to his room while he waited for it to rise; not with Sherlock’s room just across the hall. So after setting his dough aside to prove, he spent an embarrassing amount of time trying to wash off his hands and forearms, then fiddling with his phone as he watched the minutes tick by.
Slowly, slowly, Sherlock reached out his hand for the keys, and John didn’t move. Sherlock wrapped his hand around the keys, remembering the game of “Mother May I?” he had played as a child. John released the keys, with a faint smile on his face.
221 Baker Street had collapsed.
“Please, Sherlock. Tell me this is all right. Please, Sherlock.”
The driver guided the car into the airport, directly to a private runway behind the building and to the steps of a Learjet. Sherlock could hear the roar of the engines of the little plane.
“Common,” Holmes said, with a sidelong smile. “You said the word ‘common’. Note that there are some figures that appear again and again, sometimes even side by side. What might we deduce about that?”
“What?”
“Mmm?”
[The Facebook audience has started reacting; ‘thumbs-up’ emojis float across the screen.]
“And they are not involved,” Holmes said. “I occasionally work with Scotland Yard, but I do not work for them. Mr. Nathan Garrideb involved me because he thought I could assist with your search. You two gentlemen have a difficult task ahead of you, and I hope I can expedite the process.”
John looked up and saw Mrs. Hudson staring down at his leg, at his torn trousers and the blood tracing the edges of the ripped cloth. “I’m so sorry, Mrs. Hudson – it’s nothing, nothing at all.”
A warm flush swarmed through Sherlock’s body, and he smiled into the upholstery of the sofa. “I want to explore every inch of you.”
“If anything happens to her, I-”
Wiggins mumbled, and ran.
Sherlock re-emerged, a small smile on his face. He pulled out his phone again, texting quickly. Greg heard John’s phone beep, and John looked at it. His face screwed up in confusion.
"Do you think there’s mics on these cameras too?”
Sherlock swallowed and shrugged. “No one. Nobody. He helped me on a case or two. Clearly he became obsessed with me. Annoying.” He was pleased that he kept his voice calm and even.
If he asks for my number and then asks for a coffee, level one bastard. Coffee first, then number immediately after, level two bastard, e.g. ‘Cappuccino and your number, please.’
John’s head buzzed with fear.  “No. No.”
Sherlock woke, his lungs forgetting how to breathe for a moment. He raised his hands to his face, expecting to find cakey thick facepaint, but finding only smooth skin.
Sherlock couldn’t catch his breath, hitching and shuddering. The muscles in his body, large muscles in his legs, tiny muscles in his hands, couldn’t stop twitching. His skin prickled hot and cold, and he was awash in sweat.
“So what shall we do?”
[John takes a remote control from his pocket, points it toward a stereo in the corner. “I Will Wait” by Mumford and Sons begins with a hard guitar strumming.]
“Put me back together.”
They arrived at Baker Street at twilight, the sky turning a grey-pink. Holmes paid the driver and stepped out. John hopped out and hissed as he accidentally put weight on his wounded leg, and Holmes turned back as if noticing him for the first time.
Mrs. Roshni bustled in, and John, Keith, and the other participants took their places. “All right everyone? Charcoal ready? Now. Remember to check your perspective, don’t worry about perfection at this session, just rough in your model. Watch for shadow and light. It’s all about the lines and the negative space. Any questions? Right, let’s get on. Amy?”
Sherlock swallowed hard, gazing up at John. “I haven’t filed the last five songs,” he said simply.
Sherlock could hear one of the diplomats murmuring into a phone. Another staffer was trying to talk to Maja, but she said nothing, just stared at Sherlock. He couldn’t read her expression at all.
“That’s called a
“Last month, my Elsie received a letter from America. I didn’t ask her anything, as I knew she would not want me to. She didn’t show it to me, and quickly threw it in the fire.”
“Mmm,” Sherlock said. He was back at the kitchen table, working at the microscope. He didn’t look up.
.’ She was terrifying but she was the one who pushed me to improve my turnout. See?” Sherlock indicated his feet: heels together, toes out; a perfect straight line. “I’ve had complete turnout since I was twelve. Can’t stand any other way now.”
Rosie was quiet for a long time, unmoving against his chest. Then she said quietly, still muffled against his chest, “Biscuit?”
“Mmm hmm.”
Sherlock returned to the sitting room, drying his hands. “What?”
Dunworthy sat down next to John and patted him a bit clumsily on his knee. “Thank
“Paul Hollywood. He’s one of the judges.”
Sherlock growled with frustration. Wiggins was usually his best source of information; he had moderately good observational skills which almost made up for his stunning stupidity.
They fell into silence. John wondered if he should say something to break the quiet, but wasn’t sure what wouldn’t sound trivial in light of the situation they were in – racing to potentially stop a murder. Holmes sat and stared out the window at the scenery rushing past, but John could see a tension in him, as if he were urging the train to go faster by force of will.
Brigit shrugged, glancing shyly between Holmes and John. “I’m not sure, sir. I never heard a gun fired inside a house before, just out in the fields, like. I can only say that it was the loudest thing I’ve ever heard.”
“What?” Sherlock said to John’s reflection.
Sherlock and John walked home slowly, not stalling or delaying, but with an unspoken desire to let this perfect night be drawn out as long as it could.
John glanced up at the corner of the room. “What about the cameras?”
“That’s what I meant.” John sat carefully on the edge of the bed; he was slightly worried it would start to spin.
. Sherlock had some fondness for that ballet – not just for the opportunity to emote great emotion through dance, but also for its place in his career. He was seventeen years old and newly graduated from the Royal Ballet Academy when he was cast as Hilarion; a secondary role, but a plum for a young dancer just beginning his career. He had nearly upstaged the lead dancer, and the artistic director had promptly hired him as a principal dancer for the following season. Sherlock never danced a secondary role again. This time he was playing the lead, Albrecht, and Janina was playing the Queen of the Willis, the ghosts of women who had been wronged; a demanding role, and he had to grudgingly admit she was an acceptable dancer.
“A proposal for permanent Companion.”
“That’s cool,” said a man whose belt was festooned with flashlights and tools. “Last year’s R and J went to the Old Vic.”
“Mean what?”
John drew back slightly to look at him, his brow furrowing. “Can you trust her? She and Pavlović could have-”
“…Sherlock?”
How very near they seem, yet how remote
John smiled, and felt a deeper warmth spread over his body, from the inside and not from the fire.
“I just thought-” John stopped and took a breath, his fists clenching and unclenching. “What did you mean - that he wouldn’t like you doing cases?”
Lǎoshī = teacher
“Then we’d have to pick our favourites, of course.”
, Dunworthy’s voice said in his head. John snapped back to himself, and turned to look at Sherlock’s worried face. Wordlessly he passed the paper to Sherlock.
Sherlock enacted the part to the full, but if he was honest with himself, he didn’t understand it. Why would a grown man – even as young a man as the character was meant to be – allow himself to be treated that way? If it were him, Sherlock would have walked away from the first rejection, throwing a barbed comment behind him, and be content with never seeing the woman again. Much less go to the extreme of self-sacrifice.
“Had enough then? Right, out you come. Let’s get you dried off and ready for bed, Watson. Yes, I need drying off too, thanks to your experiments with displacement – would you assist me? Thank you.”
“Over two million credits,” Lestrade said. He wiped his hand through his hair, making it stand up on end for a moment. “This stuff’s rare, you know. It’s only produced on-”
“We can all sit around and compare how idiotic we are. Have weekly contests.”
They continued through the hallways in silence.
Dunworthy. He had to speak with Dunworthy. “Where is he? He’s head of history at Balliol, why is Lassiter here and not Dunworthy?”
“But I wasn’t there. I left.”
“Yes,” Jim hissed, directly into Sherlock’s ear, his arms tightening vice-like around Sherlock’s waist. “
Tears stood in her eyes, and she nodded.
“Yes, certainly,” John said, his heart melting impossibly more. “And you? May I see you?”
“One punch he got in, that was all.”
“I am for Scotland Yard. Tell Mrs. Hudson I shan’t be back for tea.” Holmes knocked on the ceiling of the cab, and it whisked him away.
Nathan Garrideb bit at his lips, clearly trying to find an excuse that would get him out of going. “I don’t like to leave my-”
“I do. Must get on.” In fact, Sherlock had nothing to do but go in to give Lestrade his formal statement.
“-he just gets – we work together, and when a case comes up he gets worked up and impatient and a bit-”
“Okay,” he says, and pulls the blanket back over John’s shoulders. John puts his head back down on Sherlock’s shoulder, calms again. Sherlock’s arm curves around him. “Okay.”
There was no other way to describe Sherlock’s tone but accusatory. John had no idea why this was so important and disturbing to Sherlock, but he had learned long ago that honesty was the way to go. “They weren’t as good. My teacher agreed. I couldn’t – There was something missing.”
“Sherlock,” John said.
“Thank you.” Holmes returned to his book.
The actress playing Juliet hesitated, and Sherlock saw Romeo twitch. Sherlock frowned; it was the first sign of lack of commitment to the play, and at the climax too. The actress clearly found this unprofessional as well, but went on.
“What?” John asked sourly.
“The Gray’s Anatomy book. When it came up for sale I mentioned it to Mrs. Hudson, thinking to buy it, but I never said that to any newsvidder. My interest in chemistry is well known, but I’ve never publicly mentioned my fascination for human anatomy. When I saw the book, and the way in which you drew my attention to it, made me realize that you’d been listening in.”
And that was with a week’s slippage as a best case scenario.
Shì = Yes
He raised his chin a little, determined and yet hoping that Sherlock wouldn’t ask why he wanted this. “Yes.”
“God,” John sighed. “I want to take you to bed.”
Their return walk was even slower than before, as Rosie now was reluctant to be carried, having gotten used to being on her feet again. She, too, had difficulty with the terrain, and they walked at a snail’s pace. He had to divide his attention between Rosie and his own footing over the loose bricks and street signs and trees.
They gazed at each other for a long moment, communicating volumes in a nanosecond.
“She said so.”
Sherlock, on the other hand, had gone for a more rustic approach, mixing the dry ingredients in a pile on the tabletop itself, then mixing in the yeast by hand. Eventually he too was kneading the bread, the table shuddering slightly with their combined efforts.
“When did you get in?”
“Of course,” Mycroft said as he smiled patronizingly. “Well, I’ll let you go. I’m sure you have a busy day ahead. Lots of odd little cases to investigate.”
Something was changing.
“You’re a good man to humour me so,” Stamford said as they descended the stairs to the basement of the building. “I hope I haven’t wasted too much of your time.”
He took Sherlock’s hand from its place in the air and placed it on his waist, then renewed his efforts on Sherlock’s neck. “I must make you forget about guns, and war, and crime, and everything else except this bed, and how I want to make you feel.”
A flush worked its way up John’s neck – praise, and from Sherlock. Unqualified praise, even. What was happening?
A flood of people came out of the embassy doors: first a guard, then a man who was clearly the ambassador, then – oh God – Mrs. Hudson, Mrs. Hudson in her purple dress, tiny next to the guard but with a determined set to her jaw and her bright eyes fixed on the gate. After her came a gaggle of news reporters with microphones and cameras slung on their shoulders. The sight of the BBC logo nearly brought tears to Sherlock’s eyes; a glimpse of
“Of course I know your schedule, but the question was rhetorical, I know how it went. Your collar is still wet.”
“All right?” Sherlock said.
John shifted his hands until they rested, feather-light, on Sherlock’s knees. Sherlock was frozen, his arms and legs heavy with shock and disbelief, but he pushed all his will and energy into lifting his hands until they lay on top of John’s. John stared at their hands, then up at his face.
“Lassiter can shut it. Department resources be damned. The moment I heard he’d sent you to 2007 Afghanistan I started putting together a recovery team. It’s a damn dangerous era, it’s an eight really, Lassiter had it moved to a five for his own purposes, and you ended up getting badly hurt.”
“What the hell-”
(See the end of the chapter for
"I understand from Mummy you won't come to Sussex until St. Stephen's Day? Spending Christmas with a toddler instead?"
When the food was gone, he sat back in his chair, holding Rosie in his lap. The reality of the situation was beginning to sink through his aching brain: this was a safe place. There was food. There was shelter, and it wasn’t as cold as outside. Rosie was safe here. She could be cared for as a baby should be. He closed his eyes.
After a while, they lay back, gazing into each other’s eyes, carding their hands through each other’s hair.
John stood and crossed to Juliet, kneeling next to her. “You must have been terribly frightened,” he said softly.
“I see.”
“That was awesome!” said the boy. “What was that piece called?”
Sherlock turned his attention away from the stars to face John. “You don’t know?”
Sherlock allowed a moment to pass, to wrap his dignity around himself, to let these two know that he wasn’t a fool and would not be taken in again, then took the proffered hand. “Sherlock Holmes.”
. He climbed up onto the bed, lay down, and beckoned Sherlock to him. Sherlock hesitated only for a moment, then joined him.
“Excellent. I wanted to welcome you personally, and thank you, Mr. Holmes, for acquiescing to my request. I look forward to your performance.”
“I’m flattered,” said Sherlock. “But surely I’m not the only clever Companion you’ve come across.”
“Sherlock, Sherlock, stop.” John stood and captured Sherlock’s face in his hands. “That’s not it at all. I can’t explain right now but-”
“Artistic director, is he?” John said. The man was nearly halfway up the audience area. “I should probably go have a chat with him.”
Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner took the honours of carrying the bread in to the judges. Mrs Hudson was clearly admiring John’s edible decorations, but Mrs Turner looked uneasy as she carried Sherlock’s. There was a great deal of clearing of throats until Mrs Hudson produced a bread knife and cut slices out of each loaf without saying a word.
“We solved it,” John continued, unperturbed. “Well. I solved it, I suppose.”
“Ring?”
“What do you think, Rosie?” John said. “Would you help Georgie remember how to play with blocks?”
“True,” John said. He pointed out at the lake at two huge white birds. “Look, Holmes!”
He could hear John whispering above him, just below the volume of the shower, just below his ability to hear exactly what he was saying. He glanced up. John was biting the heel of his hand, and a dark flush was creeping up his chest and neck. His eyes were locked on Sherlock. Sherlock smiled as best he could around John’s cock, and began to direct John’s hips to thrust into his mouth. John whisper-moaned, tangled his free hand into Sherlock’s hair, and started to drive his cock into Sherlock’s mouth with short, sharp movements.
When the sixth day in 221C dawned, they had enough provisions for perhaps two more days, Sherlock could barely stand the smell of himself, let alone the room, his mobile battery was down to 57%, and they were ready to leave.
“Okay,” I say.
“He brought his things?” John said.
He cued up his favourite warm up music – Vivaldi’s
Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on John’s shoulder, and John understood immediately. “Not at all,” he said.
“No, git, water jets. Swirls the water about.”
The first thing I see is a headline –
He gathered all the strength in his legs and arms and torso, and let them explode in a huge leap across the floor, his limbs flung wide, making a sacrifice of his body to the air. He landed, rolled, and curled into a ball as the song ended.
“Ask him if it’s a secure frequency.”
“What time does the show start?” he said.
The distance between them was shortening, and John was beginning to taste victory, when Bantam took a sharp right. John realized he was heading into the forest, obviously hoping to lose him in the dense wood. This worried him; no doubt Bantam knew the area much better than he did, and the park was big enough that getting lost was a real possibility.
They spent a good three days cleaning up the kitchen in preparation; Sherlock pouted through the careful packing away of his experimental equipment, while John appreciated the opportunity to give the kitchen a proper sterilization.
He let his thumb trace Sherlock’s cheekbone, and watched his eyes close. He felt the delicate stroke of Sherlock’s exploring fingertips across his brow, and he smiled.
Shăgua = dumbass
John thought for a moment about going into the room and helping Sherlock, then he heard him whispering.
“I shall rephrase my question then: Do you regret kissing me, or do you regret the lack of consent for the kiss sought from me?”
“Run,” he said.
John made a soft growling, humming noise and pushed into Sherlock’s hand with a jerk of his hips. Sherlock’s own cock throbbed in response, and he buried his face in John’s neck, mouthing at the strong pulse he found there. John filled his arms, his hand, perfectly; the heft of John’s body and his cock feeling right in his arms in a way Sherlock had never experienced before. John’s hand was small and delicate, but strong, and was stroking urgently, and Sherlock could already feel the orgasm gathering in the pit of his belly. He tightened his own hand around John’s cock, and found a hardened nub of a nipple with the fingers of his other hand.
“Please. John Watson, dealing with idiots with the sniffles and carpal tunnel? You’ll be bored silly. You’re meant for greater things than that.”
The second landing went perfectly, but he wobbled a little as he landed on the third. He cursed his overconfidence, and took another deep breath to focus himself again. One more jump – the most important one.
He placed the elephant on top of the credits, and slid them back towards John. “Go buy your ship, John Watson.”
“My brother told me that it was an unusual proposal – that whetted my interest. It is, admittedly, not what I was expecting.”
Bahdri laughed. John turned to glare at him, appalled that his friend would laugh at such a serious situation.
(See the end of the chapter for
Evans was laughing to himself as he lifted the latch for the door and carefully lowered himself down until he was no longer in sight. John startled slightly when Holmes’ cool finger touched his wrist. “Now,” he whispered, holding his own gun up by his head.
“My name is Sherlock Holmes, Companion, Persephone City. On the evening of the bombing, John Watson was with me…”
“Were they removed pre- or post-mortem?”
The next morning John stomped out of his bedroom just before nine, his face framed in a frown. “Is that driver here? Let’s get this over with.”
“The whole time I’ve known you – there’ve been cameras, and microphones, and guards and – now I’m realizing that there have been for months,
“You know what you remind me of?” John said softly.
SHERLOCK: Ready as I’ll ever be.
“So far, Brussels sprouts, eggplant, and mango.”
John gestured at the wide expanse of the studio floor. “Give it a try.”
Trust John, he thought, to express Christmas-related sentiments after sex on Christmas Eve.
His eyes went up to Sherlock’s again. Sherlock’s eyes were twitching all over the room – from John’s eyes to his rumpled shirt, to the scar on his shoulder, to his feet.
“No, John, it’s just that – I couldn’t do that. It would make things quite… complicated.”
John puts his head down and snorts, then lets out a string of giggles that gets me going too. Sherlock tries to look all superior and aloof, but I see his smile twisting despite himself.
Unperturbed, Pavlović continued, looking at his tablet again. “It’s always important to check the manifest after an accident like that. It makes it easier to identify the dead.”
Sherlock has his face hidden in John’s neck. His arm is extended, his hand reaching out to me.
John's first night at 221B, after moving in.
“Yes. I took one semester at the University of Heidelberg, where the dessert originated. You?”
Any admiration for the décor of the flat was quickly squashed by the sight of Pavlović sitting on the sofa, reading a paper.
“What choice do you think you have?” Jim sneered.
“Come on, girl,” Mrs. Perry said. “Let the gentlemen get back to their work.”
Sherlock looked up, but his sightline was flooded with the image of a sandwich. John was holding it out directly in front of Sherlock’s face.
“All right, just – stay here, just a moment.”
He ran to his bedroom, ignoring the odd looks he was getting from John and Maja. He looked out the window there – another car, another two men. His lip twisting in anger, he checked behind the pictures on the wall, first in his bedroom, then the dining room.
“I started building this place even before I arrived on Persephone. I knew I wanted a skyhome, so I could be alone when I chose, and be social when I chose. But once I arrived, I started designing the interior to suit me, to suit my interests.” He stopped in front of a door. “This isn’t complete yet, but I’m hoping…”
“What are you doing?”
Lack of understanding of Sherlock’s purpose morphed into irritation and defensiveness. “You going to critique them, then?”
John rolled his eyes, but Sherlock saw that he was hiding a smile. He shrugged, put his hands on his hips, rocked back on his heels and tapped his toes against the floor, matching the beat of the song. Sherlock did the same, his soft ballet shoes providing an inferior but still audible tap.
The chess game that Jim and Sherlock play is based on Yoko Ono's art piece, where all the pieces are white. Jim's set, of course, is all black.
Sherlock scanned the tide of people in the hallway until he caught sight of the stage manager, dressed all in black in the centre of a riot of colour. “Stephanie! Did you get the new light for Act Two?”
“Good.”
John laughed, and Sherlock laughed too, a low chuckle that rumbled up from the pit of his stomach and was incredibly arousing. John began to lean in to kiss Sherlock again, to drink the laughter from his mouth, but Sherlock placed his hand gently against John’s chest.
“Good for you,” she says. “Make those foolish boys see sense. Up you go.”
“Thank you brother, I’ll send the leftover chocs to you, shall I? Must go.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to retort that a child who had to cover for his alcoholic mother and give his sister the birthday she wanted could not possibly constitute a ‘sin’, but then the timer rang for the cakes to come out of the oven, and the moment passed.
It was a brilliant idea, and resulted in scores of baggies piling up at Sherlock’s side in the lab he had somehow commandeered for himself. John took himself off dirt-collecting duty, and reassigned himself to sorting the evidence and developing a coding system that connected each bag to its place on the map. He also designated himself as ‘official coffee fetcher’ and ‘stuffer of food into Sherlock’s mouth every once in a while’.
“Precisely what I’d like to know as well, Mrs. Hudson,” Mycroft said from the door.
In that moment of John being so close in his memory, but so far away, and with the sudden reminder that John may very well be dead, that there may be hundreds, thousands, millions dead, Sherlock snapped.
“Yes, Benvolio’s a good part. Fair number of lines, some good scenes.”
I’m a little pissed. Actually a lot pissed. I made a decision a long time ago – no more attached men. No helping them cheat on their wives or girlfriends. Done with that, no matter how well they kiss. I won’t be responsible for someone else’s pain; my own is enough.
out of your face.”
A gust of laughter burst out of John before he could stop it. “No, not – no. Holmes, I-” John realized that he had to bring the topic back around to the point. He was not here to give Holmes a lecture on the future of gay rights, but there was an issue that had to be resolved. “Look, Holmes. I thank you for sharing your history with me, and trusting me with it. But the fact of the matter is that I committed a transgression: I kissed you without your permission, without your consent. I should never have done that, and I apologize.”
John rang off, and immediately tried Dunworthy again. All he got was a buzzing noise – Dunworthy had clearly turned off his vidder for the night.
Naditu = Babylonian aristocratic women who were Sumerian temple slaves
John’s jaw flexed, and he limped quickly off to the bedroom designated for him and Maja. Maja stood in the sitting room, staring at the cameras, her hand over her mouth. John returned from the bedroom a moment later, the frown on his face acting as confirmation.
John sat obediently; he wasn’t sure if his legs would support him anyway. He was still weak. As Bahdri covered his face with shaving cream, John caught sight of his watch.
“Is true,” she said. “They bring you on a stretcher, not conscious. John raise a big fuss. ‘Why sedate? No need for sedate’ he say. He was worried for your brain, so soon after concussion. They dump you on bed like clothes. John make sure you okay, not choke. Pavlović say he come back when you are better.”
John gave his hand another shake, then turned to Bahdri, and hugged him, freshly aware that if all went as he hoped, he would never see his friend again. “You crazy fiend, you,” he whispered.
John turned his thoughts to Slade’s arrest. Thank goodness it had gone smoothly, the man manacled and giving up the fight immediately. He remembered Hope’s arrest and how it had so nearly gone south, charging at Holmes like that. What if Slade had been suspicious of the note he thought to be from Elsie Cubitt? What if he had brought his gun, and had had it loaded and ready to fire when he arrived? What if Holmes had been in the line of fire?
Sherlock realized dully that he had not thought of Maja, whether she would have been brought back. She wasn’t in the flat; clearly their punishment would go on for some time more.
“When would I have?” Sherlock said, picking a single piece of popcorn from the bowl. Rosie took a handful that seemed impossibly huge for her tiny hands.
“Hi Daddy! Sh’lock let me put
“What?”
Mrs. Roshni rescued him with a wry smile. “Are you going to join us again next semester, John?” she asked. “I think you should consider the portraits course next, you would do very well in it.”
Not a minute later, Maja approached the fountain. Sherlock watched her as she observed the end of the blood trail, the splash of water. She circled the fountain, paused, then ran out of sight towards the southern end of the park.
John tapped said cane absently against his leg. “No, I suppose not. S’funny. It doesn’t hurt nearly as much as it used to.”
“Off to the shops for you tomorrow,” Sherlock said. He remembered that the only clothes John had were the ones he was wearing, donated by a guard who was almost the same size and build as John.
Sherlock recovered in time to say, “John Watson. The expert I consulted. Remember? While I was ‘gadding about’?”
You’d think that John, having been in a war, would have a greater sense of impending doom and danger, but nevertheless he said, “But it’s just following a recipe, isn’t it? Any chump could do it. How can that be made into a competition?”
In the next second, faster than he ever thought possible, John had crossed to Sherlock, grabbed him by the shirt and pushed him against the wall. The pictures rattled with the force of it.
“Oh for God’s sake. You have two hours. Go.”
The knife was sharp and cut through the closures of Sherlock’s robe easily. With each knot, weight lifted off his body, and when the ruined robe finally fell at his feet he felt freer than he had ever felt before.
“Yes, love?”
he thought. A flush washed up through his chest, up into his head and down through every muscle in his body; a warmth that did not dissipate in the shower and that he knew had nothing to do with the temperature in the room. This was something new, something different.
Greg sidled quietly up to the door of the observation half of the interrogation room. There stood John, facing the one-way glass, leaning on the ledge there, beside himself with laughter. He took no notice of Greg behind him, clearly distracted. Greg’s brow knotted in confusion, and he quietly moved so he could look into the other room.
“Where are we going, Sherlock?”
Sherlock whispered into his ear, and John didn’t understand but nodded anyway. Then they were standing and pulling each other down the hall to Sherlock’s room.
They made it to the station just in time for Holmes to dash off a telegram for Cubitt, and they jumped onto the train mere moments before it pulled out of the station.
“Thank you, brother.”
“Yes, sweet lamb. After I got your message I just got her ready for bed, I thought you’d be a lot longer. No sense in waking her up now – you two get some rest and I’ll bring her up in the morning.”
“I went right downstairs and caught Pavlović just as he was coming in. Started ranting and raving about what an arsehole you were, that you were a psychopath, that you were driving me crazy. He was trying to calm me down and we sat down in that little kitchenette. I remembered that the guards often have a bottle of something, and asked for a drink to calm me down. I got Pavlović to have one or two as well.
Jim nodded. “
Hastily yanking his bathrobe over his body again, he stumbled into the hallway. “Green!”
The General threw back the final gulp from his cup.
Thank you to everyone who read, everyone who commented or kudos'ed. Many thanks to MissDavisWrites and PipMer for their beta work.
a disruption.” John wasn’t sure why he was insisting on this, it wasn’t the point he was trying to make.
“I have to go back,” John said.
She spoke in a half-whisper, and the flat was darkened. Sherlock made an easy deduction. “She’s asleep?”
“It certainly was. Disappointed, John?”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Yes.”
Sherlock leaps up. “That’s a good idea, have some time together,” he says, all in a rush, manic energy. “Go and have dinner. John, why don’t you take her to that new Mongolian place on Marylebone?”
He looked at Holmes, whose face was leaned against the train window, his expression lined and stoney, and John only felt a wave of feeling and tenderness, followed by a wash of dread.
They sat together for a long time, John feeling Sherlock’s muscles tremble, feeling his own shock leak out of his body. Sherlock finally gave a deep sigh, and the last of the shudders dropped away from him. John let him sit up, and looked at him with a smile to cement the reassurance – but something was wrong. Sherlock’s face was set in a way that wasn’t like anything John had seen before. It was serious, but none of his earlier distress was evident.
The Commissioner chuckled. “I’m tone-deaf, my dear Sherlock, and couldn’t dance if you fired a gun at my feet.” He turned to Sherlock, his gaze warm and slightly aroused. “You can dance it, though?”
“How many times do I have to say it... I was a witness, remember? She was the first to reach him when Juliet screamed, and stuck her fingers down his throat. Got most of the poison out of him. He’s likely to live because of her.” He saw John nodding approvingly beside him.
“John?” Bahdri squinted in the screen. “Oh, you’re back.”
Sherlock’s lips parted to speak, and he tasted grit on his lips. “Are you in charge of the investigation?”
“All right,” Sherlock said.
“And what can you tell about the artist, Sherlock?”
Notes floated up to the high ceiling and back down, creating an echo of rounded tones that rolled around the café. Everyone in the café froze at the first sounds, and one by one, adults and children alike raised their eyes from their phones and books. Even the barista was still. John looked up and saw faces at the windows of the Conservatory peering down into the atrium. For a building that revolved around music, this kind of attention proved that Vernet’s playing was above what they were accustomed to.
John smiled, and there was a note of gratitude in it. “All I knew is I didn’t want to be a miner. Figured that out early. Soldierin’ seemed like an easy way out of it that my Da couldn’t disapprove of.”
“I was trying to drown out the sound of your breathing. Just stop doing that, that would be lovely, thanks.”
I tell him about the café. I don’t tell him about Boo. I tell him about my sister in Finland. I don’t tell him about Martin. I want him to see the best side of me. I don’t want him to know I’m a complete fuck up.
“Good evening, gentlemen,” Mrs. Hudson said, as she set the tea tray down. “My goodness, Mr. Holmes, you are red in the face – have you just returned from a case?”
The static faded away, and Sherlock’s voice sighed out without thought, “Yes.”
“Why?” John barked. “Why would you do that? To me, to Rosie?”
SHERLOCK: …No. [Sherlock tries to look stern but for a moment looks at John, unguarded and affectionate. Heart emojis appear.]
It’s John and Sherlock.
Mrs. Hudson came and sat with him for a time.
? The day you came to me to help me, the day I gave you the elephant with the note, I knew. I knew you loved me, but I couldn’t say anything – my home was bugged and I knew Moriarty was listening to every word. That would have put you at risk, and I couldn’t bear that.”
Hand in hand, they ran towards the gate. Sherlock stepped over the barrier, and Maja ducked underneath. Then they were outside the building that had been Sherlock’s prison.
“I’d never heard of it,” John said, “but it seems interesting.” In fact, he had heard of it; an old girlfriend had been obsessed with it. She had thought John enjoyed it too but he hadn’t paid much attention. She had dumped him when she caught him playing Sudoku on his phone during the finals.
(See the end of the chapter for
Theatre just in time for curtain. We have box seats, an excellent view of the stage.”
The model untied and shrugged off her housecoat, immediately moving into a casual lounging position. She had no shyness in her body, no sense of timidity of being naked in front of a bunch of strangers. There was a brief intake of breath from the class.
Bol? - Pain?
Jim walked with him to the front door, where the airlimo was waiting. Sherlock called to the driver, “One moment please,” and pulled the door shut, giving them privacy.
The day before he was to go to Jim, his vidder rang. The noise startled Sherlock; it hadn’t rung in several days. He answered without thinking.
“Sherlock-”
Gǒushǐ = shit
“And for the main entrée, we have a number of choices: chicken kiev, stuffed with Black Forest Ham and Emmental cheese and roasted-”
But Holmes didn’t. He told the story of his client and the strange fraud of the Garridebs, the true identity of the still-unconscious Evans. He told Lestrade to send an officer to Paddington to meet Nathan Garrideb as he returned from Birmingham to corroborate his story and break the news that he would not, in fact, be a millionaire. Holmes’ voice was calm and even, and he never once looked at John.
“Too long by half,” Sherlock muttered. “Earl Grey please, not that disgusting natural oolong please. And biscuits.”
Their mouths found each other, soft and tentative and still a little afraid. Then John let out a sigh against Sherlock’s lips, a sigh of relief of years of tension, and Sherlock made a quiet keening sound into John’s mouth, and suddenly the moment was no longer fraught with fear and doubt, but assurance and confidence and rushing joy.
But he can’t go home. They’re trapped here. And home is – he can’t go home.
Sherlock let out a huge sigh of relief, and actually reached out a hand, offering to take one of the carrier bags.
“Jesus.” John’s voice was hushed and worshipful. “Please tell me we can keep the costume after the run is over.”
Hours later, they pulled up outside a low rise building, as elegant as a hotel but without signage. Sherlock was surprised – he was expecting they would be housed in a hotel such as the Metropol Palace or the Saint Ten. He looked at John, who shrugged. Maja looked slightly disappointed.
“Busy.”
Holmes wrapped his cloak even more tightly around himself, and curled himself inward and towards the window. This signalled the beginning of another depressive episode, John was sure, but he found himself far from irritated. He looked over at Holmes with wry amusement, then turned to his own thoughts.
“Ladies, I am Sherlock Holmes, and this is my colleague, Doctor John Watson. We are investigating this murder. Now, quickly, tell us what happened,” Holmes said sharply – a little too sharply, John thought, as Brigit startled a little and she applied her wrung out handkerchief to her eyes.
“Sherlock-”
John stopped short as he realized what he was seeing. The man was whipping one of the corpses, methodically and violently.
She nodded minutely. “I know. I know now. I made an assumption about you.”
Mrs. Hudson was now at the gate, the media pressed up against her. She blinked and peered at him, then her face lit up. Her arm shot through the gate, between the bars, and she shouted, “That’s him!”
“I am sorry, John. I never wanted-”
“Yeah,” John says, but even as he does he feels a new panic rise up.
"All right then."
Sherlock had limited experience with children, but he knew that this was not for show. It was not performative so she would get her way. This was grief, and homesickness, and missing her father, and fear that Sherlock had tried so hard to keep from her.
“Sherlock-”
As the elevator doors opened on the flat, they saw Maja pleading with Pavlović in the middle of the sitting room.
“Then we came here, and you found the cameras in the flat. I hadn’t seen them. Hadn’t even thought to look for them. I realized then that I’d become complacent, allowed myself to get rusty and not use my senses. I wanted to be John Watson, MI6 again.
“I’d like that.” Sherlock traced the line of John’s jaw, growing serious again. “I must admit I’m feeling insecure as well, John. You’ve been all over the Black, and I’ve never left Persephone.”
Sherlock followed John’s lead and put his stereo together, making his movements snappish and irritated. He put on some Brahams – familiar enough for him to dance without thinking, but loud enough to allow them to speak. He turned to the barre and began his morning warmup. John meandered over to the barre as though he had all the time in the world, leaned against the wall by Sherlock, radiating boredom and impatience.
“Nothing to do with dancing is a waste of time,” John said quietly. Sherlock stared at him, surprised, but instead John ducked his head and pressed play on the stereo.
Sherlock was still hesitating, staying as far from the bed as he could, almost clinging to the textured walls. “I’m not sure I can sleep in here, John. It’s too
“-or these decorated sugar biscuits-”
She picked up a remote from her desk, turned to a television screen to the side of her desk, and turned it on. The screen lit up to reveal grainy video that Sherlock quickly recognized as the security camera footage from the studio. He saw John and himself arguing in the middle of the floor, then John walk away. He watched himself dance, recognizing his improvisation from the day before.
,” Sherlock said tersely.
He turned to her, his mouth slightly open with astonishment. “Yes,” he breathed, as though it was a revelation for him.
“I feel like shit,” Sherlock said, and John could hear Victor’s tone in his voice.
“You stupid shit!” John screamed. “It’s not just you anymore! Somehow, I don’t know how, but somehow now I’m responsible for your idiot arse. Did you know that?”
However, two days was still two days. He wondered if Sherlock would finish the experiment he had started before this whole mess, or if he would just watch some telly and then go to bed.
John heard Sherlock mutter something that sounded a lot like, “Well you
“Oh.” Sherlock’s face cleared. “I was, as well. But I believe that occasionally, within the constructs of physics, action can spur a… similar action.”
Sherlock turned away and towards his room, dropping his bag with loose fingers on the bed. His head was full of a dull buzzing noise, and he couldn’t think, couldn’t feel. He would shower, and go to bed, and sleep and sleep and sleep, and if he was lucky, perhaps he wouldn’t wake to this nightmare.
“Precisely,” Janina snapped. “You have a performance upon which your future depends. In two days. I’m very pleased that you remember this.”
“I understand your concerns, but the bath is a necessity, Watson.”
John’s left fist smashed across his face, and Sherlock went down.
A few moments passed in silence as John worked. John assumed the quiet was due to Sherlock’s tiredness, so he was surprised when Sherlock spoke again.
They each stood, and from either side of the bed, removed article after article of clothing. Waistcoat, braces, shirts, trousers, sock garters, and finally the smallclothes. John stood for a moment, staring at Sherlock: his gooseflesh rising up in the cool of the room, his long lines of muscle and skin, wiry and muscular. His cock was thick and heavy, lifting up from a dark thatch of hair. Sherlock was staring at John, his hands twitching to cover his genitals. John felt a little self-conscious too, knowing his own stocky body was nothing like Sherlock’s graceful beauty. He crawled back up onto the bed again, and Sherlock followed after only a second of dazed hesitation.
Sherlock froze, his eyes widening. John realized what Sherlock thought – that John was warning him of imminent danger.
Then Sherlock strode over to John. John turned a page in his notebook, anticipating that Sherlock was about to ask him for his medical opinion, which he suspected was sought because Sherlock needed to stall for time to think.
They arrived at North Walsham to a grey, cool drizzle of rain. John looked around the milling disembarking passengers to see if someone had been sent for them from the Manor, but gradually the station emptied and there was no one to greet them. He looked at Holmes to see a mirrored look of consternation.
John stared at him, speechless.
“I do,” John said, his voice hoarse. “I do.” He pulled the clothes from the bag and began to dress quickly, his hands shaking.
Anderson’s lip twitched, but he pulled the magno-key from his pocket and released the cuffs. The stage manager sighed and winced as her arms fell forward. John stepped up to her.
Three minutes.
,” Sherlock said, and he grabbed an apple from the bowl and bit into it. Then he froze, staring at John with what could be considered dismay on anyone else’s face.
“Then I shall forbear, for the sake of your spleen.”
Don’t be too sure about that, mate. I’ve seen him.
In a flash, Sherlock remembered Maja’s comment to him when they learned he was a ballet dancer, about ballet being
now. There are no mistakes to make. It’s just us here. I promise you, John.”
Chapter Notes:
John knew instinctively and absolutely that Sherlock wasn’t mocking him, wasn’t laughing at his loss of dignity, but at the whole situation: the ugly room, the silliness of the moment, the case, the whole thing.
“Sorry.”
‘Weird cases lately,’ Lestrade had said. And they had been. Normally Sherlock never thought about a case again after it was solved, but the cases over the past few months had been increasingly bizarre. And while most criminals were generally stupid, the culprits lately did not seem to have the intelligence to pull off the crimes that they had. And yet they had.
As John and Sherlock waited for the elevator, Greg threw out one more lifeline. “Again, really sorry about Riggs. Won’t happen again.”
“All right, Sherlock?” John said.
“Tjinn!” he said with relief. “Are you all right?”
“What do you mean, the water is-”
“I hate follicle enhancers. I’ll just grow it myself, it will only take three weeks or so…”
John pressed a button, and Sherlock felt the thrum of power from the ship vibrate up through the wheel into his hands and arms.
Sve će biti u redu = It's going to be all right
John was pacing back and forth, his face pale. “I can’t believe I let you talk me into this.”
“You want to learn to pilot?”
John was able to grab the side of the tub and yank himself free of the powerful streams of water. Much more awkwardly than he would have liked, he hauled himself out of the water and sat on the side of the tub, panting with indignation. He looked back at Sherlock.
John Watson is in love with Sherlock Holmes.
Then he realized that the screaming, which he had thought was himself, was still going.
Here’s the Baryshnikov/Hines duet from White Nights: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImzkWZkaIIM (Is that not the sexiest thing ever? The eye contact!)
,” and he coughed to cover it up.
,” John sang back, singing through his dry throat. He took another sip of whisky to wet it. “Um,” he said, not sure what to do with the electricity he was sensing in the room.
“Hey love,” John pants. “All right?”
“Pretty dress,” John said softly. “May I?” He fiddled with the folds of her dress, revealing the stained spot, streaked through with drying violet liquid. “Not to worry, I’m sure it will come out.”
“What?”
He nodded, dressed, and moved into the sitting room part of the suite. Ruefully, he realized that although they had been at the hotel for nearly three weeks, they had barely used it. There was a door between the sitting room and the bedroom; John pulled it most of the way shut. His laptop was sitting open on the table from the time when he had been looking up a list of all the parks in Toronto, and had abandoned it in despair.
“John!” he shouted.
“Right.”
Sherlock stands, but does not release John’s hand for a moment. “Do you understand, John?” he says.
“I’ll think about it,” Sherlock said, already lost in another file. “
He takes my hands in his, and my heart goes jumping all over the place while a quiet calm settles over me. “You can do some good here today,” he says. He shakes my hands a little, then squeezes them and lets go. “Do good things,” he says, and turns and walks away, down the stairs, disappears into London.
,” he said to Maja in Serb, hoping that the sound of her own language would calm her somewhat. “We have to move now, over here, let’s go.”
“This woman saved my life,” he said. He stepped back to Maja and grabbed her by the arm, pulling her forward. “She would like to seek asylum in the United Kingdom.”
There was an extra layer of chaos at the crime scene when they arrived. When Sherlock had left, most of the police had been drifting around the overturned hovercar, but now they were huddled into two groups. The smaller group was still surrounding the security guard, but Sherlock could see one unfamiliar person in the middle of the other group, his head bowed.
“I hope you-” John started as they entered the flat.
He stepped back into the sitting room, where John was still standing in the middle of the floor. John looked angry, and his fists were clenched.
. I knew to wait for you but I thought you’d pull up in a fancy skimmer or somethin’. Didn’t think you’d try to swim,
“Good. Because I’d rather not ring Mrs. Hudson at the moment. I’d like to – speak with you.” There was a tiny hesitation in his voice, and John closed his eyes for a moment.
Sherlock turned and looked at John, smiling up into his eyes. “I do.”
, he thought but didn’t say.
Sherlock backed John into the room, with John scuttling backwards, towards the window. “I can’t wait for the day when you’re out of my sight for good.”
“If there was, you’d need it for the kiddie. Wotcher, kiddie.” The woman tickled Rosie’s cheek, and Sherlock suppressed the urge to pull Rosie away. Rosie giggled.
Each store they found seemed to have fewer and fewer supplies, and the rank smell of rot was stronger. At one point they found a larger supermarket with a storeroom, but the door had been broken down and ransacked. They did find a few supplies there, including a blanket, which he wrapped around them both, tying at his waist, so that Rosie was bound to his side. It kept them a little warmer.
“It’s urgent.”
“Don’t, John,” Sherlock snapped.
John extended his hand to Mycroft. Mycroft blinked, and took it.
He lost whatever sense of time he had left. When the sky darkened, or when Rosie’s eyes closed, he stopped and sat, tucking them into a corner where he could see anyone approaching. He would have the gun out and ready, finger on the trigger.
John’s laughter turned to the high-pitched giggle again. “You…” he panted, “you… are insane. You are certifiable, you are. Oh my God.”
Beethoven’s minuet in G: https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=29&v=E_hxUL_yluo&feature=emb_logo
“It is.”
, Sherlock thought again. He turned away from John, away from the sound of the newspaper that John was rattling already. “All right,” he said to the driver.
Sherlock disconnected and turned back to his notes.
he thought.
This picture, too, was closed away in his book and tucked away.
They stood; John noticed that Dunworthy was slower to stand, his knees and back popping. He wondered for a brief moment how old Dunworthy was, and how far from retirement, then dismissed the thought. It was impolite to consider, even in his head.
Sherlock frowned. “John, I-”
“I suspect that Evans will confirm that Garrideb boarded the train to Birmingham, then come here. The train leaves Paddington at eleven.”
. Yes.”
Knitting was an odd thing, Sherlock thought. He wondered how it had developed; thousands of years ago on Earth-that-was, he supposed. But who had taken two sticks and a piece of string and figured out how to manipulate them into a more or less solid object, which could then be made into a garment? Was it an accident? Had someone observed a spider weaving a web, and tried to duplicate it? Had someone figured out mathematically how to do it?
Another old woman carrying a basket of bread passed, looking at them curiously, and Maja gave her a gritted teeth smile. The embassy seemed to get no closer, but Sherlock still walked.
. Nonetheless, he allowed himself to be led to the table and sat down, Rosie in his lap.
Mycroft nodded, his expression inscrutable, and left the room.
If someone had told Greg two years ago that Sherlock would someday be clowning, being silly, for anyone else, Greg would have told them to get off. But here he was. Because of the mirror, Sherlock couldn’t see John, or his reaction; because of the soundproofing, he couldn’t hear John’s giggles except very faintly. But he was acting the fool for John, for the sheer pleasure of
“And you did,” Sherlock said. “Maybe you should put on the show.”
“Seven, unless we get called off for rain,” one woman said. “Unlikely tonight though.”
Sherlock slips his foot into the loop, tests its strength with his weight. “Okay, come on now, John,” he says. He pushes John’s foot into the loop, on top of his own foot, and pulls John in close to him. “Greg!” he shouts up, and the word bounces around the walls of the well. “Got him! Pull!”
Sherlock and Rosie wait out the five days to allow the fallout to dissipate, and their patience wears thin.
“In ballet, we call this a
John arrives in London, April 1895 and meets an extraordinary person.
“All right.”
John was frowning. “You’re dancing something you’ve already danced.  You showed me that choreography the other day – you said you danced it two years ago.”
After the events on Miranda and the broadcast of the horrifying evidence of the Alliance’s role in the rise of the Reavers, the repulsed citizens of the Outer Rim planets began to rebel. The rebellion grew exponentially, leading to the Miranda Wars. Faced with the ire of a populace which had grown in numbers and firepower since the Unification War, the Alliance fell. A new government, referred to as the New Alliance, rose to take its place, promising a better synchronicity with the people it governed.
The cab pulled up in front of Sherlock’s flat on Baker Street. John looked up at the glossy black door, the iron gates. “Westminster?” he said with a touch of awe.
Fame and Infamy – Conflicting Interests – Known Indicators – Promises Made – Confusion and Costumes – An Unforeseen Situation
, it needs to
“You’ve got to be joking.”
“You’re beautiful,” John said, hushed and reverent. “You’re so beautiful.”
“All right,” he said as he stood. “I’ve nothing else to see here. Have you finished as well, Mr. Holmes, or may they have the body taken away now?”
“Thank you. In you get.”
John and Sherlock nodded solemnly at the judges, entered the kitchen, and closed the sliding door.
Wáng bā = son of a bitch
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “And presumably The Woman.”
He knelt at her feet imploring while she stood tall above him,
“Check.”
He did owe Dunworthy, as much as he didn’t like to admit it.
“That’s all I am,” Sherlock said firmly. “I failed Rosie, but she’s got you now. She’s safe here, she’ll be fed and happy, all those things I couldn’t do for her. She doesn’t need me any more.”
Yun slowly, carefully placed his teacup back on the tray. He sat, close beside Sherlock, and Sherlock moved even closer.
parts of a piece. He nearly got caught talking about the route from the flat to the British counsel but quickly covered it up by shouting at Sherlock and storming out of the studio. The guard made him come back into the room.
Now all was done and put away, and a soak in the bath would be perfect.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said quietly. John had still not looked at him, and another question was hanging in the air. After a long, long moment, John licked his lips.
It’s a near thing. Despite the interruption that I still don’t know what to make of, and despite the fact that it was a lovely dinner, and I really like talking to him, and all I can think of is his fingers sliding against my waistband – I don’t sleep with him.
, John thought. He was face to face with the most observant man in the world, who could read a lie on a man’s face as though he were reading a newspaper. “Sherlock, I-”
“Perhaps I’ve overestimated you after all, my dear,” Jim said as he studied the bug. “Perhaps you are as stupid as everyone else.” He dropped the tiny recorder and crushed it underfoot. “Ah well, there’s still your body. I’ll just enjoy fucking you.”
Sherlock cupped his hands full of water and sluiced it over his face. The water turned slightly pink.
Why do men assume that women can’t handle blood? You are a doctor, aren’t you?
“Um. Long time ago, let me think. I think they painted a little bit on a back tooth and waited. Didn’t take long ‘til she swelled up.”
Hat. Jacket, rattling with medals. Braces. Shoes polished to glass. Trousers. Shirt. Vest. Socks. Pants. The General stood, naked, his body ageing but still muscular and powerful. His cock was already starting to plump up. A small smile was fluttering around his mouth.
Xiándì = my virtuous younger brother
“I’m-” Sherlock was having difficulty finding the words. “I’m becoming someone’s personal Companion and I don’t think – I think Jim wouldn’t want me working cases.”
John’s head snapped up, and Sherlock could see anger rising again in his eyes. Sherlock strode over to his bag and pulled out his stereo. He slammed it onto a side table, glaring at John.
John found himself grinning at Holmes, as Holmes grinned back. Then Holmes’ eyes darted to the door, and the grin fell away like a curtain, leaving a stern expression. John saw Martin returning with two women, and willed his own smile away.
Pavlović smiled. “I saw you dance when you were here last. 2013, wasn’t it?” He put on his hat, and moved to the door. “You were sublime. I’m a big fan, you know.” He opened the door and looked back at Sherlock. “Get well soon,” he said, and left.
John handed Sherlock the end of the rope, and he tied it around his waist. Sherlock checked the knot, then opened the window and stepped out onto the ledge. He felt John’s hand on his ankle, and he looked down at him.
He straightens his back, and looks rather smug for a guy that’s only just figured something out about himself. “I am an asexual homoromantic with grey overtones. I have learned that I am capable of love-”
“That’s right, it’s dangerous, and your Daddy doesn’t want you to get hurt. Your Daddy is very smart, isn’t he?” Sherlock had to give himself another little moment but soon had his voice under control. “It’s like the cooker outside right now. Hot and dangerous. In here it’s safe.”
John stepped back, and Sherlock moved to his brother. Mycroft lifted his hand to shake, but Sherlock raised his arms to embrace his brother for the first time since they were children. He heard Mycroft huff in surprise, but then Mycroft’s hands patted his back, briskly but with genuine feeling. They separated, and nodded briefly.
“Fine,” he said. He grabbed the sandwich away. “If only to shut you up.”
ship, and hard work to keep her flyin’, and that’s no life for you. I don’t want to make your life - what did you say, before? - complicated. I can take you to Ariel and you can set up there, you can change your name if you’re worried about that fella-”
“That sounds marvellous,” John said with feeling. His clothes had mostly dried now, but his shirt was still sticking wetly to his back. The worst part of a dunking, John knew from far too much experience, was the clammy stage. A thought occurred to him. “You didn’t make up this case just to get us to Brighton Beach, did you?”
Underlying it all was the source of this breakthrough. Sherlock had had teachers throughout his life, of course - teachers who had pushed him, bullied him, forced him to explore the limits of his body. But John, a man he had known just over a week, had challenged his mind, helped him to achieve new heights in dance. This, too, required more thought.
“Another lap, then do that again,” John said. “Wasn’t ready.”
“Very okay,” Sherlock whispered. He felt safe and comfortable and he never wanted to move again.
The flight was uneventful. John thought that, short of a crash, all flights would be considered uneventful compared to their adrenaline-soaked trip from London to Victoria nearly six months ago: trying to remember his newly-given identity; Sherlock shaking and sweating under the shock of forced assimilation of his disparate personalities; John struggling to keep calm to avoid alerting the flight personnel to the distress.
“Nnnnn.” Another splash.
John counted on his fingers. “My trousers itch. My waistcoat itches. My collar itches. My socks itch. My goddamn underwear itches. And my face itches more than any of that put together.”
“I know,” John said, quietly. “I’m so sorry, Sherlock.” He was silent for a moment, and Sherlock was aware of their sadness flowing between them. “Remember what I said? About opposites?”
He had to admire the courage of the woman, speaking to him so quietly while he held a gun at her. She had said her name but it had already flitted out of his memory. A quick glance told him everything he needed to know:
, John thinks, but before his brain can translate this down to words in his mouth, Sherlock is there, lowering himself down the rope hand over hand, and then splashing next to him. The moonlight glints off his white shirt, and illuminates the well.
At that moment, a car sped by, its windows wide open and the radio blaring:
Sherlock ran through a series of
“Fine. Get out. I can’t stand the sight of you for another minute,” Sherlock snarled.
The blond man watched him go, then put the safety back on the gun. “You all right,
“Both kinds of fish were in the same tank?”
“Brixton, driver, quick as you can,” Holmes said. He sat back in his seat, and looked over at John, his mouth quirking. “You have another question, Doctor?”
Mrs. Hudson turned out to be a tiny older woman, with wrinkles that evidenced both grief and joy in her past. “Mr. Holmes,” she said.
After that, things got a bit blurry again.
“Go, Sherlock! Let’s go!” John shouted over the music.
fēicháng ángguì = prohibitively expensive
“That’s absolutely all right,” he says, and I think I believe him.
, and deeper and oh. My. God.
One, Sherlock would wait for him, and the Met would very likely come to arrest him. Even if John wasn’t with him, there was enough suspicion of Sherlock from the Met that the convenient charge of ‘lewd behaviour’ would provide them with sufficient
John never thought he’d be glad to see Mycroft’s silhouette, but there he was, outlined by the weak morning sunlight coming down the hospital corridor.
John looked over in the same direction that the crew were looking, and his breath stopped. A figure in black was walking – no, half running – from the backstage up the far right side of the amphitheatre. John noted the slumped shoulders, the lumbering gait, and knew that he had found their thief.
“Here, Sherlock, here, lie down, like this. That’s right. Put your arm – yes, that’s it. Lift your leg.” Sherlock obeyed as though in a dream, and John neatly tucked his knee between Sherlock’s thighs. Clever John had tangled them up together on the sofa neatly, their bodies intertwined and their lips only millimeters apart. Sherlock sighed in pleasure and stretched his body against John’s.
“No. Do you think we should argue some more? For the cameras, I mean.”
Sherlock barked a laugh. “Ridiculous. And how much of that is your collection fee?”
“Don’t tell anyone, all right? That annoying pup Emil thinks it should be him, but he’s nowhere near as qualified as you are.”
“Ah! You’re up, excellent,” Holmes said.
[They both execute a
Sherlock’s hands were still at his trouser line, his thumbs sliding back and forth, back and forth along his waistline, as if gathering courage. He seemed to decide, and his hands quickly undid the button and flies. Before John could take a breath, Sherlock had slid off his trousers, pants, shoes, and socks.
He tucked the newspaper away in his jacket pocket, and stood, brushing the pastry crumbs off his front and mustache. Perhaps he could ask around, once he got to know a few people here.
“Beat the shit out of me, to be honest.”
“And this era as well,” Dunworthy said. “I remember you in your first year, after you switched from pre-med to history. A whole room full of kids with auto-pens or tablets, and you, right in the middle, writing with an old fashioned pen and notebook.”
. But at the moment, the needs of his transport had swept away his discipline and Sherlock was ravenously hungry.
“Shut. Up.”
I go cold at that, at the thought that he honestly believed no one would mourn him. Even the way he says it, it’s like a robot. How fucked up is this guy? A café of idiots indeed.
When Mrs Hudson called, “Time!” John gazed with pride at their creation; when he looked up, Sherlock was instead staring at him with a tiny smile on his face, his eyes sparking with something John had never seen before.
JOHN:    I think that’s got it.
“Yeah. Are you time-lagged? You look pretty wired.”
Sherlock stopped dead in the doorway, nearly falling over himself with his abrupt halt. Rosie looked up at Sherlock with her adoring grin that never failed to make John smile.
John cradled Sherlock’s head in his hands, his fingers reaching into Sherlock’s hair. “I can’t wait to show you everything, Sherlock Holmes.”
“You must be hungry, John, you haven’t eaten since lunch and it’s well past eleven now.”
Five hours later, the plane dipped its wing over a cityscape that glittered with office buildings, and an impossibly tall thin tower that looked like a 1960s version of a futuristic spaceship. Even Sherlock lifted his eyes from his phone to look.
“Oh dear,” Mrs. Hudson sighed. She shook his arm slightly. “You go take care of him.”
“And do you see, sir, that the wood of the window frame splintered in the manner that it did, that this bullet must have come from outside the window, and not from Mrs. Cubitt, who was clearly inside?”
And how she would talk. He found it exhausting, trying to maintain a conversation with her when her lines of logic were more like strands of spaghetti, curving and twisting at will. She would talk about mushrooms, then squirrels, then Peppa Pig, switching without warning, in a way that made sense only to her. Sherlock, who generally spent his days either working on a case or in silence, found that the non-stop patter jangled on his nerves.
“Hello, brother,” Mycroft said, as though it was teatime. “Do sit. We’re taking off immediately.”
“How long?” he said.
Sherlock took his hand, bowing deeply over it. “
At that moment, John heard the muffled sound of a knock at the door, and Holmes grinned broadly – and perhaps a little madly. “You are about to discover, Dr. Watson. I believe that is a message from Detective Gregson of Scotland Yard, and he, as he frequently does, needs my help.”
“She was getting frail, you know. When I arrived I was shocked to see her, but you know how when she smiles the years just drop away? So I thought… but last night-”
John smiled at the wave of happiness sweeping through his body. He poured his tea, turned away to hide it. “Not at all.”
, Sherlock thinks dully.
“Piece of art? Sculpture, painting?”
John’s voice was soft, so soft that Sherlock was sure he’d misheard. “What?”
. Spring is coming, they are looking for a place to nest.”
“Then dance the lead. I can follow; I wasn’t always this tall, you know. I learned both parts.”
“Sherlock, you must be cautious of your reputation. For you to be… entertaining a man of no worth-”
John was still silent. Sherlock felt as though he was careening on the edge of a cliff, not sure whether he was falling forward or backwards.
“Yup,” Sherlock said, popping the P with delight. “You were a medic.”
He led her to the ladder leading down the side of the building and they crept down. There was a gap of about five feet at the bottom to the ground, and Sherlock jumped down, feeling the vibration of the earth under his feet. He lifted his arms and let Maja slither down the rest of the way.
. He had had a breakthrough of some sort, but he needed some time to figure out what it was.
“Of course,” Martin said. “This way, gentlemen.”
“Yes,” the General sighed, a great exhalation of air, relief pouring out of his lungs.
John was astonished at the amount of stuff that Holmes had crammed into the hansom cab. Between him and John and the cab driver (after being plied with a half crown), it took nearly an hour to unload the cab and carry everything upstairs. Throughout the process, Holmes kept shouting, “Be careful with that, dolt! It’s delicate equipment!” The cabbie started to look rebellious at one point, until John gave him another shilling.
“So while this one is a little more dense-”
“Do you know what’s happening?” John said.
Rosie was quieter now, and only a few minutes later Sherlock emerged with Rosie in his arms. Rosie was dressed in a little plush dressing gown, and was clinging to a bee stuffy that was her favourite bedtime toy. Her head rested on Sherlock’s shoulder, her eyes already drooping.
“It’s good to do. To be able to.”
“That move. Surely it can’t be called ‘bendy knees’.”
. I know that might be a challenge, but give it a try.”
“Oh my God.”
“That’s not saying much about the televidders you do watch.”
Moira looked at the screen again, looked at the agitated movements of the man. He reminded her a bit of her brother.
“Sorry,” John said, and kept stomping.
Sherlock huffed a laugh into the sofa. “My brother is
Suddenly all the fight went out of John. He released Sherlock, and Sherlock slumped back to the floor. He took a gulp of air, then another, and looked up at John. John was still kneeling, his face in his hands.
Sherlock quickly checked his jacket pocket and pulled out the postcard. “Yes.”
There was a bead of sweat on John’s right temple. A single drop of sweat, resting there. The room had disappeared to Sherlock. He and John were dancing inside a bubble, where only they and the music existed. John was dancing with skill, dancing with Sherlock better than anyone ever had, and dancing with so much effort that he was sweating. Sweating and smiling at Sherlock.
Fleabag arrives at Baker Street with her mission but is thrown off by another person visiting John and Sherlock.
Distractions and Interruptions – Deceit for a Good Cause – a Desperate Attempt – Instinctive Action - Motivation
John put his hands together and clubbed at the man’s ear. It was a direct hit, and the man fumbled his grip. It gave Sherlock enough space to turn in the man’s arms and get his shoulder into his chest, then push him backwards into the wall. The nunchuks fell away from Sherlock’s neck, but the man didn’t let go of them. He stepped back, spinning the weapon in a deadly whirl. Sherlock twisted free but his shoulder fell into the path of the weapon, and John heard the
“Sherlock?” Mycroft said. “Sherlock, will you say hello to me?”
“Not at all,” John said, smiling. “It was very educational. Your hospital is the marvel of the age.”
“G. Lestrade – thought you said your name was Holmes.”
“Ugh.”
“Oh Doctor Watson, terrible, terrible!”
, Mycroft,” Sherlock sighed.
“For what?”
stay in jail. He’ll take care of it.”
“Oh my God.” John pulled a reluctant Sherlock into the room, a disbelieving laugh finally making its way out of his mouth. “We can’t pass this up. This is amazing.”
John woke in the middle of the night, sweating and gasping. When he had slowed his racing heart, he turned on the light, knowing that there would be no more sleep for him tonight.
“Ah yes,” Garrideb said. “He mentioned he might call.”
I own a café. Who’s this?
“Yeah,” John said, and his voice was steady, even though Sherlock could feel every one of his muscles quivering with restraint. His hand shook as he stroked Sherlock’s thighs, soothing but eager.
He broke the surface with a gasp - partly for show but more real than he wanted to admit to himself. He flailed in the water, taking a moment to notice that the newsvidder drones had followed him down. He reached out to the closest one, as if asking it to help him, then let himself sink back down into the water.
“Large coffee, please. Black.”
“Sherlock, we can’t-” John hissed, “We have to keep going, we have to - oh.”
I find myself saying all this out loud, to my embarrassment. He laughs. In a nice way. That’s good too. He looks at his watch and tells me he’s got nowhere to be, could he take me out for a drink?
(See the end of the chapter for
As they followed him, John looked around the house. No castle by any definition, but it was a grand house. Clearly the Cubitt family was an old family of the area, with many generations of money showing in the heavy, dark furniture and rich tapestries. Stuffed heads of animals were on the walls, and even though John knew this was a common decoration of the era, he still found them slightly alarming. But all was dusted and clean and well cared for – Mrs. Cubitt had obviously kept her husband’s house in good order.
“I’m afraid we have a pressing appointment shortly, and must depart.” John raised his eyebrows; he was sure there was no appointment. Truth be told, he was a bit disappointed that Holmes was turning down the offer.
I can hear their voices – John’s, low; Sherlock’s a lot louder but not angry. That boy must have swallowed a bullhorn when he was a kid, his voice resonates like anything. There’s a third voice that I can’t quite hear until I’m just a few steps from the top.
“I recognize, albeit reluctantly, your need for paperwork after a case because of our antiquated justice system,” Sherlock said. “However, I object strongly to being treated like a child or like a common criminal in the pursuit of it.”
He closed his eyes and tilted his head up. He was shaking.
“You sure?”
“Did he say anything? His name?”
Then he sighed, picked up his phone, and dialed.
John carefully measured out the ingredients into a bowl, the heady smell of activating yeast making him crave beer. Soon enough he had a sticky mass, which he regarded doubtfully. Undeterred, he turned it out onto the table, well covered with flour, and began to knead. In no time the dough had worked its way up his forearms, drying in a prickly way on the hair there.
I look at Sherlock, who’s fiddling with the condensation on a table. Making circles in the water. I see a glimmer of something there; something familiar. Sad. Regretful. And – something else.
Sherlock stared. “You want to… what?”
I wipe my face, and as quietly as I can, slip past them and out the door. Just as I’m going down the stairs, I look back at them, holding each other tight, swaying slightly.
“Perhaps it’s not as extreme as that. You’ve told me of your father’s reaction when you were a child – are you concerned that Sherlock will minimize or ignore your personal interests and talents? Or perhaps you are hoping for praise that will not be forthcoming?
means, John.” Still not looking up.
“Rich fella like you? What the hell for?”
“No, I meant – I’m
“If you want to go,” Dunworthy said gently.
“Is she all right?” Sherlock said quietly.
“Right. So today you’ll be making us a Black Forest cake.”
Finally, Rosie’s energy had come to an end and she was now ‘flaked out’, as Mrs Hudson said. John’s arm was around Sherlock’s shoulders, and their heads were tilted together, smiling, eyes closed in equal parts happiness and exhaustion.
Sherlock saw him coming, and stopped pacing. John walked over, stopping in front of him – not touching, but closer than they ever had before.
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock said. “Now if you’ll excuse me…”
So much had been left unsaid for months, years. Apologies, clarity of intentions. Declarations. Definition of terms.
John held out his hand, palm up. “Still want that coffee?”
Giselle is one of the more frequently performed ballets. It's the story of a young woman who is jilted by a prince, Albrecht, and dies of grief, dancing herself to death. In the second act, the prince visits her grave and is surrounded by Willis, the ghosts of wronged women. The Queen of the Willis directs him to dance to his death as well. It's a super, melodramatic story, and a demanding role for Giselle, Albrecht and the Queen.
“Remember that I worked with each of your personalities for nearly a year before you integrated with them. I know their voices well.”
Sherlock allowed himself to be led away, stumbling over debris, not able to take his eyes off the torn and broken body of his client, the one for whom only the best would do.
“She is still a widow.”
“On it.”  Jerome shifted his weight so he could get to his phone, but Bantam didn’t resist or try to bolt – he clearly knew the game was up and had given up all resistance. He rolled his eyes up to John.
Then Sherlock’s belly was gone, Sherlock had knelt and had wrapped his arms around John, and they were kissing. Kissing hard and with tiny groans, arms and hands gripping at shoulders and backs and hair. Salt mingling on their faces, giving way to soft laughter of relief, relief of years of anger and fear and loss. Relief at how simple it was, after all.
“What’s the matter, John?”
“Good,” John says, and he closes his eyes and rests against Sherlock.
“Draw. Five minutes.”
. But I’m here instead. And all because five years ago I did a favour for my-”
Rules and Risks – Planning – Distractions – Moderation Scorned – Ruffled Hair – Yearning and Laundry – Resolutions
John had a fleeting memory of their flight from England, of John watching Sherlock as the various personalities battled and fought inside him; of his feeling of absolutely helplessness.
“So you take them out for… a date?”
“Hello Sherlock,” he said. His voice was lilting and husky at once. “I know we haven’t met, and I know this is unusual. But please allow me to introduce myself.”
“Listen, smartarse. I don’t know what the hell happened to make Pavlović so pissed off with you, but I don’t care. I honestly haven’t the first clue why I’m here. Clearly you’re well enough to be up and about, and enough to be a complete arsehole, which I’m guessing is your normal state of being. I am a doctor. Not a – ballet master, not a babysitter, not a security guard or what have you. I assumed they wanted me about in case you keeled over again, but that doesn’t explain why my wife and I are locked up as well. I have patients back home that I should be taking care of, but no, I’m here watching you act like an idiot. You’re here to dance, apparently. So dance.”
Sherlock blinked, then untwisted himself and faced forward in his chair. John thought that he should be stiff and aching from being so still for so long, but Sherlock simply rolled his shoulders and stood.
It was dawn before he was satisfied. Then he ripped the picture out of the notebook and folded it up carefully, put it in his coat pocket.
John was surprised; this was the most Sherlock had shared about his time away. He had known, intuitively, that the time away had not been all fun and games, but he hadn’t realized the extent of it. “What happened?” he said at last.
are you?” Anderson said.
“Ah, swans,” said Holmes. “Of the family
“I like wine too, you know,” John snapped.
“John, it doesn’t make sense,” he said, trying to sound rational despite the hollow churn of fear at the thought of leaving, of going back into the wastelands of London. “It doesn’t. I’m a waste of resources here.”
A subtle whistle sounded and Sherlock sighed, “
“My mother’s family had an estate in France, which my brother has maintained. We can go there for some time until the tension has passed, tell others that we are on an extended case.”
Suddenly he was laughing, laughing as silently as he could. He laughed at the madness of the situation: trapped in Serbia, an armed guard only a short distance away, and this wonderful, maddening man in his arms who wanted him, wanted him badly enough to risk everything. In the shower of a dance studio.
“No can do, Sherlock. Terribly sorry, old chap.” She imitated his accent, quite well actually; Sherlock could see how she could disappear into whatever persona she claimed.
Sherlock knew that John was thinking about the shower, just as he was – re-living the sensation of their hands on each other, the way they fit in each other’s arms.
SHERLOCK: Oh good Lord. You do this four shows a week?
“You having a party, Mr. Holmes?” Ali said as he piled the bags, warm and fragrant, into Sherlock’s arms.
“And what of Slade, and his love for Mrs. Cubitt?”
“Kind sir, please take some of my high-brow tea.”
“No, I wasn’t – I’m fine. I saw you, someone was carrying you…”
“Let’s just say I’m a freelancer.”
“Hm. Well, my brother did want to talk to you about a debriefing, and perhaps doing some one-off assignments. You are still MI6, I believe. Or at least you could be, as soon as your ‘missing, presumed dead’ status is corrected.”
Bahdri said, “It’s time, John. Security comes around in twenty minutes.”
JOHN: Those are hard-soled, they’ll do.
“Someday,” John whispered brokenly into his ear, “I’m going to make love to you lying down. In a bed and all.”
“And that?”
As she entered his frame of vision, he snapped his head up to her. For a moment, he deduced her by habit (small lunch of fruit and cheese, no dinner, blister on right big toe) before bringing himself back to the moment. She caressed his cheek, then turned away. The entire second movement of the piece was filled with the push/pull of passion: the pull of desire and eroticism and temptation, then the push of rejection; emotional manipulation in dance.
John knew, intellectually, that cocaine and other hard drugs were in relatively accepted use during this era. He knew that cocaine and morphine were common ingredients in many household medicines – even in children’s cough syrup. The pendulum of public distaste for such drugs would not swing for several years to come. He knew that what Holmes was doing was hardly cause for alarm for a contemp; that if Mrs. Hudson were to walk in on this scene, she would likely simply shake her head and go about her business.
He ran directly into the backstage area, not caring now if the actors saw him. There were a few startled glances, a few whispered shouts of “Hey!” but John ignored them all. He ran to the far side of the stage, then spied a small green wooden shed standing in the woods. The dark was gathering around him, but he caught the glint of stage lights on a padlock on the door.
“A case and a night in Brighton? Of course it is,” John said, warming with affection. “But let’s do Angelo’s too, when we get home. Can’t let him feel left out.”
Sherlock was silent, letting John have space. Obviously the memory was painful.
Hitting the water hurt considerably more than Sherlock had anticipated. He had been able to twist his body around so he hit the water feet first rather than flat out – if he had landed like that, he was sure he would break several bones. As it was, the impact was not as bad as it could have been, but it still hurt. He shot beneath the surface of the water in a cluster of bubbles. For a moment he was disoriented, not sure which was the way to the surface. Then he saw the bubbles rising, and followed them.
John held up an imperious hand. “Coffee.”
“We tried, back when we first got married, but… we thought we’d missed our chance. Too old, you know.”
“Ah, right. Well, you’re not the first to make that assumption. But we’re not a couple,” John says gently.
Once the body had been removed, Martin turned to Holmes. “Now then, Mr. Holmes – do you concur with my analysis of the situation?”
“Don’t deny it, Sherlock. I know you don’t really have the family background to tell you that this is not the way to behave, but it isn’t. I should never have – I turned you away, and turned you away, and I hurt you over and over again. Mentally and physically.”
Michael ran through a series of steps, while Sherlock watched carefully. “Yes, that’s it, you’ve got it. Just watch that you’ve got your ankle turned out properly.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said distinctly. “Thank you.”
There was a scratching and a click from the door downstairs, and the mood broke. “He’s here,” Holmes whispered. “Hide yourself, Watson, and gun at the ready.”
The darkness inside the shed was total, and John fumbled for the small torch he always carried with him. He had expected to see Sherlock crouched in a corner, or perhaps standing imperiously waiting for John to arrive, but he saw nothing but clutter – thrones, boxes, a fake deer which startled John badly, tools, brooms, and, most bizarrely, a wooden coffin.
“Much, much sooner.”
“Better hurry,” Sherlock said. “That guard will be calling his supervisor in a minute. Or getting in his own car. I don’t think that’s just a stage door guard.”
“Yes.
“Good coffee,” John said at last. “In answer to your questions: about fifty kilos, yes but with difficulty, no, no idea. Where we going?”
“And people who work backstage often wear what, John?”
“Significant heartbreak,” Sherlock says, as if it’s a revelation. “Not married, but....oh.”
“Need to get it off me.”
“Thank you,” he said softly to her. Then he straightened his back, all business again. “You work on commission, do you not?”
Sherlock sagged with relief – his accent was clearly, undoubtedly English. “Thank God,” he said, shaking the man’s hand. “Are you from the embassy? I couldn’t get word-”
“I have John Watson, Mr. Holmes. Think of that. My men are not gentle. He’ll confess eventually; everyone does.”
That said he was grateful there wasn’t more. His old bedsit was a third floor walk-up, and at 221B it was a flight up to the sitting room and another to John’s new room. If there had been more stuff, the stairs would have killed him. His leg wasn’t completely healed, and he wasn’t twenty any more. Not that his new flatmate had helped at all; Sherlock had been sat at the kitchen table the whole time, tinkering with some sort of chemistry experiment.
“Kindly start from the beginning, Mr. Cubitt,” Holmes said. He sat back in his chair and pressed his palms together, fingertips at his lips.
Yǒng yuǎn = forever (made up drug name!)
“I’m such a fool,” John whispered.
“You’re sending me – back?”
Sherlock tried not to sigh too loudly as he let the words wash over them. It wasn’t a bad production, really; someone had taken the time to be historically accurate with the costumes, but the sword fights had been ridiculous, swiping at each other with no real sense of the tension that the scene called for. He wondered for a moment about how different his life would have been if he’d been an actor – then smiled with a sudden memory of John: “
I keep tightening the belt on my coat, like some kind of modern chastity belt.
“John, we’re leaving,” Sherlock said, slurring somewhat. “Anderson
“We caught him red-handed,” Anderson said, his voice rising in volume and pitch. “That’s sufficient to indict him.”
The words fall into the sudden silence of the room like anvils.
“What’s the matter?”
Mycroft said.
They were taken up to the fifth floor, where they were shown into a large studio, with mirrors and a ballet barre lining one wall, and huge arching windows looking over the river and flooding the room with light. A rosin box sat in the corner. There was another door on the other side of the studio, and Sherlock could see white tile beyond – a shower and toilet, no doubt. They had thought of everything a dancer could need.
I’m such an idiot.
“I know, Mummy,” Sherlock said. His eyes flickered to Mycroft, sitting beside Mrs Holmes, and Mycroft gave a small nod.
He looked over at Sherlock, whose frown was deepening as he read.
Sherlock was walking around the displays, looking at each picture keenly but briefly, with occasional glances at the artist if they were standing nearby. John could recognize the look in his eye – that analyzing, deductive, slicing look. A couple of the students attempted to talk to him, but Sherlock would only hum in response and sweep on.
“Not just as a textbook either. The full treatment. Your picture on the front and everything.”
He made his way over and inserted himself into the conversation, playing the role of baffled tourist.
“Are you listening now?” Sherlock said.
“John! Lestrade just called and it’s a triple-”
“Which leaves us about an hour.”
“Because you’re a man?”
“So you can talk.”
At the next phrase in the music, Sherlock moved his feet into first position, and rose up on his toes over eight beats. John did the same, following as they returned their heels to the ground.
“No, sir, he just locked Mr. Holmes in, not Doctor Watson.”
“We’re going out for a coffee. Get some air.”
They stare each other in the eyes, and I’m nearly crossing my fingers and toes – they’re so close.
“I do. Feel things,” Sherlock said again. “You and Rosie. But, um… in different ways.”
The song Sherlock sings is a traditional French lullaby. The translation is more or less this:
“We’ll get her back, John.”
Jim picked up the iron kettle, pouring hot water over the cups and teapot to warm them. “To be honest, I was surprised you contacted me, that you even looked at my proposal. I wouldn’t have been surprised if you hadn’t – you don’t know me from Adam.”
“Stupid bitch,” he snarls.
,’ Mycroft had said. But neither of them had anticipated this scenario. Mycroft had said his team was being taken to a bunker, likely deep underground, but even if he and the other politicians were still alive, how could Mycroft see that Sherlock was there? How could Sherlock get a message to him? How long should he wait, or was waiting a dangerous waste of time? What if the bunker itself had been destroyed? It was likely a space created during WWII, and possibly insufficient for the impact of the blast that had struck London.
she said. “I remember when you first came to us - all arms and legs and hair and mouth.”
Here's how it is: Sherlock fixes something for John, plays with knives, and learns something new.
John thought about newspaper accounts of the time, how sensational and tawdry they could be. Reports of cases of homosexual behaviour was generally done in a sniggering, mocking tone, making what was already a difficult situation worse in the eyes of the public.
Sherlock and John stared at each other. It was clear from John’s face that this was not normal procedure for taking off; and Sherlock knew his eyes were as wide as John’s. “What do we-”
John put his grocery bags down; this could take a while and his hands were starting to hurt. “I actually have heard a couple cures, they seem to work.”
He heard the scrape of the chair pulled to centre stage, just in front of him, and allowed Florence to pull him to his feet. His body now loose and lax, he slumped over the chair. She lifted him by the hair and directed his attention to the noose hanging at the back of the stage. Then in a flurry of movement, she pushed him over, chair and all, tossed her hair, and exited.
“This is not a photography class, and I’m not going to teach you how to draw something with the accuracy of a camera,” she said at the first class. “Drawing is not about reproducing what is in front of you, but about bringing it to life on the page. In the hands of the right artist, art comes to life not in the lines you draw, but in the negative space between the lines.”
Sherlock took the paper, glanced at the headline. “Who’s this Wilde fellow? Do you know him?”
“- Sherlock!”
“She had
“He means he likes kissing and cuddling,” John supplies.
John was too dazed to protest, and found himself propelled into the washroom. He stared at himself in the mirror, and despite his own blurry state of mind, he had to agree with Bahdri – he did look a mess. He turned on the water.
“Of course not, she’s – she’s projecting, it’s not-”
“Or I’ll go out,” Sherlock says, already reaching for his coat. “Leave the flat to you two. I’ll be at the lab, won’t be back for hours.”
He heard the first woman, his guide, speaking to the cook. He wished he could remember their names so he could teach them to Rosie.
But if this man was not from the embassy, who was he? Why was Sherlock here with him, and the sullen woman at the table?
JOHN: [Grins] Me too, love. Next combo?
“Oh heavens, we mustn’t start showing off now,” Sherlock said.
“What?”
Her teacup clicked abruptly against the saucer. Sherlock smiled into his cup.
“You use that word so often, and yet you clearly don’t really know what it means,” Sherlock said, still focused on the body, trying to ignore the flood of information from the living people in the room. (Lestrade –
As soon as the words ‘The End’ appeared on the screen, Sherlock jumped up. “Bunch of sentimental claptrap,” he snarled, and strode to his room, shutting the door firmly.
I try not to think about him. Sometimes I succeed, for whole minutes at a time. Last week, I think there was an hour in there. Mind you, I was tallying up the taxes for the café, but a
Bahdri sighed. “A bit. It’s all still rumour, of course. That there was some massive slippage on some drops and Lassiter panicked. You know how risk-averse he is.”
He had picked up Rosie from nursery but they had gotten caught in the rain before John could get into the Tube station. Rosie had complained loudly all the way home about being wet, and he got a few glares from some people, pitying looks from others. He hated both.
“Non-practicing, for many and sundry reasons,” Sherlock/Victor said with a small smile that made John wonder what the circumstances were for Victor to volunteer at the House. “Come on then.”
“No,” Sherlock said, and Mrs. Hudson patted his hand again. “I won’t leave Belgrade without him.”
“Oh God,” Sherlock groaned, as he closed the bedroom door behind them.
Sherlock remembered sitting on his grandfather's lap, the smell of his pipe. He stroked the watch, not able to look up.
“Are you bemoaning again?” Mycroft asked from the door. “As I’ve told you countless times, diplomacy cannot be rushed, brother dear. It is a wheel that must move slowly, or-”
His efforts were interrupted by a polite beep from his vidder. He leapt up, hoping it was John calling back, but was disappointed to find that it was a message from his brother. A glance at the screen told him it was the proposal Mycroft had spoken of.
“Mr. Holmes?”
Sherlock gave the Commissioner his most charming smile. “Let me introduce you to some people you may not know,” he said.
“What? Oh.”
His head shoots up to stare at me. I wonder for a moment if he’s checking for alternate exits, but he just looks confused. “I have no attitude towards them one way or another.”
But dinner was relaxed, filled with conversation about last night’s case, and today’s shift at the surgery, and their plans to travel to Sussex to the Holmes’s cottage. Sherlock was breathtakingly beautiful by candlelight, and John was warm with happiness and hope.
“Yeah,” John says, air chattering the word out.
Sherlock stripped off the hoodie he wore and hung it on a hook near the doorway. If John or the guard came to check on him, hopefully the hoodie would reinforce the idea that he was having a shower and give him some privacy. That might give him enough time to get away.
“Show-off.”
“I will tell you everything, John, and answer any questions you have. But could we do this in order? What happened after you went back into the flat?”
No restraints. Hm.
This chapter describes Sherlock dancing a ballet where his character commits suicide. It is simulated using stagecraft, but if this distresses you please feel free to skip this chapter. Plot will start up in earnest next chapter.
Was John still in the underground? Was he in a cab, and couldn’t hear the phone? Was he in the interview already, and had turned his phone off to avoid distraction? Sherlock’s fingers went into his hair and he pulled until he heard the beep.
“I know there’s a baby,” John snapped.
“So long as you also build a fire so I can admire your arse as you do so.”
“Well, yes. I’m not really the type to be kept.”
“With some detective work on the side.”
He lowered the gun to his side but didn’t put it away.
“Do call Mummy, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, and his voice was not as smooth as usual. “She did worry so.” He slid back into the car and drove away.
“I won’t stand for this, I won’t,” John shouted. “You sick bastard.”
“No, I mean it. If you had had that when we were dating I would never had let you break up with me.”
John reared back in surprise, at the question and at Sherlock’s proximity; why did this suddenly feel like an interrogation? “What woman?”
Rosie slept through the night. Sherlock hoped that her trauma would ebb away as she dreamed.
John stood still for a moment, letting his eyes adjust from the bright lights of the Balliol lab to the deep darkness of an alleyway in London at 4:20am, April 14, 1895.
John and Sherlock were quiet in the car on the way back to the flat, but Sherlock was smiling inwardly to himself. John seemed to take up more room in the car than he had on the way out; sitting taller, shoulders wider. He held his cane, tapping absently on the floor with it. When they had left the studio, Sherlock had passed him the cane, but John carried it loosely rather than leaning on it. Sherlock wondered at John’s injuries which had made the cane necessary in the first place, but realized that there would be no private time when he could ask.
“I beg your pardon?” He couldn’t have heard that right, Holmes couldn’t have said –
Mycroft’s mouth twitched in a small smile. “All right, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, his voice gentler than he had ever heard it. “What – what shall I tell Mummy?”
After the kiss wound down, John tilted his forehead against Sherlock’s, and laughed gently. “Well,” he said.
Oh my God,” Sherlock snapped. “No, you uneducated fools. It’s ‘
No reply, but he could hear Sherlock still moving around. A bit erratically, maybe he was cleaning up and hadn’t heard John. John shrugged and slipped deeper into the water.
“Uncle Mycroft here?”
Molim vas? - Please?
“I often suspect that you call me in for anything more serious than a child stealing candy.”
Wǒ de tiān a = Oh my God
“Do you need help?”
They were in one of Mycroft's exclusives clubs, where old money and snobbery lay in the air like a choking fog. It made Sherlock want to scream, run about, knock over tables.
@CaptiveRiptide did this amazing blend of the Gregory Hines clip with the Mumford and Sons - enjoy! https://youtu.be/lO61s-hmxoA
He looked at Maja, who had also stopped. John’s face was still creased and angry, but he spoke a few soft words. Sherlock was too far away to hear, separated by distance and a pane of thick glass.
John grunted and sighed with a great gust of air, and then he was coming. The cords on John’s neck bulged hard against Sherlock’s lips. Warm streams of come tracked over the back of Sherlock’s hand, droplets landing on his belly. John shuddered with an aftershock, then bit at Sherlock’s collarbone as he sped up his strokes.
“When they said you would be spending time at a rehearsal studio, I took the risk and brought my old shoes. Thought I might get a chance.”
“That was a good case,” Sherlock said at last.
They finished with a flourish, and the bubble around them broke as the crowd roared. They were immediately surrounded by people, clapping Sherlock on the back, shouting out their congratulations and amazement. Sherlock found himself gulping for air, aware of the effort of the dance for the first time. He saw Commissioner Yun pushing his way through the crowd towards him, his brows knotted and stern, then felt a firm tug on his hand.
“I’ve been in every shop in Soho, and looked everywhere, and I can’t find anything that’s… it needs to be perfect, you see. In the past, I didn’t care, about Christmas, or presents, but now – it has all this
“Look again, genius. Look at the size of that bath. That is a bathtub that you can
Rather than admit he did, Sherlock said, “Why do you swim like that?”
“She’s brilliant. She’s a professor at a prestigious university. She’s had several papers published on improving the agriculture of Terraformed planets.”
“You are very perceptive.” Sherlock sighed. “I’m – I’m having increasing difficulties maintaining cohesion. There is… discontent. I don’t understand.”
“Got walloped by my Da for drawing on my wall with it when I was three.” John grinned at Sherlock, and Sherlock grinned back.
She smiled at him. “I forget, you’ve lived your whole life on Persephone, haven’t you? Never been into the Black.” She paused, and Sherlock knew she was gathering her thoughts.
“My dad left when I was twelve, and I always promised that if I ever… that I wouldn’t be a man that does that to their child.”
“You must be joking.”
said a different voice behind them.
Rénxiōng = my kind older brother
“Wonder what he’ll make of
“Don’t go anywhere. I’m comin’ to you.”
“I shall go lie down and close my eyes and pretend this room does not exist,” Sherlock said. He turned back into the room, but John caught him.
“Captain Pavlović thought that, did he.” Sherlock said. He crossed his arms over his chest, ignoring the pain it caused his ribs. “And how exactly do you know Captain Pavlović?”
John found himself caught up in Holmes’ energy, and followed him down the stairs. As if by mutual agreement, they both stopped at the foot of the stairs and gathered themselves, resuming a calmer demeanour. John had a sudden image of himself and Holmes charging into the sitting room like boys on Christmas morning.
He hummed to himself, then began to scrape long curls from a bar of rich, dark chocolate. Then he carefully arranged the curls on the top of the cake to read ‘221B’. It was still plain next to John’s trees, but Sherlock nodded with satisfaction.
The general nodded sharply, then turned and nodded to the driver of the car. The driver moved to the back door of the car, opened it, and helped a man out.
“Then I found The Work, and winter only meant snow getting in the way of clues, or freezing would preserve footprints in mud, and so forth.”
“I see,” he breathed. “You’re afraid. If I walk through those gates, your mission has failed. Both of your missions,” he said, nodding at Maja as well. “But are you willing to make things worse by taking me in publicly? Oh!” Sherlock smiled. “I think I see now – this operation has been under the table, hasn’t it? Your superiors don’t know about your little plan. You hoped to show me off at the performance, then let them take me as your prize.
Without a word, they walked together out of the lab and outside into the warm, muggy air. John had had some time to explore the immediate area a little bit, and instead of turning toward the Starbucks where they had been getting their coffee for the last ten days, he turned in the opposite direction, past the museum. Sherlock hesitated as though to question him, then followed in silence.
The driver led them to an ancient elevator, just big enough for the four of them. It creaked slowly up two stories and juttered to a halt at a small anteroom with a closed door. A large man wearing a suit was waiting there. The driver opened the elevator door and let them out, then took the elevator back down.
John was silent for a long moment, and Sherlock wondered if he was going to respond at all.
“I – oh.”
“Yes; careful not to overpower with the lime.”
The Commissioner leaned in close. “I have the honour of having you on my arm.”
Mycroft began to drone on about construction and rebuilding phases for the city of London, but Sherlock ignored them all, only drinking up the sight of John’s delight.
She looked up at him seductively, all red lips and dark eyelashes. Queen of the Willis, indeed.
“The Rim can be dark, and wide, and vast. Some think it’s cold, and lonely, but I never felt that out there. I was with the right people, and I never felt alone.” She laughed to herself. “Mal - the captain - oh, he was a
The teacher, Mrs. Roshni, was about ten years older than John, with salt and pepper hair in a neat bob. John wondered what Sherlock would interpret from the callouses on her hands; what John could tell immediately was that she was a good teacher who was quite happy to be teaching art to adults at night school.
John knew that on the television show, the recipes for the technical bake would be pared down to the basics, forcing the contestants to rely upon their baking knowledge to fill in the blanks. Mrs Hudson seemed to have taken pity on them, as the recipe seemed to be more or less complete. This would mean, John reasoned, that their two cakes would be similar in taste; therefore, the difference would have to be in the decoration. He started thinking ahead about how to make his cake unique.
“Put me back together.”
Cubitt was looking at him with a restrained desperation – but John wasn’t sure if he was desperate to be told his fears were foundless, or that they were genuine.
“In the river.”
“John!” Sherlock called, and his voice was muffled and strained.
Sherlock sighed. “How much did John tell you?”
Everything was chaos then, with the cracking of furniture and bodily thumps, and over it all, an enraged wordless scream. John’s hands pressed against the fire in his leg, feeling the stickiness of the blood on his hands. He remembered when he was shot in Afghanistan, feeling the blood sink out of him and taking all his will and hope with it. He remembered being evacuated, each jostle of the stretcher sending a new wave of pain through his body. Fever and infection made the days blend together, until he saw Colin Templar bending over him, dressed in a contemporary nurse’s uniform, saying, “You missed the rendezvous, Mr. Watson. I’ve come to take you home.”
“There are many trees in a forest,” John said clearly.
Then they sprang into action, hauling Hope to his feet and holding him firmly as he swayed. They talked about taking Hope’s cab to the Yard, as John stood, panting slightly, John looked up and saw Holmes staring at him, his eyes full of curiosity and wonder.
John reached across the table and grabbed at Sherlock’s flailing hands. Sherlock stared at him, wide-eyed.
“Whether they’re good looking?”
“Ah,” said the man. “But many trees can make a forest. And you can lose yourself in a forest.”
John shook his head ruefully. “You know, people aren’t supposed to be able to put their head down by their ankle like that.”
“Cuz it’s hot and burny.”
John couldn’t seem to decide whether to stare at Sherlock, the bowl of chocolate, or the microwave. For a moment he wondered if Sherlock was taking the mickey, trying to throw him off; but after so many years John was getting better at detecting when Sherlock was lying. It would appear that he wasn’t, this time.
It was an octopus. Its skin was mottled rust, smooth and silky looking in the water. It moved slowly and gently, rippling as it went. John could imagine a tolerant expression on its face, perhaps faintly amused by all these silly humans near its tank and their silly problems.
“But he-”
AM HERE A-E SLANE
As the bells of St. Paul’s chimed nine, he opened up his valise, and pulled out the bundle of letters Dunworthy had given him. He pulled the first one from the pile and examined it:
His tone brooked no argument, and John surrendered the field for the moment, while resolving to watch him carefully.
He found Wiggins as he was leaving a bar off Sunshine Way, the grubby street whose name was in sharp contrast to the dark and dirty location. Even the painted sun on the sign was filthy.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Please – please-” was all Sherlock could say in return. His hands spoke for him, stripping the last of John’s clothes off.
“I placed the order from the hospital. Were you able to keep your bandage dry? Does it need to be changed? Let me get some plates. I ordered the tikka masala, that’s your favourite, isn’t it? And there’s mutter pulao, with peas, you like peas. Here’s a fork. And-”
Jerome Maitland had been Jamie’s friend at uni in Toronto, but John couldn’t think of two people more unalike: Jamie, their contact with the Victoria Police, was of Chinese descent, compact and wiry, his hair buzzed close to the skin; Jerome was a black man, enormously tall and broad in the shoulders, with a cascade of black and gray dreadlocks down his shoulders. Jamie had moved to British Columbia and joined the police force there right after uni; Jeromie had stayed on in Toronto, working security in various places, rising eventually to the role of Head of Security at the Royal Ontario Museum. John tried to imagine the two men side by side and failed. As they approached him, however, Jerome’s face split into a huge grin that immediately dispelled all of John’s subconscious nervousness about the man’s size.
John kissed him, and Sherlock couldn’t believe the amount of misery they had both walked through to get to this point, but at the moment he was incredibly grateful.
They kissed, their lips and tongues silently expressing everything they were feeling. Sherlock kissed and licked along John’s neck, thrilling at the feel of John’s racing pulse under his mouth.
“Of course that’s the question, that’s why the professionals are here,” Anderson sneered. Clearly he was trying to establish his position in the room, in his universe.
, thought Sherlock,
“I’m not-”
Dunworthy sighed. “We’ve received a grant for this specific purpose, for this area of study. Quite a generous grant, I might add.”
Fleabag and John attempt another date, and it's another disaster. Fleabag learns a bit more about Sherlock and confronts him about it.
John laughed, a bit wetly. Silence stretched out again, but this time it was not full of pain and anger, and swelled with potential.
His mouth quirks up.
“Only if you wish to,” John said.
“No, it’s actually – it’s someone that isn’t on your roster. Not a present client.”
“What do you mean?”
“Oh come on, Lestrade. Let me give Anderson a lesson. What you need to do is figure out the person who had both opportunity and reason.”
John nodded. “Yeah. You said something about doing a favour for your brother five years ago, a favour that pissed Pavlović off to that degree. Then with what that woman said today, I began to think that maybe…”
Mycroft looked at his little brother. Sherlock was calm, and his smile was wide and happy, and he was glowing with contentment. He smiled back.
“We’re pretty isolated out here,” said John, in a matter of fact tone, “but we still get thieves. When we first started living here we had the gas drained a few times. Now we siphon off the gas at night, take the battery out and store it someplace safe.”
John rewound the sentence in his mind, and felt his own blush rising up. “The – song. It was another song of hers – Björk.”
. “I suppose you could meet all sorts of people out in the Black.”
“Yeah, that’s why I picked it, thought you might like that. All right, go on.”
“No,” said Sherlock. “I haven’t – I’m not working any cases. Not any more.”
“Failed it in school three years running,” Lestrade said, wiping tears from his eyes.
He realized he was still wearing the tweed Victorian suit he had come through in. Wearing that on the streets, even the streets of Oxford, would draw too much attention, so he reluctantly changed, laying the wool clothes out carefully. His own clothes felt unnatural, uncomfortable.
“I know,” Sherlock said. “But…”
He looked up. Sherlock had stopped, and was staring down at the body as if hypnotized by it. The sudden absence of movement was as abrupt as a slammed door, and everyone in the room stopped, waiting for the flood of deductions. John looked to Sherlock as well, but no one knew Sherlock Holmes as well as John Watson did. John could see that Sherlock’s stillness was not the calm before the storm of answers to the mystery, but rather because Sherlock was stuck.
“That is I,” Holmes said smoothly, seeming to ignore the man’s mood. “This is Doctor John Watson, my friend and colleague. And you, I presume, are Mr. John Garrideb?”
“Draw you again.”
He walked as quietly as he could in his tap shoes to the hallway, and the guard shut the door behind them.
The door swung open, and they both stood in the doorway for a moment in complete shock.
The question is, is the short blond guy the one for that? Problem is, you don’t know if someone’s going to be a bastard until it’s too late, and then you’ve got a bastard on your hands. So. Bastard-detector on full blast, and smile fetchingly.
The woman nodded, her face now clear again as though she had never smirked. “Hello.” She touched her mouth, now apologetically. “I speak some English, not well. Pardon.”
“Disrupt? Nonsense, John.”
While Sherlock had been impatient to see the end of Belgrade, he had refused all offers to return until the doctor had deemed John well enough to travel. John slept nearly constantly for two days, then fidgeted his way through the doctor’s examination. When Dr. Bell sat back and nodded in satisfaction, John turned to Sherlock with raised eyebrows and a shy smile that took Sherlock’s breath away.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade growled.
Cursing quietly into the rough shingle, Sherlock turned his head and looked down the other side of the building. No car, but no downspout either. The building was several stories high, and a jump would only merit him a broken leg, and he’d still be captured by the morons in the car; all they had to do was walk to the other side of the building and pick him up.
SHERLOCK: Go!
John was silent, and Sherlock looked up from his stretch. John was staring at him with an odd expression. “What? What is it?”
Three quarters of a glass later, he puts his wine down and puts his hand in my hair. “You’re so very pretty,” he says, and I’m already gagging for it when he leans in and whispers, “All right?”
“What do you think of that, Doctor Watson? If you know anything about it, you could make your fortune!”
“Lovely.”
“Yes.”
John blushed a little in sympathy with Sherlock as passers-by stared at the tall, handsome man in the expensive coat standing on the street, plugging his ears and singing a children’s song. Fortunately Sherlock was singing quietly, and not using his full baritone singing voice that John now knew he possessed.
“I insist. Also your colleague is skimming off the top of the sales, in cahoots with the cashier at desk twelve. I’ll meet you at customer service.”
The Red Cross finally arrived. A contingent from France arrived first, bringing food and bottled water. They quickly realized the potential of St. Paul’s as a centre for aid, and combined forces with John’s leadership, with Sherlock acting as a language interpreter for those aid workers who were not completely fluent.  It was at this point they learned where the bomb had hit, and that Baker Street was at the very edge of the complete destruction it had caused. When they learned this, John said nothing, but silently held Sherlock and Rosie tight, all night long.
“John, he was very angry,” Maja said, speaking up for the first time.
.’ You said, ‘
For a moment, pride at John’s deductive abilities rose up in Sherlock’s heart, mixing freely with the dread and fear that John had figured out the truth. No point in obfuscating.  “Fine. Yes.”
Ella counted off on her fingers. “Obviously you must be focused on Rosie while you are parenting her. While at the clinic, you are focused on your patients. While investigating cases with Sherlock, you are focused on the case, or Sherlock, or the police, or the victim.”
He resurfaced, spluttering and gasping.
John fights his urge to reach down and pull Sherlock back out of the dark and cold. Seconds tick by and John begins to understand a new facet of fear, when Sherlock resurfaces with a whoosh.
Martin led them into a large room, clearly the parlour, and there the neatness of the rest of the house was turned upside down. Furniture was overturned, there was a spatter of blood against one wall, and nearly in the centre of the room, lay the body of Hilton Cubitt, a gun only a couple of inches from his cold, stiff hand.
John’s jaw dropped, and he swallowed hard past the thudding of his heart. “I don’t understand.”
“Thanks,” John said. He could feel his face redden; it was still difficult for him to receive praise.
“Fascinating case, Holmes,” he said, hoping to get him started.
He presses it into Sherlock’s hand.
“I still can’t believe this is real,” John murmured as he kissed along Sherlock’s jaw. “Like a dream.”
“From the flat, then?”
“You?”
“Be my-”
“Ask Mr. Holmes about his little excursion today,” Pavlović said, and the elevator doors closed. The last thing Sherlock saw was Maja’s terrified eyes.
“No need to waste time, we can go directly to the museum,” Sherlock said.
“Is that so?” Evans growled.  “Let me show you how it’s done in the States.”
he thought dully
John pulled him into a hug, burying his nose in Sherlock’s hair. “Yes. I was too.”
“That was number fifty-seven.”
“I have to ring Dunworthy,” John said, and ran out of the lab.
Martin’s brows knotted and he rushed over to examine the spot. “I see it, sir,” he said haltingly. “This changes the matter greatly, I must admit.”
“And if I know the intelligence level of Scotland Yard, they will investigate and arrest people on the slightest excuse.”
“Oh, and Sherlock? Your man John?” Still grinning, Lestrade leaned in confidentially. “Anderson’s
“I did come directly off stage after three hours of dancing,” Sherlock said. “Sorry about the sweat.” He pried the insole up, extracted the chip, and placed it in Mycroft’s palm. Mycroft immediately transferred it to his handkerchief.
Sherlock closed his eyes impatiently. “The nude woman.”
“Excellent. You see how when greater force is implemented, the greater the displacement? This is an example of one of the key rules of science: every action has an equal and opposite reaction.”
He turned his head to see John, awake, gazing at Sherlock with his head propped up on his hand. He had a small smile on his face but his eyes were sad.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, equally softly. John’s eyes were so very blue in the morning light.
“Come on,” he said impulsively. “Put those shoes on. Never too late to learn.”
“I was involved with a tragedy, Mycroft,” Sherlock snapped without looking up from his work. “I could have been killed. My client was killed. They will understand.”
“That part of me, the part that I thought I’d buried long ago, the part of me that loved holding a gun, and hiding, and subterfuge, the sheer
“Well, NOT NOW!”
Sherlock’s jaw dropped a little. “
"Not a lot, just enough to keep my hand in, but yes.”
“And I am the real one. Excellent, Sherlock.” Jim hugged him closer. Sherlock fought against the urge to shudder. “I’m so proud of you, my boy.”
Àirén  = sweetheart
Sherlock saw Commissioner Yun, holding a plate full of strawberries, looking around the room. “Indeed. I’ll let you get back to your work, preventing violence in the halls of the elite.”
He stalked off to the far end of the studio. Once he knew he was out of sight, he leaned against the wall and laid his face against the cool tiles. Stupid, stupid, stupid. While he was partly pleased at putting John back into his place, he knew that he had just exposed his vulnerability, not just in front of the cameras, but in front of John – a man whose motivation and purpose he hadn’t yet figured out. Hadn’t he learned his lesson yet about not underestimating the man?
“Be well,
“Fair enough. Towels?”
“Wait, I have to tell you. Janina, the woman who was here before, the Director of the National Theatre. She’s had a change of heart. She spoke to the embassy; they know I’m alive, and they know I’m here. We just need to get to the embassy.”
[John steps back a bit, and we see his whole face, frowning in concentration.]
“You’ve cancelled your appointments,” Mycroft said, disapproval dripping through the vidder screen.
“I can’t take credit for creating it. They’re a right bugger, I sympathize.”
“It’s a fish.”
For a moment, he was frozen into silence. He forced himself to breathe, then said as calmly as possible, “I told you Daddy was delayed, Watson. Remember?”
The sense of unease spread through his gut as they continued, and he found himself with less and less to say with every person he met: Albert, who organized the sleeping arrangements. Nate, who handled the unsavory job of sanitation with a grin. Rajjit, who organized the teams.
“That’s yours,” John said to Sherlock.
John had a sudden, brief memory of Sherlock teaching him to waltz, and shook his head. “To be honest, I can’t imagine myself doing any of those things.”
“It’s all right,” Sherlock says. He has that little secret smile that I adore. “He ‘dropped’ his wallet in the loo earlier. It’s covered.”
A smile broke over her face, one mixed with delight and bitterness. “Oh no, dear. Not
a doctor – that was my cover, working in emergency rooms, it’s an excellent way to pass information. And I really did save him from a heart attack, before I knew who he was. I don’t think he knows.”
“They cleaned it up and bandaged it,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Enough blood to give us a good scare when you fell, but no damage to your organs or major muscles.”
“You said there weren’t any others, they were all sold out.”
“Ah.”  Sherlock’s face cleared, but only for a moment. “You need to go to Glasgow? You won’t be back from Glasgow by tomorrow, the train schedule doesn’t make it possible.”
“Watson!”
“Don’t mind me, sir, merely an experiment to test bruising post-mortem. But you’re a medical man, are you not? Surely this kind of thing doesn’t turn you giddy as it would a layman. Stamford here, he’s used to my oddities.”
Wǒ kào = well fuck me
Sherlock was hit with a wave of exhaustion and an unfamiliar feeling of gratitude towards his brother, for understanding.
Sherlock had silently come to the same conclusion, and was feeling his spirits wane. The competition was fun, he couldn’t deny himself, but the loss last week due to his failure in embellishment still smarted. He had to admit to himself that the ‘look’ of the product was a weakness of his – his mind was free from adornment, and so was the work he produced. To him, decoration was much like a wearing a tie with a suit – it added nothing useful and was a nuisance besides.
Suddenly there were firm arms around his shoulders. “Let’s go, Holmes
Time bent. It stretched and wobbled around him. It roared and whispered, it became a chain across his back, it became Rosie’s soft hand on his face.
Holmes’ head tipped to the side, and he stared at John as though he were a problem to be solved. “Are you sorry for kissing me, or are you apologizing for the fact that you didn’t seek my permission?”
