“Maybe it’d be better if I went.” Steve suggested, if Bucky or rather the Winter Soldier kicked off then he would stand a better chance of subduing him than Tony would.
This meant that Tony didn’t constantly get Zach leaping on top of him at the ass crack of dawn every day. It also meant that Zach did not constantly get to see things he wasn’t supposed to in the form of “Adult activities”
“That’s the fucker that jumped us in the field and shot me.” Clint said, recognising the face as it was brought into focus, “Think he’s the one that shot Tony, or his brain addled sister?”
“No.” Steve said taking hold of Tony and lifted him up so they were looking eye to eye, “You have nothing to be sorry for, baby, this is not your fault. You have done nothing wrong.”
Thor suddenly started laughing and Bruce made a comment about them being a time bomb, which was when they got a hit on the tesseract location. Which was right when the helicarrier was attacked and everything went to hell.
The blood tests that the Doctor had taken had also shown that there were lingering traces of palladium in Tony’s system, and if there was still trace amounts in his blood, his organs were all tainted, which meant that his eggs were likely unviable.
“On my mark Sam, fire!” Rhodey ordered, together they rained down on Proxima, backed up by Bucky who fired the staff at her. They kept up the onslaught until she was gone, then turned their attention on the Hyena/warg creatures.
“There’s a path down to the sea.” Natasha said from where she was standing in her bikini, “A natural worn one we can use.”
“I have informed Miss Potts, Colonel, Rhodes, and Mr Hogan of what has occurred. Miss Potts will be collecting Master Peter and Master Zach from their schools and will join you at the hospital in Prague.”
The little Pup stared at her in terror, his face red and puffy from crying, eyes wide as he saw his brother and Rogers pass out.
Tony nodded, “As much as I don’t trust Fury, I don’t think he’s the sort to march under a Nazi banner, and he did put himself out to warn us about the Nuke.”
The Doctor nodded signing the official handover form and got to work. “Looks like our friend here isn’t a popular man.” He commented as he cut through the dressings on the wounded arm, “This looks burned as well mangled, like he had a firework go off on his arm.”
Clint lifted his chin defiantly, “You are not the boss of me.” Natasha rose an eyebrow and held out her phone for Clint to see the screen, which showed Youtube Upload.
“You want Mamma to get better quickly so he can come home don’t you?” Peter persisted, this got a nod of the head at least and Peter grinned, “Well, you’ll do whatever it takes to get him home quick then won’t you, even if it means having to go on ahead of him.”
He would share more than just his worries and his past trauma, he’d speak of his experience growing up in Brooklyn, the things he’d get up to as a child when he was well enough to get into mischief, the scrapes that he and Bucky had gotten into, how they’d constantly come home with skinned knees and filthy hands and faces from playing in the alleys and the streets, daring each-other to clamber over walls, through broken windows, and into abandoned buildings.
That was the real cause of his anger, Tony not trusting him. After nearly two years together Steve would have thought that he had proven by now that he was in for the long haul. He’d never, to his knowledge given Tony any reason to doubt him, yet that was what the Omega did, just because he was older, had greying hair, wasn’t as lean or toned as a twenty-something. Well who the fuck cared?
“Not unless there is something very wrong.” Tony said stuffing his feet into a pair of trainers. “Okay get one of the cars started up J, we’re on our way downstairs, and wake one of the others up to keep an eye on Zach. He should sleep through but I want to be sure.”
“If you want something, take it, although the guns aren’t real, those wankers wouldn’t trust me with a real one.” The man said gesturing around at the dilapidated room. “Do you fancy either of the birds, no wait, you’re an Omega and their Betas, although now we’re all politically correct I suppose that an armed robber could be gay…”
Peter smiled, “Thanks Mamma.” He said, “Thanks for…..well being you I guess. I don’t think anyone else could have handled so much crazy over the past few months.”
Ned stopped eating his burger and looked over at Peter with wide eyes, “Is your Mamma gonna sue Obcorp? Harry was absent for like a week and since he’s been back, he’s refused to say anything about it.”
“She is… was, Pepper Potts,” Steve replied, “She was surrogate for Tony and I. Lily is biologically their child, and mine by adoption.”
“Kid, I’ve got two boys of my own. I know when a boy is being bullied, anyway, I have just the thing.” Tony proceeded to exchange a piece of Iron Man with Harley in order to get the things he listed for him, top of the list was a phone, which, dear God, was a landline that Harley gave him so he could call the Tower and let Steve know he was alive, while Harley went to get everything else.
“Its just been a while.” Tony said, trying to get his body to relax. A while actually meant years since he had been with another man.
“Now for the most part we just want you to do what you do normally.” The host said, “Go about your day to day lives as if we weren’t here. Try not to let the camera make you feel uncomfortable.”
“Rhodey’s managed to get us cleared to fly to New York.” Natasha said, “I assume that’s where you want to go?”
Were just some of the headlines that were running, more followed, along with hashtags trending, and images of Tony, Steve, and Rogers appearing all over the internet.
They all paused for lunch and Steve amazed Tony by the fact he’d already caught one fish while he had killed and to keep it fresh had placed it in shallow water to gut later.
As the bell rang for school to start the teacher kept Zach with her and knelt down before him, “Zach, I want you to know that if anyone starts to demand that you use your abilities that you can come and find me right away.” She said with a kind smile, “No one has the right to demand that of you.”
“Being the prick he is, Norman may want to complicate matters.” Tony sighed, “Fuck sake.” He cursed.
Steve and Tony spent the New Years Eve quietly in the Tower, holding their new Son as they watched the fireworks.
The rest of you, as I’ve said, if you see someone who can’t stand up for themselves, then stand up for them, help them, because helping someone is what heroes do, it’s how Heroes like Iron Man, like Black Widow, like Harley Keener are made.”
"Fuck the lot of you." Tony said still grinning and admiring his ring. "You are now not going to be brides maids or Ushers."
As it was DC the roads weren’t totally clear even at half one in the morning, but they were quieter and there was less chance of Tony hitting anyone when he ran red lights.
“Conversation!” Steve hurriedly told him, taking his seat and mock glared at Tony, who took the tablet from Peter to look through the feeds himself,
“Okay I’m feeling some strain here but I think I could still lift more.” Peter said carefully lowering the car back down.
Steve rose from his seat and took Tony’s place on the podium giving the kids an assessing glance before he started to speak. He could easily pick out the bullies from the crowd. They were the ones looking disinterested or were kicking the chair of the person in front of them or were scowling angrily as if they were being named and shamed instead of being allowed to remain anonymous.
While he understood this he couldn’t help but to feel bitter. His career as a surgeon was over, he would struggle now as a scientist and unless someone took pity on him he would only get a standard prosthetic not an advanced robotic limb that would be functional.
“Oooohhh I made you a grabber!” Zach declared his mouth smeared with pizza sauce and cheeks bulging with it as he ran for his bedroom.
“How about a hospital bed?” Tony repeated, “We could find a vacant room and… Hey!” Tony let out an indignant shout as he was set down on his feet.
They didn’t have long to wait. The Mad Titan arrived with his army within hours, send hordes of Chitauri across the planet who were tackled by the various heroes and military forces, the Leviathans being targeted by the weapons and destroyed before they made ground fall.
“Shall I relay that information to Miss Potts or simply file it under Sir’s daily rants?” Jarvis inquired sounding both amused and long suffering.
“No.” Steve said, “No racing, not here, not now, no.” He scowled at DUM-E who seemed to blow a raspberry at him which made Zach laugh.
“You should go and write a nice acceptance letter for Cal and a thank you letter for his parents.” Steve said to Zach, “If you do it now we can check the spelling after dinner and you can give it to him at Ice Skating class tomorrow.”
“Tell me where Bucky is?” Rogers roared at him, punctuating each word with a punch to Steve’s face. Steve spat blood from his split lips at the other super soldier,
“No, its in my locker. We’re not allowed to carry them while on duty.” Tony snorted at the absurdity of the rules, talk about paranoid.
Over the next half an hour they added more and more weight to the bell bar until finally Peter was lifting 800lbs and still not breaking a sweat.
Fury made some speech about wanting to use Tony as a consultant for his little pet project, which Tony refused.
He wasn’t sure what he should do. He was technically their prisoner, though he wasn’t exactly feeling like one. He knew prisons, he’d been in them, that place where Skull had experimented on him, then the various Hydra bases through out the years. They were prisons. This was a paradise filled with soft seats, strange but friendly people, and nice things to eat.
Tony shook his head, or tried to but he didn’t have that much movement in his neck and had to settled for a smile. “Not your fault.” He said.
“What things?” Zach asked, prompting Bruce to start explaining about the kind of species that one could find in rock pools, making Zach even more eager to go and start looking in them.
The Merc with a mouth studied him and Steve with his head tilted to one side, “God, I so need a camera to capture this moment. I wanna take a picture and put it on my bedroom ceiling so I’ve got inspiration for my morning wood!”
Regretful but resigned Tony pushed Steve away and stood up, forcing himself not to chase the taste of Steve’s mouth that lingered on his lips. “We can’t do this.” He said, his voice coming out in a rush of breath. God he hated this, hated saying no, and the look of hurt on Steve’s face was heart breaking, made him want to throw himself onto the Captain and kiss away all traces of that pain, especially since he was the one that had caused it.
Steve wasn’t sure who had started the kissing, himself or Tony, but they had ended up in bed together, making love for the first time, and that had been the start of their relationship, which had grown in strength, leading to marriage, and Lily’s birth.
Natasha’s heart had shattered in her chest when the little boy had started crying and asking if it was his fault and if he had done something wrong or was bad.
That friendship, that loyalty, that is what I want you to all think about and maybe try to find within yourselves. It’s very easy to turn a blind eye, back in the thirties blind eyes were always turned, people didn’t intervene when husbands beat their wives, when people starved to death in the streets, when children were battered and beaten. But I am urging you not to be like that, not to copy the attitudes of people from seventy years ago where cruelty was ignored and allowed to go on.
That vicious little bitch hated him, Tony knew that. She blamed him for her parents deaths. A Stark Bomb. He’d never sold to anyone but the US Military. But Stane had. Tony suspected it was one that he’d sold and was looking into it, along with all the Shield files he’d amassed after the data dump.
“I somehow can’t see him doing that.” Natasha said as she began highlighting Tony’s face, the make up hid the worst of the bruising and made him look less pale and drawn. His face had been shaved, his goatee was neatly trimmed and his hair was neat and styled, with a final powder and a dusting of setting powder Tony was as prepared as he was going to be.
“Knows nothing.” Rumlow said, “Neither does Hill. They are all still in the dark except for Rogers and Stark,” he grinned and cracked his knuckles, “I’ll take care of them personally.”
“Zach, don’t you even think about it!” Steve shouted, his long legs should have had him catching up with Zach with ease but Zach was Tony’s child after all and wasn’t so easily caught. Sticking his tongue out at Steve, Zach climbed up onto the banister and slid down the stairs, he then repeated the action with the second staircase and the third.
Groaning, he clasped a hand over his mouth and made to pull himself up the bed, hoping he’d have enough time to get into his chair and reach the bathroom before he lost control of his stomach.
“Okay.” Steve stammered, he was still confused by portmanteaus, didn’t really see why they were important and why this generation seemed so obsessed with them. Still, people writing about him and Tony as Husbands…that gave him a pleasant butterfly feeling in his stomach.
"Bit me?" Peter asked sitting up enough to look down at his ankle and sure enough on the exposed skin between his trainers and jeans was a reddening bite shining with blood.
If it had been up to Tony the menu would have consisted of junk food in various forms which was why Pepper had ordered the menu options and ordered Steve not to give in to any of Tony’s bullshit no matter how whiny he got or how big his puppy eyes became.
On the flight back to New York, Pepper called from the hospital in Malibu to let Tony and the others know that Happy had regained consciousness. He was still pretty out of it due to the medication he was on, but the doctors were confident he would make a full recovery.
“I’m sorry.” Peter said, his eyes filling with tears, “I didn’t mean to cause so much trouble, I don’t want to be trouble for you, but I keep messing up and I don’t know how to stop.” Tears began to spill down his cheeks as he spoke, “It’s like my brain just stops working, like my body does stuff before I can catch up with myself and everything gets screwed up and I don’t know what to do and I’m scared I’m turning evil, that the spider bite is making me evil!” He broke off into sobs that had Tony pulling him into a hug.
“Yes.” Jarvis said. “Until there are definitive facts the media should not be informed of Sir’s injury. Please monitor the situation and keep me informed.”
To Tony’s dismay it was not Steve with a plateful of something delicious that awoke him the following morning but the agitated screaming of Zach which had him half strangling himself in an effort to get out of his sleeping bag and then fell twice in his mad scramble to get out of the tent.
He provided me with a roof over my head, tools that I needed, and some dubious home cooking so I wouldn’t starve.”
“Baby I nearly lost you.” Steve said squeezing his hands, “For over twelve hours I thought you would die. I imagined the worst, that I would have to say goodbye to you, the fact that you are alive and coherent is more than enough for me.” Steve took a shaky breath and Tony saw that his eyes were brimming with tears too, “I know this sucks, I know that you are scared and I would be too, but you are so strong Tony, I know you will get through this, that we will get through this. You being able to walk or not doesn’t matter, hell I’ve got super strength, I can carry you everywhere if needs be!”
“I’m really not.” Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck, his cheeks a darker red now, “And if you think that, then why push me away?”
“Hold still and stop struggling.” She snapped at him hurrying back to the lift, she’d seen a button that said Sub Basement and knew that was her way out, once in the street she would be picked up by Killian’s men and would be taken back to Miami, Stark’s Son in tow.
Both Zach and Cal had ice skating class every Saturday afternoon for and hour, having this activity in common had helped them form their friendship both in and out of school.
Tony was rather concerned over Sam’s mental state when he felt it perfectly safe to flirt with the Black Widow of all creatures, as if he didn’t know that Natasha ate the heads of her victims and crushed testicles and sprinkled them over her cereal at breakfast.
I wanna wake up with you in my bed every morning, I wanna fall asleep with you at my back, I wanna spend my heats with you, have breakfast in bed with you, get a damn dog and go on stupid afternoon walks with you and the kids, so don’t you fucking dare leave me now Steve.”
Steve was stroking Tony’s hair as he slowly got his breathing under control and managed to speak again in a hoarse voice, “Peter, Zach…?”
“He certainly is a remarkable boy.” The host agreed, “To risk himself for others at such an early age, and little Zach’s kindness to animals is something that will resonate with all animal lovers I am sure.” He looked to the camera and smiled, “As we draw this to a close, I hope that people watching this will give deeper thought to assumptions they may have made regarding Peter and Zach and their enhancements, and that life for this family can get back to normal with Peter quickly and fully recovering soon. Steve, Captain America, it has been a pleasure.”
“That isn’t likely to work.” Tony said, “From what Jarvis has picked up, Strucker has an energy shield around his base, much like the one that was around the tesseract. To get inside the building we’ve got to get that down.”
He also promised to never, ever, in a million years, even under torture, would he reveal this to anyone, because he was the bestest friend ever!
“Mamma!” Zach’s worried cry was the last thing Tony heard as the connection was broken. With a strangled sob he released the Nuke, watching as it went into the Mother ship and exploded, the shock wave bursting out like a flare from a star, as his eyes closed, Tony whispered a final goodbye to Zach and Peter, falling back into the waiting darkness.
“Hey I resent that!” Deadpool cried, rounding on Tony, who gave him an unimpressed look, “I am an equal opportunities guy, I am a switch all the way, I can crack the whip and I take it up the crack just as well!”
Happy rushed him to the hospital, running red lights and swearing at anyone who got in his way, panicking that he’d have to deliver the baby himself if he didn’t get Tony into the hospital in time. Not that he need have worried, Tony’s labour went on for another fifteen hours, giving Pepper and Rhodey enough time to make it to his side.
As the case against Osborn and Doctor Curien involved the avengers, specifically Tony Stark he immediately began to keep tabs on the investigation and when news reached him of the doctor having been found and requests for possible immunity from prosecution in return for giving evidence against Osborn, he called Norman to alert him.
Hmm, Tony drew Thor to one side and reminded him not to let Zach have too many s’mores, not after the brownies and ice cream. The last thing he wanted was Zach getting sick from a sugar overload.
“And where did you think you were off to?” The man said, taking hold of Zach in an unbreakable grasp.
“So, lemme guess.” Tony sighed rolling his eyes, “You’re still pissed about Switzerland like she is, right? Did Stane blow you off too, did he blow you as well, no wait, he was never much for oral unless he was receiving it.” Tony grinned at Maya, “You’d know all about that wouldn’t you honey?”
He, Tony, and Zach had been pretty much living off what they could get at local fast food joints or grab in the hospital cafeteria. Peter was getting hospital meals three times a day, it wasn’t the best food as hospital food never was, but it was better than nothing, as was the food that Steve and Tony were bringing in with them.
“On a gold stretcher.” Pietro sneered disgustedly, he nodded his head and put his arm about Wanda’s shoulders pulling her close and glared at any men who looked her way as they walked down the street, “What did you have in mind for him?”
“Among other things.” Natasha muttered. Fury looked pained, Pierce had been a “Friend” of his, finding out that he was a likely traitor, had been all along, or at least for a very long time, hurt him, both his pride and his heart.
“If that were true,” Tony said, “Why update the hardware?” He shook his head, “Something isn’t right here, there’s something..” He yelped as the terminal gave off a static shock and he leaped back, banging into Steve and shaking out his hands.
The Bots he took to right away, finding them fascinating and hilarious when they poked at him curiously, messed up smoothies, dropped things, got in Tony’s way, and doused him in fire extinguisher foam.
What were they doing to him? Hydra were sadists, they’d enjoy making Tony suffer as he gave birth, wouldn’t give pain relief, wouldn’t offer any comfort, and that was assuming they didn’t deliberately hurt him.
“I think I might have.” Steve said handing Tony a piece of paper. Frowning, Tony took it, opening it up and swiftly read the contents, his eyes widening as he did. When he looked back up Steve was slumped against the wall looking as if he’d been gut punched. “So, is it possible?” he asked helplessly, “Any of it?”
Peter looked down at his shoes and bit his bottom lip, flinching as the principal came out to speak with Tony and Steve, explaining the situation as best he could.
“Shut up.” Norman snapped at him. “Where the brat is doesn’t matter, keeping my company afloat does.”
Once out of theatre Peter was given a side room in paediatrics, his leg was bound in a fresh plaster cast and his torso was wrapped in gauze, he had an oxygen mask over his face and blood was still being transfused into his veins via an IV.
He managed to escape from her and got out with the file from Mrs Davies, happily appropriating the car the fake Government agent had been driving.
“Yeah, at least then I won’t end up legless….” Tony trailed off and frowned thoughtfully, “Jay, if I can use these braces to move my legs, why couldn’t I use them to walk, outside of the suit as well as inside of it?”
“Wha…” Tony swiped at his mouth and shot a glare at Peter, the teen smirked at him obnoxiously, “You are so grounded.” Tony grumbled, shifting up and out of the tent, “Where’s Zach?” He asked surprised to see only Peter.
“Surely an agreement could be reached?” One of the school board said, “Having read Peter Parker Stark’s school record I agree that this behaviour was very out of character and considering that he was taken very ill recently I think the two incidents may be related?” She looked at her fellow board members several of whom nodded in agreement.
“Oh I love this brat!” The first man laughed, getting into the front passenger seat, “He’s got spunk!”
To share the burden, Clint and Bruce exited the Limo together and stood side by side with stiff smiles before joining the others, where they stood for a few group photos then headed up into City Hall.
Folding her arms over her chest Wanda settled down and closed her eyes, she and Pietro would be leaving Sokovia tomorrow, they would be crossing the border into Slovakia, she didn’t know what Pietro had in mind for them once they were in Slovakia but she knew what she intended. They needed to get to America, that was where Stark and the Avengers would go, so they needed to get there too.
"Oh, we submit!" Tony panted teetering over the edge, "We fully and freely submit!" He came apart beneath Steve, who continued to thrust inside him until he too was climaxed and rolled over onto his side.
“Really? Well I suppose you’d know a lot about that, seeing as how you were a dancing girl during the war!”
“Kinda, not exactly.” Peter said, “I mean, I didn’t want Flash being mean to him, but it was when Harry hit MJ that I flipped.”
Steve only just resisted putting his fist through the hotel TV screen, since Tony had awoken, he and the boys were staying in a suite at the hotel nearest the hospital, as were the rest of the team, save for which ever pair had quinjet duty. They were rotating that between them so that everyone got to sleep in a real bed and didn’t get over tired of bunking in the jet.
“Six legionnaires are taking up position around the hospital to protect Sir while he remains here.” Jarvis informed the team, “You may rest assured nothing shall happen to sir on our watch.”
Steve grit his teeth and sighed heavily, clearly fighting losing his temper, “Look, I get that you don’t like me, fine, I don’t care, but we have to put this aside..” He broke off as Tony spoke.
“No, of course not. Go and help Tony.” Pepper replied, “And if possible, slap Romanoff and knee Rogers in the balls for me!”
“Well we’re alright.” Steve said acutely aware that his groin was pressed right into Tony’s thighs, (So now is a very bad idea to get an erection) He noticed that Tony was breathing very hard, his breath rasping. “Are you alright?” He asked, yes the air was a little thin but it was breathable, they weren’t in danger of suffocating.
“He gets bullied?” Steve asked, slipping into Captain America mode, “Maybe we should pay a visit to his school, help steer the younger generation on the right path.”
“Hot rod red.” Tony corrected indignantly, “And yes, there is only room for one drama queen on this team and I’m calling dibs, so tough look Spangles, you’ll have to be less shiny.”
Steve found himself going from Brooklyn to Manhattan to see the tower. It was colossal and seemed too ostentatious for Steve’s tastes, still he tried to sketch it as he sat in a café making small talk with one of the waitresses and making a fool of himself because he didn’t know what WIFI was. To save himself more embarrassment when a guy old enough to be his actual age mocked him, Steve headed back off towards the train station, pausing in the street as a flashy limo pulled up in front of Stark Tower and the Omega himself got out, with his pre-teen son one his right and his toddler on his hip.
Zach stared at Tony for several minutes them wriggled over to be enveloped in Tony’s arms, pressing his head against Tony’s chest.
“I’m sorry.” Steve said, “I shouldn’t have… it won’t happen again.” Steve was closing in on himself, his shoulders hunching as he avoided Tony’s gaze.
“You think he will make trouble?” Steve asked digging his thumbs into the space between Tony’s shoulder blades making Tony groan and arch his back as Steve found the knots there and began to work them out.
The three of them stood at the head of the bed holding his hands and rubbing his back as he strained and pushed, bearing down and bringing his Pup into the world.
“Then don’t tell me you understand, because you haven’t a fucking clue about what I am feeling right now.” Tony shouted, “That bastard nearly murdered my son. He performed a vivisection on him while he was conscious. Do you have any idea how painful that is, because I damn well do.” Tony leaned forward over the table, getting into the detectives face, “I was conscious in a cave in Afghanistan when open heart surgery was performed on me. I was awake when my breast bone was cut into, the bones snapped and separated so the doctor could get at my chest cavity. I could taste the blood at the back of my throat, I wanted to scream but I couldn’t get enough air into my lungs to do so.” His voice lowered to a dangerous whisper that matched the dark glint in his eyes, “I killed the bastards who put me through that, I set them on fire and watched them scream as their bodies were engulfed in flames. What makes you think I will do any less to the asshole who just did the same to my Son as was done to me.”
“How did he survive?” Bruce asked, “He should have bled to death from his aorta alone.” Steve shot him a dark look but it was Fury who spoke.
“Jesus Christ!” Clint cried as he threw open the car door, Natasha right behind him, the two of tearing down the road to where Thor, Rhodey, and Bruce was running towards the base.
Deciding to take charge for the moment, until Steve came back to his senses, Tony looked around for something he could use to drag the suit with them, doubting that it would fold back down into the suitcase form, not until he’d done some serious repair work on it, all he needed was some rope and he’d be able too……blinding light shone in his face and Tony held his good hand up to shield his eyes.
“Right, so no talk about demented lunatics wearing hockey masks, or mutated piranha, or giant crocodiles?” Peter asked with a grin,
Everyone took a dessert each, while he and Tony had several. The best being the Plum tartine which Tony handed to Bucky with a grin knowing he’d love it, which he did, savouring each mouthful. He felt himself smile and Winter chuckle a little in his mind as Tony and Rhodey had a spoon fight over the profiter rolls which the both of them lost when Matt grabbed them for himself and ate them with a smug expression on his face.
"His body has reacted badly to the bite, an alergic reaction." Bruce explained to Zach, "It's made him sick but the Doctor's are doing their best to help him body calm down so he can feel better."
Working with Banner was easy, the Beta, while nervous, was a dream to work with, as intelligent as Tony himself, innovative and encouraging, Tony was so going to get him into SI R&D.
Steve awoke with a throbbing headache and Bruce shaking him. He was laying on the floor of the penthouse, Peter was besides him, still unconscious but moved into the recovery position, presumably by Bruce.
“What, this?” Tony asked, “Electrical engineering, I started as a kid and, well, I kind of just never stopped.”
“I think he already did, schmuck!” someone called out which caused several snickers of laughter at Rogers’ expense,
“Fine, just don’t break anything including each other.” Tony looked to Rhodey, “As Happy’s going to taking Cap to Brooklyn, would you mind watching the Midgets?”
“I’d like to not speak of my time in the ice much.” Steve said, “I don’t mind you mentioning it, but I don’t want to dwell on it.”
The whole world knew Zach’s age, he would be turning four very soon and would be ready to start going to pre-school.
Pepper looked thoughtful, “I am not going to say no to this, but I want to look into it more first.” She said, “Have a look at any legalities and what we would need to do to go about it.”
Despite his initial delight at getting to go and live with Iron Man, Peter was shy and reserved when Tony first brought him home, looking around the Mansion uncertainly and only mumbling a few words to Happy, Pepper, and Rhodey.
“What’s gonna happen now?” He asked looking to Tony, who was holding Peter’s hand, keeping him calm as his secrets were revealed to the world.
Their meals consisted of what the team brought in for them and what they could get in the cafeteria, both grimacing at the terrible coffee but drinking it anyway to force their tired bodies to stay awake. Sleep was consisting of an hour or two snatched sleep in the chairs by Peter's bed.
At first Tony thought he felt shitty because he was recovering from giving birth. Having stitches in his unmentionables, bleeding heavily, leaking colostrum and eventually milk, aching in his pelvis and slowly recovering stomach muscles, and being on the verge of total exhaustion would have made anyone feel like crap.
Well, no one could argue with that and soon enough two more snow men joined Mr Frosty. A Miss Chilled who had a bright pink scarf about her throat, and her metal stick hands had been spray painted red to look like fingernails. She also had a red sock rolled up to form a lipstick smile, and some artificial pink flowers placed over her head like an Alice band, that Natasha gave to Zach, which had come free with a bath salts collection. The last Snow man was called Kool, (Named by Clint) He had a tie from Tony’s closet tied about his head as if he were wearing a bandana, a paint stained bed sheet that Steve had bought from a rags bin in a charity shop to use to wipe his paint brushes on, tied about his neck like a funky scarf, and Clint rolled up a length of silver foil and pushed it in the side of the snow mans mouth making it look like he was smoking a joint!
“Welcome to the mad house.” Tony dead-panned his eyes narrowing, “Sweep that flour up, Peter, don’t just hide it in a corner, don’t think I don’t know what you are doing.”
A rumbling came from over head and some of the weight shifted from Steve’s back easing the pressure somewhat and Jarvis’s voice crackled back to life.
Silently he berated himself and his choices which had led to this mess, if only he’d done as his parents asked and left being a hero until he was older than this wouldn’t have happened, no one would know about him and Zach having abilities, they would be safe and not facing having their family torn apart.
The last thing Tony wanted was to hurt Steve or to make him think that he didn’t trust him or his word, biting his bottom lip and leaving forward as much as he could Tony tried to convey that to the super soldier, “Its not that I don’t trust you…”
The others took a little longer, having to suit up and take a car as they had landed the jet at the airport away from the hotel. Peter begged to drive but was stuffed in the back while Clint took the wheel and put his foot down, ignoring red lights and swerving in and out of traffic to get to the UN.
“Once we knock out its power source you can throw Hulk at the wall though.” Sam added making Clint grin.
Tony let out a strangled sob reaching out blinding to try and take hold of Zach, to hold onto him even as his charred body began to turn to ash.
“Okay Daddy, Love you!” Happily Zach bounded across the bed to help Tony put his clothes away when Steve put him down, unaware of the jolt his words sent through Steve. It still made Steve catch his breath every time Zach said that he loved him, reminding Steve of how lucky he was and how very rich and full his life had become.
“See, you’ll feel better soon.” Steve said to Peter, giving his son a reassuring smile. Peter gave a pained groaned and shut his eyes tight trying to block out the too bright lights around him.
“I’m sorry.” Tony said, “I’m so, so sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you, if I’d had any choice in the matter I wouldn’t have done that. But if that missile had exploded then I would have been dead anyway, and so would you, and Happy, Zach, and God knows how many others. It was a Nuke, Pete, the idiots sent a nuke and it would have destroyed the whole of New York and irradiated the East Coast. The deaths would have been in the millions. I couldn’t let that happen.”
“I just don’t know what to do to help him, Pep.” He said to Pepper as they face timed, she was in Malibu handling Stark industries from there.
Peter ran across the what looked to be a lorry loading bay and fired his webbing at the roof, looping it around a flood light, using the webbing he climbed up to the roof and ran over to the nearest skylight, there was too much dust and too many cobwebs on the glass for him to see down into the room below but he could see lights on down there.
Grabbing a paper towel he dried his face off and went back out into the hall, startling slightly when he found Steve waiting for him.
"And when I had a similar incident because of the snow, you told me that it wasn't my fault and that I shouldn't blame myself." Steve countered. "You explained about triggers and PTSD and what happened to you and why you are afraid of water. You can't blame yourself for this."
“And you thought that sending him into the hornets nest was a good idea?” Her Father scoffed, “Look at what has happened Mary Jane, both he and Mr Stark are in hospital, people are dead and others severely injured because of your actions.”
“You have Zach and Peter. They will need you more than ever and you have to be their Father and care for them, that will mean more to Tony and hunting down his killer.”
“If you don’t want to tell me that’s okay, but maybe if you did it might lessen the hold it has on you.” Steve said lifting his free hand to wrap around Tony’s waist and stroke his thumb up and down Tony’s ribs. “I promise, nothing you tell me will make me think any less of you.”
Zach was in agony. His whole body was throbbing from the inside out. He felt like he was burning, like he was on fire and it hurt so much. He’d screamed until his voice had broken, cried until he’d run out of tears, all he could do now was sob silently and dryly, wishing that his Mamma would come and find him.
Waking up in the twenty-first century was like waking up on a different planet. Nearly seventy years had gone by since Steve was here last and the world had changed so dramatically it no longer seemed to be human anymore.
“Who the hell are you and what the hell are you doing in my garden at 2am?” an irate and suspicious sounding man asked.
“Their mental abilities aside, Agent Barton, this does put us into somewhat of a difficult position.” Fury said, “The team were seen on national TV fighting together, all of you. Everyone wants to know where the Avengers are now, the WSC especially want to know. So, I have a new assignment for you both.”
“He does have business being here, because I say he has a right to be,” Tony cut Rogers off, turning back to face him, meeting his eyes, his expression as defiant and steadfast as ever Steve had seen a look on his Tony’s face when someone was challenging him.
He aimed his gauntlet repulsers at Wanda, and at Rogers, trusting Vision and Steve to take care of Tony.
After ten days he had the outfit created, actually managing to be artistic and give it some web designs so it would reflect his Spider enhancement. To protect his hands he got a pair of gloves and stitched padding into the knuckles and over the fingers, he wasn’t planning on getting too physical but he figured he’d probably have to fight at some point so he might as well try to give his hands some protection, also he didn’t fancy trying to explain bruised knuckles to his parents.
“Then lets us all go.” Clint said. But a chilling laugh echoed throughout the room and all four people stiffened and Aldrich Killian himself came in.
“I’m good.” Peter said with a shrug, “My head’s still a bit woozy but the Doctor said that’ll wear off soon.” Tony made an unhappy noise at this information, clearly not loving the fact that Peter was going to be suffering after-affects from the tranqs. Peter’s attention however had switched back to Zach whom he bounced on his lap, “What’s this about trouble here being a super-hero?”
“What movies? And no to the Popcorn, last time you two did that, it exploded and there was popcorn stuck to the walls, we practically had to drill it off it was stuck so solid.” Tony said, “And what movies, Happy are you corrupting my precious Petey-pie?”
The Widow nodded and looked down at the glossy paper pretending to be interested in out of date celebrity gossip so she didn’t have to deal with the emotional turmoil.
“No, but I want to be home in a few days.” Tony replied, “I don’t like being away from my children for long periods.”
“Are you alright?” Steve cried, fearing for the Billionaires health. He knew that his Tony had a serious heart condition, it was probable that this Tony did too, though he did not appear to have the arc reactor in his chest.
Pepper and Happy had been frequent visitors to the hospital, bringing food and balloons, stuffed toys, and cards to put by Peter's bed, including Zach's card which was twice the size of the others, sparkling in glitter, and sporting the Tardis, and all the Avengers. Rhodey joined them a day later, getting leave from the Air Force to be with his pseudo Nephew. Even a man as hardened as Rhodey who had seen battle fields, seen Tony straight after his escape from the Ten Rings could not keep from crying at the sight of Peter sick and fragile in the hospital bed.
“Technically speaking, but not quite, Mr Stark. True, though I am not the man I used to be, I am not simply a creation of another person either.” A photo came up on one of the screens of Armin Zola, the scientist that Steve had captured the day Bucky had died.
“If you don’t shut up I’ll chop up your liver.” Natasha said tossing her razor sharp dagger from hand to hand.
“Are you kidding me?” the yell rang out around the station making officers, criminals, witnesses, and admin staff flinch as it echoed around.
“Smart Man, I knew there was a reason I was marrying you, and just because you look hot in a uniform.”
Steve’s suspicions were proven correct, as he sat at the kitchen counter, feeding Lily her breakfast, while Tony downed a succession of three cups of coffee in the time it took Steve to drink one!
They would, Peter knew they would, but he couldn’t help but to worry, after losing his birth parents, his uncle, and his aunt, what if everything was not enough?
Or at least it had been before he and Steve had started to get closer. He’d already known that Captain America was ripped. Anyone with functioning eyeballs knew that. But lately Tony had started to really notice him, notice the way his eyes crinkled when he smiled and how much brighter that smile had become in recent weeks. How he’d suck in and chew on his bottom lip when he was thinking hard about something, and nibble on the end of his pencil when he was sketching.
Steve mentally groaned and pinched the bridge of his nose, “Tell me that at least didn’t end up on the internet.” To his dismay Rhodey handed over his phone, a Youtube video of the idiocy uploaded with two-hundred-thousand views having already taken place.
Tony hummed. He knew Steve was right he couldn't argue with the logic, but he also couldn't quite forgive himself for upsetting Zach and Peter. He hated seeing his boys upset and hated even more being the cause for their distress. "I've got to get this sorted." He said in a flat tone. "As soon as we get back to New York I'm starting therapy and I am going to get this under control, so that the next time I get soaked I don't freak the fuck out."
“Thank you for agreeing to hear me out, I know that my proposal is extreme and I understand why you would be sceptical of its necessity as well as my being the one to control such a weapon.”
“Flash.” Peter corrected his lips twitching over Tony calling Flash Trash. “And no, I erm, it was me, I hit Harry, a lot. I hit him a lot and he’s in hospital.” That was the worst part, he’d hit Harry so badly he'd given him a concussion and Harry had been taken to hospital to be checked out. He almost certainly had a broken nose and might have worse injuries.
“Normally it wouldn’t.” Peter agreed, “But I was…. It was so hard today, being around so many people and trying to control my senses, and then…. Those assholes came over and they started in on me, and Flash started being mean to Ned, calling him fat and stuff and you know that really hurts him, it makes him binge eat and the last time he did that he got sick he ate so much cake and he spent two hours crying about it.”
Since Tony’s heat he had not slept in his own bed, he had only gone to his own floor to shower, changing his clothes, and to paint. The rest of the time was spent in the penthouse with Tony, Zach, and Peter, and the others.
“What?” Steve was looking even more confused now, “Tony, what does our ages have to do with anything? And find someone my own age, my age is ninety, what am I going to do with a ninety year, I can hardly take them to the local dance hall can I? They’d dislocate their hip doing the Lindy Hop!”
“You look incredible.” Steve said breathing in the increasingly heady scent of pheromones that the scent blocker was not completely smothering; it would fool the casual person who came into contact with Tony, but anyone getting up close would know that Tony’s heat was due. He was going to have to be on his guard at this gala, because no damn Alpha or Beta was going to get their hands on his Omega.
“Welcome ladies, gentlemen, and non-binary guests to a very special segment.” The host said, “Today we have with us a man who does not normally engage in press releases, or conferences. A man who is more known as his alter ego, America’s finest, the first Avenger, Captain America.” He paused and looked over to Steve who managed a smile and a small wave to the camera.
This had pleased them both, Pietro immensely, he was satisfied now, he had gotten his pound of flesh for their parents but Wanda’s thirst for revenge was not quenched it was only increased.
“Alright J, bring the suit in and lets head home.” He spread his arms wide and the gauntlets fastened around his arms, then the chest plate landed, followed by the back plate, the legs, the boots, and finally the helmet. He blasted off into the sky and circled what would become the Avengers compound and the school he was going to build.
Tony supposed that accusing a seriously pissed off and genocidal demi God of impotence was asking for trouble, but really, did Loki have to throw him out of a window?
The tight grip Tony had on Steve’s shoulder should have been painful but Steve barely felt it at all, he was too focused on Tony and the feel of him against him and memorizing the sight of his dilating dark eyes and shape of his mouth as he cried out in passion.
Nodding his head and taking a deep but regretful breath Steve moved back, away from Tony. “I understand.” He said, as he slid out from between Tony’s thighs, leaving the Billionaire feeling bereft and exposed in more ways than one. “After what you’ve just been through I should have known better than to do anything. You need comfort and support. Its natural and I understand and I promise I don’t hold it against you.”
Fury nodded in understanding, “I’ll see it’s done.” He said, “And I’ll be in touch if and when your services are required. Say hi to your kids for me.” Tony tipped him a mock salute, pausing when Fury called back to him,
My spine was severed between L1 and L2, the L2 vertebrae being shattered by the bullet’s impact causing me paralysis from the waist down.”
Tony grit his teeth and clenched his fists. Everything in him wanted to storm out of the interview room, go to Curien’s hospital room and finish the job that the shooter had started. The man deserved to burn just as much as the Ten Rings had, more so, because while they had been barbaric they had been torturing an adult, Peter was a child which made Curiens actions so much worse.
“You and me both.” Rhodey agreed. “Other than that, I think you’ll have to find your own way, I can’t really advise you any further.”
“I’ll bet Fury does.” Clint growled, “He knows what they’re looking for in Stark’s blood, he just isn’t saying anything.”
Only a handful of journalists had been allowed inside the building to cover the event, all specially selected and thoroughly vetted as they would be more inclined to give detailed reports on the event rather than just celebrity gossip.
“Certainly Doctor Banner.” Jarvis said, and proceeded to explain the emergency project Tony had started working on after the debacle with AIM, wanting to ensure that the team, his family, and the planet were all protected if he should die or be incapacitated indefinitely.
He hardly heard Rhodey and Vision’s farewells, or Pepper’s promise to return in the morning, he stumbled in a mindless haze to his bedroom, his knees almost giving out before he reached the bed, but Steve wrapped an arm about his waist, supporting him and helped him reach the bed.
Zach bounced along the road happily while Peter walked at a sedate pace with Steve, he knew that he and Zach would be going home soon, they couldn’t stay in Prague for much longer they needed to be back at school, they hadn’t broken this news to Zach yet knowing it would upset him greatly and didn’t want to spoil the time he had with Tony by telling him too soon.
“Am I grounded?” Peter asked, he tried to keep his tone light but there was a depressive undertone and his eyes were shadowed as he spoke.
“You had a choice, you and your brother had a choice.” Sam corrected her, “No one forced you to undergo experiments, you chose to do that. You and he could have done anything with your lives, worked hard, put yourselves through school, become Doctors, or lawyers. Hell you could have climbed into the backs of lorries and gotten out of Sokovia, made a case to be asylum seekers in another country. You did not have to do what you did, so do not pretend that you were without options, maybe not easy ones, but you still had them.”
“Mr Osborn, I understand; the school understands that you are upset. We are all upset for what happened to Harry, it was a most unfortunate incident.” The Principal said.
“It wasn’t your fault.” He said, “I read the report, it was that Russian guy and that Business tech guy.”
“Sounds good to me.” Steve agreed looking rather sex-dazed, he also had a Cat-that-got-the-cream smile on his face and a strut in his step as he walked to the shower with Tony, joining him beneath the spray, the both of them eager to get clean and go and eat so they could satiate their hunger.
“I don’t know.” Peter said, deep down he knew he should get MJ to go to Tony and Steve with this information, they would know what to do and would launch a proper investigation into Oscorp and Osborn, but another part of him, the part that chaffed at being made to wait until he was older to start being a hero could resist the thought of being the one to expose Osborn, as it would convince his parents he was ready to be a hero.
“Like you’re any better.” Pepper scoffed, getting a mug and pouring herself a cup of coffee, “I’m heading to the tower to survey the damage and get an estimate on repair cost.”
“Wipe his face.” The archer instructed retreating to a safe distance with Rhodey, Thor, and Sam, while Pepper and Natasha stood behind May and Bruce with the towels and bed sheet at the ready.
It was eerily silent as Tony walked, not a single bird, animal, or human to be heard, just an endless emptiness in the hot dust filled air.
The repulsor blast hit Killian in the side and tossed him into his computers throwing them to the ground in a shower of sparks and breaking glass. Tony didn’t wait to see if the man was going to get back up, he just ran to Zach and began to undo the straps on his body.
There was a choice of Asparagus spears with poached free range duck eggs, citrus cured salmon with avocado and caviar, or Foie Gras for a starter.
His back and his abdomen felt like they were on fire, he could feel a wetness spreading under him a horrid ache was wrapped about his middle squeezing him tight, every breath he desperately sucked in was painful, it was like he read breathing glass it hurt so much and his back was agony. Pain was shooting through his spine all the way from his neck right down to his middle, then a strange cold numbness seemed to have taken over, like his lower half was submerged in ice water. He was numb with cold and in pain at the same time.
Maya barely restrained herself from slapping Tony’s face, reigning herself in with effort and thrust a faded piece of paper at him, “Remember this?”
“Post hypnotic suggestion is more likely than full on mind control.” Tony said, “And POW’s have been broken before now, sleeper agents created by terrorists. When it comes to torture there is only so much anyone can take, and those bastards have had decades to break him.”
Peter grinned, he wasn’t really surprised that Steve didn’t understand the science babble, honestly it was pretty much over anyone’s head unless they were also a genius.
“You can put your hand right through it.” Tony said to him making Steve startle and his cheeks flush. “Go ahead, it’s fine, you won’t damage anything.”
“Like we don’t know you’re going to make out.” Peter snorted, taking the money and his little brother who he caught by the collar and tugged back before he ran off down the hall, making him walk by his side.
The distraction of Peter greeting his Uncle Rhodey and Zach launching into a detailed story of how he had become Fire-Cracker and how he was going to be the leader of the Avengers served as a distraction which allowed Tony to properly greet Steve.
“Still with us then, lab-rat?” He asked cruelly pinching and twisting Zach’s cheek, making the boy choke back a cry of pain. Killian laughed at Zach’s expression and pinched his skin tighter before he finally released it and took his hand away from Zach’s face. “Well that’s good.” He said taking a step back from Zach, it’s good you’re still here. It’ll give your Mother some much needed encouragement.”
“Isn’t it?” Tony asked, “First I encourage Peter to lift cars and motorbikes, then I ground him for taking a risk with his own safety, pot calling the fucking kettle much? And lets not forget my calling out Aldrich Killian.”
This behaviour had only started since Peter had become enhanced, or rather since he had returned to school so Steve thought he might be able to take an educated guess as to what was bothering the teen.
“Jarvis, do you have the data from the base, and any information on what happened there?” Sam asked the now physical AI.
“What happened sweetheart, why would you get into a fight, are you hurt?” Tony immediately asked, hurrying to Peter’s side and began to check him over for injuries.
"Yes Sir. With live ammunition or..." the 2IC broke off when he saw the look on Strucker's face. He swallowed and straightened up, "Might I suggest the twins be fitting for kevlar. We do not want to risk loosing such assets."
“No, I am saying that he should not have the Iron Man weapon at all. It belongs in the hands of those capable of handling such a responsibility, which Stark, clearly cannot.”
“Smoked Salmon seems a classic choice.” Steve said, “But we’ll need vegetarian options and I suppose vegan options. How big is the guest list?”
“I wanted gourmet burgers but Pepper refused to allow them on any menu.” Tony said, “Apparently burgers aren’t classy enough no matter how fancy they are. Like is anyone too good for a cheese burger?”
“Promise me you’ll be careful.” Steve breathed into the phone and Tony knew just by the sound of  his voice that Steve wished he was going to meet them too, that staying away was killing him. But Peter needed one of them to be at his side and right now that one had to be Steve.
“Tony, Tony, what is going on?” Steve asked, trying to slow Tony down as he headed for the landing pad,
It was an odd, butterflies in his stomach, like feeling, and Tony hoped that it would last for a long time.
Peter spent the better part of ten days in the lab with the air constantly being refreshed by Jarvis so he wouldn’t become nauseous from too much smell. He also kept the earphones on to cancel out noise and sunglasses on to lessen the glare of lights.
“Get your ass on the stage Mr Stark,” Pepper ordered, as firm and brisk as a drill Sergeant, “Or I’ll be putting these gorgeous jimmy choo’s up it!”
“We gonna go see Mamma now?” Zach chirruped bouncing into the lounge, his cheek smeared with jam from his breakfast.
“I don’t want to go either but we have to Zach.” Peter said patting his little brother’s back, “The law states we have to go to school, Mamma will be in trouble if we don’t and you don’t want Mamma to get in trouble do you?”
“Zach I am not joking, I will ground you for a month if  you don’t….don’t you cross that road, Zach I am telling you not to cross that road.”
He wasn’t even aware of the tears that were spilling down his cheeks until the principal handed him a tissue and awkwardly patted his shoulder.
Rhodey glanced at the suit then back at Tony a smile spreading over his face, “Goddamn man, you’re crazy and I love you, and I don’t know what to say.”
Tony’s lips twitched, “Smart man.” He said approvingly, “What I want is a few minutes alone with Dr Curien.”
His head felt heavy and his limbs horribly weak, there was a canula in the back of his right hand and a nasal canula which he grabbed and ripped, gagging as the tube came out of his nose. This looked like a hospital room, there were medical equipment around him, but it didn’t look like a hospital room, no windows, no chatter of nurses, it was a silent empty room.
Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes. “Why does no one take me seriously?” He muttered to himself, “Here we are at horror movie central. The middle of nowhere, so no one can hear us screaming when we’re being ripped apart or eaten or both, and all anyone thinks about is tent pegs.”
“No just scare him shitless.” The detective said dropping all act of professionalism, he rubbed his face, “As a cop I can’t do this.” He said, “But, as a private citizen when I am off duty at six pm tonight, I could not stop you visiting the hospital, or room 207 on floor five and speaking with the individual in there.”
But might have had something to do with Expresso climbing over his head at two in the morning as the damn creature had decided it wanted attention.
The roombas and the Botts were perfect for this, the botts especially since it was a new game for them to play, running around the lab trying to avoid getting webbed by Peter. Unfortunately a lot of things got knocked over, run over, and covered in flame retardant as Dumm-E got over-excited and began to fire his beloved extinguisher back at Peter and anyone else unfortunate enough to be in the vicinity, which very often was Tony.
“You want to shower next?” Steve asked him and Peter nodded, he went to the draws and got himself a clean T-Shirt and shorts to wear, padding into the bathroom when Tony came out with Zach, both of them refreshed, Zach was wearing one of Tony’s band T-Shirts which hung on him like a night shirt, under it he had on a pair of underpants but no shorts. Tony was similarly attired in a pair of boxers and a vest top.
He was finished with the Avengers. No longer fit to be Iron Man. He had proven to the courts that he was not directly responsible for Ultron, that the intelligence had already been present in the sceptre before he and Bruce had done anything. The scans they had on it had triggered something “Magical” for want of a better term and it had latched onto the Ultron programme that Bruce and Tony had been developing, attacked Jarvis and stolen one of the Iron Legion suites to create itself a body.
“What do you want to do?” Pepper asked when Tony had her go out and buy a dozen home pregnancy tests to confirm this, when every one of the plastic bastards came back positive he collapsed on his sofa and stared at the ceiling which still needed repairing from where he’d dropped through it.
“Bucky stop!” Steve pleaded running forward to put his hands against his chest, Bucky ignored him beating him down and wrapped the metal hand about his neck. “Hail Hydra!” He said as he took hold of Steve head ready to snap his neck….
“Sure.” Tony said, getting to his feet, “Jarvis, get Aristocats loaded up, and lets get this movie day started.”
“In the future? Who can say?” Steve replied, “But as for right now, I am happy to spend time with my daughter and this worlds Tony Stark, who has shown immense generosity and kindness in giving us a home here.” He gave Tony a beaming smile as the Billionaire stared at him with something close to amazement on his face, an image that was capture by several cameras and would be published shortly there-after.
Tony met his gaze without flinching, “I’m doing what Howard never cared to. I’m ensuring my families safety. Hammer is rich, he’ll spend a handful of years in a minimum security prison and then get out on some technicality or other, buy a judge or two to get his freedom and then he’ll go and find himself some new genius psychopath to help him get revenge. I’m not letting that happen, that idiot has cost enough lives already, too many. He needs to be stopped for good.”
“Confirmed.” Tony said going to the bed and picking his Son up, “Now if you’ll excuse me, a certain someone needs a bath.” Zach blew a raspberry and giggled, “Don’t give me that sass young Man, you do need a bath, you’re stinky. We’ll have to change your name to Zachary Stank!” His son giggled happily at that snuggling further into Tony’s chest and away from Natalie.
Tony was surprised that things were so different with this Steve. With Rogers he had felt no attraction at all. Yes, he had found the man attractive, only someone without functioning eyeballs would not notice that Rogers was a very handsome man. But that was as far as the attraction went.
“Whoa whoa!” The idiot protested hurrying to sit in a chair, “He’s here but he’s not here, its complicated.”
The Villa was a single level building built atop of the cliff face much like Tony’s Malibu home had been, but much smaller, it had an open plan Kitchen and living space with a large TV, corner-suite sofa and chaise lounges. There was one bathroom, and the master suite had an ensuite bathroom, so there was going to be arguing over using the bathrooms throughout the stay. There were also only two other rooms hence the fact they would be sharing.
Zach was with them, he should have been at school, but he’d been temporarily suspended pending an investigation by the school board.
“And yes, Peter not having classes with those two would be an excellent idea.” Tony said to the principal, “So long as you are happy with that?”
Tony looked half-heartedly a dozens of options, from the tradition green and white, to more modern styles, the very demure and the flamboyant, but nothing really caught his eye, nor was in remotely in the mood to try anything on.
Tony went straight to see the boy, who was in the hospital while social services decided what to do with him now he had no family to take him in.
“That’s right champ, no one wants to see any dangly bits.” Sam said taking a sip of his orange juice, “So remember to keep your pants on at all times.”
“Because we’ve be around six shops already and you’ve barely glanced at anything.” Pepper replied, “You enthusiasm for what is supposed to be the happiest day of your life is seriously lacking.” She frowned at him, “Are you sick?” She asked looking him over, “You look….” Her eyes widened and she quickly checked to see that there was no around them to over hear what she had to say.
The bickering continued all the way to the tower and up to the penthouse where they found Bruce watching some kind of documentary and sipping camomile tea which Tony declared to smell like cats piss and ushered Peter off to do his homework and took Zach to get him washed and ready for bed.
They had just reached the part where Ariel was about to sell her voice to the sea witch when there came a knocking on the window.
The Mayor of New York was hosting a charity Gala to help raise funds for the continuing rebuilding of the city, naturally the Avengers were to be guests of honour. Thor should have been coming too, but unfortunately, when they called Jane, they found that Thor had gone back to Asgard. Heimdal had sent a portal for him or something, or Odin had conjured dark energy…. No one was really sure, but Thor was off world and there was no word on if or when he’d be back.
T’Challa had been the enigmatic Uncle, and Natasha the mysterious Aunt. Carol the super cool cousin, and Steve as the Dad.
MJ was certainly fast, that was for sure, and she was keeping moving, she wasn’t just staying it one place, that would be too easy, so she was continuing to run, stopping only long enough to catch her breath before moving on.
“We can follow the cliff face back around to the start of the landing strip and head back to the villa from there.” Tony said, setting his back pack down in the shade of a palm tree.
“I’m not getting into that argument again.” He paused and considered things, “Maybe you should stay here with Bucky instead of coming to the UN with me and Rhodey.” Steve looked up from Lily with surprise,
“I don’t understand.” A woman in office clothing said, pushing tangled dusty hair behind her ear, “Why did Iron Man attack us?”
Curien nodded when the consultant paused to show that he understood, “When you were shot the bullet pierced your large intestine.” He went on, “We were able to retrieve the bullet and repair your intestine but you will be using a colostomy bag for the next six months to give the intestine a chance to heal. You will be shown how to change the bag….”
The Doctor’s expression said everything that everyone was dreading, “Mr Stark’s spine was completely severed by the bullet. Our Neurosurgeons did everything they could but were only able to stabilize the spine they could not repair the damage. I am afraid that Mr Stark will be paralysed below the waist.”
He did develop some interesting cravings though, who would have thought ketchup would go so well with chocolate ice cream?
“Screw you Stark, my ass is the finest in this business.” Clint called back and Tony could picture him flipping him off.
“Of course.” Tony muttered with a sneer, “The murder of Captain America and Iron Man will make people panic, they’ll welcome some powerful Anti-bad guy device, thinking that it’ll save lives, not realizing that they’ll be signing away their freedom to the people that murdered us.”
It was hard to remember, it was like trying recall a hallucination, he’d stopped thinking about it because he’d figured it was just his mind confusing everything after so much blood loss and heavy doses of drugs.
“You stupid, arrogant, bull-headed, imbecile!” Bucky roared punching Rogers until he was on the ground, “You think I wanted this, you think I wanted you attacking innocent people, you think I wants a black widow or Hydra’s Witch invading my privacy?”
“Thanks Dumm-E.” Tony croaked, his voice having gone hoarse, “Sorry if Daddy scared you guys, and thanks for cleaning up for me.” Dumm-E whirred as if were trying to tell Tony it was alright. Butterfingers beeped and YOU chirped.
“Oh my God is he going to kill Deadpool? Can Deadpool die? He can’t can he? But he’ll make a big mess on the pavement when he splats there!” Spider Man babbled as he and Steve hurried after them,
Steve wasn’t sure what he had said to that, he doubted it had been very polite, as he had bolted for the garage, taking his bike and driving for New York and Stark Tower.
Thor hummed looking thoughtful, “We do not use such methods in Asgard.” He said, “But I can understand your reasoning. Although I hope young Zach will not upset himself too much.”
Tony reached out for Peter and took his hands tugging the pre-teen towards him, once Peter was in front of him he pushed Peter’s hair back from his face, the boy needed a hair cut, again. Tony swore Peter’s hair grew at super-sonic speed!
It seems that the spider bite enhanced Peter, has given him abilities. Peter’s strength has been greatly enhanced, no one is entirely sure just how strong he is, but a spider can lift 170x their own body weight and Peter’s enhancement are coming from a spider so Doctor Banner is using a Spider’s abilities to judges Peter’s enhancements.
More than once the two were found in the morning by Bruce or Peter or Zach after they’d fallen asleep on the sofa having spent the night talking.
Steve chocked on his laughter hoping that the two women didn’t start fighting and gave a sigh of relief when Tony joined them.
Where in physical terms the Steve Rogers native to this reality was in his late twenties. This new Steve looked to be in the late thirties by Tony’s reckoning, he also held an air of maturity and worldliness that the younger Steve did not.
“Hey, Capsicle, welcome to my casa, come on in.” Tony greeted with a bright smile, “Mind the Loki shaped hole in the floor, and there might be some shattered glass from where he tossed me out of the window, I haven’t really gotten around to cleaning the mess up yet.”
“Umm, no but.., I’ve never held a baby,” Tony admitted, looking at Lily like she might break if he touched her. Carefully he took her into his arms, holding her with fear of dropping or damaging her somehow. “Uh, hi Lily, I’m Tony,” he stammered at the baby girl, who cooed at him, reaching out with a chubby hand to tug on his goatee, “Okay, oww, no beard pulling,” he complained, balancing her on one arm and taking her tiny hand into his own, surprised by the grip she had when she latched onto his fingers, “You’re strong aren’t you, little one?” he said, grinning at her, “I’ll bet you’re going to be a terror when you start walking,”
That was a lot of information to take in all at once and Steve didn’t pretend to understand, he just nodded his head and settled in to watch the program, actually finding himself enjoying it, although it seemed rather scary for a Pup as young as Zach. He glanced at the toddler, who was staring wide eyed at the screen deeply engaged in the program.
The Host directed the crew to film the sparring between Steve and Natasha. Steve had the strength, greater body mass, and height. But Natasha was far faster, far more flexible, and far more experienced than he. While Steve held his own and made her work for it, he inevitably ended up face down on the mat with one arm twisted behind his back and Natasha’s foot pressed against the back of his neck.
Tony flopped on the bed as soon as the door was closed, Steve following after him tossing his shirt onto the floor.
Tiredly, Rhodey, Matt, and Sam all made selections off the menu, while Vision floated around the room, finally asking for a soda water when pressed by Tony, as he liked the way the bubbles fizzed in his mouth. Steve had already eaten and was content to share in the absurd amount of sweets Tony ordered up to the room, and set about trying to make Bucky feel as comfortable as possible. Getting him to take a seat before the TV which Sam and Matt were fighting for control over while Rhodey tried to ignore them and Tony egged them on, urging them to get “Butt naked and start wrestling on the carpet!”
“Oh, and just to let you know, the parties cancelled.” Tony said to Happy as he headed for the bathroom, “Let Pepper know will you?”
“You’ve nothing to be sorry for sweetheart.” Steve assured Tony, reaching out and locking his fingers into Tony’s hand, he was briefly heartened by Tony’s fingers tightening around his until he realised how weak the grip was and how cool Tony’s body felt. “Baby hold on, I know it hurts but please just hold on for me.”
Well, Tony knew that wasn’t the case, it wasn’t like Steve was into him, he probably just didn’t approve of a widowed Omega dating, not when they had young Pups to care for.
Letting him go Steve sighed and sat on the edge of the bed, his elbows on his knees. He was worried about Peter too, and about Tony. He hated seeing Tony get so stressed out that he couldn’t sleep, he knew that Tony tended to blame himself when things like this happened, would work himself half to death trying to fix things, or distract himself. This was not really a situation that could be fixed with engineering or science, not that kind of science anyway. It would take time and patience to teach Peter self-control.
“I don’t know.” Peter said grinning at Zach, “I guess it’ll have to have something to do with Spiders. I’ll have to give it some thought.”
Over head Thor swopped through and decimated another tower sending the occupants toppling down onto the ground where they had to run or risk having Natasha run them over.
The older children milled around together, speaking in groups and dancing to the music the DJ was spinning, a couple of the more courageous ones asked for kisses under the mistletoe which resulted in red cheeks and giggles.
“Sound loud, its too loud.” Peter whimpered into Tony’s chest, “And the smell and feel of everything, I can’t bear it.”
“J, don’t be a party pooper, leave that to the lawyers.” Tony said wrinkling his nose, “And make it two sub basements for labs.”
“Aye, that sounds like an excellent activity.” Thor agreed with the boys, Tony looked to Steve who had a grin on his face,
From there it was hell on earth, quite literally, except the demons were called Chitauri and they came from a portal in the sky not out of the bowels of the earth.
“Because I can hear someone in there, they sound like they’re in pain.” Peter said, his urgency increasing when the moaning grew louder and more piteous, “MJ Please!”
“Captain, if you would be so kind, I believe Sir could do with some assistance in master Zach’s bedroom.” Jarvis said, making Steve look up from working on the portrait he was doing.
Bucky snatched his arm back from Deadpool with growl, “Touch it and die!” This did not have the desired effect as Deadpool placed his hands over his heart and fell back against the couch cushions with a dramatic exhale and threw his legs obscenely wide,
Steve gave her a grateful smile, "Thank you." He said loosening his grip on Tony just a little. The receptionist sighed heavily and shoved a pair of glasses onto her face and began to type onto her keyboard.
Steve looked at Tony and back at the director, “Tony doesn’t need taming. He’s a person not an animal. I thought those notions regarding “Breaking” Omegas were long gone.”
Twisting away from Steve Zach reached out towards Tony, breaking Steve’s heart as he cried out for him and began to beg Tony to wake up.
“I don’t know.” Steve admitted shaking his head as he sat back down besides Tony, his face creased with concern as he stared at the Omega’s bruised throat, he could see finger shaped bruising there, his best friends fingers had nearly crushed his Omega’s throat.
Peter puffed up with pride over this at getting such an important role in the wedding, he did however speak quietly to his Aunt Pepper about public speaking and making a speech since he was nervous about it, not least of all because his voice was starting to squeak and go deep at irregular intervals. He would be fourteen in the summer and the magic of puberty was starting to hit, he'd grown three inches already and with aches in his bones and his constant hunger it was pretty clear he would be shooting up a lot more yet.
“You say you’re sorry to her, fucking say it!” Peter yelled at Harry. The other boy’s face was covered in blood from his broken nose and split lips, he was crying and trying to fend Peter off but was no match for Peter’s strength or agility.
“Let the idiot in, I’ll let…. The other idiot in.” Sam said, getting to his feet and going to the door, letting Vision deal with Deadpool, while he let in Peter and surprisingly Clint.
“And if you wanted a business meeting why didn’t you arrange an actual meeting with Stark. Go through the proper channels, then you’d have met him sober and coherent, not practically about to pass out and start drooling over himself!” Clint added.
“No.” Tony said, “The rehab will learning to adapt to using a wheelchair, a disabled toilet and other essentials. There is no chance of recovery from this injury.”
"You are so brave Peter, so strong." Tony breathed, "You fight this, you fight this and you come back to us. We need you baby boy. I need you to give me snark over my flat hairy feet, my taste in music, and to call me a Hobbit!" He choked on a sob, "Who is going to help me in the lab, help me make a drone that carries water bombs that we can send into the air ducts after Clint? Or more Daleks and Cybermen to battle with our miniature Time Lord?" Tony's hands trembled in Steve's, "You can't leave us Peter, you can't. It's not time for you yet. You belong with us, with our family. You stay with us and you get better." He bent forward, kissing Peter's forehead, "Please Peter, please get better."
This good news, along with Peter being fully free of the tranqs that Maya had shot him full of had everyone in much higher spirits by the time they reached New York and headed for the hospital, where Peter was being kept in just for observation.
Steve nodded, not trusting himself to speak and offered Sam a tight smile. The Sergeant squeezed his shoulder and called out to Hulk and Thor, directing them to go and start working on the most damaged areas while they continued to work where the fires were less fierce.
“Fl..floor?” Steve stammered, “You’re giving us a floor?” He’d expected guest rooms, maybe large and luxurious with their own ensuite bathrooms, but a whole floor for him Bruce and Thor to share?
Harley was beside himself over the new workshop that Tony provided for him along with a Potato Gun Mark II that could store additional ammo so Harley would not be without a weapon once he had launched one spud.
Stories of patients being experimented on, brutally murdered and mutilated by the Doctors, created the perfect settings for haunted buildings and the like.
“I want a go!” Emma yelled thrusting her barbie at Natasha and ran down the garden to jump on the crate with Zach, “I ride with you?” she asked, all huge blue eyes, missing front teeth, and dark blonde pig tails.
“Down the corridor, turn left, down the stairs and into the large room. Go to the wall on the left you will find an open tunnel and a set of stairs they will lead you down into the lab.”
“Fuck, J, have I got flu?” He asked Jarvis as he panted against the toilet bowl, wincing as his back throbbed dully.
“Probably.” She said with a shrug, “Tony was pretty wild during the nineties and Stane liked to throw lavish parties and invite all the big A-Listers.”
“Well he is damn brave too.” Tony said, “And, if he would just come with me into the closet I would happily show him my appreciation….”
He swiftly took stock of the rogues and determined they had been neutralized then looked to Steve who was carrying an ashen faced and blood shot eyed Tony in his arms.
“Stay with him.” Tony said, “Tell him I’m sorry and I’ll see him soon with Zach. But aside from him and the team, don’t tell anyone I’m alive. Let the world think I’m dead for a while, if no one is looking for me I can move undetected, that’ll give me an edge going after this bastard.”
Steve coughed and choked on smoke and brick dust, his back hurt and his arm was twisted painfully over his head, the Shield over the top of him with a heavy weight on top of it. Beneath him Tony was coughing and spluttering too but very much alive to Steve’s relief.
“I’ll reprogram you and give you to a drive through, for the rest of your AI life you will be taking orders for burgers and fries.”
As expected, Zach was up at dawn, bouncing on Tony’s bed and then Peter’s as he squealed in delight and demanded that they get up and celebrate his “Getting bigger day”
“Do it.” Steve said, “Have Thor help too, the more we know about the Sceptre and the Maximoff’s powers the better.” Steve made to go into the hospital room then paused and turned back to Jarvis, “Thank you.” He said offering his hand, the Android paused, the face plate almost looking surprised or bemused, however Jarvis took Steve’s hand and shook it.
Ned’s excitement only grew worse when it was Steve who picked them up at school, Zach was in the back of the car in his booster seat swinging his legs back and forth.
Cautiously he approached Tony, hardly daring to breathe as he drew closer and closer, he was just a foot away when Tony stepped out.
“Its my secret power. Shit good luck and a winning smile.” Tony replied shooting Steve a grin as they headed under the bridge. Steve snorted and shook his head,
Sam had lent Steve and Tony baseball caps to wear and hoodies to help conceal their appearance from anyone who may be watching for them. The two of them made their way to the Captain America exhibit and stood with tourists pretending to be interested in the exhibit.
“Oh come on! This is Shield files. It was part of their intel that Romanoff and Rogers dumped all over the Internet…” Again he froze, remembering how reluctant both Romanoff and Rogers had been to have him going through the Winter Soldier files even though it could help with Steve’s obsession with finding Barnes.
This was a permanent injury, without a support device Tony wouldn’t walk again, he would also have complications from a compromised circulation, had been separated from his pups for weeks because of his recovery, and had suffered serious mental trauma that was still on going.
It seemed there were reporters constantly hanging around the compound, demanding to know his views on the sexual revolutions that had taken place since his day. Not just the equal rights for Women, which according to Natasha were still a work-in-progress, with the majority of women still being paid less than men, and a majority of companies in the USA not proving paid maternity leave let alone paternity leave. Stark Industries was one of the few that provided both, Twelve weeks at full pay, and a further six at half pay.
“You really will do anything to get a vacation won’t you?” He teased, “Never mind the rest of us working ourselves to the bone while you’re enjoying lay ins and room service, I’ll bet they are even bringing you cocktails on demand.”
As messed up as he was, Bucky couldn’t help but to snort at Deadpool’s theatrics, that amusement however was short lived as Rogers freed himself and kicked Deadpool off him, sending the lunatic into sprawling heap of limbs and curses.
It wasn’t difficult finding information on Anthony Edward Stark. He was even more famous than Howard had been, was frequently on News Paper’s and glossy magazines, or the news. He was currently completing construction on a huge sky scraper in Manhattan and would be moving into the Penthouse with his two kids. A Beta boy called Peter whom he’d adopted two years previously after the boys guardians had been killed during an attack on Stark Expo, and one biological Pup, a male Omega called Zachary, the offspring of Stark’s late Alpha Obadiah Stane.
“Yes. I saw the aftermath which was horrific.” Steve said, “But Tony found Curien cutting Peter open, while Peter was conscious.”
“I have to find him!” Steve said suddenly grabbing Tony and squeezing his upper arms so tightly that Tony knew he’d have bruises.
“Head in via the woods, the trees will give you cover.” Sam advised, “We’ll attack from above and try to drive the troops out to you.”
“I do.” Tony said desperately, in his minds eyes he saw this all falling apart very quickly if he didn’t resolve things fast. “I do trust you, I love you and I know you love me, I just want to make you, make us happy.”
“Dude I don’t know nothing about that, I’m just the janitor. I ain’t even allowed into the labs.” The man paused, “Seen some weird shit through the windows though, animals all pieces together and looking scary ass wrong.”
“Yes.” Steve said becoming serious, “Which is what I want to speak of today. M.S Potts has presented the world with the facts but I will give more context to them since certain people have decided to start laying blame unfairly at Tony’s door.”
“Have we an estimate on how many troops we’ll be facing?” Steve asked looking over the layout and calculating possible blind spots they could exploit.
Tony was in two minds about sending him though. On one hand he knew it would be good for Zach, he’d get to interact with children his own age, he’d be meeting new people, making friends (Hopefully with great ease and Tony ever had) He’d have new activities and be helped to get ready for starting school when he was six.
“Zach honey that’s not a man eater.” Steve said, he carefully reached down and picked up the two and a half inch reptile which squirmed worriedly in his fingers until it was safely deposited outside and could scurry away to safety.
“It’s fine Tony, really.” Steve said, his voice too tight and the words sounding false. “I get it and its okay.”
Tony saw it, saw the home in his mind. Some under funded, neglected shit hole, being run by people who didn’t care and spent most of the government funds on themselves while the kids were left in threadbare clothes, survived on one meal a day, and lost any faith they had in humanity.
Peter shrugged, “I don’t have much choice. Mamma and Dad will flip if I try and do anything before, they say I can, and I’m still learning what I can do.”
Taking off his jacket Killian made his way up the stairs, passing through the flames without any difficulty and made his way onto the catwalk. He slowly stalked Tony, laying his hands on the railings and channelled his heat into the metal turning it red, then white hot as he walked.
Since it was going to be Steve’s first Christmas since the forties, the team decided to make it as special a Christmas as they could, even going so far as to bake a Christmas cake, which took several attempts, a lot of swearing, a lot of smoke alarms screeching, too much drinking of the brandy that should have been going into the cake, and once the cake was actually successfully baked, the battle to get the marzipan and icing upon it commenced.
Tony didn’t mind sharing his bed with his Son once in a while, but with Zach running into his room every night for over a week it was starting to get worrying.
“What are you two doing here?” Bruce asked, as Thor took to the air, following after Rhodey to begin getting the rubble out of the way.
Natasha got down onto her knees and took Steve into her arms, pulling him into an embrace and let him cry into her shoulder, Bruce knelt besides them and rubbed Steve’s back while Sam and Clint flanked them providing a cover so Steve could have some privacy as he broke down.
“What were you thinking?” Pepper asked, “You scared us half to death.” She threw her arms around him, pulling him into a hug.
He had known something was wrong as he began to regain more awareness once he had been brought out of the coma.
Peter thought for a minute on how best to explain it, “You remember when Amy woke up on the night before her wedding because the Doctor had returned?”
“One moment Sir,” The Guard said and spoke quietly to the kids, “They say they are Ned Leeds and MJ Jones.”
Unsurprisingly the bullet did a lot of damage, rupturing my spleen, my gallbladder, and my stomach, it also did some damage that current medical technology cannot repair.
Having not been to the tower in weeks, the receptionist greeted Steve with surprise as he asked her if Tony was in the building, and was directed to Tony’s office, where the Billionaire was apparently doing the paper work he couldn’t pass off on other people or ignore until Pepper screamed at him and threatened to tie him to his office chair until he’d gotten it done.
However, his general feeling of shittyness did not pass even when Zach began to settle into a routine and could get more sleep. He had Jarvis run tests on him, and the cause was quickly discovered.
