He turns away, his breaths deepening as he fixes his eyes on the corner of the airfield.
“How’ve you been?” he chokes out. It’s making him extremely uncomfortable, this exceedingly formal way of conversation. After all they’ve been through, after all those shared experiences of danger and exhilaration that have brought them closer together, they’re sitting around having tea and talking like people who haven’t seen each other in months... well it’s technically true. It makes him slightly sick that their relationship has come to this.
Sherlock watches enraptured as John drops his hands to his sides, proceeding to rake his fingers up and down his skin.
He’s smiling in the photo, which is unexpected because the man that Sherlock is familiar with is bitter and angry…
It might have cost him his life... but it had been the right thing to do.
“Sherlock. Turn Around,” John insists, voice carrying a more authoritative tone this time.
His breathing eventually slows, his body relaxing as he slumps against John’s chest. He relaxes his grip on his jumper, John’s fingers continue to card through his hair.
They collide roughly, Sherlock’s chin on John’s shoulder and John’s cheekbone against Sherlock’s forehead, but none of them seem to care as they wrap desperate arms around each other, their bodies entwining as John gasps into Sherlock’s shoulder, burying his face in the crook there.
That there's still hope
“The creek was a place of solace and wonder for me as a child, mainly because the water would bring in new creatures with each day. It really made you feel like you were an explorer making new discoveries.”
Sherlock blinks, Mycroft’s face swimming into clear view. He tilts his head, scrutinising his brother’s face.
John chuckles in answer, reaching a hand out to smooth his fingers over Sherlock’s still damp hair before sliding them further downwards, following the trail of the train of his dog tags down to where they rest up against Sherlock's heart.
“Sherlock hey… sweetheart,” John whispers, pressing another firm kiss to his lips, “I’ll call. I’ll text. I’ll do anything in my power to get back here, to get back to Baker Street. I promise-”
Back in the drab bedroom with the windows that show nothing but white stretching out into nothingness.
The man is everything Sherlock is multiplied by at least 10, he’s practically a splitting image of him and John has never seen two people so suited for each other.
It’s there.
“It had the bonus of being a particularly unique name, which I suppose attracted me to it a little more. It sounded far more mysterious than a simple ‘Billy’. And at that time, I was trying to suppress my sadness from the loss of Redbeard, so the name ‘Sherlock’ provided a perfect replacement.”
“Yeah sure,” he says, moving to stand next to Sherlock, “See you later John.”
They are better together somehow… which is why losing Sherlock due to a botched confession would be absolutely devastating.
“No Miss, they somehow managed to bypass the firewall here. We weren’t-”
He knows that he’s beaten him.
There’d been a lopsided smiley face at the bottom of the note as well, a speedily scribbled smile that mimicked the one drawn across Sherlock’s features as he moved quickly to grab a chair and spoon. He’d slurped the soup up in greedy sips, trying to prevent himself from grinning and failing miserably.
Why is he still harping over this even though it isn’t and definitely will never be true?
A LOT brighter.
“You okay?” John breathes when they break away for air, Sherlock’s breaths coming harshly against his lips as he heaves, his eyes wide and dark.
“It was important to me,” Sherlock speaks, “Once.”
I really do hope that it is healing well. Please follow the doctor’s orders and make sure you don’t put too much stress on the stitches. Don’t want you ending up in hospital again.
“I panicked, of course, I went to buy a new bottle of bleach, poured some down the drain and left the bottle at their place. I also took a knife from their kitchen and stabbed that bitch in the heart. Lord knows she deserved it,” Cameron spits, voice sharpened with malice.
“This too,” he murmurs, throwing an arm around Sherlock’s chest, pressing a palm to Sherlock’s chest, his thumb gently stroking the bullet wound there.
“Sherlock this isn’t safe!” he snarls, looking absolutely livid now as he glares up at Sherlock. Sherlock turns away, refusing to dignify John’s comments with an answer.
He exhales sadly, shaking his head as he lays a new set of sheets down on the bed, tucking in the corners neatly (as John would’ve done) before arranging the pillows neatly.
Something’s going right for once!
What had that meant?
The floor gives one more strong jerk, causing Sherlock to lurch backwards... And he’s falling… falling…
“You really are beautiful when you’re dancing,” John breathes, the words coming out in a rush as he draws Sherlock closer to him, his eyes filled with awe.
Sherlock sighs, laying out the entirety of their visit to David’s place for Mycroft, finishing off his explanation with a huff and an “Interesting how you never thought to check the place yourself dearest brother.”
He doesn’t want to let go.
“Hmmm?”
How could Mary have done that to John again? How had she managed to pass him that driver without even batting an eyelid? Surely she must have had felt guilty at some point!
, a particularly unhelpful part of his brain posits, sending chills down Sherlock’s spine.
“John, I can’t,” Sherlock says, shaking his head, “This is your dinner. You’ve got a game on tomorrow. You need the nutrition-”
Hope you enjoyed that! Be sure to read more :)
Sherlock smiles warmly up at him, the relief evident on his face as he scoots over to the edge of the bed, closer to John.
“His name was Redbeard. And… He was my best friend,” he can feel tears threatening to well up in his eyes, the memory of his loyal Irish Setter holding sway on his emotions as he continues.
Sherlock chuckles in response.
“Please stay safe John,” is all he can say, wishing for the best and dreading the worst as he clutches the plastic covering of his handphone tightly, “Please don’t do anything stupid.”
He’d forgotten about it, wrapped up in the euphoria of the previous night’s activities, forgotten that John still had a wife… had a baby...
And that’s when he sees it.
“Finding chivalry sexy… hmmm… that sounds like you,” Sherlock chuckles softly as he turns to face John, fixing him with a besotted look.
“JOHN PLEASE- I-” Sherlock continues to whine as John slicks up his cock, aligning the head with his entrance, “Oh god-”
John’s face is now raised to the ceiling, obviously in a bid to reign in the chuckles that keep escaping through his gritted teeth.
“WHAT DO YOU KNOW OF LOVE?” Cameron shouts, “I read that Janine Hawkins article, you know. The one where she disses you to high hell. What was it she called you… what was it hmmm... Manipulative? Cold and unfeeling? Don’t lecture me about my relationships when you can’t even get yours right.”
“You spent half the day lazing about in bed and watching clips of “Britain’s Got Talent” on your mobile phon-”
This became the pattern for the next two days, Sherlock waking up just in time to see John off to work.
Sherlock barely has any time to react before John falls softly on top of him, a pillow in between them acting as a cushion for his landing.
John rolls off him, landing back down on the bed. He sighs happily, the corners of his lips upturned but his reverie is cut short by a mouthful of cotton.
Theory confirmed.
“You can’t not be with Mary.”
The man groans in response, the sound echoing across Sherlock’s lips as Sherlock takes John’s cock in hand. It’s already slick with lube and Sherlock is not quite sure when he missed that happening.
John sighs, giving it up as Sherlock falls into step with him, their shared footsteps now in tandem.
“No, he can do this,” he fills in for him, “I’ve seen it – the Mind Palace. It’s like a whole world in his head.”
He can hear John’s frown through the frosted glass. He can hear it in the shuffling of his feet and the swift exhale that counts as a very soft sigh.
After all, she was intelligent, kind of. She was all talent with a razor sharp wit and she came with a skill set that Sherlock could never hope to acquire (unless of course, he took up a career in killing people for a living). She was quite like him in several respects actually, except for the fact that she had a greater domestic presence than he had, a quality that he knew John always looked out for in potential partners.
John appears to be in a state of confusion, his jaw working up and down against Sherlock’s shoulder, as if wondering where he’s gone wrong.
John sighs, watching as the butterflies come to rest on the arm of the swing chair, wings fluttering as they huddle together.
“As in... “ John sighs, shaking his head, “yesterday… when you were interrogating Cameron…”
He’s somehow managed to botch the case of Eustace Carmichael, essentially killing the one man that he was supposed to have protected and to top it off, he still isn’t any closer to solving the case than when he first started
It’s late, and they both should be asleep… but John doesn’t want this day to end and from the way that Sherlock is behaving, he can tell that the man feels the same.
Sherlock chuckles a little at the sight, remembering that he’d made the hat out of a piece of Mycroft’s homework that he’d stolen. Mycroft had been spectacularly annoying that day and hence, he’d pinched the piece of paper to “put it to good use”.
“Oh, I see,” he says in exasperation, “Still not awake, am I?”
John is silent, his eyes transfixed on a spot a little above Sherlock’s head, deliberately avoiding Sherlock’s gaze.
The more he thinks about it the worse it will get.
It’ll be fine, he tells himself.
And it’s then that John’s laughter dies in his throat.
“Oh! do you really think so?” she giggles. “That’s rather nice of you.”
“Well?” he says, sounding defeated, “What do you think we should do?”
“So what about you, then?” he questions, his voice a little strained, ”Where are you actually going now?”
“As a matter of fact, she did. He lives not too far from here. We were the ones who broke the news. It came as quite a shock to him. They must have been really close because we had to keep handing him tissues as we questioned him,” Greg shrugs and says.
But that can’t be right… they’d ever discussed Sherlock’s friends from sixth-form… well not so much friends as enemies technically, and never once had Sherlock ever said anything about a “Victor”.
“You know what it is Sherlock,” he can hear Mary’s sinister smile through the phone, she knows she’s won, “but do you love him enough to let him go?”
However, Sherlock doesn’t respond. Instead, he continues to look at John intently, scrutinising his face carefully.
“She didn’t seem like the sort who would quit at the peak of their career,” he continues, “Obviously, something had happened to make her change her mind over freelancing...”
However, how much it’ll hurt seeing Sherlock make a decision that’ll leave John alone in the dust?
You’re amazing love. God, I love you, oh how do I love you.
Sherlock smiles, his gaze falling from his mobile as he moves towards the pile of groceries, resting his phone face-down on the countertop.
The rest of the car ride is charged, electricity zipping through the static air as Sherlock casts John furtive glances every now and then, John doing the same. And every time they hit a red light, both of them tense up involuntarily at the delay.
Yup, Sherlock is definitely going to be sick.
“John, we’re going to need to shower,” Sherlock blurts out all of a sudden, fixing his eyes on the man in question.
“You okay?” John murmurs as he guides Sherlock to the car, helping him in.
“John had become self-aware Sherlock,” Mycroft answers, drawing Sherlock’s focus back to him, “Any hostile signs towards Mary would have put a great strain on their relationship and could have possibly resulted in an… outburst of sorts. That was extremely undesirable so I told John to keep him safe, so that he’d wait till Mary gave birth before showing any overt hatred towards her.”
When he finishes, he fixes Mycroft with a withering look, waiting for his brother to correct him. Obviously something is up because his brother hadn't interrupted him once throughout his one-person diatribe.
“Fine,” he sighs, dropping his head as he returns his gaze to the glass casing, his nose scrunching up as he scrutinises the shoe sitting innocuously on the stand.
“This is… this is for you,” John says firmly, thrusting the dangling chain into Sherlock’s palm.
the voices start to chant in John’s head but John shakes them away. He can’t be like this all the time… He can’t.
“But… Is it okay if I bring someone along?”
Pulling at the sides of his underwear, Sherlock tugs it down towards the floor, revealing John’s cock.
“I... AM... THERE!” he finishes, proclaiming it to the heavens.
John nods his head happily.
“That’s the whole problem!” John almost yells, throwing his hands up in the air, the gesture catching Mike off guard.
“If you want to be technical about it, none of this is ‘the real world’. We’ve been in a simulation for years. It’s supposed to be till a colony is established on another planet, safe enough for us to leave the simulation and for our bodies to come back online.”
“Sherlock… Sherlock wake up.”
Mary’s wailing is soon drowned out by the sound of police sirens, Sherlock watching as Mary buries her face in her hands, tears streaming down her face as the gun in her hand falls to the floor.
The voice on the other end tapers off, plunging the room into silence.
He lowers a hand to Sherlock’s groin, taking the man’s cock in hand. Sherlock yelps in answer, arching off the bed as his hips snap downwards. He buries his face into the pillow, involuntarily thrusting upwards into John’s grip, further impaling himself on John’s cock.
He came up to this room to calm himself down goddammit, not rummage through John’s possessions.
Sherlock mentally reels back in horror, his eyes widening as he realises the true reason why his subconscious has brought Moriarty back.
Sherlock had somehow managed to insinuate his way into John’s life, becoming a vital part of John’s being so much so that separation would be simply unbearable for him.
And he'll be safe. Whatever it is, John's promised him that he’ll be safe.
It’s a typical countryside home, quite similar to that of his parents’. It’s possible that Mycroft had chosen this property out of sentiment… But that’s quite unlikely knowing him, Sherlock thinks to himself.
“-but you?” John shakes his head, flashing Sherlock a broad grin, “You were something else entirely. It took me a while to sort all of that out.”
He’s orgasmed at his own hand before of course, but this? This is so very different. It’s as if fireworks have exploded behind his very eyes, his chest set aflame with tongues of fire and Sherlock is wholly taken aback by it, his body still shaking as he comes down from the high, his eyes still screwed shut.
On his bedside table.
Sherlock mulls over this as he prepares the tourniquet, slotting it carefully around his left arm.
“So he’s dead,” Mary interjects.
“Didn’t know you’d be so vocal,” John chuckles, raising a hand to brush away Sherlock’s sweat slicked curls from his forehead as he sits up, surveying his work.
He’d considered calling Mycroft up and begging him to watch over John before Mrs Hudson had come in to tell him that if he were to continue like this for the rest of the afternoon, he was probably going to wear a hole in a carpet.
“I wasn’t expecting any mail,” he mutters as he picks up the package, holding it at an arm’s length as he carries it back to the kitchen table, setting it down gently.
The kiss had felt uncomfortable and unwelcome, as if the contact had turned his nerves to ice, extending freezing cold tendrils that had reached deep beneath his skin, chilling him to the bone.
“God it’s not just that it’s, it's…”
“Come on love! I’m running out of chores to give Bill to do! Please do come down and entertain him or at least help us with the table setting!” she hollers again, her voice reverberating across whitewashed walls as she stands, her arms akimbo, glaring up at the dark space at the top of the staircase.
John sighs, ruling that talking to Sherlock is a hopeless endeavor as he proceeds to grab a stack of pancakes for himself, drizzling a little bit of honey on the top before digging in.
Victor? Oh no.
Sherlock feels the man’s jaw shifting over the fabric of his dressing gown, feels the steady thrumming of John’s spoken promise in the press of John’s torso against his and instantly feels a little bit better.
He feels sick to the stomach, but he continues reading anyway.
“She had backup, called some of her men over to help her get out of the house. We managed to incapacitate two of them… But unfortunately, Mary Morstan managed to slip through our fingers.”
John gives a sad chuckle, shaking his head before lifting it from its perch on Sherlock’s collarbone.
Now’s a better time than ever to bring it up, to see whether the word “beautiful” is truly a description that Sherlock hates.
They remain silent for a while, John continuing to trace patterns into Sherlock’s back as Sherlock exhales softly into John’s jumper, nuzzling wearily into his chest.
She chuckles softly to herself as Sherlock harrumphs, doing his best to ignore her as he turns back to his microscope.
“Childish!” Sherlock’s yell is muffled by a layer of soft cotton.
“So when are we paying David a visit?”
Sherlock stares back at him, wide-eyed.
“I’m here,” he whispers when they part for air, John sobbing loudly now as he gives in fully to his sorrow, hiding his face in the crook of Sherlock’s neck as he begins to howl, his voice raised to the heavens as tears begin to roll hotly down Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock turns to Mycroft, at a loss for words.
“Sherlock,” John chuckles, pulling away from Sherlock’s neck, cupping his love’s cheeks, “That was the best day of my life. Honestly, seeing you again… coming back to you was the best decision I’ve ever made.”
He feels like a teenager that has just received their first text from their crush. Not that he actually knows what that feels like, seeing that no one had ever actually liked him back in secondary school. But it is a wonderful feeling all the same and Sherlock finds himself humming as he flicks on the taps, watching the water race down from above.
“So…” John starts, smirking, “Are you offering?”
Something’s wrong
“I’m not angry with you…”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t catch that,” he turns around to face Sherlock, a slightly puzzled look on his face.
, he thinks to himself. John who has seen him at his absolute worst. John who has watched him cauterise eyeballs in the middle of the kitchen, John who has seen him fire rounds into the wall in a fit of boredom, John who Sherlock has blamed multiple times for things he hasn’t done. And yet, despite all this, John still counts the person that Sherlock loves lucky?
Having not eaten at all yesterday, it had soon become apparent that satiating the “transport” had to happen sooner rather than later so he’d snuck out of his room, hoping to god that John was at work and not here at Baker Street.
The next chapter should... SHOULD be up within two weeks. Next week is a bit iffy cause I have an internship again but I'll make do
John shifts off with a wet “pop” in response, Sherlock gasping for air as John takes his top lip in between his own, worrying it before tugging on it gently with his teeth.
Mycroft lets out a deep, heavy sigh, the weight of it settling uneasily in Sherlock’s belly.
“Well,” Sherlock quips, his breaths stuttering, “I guess you got your wish.”
And to top it all off, John had fallen madly in love with him over the course of their first week of living together.
“Don’t worry about that, Mrs Hudson had me covered,” Sherlock replies, flashing John a worn out grin.
“John,” he ventures, his voice a little hoarse, “This isn’t the way to Baker Street.”
It feels like he’s on fire, like his whole body is like a bow that is high strung, taut and ready for release because Sherlock is extremely keyed up here, absolutely losing himself to the thrilling sensation of someone’s skin against his own.
Sherlock gulps, staring enraptured as John's other hand comes to wrap around the other side of his face, cradling his cheek reverently.
“Who found the bodies?” Sherlock interrupts.
“When we were talking in his bunk, yes,” John answers, snuggling up to Sherlock, his voice softening. Evidently, he hadn’t managed to hide his discomfort all that well. “Sherlock, we were together in the sense that… we both acknowledged that we had feelings for each other.”
And just like that, Sherlock had gone stiff. From the thrashing wild mess of a few moments earlier, his whole body had suddenly gone ramrod straight, his breaths stuttering.
Yup. That is a steep drop alright
But he had come back and found John with Mary. He'd come back and found John in the midst of a marriage proposal.
“There’s no such thing as ‘I felt like it’ with you love. So out with it,” John smiles, digging into the chicken before he suddenly remembers something, his face falling, “Did I forget something? It’s not our anniversary is it?”
The fifth morning had been a Saturday morning, meaning that John didn’t have to go into work early. Sherlock had woken that morning to bright sunlight streaming through the open windows, pooling in satin puddles in the dips and creases of their shared blanket. He’d snuffled sleepily, lowering his eyelids to dim the glare of the Sun as he turned to John. John’s arms had been resting possessively across his shoulder, his fingers spread across his arm in a slackened grip. Sherlock had shifted his forehead till it rested against John’s chin, rolling his arm slightly forward so that John’s palm now perfectly cupped the curve of his shoulder. He hadn’t been ready to get up just yet.
“So you didn't love her?” John questions, turning to face Sherlock.
He doesn’t look back.
John eventually breaks eye contact, chancing a glance down at his watch, smile faltering slightly as he stares at the white digits.
“Why?”
“Gonna fill you up, gonna make you feel so good, make you mine,” John growls and Sherlock’s heart leaps in response, his chest thumping loudly as John shifts, burying his face in the juncture of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder.
Are you finished?
They arrive home and quickly make their way up the stairs. Sherlock charges ahead, dumping his coat on the rack before making for his bedroom door. The very last thing he wants to do right now is to talk to John.
“But… He would have called or texted… or something!”
“It’s the landing,” he sneers.
He reaches out to grab John’s sleeves, shaking his arms in the hope that his friend will somehow come to his senses.
Although, he should be thankful that his thoughts have remained on that track.
Sherlock scoots up the bed, propping himself up on a pillow as John tosses his pants off, flashing him a predatory smile as he crawls up the bed, Sherlock’s heart beating loudly in his chest as John’s lips once again meet his, curling upwards in a grin.
Which means that Sherlock isn’t seeing something that he’s supposed to be seeing.
Sherlock huffs, pressing the bottle of lube firmly into John’s hands.
Mary sneers, rocking forward into Sherlock’s space.
John shakes his head, chuckling as he starts forward, Sherlock and Victor following after him. They need to be done by 2 p.m. They’ll be meeting Mike and Irene for lunch down at the discount diner and John would rather not be late (Irene is rather terrifying when pissed).
“Good afternoon to you too, brother” he sneers, dumping another can into the cupboard. He listens as it gives a satisfying rattle before striding back into the sitting room, taking a seat on his own leather chair.
“John, you’re getting a bit hysterical,” Mike mumbles, rolling his eyes, “And I’m pretty sure that wasn’t the exact phrasing that Sherlock used.”
“You’re welcome,” he grins, tugging John towards him.
John whips his face around almost immediately, finding Sherlock barrelling down the bleachers, his scarf whipping furiously about his head as he makes his way hurriedly towards him.
“What the hell have you done?” he whispers, the words coming out in a rush as Sherlock looks away from him, his gaze apologetic.
What if John has finally decided to leave Sherlock-
“I’m a high-functioning sociopath!”
John closes the door with an angry thud, huffing as he turns around, heading back to his bed-
There's only one person who'd bother to call at this hour. And in view of the circumstances...>
Wha- Are you serious Sherlock. You’re going to use a 100 year old-
They fall onto the sofa eventually, their legs tangling as John nips playfully at Sherlock’s upper lip, their kisses becoming messy and uncoordinated till the two of them are flat out laughing, chuckling into the small space between their lips before Sherlock’s draws him in again, drinking his fill before his head falls back, his eyes closed in sated bliss.
Starting university on monday so... updates henceforth will be very very sporadic and we'll just have to see how much time law school takes away from me I want to screm.
“I should’ve killed you the moment you stepped into this room,” she utters simply, flicking the safety off and setting her finger on the trigger.
“Well I sure hope it does,” John answers, reaching for the doorknob, “It’ll make it a lot easier for me to get you to eat in future if so?”
John groans softly at his own misfortune.
Sherlock obliges, clutching the brown envelope like his life depends on it as he reaches for a penknife, cleanly severing the adhesive as he pulls out the contents of the package.
“Maybe there are one or two things that I know that you don’t,” Sherlock says frustratedly, looking at Mycroft, silently pleading his brother not to pursue this course of conversation any further.
He pulls on a pair of gloves, retrieving a rag and some disinfectant from the sink cupboard before swinging the rest of the cupboard doors wide open.
At this, John turns his face swiftly away, looking slightly… guilty? Sherlock’s brow furrows slightly. What did he do this time?
“But you couldn’t have killed him,” he mutters, a little unsure, the lines of reality and fantasy blurring as Moriarty turns back to face him, a smug look on his face.
He loves them, god he does. He loves them in low-slung pyjama bottoms, the bone just peeking out of the tattered cotton and he loves them especially after sex, when the sides are bruised and marked with his fingertips. God...
“What do you mean?”
“Get down, Watson, for heaven’s sake!” he hisses, startling Watson so much that the man quickly drops back down to the floor, his knees hitting the ground with a muffled ‘thump’.
However, John flinches the moment Sherlock’s teeth make contact with his skin, his lips falling still as Sherlock panics, worried that it might have been too much for John to take in. But then John groans, a deep sound that seems to resonate from the depths of his chest, his lips soaring up to claim Sherlock’s once more, egging Sherlock on.
“You know what I am,” Moriarty drawls, “I’m Moriarty. The Napoleon of crime.”
Sherlock's face hardens as John moves to pick his phone up from the mantle. He’d forgotten it when he went out it seems.
But then he raises glazed, reddened eyes to John’s sea blue ones, seeing his sadness mirrored in his best friend’s gaze and he thinks to himself that if John deserves anything, it’s a final chance to say goodbye to him.
Shit though whatever he says next will implicate him in some way or another. Even if he refuses to dance, John will be able to easily needle the real reason why out of him, John isn’t that stupid.
“There goes Sir Eustace,” he murmurs, turning now to another lighted window on the other side of the house, watching as that window goes dark too.
His subconscious has been there since the beginning, trying to convince him that John was the one for him, the one who he needed. Heck, it’d even somehow managed to force him to give an aborted confession of love.
“John, I’m assuming you’ve contacted Mycroft,” he says quickly, his heart thumping in his chest as John lets out a loud exhale.
And then he's running, tearing his way out of the living room as John stares back at him, dumbfounded and in shock.
It’s large and doesn’t exactly fit… But it’s comfy and it’s John’s so that makes everything all better.
And judging from the way that Sherlock’s talking about him, he seems to be a friend? Of some sort? Which is is strange because never has Sherlock Holmes bothered to meet up with a past acquaintance, let alone spoken favourably about any one of them.
Hope you enjoy this chapter!!! I had a lot of fun writing it.
“But she said-”
John moans in response, fisting his hands in Sherlock’s curls as he presses the man back down onto the bed, their tongues tangling obscenely.
Lestrade showing up at their doorstep at this hour is a definitive indication that the MET has a case they need help with, something that Sherlock has always relished. But ever since John left, he’s been going on cases alone and on every single one of these occasions, he’s felt like a lost man without a compass. He had talked to John in his Mind Palace, using him as a sounding board for new ideas and theories but it wasn’t the same. The excitement and adventure of a new mystery had lost its spark, its lure without John’s presence. Sherlock used to puzzle about this new development. After all, he’d been fine before John came around. It’s taken him years to figure this out but he now knows the true reason for his apparent lack of interest in cases. He can now pinpoint the exact moment it started, the very first day he and John met. It was the time they came running back into 221B, sinking against the wall laughing and breathless. The very moment the cases stopped being about adrenaline and brainwork and instead, more about spending time with John. And if this is the case, Sherlock is most definitely not in the mood to sign up for another one if John is not around.
“Yeah?” Sherlock responds, willing his voice not to tremble as he gazes resolutely at the dregs sitting at the bottom of his cup.
“John,” he begins, his voice threatening to crack.
Sherlock is absolutely entranced, raising his hands to cup their cheek, planting a soft kiss on their lips.
The first of many.
“Let me try something,” he mutters silkily as he crooks his finger upwards-
“I think I’ll go up now and unpack for a bit,” he says, getting up from his chair. “Do you mind doing the washing up?”
Giggling softly in reply, John flexes his fingers in Sherlock’s grip, shaking his head as he buries his nose in Sherlock’s hair, nuzzling into the nest of curls there.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, his eyes a stony blue as he fixes them back on his microscope.
He watches as the officers spill into the room, handcuffing Mary swiftly and leading her away, even as she stares forlornly after John, as if wishing to reach out and hold him. That’s the last thing Sherlock would ever allow her to do.
How could she do this to him?
"So we got really curious and decided to do some research into these two women’s lives. We looked into their social media accounts, their messages... everything! But nothing shows that these two women have ever met before this, let alone known each other"
He can’t look anymore, he can’t-
Shooting one final glance in the direction of the room, Sherlock smiles, turning his attention back to the plates.
He remembers a mound in their backyard. He remembers salty tears that were mopped away with dirt-soaked hands. He remembers burying the book of constellations together with Redbeard, never wanting to see it ever again.
“I have,” Sherlock replies indignantly, struggling to keep himself calm, “I just didn’t sleep very well is all.”
:,) Buckle in guys, we've got angst incoming
A pregnant pause follows, fuzzy silence filling Sherlock’s ear as neither of them can bring themselves to hang up, neither wishing to return to reality...
“Alright…” he says, sounding defeated and dejected.
, it reads before cycling to a mess of images, many of them taken from a helicopter hovering some distance above Magnussen’s house the day Sherlock had shot him.
He pushes John off him roughly, breathing heavily as he begins to gather his wits, staring up at John with terrified eyes.
“I’m fine,” he answers, an arm instinctively wrapping around Sherlock and drawing him closer, “It’s just…”
He listens out for the retreating footfalls of the flight attendant as he opens his eyes.
“You know I was wondering where this mug had gone, thought it’d gotten lost when I moved. Turns out it’s been here all along,” John mutters as he examines the mug.
There is a slim chance at a possible rescue though, Mycroft might sense that something is wrong since he terminated his call so swiftly. If so, he’ll probably send his men in to help him.
“When I realised it though?” Sherlock smiles, feeling an answering smile on John’s lips, “That’s a lot trickier… I’d repressed the thought of loving you for quite some time, refusing to deal with it and keeping in denial… However, when I left for… you know… It was quite emotionally taxing and the only thing that kept me going was coming back to Baker Street, and eventually that morphed into coming back to you.”
Why does his mind palace keep calling Moriarty back into existence? He doesn’t need to be here, why does he keep invading his personal space?
“Yes, of course I checked it Sherlock,” John answers, his eyes darkening as he fixes Sherlock with frustrated glare, “After all that she did to you do you really think I wouldn’t have?”
“Yes indeed,” Sherlock replies, moving towards the light switches. He flicks the switches on and off, gazing up at the bulbs’ luminous glow before taking a seat opposite Cameron, John moves to join him.
“So?” Sherlock snaps back, shifting a little to get more comfortable on his chair. This is going to be a long conversation.
“What’s the matter with you this evening?” Sherlock intones, glaring darkly back at him as his friend raises an accusatory finger, pointing it at Sherlock’s watch.
Sherlock frowns, thumbing through the texts one more time.
“So… you really love to dance? Don’t you?” he asks tentatively, his voice shaking slightly.
And then he's crying, honest to god weeping as he slides to the floor, his fingers buried in his hair as tears roll hotly down his cheeks.
He remembers John being a source of endless fascination to him, initially viewing John as an interesting study as he scoured for information on him (i.e. his birth certificate), desperate to find out what made the man tick, what made him John Watson.
Did you check the body? Are you sure he didn’t fake his death just as you did?
“You must know that he’s dragged me to every single rugby game you’ve ever had, just because YOU were there-”
He gazes into Sherlock’s eyes, admiring the ever-shifting cerulean orbs there as he strokes Sherlock’s lip. Sherlock’s closes his eyes in response, awash in sensation as he seeks out the pressure from John’s thumb.
“Let’s go home,” he murmurs into the crook of John’s neck, the intimacy of the situation dampened somewhat by the various police officers milling around the room. But John smiles anyway, his lips pressed up against Sherlock’s neck as he affords the skin there a quick kiss.
“I don’t see anything wrong with this,” he says, flashing John a perplexed look.
Sherlock blushes, his cheeks going red as he rises from his seat, walking over to the cupboard. He returns with the tumbler of crisps, popping the cover open and proceeding to munch on them loudly.
“So?” Sherlock barks, stopping his brother in his tracks as he stalks to the front of his desk, “Anything?”
“Yes, let’s.”
, he thinks as his vision fades to white.
He smirks as he gives the area one final swipe with his tongue, Sherlock’s body relaxing as John presses one final kiss to both his nipples before moving on.
Is he finally going mad?
There’s no time for lubricant, no time to go slowly so John swirls a thumb around their leaking heads, using whatever precome that’s there to pump them both over the edge.
Because for some reason, John and Mycroft decided to bring him here rather than Baker Street. It’s curious, considering the fact that Mycroft could have just assigned his personal doctors to take care of him at Baker Street. He’s done that before, on danger nights. So why the hell is he here at Mycroft’s house?
Found it.
“MmHmmmmm,” Sherlock hums, taking a vicious stab at a pancake as he stuffs it into his mouth.
He traps the puckered skin between his own, pulling roughly and repeating the movement again and again and again and slowly Sherlock starts to get the hang of it, giving back as good as he can get.
He’d tried to control himself, he really had.
And that's all it takes for John's self-control to break.
“Sorry Mrs Hudson,” John chokes out, clearly struggling to get his giggles under control as well. “We’ll try to be more quiet next time.”
What is he talking about?
It turns out that John’s plan to discuss things is too idealistic.
“There was just a lot of stuff to pack up,” he begins, sneezing before continuing, “It took me a while to finish and when I was done I grabbed all my bags and walked out the door-”
“It’s ok Sherlock,” John reassures him, flashing him a huge grin. Oh god, he didn’t mean to make him feel bad about it, it’s just the way the genius boy’s mind works and if John has to get used to it, he will get used to it. “I know that it's something that you do to help yourself think better and on no account should you change that for me.”
Sherlock swallows, watching as Mary makes her way up to him while John oscillates near the open car door, clearly wondering whether he should come over or not.
This isn’t normal.
There are men on the rooftops, unclear figures morphing into the bodies of people as they run, fleeing from some unknown terror.
It had kept him sane, kept him from accidentally revealing anything he hadn’t wanted to. The only time he’d ever let himself go was on the night of their last practice session, when John had moved pre-emptively to grasp Sherlock’s back, keeping his chin a safe distance from Sherlock’s shoulder as he directed Sherlock around the room.
John doesn’t respond to this, his head still smushed up against his shirtsleeves so Mike sighs, reaching a hand over to squeeze John’s shoulder.
John smiles against Sherlock’s skin, stopping temporarily to nuzzle his face into Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock grows bolder, slipping his hands under John’s shirt.
GEEZ.
Sherlock had said that Victor’s father had been a businessman who owned a company, a company which was likely multinational, given that he was working in England even though it was based in Australia. And running into debt aside, Sherlock had said that Victor’s economic situation had improved immensely.
“Sorry, I can’t answer that,” he says, turning back to face the window.
“Sure darling, of course,” he says, smiling as Sherlock nuzzles into John’s neck, sighing happily, smelling the tang of sex there mixed with the fragrance of lavender bath salts.
“I… I want to wear the jacket,” he mutters, “If that’s alright with you.”
John bites his lip in trepidation, clearly at a loss for what to say. But then he stiffens, looking resolute and certain as he replies:
He wants it more than anything, wants breathy exaltations whispered into the shell of his ear, wants to lose himself in sweet, gentle caresses and soft moans, wants to feel the searing pain of being marked and loved and taken and oh god he wants it all, all of it.
“Sherlock,” John begins, “Do you really think that I didn’t take all this into consideration when I decided once and for all that I was finally going to pursue a relationship with you? Do you really think that I didn’t even think about the baby?”
He must be dead, yeah that must be it, Sherlock thinks as he moans loudly, his nostrils flaring. Because how the hell did they end up here? It just doesn’t make any logical sense! John was angry, livid even and-
“Hello Sherlock,” a silky voice calls from the door, the metal hinges creaking jaggedly as Mary steps into the room, her eyes gleaming, “Nice for you to finally join us.”
for any fic updates
“And also, you’re a madman really. Playing till your fingers bled? Sherlock you should have known better. I really can’t leave you for more than one day, can I?” he chuckles, raising Sherlock’s hand to inspect his fingers once again.
At this, he turns around, dashing out of the diner, leaving the rest of them sitting in the booth in stunned silence.
And just like that, the room stops shaking.
John refuses to respond to that, letting Sherlock’s sentence trail off as he picks up his pace, walking twice as fast now. It seems to stun Sherlock for a moment before he races ahead to catch up, his long legs helping him make up for the distance.
A midnight black car is driving down the road, gravel crunching loudly under its wheels as it makes its way over to the airplane.
“How did you know?”
So Sherlock had since stopped thinking about it altogether.
“So what now?” he breathes, taking a deep breath, “What’s the plan exactly?”
Tapping his feet fitfully, Sherlock watches the elevator numbers tick slowly to five.
He feels safe and secure in John’s arms. They're not so much a cage as they are a warm refuge. He yawns softly and feels John’s arms tighten around him instinctively, drawing him close. John shifts his hand to rest on his head, his fingers slowly and gently carding through Sherlock’s hair, an exquisite feeling that makes Sherlock smile against John’s neck.
“Did he really?” he inquires, the curiosity in his face evident as he looks up at Mummy Holmes.
(See the end of the chapter for
As expected, the dialling tone is cut short in only a matter of seconds, the ringing in his ears fading to deafening silence as Sherlock takes a deep breath.
This morning, John finally makes up his mind.
Oh god this, this whole conversation… he thinks, This narrative would have been perfectly fine without this talk in the greenhouse. And yet, somehow this conversation is happening. His subconscious must have wormed its way through the parameters of his clearly defined event timeline, creating a situation that he hadn't anticipated.
“I missed you,” John chokes into his chest, holding him closer, “I missed you so… much-”
Every time that Mike has seen her, she always somehow has full makeup on, even for 8 a.m. classes.
Sherlock fuck I want to touch you. God do I want to.
And this time, it’s taken the shape and form of his worst nightmare.
“John,” Sherlock starts, watching as Mycroft stalks off, leaving him and John alone in the foyer, “John, why the hell am I here.”
“Hmmm… Let’s see,” she hums, “I don’t think… Siger’s gone out to get the firewood, Mycroft’s already put the pie into the oven… Oh yes! John darling, I do believe there’s one more thing you can help me with… Though it’s probably not going to be an easy task to carry out, I assure you.”
He sets the photo frame down again, giving it one last lingering grin before poring over the rest of the items on the bedside table. There’s a small stack of receipts in one corner, mostly from Tesco (John refuses to shop at Waitrose) and two medical textbooks that have been recently opened and bookmarked. Clearly, John had been doing some reading before bedtime before he’d moved down permanently to Sherlock’s room.
There's an awkward pause before John continues, “Well he's one lucky sod then-”
, Sherlock thinks as John slinks an arm under his to rest on the curve of his back, raising his other arm in the air in a silent, smooth gesture. Sherlock takes his hand swiftly, closing his eyes.
John stands up steadily, nodding at Mycroft.
John wakes with a start in the middle of the night.
“I DID NOT,” he recovers himself and yells in the general direction of the door. He buries his face in his hands, feeling the raw embarrassment leaking out of him pore by pore.
“See you soon,” she calls one last time as John shuts the door, strapping himself back into the driver’s seat, his expression morphing into something stonier as he turns the ignition.
The lamplight gleams across the exposed skin near Sherlock’s hip now, the rest of his figure bathed in shadow as the clock slowly ticks its way to midnight.
In the previous instance, Sherlock had been sure and certain that Moriarty had been put there by his subconscious to wake him up… and well he hadn’t exactly been wrong.
“And what, talking about it makes things all better now doesn’t it?” Sherlock snaps, fixing John with a haughty look, “Talking about it brings Magnussen back to life, helps me to erase the worst mistake I’ve ever made in my life? Is that it?”
Which means Mycroft meant that Mary is in danger.
After all, he can’t give the man a proper bath without getting a little wet.
“But look how you care about John Watson,” Magnussen sneers, a cruel gleam in his eye as he watches John make his way over to the semi-transparent screen. “Your damsel in distress.”
This is real isn’t it? What just happened? It wasn’t just some hallucination.. was it?
Sighing softly in response, John fixes him with a reassuring gaze, pressing a kiss to one of the corners of Sherlock’s cheekbones, sucking the skin there gently as he draws a line down the other side of Sherlock’s face with his other free hand.
“And what’s the occasion for this lovely meal?” he says playfully, bending down to examine the oven, “The chicken smells heavenly. Is that paprika?”
“I hope there’s enough in there to go around. Hope you appreciate it. XOXO Mary Watson”
He speaks the words softly, the sound carrying like a voice on the wind. However, it’s not quite soft enough for John not to hear.
Sherlock and John stick firmly to their sides of their shared seat, sitting as far apart from each other as they can manage. Sherlock can feel it, an invisible wall growing in between them, a bubble of tension, a product of words unsaid, ready to burst. He fiddles with his fingers uncomfortably while John faces the window, streetlights ghosting past his worn features. He looks deep in thought and Sherlock notices that his left hand is trembling.
This doesn’t make any sense?
“Do you really find me beautiful?”
“Sherlock, I understood none of what you just said.”
Most of the ride is spent scowling and moping as John tries to offer him with some comfort despite being equally tense, resting a reassuring hand on his thigh as Sherlock continues to stare out of the window.
“It’s... it’s...,” Sherlock stutters, “The day you returned.”
“He was mine, Sherlock,” she snarls, “We were engaged.”
“Never mind, let’s… hurry home,” he says, burrowing his fingers deep into the pockets of John’s jacket, causing John’s heart to twist at the sight.
2. John is best with Mary
Stepping onto the crisscrossing steel grating of the second-floor platform, Sherlock gulps as he tests the rusted floor before him. It should hold, hopefully, otherwise gravity will do Mary’s job for her.
That is absolutely unacceptable.
Strange, Sherlock thinks. John’s asked him this before, sort of, when they’d practised for his wedding, when John had carried Sherlock in his arms and it had been easy to imagine, even if only for a second, that John was his and he was John’s.
Alright it’s getting late, night love.
She’d been a role model for him, well his parents both. He does have to give his mother a large amount of credit though. She’s no doubt an intelligent woman, most definitely on par with or possessing a higher IQ than him or Mycroft. Stopping work to take care of both of them probably took a great toll on her, Sherlock supposes, seeing that even he can only go so long without mental stimulus before driving himself absolutely up the wall. Despite all of that though, she’d never let it show, always presenting herself as an exuberantly caring and doting mother.
“No,” he manages. He scowls, trying to put on the most bitter expression he can manage as he turns to face away from the window.
Sherlock holds his breath.
There’s a tourniquet as well, a rather old-looking, rugged one, similar to the ones that Sherlock used to use in his uni days.
“I missed you too,” Sherlock answers, “I- I… Six weeks was too much.”
IT'S BEEN A WHILE.
Sherlock is standing by the stove, his brow furrowed in concentration as he flips a layer of rosti over and over again, leaving it to sizzle before sliding it out onto a plate next to him.
Sherlock keens in response, mewling into the shared space between their lips as his hips roll lazily upwards, his cock already twitching in anticipation.
“If you wish to be closer to the action, the console room for comms is just one floor below,” he continues, fixing Sherlock with a wry smile, “I'll alert the attendant for you, all you two have to do will be to tell them that I sent you.”
“Thanks for the offer Sherlock,” she had said, “It’s nice to know that you truly do care about John and I. Well… you already know my answer don’t you?”
He turns his head away in mortification, burrowing his head down into his scarf and that has to be the most adorable thing that John has ever witnessed.
Well… of course he finds them beautiful, he’s the one who constructed them.
“Professor, if you wouldn’t mind stepping away from my friend,” Watson says firmly, “I do believe he finds your attention a shade annoying.”
“Has it ever occurred to you that maybe what you want is the same as what I want?” he mutters in deep baritone into the shell of John’s ear, sending a shiver down John’s spine. “I did say that I was… more than amenable to your possessive nature when we are alone so…”
The spot on the bed next to him dips downwards as a warm pressure presses lightly into his side. Sherlock takes the hint and rests his head on the figure’s shoulder, burying his face into what seems like a wool jumper as tears continue to stream down his face.
And now John has to leave…
Sherlock sits up in shock, blue eyes raking up and down John’s form.
John smiles wistfully, gazing into the mirror before him.
He remembers watching the slow heave of John’s chest, resting his palm gently on the curve of John’s hip to reassure himself that he was really here and that this wasn’t a dream before maneuvering himself back down, curling up next to John as sleep pulled him under once again.
Sherlock glances up at him, his nose crinkling as he examines John’s face closely.
Sherlock fixes John with a stern look, his gaze darkening.
John’s face has gone as white as a sheet.
Mycroft’s house is just as he’d remembered it, which is strange, considering his last visit must have been at least 4 to 5 years ago.
John hangs his head at this so Sherlock hurries on.
It’s visceral and slightly painful but Sherlock needs this, and John does too. He needs to know that John is there, that John won’t leave, not this time and he imagines that John feels the same way.
Sherlock rolls his eyes in answer.
Still here love, that was just a bit much haha.
Hope you guys enjoyed this chapter!!!
“Sher- Sherlock,” John’s nearly breathless voice rings out amidst crumbling static, the abject fear in his voice practically bleeding through the telephone lines.
There’s a short pause before the man on the other end of the line bursts into giggles, his laughter echoing across the static between them and Sherlock heaves a heavy sigh of relief.
John relaxes his arms after a moment, pressing a quick kiss to Sherlock’s spine before speaking.
The floor is coated with a thick layer of dust, stretching wide and far off to the corners of the room. The ceiling is covered with a sprawling mass of cobwebs, spanning the area from the front of the door to the windows in front of him.
He remembers crying after, ugly tears dripping down his face as he finally came to the conclusion that he was trapped here forever...
Amphetamine, cocaine...
“Lemme sleep,” he mumbles in deep baritone, grabbing the object currently resting on his face (that he now realises to be a pillow) and throwing it in the general direction of the source of the foul noise that had disturbed his slumber.
He unlocks the door reluctantly, sitting back down on his bed as John comes in, his eyes alighting on Sherlock’s before he twists his gaze away, staring up at the ceiling instead.
He makes to step forward but Mycroft clears his throat, preparing to speak.
He’s well trained in martial arts, this has NEVER happened before.
And begins to play.
Sherlock cuts him off by wrapping an arm around the nape of John’s neck, pulling the man’s face down towards his as he mashes their lips together in a bruising kiss.
So Mary had lied.
Sherlock’s eyes fly wide open as he reaches for the bedside drawer, pulling out a bottle of lubricant. He uncaps the bottle, squeezing its contents liberally onto John’s open palms as the man goes back to work. And this time, Sherlock’s hips buck wildly off the bed, rolling upwards towards the pressure of John’s hand.
They hadn’t spoken since then, well not until now at least, John choosing to remain silent as he carded calloused fingers through Sherlock’s hair, clearly deep in thought.
It’s not a dream, it wasn’t a dream… It was real, they had actually had sexual intercourse and…
And on the flipside.
Sighing deeply, Mike opens his mouth, preparing to talk some sense into his friend.
Sherlock has never been fond of seeing John angry, well maybe only when John has gotten angry at someone who has threatened to hurt or has hurt him. That does fill him with a sense of satisfaction, satisfaction that he actually means enough to John for him to unleash his “protective tendencies”. But this is different, this is John being threatened and afraid, being cornered into anger as a self-defense mechanism and this is something that Sherlock hates.
Well guess what! After serious deliberation... I've decided to split the chapter up! Again! HAHA you have my friend to thank for this update uwu
“After your.. Death…” John starts, his chest heaving, “I was quite shaken and felt I needed something far safer in my life and… Mary was waiting.”
Why is this situation so complicated? So fragile that any one move he makes could possibly ruin or fix a relationship, whether it be John and his or John and Mary’s?
“Oh really now?” he chuckles, raising himself up by the arms.
Bolting from the bathroom, Sherlock swings into the living room, calling out to David one final time.
“Congratulations,” Moriarty’s voice rings out through the sound of thundering water, “You’ll be the first man in history to be buried in his own Mind Palace.”
“A deal with the devil.”
There’s an openness there now that has never been there before, John thinks to himself as he takes Sherlock’s hand, leading him to the living room.
It’s literally in the middle of nowhere and Sherlock has next to no idea why anyone would have built a warehouse all the way out here.
At this, he bends down once again, his lips slotting against Sherlock’s as the man whimpers, his fingers digging into John’s back. The pressure only serves to egg him on, John licking a seam down Sherlock’s closed lip, feeling the dips and creases in the chapped skin as Sherlock moans, his fingers migrating to John’s cheeks to pull him closer.
“Sherlock, that was absolutely amazing,” John finishes, flashing a shy smile at Sherlock as he takes a seat on the sofa. In response, Sherlock stares dumbly back, his eyes wide, absolutely flabbergasted.
John turns back to face the cab, his shoulders stiff and level. He huffs, taking a half-step forward before he pauses, halting mid-step. His left foot hovers over the pavement, his body trapped in limbo for a split second before he twists around swiftly, making his way back towards Sherlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not. A. Chance.” Sherlock spits, absolutely livid. “He’s just as safe with Mary as he is with me.”
So they had been together.
And that’s when John sees the man on the rooftop taking aim.
“The same reason I did everything else… To protect you.”
Oh god.
He looks so defeated that Mike’s gaze softens, deciding that he might have been too harsh on him.
Because all he really wants to do right now is to fall into John’s arms and kiss him for hours. He wants to tell John that it’s been the same for him, that he’s loved him for years now too and that he never wants to be apart from him ever again.
His bow draws quiet notes from the strings, gentle chords that whirl through the air, pervading the room around him.
The figure sighs softly, an arm reaching around Sherlock’s body to rest on his shoulder, pulling him gently onto their lap.
However, now with Victor Trevor in the picture, will John have to share these moments with him, or basically share Sherlock in general? The answer is probably yes but it hurts to even think about it so John shakes his head. He should probably think of something else for the time being before he goes mad.
“Come for me.”
“Oh god, I can’t take it anymore fuck her, oh god,” Sherlock croaks, on the precipice of a meltdown.
“Good… Better than good…” he purrs, dragging John’s head downwards and burying his nose in John’s hair.
“Sherlock…”
yo. I'd love to hear from you guys.
“You said you knew what Moriarty was going to do next,” he continues, “What exact conclusion did you come to?”
He digs into his T-shirt, raising the two metal plates hanging around his neck to his eye-level, gazing at John's engraved name fondly in the soft lamplight before letting the chain fall from his fingertips, clattering onto the duvet below.
“I’m sorry,” John sighs. He casts one more helpless look at Sherlock before speeding up the stairs towards his room. The door slams soon after, seeming to shake the very foundations of the flat. Sherlock hears the sound of a pillow hitting the wall and sighs in response.
So it seems that despite his pretty obvious declaration of love, John’s still willing to stay with him. Well... at least there weren’t any indicators that suggested otherwise. John has succeeded in surprising him once again, except that this time Sherlock doesn't know if he should be happy or upset about this.
“I’m ready,” Sherlock answers, startling John out of his thoughts as he tugs on John’s hand, leading him up to where Victor is standing.
There's a brief moment where he remembers the feeling of John’s fingers in his hair.
And on the other side of the glass panes is a crystal clear body of water, the water rushing and rolling onto the shore as John sighs, toeing off his shoes and moving to stand.
“No, of course not,” Cameron retorts, rubbing a bit at his eyes. “Jem would never do such a thing. She’s far too…”
Sherlock gazes at him, his eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
He'd nearly made it. He'd nearly completed his final mission.
“I’m fine Sherlock, don’t worry about me,” John says as he finally manages to cut through the bindings, moving onto his arm, “We’re both fine, aren’t we?”
John smiles,
He reads John’s weariness in his gait, his repressed sorrow in the clenching and unclenching of his fists, the pain of today’s revelation deep-set in his eyes…
Sherlock fixes his eyes on John’s, his eyes flicking down to John’s extended fingers.
John won’t be there at the end of a long day to scoff at him, smile at him or even ask him questions about his experiments anymore so what’s the point really.
“Please don't be dead.”
“Yeah… I guess I am huh?” he chuckles, pressing an answering kiss to John’s nose.
“John, all it says is that he’s going to be hanging out with Victor for a bit longer and might be slightly late for dinne-”
Sherlock is drawn to John’s voice, charmed by the sonorous articulation of his name. He doesn't realise he's moved any closer till he bumps noses with John, watching him with his eyes wide as John licks his lips, a swift swipe of his tongue against chapped skin.
In all the years that he’s known John, he’s never once seen his friend in this state.
His passageway convulses in response, surprising John as he thrusts in and out a few more times before coming, stars exploding behind his eyes as he collapses, falling right on top of Sherlock, his chest heaving violently.
Hopefully, Mycroft as a third party will be sufficient to ease the tension between them.
He smiles, certain that his words have done their work.
“You’ve been reading John’s blog” she says, her eyes refusing to leave the screen for even one second, “The story of how you met.”
That’s what happens when you take drugs Sherlock.
John’s cheeks flush in turn, his eyes sparkling as he tugs on the chain of dog tags, drawing Sherlock closer as he bends his head forwards. He allows their foreheads to rest together for a moment, the two of them simply breathing into the same small space in between them before he aligns their lips, pressing them together.
There’s only one way he’s going to find out what that thing does and that is if he touches it.
The room Cameron is kept in is a simple interrogation room. It’s bare, with the exception of a table and two chairs, one of which Cameron is currently occupying. Sherlock shuts the door with a resounding thud before moving to take a seat opposite Cameron.
And what if that vision he saw was not a hallucination at all. But a memory?
“I’d stay to make sure you’re alright but… There are some things that I need to do quite urgently… So a doctor will come in after I leave to monitor you,” John explains.
He’s not thought up a sea in a while.
“It does if I’ve hurt you in any way,” John murmurs, looking steadily down at his thighs.
The words are unspoken but Sherlock knows what John had been about to say all the same. He reaches for John’s face, cupping his cheek as he wipes his tears gently from his eyes.
Interestingly, Watson seems to come to a quick conclusion on… whatever it is he was thinking of because his eyes light up all of a sudden. He flashes a knowing look Sherlock’s way as he turns to face him square on once again.
“I’m going to show you how beautiful you are,” John breathes, his breaths ragged as Sherlock nods, his hair in complete disarray.
“If you’re going to be like that, then just get ON WITH IT THEN,” Sherlock yelps, his eyes crinkled shut as he buries his head in his pillow, clearly trying to hold himself together.
“We used to do everything together, but the thing I enjoyed doing the most was playing pirates...” John smiles at this, his gaze filled with the warmth of a sunbeam as he looks up at Sherlock.
“I’ll go and get my stuff,” he says. “You just go ahead and get ready first.”
“I know what you’re doing,” he says under his breath, looking Moriarty dead in the eye as the room begins to shake, the shelves and the floorboards rattling.
The laminated papers nearly slip from his palms as his fingers start to tremble so he sets them down on the kitchen table instead.
“Good afternoon, Sherlock,” a voice calls tonelessly from the sitting room.
Sherlock puzzles over this for a moment before flopping down onto his bed. He crosses his arms over his eyes and groans.
He has his noodles in front of the television, channel surfing till he finds a programme on National Geographic that he deems interesting enough to watch, finishing three episodes of Dog Whisperer before letting out a huge yawn. Smacking his lips together, he waddles back to the kitchen to do the washing up, struggling to keep his blanket above his sleeves during the process.
“Sherlock,” he murmurs, gesturing for him and Sherlock pauses for a moment, his hands going still as John groans, thrusting his hips upwards-
John leaps up from the bed instinctively, hackles raised as he glares around the room, looking for the source of the noise.
Sherlock knows what he's referring to almost immediately.
“I will kill her, I will I-” John growls before stopping himself, deliberately switching the tone of his voice to something far calmer, probably to soothe him, “Sherlock she fooled both of us. There’s no need to beat yourself up about it. You’re not the one who married her.”
He remembers John coming home on those mornings, his hair ruffled and his clothing creased, smiling at Sherlock as if Christmas had come early. He shivers at the memory of those days, knowing that John’s smiles were not actually meant for him but for the person he’d slept with the previous night.
John reaches a hand out to stroke Sherlock’s cheek, smiling widely as their gazes lock, dark blue irises meeting electric cerulean and it’s like the whole world has stopped just for the-
“Of course he’s dead,” he says, trying to sound as polite as possible, “He blew his own brains out. No-one survives that. I just went to the trouble of an overdose to prove it-”
Sherlock flinches a little at that last statement.
“Well he's one lucky sod then-”
It's all on display now.
“John,” Sherlock says, his face filled with confusion, “John, today’s Sunday.”
“You decided this last night,” Sherlock begins, starting to put some of the pieces together, “You’re not rushing off to work which means you called in sometime yesterday to tell them you were taking leave.”
What is John going to do?
“Have patience, Watson,” Sherlock sighs, looking on as his friend extracts his watch from his pocket, looking down at it intently.
“And Lady Carmichael,” he continues, turning back to Watson with rising anticipation, “The house sleeps.”
“You’ve not eaten dinner yet?” he questions, absolutely horrified.
There’s nothing for it now though. There’s literally no escape. He doesn’t feel particularly up to jumping out of the window and John is clearly not planning on leaving till he gets an answer.
Better than good honey, better than good.
“But it doesn’t matter, it’s all in the past now,” Sherlock finishes, turning towards John with a forced smile.
The lift door dings as it opens, the steel doors revealing a rather worn out looking John Watson, startling Sherlock for a moment.
I hope so too.
They eventually pile into a cab, John clutching their shopping bags tightly while Sherlock gesticulates at thin air, his hands dancing in an elaborate tango as he runs John through some of the interesting cases. John watches on, absolutely enraptured as Sherlock postulates some of his theories regarding the more convoluted cold cases, listening carefully to Sherlock’s deductions and responding to them appropriately when Sherlock pauses for breath.
“The moment you said ‘Afghanistan or Iraq?’ if we’re going to be honest,” he smiles, surveying Sherlock’s shocked face with glee.
, his brain helpfully supplants.
Sherlock’s eyes widen in panic as he raises rough, dirty hands to Moriarty’s shoulders, making an attempt at wrenching himself free.
“It feels-”
Sherlock yelps in response, taking the opportunity to dig into John’s bedside drawer as John surveys Sherlock’s cock, his eyes darkening as it springs free, the tip resting up against his navel. It’s longer and slimmer than his, but elegant all the same and John finds that he can’t tear his eyes away-
He hasn't forgotten the incident with Cameron all those months ago.
“Honestly… the whole losing yourself thing? I found that kind of… hot.”
He'd showered earlier so he takes the liberty of sliding into bed, dragging the covers over himself as the water in the bath continues to run.
“I once had a dog,” he begins, his voice trembling as John takes a seat by him on his bed, a safe distance away from him, Sherlock notes.
“What do you mean escaped?”
“Med school is hard John,” he says, taking the edge off his voice to match his friend’s dispiritedness, “Everyone finds it hard, heck even
Psh, Sherlock you don’t need to do that schtick, Mycroft made sure that all the messages I send and receive with respect to you are encrypted and deleted one minute after I send or receive them. Nothing to worry about.
What’s happening exactly.
It turns out that Sherlock Holmes is indeed a horrible person.
he thinks to himself as he relishes in the light, alternating pressure around his temples, purring contentedly.
And it’d felt like all the air had been sucked out of the room.
The voice on the other end seems to sob in relief.
They’re both stuttering now, each clearly as surprised as the other so John clears his throat, trying to clear his mind a bit.
She’d been surprisingly calm about the whole thing, as if she’d predicted it and had expected this to happen at some point…
He’s not sure what has possessed him to make this split second decision, considering the fact that he’s been desperately trying to prevent himself from deciding on confessing to John for the past one week (Or maybe in retrospect, two to three years).
Sherlock listens, waiting for the footsteps to recede before springing into action. He races to the kitchen, swooping his mobile up in one swift motion.
John might decide to hold back just this once. And regardless of Sherlock’s feelings on the matter, he will probably accept whatever choice John makes.
So he looks away instead, watching out of the corner of his eye as John turns, ducking his head downwards, away from Mary.
That’s it, he thinks to himself, that’s the end of even pretending to be remotely civil to Mary when he’s not in John’s presence. He’s done with her, done with her lies…
Unlike Sherlock’s pristine, professionally-crafted black pirate hat, Redbeard has a particularly flimsy looking paper hat sitting on his head.
Regardless, Sherlock will be there when the man shatters. This time he will be there to hold him through it. Not like before, not like how it'd gone after jumping off the roof of Barts.
As if on cue, Mary tuts at him, saying, “Oh, don’t give me that look Sherlock. We both know why I had to shut you up. Quit looking at me like that.”
“After all, he’s an idiot.”
Don’t wait up?
Sherlock glances up at Moriarty, taking a deep breath before proceeding to stalk towards him, determined to figure out exactly what he has to do to rid his brain of Moriarty forever.
When will the next text come?
“I don't know. John, I don't know. I'm sorry. I…”
The second time John called Sherlock beautiful was when they were waltzing around the living room. And this time, Sherlock had nearly crumpled onto the floor.
Or would he?
He retrieves three sheets of paper.
John smiles at this, taking a step forward till he’s chest to chest with Sherlock.
Sherlock’s gaze narrows, staring down at Moriarty in curiosity.
“THAT’S ENOUGH,” John roars. His arms are cradling Sherlock’s prone form, one hand on his back and the other tight around his waist. Sherlock turns his face upwards. John’s breathing is ragged, his eyes blazing and Sherlock finds that he cannot look away.
Sherlock can practically feel John’s eyes boring into his back.
It’s like a switch has been flicked in Sherlock’s brain, as if something happened to hop in and rewire the circuits in under a split second, because suddenly... everything is crystal clear.
“Seriously, "Shezza" though?”
“Of course, Sherlock,” John grins, rolling his eyes, “Would I lie to you about something like this?”
John chuckles in response, his chest rumbling happily up against Sherlock’s bare skin.
But Sherlock Holmes is a man of self-control, of abstinence.
John smirks at him all of a sudden, almost making Sherlock halt in confusion. John gives Sherlock a split second to respond as he draws him in, tugging at his arm gently to signal that he wants to do a turn. Sherlock responds readily, twisting his arms together with John’s as he twirls into John’s space.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And… I hope to find you well.”
TBH I'm not very sure what song John was playing on the radio but what I listened to when writing this chapter was
“If it’s really a sensitive subject Sherlock, I’ll-”
“I didn’t say anything,” Sherlock mutters as he swoops his cashmere scarf into a loose knot, trotting past John who sighs and follows in his wake.
John’s smile falls in an instant.
“Sherlock... I… I don’t love her anymore.”
John seems slightly taken aback by the gesture. He looks down at Sherlock’s hand, confused, before he stretches out his arm, grasping Sherlock’s hand firmly, gripping him as if he’ll vanish the moment he lets go.
Sherlock hums softly, pressing another kiss to John’s knuckles.
Sherlock’s eyes shoot wide open in response, moaning softly as his legs buckle, forcing John to reach under his armpits and haul him up before he falls.
John’s there, the edges of his silhouette bright against the dull darkness of the doorway, the glint of his gun barely perceptible in the moonlight.
Dust swirls in rising columns, sparkling in the morning sunlight as he raises his violin to his chin. He lifts his bow, resting white strands of rosined horsehair on silver strings.
“I should hope so,” he replies, still beaming at Watson, “It’s murder on the knees.”
“Redbeard?” Sherlock breathes, looking out into the darkness, wondering for a moment if the happy-go-lucky Irish Setter is out there right now, wounded and alone.
That shuts him up.
Turning abruptly on his heel, Sherlock makes his way to the edge of the sidewalk, the shopping bags swaying dangerously in his wake. It doesn’t take long for a cab to arrive - he’s always been pretty good at hailing cabs.
(See the end of the chapter for
And starts to run.
He swats at Sherlock’s hips in answer, fixing the man with a cheeky look when he reaches the foot of the bed.
“And then Sherlock here decided to catch a frog as retribution and let it loose under Professor Carmichael’s table.”
Sherlock forces himself back to reality and says, “I guess I’ll just go and drag your chair out, shall I?” giving a sheepish smile as he does so, “wasn’t too hard the last time.”
Of course the only other person vying for Sherlock’s affection had to be Mr Perfect himself.
There’s another long pause before John rips his phone away from his ear. He gives one last fiery look at the piece of metal before setting it on silent and stuffing it roughly into his shirt pocket. His resentful look morphs slowly into one of resignation as he heaves a little bit, eyes fixed resolutely on the carpet as he does so.
“Hey,” Sherlock manages, curving his head to face John as the man nuzzles into his neck, humming softly before pressing a quick kiss to his cheek.
“Oh and I brought this too,” he continues, holding up the bottle of wine for Mummy Holmes to see. “Merry Christmas Mrs Holmes!”
“Though you’d be pleased to know that it’s been far too quiet around here without you,” she smiles and says, removing her mush-splattered visor. She sighs as Sherlock grunts in agreement, rolling her eyes as she sets her visor and mixer down gently in the sink. She throws her latex gloves into the dustbin, walking over to Sherlock and setting herself down beside him.
“I- I-” he stutters.
“To tell you the truth, I don’t think I really mind it all that much,” she muses.
“Nothing… Nothing,” he shrugs, shifting John’s hand off his shoulder, the absence of John’s warmth burning into his skin, “It’s alright. I- Is there anything else, can we leave now?”
The noises are getting clearer now, sharpening into something akin to the sound of a yelping dog. Quite like how Redbeard had sounded after he’d been bitte-
“That’s really nice of you John,” he says, his voice cracking, and John almost forgets how to breathe.
He leaps up from his seat, racing to the kitchen only to remember that the fridge had been sucked dry from yesterday’s breakfast and is absolutely empty.
“Thank you,” he says, stalking back to his bed as the intruder turns on his heel, shoes squeaking loudly against the tiles as he makes a quick exit.
“Of course it is Sherlock,” he says, pleased as punch, “My mates are always welcome to any extra additions.”
Sherlock huffs before continuing.
This will be the first time in two weeks that he and John will have a direct conversation and Sherlock isn’t looking forward to it.
“John it’s only 10 o’clock.”
And just like that, a glass of water had appeared out of thin air, materialising just above his palm, as if waiting for him to make a grab for it (which he did).
“Ricoletti and his abominable wife!” Sherlock all but yells, “Don’t you understand?”
He wants the room to look as inviting as possible. After all that John’s been through, after that whole ordeal-
“One more miracle, Sherlock, for me.”
“No worries,” he replies gently, his other arm now dipping lower to rub slow circles against Sherlock’s back, “There’ve been worse things on it.”
But Sherlock blinks and just like that, it's gone. John’s expression dissolves back into something more neutral, his eyes losing their glazed over quality as he raises his head to look over Sherlock’s head instead.
“Sorry,” Magnussen’s voice comes again, “No chance for you to be a hero this time, Mr Holmes.”
They can’t change their past. In fact, even if Sherlock had had the chance to go back in time… he’s certain he wouldn’t have changed a thing.
Sherlock’s eyes flick downwards towards the bag which has clearly been packed hastily. The bulkiness of the luggage is indicative of poor packing and the shape is indicative of stacks and stacks of clothes… which means that this visit probably isn’t temporary and means that John isn’t planning on going back to Ma-
All he wants now is John.
But that doesn’t make any sense, where els-
Genius.
“Yeah, Mycroft told me,” he says, “Said that at one point you wanted to become a pirate when you grew up.”
“It was rather obvious really,” Sherlock starts, grinning widely before continuing, “The first giveaway was the heating and the lightbulbs to be honest.”
"You hypocrite," Sherlock smiles, trying to make light of the situation as John sniggers, pressing his nose firmly into the curl of hair at the nape of Sherlock's neck.
Oh no, he is not getting jealous over Sherlock’s secondary school friend. He is NOT.
Having Mary in John’s life has been such a blessing… and yet such a terrible curse.
“I’ll never stop saying that until you stop having that reaction,” he says, toying with the chain of the dog tags, “You’re adorable, you are.”
“Why aren’t you inside with her?” he questions.
“Yes, I do.”
He groans, his eyes crinkling shut as he struggles to reign in the pain.
Strange, he’d expected it to have been a photo of John and Mary. This photo is way too old for that.
He hopes to hell that it’s real though.
“Sherlock give it a rest,” John sighs in exasperation, shaking his head.
“Er, John,” Sherlock murmurs sheepishly as John draws himself out of his own thoughts, “I was kind of er… reading? So I didn’t really catch any of that. Mind if you repeat it?”
He sets the mug down on the table when he’s done, shifting to lean against the countertop as he starts on his sandwich, his head pillowed on Sherlock’s shoulder.
John’s voice jerks him out of his thoughts, his eyes widening as the spot on the bed behind him dips gently, warm arms wrapping around his torso as John slips under the covers.
“For your statement,” Sherlock continues smoothly, “It’d be best that you give us the facts and nothing but the facts.”
None of this is real.
But Mary loves John.
He’s no longer in the jewellery shop.
His vision is suddenly bathed in white.
That’s not what he does, nor is that what any decent human being should do. They’ve grown too close over the past year for John to hurt him like that.
Sherlock shakes himself out of the memory, willing it away as he sits up straight. He clears his voice loudly before continuing his story.
He finishes what remains of his scone, grabbing his cup of tea to wash it down.
They lapse into a comfortable silence, John listening as Sherlock’s breathing slows before continuing.
Oh, Sherlock.
It’s a photo of John and him.
“You’ve looked out for me so much over the course of my marriage to John, arranging that meet-up at your parent’s house, helping me to get Magnussen to get off my back. And I’ve been thinking, such kindness deserves to be repaid. So now it’s my turn to look out for you.”
“She… She told me to do it,” David whimpers, burying his face in his palms, “I had to let her in. 2 hours she said, just to wash up and have some food.”
It's just about then that there's a loud rap on the door to 221B.
“I…” John continues, sounding alarming close to tears, “I… Don’t get me wrong, I’m happy that Sherlock has another friend.”
“These shoes weren’t made for teenagers. They were typically worn by working adults, So why did this boy decide on this type of shoe?”
“Look, Sherlock. I haven’t seen you in literally a month and then you barge in and spend 6 consecutive days here. There’s clearly something bothering you,” Molly says, her eyes fixed on Sherlock as he turns away from her in favour of examining a sample on the far side of the table.
“I tried explaining the concept of stars and constellations to Redbeard as well, but of course that didn’t go over so well,” he muses, turning towards John sheepishly who smiles back.
John lets his hands loose after a moment, taking pity on the man and Sherlock’s hands reach out to rest on John’s shoulders, scrabbling for purchase as John continues to rake his hands across Sherlock’s scalp, licking into his mouth.
Sherlock can literally feel his insides shrivel up.
“What exhibition?” Sherlock murmurs as his head finally makes contact with his soft pillow.
John swallows, his eyes darting to Sherlock’s.
As the last of the suds drain away, he lets out another yawn before shuffling back into his bedroom. He turns the lights off, flopping down on his bed, scratching at his eyes as he turns to face his bedside table.
Sherlock heaves a deep sigh as the rope finally comes free, his wrists and ankles sore and an angry red as he pushes himself away from the chair, falling into John’s open arms.
“This close! And what if I had done it! What if- Look I even told you that you were ‘mine’. How horrible can I get?”
He allows the words to hang in the air, listening as silence descends between the two of them, the only sound that he can hear being the soft rumble of morning traffic and the crunch of gravel beneath his feet.
“We talked a bit, she told me about her life, about Sheryl. She told me that she was going to get married to her in Spring and that she was going to meet up with Sheryl that night. That was when I decided I was done, done with all of this. I asked her if she still refused alcohol, she told me she refused to drink anything with a higher alcohol percentage than wine. So, I decided to put an end to this… this
“Oh, you see but you do not observe. Do you remember that the killer dumped the vodka bottle into a recycling bin? Of all places? Amateur mistake. Clearly, the killer has a slight inclination towards environmentalism. A killer that would likely refuse to have the heating on despite the weather being pretty chilly and would probably have installed energy-saving light bulbs instead of the traditional incandescent ones,” Sherlock responds, smiling widely, evidently enjoying himself.
“Let me hear you scream.”
He lifts his eyes to the photograph on the stand once again, John’s hilarious expression wrenching a small smile out of him as he picks up the photo frame once again.
“John!” Victor smiles, “Nice to meet you.”
Sherlock gulps, head raised to the ceiling, looking upwards inquisitively just as the floor gives way below him.
Where is he? What was he doing before his?
The first thing that John notices is that Victor’s skin is tanned, a darker shade of beige that stands out in sharp contrast to the milky white of Sherlock’s skin, although not as tanned as John, that is. His hair is a deep brown, short and intentionally mussed to give the effect of volume. He’s slightly taller than Sherlock as well, his height showcased by the carefully tailored pants and shirt that he is currently wearing.
And they’re off, soft socked feet whispering over dusty carpet as they step in time with the music, the air around them still, save for the soft music playing in the background.
Sherlock, I know you’ve been reading my messages. Please respond
At all.
And as Mary has said, sometimes even grown adults need a shove in the right direction.
David’s eyes widen in shock, his jaw hanging open almost comically.
Sherlock groans, turning over to fix his eyes on the ceiling. (“There’s a bit of paint peeling there that has to be dealt with,” he thinks to himself). He’s going to have to go out and face the world soon, another day, another mask, another battle dress. So, he might as well use the time he has now to make up his mind once and for all on how he should deal with John’s sudden reappearance in his life. He closes his eyes.
They lie there for a moment, struggling to catch their breaths as John shifts off, tumbling onto the space of bed beside him.
It’s getting hard to stand, it really is.
FACTS:
The voices are coming nearer, the cracking of the whip sounding closer and closer as the tree roots surrounding him spring to life, curling around him and trapping him where he lies, the tendrils forcing him down into the ground.
The woman never ceases to surprise.
he thinks as he plummets downwards.
“Sherlock.”
A stray tear escapes from the corner of Sherlock’s eye as he hears the door click shut.
Sherlock holds his breath, insides churning so violently that he feels like he’s shaking like a leaf. At Sherlock’s voice, John’s eyes flutter a bit, opening and closing slowly before he shakes his head.
“Mike, is there something wrong with John?” she questions, frowning down at John’s unmoving body.
John moans in response, feeling his lover’s body tense up against him. He pulls off, giving the area one last swipe with his tongue before sitting up, wiping his lip with the back of his hand as he surveys him work.
“John,” she croons, tilting her head so that it rests comfortably on the palm of her hand, “I can’t tell if you’re really unobservant or if you’re just joking around.”
He lets John complete the sentence for himself, his face flaring in embarrassment, refusing to complete it for him.
“Sherlock I’m not leaving, it’s only going to be a few days. I’ll be coming back,” John stresses, his eyes focused resolutely on Sherlock.
They were two very different people, his mother and his father, both gifted in such different areas and yet so complementary when together. He remembers being extremely fascinated as a child, wondering how either party could have fallen for the other seeing as they had barely anything in common.
he thinks,
OOOOH ok drugs tw... Also... a shit ton of angst, you guys have been warned haha.
“John,” Sherlock whispers, his hand reaching out to caress his cheek.
Is he dreaming? He must be and yet-
Sherlock’s eyes shoot wide open at the remark, confusion dulling his bright blue irises as he fixes them on John.
“Actually,” Watson starts, lowering his revolver, “Would you mind?”
“Is this okay?” John breathes, his breaths laboured as Sherlock forces his head off the pillow, meeting John’s gaze dead on.
He’s still too embarrassed to finish that sentence.
He wonders what Mike will say, whether he’ll congratulate them... or cry like he did when Myers and Amy got together.
He shoves his way forward, pushing Mycroft’s shoulder out of the way as he stalks to the exit, the sound of hurried footfalls joining him as Mary and John begin to make for the door, John stopping in the doorway for a moment before rejoining them.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock murmurs, curious and yet at the same time slightly worried. John looks so fragile, so breakable and he doesn’t want to hurt him further by prodding too far.
He keeps his face tilted towards the window, reading John’s suppressed anger in his harsh grip on the steering wheel, his frustration in the furrows of his brow. John is a volcano about to erupt and Sherlock doesn’t feel up to dealing with him when he does.
Fuck, his brother had probably taken a good look at his face when he wasn’t looking, observing his bloodshot, reddened eyes, his dilated pupils. God, he shouldn’t have made his mind palace sequence sound so unrealistic and hallucinatory, that’s probably how Mycroft guessed it, since he didn’t seem to be too averse towards him before he boarded the plane.
“No, I really am,” John replies promptly, the words staccato pinpricks against Irene’s skin.
In the case of the greenhouse, it had been forcing him to confront the possibility of not being alone, that he should give John the opportunity to come back into his life, helping him to heal… That’s why Eustace Carmichael had died, because he hadn’t stuck with John!
Victor chuckles in response as Sherlock shakes his head, mouthing ‘please do not’ repeatedly at him.
Cameron knows that he’s succeeded. “Well,” he says, sounding absolutely cocky, “it’s not like you’ve ever been in love before, have you? How would you know?”
They maintain eye contact for a few seconds, the ferocity in John’s gaze melting as Sherlock continues to stare at him in willful silence.
God, he is going to have such a horrible withdrawal after this.
But he has no choice.
“Ugh,” Moriarty groans again, rolling his eyes, “Why don’t you two just elope, for God’s sake?”
“GOD FUCK I’M GORGEOUS ALRIGHT. BEAUTIFUL AND PRETTY AND AMAZING AND GOD WHATEVER YOU WANT JUST FUCK ME ALREADY,” Sherlock all but yells, his voice throaty and hoarse and well… that does it.
He remembers wiping away tears in the bathroom later, soaking a spot in his handkerchief as he calmed himself down in a stall, desperately wishing for his heart rate to slow.
Hit me up on
Sherlock’s eyes shoot wide open, his heart beginning to race as his drowsy fingers fumble with the phone. It clatters onto the dresser, startling him as much as it probably did John.
Something tells John that this time round he didn’t do a very good job of masking his emotions because Sherlock stops in his tracks, blinking at him in confusion.
Well… It looks like he’ll have to face Mary first, might as well get it over and done with.
Sherlock has barely any time to react before John comes barrelling into him, his eyes wild and hair mussed, squeaky shoes skating across linoleum floor as he collides with Sherlock’s chest, wrapping his arms around his body and pulling him close.
He sits there for a while, head hidden between his knees till a memory, unbidden, of the last time he saw Redbeard crawls towards the forefront of his mind and it’s too much.
“I don’t believe you’ve ever mentioned a Victor before,” he says, trying to sound as nonchalant as possible.
What has he done?
The figure is barely visible but Sherlock recognises those muscled arms and thighs and he is especially familiar with those eyes that are currently curved slightly upwards, like how John’s eyes look when he smiles.
Unlike him, the man manages to unlock the door swiftly, his hands steady even though Sherlock catches a mild tremor in them.
Sherlock whimpers, making a low guttural noise in his throat and turns over.
That can mean any number of things.
He thinks, his coat billowing out behind him as he makes a mad dash for the archway.
“Please don’t actually ask Mycroft about this,” John manages, an amused grin plastered on his face as he turns back to Sherlock.
A street with moving cars.
“John, he and Victor haven’t seen each other for years, it’s perfectly understandable if they want to have a bit more time to catch up.”
“Why are you so determined to be alone?”
Contact me on
I’m fine. Don’t worry about me. I’ll just be home late so don’t wait up.
“What aspect of the lying are you referring to?”
“Hmm…” Watson hums. “Two old friends, just talking, chewing the fat…”
The other slate is blank.
(Read 10:20)
He waits till his breathing slows before slipping out with a wet ‘squelch’, Sherlock whining softly at the loss of contact as John slips off the condom, hurling it into the bin.
Everything was not fine.
John smiles in understanding.
He'll do it just this once, just for John.
He thinks to him.
He has to see Sherlock again. He has to.
It’s just about then that he feels a solid warmth wrap swiftly around him.
“Thank you for coming Sherlock,” he smiles, planting a soft kiss on his neck. “Thanks for being here with me.”
“Yeah, see you later,” John mutters, watching as Sherlock and Victor stroll off, cutting a rather fitting figure into the landscape.
Static. Silence.
It hadn’t worked though.
“So, you don’t think she committed suicide?” Sherlock questions.
He’d pulled a late night in the kitchen that night.
But he’s back here now, back in his childhood home, surrounded by familiar scenery and smells, comforting him in a way that the atmosphere of 221B Baker Street has failed to do in the past three weeks.
John turns away from him, smiling at the ground.
“Yep,” John smiles, ruffling Sherlock’s curls as he forces himself off the bed, hurriedly slipping on a dressing gown, “There're some waffles in the freezer, some honey too. Guess we could have those for a midnight snack.”
Mike flashes Irene a pleading look, hoping that Irene has some idea on how to deal with this. Nodding in response, Irene shoos Mike towards the other end of the bench, taking a seat directly opposite John.
WOOHOO 10,000 words :,) Probably the longest chapter I've ever published... But tbh I had to compact the whole of TAB... so 10k isn't much of a surprise.
Did what?
“That’s the guest bathroom,” Sherlock explains as he rushes in through the door, inspecting the tiled floor carefully, “David would hardly have any reason to use it. There isn’t even a proper towel rack in this one.
He blinks, his eyes crinkled shut due to the glare of the Sun but Sherlock can still make out the sadness in his gaze, the sorrow and the regret… And Sherlock’s heart breaks at the sight.
“Alright,”
“It’s on the tip of my tongue,” Moriarty continues as Sherlock screws his eyes tightly shut. The floor begins to tremble again, swaying back and forth under his feet even as Moriarty keeps up a litany of “It’s on the tip of my tongue.”
Thankfully, John answers his question for him. He shifts to face him, eyes widening slightly before quickly morphing his expression into something more neutral. Is his wound really that ugly? Sherlock angles his face downwards. It’s a mess of rough, pink-ish skin with a shallow crater in the centre, same as it’s always been. Sherlock has no issue with this, he really couldn’t care less about his transport. But does John find it repugnant? The thought makes him cringe. No, he can’t possibly, he’s probably seen worse on the battlefield. But then why had he given Sherlock
“I’m a virgin if that’s what you’re trying to get at,” Sherlock huffs, shaking his head, “Is that alright with you?”
“John god, don’t stop.”
John groans again, massaging his shoulder as he turns his body onto his side.
He extracts his keys from his pocket, furiously fumbling till he finds the one that he wants, listening as John locks the car door, stalking up to him with firm footsteps. However, no matter how hard he tries, he can’t seem to fit the key in the keyhole.
John’s face darkens as he says this, prompting Sherlock to raise a reassuring hand to John’s cheek, caressing the skin there gently.
He raises his head, following Mycroft’s gaze to the clearing at the intersection.
John’s eyes seem to sparkle in recognition at this, clearly remembering Sherlock mentioning the case before. Well after all, John was the one who had taken him to the crime museum, the man’s memory isn’t that bad.
There’s a bright gleam in Sherlock’s eyes, a look indicative of a cat that’s gotten its cream. John seems to have noticed it too because he’s quit staring at Cameron like he wants to murder him and is now staring, enraptured, at Sherlock’s face instead.
Sherlock takes it, grasping John’s hand tightly as John pulls him upwards, steadying him as they shuffle, hand in hand towards the bathroom.
“And after all that, she didn’t even possess enough shame to let me name her child,” John carries on, sighing ruefully “Who the fuck did I choose to marry?”
John dumps the bags on the table, licking his bottom lip as he unpacks the sandwiches, laying them out on a spare plate that Mrs Hudson has provided while Sherlock moves to sit down, still mumbling about the consistency of blood and the intensity of the colour red on brown fabric.
“No. I. Did. Not,” Sherlock replies firmly, enunciating each word clearly, hoping that John finally gets the idea.
And then the spell breaks.
He’s about to give up and get himself a glass of water when his phone vibrates.
“Hey yourself,” Sherlock rumbles, pressing a quick kiss to John’s neck, nuzzling into the crook there gently.
John sighs deeply as Sherlock surfaces from his panicked thoughts, stalking over to the radio in the corner of the room. He plugs his phone in, the AVA chord clicking in place as a slow, soulful song begins to play. The music seems to bleed into the surrounding air, staining the room with gentle warmth as John reaches for Sherlock’s hand once again, holding his fingers merely inches from Sherlock’s.
He finds his prostrate again easily enough, Sherlock letting out a loud groan into the cavern of John’s mouth when he does so and John smiles against Sherlock’s lips, dipping his tongue inwards to intertwine it with Sherlock’s as he hits the man’s prostrate over and over again.
The sky is a beautiful pastel blue, airbrushed with fluffy, cotton-candy clouds that stretch far off into the horizon. The air is crisp and chill, smelling sweetly of grass and wildflowers, although that could possibly be because they’re in the countryside away from the foul London air.
“Your eyes as well,” John starts, drawing himself out of his thoughts as he locks eyes with Sherlock, bright cerulean irises meeting dark sea blue, “God your eyes.”
, the voices in his head say.
“I’m here,” he says as John lets out a loud sob, fisting his hands in the front of Sherlock’s shirt. “I’m here. I’m here. I’m here.”
No more commuting to hospitals on the other side of the city.
He finishes the sentence with a singsong lilt, watching as the duvet shifts, revealing the tousled curls of one Sherlock Holmes who moves to sit. His scruffy hair forms a dark halo around his head as he peers up at John with wide eyes.
He sits up with trembling thighs brushing the curls hanging low on his lover’s forehead, the man still heaving from the force of his orgasm.
John sighs, some of the tension going out of him as his eyes flick to Sherlock’s.
“IT’S A GIRL! IF YOU WERE WONDERING,” John shouts again, his voice a bit muffled by the door.
A chill goes down Sherlock’s spine at John’s words.
Of course.
If he does, the last bit of restraint that he currently has might just snap, might just fall to pieces.
“Nice to meet you too,” he chirps, taking an unconscious step back to stand by Sherlock’s side.
“Ok… Alright…” Sherlock mutters, resignation enveloping him as he pushes back into John’s arm, feeling the muscle there tensing up.
Sherlock cries out in response, the bulge in his pants visibly engorging as his hips jerk up off the bed.
“Er…” Sherlock murmurs, “Is it okay if I just undress here?”
But what of? That he’ll lose Sherlock too? Just like the way he lost Lily? The way he lost his family all in one day?
It’s now his turn to smirk as John’s jaw drops open at Sherlock’s little improvisation. His gaze is full of abject wonder, of shock and delight and Sherlock preens under the attention, a motion similar to that of a peacock ruffling its feathers proudly in the presence of a mate. He smiles arrogantly down at John, watching as John regains his composure, his lips now upturned in a self-assured smile.
John rolls away just in time, the pillow colliding with white fabric instead as he shifts to grab another.
Not like he does now.
Solving crimes together, bickering over dinner together, making sweet love together, chasing after murderers and cheats together, falling in love over and over again
“Well, I’m friends with you, doesn’t that count for something?” he says, the corners of his lips upturned in a cheeky grin.
John’s brain seems to come instantly back online, his eyes widening as they finally focus on the room around him.
He raises his hands, one hand on one cheek as he squeezes them, his fingers stretching the skin and Sherlock lets out a loud moan in response.
This is the right thing to do and yet…
Sherlock chokes, lunging forward to cough ungracefully into his hand as John stares on, confused.
Yes, Sherlock thinks, smiling at Watson. “Pretty damned smart,” he professes, blushing slightly as Watson flashes him a knowing smirk.
However, Moriarty catches him, bending down and seizing Sherlock’s coat.
It’s pitch black, his body barely visible in the darkness of the room, his bed a flickering silhouette against a backdrop of charcoal shadows.
Why doesn’t John want to tell him why he’s going off to Harry’s? Seriously, he thought that they were already above keeping secrets from each other.
The only person who’d been hell bent on making his and John’s life miserable is dead.
No he can’t be awake. He can-
“Sherlock it’s time-”
All he has to do is wait.
“Well then, would you like to move on to the next exhibit?” John’s voice comes again, the arrogance in his voice palpable as he shifts to Sherlock’s side.
Are you sure?
There’s no going back now.
However, the man stops after a moment, Sherlock whining in response as John pulls away from him, their bodies still connected through John’s hand on his back.
“No,” Watson responds, answering both of Sherlock’s questions all at once, “You think so. I could tell.”
He rises from his bed, snatching the photograph and telescope up.
He crams the vegetables and mushrooms into the chiller, working with a single-minded desperation to ensure that everything slots together perfectly. He gains a slight sense of accomplishment as he watches the food pile up, the main compartment of the fridge getting the same treatment (although most of it is milk and eggs).
“I downloaded it and found it mediocre, much to his disappointment. However, I left the application running in the background and my phone went dead.”
It’s a little surprising because John had assumed that, considering the state of things, that he was the party who was more keyed up, the person who’d be the first to lose their minds in bliss.
Sherlock lets go then, lifting his hands to John’s shoulders, easing him down slowly. Sighing deeply in response, John lowers himself onto Sherlock’s body, his body still trembling from the aftershocks of his orgasm.
He sighs, wiping the sweat from his brow as he slips his gloves and coat on.
John isn’t having it though. Sherlock can hear the smile in John’s musical laugh as he slackens his grip on Sherlock’s shoulder, burying his face in Sherlock’s back so that his forehead rests at the nape of Sherlock’s neck.
“Do come in dear, it’s chilly out,” she continues, holding the door open as John smiles back, slipping in past her.
“No, that was just John,” Sherlock says, face shifting into a mask of indifference as he stalks towards his bedroom. He doesn’t desire conversation with anybody right now, not even Mrs Hudson.
“It’s on the mantel if you want it,” she finishes, making her way down the stairs once again.
Every dawn had brought some form of new heartache for him. He remembers it now. The way his heart had seemed to crumble to dust every day at the sight of John and Mary’s invitations, John and Mary’s floral arrangements, John and Mary’s guests, John and Mary’s-
Why does his brain have to do this every single time he likes someone? Well, to be honest it hadn’t been this bad for his ex-boyfriends and ex-girlfriends. For his past relationships, he’d been able to shut his thoughts up with a singular “no, fuck off” to the darker side of his brain and then everything would have been fine. However, with Sherlock… It doesn’t seem to be working.
Grass grows up out of the ground.
“Sherlock, I need to go over to Harry’s.”
See you later alligator.
Or maybe if Mary hadn't existed.
John sighs, slipping on a dressing gown and stumbling sleepily out of the door. Where could the madman have gotten to this tim-
He’s falling, falling into pitch darkness. He closes his eyes, waiting for the ground to come up to meet him, for the earth-shattering pain he knows will immediately follow.
“No, he wasn’t,” Sherlock responds simply.
“You know, come to think of it I haven’t seen you since you were discharged from hospital,” she continues. “You used to come here all the time, crawling all over the corpses and specimens. It used to drive me absolutely up the wall!”
To cut a long story short, John knew very well that Sherlock was only ever interested in guys and guys alone. But even though he knew of Sherlock’s sexuality, Sherlock technically didn’t know about John’s.
She’ll, of course, want to be gone before Mycroft realises something is wrong.
He is not- His mind is not- He WILL NOT-
“Was I a doctor as well?” he ventures, curiosity bubbling over.
Now it’d just be too awkward.
Or maybe not?
John nods in understanding, “That is true.”
“Although… I hope you realise that John and I here were aware of this a month ago.”
“I thought you said the solar system wasn’t important, that you’d deleted it?”
It feels exquisite.
He sighs deeply as he makes his way into the bedroom, hurling the pillows into the corner chair as he removes the sheets, dragging them off the bed roughly and dumping them onto a pile on the ground.
Sherlock’s brow furrows in confusion.
Sherlock shakes his head, a little alarmed.
Sherlock does so reluctantly, wondering how obvious he’s being, whether John will be able to read the lines of hurt and sorrow on his face.
Final chapter!!! In all of its nsfw glory. Hope you guys enjoyed reading this fic! It's been a blast writing it! uwu. I'm posting it earlier than usual because I suspect that I'll be busy on Friday and Saturday. Thank you all for reading! Your support has truly been phenomenal and it really spurred me to write on!!! Thanks so much!
Sherlock and John both straighten themselves quickly, their smiles falling from their faces as they simultaneously come to a conclusion on who the mysterious caller is.
Sherlock look you can’t do this alright, we have to talk about this, whatever it is at some point. You can’t just ignore it like nothing happened.
“To the very best… of times, John” he manages, fixing his eyes on John’s once again.
“Yes?” he breathes back sleepily.
Mary is probably seeking to rebuild Moriarty’s network as soon as possible, especially since she’s now been appointed as the head. Her first course of action will definitely be to burn him, to make a show out of him. The great Sherlock Holmes, the man who attempted to disentangle the spider’s web, trapped and ripe for destruction.
“Sounds like a change I’m willing to accept,” Sherlock smirks, ducking his head down for a chaste kiss.
Oh yes, Sherlock thinks to himself.
And what did Mycroft mean when he said that the two of them were in danger? Moriarty is dead and Sherlock has dismantled most of his web. Who could possibly be after them now? All of Moriarty’s most dangerous allies are either dead or have been incarcerated.
He opens his eyes wide, the fuzzy edges of his consciousness sharpening into something more tangible.
“Is that a promise, doctor?” Sherlock questions cheekily, peering up at John from the bed.
Even if he weren’t to count in the gunshot and the near death experience, her day-to-day actions would have already set up a pretty decent case for Sherlock’s strong dislike of her. One of her favourite pastimes seems to include making derogatory comments targeting him, deliberately putting him down and making him feel like he’s less capable than he really is.
How she does it? Nobody knows.
Something hadn’t been right, he’d felt it in his gut.
“You once called your brain a hard drive,” he continues, stepping forward. It takes all of Sherlock’s self-control to not reel back in horror, “Well, say hello to the virus.”
“Really?” he breathes, not daring to believe it.
There’s a short pause before John replies.
At least John seems much happier now.
He finishes, dumping the towel back on the rack before walking towards his bed.
And that’s when the screaming starts.
Sherlock needs no invitation to begin, really.
His eyelids flutter, shaking away the sleep dust as his vision sharpens.
His passageway convulses, vibrating around John’s cock and John shudders, seeing stars as he thrusts one last time, seating himself as deeply as possible as he spills into his lover’s body, his cock twitching as he rides out his orgasm.
“Funny thing is,” she continues, “Even though I was the chosen one… Magnussen was still standing in my way. He had unbearably large heaps of dirt on me that could have easily exposed me as the successor to the Moriarty title. And that could not have been allowed to happen.”
Sherlock giggles in response.
“Tell me about it.”
Oh god, what the hell? So John had known all along? That Mary had played him for a fool?
Come! Talk to me on
He thinks to himself as he shifts away from the door, bracing himself against the sink instead.
“Any time spent away from you is too much,” he responds, his fingers digging into Sherlock’s sides, holding him there as if Sherlock would vanish into thin air if he let go.
John had somehow grown to become a part of him over the past two years. Sherlock hadn't helped, certainly. He'd voluntarily wrapped himself around John's fingers after all, threading himself through John's heartstrings till they’d become impossibly intertwined.
