The smile Steve gets in return is blinding. “I know.”
“I’m sorry.”
If he hasn’t been savoring his time with Tony, well, he’s going to savor it so much more now. His borrowed time with Tony might be shortened very soon.
“Of course it would take a dire situation for the two of you to act on your feelings,” Thor remarks, amused as he hovers outside the escape pod. He doesn't look like he's even aged a day.
He stays by his side throughout the night, laughing and chatting and god, Steve could take him somewhere private, take his hand, and tell him that—
“You were implying—”
let anyone inside here? Or without my say-so.”
Right. How could he forget that one little detail? For some reason, people seem to think that Johnny's the spitting image of Steve, from the blond hair to the startling blue eyes to the chiseled jaw.
, he wouldn’t have turned out the way he is. Rebellious. Rude. Uncouth and unfit to be heir to a company like SI. You are nothing, you hear me? When you both graduate, I expect you to be gone from our lives. He will be attending MIT and I will not have him join some community college with you. He has ruined his life for you one too many times and I will not stand idly by once again. Are we clear?”
“Aside from that,” Thor continues, changing the subject, “I do not see the harm of—”
“Tony?”
“Yup.”
Hammer barks out a laugh, waving a hand around. “Oh, Tony! Such a comedian!” His eyes roam, taking Tony in with barely concealed want. Tony fights off the urge to squirm. “I should’ve said it right off the bat but wow. You're a knockout, Tony. Absolutely stunning.”
And just like that, Tony's fate is sealed.
Tony can say all he likes but Steve knows that he’s the reason Tony’s leaving. Howard should be leaving, not Tony.
Maria smiles softly. “You’re the only one who draws him with kind eyes.”
Another round of groans fill the room.
He doesn’t think about how lonely he is as he watches his friends gather their lovers in embraces and waltzes.
Tony’s Adam’s apple bobs. “Holy shit.”
Which is good. Very good. After all, Tony was going to talk about how lonely he was and how much he’s been pining over Steve’s sad and pathetic self the moment he popped out from the box. Before then, even.
“Hold on. Give me a sec.”
“Tony—”
“Dating? How in the—” Tony blinks. “
“And then back to the Tower?”
“She is. What’s your ma like?”
“They are,” Tony insists. “I don’t know anything about art but I know quality when I see it.”
One night, he has enough.
If that even could count as a kiss, since Tony has his helmeted head on.
Steve gives his shoulder a light squeeze. “Wherever the night takes us.”
They come to a stop on the other end of the room. Tony whirls around, ready to make a comment when he finds Steve scrutinizing him with an unreadable expression. Suddenly, Tony feels self-conscious.
Bruce’s cousin?”
Steve’s already on the rooftop, sitting on a picnic blanket with a basket by his side. He flashes Tony a broad grin, all canine and bright. In all his six hundred and eleven years of living, Tony’s never seen such a beautiful person be this dorky.
“I never thought you helpless—”
Steve’s lips begin to curl. “You’re the one who wanted to come here.”
“That’s the thing about us Starks, son,” he says instead. “We’re not meant for love. People don’t stick around for us. People don’t love us for who we are. And it’s time you finally get that through your thick skull.”
“I just thought you wouldn’t like it,” he explains when Tony trains his curious gaze on him. “Going on blind dates, I mean.”
So, Tony hadn’t been hallucinating. Only it hadn’t been Steve who came for him, but Captain America. Which is good. Very, very good.
“You know. What he…” The sound of plastic clashing together, followed by a heavy exhale. “What James said. About us not being friends?”
After all, in what world would Steve Rogers want Tony Stark?
Steve pales. “Tony, I—”
“No. I just—” He blinks. “
“Oh, Tony,” Rhodey sighs as he cleans after Tony’s mess for the millionth time. “Why?”
“I’m sure I will,” Steve replies sincerely. “I doubt anyone could say no to you.”
Tony groans as he lands on his stomach. “You’re terrible. I'm in distress and you’re laughing. You're laughing at me. You should be thankful Peter isn't here. Bet Jameson would love to have this in the news.”
And then suddenly, Tony’s falling. Falling and falling and then suddenly he’s lying on his back, Steve’s broad frame sprawled over him.
Steve’s eyes narrow. “You know, I could put him up in my old apartment if you want—”
But then today happened. Today happened and he lost his chance of having Tony. All because Steve made the mistake of thinking he had Tony in the first place. All because Steve’s a coward who’s scared to go after what he wanted.
“You’re not even kneeling.”
“—ony. Rise and shine!”
Gingerly, he props the bag of gummies next to the music rack before dropping himself onto the piano stool. He opens the lid and hovers his fingers over the keys.
“Oh, right. I forgot your mom owns the place.”
Jarvis’ favorite.”
Somehow, it does the trick. They don't bring Tony or Bobbi up during dinner (meatballs wins) or when they pile in the living room to watch the latest Sherlock Holmes movie, which ruins his mood even further.
He should resist him. Should tell him no. Should leave right now.
“Why even more than Tony and his lovely lady!”
Besides, he really doesn’t want to be the guy to break Steven Grant Rogers’ heart. Bucky might shoot him in his sleep.
It’s a joke. Just like their supposed romance.
And it’s nice, sharing a couch and greasy pizza as they catch up. During his miserable life in high society, Jan was the only bright spot in all of it. She, with her bright blue eyes and auburn curls and dazzling outfits, and wonderful smile.
The sparring session starts out fine. As usual, Natasha proves to be the perfect sparring partner, easily keeping up with Steve’s stamina and is agile enough to meet his jabs with ease.
Carol and Tony finally seem to snap out of their little flirtatious bubble, their eyes glued onto him as Steve gingerly lifts the chunk of marble he’s grasping, the chunk of marble that happens to belong to the countertop.
Steve couldn’t help but preen at the flirty tone directed at him before quickly reeling his pleasure in. Tony flirts with everyone. It’s how he communicates. Steve shouldn’t be happy about something like this.
“That was beautiful.”
“Wait, what?”
Clint’s eyes widen. “Holy fuck. Le Bernardin? That’s like one of the most expensive places in the city.”
Tony clasps his hands together, jabbing his finger at Steve. “Ah ha! I knew you’re into Bucky! There’s no way—”
“Shit. Fuck. No. Steve—” Tony runs his fingers through his hair, desperate and angry because he needs him, needs him to know. “Captain America isn’t the person I fell in love with.”
“Please. I’m pretty sure there are a hundred Roger Stevens in this world who’re artists.”
“Crystal.”
Tony nods. Swallows down his tears and pride because nothing good comes from dwelling.
Because this is Steve Rogers who he’s talking to, the man who broke his heart, the man Tony thought he’s over and done with, the man he’s still hopelessly in love with after five miserable years.
Steve nods and like the shameless man he is, he presses into Tony’s space.
Tony nods. “Good for him.”
“You always talk about how amazing I am,” Tony breathes out. “For some reason. It’s about time I do the same for you.”
Steve’s frowning as they watch Reed sidle between Sue and Thor. “What was that about?”
“Kid?”
“That’s because I am.”
His mother elects to ignore Steve’s distress, her teasing grin unwavering as she leans against the office's doorframe. “I have to say, you’re right. The pictures don’t do him justice.”
Tony’s smile turns bashful, lighting up another spark in Steve. “Yeah.”
Steve breaks into a grin, tucking his blazer next to him. “Didn’t expect that.”
Tony mirrors him but just as quickly, the smile slips off his face. He blinks his glistened eyelids as his grip on Steve’s cheek slackens. “Jesus, Steve. I really missed you. I missed you so much. I was so lost without you. Those five years… Fuck. Steve, if I knew—”
He breaks into a grin. It took a while to get her to stop calling him Mr Stark.
“You’re all mine,” Tony murmurs, sending a shiver down Steve’s spine. “No one else’s.”
“So,” he begins, clearing his throat, “anything I can do to help you tonight?”
For a brief second, every fiber of Steve’s body freezes before he’s turning to look, turning to see, turning with a flicker of hope. It dies when he sees Tony’s gaze trained on the constellations around them.
“Um, yeah. You too.” Steve blinks, racking his head for something. Anything. “I, uh… I like the shirt. The blue. You don’t wear blue often but it looks, uh… You know—”
and all that jazz.”
And as practiced as Tony would like to think he is, there are moments where he forgets that this is all a sham. Moments where Tony doesn’t drop Steve’s hand instantly as soon as the elevator doors close behind them. Moments where Steve licks his lips and Tony can’t help but track its movements. Moments where they could finally avert their gazes and pretend that their friendship isn’t forever changed.
He is doomed.
“Yeah, but—”
Steve rolls his eyes as he bounds over to his wardrobe, pulling out the cleanest clothes he could find. Being in the military has turned him off from his worry of being nude. But there’s something about this conversation that makes him feel naked.
“I'm pretty sure I know who sits in front of me, Steve.”
good thing.
The tinkle of piano keys and his mother’s crooning still lingers in Tony’s mind as he shuffles out of his room and into the elevator.
Bucky has always been a fucking snitch.
It’s a ring. It’s a pretty thing, a band of silver with a small diamond nestled in the middle.
“Hey!”
Steve hasn’t said anything yet. So he does.
Tony’s lips quirk to the side. “You really were worried about little old me, huh?”
“Ooh, he’s mad,” Clint faux-whispers to Kate.
“We just made out in the parking lot—”
Steve’s reflection stills. Dread fills Tony’s veins. He braces himself.
,” the voice says, much more insistent and familiar.
In the beginning, Tony chalked it up to nerves. Or wariness. Maybe even initial disdain. It’s not the first time Tony’s been treated in those ways. They always warm up to him, eventually.
“So,” Steve begins when there’s a lull in the conversation, “how’s your date with Sif?”
“Just ask him.”
“Then again,” Tony murmurs, his eyes glued to the mannequins in front of them, “you'd make a burlap sack sexy. So...”
The team has gathered in the communal kitchen when Steve and Tony head down in rumpled clothes and bed hair. The grins they send them are wolfish.
It feels like an eternity, both of them staring each other down in silence. Steve should’ve predicted this. Of course, confessing his feelings for Tony wouldn’t be smooth sailing, but he always expected to either have his feelings reciprocated or otherwise. Tony’s reaction doesn’t indicate on which side he falls in. It’s terrifying, not knowing.
“Love at first sight, huh?” the host asks, her voice suddenly soft.
Endgame Steve, with his big blue eyes and blond hair slicked back, just quirks his lips to one side, his eyes twinkling. “Sorry.”
for once. Nice to see Steve throwing his head back and laugh at one of Tony’s dumb jokes. Nice to be the center of Steve’s attention for once.
had grown a brain. Don’t be a fool and come home.”
“I mean, you don’t.”
“Asgard is a wonder to behold,” Thor says smugly.
“But it’s not my birthday tomorrow.”
Ben’s a blast to have around during Game Nights (how he wins every single time during poker, Steve will never know) and while Reed might talk circles around Steve’s head (not on purpose, of course), he can’t help but admire his intelligence, only second to Tony. He doesn’t have anything negative to say about Sue and not just because he’s afraid of losing a limb. She’s a total sweetheart and fun to gossip with.
“For the last time, Cap, he will.”
“Is it the cookie, then? I swear—”
Steve mentally files that information for later. He won’t lie, he’s one of the many people who thought that way. Good thing he’s proven wrong from the source himself.
Tony huffs, setting his empty mug down. “Whatever you say, Cap.”
“Scrawny? Weak?”
“No.”
“Yeah,” Tony replies.
“C’mon,” he says, pushing away from the wall. “Let’s go.”
Tony shoots him a wink before his fingers begin another song. “Eh. It’s all the same to me.”
It boggles Tony that Hank hasn’t been in contact with his daughter since his escape from AIM’s clutches. Fuck, Tony’s heard of Hope’s implore to the public, offering monetary rewards in exchange for information on her missing father. Hank could’ve at least had the decency of sending a coded message to her. Hell, even a fucking smoke signal would've sufficed. Anything to let her know he’s alive instead of worrying her to death.
Tony scowls. “The night’s still young. I’ll find him. Somehow. Now if you'd excuse me—”
A ‘he’. A ‘he’ who likes art. Steve’s a ‘he’ who likes art.
Steve beams with pride. “The one and only. I mean, who could resist him? As I told Justin Hammer before this, Tony’s one of the smartest people around but also the most beautiful person I’ve ever met. It’s probably shallow of me to say that but you know, appearances are what you usually notice about a person. But he was the first person I saw when I was defrosted. And I remember thinking, ‘Wow. He’s beautiful.’ Then, I got to know him and he’s also beautiful on the inside. His heart is as golden as his armor. I can assure you that. Even—”
“Sarah is nice,” Tony says timidly as they play Pong in their makeshift tent.
“I made a stack of inappropriate ones and secretly slide them into a pile once just to see how well it’d go.”
“You did not tell me to not tell anyone of this place, sir,” JARVIS replies like the little shit he is. “Captain Rogers had asked after you. Considering that the both of you were in distress, I felt it was imperative that you and he shared one another’s company.”
But then family cropped up and it all went downhill from there.
Clint frowns. “He’s been out for years, man. It’s all over the Internet. How could you not know?”
And then he sees him.
Steve lifts his head, grinning. “I know, I know. You’ll murder me in my sleep.”
“We should do this again with Tony,” Thor says as if reading Steve’s mind. “I would very much like to listen to his tales regarding his tenure at MIT.”
Tony nods, grinning. “Okay. Marry me?”
“I don’t doubt that,” Tony replies, casting Steve a side glance. “But I’ll admit, I’m actually surprised to find Steve in one piece and not, well, ashes.”
Tony stills. “Oh right. Oh fuck, I am such a—”
“It doesn’t feel like it will.”
Yet here he is at the annual gala for the Maria Stark Foundation, getting ready to play a role he loathes.
. Maybe Tony ate a snow cone or drank one of those colorful iced drinks—
“Thank you,” Steve murmurs. “Thank you for coming for me. For saving me.”
Tony blinks. “Wow?”
Great. Now Steve thinks Tony is pining for his spangled ass. Which is true but fuck, he never meant for him to know. Especially like this. Definitely not like this.
“That’s not what I meant. You’re not jealous because Endgame Tony was interacting with Steve. You’re jealous of the relationships all of Kamala’s Steves and Tonies have. You want what they have.”
Steve laughs, reaching for his belt buckle.
“Don’t bullshit me, Steve,” Tony snaps. “You know what I’m talking about. Your weird, one-sided beef with Johnny.”
“Now for these jeans—”
The letters stop coming. Steve wishes he could get blackout drunk.
Carried out of a burning building by Steven Grant Rogers.
“Johnny and I aren't going to give another go.”
“You do know the party’s inside, right?” she begins as she glides up next to him, a red solo cup in one hand.
“No. But then sometimes you joke—”
Steve has a pair of blue,
The look Steve sends him is devastating. “I’m still the same Steve. I’m still the same man.”
“C’mon, Nat. This is the moment we’ve been waiting for!”
Steve heads over to the cupcakes display, trying to make himself busy by rearranging them. It shouldn’t take long for Tony to pick a card and bail and write to the love of his life—
“I would if you’d stop threatening me about it.”
“No!” Tony exclaims. “He and his Tony are dating. I thought you were into him. Kamala’s Endgame Tony.” He frowns. “Jeez, that’s such a mouthful—”
“Huh?”
Steve for being, well, Steve.
Sure, they always go unnoticed
Tony exhales deeply. “Will you marry me?”
Tony’s lashes flutter, his lips curling in a genuine smile. Steve has never seen anyone this pretty in his life.
“Happy Valentine’s Day,” Tony murmurs.
Steve’s lips quirk to the side. “Boyfriend, huh?”
“Good,” he replies, throwing out a smile. “Really good.”
“Jen said she needed to meet with a client tomorrow morning,” Tony replies, throwing himself onto the loveseat next to Steve. “So we had to cut things short.”
“You doing okay?”
He thinks of leaving it on the ground for the dust to consume it. He thinks of shredding it into a million pieces. He thinks of taking it inside and turning on the stove to set it on fire.
Like usual, they end up grabbing their usual order of hot dogs and milkshakes before making their way over to their usual spot in Central Park.
They lapse into their usual chatter as they polish off their food.
Steve felt his cheeks burning, embarrassment getting the better of him like it always does. “I know it sounds stupid…”
What an idiot he is.
Tony blinks. “You’re—”
When Sharon brings Steve over for Aunt Peggy’s seventieth birthday party, he locks himself in her bedroom for most of the night.
“Nope. No JARVIS,” Clint interrupts.
Okay now,
Steve deserves everything.
“Yeah, yeah. I know,” Tony says, shutting down the conversation. He’s already gotten weird comments from other toys. He doesn’t need anymore, least of all, Steve’s. The less he dwells on the matter, the better.
“Tony?” she finally says in stark disbelief. “Tony. Dating Carol. Carol Danvers.”
If this is the last time, well, he’s glad it’ll end on a bittersweet note.
Finally. Finally, Steve’s alone and waiting for him and—
“Nat, I told you. I can’t—”
him? What makes him—
“I am not!”
Tony’s very, very glad he has his faceplate down.
“Wouldn’t be the first time.” He sweeps his cape behind him, spreading his hands. “Well, how do I look?”
“Sharon told me there’s like a three-month wait to snag a spot,” Natasha continues, spooning fried rice between her lips. “How did you even get one?”
“Regret revealing your identity to the world already?”
But for some reason, Natasha had barged in as he was dressing, took one brief look at him,  marched over to his wardrobe, and began to make a mess of things.
“How is that—”
“We were together for three years,” Tony points out. “You and him, were like, what? A year? Maybe if you’ve had the time—”
Steve glances down at them. “Are these new?”
“Sorta,” he says. “But you really are cute when you get jealous. Then again, you’re always cute.”
good.”
Natasha rolls her eyes, dropping the controller in her lap as the two continue to bicker.
“But—”
The words die at the back of his throat.
Steve tries not to think of the possibility of Tony and Morse doing
“No!” Tony exclaims so loudly that his voice startles the both of them. He clears his throat, bright chestnut eyes shining as they roam Steve’s face. Once again like the delusional optimist he is, Steve lets himself hope.
They have a nice time, albeit an odd one.
“Hey, mom,” Tony murmurs. “Been a while.”
The first time Tony sees Steve since he moved is in a grocery store.
He hums in confirmation, twining his fingers behind his back like a dumb high schooler.
“Does she make you happy?” Tony asks because he’s a masochist.
Tony leans forward, letting Steve slip the morsel between his lips.
“Yup. I haven’t gotten the balancing right though. And they give out pretty fast for some reason. Definitely gonna have to take a look at them later.”
He escapes his kidnappers. Finds his way to safety. Comes home. Fights another battle that is the devil named Obadiah Stane.
Steve nods, solemn. “Oh, I’m serious.”
“How was it?” he asks all-too casually.
Tony’s lips tug into a smirk. “Never pegged you for a rebel.”
Then again, Miles didn’t have to go along with whatever Kamala had in mind, so that makes it both of their fault.
Tony whips his head back at Steve, alarmed. “Wait, what? Did you have nightmares again? JARVIS, why didn’t you tell me? You’re supposed to—”
When pneumonia finally claims Ma, Steve almost writes to Tony to come, to comfort, to anchor him.
“So what? I’m alive. You—”
Steve lets out a quiet chuckle, drawing away from the doorframe. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to sneak up on you.”
“You could’ve at least had the decency of ending it earlier instead of stringing me along and making me feel like a complete idiot,” Tony says, steel cold before he yanks his hand back and storms away.
“I was, uh…” Tony clears his throat again, tugging at the collar of his T-shirt. It’s one of the many band T-shirts Tony seems to adore. They’re mostly of classic rock bands and grease-stained. Today's Band of the Day is Coldplay. Surprisingly, there's not a single grease stain in sight. “I was wondering if you could help me pick something.”
“You can’t tell me how I feel,” Steve argues. “And I know what I feel about you. I've known for a really long time now.” He pauses, leaning forward to cautiously slip his hands in Tony’s, and lowers his voice into a whisper. “Hey. Look at me.”
Tony would’ve liked it. Or at least, that was what Steve thought yesterday.
Natasha’s features soften but she still doesn’t look convinced. Fortunately for him, she lets it go.
Tony bobs his head. “Yeah. Thanks for the cookie. And the card.”
“You know all that shit in your head?” Natasha begins as the credits begin to roll. “They’re not true.”
to say. Or laugh.”
“Oh, Tony,” Steve says, hushed like it’s a secret meant for the both of them and the both of them alone. “I
Steve’s lips quirk to the side. “What? That we get along?”
Tony.
But that kid needs to stop treating him like he’s an old man. He’s not. He’s in his forties, not seventies.
He doesn’t get to finish his sentence because Steve’s burying his fingers in his hair and kissing the life out of him.
“Ma’s wondering if you wanna come over,” Steve blurts out.
For a moment, he lets himself forget that this is all an act, that Steve and him really are in a relationship.
“What the hell was that back there?”
Hammer’s smarmy smirk widens. “There he is!” he crows and oh god, are those
“Steve,” Sharon says, sounding serious, sympathetic, and amused all at once. “I love you. I really do. But you’re an idiot.”
interested in Tony? Why would Johnny even consider dating Tony? For one, Tony’s way too old for him. Johnny’s in his early, mid-twenties? Sure, Steve’s younger than Tony too but he’s closer in age (and no, his true age doesn’t count).
hates himself sometimes.
He might’ve succeeded if Tony hadn’t returned ten minutes later.
“And there’s the denial,” Natasha says dryly at the same time Clint continues, “—for with someone who isn't you doesn’t piss you off.”
Tony nods, “Yeah.”
It’s one thing to wake up seventy years into the future but another five more? Steve’s starting to wonder if he’s always meant to be propelled forward in time, meant to be a nomad, a traveler. Destined to be a Man Out of Time.
And well, speak of the devil.
Tony's nursing a cup of lemonade, scanning the crowd and counting down the seconds until he can slip away when he feels a tap on his shoulder.
Tony stills. “You don’t mean that.”
“I think it’s best we get going,” Mr Burke hastily interrupts, steering his wife away.
Tony continues to poke holes in his waffles, trying his best to ignore the pairs of eyes zeroing on him.
Not that Tony is living in a graveyard right now, but the notion still stands. They’ve been going strong for five hundred years. Why try ruining things?
Steve chuckles. “I, uh… I’m just not used to compliments.”
“Cool. That means I’ll be free in the evening. Why?”
“She taught you?”
“Captain Rogers.”
“I know. But I still didn’t want to take the chance.” Steve pauses. “And I thought— I thought you moved on—”
He did not— Tony did not just tell Steve what he just—just—
“I don’t get why you’re so adamant about me finding a mate.”
“I like you too, you idiot.”
“Yeah. It was like three am and I was hungry. I was lazy to whip up something so I just ate the whole jar of it.”
There’s a crowd gathered around them, holding out their phones and they grin manically.
“I mean, I
“Say yes,” Steve replies, infuriatingly calm. “They want you to marry me.”
Tony barely curbs the disappointment growing inside him. Of course. Why should he expect anything else? It’s stupid of him to even think that Cap would come for him on his own accord.
“It isn’t against the law,” Bruce replies. “Just frowned upon.”
Steve shook his head, heaving a sigh. “No. No, it’s not that. It’s just…”
Tony shoots her a half-hearted scowl as he takes Steve’s hand, letting him guide him down to the dance floor. There's something empowering about holding his boyfriend's hand in an ocean of elite bigots.
Steve doesn’t know how long he stands there, only snapping out of his reverie when Clint calls for his attention.
“Jesus.”
He hears Steve sigh. “You know what.”
Tony loves Natasha. He really,
“You should come,” Steve says. “To the gallery. It’s tonight. I mean, if you have time.”
An invisible lump forms in Steve’s throat. Oh, he definitely fucked up.
Tony squints at him, his eyes bright in the dark. “Of course I had to. It’s you.”
Tony frowns. “Really?”
It's Tony's turn to have his jaw dropped, disbelief coursing through him.
Besides, he doubts he could restrain himself from glaring at Jennifer when she sees Tony in a tux because holy
“As much as I hate to admit it,” Steve adds, ignoring Clint’s indignant protest, “I agree.”
“Five years, Steve.”
“Get some rest.”
“You know,” he adds, “I think it's time.”
Tony snorts, shaking his head fondly as he lifts his mug to his lips. “It was great. We had a wonderful time. We had dinner in the capital and then went dancing. Jesus, the dip she made—”
But of course like everything in life, Tony could never get things his way.
“Be good. My tower better be in one piece when I get back.”
“Not my best comeback, I know,” Tony admits as he crosses his arms. “But whatever. Not the point. How can you guys be together? Isn’t he—”
Once again, the smile on Steve’s face fades and Tony resists the urge to slap himself, faceplate or not.
Steve startles, tearing his gaze away from Tony’s…body?
“I should—”
Thor huffs, picking up his video game controller. “I speak the truth and only the truth. Anthony will greatly appreciate your choice of clothing.”
them. He actually admires how well they work together, which makes sense considering they’re family, and well enough with the Avengers. It helps that both teams get on well with each other, going so far as to taking vacations and hosting monthly gatherings.
“Your safety and well-being will always take priority,” JARVIS interrupts. “If it means obeying Captain Rogers’ orders over yours, so be it.”
Tony hums, closing the distance between Steve and him. He lets out a quiet sigh.
So like any sane person would in this kind of situation, Tony hides.
Steve frowns but doesn’t pursue it, shoving his hands in his pockets as the hundredth crowd spits them out.
God, why did he invite everyone from SHIELD and the Resistance over? The Chimera itself isn’t that big. At this rate, it’ll take a miracle to find Steve.
It’s a miracle that they’ve lasted this long as friends, let alone
An involuntary laugh escapes his lips. “Nah. I think I’ll pass.”
“Sounds good.”
She purses her lips. “We thought you weren't acting on your feelings because you were afraid,” she begins softly. “So we thought that this might give you a push. We all thought you knew he’s pan.”
“I love you,” Tony whispers into Steve’s hair. “And you deserve better than being stuck with me. That’s why I’m letting you go.”
In that short exchange, there’s a lot of things to process. For one, how could Carol vaporize him? Tony actually talked about introducing Carol to Steve? He thought Steve would—
Steve shouldn’t be upset. Shouldn’t have been upset. Tony has the right to date anyone he likes. It’s not like he’s dating Steve or anything of the sort. Heck, Tony probably doesn’t even see him as other than his friend, ally, and fellow Avenger.
He really,
Tony opens his mouth to retort, lie, explain, but like the miracle she is, she just sighs and says, “Not in the way you’re telling everyone.”
“Of course you’d remember his name,” Tony mutters under his breath.
“Tony—”
“Can’t a guy change his mind?” Steve asks, trying hard to not have his resolve waver. “Besides, I have it on good authority that you’ll like them. I mean, unless you and Johnny—”
“It’ll be a nice distraction,” Tony says after a beat. “It’s pretty overdue, anyway. Probably good for me to get into the dating game again and try to—”
“Surprise!” Sam cries out.
“You know,” Tony begins after the food has been cleared and they’ve finished a lapse of comfortable silence. “I always thought about how funny this is.”
“To make your dreams come true,” he murmurs into Steve’s ear.
“But she gets ‘Spaceface’,” Steve points out. “And ‘Care Bear’ and—”
“I doubt the music would sound as good as it would if you played soberly and voluntarily.”
She’s his friend first. But the fact that she’s equally close to Steve doesn’t help matters.
Carol pushes another mug Tony’s way. Unlike Steve’s, the coffee is served in Tony’s own mug. And not just any mug. It’s Tony’s favorite, the red and gold one with a black cat slapped in the middle.
Then, he’s all Tony can think of the rest of the night.
If Steve's cheeks were warm before, they're definitely on fire now. He knows how much Peter Parker means to Tony. Their close brotherly relationship, something that warms Steve’s heart.
“Definitely mad,” Kate returns.
As much as Steve dislikes each and every moment of Operation: Get Tony To Stop Moping By Finding Him True Love, he’s been dreading Natasha’s turn.
“Yeah.” Steve musters a grin, hoping it’s genuine enough to hide his broken heart. “Good luck with uh… With your Valentine.”
If Steve notices Tony putting extra effort in taking him in his mouth or marking his neck or kissing his breath away, he doesn’t show it. He responds just as, if not more beautiful than before. His whimpers and moans of ecstasy are both music and agony to Tony’s ears.
But Steve’s a coward and Howard’s so right and fuck, he needs to stop.
Hammer casts his eyes to the ceiling thoughtfully. “Seven months?” He pins Steve with a reprimanding look. “With all due respect, Cap, I—”
Whenever they’re in Central Park, they would settle under one of the many shady trees, basking in the sunlight and cool air as they enjoy each other’s company. Or Steve usually does, at least.
Steve feels his lips part, lost for words. “Oh. Yeah. There is. Gray flecks, I mean.”
“Don’t be silly. Only a fool could not love you. And my son’s no fool.” Her eyes drift down to his acrylic-stained hands before glancing behind her. “You should tell him. When he comes back.”
Nine! Eight!”
He’s well aware of his friends’ concern over his sudden change of demeanor. Hell, even Steve’s tried cornering him and blowing his phone up with calls and messages too. In the end, Tony puts a stop to it all by locking himself up in his workshop.
Of course. Of course Tony’s girlfriend is drop-dead gorgeous
Tony rolls his eyes, flops down opposite him, and orders a tall stack of pancakes.
Which of course, brings him to this moment – being carried bridal-styled out of a ‘burning building’ (which is just a Barbie dreamhouse covered in paper cutouts of fire) by Steve Rogers.
“Tony?”
Tony takes his time in the shower, getting dressed, and styling his hair. If anyone could see him right now, they'd probably think about how ridiculous he's being, how effort he's wasting. It’s dinner with Steve, after all. Tony could be wearing a rucksack and Steve wouldn’t even bat an eye.
“Then enlighten me since you’re so—”
“Just the two of us?” he asks, hoping he doesn’t sound as tentative as he feels.
His friends seem oblivious to his messy thoughts, chattering away as they retreat. Steve tries to tune it all out and he does.
Dressed like Captain America.
“Are you spacing out again?”
“Nah, I’m good.”
“Tony—”
The rest of the week passes in a blur. He spends his time avoiding Steve and Barnes by throwing himself into his work and distancing himself from group activities.
Tony accepts the mug of coffee with a quiet murmur of thanks. He takes a long sip, watching Cap pick his shield up.
“Sure you can. You definitely can get away with wearing hot pink flannel.” He pauses. “If you don’t wear them with khakis.”
Natasha flashes him a knowing look, propping her legs over Tony’s. She’s the latest addition to their merry band of misfits, modeled after her Endgame appearance. Which also makes her the worst person to talk to about this.
Carol snickers as she leans in for another kiss and Steve is definitely not staring. Not at all. No sirree. Carol and Tony have the right to display their affection for each other in front of him and Steve definitely doesn’t feel like a third wheel and—
Just like his feelings for Steve. No matter how hard he tries to forget, how far he runs, there’s no escape from the truth, the truth that even after all this time, he still loves Steve. And as long as Tony breathes, he’ll protect Steve from scum like Ty. He deserves better than getting shit from Ty.
“No!” Steve exclaims hastily. “I was just—” His eyes narrow at Tony’s shaking shoulders. “Seriously, Tony?”
right. Wait, is it Steve’s turn to pick the game?”
“I don’t,” Steve says and pulls him into one of his soul-crushing kisses.
With a heavy sigh, Steve settles down on the edge of his bed before pulling open his bedside drawer and plucking out the box and opening it.
“Guess what came in the mail today,” Ma says, her eyes twinkling.
Fuck. This isn't how Tony wanted to break things off.
“So did I. I mean, you could’ve had anyone. I didn’t think you’d settle for me.”
“Come back,” he whispers as the Hulk breaks Tony’s fall.
“You’re a fucking idiot,” Tony interrupts. “A fucking self-sacrificing idiot. You know that?”
Like the wishful idiot he is, Steve’s heart skips a beat at these words.
“Please,” Tony says, rolling his eyes. “You love it.”
“It’s a Sunday.”
“Guh,” Tony says intelligently.
“Can’t help it, you know.”
A flicker of hope ignites in Steve’s heart. He ignores it for the moment. The less he indulges in them, the better so he just closes his eyes again and lets Natasha work her magic on him.
Tony rolls his eyes before giving Steve a light shove. Like the brick wall he is, Steve doesn’t budge. His eyes twinkle with mirth under the moonlight. Just like that, Tony’s putty again.
“Carol—”
“Yup.”
“Pretty sure you could if you tried.”
Steve nods, understanding crossing his eyes. “Yeah. I think I know what you mean.”
“You’re on,” Tony says, raising his arm.
She engulfs Tony in a hug when they first meet, insists on him to call her ‘Sarah’, and shoos them into Steve’s bedroom with cookies with promises of a good dinner.
“Yup. You’re back early.”
Dreams of his mother usually give him some semblance of comfort and ease. They remind Tony that there was some form of love in his childhood home, that there was a parent who loves him with their whole heart. This time, however, it leaves him rattled.
This is the perfect time for Steve to tell Tony, to tell him how his heart skips when he’s near, to tell him how much he adores his boisterous rambling and his sleepy eyes and arresting smile, to tell him how his soul longs for him and only him. Time is running out for the both of them, after all.
Kate glowers. “Hey, I can totally beat people’s asses in a dress.”
“I mean, I’ve heard about the shit you make in Engineering.”
Just like that, Steve’s mood comes crashing down.
“You know,” Steve says as they exit the gallery, “I’m surprised you haven’t complained about your feet hurting at all. You usually do.”
Tony feels himself nodding meekly. “I, uh… Yeah. I think. Uh…” He yanks his head back, clearing his throat. “I thought you hated me.”
“One day,” Steve says for the millionth time whenever Tony asks and all Tony could do is try again another day.
“Hi, Steve.”
Steve’s cheeks pale. “Tony—”
Out of the corner of his eyes, Cap shudders.
Steve just grins, capturing his chin to press a soft kiss onto Tony’s lips.
pinochle but him, groaning and whining whenever he picks the card game for Game Night—
“Wow.”
“You can’t hide from me forever,” he says. “The team’s worried about you.
“Except them,” Tony echoes. “But yeah. A lot of people seemed to like it. I mean, the team’s ecstatic. Fury’s happy for once in his life. Of course, they do. Steve’s Captain America. Everyone loves Captain America.”
“You can make me a new one.”
He comes to a stop, willing his anger to a small ember. Tony shouldn’t be upset over this. It’s out of his hands. It’s Hank’s prerogative if he wants to keep Hope in the dark.
“You’re going out again?” Steve blurts out.
“Yeah.”
She wraps her perfectly-manicured fingers around a fistful of popcorn. “I think so.”
He is truly fucked.
“You’re shivering.”
Immediately, Tony’s jaw clamps shut.
“I have already ordered the usual in addition to your previous order.”
Throughout the whole train ride, they talk.
think a bottle made me special?”
“What if I want to be more than friends,” Steve continues, wringing his hands, his cheeks reddening with each passing second. “What if—”
Thor scowls, following suit. “You cheated!”
“Uh, sure. Maybe later? Like, after midnight later? ‘Cause let me tell you, I have—”
Steve snorts. “My suit’s barely a walking flag—”
“I’m pretty sure we’re the only ones who noticed.” Tony opens his mouth to interject. Natasha doesn’t let him. “And Fury.”
Tony’s used to going alone. He isn’t one for hiring or inviting anyone to be eye candy. His friends show up every now and then to show him support or for publicity purposes. But never as his date. Ever.
“I know. I just… I just...”
But then he realizes he’s an idiot for thinking that when he steps inside the diner and finds Steve cradling Sharon Carter’s cheek.
“You’re just saying that so I’d stop crying.”
“Wow,” the boy says. “It’s pretty.”
After several heated debates (which involved a cheese grater, a broom, and a Q-tip), Bruce ends up going first. According to him, his pick would help Tony ease himself into things.
“Oh fuck is right,” Clint agrees, his grin widening like the shithead he is.
“Not Jesus,” Natasha says, barely looking up. “But close enough.”
Steve drifts down to the table cloth. It’s a light shade of yellow. It must’ve been white once.
“I still think you should try,” Natasha says. “If you want. I’m pretty sure you’ll like the outcome.”
The night before was great. Him and Tony had spent it playing chess and playing video games and they were going to watch the whole Lord of the Rings trilogy until Tony abruptly excused himself and hastily dashed off.
, Steve grumbles.
“I’m going to stop you there,” Tony interrupts. “One, we already broke up when—”
“Yeah. I did.”
It’s in gouache.
Which sucks. The whole thing sucks, so, so,
Steve’s heart leaps in his chest, his mouth dry.
Steve wipes his face with his hand, exhaling. “I guess I can see why it might look that way. But Bucky, he’s… He’s one of my greatest failures. I couldn’t save him and I guess… I guess if I couldn’t save him then, I could save him now.”
Tony sucks in a breath, willing his heart to calm and his eyes open. “Fuck you.”
“Only Ma remembers my birthday,” Steve sniffles before launching himself at Tony, wrapping his arms around him. “Thank you, Tony. I love it.”
—and yup, he’s going to die tonight.
Instead, he clears his throat, doing his best to keep himself together. “Thank you. You don’t look too shabby yourself.”
“No,” Steve repeats, puffing his chest like a jealous robin. “You’ll just have to get used to this. No other Steve can kiss you. Sorry.”
“But—”
“Is this a joke?”
“No!” Steve exclaims, almost jumping up to his feet and dropping Tony onto the ground.
It’s also why he lies in the bathtub, water soaking his clothes as he listens to the banging on his door grow louder and louder and—
“I used to resent you,” he says quietly. “You didn’t write back. You didn’t bother to reach out to me, even when Howard—”
“I don’t know! You can be a little shit when you want to.”
It shouldn’t be surprising that Justin Hammer would be here considering every single freaking billionaire in the city was invited (thanks a lot, Pepper). But still, that man shouldn't be here at all, no matter what Pepper says.
Tony’s eyes narrow. “Then what the hell are you waiting for? Go—”
Not that Steve actually is Tony’s boyfriend. Not that any of this means anything. Not that Tony does wish—
“But Hulk can’t—”
“Not the Son of Odin! You, however—”
Slowly, he cracks an eyelid open. There’s a campfire in front of him and his clothes are laid out not far from his feet. Further on is what looks like to be the mouth of a cave. Outside, a thunderstorm rages on.
“Will heal it. I know, I know. I wasn’t going to bring that up.” Tony sighs, glancing away for a moment. When their eyes meet again, Steve almost shrinks back at the blaze behind his eyes.
Tony freezes in place.
Steve frowned. “What?”
“It’s definitely weird,” Rhodey remarks before hightailing, Tony hot on his heels.
It’s not unusual to see everyone gathered together. But what is unusual is Tony’s presence.
“Thank you. That’s sweet coming from you.”
Tony’s smile is fond. “You draw me with kind eyes.”
“I mean, it’s foolproof—”
Neither would he be dressed in red, white, and blue.
She’s right. Sure, there’s a high chance that Tony is definitely taken. But at the same time, there’s also that sliver of a chance that Tony might not be as out of reach as Steve thought he is.
, Steve thinks glumly as he watches Sherlock and Watson glide across the dancefloor.
It turns out that Steve’s a great dancer. Go figure.
With a heavy exhale, Tony snatches up the bag of gummies, tearing into the plastic so he could shove a couple of into his mouth. They taste like ash and salt.
From the corner of Tony’s eyes, he watches Natasha roll her eyes. “Okay, everyone. Let’s give them some space. Back to the toybox we go.”
“No, dumbass. For scaring Hammer off.”
Steve’s lips quirk to the side. “Nope,” he says, stealing another short kiss. “Definitely not.”
“If you’re going to argue with me based on that, I’d like to point to you Endgame.”
Well. How about that?
“Okay,” Tony echoes back, a smile creeping up his face. “Dinner, it is.”
“You play all these instruments?” Steve asks with awe, a hand hovering over the neck of Tony’s electric guitar. “Even the harp?”
“Never pegged you for a goody-two-shoes,” Steve counters, bagging the cookie in a small paper bag.
“Yes.” Steve pulls up the holograms again, scrolling through. “Look. Everyone’s happy—”
Tony could never say no to good old Ty.
“Not less than fifty.”
Tony protects the world as Iron Man and changes the future as CEO and later, Head of R&D at Stark Industries.
For some reason, Miles decided the occasion needed his toys’ presence, dragging all of them out of his toybox and perching them on the edge of the coffee table so they could watch along, because why not?
“—didn’t have sex if that’s what you’re—”
For some reason, Tony seems nervous. Fidgety. Like he’s hiding something, which makes sense since he has another present for Steve. But that can’t be it, right? They always grab breakfast and watch movies and take strolls. This isn’t new.
“Yes,” Clint and Kate chorus.
One head-pounding morning, he wakes to familiar faces staring down at him.
Tony couldn’t help but snort as Steve zips away. Sometimes, Steve would be reduced to a stuttering mess out of the blue for no explainable reason. There might be an explanation though if Steve doesn’t wear scent blockers.
“I mean, we probably do off-screen but the MCU are cowards and—”
Tony quirks an eyebrow.
Thor grins. “We have just concluded a great battle between the good Captain and the Hulk,” he declares. “And it was a mighty battle indeed.”
Consciousness creeps in hazily. Judging by the steady beeping and the white walls, he’s in the tower’s infirmary.
Tony rolls his eyes, ignoring the stab in his chest. He motions for her to continue.
“You get ‘Winghead’,” Tony counters. “You get ‘Prince Charming’ and ‘Adonis’ and ‘Beloved’. And I swear I used to call you a ‘Capsicle’ when we first got you defrosted. That’s like twice the number of nicknames Carol
“Oh god,” he blurts out, noticing the envelope and paper bag in Tony’s clutches, “is there something wrong with the card? Is there a defect? I could whip up something—”
“Yes, they will,” Tony insists. “Me a part of a fake public proposal? The stocks are going to plunge, the board will be on me even more than usual, and the media—”
“I emailed your agent,” she replies. Her hair’s silver now, tied up in a bun. She’s still as beautiful as the last time he saw her.
“Knock knock.”
Fortunately, Tony doesn’t seem to register Steve’s dejection. “Yeah! Yeah. I was thinking of getting a card and I—”
“I like apple pie.”
Until now.
“You alright?” he asks lowly. “You’ve been spacing out the whole night.”
“Nah,” Tony calls down as he begins to fasten the lights to the ceiling hooks. “They should be fine.”
“I’m sorry.”
Steve has envisioned their kiss countless of times before, picturing various scenarios and sensations. But he never expected to be stranded in space half-naked, to have woken up from a five-year coma, to be on the brink of death. Neither did he expect to feel the stirring in his chest, the warmth coursing through his veins, the taste of coffee to be strong on his tongue, to even taste salt at all.
“Even in your fuckboy phrase. Every time I saw pictures of you, videos of you, you just… You look different. Not the boy I remember.”
Steve Rogers is a ball to be around with. He talks and laughs and listens and spins intricate tales about the life he once had and the life he has now. Even when Tony laughs a little too loudly or makes a joke that falls flat, Steve just grins and looks at him like he isn’t Tony Stark, billionaire, genius, monster.
“Because he’s in love with Peggy. Catch up, will you—”
“I know,” she says. “But it will. One day.”
Tony rolls his eyes as he turns the engine on. “Told you, Cap. I’m fine—”
It could’ve been him and Tony together, could’ve been Tony by his side as Steve watches his friends bicker.
A collection of groans fill the room.
Okay, that might be stretching things. It’s not like he
Tony straightens. All of a sudden, he looks nervous. Steve can’t remember the last time he’s seen Tony nervous. In fact, he doesn't think he's ever seen Tony nervous.
Tony rolls his eyes, snatching it from Steve's grasp. “More like my breathing. You do know that’s creepy, right?”
Steve blinks, finally noticing the hand Johnny’s been waving in front of him. “Sorry, I was just...just wondering why the both of you are here.”
“I don’t know if you noticed—”
“Yeah?”
“I mean, it isn’t going to kill him. It’s harmless.”
Steve whips his head up in alarm. “My
From the moment they met, Friday nights have always been reserved for Steve. It doesn't matter if Tony has business overseas or a mountain of paperwork awaiting him in his office. He'll always make time for Steve. And somehow, Steve always has time for Tony.
“Still a total disaster, I see.”
“You’re Tony Stark,” he says instead. “Everyone knows who Tony Stark is.”
Natasha flashes him a withering look, one that means business.
Carol grins as she heads for the elevators. “Yes, it is.”
Tony kisses him.
His phone won’t stop ringing.
Steve doesn’t even register what’s happened until he feels callused but warm hands cupping his face and a voice frantically yelling in his ear.
“I couldn’t wait.”
As much as Steve hates to admit it, but he has to give credit when it's due. Lately, Tony hasn't had the time to let loose and have fun. An amusement park would be a perfect place to forget and indulge in his competitive streak.
They’re in bed when he says it, after another quiet bout of lovemaking, shrouded by the smell of sex and sandalwood and vanilla.
“I am, you asshole. FYI, I was voted Sexiest Man Alive thrice.”
“Language,” Tony croaks.
“People are staring.”
Steve just shrugs helplessly.
“C’mon, Tony,” he says in a sing-song voice. “We’re burning moonlight.”
“How is he?”
Steve places the jar onto the countertop and picks up a pair of tongs. “They’re good. And I’m not saying this because I work here or ‘cause my mom baked it. On the house, by the way.”
Steve nods, swallowing the last of his hot dog before cracking a smile. “And the time Sam thought it’ll be a great idea to have a picnic together and then you and Clint got into a fight because he stole your sandwich that one time and then that time when you got slammed—”
He’s out of the room before anyone could stop him, making a beeline for the elevators because fuck, he fucked up so bad.
Tony groans. “I thought you wanted me to talk about—”
Steve blushes. “I mean, he was touching you. He touched your butt. I couldn’t just stand there and let him touch my fiancé’s butt.”
Tony’s down on one knee.
“Here.”
Jan doesn’t stop by his shop for a fix. She stops by to reconnect.
If Steve has to compare them to paint, he’d say Tony’s like watercolor – free, iridescent, and all-too consuming.
Most people like to say Tony has never been in love. That he’s incapable of love.
smartest man in the world—”
“Well, well,” Carol remarks. “Look who finally decided to show up.”
Steve watches him disappear, watches Tony take his heart away with him, watches Tony walk into the arms of someone else—
Much to Steve’s surprise and hidden disappointment, Tony doesn’t seem to have noticed, brushing everything off as terrible pranks. Which is fine. Very fine. Steve never thought Tony would reciprocate his feelings, anyway.
And that’s fine. So very fine. Rhodey probably introduced them. And that’s fine. Very fine. Rhodey knows Tony best. And Carol seems nice so far. Spunky like Tony.
Steve really needs to learn to come up with better lies.
God, he loves Steve. He fucking loves Steve.
Carol nods, humming in confirmation. “Yup. Wouldn’t stop going on about you and your all-American, boy-next-door good looks and your do-gooder tendencies. And you seem like a good guy.” Her lips twist into a smirk. “For an Army boy.”
eyes making him catch his breath. It’s moments like these that Tony wonders about the what-ifs, on the possibilities, on the many ways he could tell this man the countless times he’s fallen.
He hears a sharp intake of breath and watches an eyelid flutter open and fingers curl around the stick.
“Again, takes one to know one.”
“I thought you—”
Sharon rolls her eyes. “Okay, fine. Be that way. Sulk on your birthday.”
But what’s with the faces? They’re acting as if—
“He still loves you, you know?”
, Steve thinks glumly, shoving a piece of toast between his lips as he tunes Thor’s droning.
Steve swallows, his nerves getting the better of him. “Say something,” he pleads.
Just like every morning, Tony swiftly polishes his first mug of coffee in three gulps. The fog behind his eyes clears considerably.
He instantly regrets the accusatory tone when Tony flinches. If he hadn’t been for his four-year friendship with Tony, Steve's pretty sure he wouldn’t have noticed. Tony's tells are subtle like that.
“Dad won’t say yes. He doesn’t like it when Mama visits her friends.”
“Really.”
“Huh. That’s weird.”
Tony steps into the common room, which is almost as crowded as the hangar. Thankfully, he meets a pair of familiar blue eyes across the room.
“Bucky’s fine. He’s—”
—and all the words on his tongue die.
“Because I’m Tony Stark?”
It doesn’t help that the cluster of bodies around them seem eager to witness the race, cajoling Tony to accept the challenge.
And if he calls on JARVIS to help him strategize ways to beat Carol the next time, no one has to know that either.
Someone who isn’t Tony.
Things have been going so well between Tony, Bruce, and Hank. They even fell back into discussing science like old times.
Of course. Of course, he knows. Even if he is a stranger, he’s a Steve Rogers. He wouldn’t be Steve Rogers if he isn’t perceptive.
“Fuck no. I only had Rhodey and Jan then. Mom’s mom. So. There’s Jarvis. But Jarvis’ gone now—”
Steve’s only managed to wrangle himself out of the terrible company he’s in when he hears footsteps pause behind him.
“No, you don’t.”
Steven Grant Rogers who betrayed him.
“Shut up. This isn’t funny, Rogers,” Tony mutters before lifting his head up. “Do you really want to shackle yourself to me for another five hundred years?”
“Everyone’s dishonorable when it comes to Mario Kart!”
Tony scowls, spitting out a plastic pumpkin. “Not. A. Word.”
“Same here,” Tony replies and then squares his shoulders. “Maybe we should do it again. Sometime soon. If you like.”
Tony glances away, blinking what he hopes aren’t tears from his eyes. “Sure you didn’t mean to give the guy with the fucked-up heart a heart attack.”
“Well, I figured it’d be rude of me to forego going this year,” Steve replies ruefully. “I’d be a terrible boyfriend if I didn’t go.”
“Sides’,” Tony barrels on, “you’re a quick learner. I’m pretty sure you picked up a few things from watching me just now.”
“Changed my mind.”
Clint and Thor mercilessly tease them. They only stop when Steve threatens to double their drills.
“And being around m—us isn’t fun?”
The breath next to him hitches. Tony braces himself and turns.
Steve clenches his jaw the whole time. Tony could barely hear his teeth grinding over his own anger.
Steve cocks an eyebrow wryly. For a moment, Tony forgets everything that’s happened this past week.
Tony snorts at the rhetorical question. “Please. Everyone knows you’re a sassy troll behind those all-American blue eyes.”
hair and his armor is super,
“Anytime.”
“No! Of course not! I’d never— I’d never joke about something like that. I—”
There’s an odd edge to Steve’s voice, something Tony can’t identify. Tony’s tempted to prod, but judging by his flushed cheeks, clenched fists, and gritted teeth, Tony doubts he’d get a proper answer out of Steve. Instead, Tony mentally files the observation away for the moment.
Steve hates the swell of joy and hope coursing through him. Just because Tony and Sif didn’t work out, doesn’t mean he has a chance. Tony’s straight, for god’s sake.
“I’m fine. It’s nothing.”
Steve doesn’t know how much time has passed and he’s pretty sure he’s nodded off a couple of times when he hears the door open.
, Tony texts before tossing his phone behind him, uncaring of where it lands.
Tony should’ve taken a leaflet out of Steve’s page. Move away. Get an apartment. Find someone else to fall in love with. Or at least, move on.
Tony’s smoothing down his clothes when JARVIS announces that Steve’s requesting access to Tony’s room.
Which is fine. Tony isn’t a stranger to heartbreak. He can totally handle watching his friend be in love with someone who isn’t him. He lived through five years thinking that Steve’s dead. A relationship is child’s play compared to that.
They chatter away with ease as they take their leave. There's an ease in their dynamic, their body language. Like they’ve been friends for years. They might be, considering Tony’s longstanding friendship with Reed Richards. But then again, he hasn't really seen Storm hang around Tony whenever the Fantastic Four cross paths with the Avengers.
His hands begin to shake as Tony strides over towards the counter, a lazy grin plastered on his face. The familiar scent of grease and mint waft through the air as Tony closes the distance between them.
“What the hell just happened?” he asks, retracting his helmet.
Stark. Even after all these years, he’s still Stark.
He is so glad his mother isn’t out here witnessing him fail at communication. So fucking glad.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Same old Hank, huh.”
Tonight's dinner is at a place Pepper has been gushing about for weeks – a fancy Italian place in the heart of Upper East Side.
“Thirty.”
Heat begins creeping up Steve’s neck. “I mean, I—”
“Say yes!” someone calls.
It started like most things do for a toy like Tony – with Show and Tell.
“Why would you think that?” Steve murmurs back.
“You know,” Tony murmurs against his lips, “I almost agreed to a second date with Johnny. He was fun. He made me laugh. And he’s a good kisser—”
Then again, Tony’s a hypocrite for not letting Rhodey know he isn’t buried under all that rubble at his family estate. But still.
“And five hundred more,” Tony adds, clinking their drinks together. “Until you meet your mate, that is.”
“You may hold this thought but I assure you, you will change your mind when you visit,” Thor replies cheerfully, clapping Steve on his back. “Now, come! I heard there are loaves of meat to feast on!”
“This is my first time seeing you play,” Steve replies quietly. “Of course, I have a few questions. But you don’t have to answer them if you don’t feel comfortable.”
It feels weird being on Steve’s arm for a gala like this.
Party Pooper rolls his eyes. Tony might not know who this girl is but he really, really wants to punch Party Pooper for acting super patronizing towards her. “That’s one time. What about other times?”
It’s a voice he doesn’t recognize. A customer, most likely.
Tony wishes he had the energy to scoff at the ridiculous situation he's in. But with his energy slowly draining out of him, all he can think of is how he should've been less brash and arrogant.
Steve scowls. Scott Summers, one of the last people he ever wants to think of is Scott Summers, especially now. In fact, he’d rather not think about Johnny Storm either.
“Not to you.”
Steve’s scowl deepens. “Oh. I see. Because Tony and I have plans—”
“Holy shit,” Tony breathes out. “Did you take steroids during winter break or what?”
Steve does not scream into his pillow when he gets home. Not at all. Not in the slightest.
But then, he wakes to Steve staring down at him with the same shock Tony feels.
“Wow. I must’ve missed out on a lot.”
“But you told Clint.”
Steve heaves another tired sigh, running his fingers through his hair. “For a genius, you’re so stupid.”
Tony cocks an eyebrow. “I wouldn’t have kissed you if I don’t. I don’t give out pity kisses. Even if they’re pecks.”
“Hey there, Avengers,” Bobbi says cheerily, striding over. Her face clouds for a brief moment when her eyes meet Clint’s. “Barton.”
Steve cocks an eyebrow in response. “I can’t what?”
Frankly, it’s not the weirdest thing that’s happened recently. For the past couple of weeks, their friends have been trying to push him and Tony together in the silliest ways, ranging from trapping them in a closet to stranding them in Savage Land.
It takes everything in Tony to not reach over. To cup his jaw in his hands. To not run his fingers through his hair. To not taste the sugar on his lips.
When Howard dies in a car crash, Steve almost,
What's surprising is Tony's reaction. The Tony in front of them can’t be the same Tony who has to be dragged or hauled out of his workshop for meals or gatherings, let alone galas and big parties. For him to willingly agree to be set up on blind dates by his friends is a huge breakthrough.
“Here,” she says, thrusting a slice of red velvet cake towards him and it’s not fair that she’s playing dirty. He could never say no to red velvet.
“So,” Steve says after a brief moment. “You’re not into Johnny?”
Tony gasps. “Ex
That answer terrifies and raises Steve's hopes up.
Thor puffs his chest like the arrogant Asgardian he is. “Well, I am a god. It is to be expected.” Steve barely suppresses a snort. “It is good to see you both in good health, especially the good captain.” His grin broadens, trained on Steve. “Though he doesn’t seem to feel the same.”
Once, Howard lets Tony invite Steve over for a party.
“Of course—”
“Uh, yeah. Clint ordered Indian for everyone but blueberry pie, you know. Craving it. And I figured you’d want to tell along since you love pie too.” Tony frowns. “Unless you want to invite someone else—”
“You’re not going to wear someone else’s ring.”
Steve shrugs, loosening his grip on the balcony railing. “Just needed to get some air.”
“I have orders, Tony!” Steve retorts. “I’m a soldier. Everyone was sworn to secrecy. I couldn’t just—”
Hearing his name out of Cap’s mouth now sounds different. It isn’t the stiff and disapproving baritone that Tony’s used to hearing from him. It’s warm and gentle. Just like how Steve used to say his name.
“So?” Tony echoes in disbelief. “What do you mean ‘so’?”
The grin Steve’s sporting begins to slide off his face as his eyes drift down to Tony’s lips, darkening with what Tony imagines is desire. Which doesn’t make any sense because well, it’s Steve. In what world would Steve want him? Desire him?
Steve rears back in alarm. “Of course not! Why would I joke about something like that?”
Steve’s eyelids flutter shut. “I love you.”
Well, it was until a couple passed them by, their fingers brushing and their heads bent together as they giggled softly to themselves.
Tony’s cheeks flush. “Um, the flecks. In your eyes. There’s a bit of gray in them. I never realized.”
One morning, Steve wakes to find out everything he’s exhibited the night before has been sold.
Until now.
“You too.”
“Of course they are. You're stunning.”
Iron Man, who’s shooting straight for the wormhole, a nuke on his back.
“Fuck you, Howard,” he says as he slams the door shut behind him.
With a deep breath, he lays down, sinking lower and lower until all he hears is silence.
A swell of pride for Natasha courses through him. She got him good.
“You’re on.”
“Good! Everyone’s good. My dad sends his regards.” She rubs the back of her neck. “I, uh… I was wondering if I could ask you a question.”
“My eyes are up here, Cap.”
Natasha silences him with the Glare. Steve should not be deterred by the Glare. He’s Captain America, after all.
Once again, Tony outdoes himself, dressed in a T-shirt-blazer combo, along with dark jeans and dress shoes. Steve isn’t sure whose idea it is but he hates them for it and he hates everything about this situation,
Judging by the looks the rest of the team sends Steve and Tony for the rest of the meal, Tony has a feeling that he’s been set up.
Steve gulps. He had more to say, to tell Tony, to declare. But after Tony interrupted him, all the words he’s been wanting to say shrivels up.
“Uh, sure.” Steve’s eyes trail over to the person next to him, almost freezing at the sight of Tony clad in a black tank top. And judging by the light sheen on his tanned skin and the way the cloth clings to his lithe frame, he must’ve been down in the workshop before this.
“That’s one thing but I—” Tony laughs, running his fingers through his hair. Steve has never wanted something as much as he wants Tony right now. “I thought you were straight.”
“Could’ve been mates?”
“Uh…”
“Ten months,” she corrects. “And no. I don’t think so. Don’t get me wrong. He was great and what we had was great but he’s not over you.”
Steve inwardly sighed. Judging by Tony’s tone, Steve wouldn’t be getting an answer out of him. Or at least one that was coherent.
“But worth it, right?”
“Settling in in one of the guestrooms. Hope that’s okay with you.”
Steve scowls. “Hey. That’s my bloodsucker you’re talking about.”
Tony groans, wiping his face with his grease-stained hands. “Fuck! I can’t believe I— JARVIS! Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Wait,” Bruce says during breakfast. Tony had been whisked away to a shareholder meeting, leaving the other five alone. “Aren’t you two married?”
Watching Tony’s retreating form had left Steve feeling cold. It shouldn’t. He’s used to Tony cutting things short with him to handle things related to Stark Industries.
“We should walk,” Steve murmurs, his eyes drifting up to the night sky. “It’s a nice night out.”
If Tony knows Steve, if he knows Captain America, he will follow.
“I’m not jealous over that. Not anymore, anyway. Endgame Steve—”
, he thinks as he encloses the sketch with his own letter.
“Wow. That takes me back. JARVIS, could you turn the lights off?”
He winces.
Then again, so does Tony. He shouldn’t be annoyed with Steve doing the same. It’s only natural to wear them since they're living in a city mostly populated by humans.
“They do, in this case.”
“We’re toys,” Steve points out.
Tony chews on his bottom lip, hoping Sharon and Jan would come back from the bathroom right now. If both of them didn’t need to go to the bathroom, he wouldn’t be stuck in this situation.
He won’t deny everything that’s happened – the hurt Steve has caused him, the way he fell off the wagon because of a broken heart, the destructive vices he picked up to numb his pain. That happened to Tony and there’s nothing he can change about that.
“I know—”
He's nursed this feeling the moment she agrees to let Clint go first without a fight. Being the accomplished spy that she is, she’s definitely going to set Tony up with someone that he’ll fall head over heels for. Someone who’s Tony’s match in every way possible.
“I wasn’t thinking that.”
Steve rolls his eyes, wrapping his arm around Tony’s waist and pulling him close. “We figured you guys would just hound us about it.”
“—with me, Tony! Tony—”
And just like that, the bubble pops.
“Tell me,” Tony begins, when the food is polished and the waiter has disappeared with his credit card. “When did it happen?”
The fact that Tony tried to propose to Steve moments ago doesn’t help matters.
“Tony? Turn around.”
Steve’s lips part, his mouth dry. It’s a wonder that he could even open his mouth. “You should’ve said something,” he mumbles, taking tentative steps forward, to close the distance between them. “Before.”
“C’mon,” Natasha says, magically appearing in his workshop at three am like the ninja she is, “we’re watching Star Trek.”
Steve has to refrain from doing a happy dance.
But every time he steps outside, all he can see is Steve, in every single face, in every single place and he thinks,
“I, uh… I needed to shower.”
“Let me guess. They were a hit.”
But then, Endgame Tony happened.
While he still isn’t big on the whole thing, there’s something about people socializing outside their usual group that does something to his heart. Like Clint and Scott bickering over the kitchen counter, their arms flailing in the air. Or Drax, Quill, and Thor chugging down cans and cans of beer. Or even Bruce, Rocket, and Reed chatting with plates of food in their hands.
Tony tries to not let himself hope. “But—”
They play like this for a while. Tony leads him through several nursery rhymes, with Steve following not far behind. It’s nice. Sweet. Soothing. Domestic.
Tony never thought the May air could feel this frigid.
Steve sucks in a breath, pushing away that thought. That thought might be even worse than knowing that Tony would never love him in the way Steve wants him to.
“So? It isn’t against the rules!”
Steve’s eyes are glistening, his lips parting in awe. Tony wants to kiss it off his lips, to taste love and happiness, to know what it’s like to kiss someone who cherishes him the way he cherishes them.
“I had the right to know—”
“It’s fine,” Steve replies, waving the tongs around before plucking a cookie out of the jar. “Ma wouldn’t miss one.”
“The engagement. It’s fake. We’re not— We just found a ring on the sidewalk. Steve had the stupid idea to propose to me. As a joke. But then people saw us and started recording the whole thing and we— I—” He sighs. “It’s fake, okay?”
There’s a portal hovering over the city, creatures and beings pouring out of it.
hide you away.”
So like the idiot he is, Steve spends his time recalling the names and faces Natasha might possibly know and call upon.
Tony freezes. “Are you serious?”
Bruce’s pick is a woman named Jennifer Walters, one of the most sought-after lawyers in New York. She also happens to be Bruce’s own cousin.
She had shaken her head before leading him to the music room, sat him down next to her on the same stool he sits on now, and played this very song to him.
“The fewer people that know, the better.”
“You do know this is fake, right?” Tony says as he and Steve dig in.
“You have no right to be jealous. Carol’s my friend. I can have more than one friend, you know.”
Tony freezes, his fingers ghosting the keys. He slowly turns his head, meeting Steve’s startling blue eyes, eyes that tempt him to soar into and drown in at the same time.
“Hey, I can behave.”
“I’m so happy for you guys, Mr Stark. Captain Rogers. Oh, yeah. Captain Rogers, if you hurt Tony again, I’ll—”
Jan’s wonderful with Steve and Sharon. She smiles when she’s supposed to smile, laugh when she’s supposed to laugh, teases Tony at every chance she gets because she’s freaking Jan van Dyne.
That's the thing about Tony. He's always been too much. He feels too much, thinks too much, loves too much. People have left him because he's too much. It's no wonder Steve wouldn't look his way.
“She offered to help,” Steve finishes, feeling stupider and more embarrassed as seconds go by. “But why was she staying over? I’ve never seen her hanging around the mansion before.”
Steve pauses. “How—”
“Yeah?”
Tony barks out a laugh. “Not this time.”
“He didn’t tell you,” Natasha says. She doesn’t sound surprised. Tony hates the implication of it.
, he thinks.
“Then why was she—”
Thor's brow furrows. “Forgive me but I was under the impression that—”
“Tony Stark,” Sharon replies when he asks and suddenly all Steve wants to do is to take the next flight out to California, apologize for being cruel, and never let him slip away.
“Of course not!” Steve exclaims, a little affronted. “Why would I joke about something like that?”
A holographic trash can pops up in front of him. Steve crumples the virtual note into a ball and tosses it inside, deleting it.
“JARVIS?” he says, jumping into the elevator. “Work—”
His heart drops further into his stomach.
A lump forms in Tony’s throat.
“Still have that heart of ice, I see.”
“I do that all the time.”
“Time changes people,” Tony replies tiredly. “You know it’s the same for me, right? I might’ve hated you—”
Steve had felt the familiar fire, the one he’d feel in his chest whenever he heard Tony loathing himself or people speaking malicious lies about Tony, each and every one of that word untrue.
Unfortunately for Tony, it doesn’t end with Avengers Assemble.
Tony doesn’t know why they don’t. It’d make sense to. They’re all friends. They’d understand how stupid the whole thing is, even if Tony has to suffer at the hands of their teasing.
“We just ate.”
Tonight, he’ll make Steve forget about Barnes.
Steve cocks an eyebrow. “I doubt it’s not done.”
“Go where?”
“I’m good!” he replies. “I mean,
heads over to Tony’s side, pushing his cowl off as he settles down next to him.
Tony’s face molded into something akin to empathy. “Well even if it’s not her, you’ll find someone. Don’t worry about it. I mean, you’re Captain America.”
“Yeah.”
“Shame. I’ll never get to find out how you feel like clean-shaven.” A thought crosses Tony’s mind. “Unless—”
“It’s definitely not nothing,” Tony retorts, reaching forward again. “Your face is bruising—”
“That…we’re not dating.”
A lump forms in Steve’s throat. “How did you know it was me?”
Howard sighs. It’s the sigh Tony’s heard one too many times, a sigh that speaks a thousand words.
It’s a small one, tucked in a corner at a small gallery. A personal one by a Steve Rogers, about a love story for the ages that stood against time.
Steve has never heard of the restaurant, let alone seen it. It doesn't stop his mind from drifting though. He lets himself imagine Tony sitting opposite Jennifer with a lit candle between them, lets himself imagine violins and piano swelling in the background as they bend their heads together to share a laugh, lets himself imagine their faces and their lips inch closer and closer—
Kate side-eyes them and says, “Pfft. Knew that already. Pro-tip, don’t out your relationship to one of the biggest blabbers in the tri-state area.”
Tony files that information away for later. He’s one step closer to having a mental breakdown and processing the revelation that Steve’s bisexual wouldn’t help matters.
A thought crosses Tony’s mind. He flips Steve onto his back, catching Steve by surprise. Judging by his dilated pupils, it’s also a turn-on. Tony makes a mental note to do it again next time.
“I mean, you seem to have impeccable taste. And all of them are amazing—”
“I’m guessing you can. Super-hearing and all.”
“You don’t know how often I hope that you’re okay,” he says quietly. “That you’re alive. And I’m glad you’re alive. I really am. But it hurts knowing that you still hate me.”
Steve ignores the swell of disappointment brewing in his stomach. “She’s great.”
Steve would be like acrylic – stiff, flat, and static. They are never meant to be in each other’s orbit.
Tony dressing up for a casual outing with Steve is nothing new. But there’s something about this outfit that does funny things to Steve’s chest, something about that azure shirt and that blazer that’s a couple shades darker, something about the fact that there’s barely any grease or coffee stains marring his clothes.
Tony smirks. “Why, Rogers. Eager for dirt, are you?”
Someone’s calling his name. It sounds familiar and distant. Tony moves to open his mouth, to answer back. All he can do is gasp for breath.
Then again, Steve supposes five years is better than another seventy. He doubts he can go through all that again, of the possibility of losing his loved ones to time. Not to mention the fact that the reason he even lost those five years is because of Monica Rappaccini. Monica who was once on the Avengers’ side (or he supposes, used them for her own needs), who captured him to harvest his blood, who kept him hidden from the world for five years. Just the thought of her sends him reeling.
But he’s never thought it’ll ever happen. Tony fucking Stark shouldn’t know of Steve’s existence. Tony fucking Stark, son of one of the richest people on the planet and one of the most popular kids at school, shouldn’t know of scrawny, weak Steve Rogers’ existence.
Natasha’s gaze softens. “Are you really sure they’re together?”
Steve rolls his eyes, clasping his hands together. “Well now that’s all cleared up, how about taking your helmet off? I’m dying to know how your lips feel.”
“Friends,” Tony agrees, spreading his hands out.
“Go where?”
“—and maybe fall in love—”
“You were always good enough for me.”
Steve's probably misjudging Johnny’s character. He did the same to Tony once upon a time, after all. But it’s a struggle to look past his bias this time when one: Steve doesn’t have the pleasure (or displeasure) of living with Johnny, two: Johnny seems determined of proving Steve right, and three: Tony seems to prefer Johnny over Steve in terms of romance. Just hearing Tony defend Johnny with such heat, such determination, makes his stomach clench.
Tony sighs, watching the smoke dissipate into the air. “I’m sorry too.”
Tony snorts. “Don’t play dumb. You hate me.”
Steve blinks, stilling. “Why would— Oh.”
That’s how he winds up in front of one of Steve’s paintings. It’s one of Steve’s comic book characters but painted in glorious red and gold acrylic. Like all of his art, it’s a masterpiece. Tony has to refrain himself from stepping over and running his disgusting fingers all over them.
“You know,” Steve interrupts wryly, “I’m starting to wonder if you even read my diary.”
Tony purses his lips, his eyes twinkling with mischief. “What can I say? I like watching you blush.”
“I have to go,” Steve mumbles before dashing off, shrugging off the calls from his friends.
Tony’s laugh rings in his ears. “You’re a fucking asshole.”
“You meant that right?” Tony begins.
But now, things have changed. They have changed.
Tony chuckles, clapping Johnny on the shoulder. “He probably thought he was looking at the mirror.”
A last resort like—
Clint smirks, dropping his cards onto the coffee table to rest his hands behind his head. “I mean, am I right or am I right?”
“Can we play that song?” he asks, his voice barely a whisper. “The one you were singing just now?”
“Yup,” Steve echoes brightly, making Tony’s heart sink. “The best.”
It’s times like these that Tony wishes he wasn’t born into this life, a life that neither Steve nor Captain America would never, ever see himself in.
“No, she’s right,” Natasha interrupts. “You forgot to give Steve his other present.”
“I know. I just… I’m a coward, Nat. Tonight’s the perfect time for me to gauge how Steve feels about me without me telling him about my feelings in detail and embarrassing myself and not be the laughing—”
Steve smirks.
He has so much to tell, to tell him he's Iron Man, to tell him how much Tony loves him, how they’ve wasted so much time, how they’ll never get the chance, that the last couple of years have been the best years of his life.
“She used to own an apartment downtown but back when the gang disbanded, I convinced her to move out since she’s hardly around on Earth. It gets lonely sometimes, you know? So whenever they’re in town, she and Rhodey come to stay with me.” Tony flashes him a meaningful look. “Carol and Rhodey, who happen to be dating each other by the way.”
to be a joke.
Steve’s lips curl into a smirk. “You’re on, Air Force.”
Steve deepens his grin, a grin that Tony could only describe as wolfish. “I mean, we’ve gotten this far, haven’t we?”
Captain America would’ve wrinkled his nose in disdain and chastise him for smoking. At least, after reading up on modern healthcare and diseases. Steve Rogers would’ve plucked it from his fingers, slipped it between his lips, and offer to light Tony’s.
Steve nods, his head frantically bobbing like his Funko counterpart when Funko Tony kissed him that one time. “Yeah. I meant that you weren’t supposed to hear that and I didn’t mean to say it since you’re in love with Kamala’s Endgame Steve and—”
“Good. Very good.” Tony tosses his wrench onto one of the worktables before heading for the door. “Fuck, fuck. Okay, okay. See you later, bald brain—”
“Clint’s a liar. You know you should never trust him to speak the truth.”
Carol turns her head to the side. “It’s a hypothetical question, Tony.”
“You okay, man? You look like you just saw a ghost.”
Tony couldn’t even bring himself to care. After all, he’s engaged to the man he’s been in love with for years and his fiancé loves him back.
Maybe that’s it. Maybe Tony finds him boring. Attractive (
anesthesia.
Tony’s already dressed down and flipping through holograms when Steve drops into the workshop with a couple of mugs of hot vanilla.
Sucking in a breath, Tony’s eyelids fall shut as he crosses his arms on the balcony railing, all the moments that’s happened in the last couple of hours flooding his brain.
His crush, who doesn’t know about his existence, is going to be standing in front of him in a second and he
“Um, thanks.” He clears his throat, fighting off the urge to bury his head in the nearest hole. “I guess. I think. Um—”
It was not fun. At all.
Tony does a double-take at that. “Seriously?”
The last thing Steve expects to see when he comes home from his evening run is Tony Stark tangled up in a mountain of Halloween lights.
If Steve thought Tony’s eyes were already as wide as saucers, they get even bigger somehow, his cheeks flushing crimson.
Tony nods, grinning. “Really.” He gives Steve a light punch on the shoulder. “See? It all worked out. You finally got me back.”
Especially since Clint's setting Tony up with Clint's ex.
“You did ask,” Steve says. “I can go on, you know. There are so many things that have happened here.”
“Yup. It was.”
“You’re playing with your hands,” Steve points out. “You’re still tinkering, if you ask me.”
Tony exhaled, sounding resigned. “Just get me out of here.”
“You know what? Let’s get married.”
And at the center of it all – his mother’s grand piano.
“Care Bear—”
For a moment, Tony doesn’t move. Doesn’t open it. Doesn’t read it.
They speak again only when their plates are empty and when Tony’s on his third whiskey glass.
“Yeah.”
Because Steve's going to do it. He's going to ask Tony out. And if Tony turns him down, he'll take it in stride and move on. He's done it before and he can do it again.
Steve bristles at that. “Of course not. I just— I just didn’t know you like men.”
With those words, Steve’s world is turned upside down once again.
“Told you.”
“I was teasing you. There’s a difference.”
“There’s a lot of harm!” Steve insists. “A lot of harm in—”
“Neither did you,” Steve counters. “I mean, that is. if you even like me. I don’t want you to marry me because you don’t—”
The paparazzi and fans seem to have caught on to their routines. They swarm Avengers Tower like vultures. Steve and Tony barely make it out of Avengers Tower alive, only escaping when Steve scoops Tony into his arms and makes a run for it.
“Anthony—”
“So, you smell like a fucking brewery.”
With that, every toy in the vicinity hustles over to the toybox reluctantly, muttering and grumbling under their breath. The only two people who don’t seem to mind are Peter, who flashes them both a thumbs-up in turn and a soft and assuring smile from Natasha. Tony’s heart warms at the sight of them.
Kate snickers into her hand.
His favorite diner is now a bank. Most of his classmates have moved away. Everything is too clean, too cold, too much.
It doesn’t make sense. Before this, Tony had been on the brink of death and his repulsor pump was almost empty. How could he feel fine now? The only reason he could think of is that someone recharged while he was unconscious.
He barely registers the words shooting out of his mouth, only that he’s met with peals of laughter. Since Steve’s chortling around and pinning Tony with a fond smile, Tony counts it as a win.
Bobbi breaks into a grin. “Heard these mother hens were trying to find you true love, Mr Stark.”
Steve cuts in, his curiosity getting the better of him. “Recognize you?”
Bruce arches an eyebrow. “Do you want me to Hulk out on you?”
Tony opens his mouth, a retort on the tip of his tongue. The alarms go off.
), grew out a gnarly beard, and goes by the name of ‘Nomad’. Steve’s a toy. It’s not like Tony could begrudge him.
Thankfully, Tony saves him. “I’ll get him out of your hair then,” he assures before turning back to Steve. “I mean, if you want to.”
dates.”
“Oh. That’s nice.”
Tony’s glower deepens as he zeroes in on Steve’s retreating back. “Fine. I’ll—”
Of course, without his friends but he’ll take what he can get. It's Tony, after all.
His heart skips a beat when Tony's lips are close to his. It's hard to ignore how kissable they are and how warm Tony’s calloused hand feels in his and how much he wants to—
Natasha reaches over to pluck a handful of fries off Sam’s plate, ignoring his protests. “There was still too much pining happening between you two. There shouldn’t be any pining involved between fiancés.”
Tony tells him about how business is booming, how he had to be the third wheel to Rhodey and Carol’s dates for the millionth time, that he’s on his way to meet a friend.
But then Steve remembers the last five years, five more years of his life wasted, and decides that this is it. He shouldn’t take this to his grave, take
Tony glances up from his tablet. “Done what?”
He drops his head onto Tony’s bare shoulder, nuzzling the crook of Tony’s neck. “And then I saw you. Met you as Cap. And I know me. I know the way I act around you. I could’ve given myself away if I acted the way I did.”
“Last I remembered, you hated parties.” Tony’s smile dims. “I mean—”
“Sure. Whatever you say.”
“The stocks?”
Steve grins against Tony’s lips. “I’m glad.”
Steve nods, squaring his shoulders in preparation for what Tony has to say. He doubts Tony would have anything bad to say. Then again, he’s been proven wrong before. Steve might have a crush on the guy for most of his life but he wouldn’t hesitate to fistfight Tony if he has to. Because no one—
It must’ve worked because her lips twist into a knowing smile. Steve doesn’t like the implication of that.
Sharon’ snickers, interrupting his train of thought.
“I mean, you’re usually flying or driving so—”
“Seriously, Tony. Just indulge me for a sec.”
Tony groans, burying his face in Steve’s neck. Steve runs his hand down Tony’s side, as if to comfort him. “You’re telling me that this whole thing was unnecessary?”
Plus, Steve’s a master tactician. He has superstrength, superhearing, able to heal quickly. What can Johnny do besides bursting into flames? If Tony wants skywriting written in fire, Tony could just build a machine that could—
But then Thor claps Tony on the back and regales the team with every instant Steve and Tony would wax poetic about each other and Sam shoves congratulatory cookies into his face and Bruce shows up to offer his congratulations and Tony just can’t bring himself to say anything. At least not yet.
Tony’s frown deepens. “No. I don’t. Because Cap’s
Tony’s eyes narrow. “What about Carol?”
Steve takes a long sip from his coffee, fighting off a wince at the scalding liquid. “Oh. Uh… He hasn’t mentioned you before.”
“Tony—”
“He seems happy.”
“What the hell?” Tony exclaims, staring at the empty space where Steve once stood. He cranes his neck above the ocean of people in for any sign of Steve. Somehow, he’s vanished into thin air.
And there they are in front of him, blonde and blue and beautiful and all-too perfect.
Endgame Steve nods, grinning.
Zola whirls around. “What is the—”
“Peachy,” Tony replies dryly. “Until you showed up.”
Fuck, he’s so stupid. He's so fucking stupid. He just can’t seem to keep his stupid mouth shut.
Just like that, everything breaks and before Tony knows it, tears are rolling down his cheeks and all he can taste is salt and his head hurts and he can’t stop, he just can’t stop—
“I don’t mind,” Tony blurts out. “I mean, we got the rings. And the team’s been calling us married for years now. Not to mention the fact that we’ve been in love with each other from the moment we met. And—”
A huge part of Steve is elated. Floating. Soaring. Because Tony meant what he said all those years ago. Because Tony isn’t Carol’s. Because Tony might actually love him back.
Sharon scoffs, thumbing her ponytail. “I just thought you should know first.”
Tony stills. “Excuse me?
Tony freezes, his next words dying on his lips. That’s unexpected. Super unexpected. Super unexpected to the point that he’s gaping like a fish for the next several moments.
Steve might've found the comparison amusing, if Johnny isn’t such a hot-headed brash asshole, a self-centered flirt who can’t, for the life of him, take anything seriously. In fact, Steve might've found Johnny tolerable or god forbid—
, Tony thinks hysterically.
He watches her step back inside, joining Natasha and Sue by the nacho bowl. She must’ve said something because their heads whip in Steve’s direction, their smiles a mirror of hers.
“You’re not straight?!”
Just like that, the moment’s ruined. Steve fights off the urge to roll his eyes.
A part of Steve knows that they’re trying to cheer him up and possibly distract him from thinking about Tony’s date. But it’s hard to focus on the movie and his friends’ colorful commentary when the space next to him is empty and all he can think about is
“Aw, man!”
Except for the making out part. That’s new.
“Aren’t you guys… You know.” Steve flails around helplessly because he’s an idiot. “Aren’t you guys dating?”
“I’m an idiot,” Steve chants to himself as he lets the waste cascade down his body. “I’m a huge freaking idiot.”
Tony leans forward. For a split second, Steve prepares himself to be kissed. But then, Tony veers to the side, tickling Steve’s ear with his breath.
Steve nods, lacing Tony’s fingers with his. His smile is fond when their gazes meet. “Yeah. Love at first sight.”
Tony starts at that. “Wait, really?”
“About time you kids came out with it,” Clint says between mouthfuls of cake. “Felt like you kids were taking forever to tell us.”
“I’m just getting your attention,” she replies, the perfect picture of innocence. “Nothing else.”
Since Steve’s identity is a secret, he doesn’t attend any of his exhibitions without a disguise. Neither does he do physical or verbal interviews.
The world spins madly on.
Steve’s cheeks darken. “JARVIS told me you needed some company. Led me here.”
“You do know there’s a perfectly functioning elevator, right?” Steve drawls out as Tony lands on the edge of the rooftop.
“So,” Clint begins, “trouble in paradise?”
Tony almost slumps in relief at the familiar voice behind him. The voice he’s been seeking out, been hoping to hear. He turns around, a quip ready on his lips—
Oh god. Oh fucking god. What has he done? What has he fucking done?
Maybe it’s the close proximity they’re in right now. Maybe it’s the ballad in the background or the soft smile Steve is flashing him or the intensity behind his gaze. Maybe it’s the impending union they have to fake again once the song’s winds to a close.
If that’s odd, things get much weirder.
“I know.”
“You are.”
Tony gasps, clutching his heart. “How dare them? I am a catch.”
“Now?” Steve squeaked, almost dropping his half-eaten hot dog.
“So, before we were so rudely interrupted,” Steve continues, “I was gonna say that I’d like that, you know. The date, I mean. I’d like that very, very much. Let me just head to the back and grab my stuff.”
A ghost who’s back to life and everything Steve loves and longs for.
“What? Something on my face?”
“You flatlined twice.”
And he does.
“I like you,” he breathes. “I like you so much. Too much.”
“Please. You love it.”
Steve really,
“And what if you’re wrong?”
Tony cocks an eyebrow as the G note echoes through the room. “Oh, so we’re doing this, huh?”
“I wanted—” Tony sighs, squeezing his eyes shut. “I
He rolls his eyes fondly. “What about you?”
Captain America gives a curt nod.
“You got expelled for me. You lied to Howard for me again and again. You ruined your future for me—”
Steve’s smile is blinding as he pulls him down onto his bare chest.
When they kiss this time, it’s as open-mouthed and unhurried as the last one. But it’s also sloppier and wetter. Their hands paw over exposed skin, tugging at their clothes, and then they’re tumbling onto the couch.
This is one of his favorites. Her favorite. It was the first song his mother played to him and taught him to play on the piano. It was their song.
“I think I have a pic or two—”
Tony chalks it up to a one-off thing. But no matter how many times they lie on opposite ends of the bed, they still wake up tangled the next morning.
, he thinks before pushing the thought away.
The footsteps approach. His heart thumps against his ribcage.
Well. That’s not the reaction Steve thought he’d get.
A knock on his door interrupts Steve’s train of thought. In a flurry of panic, he shoves the ring back in the drawer and dashes over to the door.
“Well,” Steve begins, raising his bottle of lemonade in the air, “here’s to five hundred years of friendship.”
Tony blinks. “Sure. Okay.”
“Me?” Tony squeaks. “Why the hell am I giving a speech?”
By the time Maria lets him go, Steve’s nowhere in sight.
Wishes.
Instantly, Steve’s pained expression morphs into fury. “Why the hell would you think I want to be anywhere but here?”
A guttural groan tumbles out of his lips as he buries his face in his hands. “Kill me now. Just kill me now.”
“You were still sore. It happens. I shouldn’t have pressured you to leave. I—”
Here he is on the brink of death and he can’t even say his goodbyes to people like Rhodey, like Pepper, like Jarvis.
Considering Tony and Hank’s hostile relationship at the moment, it’s obvious Hank says it for Steve’s benefit, which is fine since Tony doesn’t give a shit about Hank Pym.
It happens again and again and even when Howard herds Tony off to some party against his will, Tony finds some way to escape to Steve and all Steve could do is brace himself for the fall.
Tony scoffs. “C’mon, Nat. All of Kamala’s toys aren’t from the Civil War or Infinity War line. All her action figures are either from the first Avengers, Age of Ultron, or Endgame. So are her Funkos and Legos. And don’t get me started on her Tsum Tsums—”
“Why would I be jealous?”
Steve nods firmly.
“I don’t want to say ‘I told you so’,” Tony begins when Steve opens it. “But I told you so.”
Natasha rolls her eyes. “Alright, alright. Party pooper.” She pokes his shoulder before sauntering away. “C'mon, you big lug.”
“You’re the whole package too,” Steve interrupted.
Tony’s eyes snap open, whirling around to watch Steve shuffle over to his side.
“There you are,” Steve says, relief evident in his tone. “You ran off pretty quickly. I was worried about you.”
Tony nods tightly. “I mean, things are different now. I still have Rhodey and Jan. Mom. Pepper and Happy. And now the rest of the Avengers. But I needed my anchor, Steve. I needed the only person that made me feel real. Made me feel like I could be me. That I’m just Tony. That I’m just a fucking guy. And you’re still that person, you know. You still make me feel like I’m seven again playing fucking Pong in your bedroom under a tent we made out of your Captain America blanket.”
“What you mean 'why you'? I love you because you’re you. I didn't fall in love with your muscles and super strength and your spangled ass. I fell in love with your smile, your kindness, your compassion, your— I'm gonna shut up now before I say something dumber.”
Steve hums. “You don’t have to feed me to get me to talk, you know? You usually either poke me with a screwdriver or tickle me until I cave in.”
She kisses him on the cheek.
“My eyes,” Tony says in awe. “I like it.”
“Stop what?”
“You’re jealous.”
Maria’s glare hardens. Tony almost quakes in his shoes.
“Bye, guys.”
Just like that day they made that stupid marriage pact that’s been living in Steve’s brain for years.
“I doubt losing five times in a row is considered a fluke, Big Green— Ah!”
But then Tony remembers his place and makes a decision.
“You know why,” Natasha replies. Steve hates that he does. “You should ask Tony out.”
Maybe, maybe, maybe.
“You’re the one who insisted on ordering for me.”
“Convinced enough?” Steve murmurs against his faceplate.
And just like that, all the fire in Tony’s goes up in smoke.
“Oh?”
Tony slaps his face, his own face burning. “That fucking liar. I’m gonna—”
Heat begins to creep up Steve’s neck. “I know that now.
Tony nods solemnly. “I’m sorry.”
“You totally are! Sif, Bobbi, and Johnny mentioned that you kept glaring at them. Not to mention how rude you were to all of them. Bobbi was ready to throw hands. Sif and Johnny wouldn’t stop laughing about it.”
“I saw.” He reaches over to cover his hand with Tony’s. “Thank you.”
“Wow is right,” Tony agrees.
“Yeah. But I still hate that I did that.” Hank sighs, running his fingers through his hair. “I’d like to put it all behind us. Friends?”
“So…”
How could he think he could ever have a normal conversation with him and be okay? How could he let himself be close to him, be near to him when they’ve turned to strangers?
Tony snickers. “Hate to burst your bubble but there won’t be any wedding on the horizon between the both of us.”
They go to many places – diners at the break of dawn, art galleries on quiet weekdays, parks on noisy weekends. Tony’s favorite outings, however, are when they roam the streets aimlessly on nights.
His imagination has nothing on this kiss. Nothing at all.
Steve raises an eyebrow, a challenging glint behind his eyes. “Oh? So that’s how it is.”
He nods, unfastening his tie. Steve doesn’t stare at Tony’s skilled fingers working their way through the knot. Neither does he watch Tony pop the button of his collar, or his Adam’s apple bob or—
“Tell me what?”
As usual, Natasha subverts all of Steve’s expectations.
Tony can’t remember the last time he’s dreamt of her. Maybe back when he had a gaping hole in his chest in a cold dark cave, craving her embrace. Or maybe back when he was dying of palladium poisoning, dreaming of her beautiful smile as she beckons him home.
“Nice?”
He grows still, his fingers still wrapped around his watch strap.
“I can imagine,” Tony murmurs, brushing several stray locks away from Steve’s eyelids. “We’re going to have to talk about this. A long talk.”
The resounding slam coming from the bedroom door snaps Tony out of his reverie. It seems to do the same to Steve because his eyelids flutter rapidly, his cheeks darkening further.
“But planning to propose to Tony involves assuming too, right? Assuming he isn’t dating Carol.”
Tony could barely suppress the shiver that courses down his spine as Steve rests his palm on Tony’s waist.
“Because you’re going out with Tony,” She shoves a couple of shirts into his chest. “Here. Try these on.”
Steve’s standing in the lobby downstairs, dressed in a navy two-piece. It's an outfit Tony’s seen him in one too many times. And yet every time he lays his eyes on Steve, it feels like the first time.
“A Steve that’s from the Civil War line!”
“I’m fine.”
“Bucky and Sam. Nat, maybe.”
“They do get along,” she points out. “They’ve joked around and protected each other and—”
And when Steve finally sinks into him, Tony feels like his heart's going to burst with both happiness and anguish.
“Steve won’t laugh at you—”
“I’m not—”
Sometimes, they’d head to a bar and drink until they’re pink in the face. Other times, they’d go to a diner or a hole-in-a-wall. Both times, they’d talk about everything and nothing before Steve would fight him for the bill and offer to join him on his walk to nowhere.
It should feel at home. Tony’s grown up to the glitz and glam, even basks in it from time to time.
Steve pinches his side, expecting to wake to darkness and be drenched in cold sweat. He remains rooted on the helipad, meeting Storm's smirk.
He could still feel her skeptic gaze on him as he dashes off. Good thing she doesn't try pressing him for details. The last thing he wants to talk about is that he just lost Steve to a fucking ghost, anyway.
trying
“I know you got people to talk to. But you mind if I tag along? I’ll promise to behave.”
“What?”
It’s agonizing how wonderful it is to have Steve as his date. He’s polite but won’t hesitate to be firm with assholes. He holds him and kisses him and feeds him as a good fiancé does.
Natasha reaches over and gives Steve’s shoulder a light squeeze. “Then you’ll move on.”
Tony cocks an eyebrow. “Me?”
Tony doesn’t say anything for a long moment. “It’s a mess. The whole thing’s a mess. Imagine when everyone finds out that this is all fake. They’ll kill us.”
“Fuck.”
Tony smiles. “Thank you. You look splendid tonight yourself.”
“And Johnny said he’d set my stash of blueberries on fire,” Tony admits. “Plus, JARVIS kicked me out of the workshop so you know. That sealed the deal.”
Steve can barely pay attention to what JARVIS is saying, his right arm aching. Carol had put up a good fight. Hell, she was much better than Steve thought she’d be.
“So?”
A quiet snort tumbles out of Tony’s lips before he can stop himself.
Because this is Steve Rogers he’s talking to. Steve Rogers, one of the very few people he can be himself with. Steve Rogers, who’s one of his best friends. Steve Rogers, who he’s in love with.
A wide smile spreads across Carol’s face. It’s so big and bright and outright
“I don’t—”
Fortunately for both of them, Tony lands in Steve’s arms, albeit ungracefully. He flails around, steadying himself by clasping his arms around Steve’s neck.
to his grave. Not when Tony’s right here, not when he’s here, older and wearier but as beautiful as the last time bright brown eyes met his.
“I was being stupid last week.”
Tony’s gaze strays from her face, scanning around the room.
getting free (but embarrassing) compliments from Steve? A win all around.
“I could kiss you right now if you want.”
“Oh you know,” Tony replies airily. “Just needed a breather. You know how annoying people can be sometimes.”
“He’s not—”
Whenever Tony brings up the M-word, Steve freezes up. This time is no different.
