“You’re serious, aren’t you?” He asked incredulously. Sherlock answered by raising a brow. John then huffed and proceeded to recite what little of the chapter he could recall, which wasn’t much. John was apparently under the assumption that Vasopressors were used to increase bladder function.
“If you want it to last or not. I’m pretty much ready to shoot off just looking at you, if you’re going to fuck yourself on my prick, I need to know so I can warn you when it comes.”
Sherlock looked at John in dramatic confusion, as if to ask 'What could they possibly be doing that's taking so long?' John shrugged easily. Sherlock jammed his hands into his coat pockets impatiently and paced the pavement in agitation. They stood back from the road on the pavement, silent, petulant, until word came down from Greg that it was clear.
"What did we just agree on?" He managed. "The police are still around the bloody corner, you pervert."
Laila groaned dramatically and pulled her mobile from her coat as she stomped off, cutting Sherlock’s rambling, incoherent explanation short. He wanted to yell after her but there was no time. He had to find John.
"Unless that's something you're interested in, and then maybe. Though perhaps it would be best if you got on my back. I'm not sure you could coordinate running with my height and weight-"
John briefly wondered if Sherlock had felt ignored as well since John had started dating Laila but quickly dismissed the idea. On more than one occasion he’d asked Sherlock out with his group of friends, only to be strongly and undeniably turned down. If he wanted attention, he only had to ask. John was more than willing to give it, in whichever way that Sherlock wanted or needed.
He received a frown at that. “Not too badly aimed.” John reached out, like he wanted to touch Sherlock’s cheek, but Sherlock stepped away quickly and John’s hand fell back.
She assured him it was taken care of but he insisted, so she let him help set the kettle up, all the while chatting amicably like two old mates. It was hardly a two person job, making tea, but it seemed John no longer wanted to be in the same room with Sherlock. He wasn’t sure what had happened exactly but it angered him that he was even bothered about it. He wasn’t supposed to want John’s attention, and he’d seemed to have forgotten that fact in the man’s presence.
Sherlock nodded and turned his hand over, but he kept glancing at other points of John’s body, his eyes, mouth, shoulders, even his hair. John didn’t know whether to continue to be annoyed or inappropriately flattered.
He smiled in delight, which was both beautiful and disturbing. It transformed his face from near childlike to what would be bloody devastating in a few years; as if it wasn’t already.
John growled. “Can ecstasy do this?” He asked and moved down to latch onto that long neck. He sucked hard, carded his hands into those dark curls and tugged just hard enough to tease.
Offended, John glanced down at his attire. A warm looking cardigan in solid crimson buttoned over a checkered blue and white button-up shirt. His dark blue jeans hugged his thighs just so, enough to water Sherlock’s mouth uncontrollably. Same sensible brown loafers as always.
“I can’t believe we’re smoking your landlady’s weed. There’s a circle in hell for that, too, I’m sure.”
an acceptable reason to stay, wasn’t there? Could he really leave Sherlock to his own devises? Knowing what he was capable of, not just exploding the flat, but possibly doing irreparable damage to his mind… These were
“You know what look. You’re thinking of behaving like an arse to get a rise out of me, and it’s not on. Don’t even try it.” They stared each other down for another second. “Sherlock,” John growled, “promise me.”
That seemed to do wonders for John’s cock, as he groaned, his forehead fell to Sherlock’s collarbone and they were both laying heavily against the door.
“I’ve dropped men more indignant than you with both hands tied behind my back,” he casually boasted. He looked at the son and whispered, “It’s true, just last week, in fact, a high ranking Israeli official paid me to- “
They turned collectively to the closest officer, who, noticing the sudden attention, meandered over.
It gets quiet, both men in their own heads, but still very much together. John worries very little about Mary and the future, which he knows is wrong and he should be wracked with guilt, but here, in this moment with Sherlock, he can’t be arsed to care. He supposes Sherlock is worrying enough for both of them but John will just have to prove his sincerity with time and great, sweaty bouts of love making. It will be a slow process but he’s willing to put in the hours. A snort escapes at this thought.
“Really,” Sherlock processed aloud, “so why the, uh, hmm…” His train of thought ran off when John nudged gently at Sherlock’s hip with his still clothed erection.
“I’m an addict, John,” he snapped back. “I was before we met, during our ridiculously long courtship, and I still am today. Probably will be until the day I die.  If you weren’t going to help with the sex, I shifted the craving. It seemed like a good idea at the time.”
Sherlock shook his head to clear it. “It’s not,” he soothed. “It will help with your cognitive recollection as well as help you visualize exactly what I’m trying to explain as we go over certain aspects.”
, his conviction screamed, but the evidence spoke for itself. As soon as John made it to the doorway, their eyes connected.
But when she’d learned he was currently unemployed, she’d not run for the hills, so John had assumed Bill was wrong.
“You need his help,” John finished. Lestrade grunted his reluctant agreement and Sherlock sneered, though neither man was watching to see it. “Is he well enough to move?”
Sherlock made an inarticulate noise, a whinge he wasn’t afraid to admit at this point; John merely laughed. He squeezed Sherlock’s wrists in his grasp once, pressing them into the mattress as if to say ‘be still’. Sherlock obeyed, but just barely. He was curious as to John’s plans.
He brought his left hand back up and gently cupped Sherlock’s cheek. He ran a reverent thumb over one porcelain cheekbone and smiled.
John reacted to her voice as if shocked, and Sherlock was amazing to find they had been holding hands through the entire conversation. The brief moment was shattered as John wrenched his hand away as if horrified to have found it there.
John threw his hands up. “See! That’s what I’m talking about. Why does no one ever think of these things?” He was thrilled Sherlock agreed, as he was adamant that this future never come to pass, and it felt good to have that validation.
John stooped down to tie his shoe, and good that he did, else he might have missed it. Sherlock’s hand that was, as it gracefully snaked into Greg’s coat pocket as he passed and then slipped seamlessly into his own. He didn’t catch what Sherlock had grabbed, Greg's badge again most likely.
“No, not that I’m aware. My mother would surely say she wished I had been, if only so she’d have somewhere to return me too.”
John can’t help but laugh at that. “Almost forgot who I was cuddling with. Thanks for the reminder.”
John was suddenly very glad Sherlock had rolled another joint, because the rain seemed to have washed away any lingering buzz he’d maintained. And of course the man was right about there being no one in sight.
“Molly? She thinks I’m mysterious… or something, I don’t know. Why? Worried I’ll corrupt an innocent?” Sherlock cocked that damn eyebrow at John, as if he were being strange, which he was.
John blinks and opens his mouth too apologize for the berk but from halfway to the road already Sherlock shouts his name again.
“Your Major, I presume?" She asked John with another smile, one that allowed that John was right about the man showing up.
Mycroft sat and pulled a cigarette from his breast pocket, which took a bit from Sherlock’s sails. “You’d just reached Acton when I was made aware.” He handed the cigarette over, putting his own to his lips, before materializing a lighter.
The angle changes and suddenly Sherlock is going deeper, practically licking the back of John’s mouth, and it’s so good. It is
. “Oh, no, it’s not going to be a spectacle or anything. I was just kind of in shock at first, so I didn’t get a chance to really speak my mind.”
Sherlock's POV. This chapter went significantly longer than the previous. No excuse for it, it's one of those mysteries of the universe, just go with it. This is where all the smut is anyway, so I'm sure there are no complaints.
“Of course,” he agreed with a smile. The Ferris wheel was fairly innocuous as far as rides went. Anything quicker might aggravate his shoulder and leg.
"I think I'm actually being extremely sensitive and helpful, actually, and I'd like some credit, if you don't mind."
“Damn right.” John squeezes his hand. “I’m not near done with you. Blow jobs in the shower. I want you to bend me in half in this chair and fuck me until I can’t see straight. Then I’m going to put you over that bloody kitchen table and pound into you till you scream. We’ll wait until Mrs. Hudson is out and then fuck in the entryway, on the stairs maybe…”
Sherlock gasped, either at the idea or the sensation of John’s fingers toying with him through his trousers; he didn’t know, didn’t care.
“It’s up to you. I’m sure you’ve got better things to do than wait around for me to get x-rayed. I just thought it made sense, since I have to swing by your place again anyway for my stuff.”
Sherlock frowned as John walked over, picked his pants up off the floor, and put them back on. “You never asked any,” he informed the man.
"This could work," Sherlock mused happily, with a wicked little shifting of his hips to punctuate his contentedness at the position.
A sigh could be heard and then a warm, wet flannel was swiping gently across his back, down to his arse and back up.
John panicked for a moment, not sure if Sherlock would follow or not. Surely he would know John had followed if he walked directly back to the table to find John missing.
John blinks stupidly at the dash. “Yes, I know. How…” He feels the first frisson of uneasy skate down his spine. “Have you been following me?”
As Lestrade pulled away and the cart jerked forward, John moved to brace himself on the seat but his hand fell instead on Sherlock’s thigh. He pulled back faster than Sherlock could react, but the touch left Sherlock suddenly aware of the heat radiating all along his left side where John was pressed against him. John hung onto the handlebar on his right and steadfastly refused to look at Sherlock for the entirety of the ride, but he couldn’t help being so close in the too-small seat. It was dark, with only the passing streetlights and occasional window to illuminate the path, yet Sherlock could see John’s anxiety. The fact that he couldn’t deduce its source drove him mad. Was it being pressed against Sherlock, touching even if through several layers of clothing, or was it the case? Sherlock had assumed John would relish the chance to be useful in something as exciting as a missing person but maybe he wasn’t cut out for it…
Sherlock was watching him. Always watching him. John went into the bunk room in the back and laid down in one of the four bunks. He'd sleep now and get up when someone else wanted to sleep.
So, John said, "Oi, you can quit tearing the place apart. You've seen the only picture from my glorious years at Mary Magdalene School for Omegas." He shrugged. "It's no big secret. I hit puberty and you know how going through pseudo heat hits some Omegas hard."
"No, we weren't prepared," said John, who was really beginning to feel as if the crash landing had been the high point of the day.
John grumbled. Bashir said, "Be careful with that book." The guard sneered at him and dropped the vid-book into a storage box, which was placed on a shelf.
"But," Mummy looked at Grandfather and Chin. "That's terrible. That means something made them leave their children behind. I don't know what I would have done if I hadn't been able to bring Connor. What could possibly have made me leave him." Mummy pulled away from Chin and hugged Connor. Kissed his cheek. "I love you."
Amazing Sparkles got the most wonderful sparkle to their blue eyes, as they out their hand. Snow Sparkles handed Amazing Sparkles the tricorder, who turned a setting that put out a high frequency that had everyone in the room clutching their ears. But after ten seconds, the door opened.
She giggled, because Mycroft hadn't known Gomtuu could do that. Gomtuu sang her the song of a star when she shared the images of what had happened. Purple squiggle green meant Gomtuu wouldn't let her be put back in her cage. Not now that they'd found each other.
As if Sherlock hadn't stayed away from John when he was giving birth to their Primus so they could avoid being near each other during John's postpartum heat, because John hadn't wanted to get pregnant again so soon. His face fierce when he made Sherlock promise to stay away for at least a week no matter what. That meant Sherlock had missed his only opportunity to see Primus before Mummy took them away.
A historical example that the other Alignments could be clever when they wished. No need now that they had their 23
This was a little unusual, according to Hudson. "It says that the reasoning is that with so many personnel up for their five year re-enlistment, Command wanted personnel at headquarters to handle the assignment coordination. But I would encourage everyone to remember that for any organization with more than two people, politics are involved." She looked at John and Sherlock. "Under these circumstances, it might not be amiss to tidy up any mission reports with gaps or so there isn't a way to add any additional commendations for missions well done."
John eyed the cup of wine. It smelled like wine. The tricorder said it was wine. He did not trust the wine. Especially given that according to his medical tricorder, Dionysus was an ordinary intersex Human being.
Jovas was sitting near the fire with the spent boom stick. It's end soot black and cracked. Kenner glared at the door.
That put a needle of resentment through her for Sherlock's freedom. But when she'd posed the question to Mother, they had merely looked coolly enigmatic at Chin and failed to explain anything. So, as Donovan had been fond of saying, "All fucked up, situation normal."
It was a pleasant surprise to run into Commodore Lestrade when he and Sherlock went to see "Much Ado About Nothing" in Stratford.
Even after ending up getting a Bakerstreet dozen worth of knocked up on Omega IV, yet another parallel Earth through yet another dimensional fissure.
"A resort. Oh, excellent. I do like to think of it that way. Now," Frankland said looking at Sh'Alaack, "some of the machinery is quite delicate. One of a kind. Nothing like you're used to up on a starship. Oh, no. Nothing like a starship. Although, I hear the Bakerstreet is quite uniquely fitted out itself. Holo emitters all over the place. But I digress. Acheron here," he waved at a stone faced Human in blue scrubs, "can take you down to the generator level." Sh'Alaack left with Acheron while the Humans in blue scrubs unloaded the supplies for the colony.
It was the easiest thing in the world to shimmy out of their clothes. Grin at Sherlock as he ordered lube from the replicator. Took him apart without being on sex pollen. Nothing more than lube and his cock.
"With our friends on the Bakerstreet," insisted John, who felt they needed to have some semblance of a ceremony. "I get the impression they've been trying to push us out of the nest for the last week."
John stepped into the lift designed to look like a rock face until the doors opened and revealed the white interior, which looked a bit out of place on the green hillside, but the entire location was manufactured. A fact that was further emphasized as they shot down hundreds of meters.
"Put that down," said Stonn, emotion making his voice waver. "The Horta are an intelligent species. We have already done so much damage to their people. Killed so many of them. The Horta should have been protected under Federation law. This world should not have been designated for colonization."
As they lay there, Sherlock's arms came around John, gripping his tightly, holding them together. Until finally letting go, blushing, looking at the ground. He said, "The afternoon is over. I have to go back. Now that I've… that I… have a specialty… they'll put me to work." His glance up was a challenge.
Eventually, Harry would be released to the Baskerville penal colony, which based on Sherlock's research claimed to be a place where rehabilitated criminals were placed in a soothing agrarian setting far from the stresses of modern existence where their progress could be passively observed in a secure climate controlled location until the terms of their release were met.
Hardly mattered. Too soon they were out of a hatch into a rounded space of a space dock that looked almost as if it had been grown rather than built. No straight lines, but curving ridges that made him think of ribs. He wasn't Khel to recognize architecture on sight, but given the number of armored Breen walking between docking pads, he had to think they were on a Breen station.
Therefore, he was unprepared when he walked into the holodeck onto a stage in an auditorium. Behind him on the wall was a monitor displaying his monograph on Vacuuvita forms with his particular observations on Gontuu.
He slams the door behind them and parks his arse on the bonnet. Mitch leans up against the driver’s side door and starts apologizing for not patting them down when he found them. Miller doesn’t seem to care, he waves Mitch off as he pulls his mobile and makes the call to Oliver, or so John assumes.
John squirmed in his seat and apparently decided to go the coward’s route. His eyes slipped up and away as he continued, “You’re so young, I mean. I feel like I’m being coached by a foetus.”
John imagines he and the mobster share twin expressions of bewilderment, but where as the mobster likely isn’t sure if he wants to shoot Sherlock or punch him, John instead is busy trying to figure out why he’s still falling head over heels for this man. Pure insanity.
John squeezed his eyes shut and dug his blunt nails into white skin. "You'll be the death of me. I'll never survive."
He should have known they wouldn’t have just one glass. By John’s count they had been sitting at something like five apiece when one of them, he couldn’t remember who, decided it was a brilliant idea to upend the whole bottle of scotch into the bottle of Coke, and so they could just passing it back and forth from their spots on the sofa.
“What is it, John? Should I be worried?” She spoke so softly, like a fragile bird in fear of being crushed.
Sherlock sent him a frown. “What’s more important, John, your lumbar support or stopping a man from kidnapping teenage girls and selling them into sexual slavery?”
She smiles back, still nervous but more comfortable with herself in her welcome. "You probably don't remember me but I've never had a chance to say thank you for what you did for my mum and me and I just..." She toys with her bracelets and chews on her cheek. John takes the opportunity to puzzle out her story from his memory. A client, clearly, but he's having a hard time placing her. She's tall, taller than John, with dark skin and wide eyes. He'd place her age at around eighteen or nineteen, in sort of a punk phase, if her blue braids and nose ring are anything to go on.
Somehow, and later he would reflect on how it was possible, each slap seemed to rebound and intensify, building on each other. The feeling built and built until Sherlock was gasping, crying out John’s name.
"How could I what?! Get married to my fiancée?! Are you listening to yourself? You helped plan the whole thing!"
John leant over him as he was busy planning and shut the desk lamp off. When he settled again, he whispered to Sherlock in the darkness, “What if I sang you to sleep?”
"I speak six languages fluently, at least three more passably. You can take your pick, I'll teach you anything you want to know. Or how about sciences? You're not bad with chemistry, I could teach you to help with my experiments. Would you like that? I would love to share that with you. Perhaps you'd be less inclined to throw them out if you were more involved, hmm?"
“I thought you knew!” John snapped. “I thought you’d figured me out months ago, were just being polite, letting me get away with denying it.”
He ignored her condescending tone and leaned in to whisper, “Haven’t you heard? I’ve got a real detective in my pocket these days.”
John laughed, remembering the only threat that had ever actually worked on Sherlock. “I might have done. You are an infuriating git.”
“Are you all right? You look sick.” He started walking further into the room but stopped when Sherlock backed up. He frowned even harder. “What is the matter with you?”
"Hmm," John hums, entertained by Sherlock's vast, unfathomable mind at the very least. "So been on the net today at all?"
“Yeah, well, I’m as close as you’re going to get.” The outside was already bruising; the swelling would come next. In a brief show of pettiness, John pressed down on the obvious sprain. “Is it tender?”
John was found leaving the Underground at Hampstead, and from there he walked a few blocks to small independent cinema on Holly Bush Vale. It was a pretentious little establishment and Sherlock frowned at the choice. Laila’s obviously; John would never try that hard. Would he?
"This way," said Sherlock. "The shuttlepod was moved to the center of Baskerville. When last I saw it, the shuttlepod was surrounded by the majority of the inhabitants."
Actually, Moriarty had a sentimental attachment to that name. The first solid he'd killed in the Alpha Quadrant. Well, after he'd known what he was.
"Gone, clearly," said the alpha straightening his sash. "Some crazy Maquis showed up here to save the terrorist Donovan brought in, and got a pet in the bargain. But isn't the city pound a little down market for the Prince's kennel master? I thought the palace only accepted alphas and omega certified eight-five percent or higher for breeding. Although," he sniffed, "You are just a jumped unaligned Inferior not even able to do that duty."
The silence coiled in the steam curling from the cups. "I think in the last week, I knew. But I didn't want to know. My baby. She was so insistent that she hadn't betrayed Clara, but she kept going out at all hours. She'd gotten so wild. I thought if I just supported her. Told her that she was loved that… but… I held back when I should have pushed. Oh, my baby." She put aside tea and they held each other for a bit.
Sometimes he tried to find the way to that place inside his mind to shut them out, but he couldn't find the door.
In which case, his husband got up and came back with a wet piece of silk in a bowl full of some water and an aromatic of some sort. Sometimes rosemary. Sometimes lavender. He rubbed the cloth over John's body slowly. Carefully. Lovingly. Everywhere except between his thighs.
His mother said, "You didn't wait to hear the result of the Breen bio scans. You didn't know that your husband's mitochondrial DNA and your Y chromosome DNA are a match for the earliest Breen."
"It is true that the design is," Lui paused, while Owen waited to see how she would dig herself out of this one, "powerful, but complicated. But we both have fairly advanced degrees. We should be able to keep the engines running until the new crew becomes aware of our Lady's needs."
John forgot the names for the bones of his hand. He forgot the name of his throw sticks thing. He'd known it once. So much knowledge was slipping away. Sherlock said, "Obvious," but his arm wrapped around John as if to emphasize that he wouldn't let him go.
FYI: The specific instrument used in the laming of Sherlock's pet comes from the laming of the sheep in "Silver Blaze".
"You should be careful while you're there," said Sherlock, looking at John like something under a micro scanner. "Are you bringing a phaser?"
John pushed himself up, dizziness be damned, because whatever this was, he was going to hear it sitting up. "Oh, for fuck's sake tell me. And… take off those helmets already. I know you're all Human Augments. I have just spent several months living with your ancestors in a fucking cave. Take off the masks!"
"I wasn't actually serious about the time travel. Or you disagree that they were utter cocks? Because I think you just told me they designed sentient beings with a gene that put them in permanent heat through their adolescence, which is fucking messed up."
"I can't begin to get the whole Augment thing, but I'm making career decisions because I'm in love with a hologram, who fuck – I'm the reason he has the programming to love me back and I'll never know if that's…" Hunter stopped herself. Chewed on her lower lip for a bit. "Children are not the only reason people get together. At least you didn't program him to be into you."
John's answer to the question of whether to put the needs of the many or the needs of the one first was to sacrifice himself.
But no one had expected the loss of the Seventh fleet. Least of all the admiral commanding it. The Tyra system lost. Starbases 436 and 437 captured.
Sherlock, of course, genius that he was, twisted his newly young body as if he were shy. As if he hadn't asked for precisely this. To be debauched for his birthday.
He gained centimeters in weeks. Skin stretching. Red lines that smoothed almost as soon as they appeared.
"John, your father sounds just like Kodos too." Sholto leaned forward to take John's hand, but John stepped back.
This was the most coherent thing Luma had ever said to John. She was acting like a different being. The sort of person who might conceivably operate an advanced facility.
"Please, Master. Fuck between my lips, into my mouth, down my throat. They all belong to you. Everything belongs to you." He opened his lips and took John in. Did his best to keep his teeth out of the way. Avoid choking, his practice all week coming in handy, as he took all of John in.
There were many things Sherlock could have said. Many feelings he didn't quite know how to process without John standing next to him. He looked over Chin's shoulder to where Grendel was smiling at Billy. Where John was standing. He said, "We should rejoin the party." As Chin turned around, Sherlock said, "Good luck. When John agreed to marry me, it was the most fortunate moment of my life."
"Oh, is that one of the bondmates of the Andorian who was hurt?" asked Elise. Her heart rate was slightly elevated. Her eyes flickering between Karidian and the monitors currently set to display the tops of an icy mountain range on Andor.
Victor moved to look out a wide open window over a complicated garden six stories down. After a long silence, Victor said, "Frankly this palace is a bit overdone for my taste, but my brother does enjoy his sybaritic pleasures."
"And what, we make a copy of you, because without John, the Bakerstreet needs a doctor. You're not," Violet suppressed whatever it was about to explode out of her. "You're not copy able. You are unique."
John sat next to him and put his arm around the kid. Gave him a quick squeeze. "That's right. Can you imagine a universe where Sherlock doesn't look for us? Doesn't find us? Because I can't."
The captain was waiting. He said, "An amoeba with the power to channel the energy of this planet and the psychic energy of humans could do that."
"It's okay. I'm right here," said Lucy. She unstrapped herself, hoping that the ship was now going to be stable and knelt next to Eva. "I've got you." She brushed back her little girl's hair with its braids and yellow ribbon. "I won't let anyone hurt you."
"You might get the impression that I'm hands on," said Moriarty picking his way through the crew lying prone on the floor. "But nothing could be farther from the truth. But I made a new acquaintance and she pointed me to some very interesting allies. Very interesting. They told to keep my hands off you, which just made me want to put my hands all over you." He shrugged. "Now my friend said you needed a playmate. Someone to provide a challenge for you. For little old me. I do have so much fun playing with you."
When their heartbeats slowed, Sherlock pulled so carefully, so gently away. Laid John on the bunk like something precious. John watched him go to the replicator. Dispose of the lube, and the towel, and return with a hot flannel. It cooled itself on John's skin, before Sherlock put John back into his clothes. Put him back together again.
Trelane sighed. All the tiny trees sighed. "That's not what I'm trying to tell you! At all. There's this other entity."
John squeezed Sherlock's hand. Neither of them mentioned Victor, the brother Sherlock didn't remember. John wondered if Chin knew about all of this. If Billy now knew, but it wasn't the time for that.
Melas stepped closer to Apollo. "Please, warmth giving Apollo. Have pity on your children. It's been so long since you've left us." They knelt in front of Apollo, holding up their hands crossed.
Little Sherlock gave a soft snuffle. John glanced at Sherlock, who looked drawn and pale. His skin stretched tight around his eyes, his eyes rapidly blinking. Looking at something only he, and apparently Euros could see.
"Huh," said John processing that a bit. "But then why didn't you know…" he waved at the pile of onions, "about all this? It didn't sound like it was a secret among them." He didn't want to ask – didn't want to even think – that Sherlock had known any of this was a possibility.
She reminded herself that her anger was displaced. Harry Watson was not her father. That individual would never serve a sentence on Elba II or Rura Penthe. That individual had died saving her life.
Although, there was this one scenario where they were in a pocket universe that was slowly closing and the only way to escape was to have sex in key locations around the ship that was fun.
John pushed himself slowly, growing aware of a numb patch all along his left side that was an indication that he'd been shot by some form of nerve disruptor. Although the dry mouth said phaser stun. Perhaps both.
Eventually, finally, she was led to a barracks full of shen and assigned a bed. A shen looked at her. "Didn't think there were any shen left who weren't in the Palace."
"Of course it did," said John. "But would you take me there? It'll help me learn how to fix the things?"
He should be captain by now. On his way to admiral. Instead he'd been pushed aside to make way for new races. He'd heard they let Klingons into Starfleet these days, which was ridiculous. Starfleet should be for the founding races, which since the Vulcans had let their planet get destroyed, the Tellerites were just a bunch of dirt grubbers, and the Andorians were dickless wonders who couldn't get it up to keep their species going, that left Humans. Real Humans.
Owen replicated him a wizard's staff and presented it at the next Aug Soc. He said, "It's got a knob on the end and everything."
"No, there's organic matter in the cryo chamber filter as well as a layer of it on the bottom. They couldn't have looked very hard if they missed it." John grinned at Sherlock. "Like you always say, they saw, but they didn't observe."
John blew out a breath, because Sherlock's family was killing him just a bit, and squeezed her shoulder. "Not your fault."
Sherlock considered the implications of what had just happened and what John had just said. "Only a true heat would have triggered a full rut in me like that. I've found it nearly impossible to focus on anything other than you for the same period of time." Which meant there was only one reasonable answer. "You've been in some form of heat since the accident."
John frowns and reaches for it, the mini bottle he’d picked up at the last shop he’d stopped. “Dove for men,” he answers. “Why?”
"No," he clears his throat of the hitch, "I was just wondering if you'd seen the new post. On my blog."
“Maybe you should start writing them down. Weren’t you a creative writing major at one point? What good are you?”
John pulled the seat out for her to sit, while the man seated across removed his long legs from atop the table. John rested his cane against the edge and lowered himself carefully down in his own chair.
Slowly, he sank back down, wary now. Sherlock decided to sit back, out of his space, to put him at ease. His fingertips pressed together in the familiar pose he used for solving complex problems. They stared each other down for another minute, the silence clearly bothering John to the point of irritation, before Sherlock sat forward again.
“I- I don’t know. I mean, yeah, we get on, but he’s… I don’t know, he’s kind of loud, to be honest. And he’s mostly off with some girl.” At this Sherlock seemed to relax.
John, clearly dismissed, walked Laila toward the stairs so she could get dressed. He followed behind, for inappropriately obvious reasons, as she made her way back to the bedroom.
The first were two figures, seated at a table, though he had to guess at the setting, amateur as it was. There were little hearts all over the first’s head but in the next panel the figure was drawn with a frown, the hearts broken on the table top. Next was another crudely drawn version of a swimming pool, this time the figures were clearly battling a monster, eight legged with a nasty looking smile. Sherlock grinned to see John, the obvious illustrator, had drawn Sherlock as the sword wielding knight and himself as the princess. His heart beat like a drum in his chest when he scanned the next to see John’s version of Irene Adler. How he loved to see John’s jealousy, could roll around in it like a dog in the garden.
“John,” she leaned in lovingly, “didn’t you say you saw a flat for rent near the cafe? Did you get the number?”
“John Watson, you are a slut,” he mused aloud as he jogged down the steps of the building. He could only hope this Mr. Holmes was a white haired grandfatherly type who was grumpy and smelled like muscle rub.
John perked up at that, though he felt sort of bad about allowing her to feed them. She was forever reminding them that she wasn’t the housekeeper but then usually following it up with something a housekeeper
“What about Donovan?” Sherlock questioned, pointing out the obvious weak link in Greg’s directive. “She’s been waiting to pin a murder on me for years.”
“Yes?” He went for unperturbed but probably fell short as he stared up at John’s indigo eyes, shining in the morning light.
John had heard the words enough, but hearing them spoken to another nearly undid him. He’d have to choose to believe they were so easy to say now because Sherlock had had a hell of a lot of practice.
Sherlock seemed surprised by the question, his head tilted back towards John, but he answered readily enough. “Molly Hooper. Final year Forensics student. She’s got a key to the lab and lets me borrow certain… items, from time to time.”
abnormally attracted to dangerous activities in general. Lord help him if they ran into any sword swallowers.
“Ah,” he casually responded. “I’m sure it’s fine.” He tried not to be obvious about studying it, but he was fascinated to see it under such close proximity. He’d only ever caught glimpses of it when John reached the stage of inebriation that he pulled his shirt off and started dancing. The clubs he frequented were usually too dark to make it out well and he’d always kept a strict distance between them on the dance floor.
“Yeah?” He responded, as hesitant, if not more so, to avoid the possibly awkward conversation. Sherlock had already warned him off at least once. Twice if one counted the note he’d left after grabbing his coat, which John did.
She gave a satisfying chuckle and leaned in to kiss his cheek. “Yes, you did splendidly! Thank you.”
He snarled and flew up the seventeen steps, nearly slipping on John’s vest near the top, trailing his own articles of clothing in the hall. By the time Sherlock entered his bedroom, John was sitting on his bed in just his pants, breathing hard and grinning like he’d pulled off a particularly neat trick. Sherlock leaned casually up against the doorframe and studied him, as if his heart wasn’t racing at the sight, as if they had all the time in the world. John quirked an eyebrow but didn’t comment. His eyes tracked as Sherlock slid the rest of his shirt off his shoulders and let it fall to the floor without care, watched as he slowly thumbed the clasp of his trousers open. When the trousers were kicked away, revealing his own grey boxer briefs, John made a noise in his throat, a gratifying sound that soothed Sherlock’s vague anxiety.
On instinct, John snatched him by his wrist. It turned out to be quite fragile under his layers. “I’m afraid I can’t let you do that.”
John flinches. Then, furious, he pulls his arm away and spits, “You would have me live like that forever?”
Something on Sherlock’s trousers seemed to fascinate him; he picked at an invisible thread for a long moment, before answering.
He walked back into the sitting room to find Sherlock had shrugged his coat off but was still sitting on it, and was looking up impatiently for John to bring his findings over.
Greg has a look about him, like he wants to broach the subject but knows how it's going to be received. And John just knows, like he always does when this very subject is about to be raised, that Greg's about to agree with Mary about the post. He's had years of practice at having others curiosity aimed at him.
“I’ve a habit of acting on my own accord when it comes to apprehending criminals. The last time I left a suspect hog tied in the garden out front of their office.”
He pulled John closer, somehow, close enough to feel John’s floating ribs constrict between his arms. Other than a grunt, John didn’t complain at all, just wrapped his arms tighter underneath Sherlock’s coat, letting his hands fist in the material of Sherlock’s shirt.
“Hey, I’ve got another date tonight, so don’t text unless it’s really important. Like a death or something.”
He grips the barrel and twists, taking the weapon easily from the stranger, who cries out, surprised at being pulled forward with the momentum. John doesn’t hesitate to bring the commandeered weapon down onto the gunman’s temple, who, upon finding such unexpected rapid-fire turning of events, blinks disbelievingly up at John before falling over.
This seemed to set them off even more. He could settle them easily if he explained that Sherlock was actually his middle name, but that was a closely guarded secret that only a handful of people in the world knew, and he wanted to keep it that way.
“John,” Sherlock tries and fails to say, his voice seems to stick in his throat. A lot of swallowing happens, and he seems to get frustrated. His head snaps back and forth suddenly.
“Fuck, oh, fuck,” he breathed out harshly. He was practically strangling the end of his cock as he came, bent double, arse against the wall. “Ah, dammit.”
“I was explaining, I stepped on it. The bee. It was an accident but it happened. I wasn’t wearing shoes, I rarely did in the garden, so I got the full brunt of the sting. It was traumatic.”
Eventually he was deposited onto his bed and rolled out of his coat. His shoes came off next and he had to curl his toes away from the cold air of his bedroom. Around the time he felt John unbuttoning his shirt he managed to find the energy to crack his eyes open again.
“What’s wrong?” She asked when they were inside. It was clear she hadn’t heard anything yet or she wouldn’t need to ask.
John grunts at the mystery strangers timing, though he’s already disappeared into the information center, and likely wouldn’t care that he’d ruined John’s chances at a one-off anyway. He watches as the woman hops into her car and drives away, leaving John with a bottle of Coke and half a cockstand for his troubles. At least he tells himself it's the woman who’s caused the unfortunate blood flow south.
John feels a drop of pure erotic desire in his stomach, his prick is at full attention between his thighs, as Sherlock groans, coming hard down the back of John’s throat. He swallows as best he can but it turns out to be quite a lot, most of it ends up spilling from the corner of his lips. When Sherlock falls back down to the mattress, John pulls back with one last lick, wiping at lips with a forearm.
He tried his hand at a few smoke rings and then answered, “No, sorry I don’t. Should we try Google?”
“Truth,” Sherlock whispered back. His fingers clenched down on his knees, knuckles white against the black of his trousers.
“The woman behind the desk didn’t seem too keen when I asked after the bed bug situation, which means either it’s clean and she resents the implication
He turned back and rested his hips against the counter as he wiped his hands off on a hopefully clean dish flannel and looked his flatmate over with new eyes.
“I don’t think you could get cold water if you tried,” Sherlock muses and then turns back to the loo to rinse his mouth.
Sherlock’s hand cramped suddenly and he dropped the pencil to massage away the pain. A glance at the clock announced how late it had gotten, how long he’d been hunched over his own knees. John should have been home by now.
“No good, not cold enough,” John replied as he moved a bottle of frozen children’s pain medicine, knowing full well that he’d reached the point of not flinching at Sherlock’s madness.
“She’s not going to give you up without a fight,” Sherlock whispers, clutching John’s middle like Mary is going to burst in any moment and pull John away.
The rest of John’s what-if’s blended into a moan and he completely lost what was left of his mind, let alone his train of thought. The only thought left that survived the razing of his brain was, ‘Hell no, Sherlock Holmes does not get to be the one who seduces me.’ With that thought hanging on by a thread, he lunged, broken hand gripping Sherlock by his ridiculous coat collar to push him back, supine, onto the tube bench.
John's anger deflated and he fell back onto the sofa with a groan. Laila walked over and sat next to him, gingerly taking his hand.
She hesitates but he does his best to convey his sincerity, even knowing he's going to regret letting her drill him about Sherlock.
John growled in frustration. “Are you ever going to let me in on your devious plan? And since when do you speak Arabic?”
Mycroft gave a great put upon sigh. John stepped forward when Mycroft, as if he dealt with just this scenario all the time, casually took Laila by the shoulders and steered her toward John. Sherlock looked incensed, Laila looked confused, and John accepted her from Mycroft with a frown. Especially when he produced another mysteriously materialized business card and placed it in her hand with a whisper. She glanced up, shocked but not seemingly offended. John didn’t know what to think.
"Oh c'mon, you know I was teasing. I don't think it's got anything to do with that, I just thought, you know, you do go on about how annoying it is, people assuming, and well, this hardly helps, does it?"
“Oh, don’t be such a wimp.” He received a glare for that but while Sherlock was too busy hacking, John snatched the roach out of the ashtray on the window sill. “You killed it,” he grumbled. It was then that he caught sight of the rest of the bag, tucked into the corner.
About a mile later, they pull off onto the appointed exit, following the the spot of neon light from the hotel. It’s nearly deserted, only two other cars in the lot, one probably the owners. The whole scene looks like something out of a seventies horror film and John isn’t afraid to say so as they stop in front of the office.
He turned tail and fled, straight through the crowd and out onto the street, buttoning his coat as he went, flipping the collar up to shield his face.
“Maybe not then,” John muttered and sat up fully.  “Where’s Donovan?” He asked casually, as if Sherlock hadn’t just been laying on his chest, when Greg started up the car.
Mrs. Hudson waved him off with her dish flannel. “Go on, you two, just keep it quiet. I’ve a soufflé going in the oven.”
John, in his anger, seemed to have pressed Sherlock tight in his grip, to the point where the man flinched and sucked in a pained breath. John immediately let go but could not look away from those hateful pinpricks, the evidence of Sherlock’s self-destructive behavior.
His sleeves were impatiently rolled up next and John's brow came down in confusion. It wasn't even hot in the flat. He watched as Sherlock silently counted the boxes of P.G.Tips and scowled to himself. Lord only knew what that meant. Well, the good Lord and Sherlock. When he bent over the top of the kitchen table, unnecessarily in John's opinion, and flipped through the ashtray John scowled even harder.
John smirked but then pursed his lips and asked the most pressing. “How did you know all that about me?”
The man smirks but continues. “Moves, familiarity with weapons, tan line well established before you came to America, haircut is military issue but slightly grown out. Your limp is psychosomatic by the way.”
It was simple, walking out the door, making his way down to the street. What was harder was knowing anything could happen now that he wasn’t there to supervise. Sherlock had made it perfectly clear that he wasn’t needed to supervise, that he was more than alright with John leaving them alone.
John’s frown was wiped clean away when Sherlock yelled through the door, “Go away, you fat meddlesome pervert.”
“It ended badly. He doesn’t like to talk about it but I think he’s on the mend.” Sherlock’s voice came in louder, clearer, telling John the bug was directly under his chair. Mycroft hadn’t even tried to hide it, the prat. Maybe that was the point; too obvious.
John mashed his lips together before responding. “What I see is he doesn’t want me, he just doesn’t want
John growls, wipes his mouth on his sleeve, stands and then flushes the toilet. “I was going to finish those spring rolls.”
The lack of verbal sparring was a dead giveaway but the further into the room he’d walked the real reason Sherlock wasn’t speaking became clear. He continued on, prowling forward until he was nearly toe to toe with Sherlock at the window.
"Fine but, nnnggnnnn, I did offer the cleaner solution, don't forget." Sherlock wedged his hand in to replace John's and John spasmed on the sofa like an asphyxiated fish.
John grins at the sky. If he doesn’t watch himself, he’s going to fall hard for this absurd man. He’d been halfway there upon first sight, three-fourths when Sherlock had produced a thermos of tea from the backseat of his car. He’s busy trying to come up with a way to ask if they can continue this strange companionship once back on native soil, when a shot rings out.
“I could do,” he quipped back, “if you’d like.” The so called ‘Sherlock’ held his hand out for John’s palm.
He glances up to comment but Sherlock is glaring over John's shoulder. He turns to see and spots a pair of teenage girls, who upon being spotted glance away quickly.
“Yeah.” John brushed his lips softly over Sherlock’s brow and sat back again. “What we do now is: get in the shower, clean up, then crawl into your bed to make another mess. How’s that sound?”
“Oh no you don’t,” John growled, flipping Sherlock easily until he was bent over the seat, his face planted into the cushion with less than gentle force.
Never mind that in the seven months John had been living at Baker Street there hadn’t been any fish that he’d seen in any aquarium, living or dead. John shook his head with a laugh and advanced on the still baffled detective.
“Course not,” John agreed softly, almost to himself. He shot the last of his tea and set the mug down on the tray with a clank. “Shall I leave the toast?”
No. He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t read more into it than Sherlock wanting a friend. There was nothing wrong with that, it was a normal human need, it didn’t mean Sherlock wanted John as anything other than a mate to bounce theories off of during cases. Someone to have breakfast with in the morning. Someone to make tea.
The little bit John had managed to inhale came right back out in a great cloud of surprise. “Are you… are you serious?” He managed to ask between dry coughs, trying not to showcase the fact that his chest was on fire.
Without prompting, John shoved the door open with his shoulder and tip-toed inside, laden with a tray of Mrs. Hudson’s, though Sherlock doubted she was aware of its absence as she didn’t bustle in behind John. It hosted two mugs of steaming tea and a plate of dry toast, honey and jam both beside.
John watches him move throughout the room, moving bits of equipment around on the table. He's seen the maneuver enough times to see it for what it is, an excuse to remove himself from conversation. Next he'd move to his microscope and that would be the last he'd hear from the man for hours. John was desperate to avoid that. It was one thing when they were living together, a few hours respite could be just the thing sometimes, but now that he's living with Mary, and these visits are few and far between, every second feels stolen. John is constantly starved for contact.
John bit down, and not only did Sherlock repeat the noise, he thrust his hips forward in a desperate attempt to find something to rut against. John saw fit to help him by positioning his hips directly in front, and they both groaned at the contact. Sherlock found that if he slid down the wall a bit he could bring their cocks into perfect alignment.
“You are so fucking lucky, Mitch, I swear to god.” Miller shoves the weaponless Sherlock toward the rental. “I’m going to dump you both in the Verde, your head up his ass.”
He scrambled back up into a sitting position, arms around John’s torso to keep him upright in his lap, and then once they were steady he efficiently clawed at John’s jeans until they were open enough to reach inside.
Let his voice drop so low he knew it would vibrate John where he sat when he asked, “Would you like to perpetrate a bit more?”
“As I was saying,” he went on as they raced around the corner, “the architect used a flat Japanese style fence as opposed to-“
John glanced back down at his phone and swore. He leapt up and dove for his coat, dodging around Sherlock for his shoes.
“Sorry, just checking.” He hid a grin when Sherlock gave a disbelieving hum. “Right, well, I’ll get you some ice to put on it. Get your shoe and sock off and put it up on the table. Here,” he placed the union jack pillow down for Sherlock to rest his heel on and turned for the kitchen.
“When I asked you to move in, it wasn't just a convenient offer - you get your own space, I get my brother off my back - I wanted to give the idea of...
“I said it was behind us, I meant that.” Sherlock went quiet, and John wished he’d called Mycroft sooner. It was obvious he’d missed something important. It stayed quiet for a long moment before Victor spoke up again.
John stopped pawing around in his bedside drawer, his quizzical expression melting into something decidedly more filthy.
Mary was clearly interested in this new guest, in relation to Sherlock's reaction to him, as she kept her gaze trained on him throughout the encounter.
He couldn’t just move in, could he? What would that do to them, their friendship? John tried to imagine every scenario, from coming downstairs in the morning to find Sherlock hadn’t slept a wink the night before, to the constant struggle of forcing Sherlock to eat when he couldn’t get away with lying about it anymore, to sharing the loo. For fuck’s sake, Sherlock in the shower! Unacceptable! Except, there
The familiar scent of tea blows across John’s face, so for a second he‘s disoriented, unable to parse the words. His first thought is,
Another sip, still as hot as the last. “I can detect notes of… fuck-all, this tastes like liquid hot piss. I can’t-”
“God dammit! Sherlock! Agh!” John continued to swear and swing, hopping around the basement flat like a man on fire, until a lucky swing caught Sherlock in the stomach. He grunted, letting out a huff of air that inevitably turned into a laugh. By then he was unable to keep it in, nearly bent double, tears streaming down his face as John peeked curiously out from above the crook of his elbow. Once he caught sight of Sherlock’s hysterical laughter, noted the lack of killer bees, eyes taking in the paper, toothpick and empty crate, he quickly put it together. Despite knowing he was in trouble - John’s you’re-so-dead face making an appearance - Sherlock couldn’t stop laughing.
Mary grins around her tooth brush as he makes his way into the bedroom, assuming he's done the deed. He doesn't confirm or deny, just removes his clothes and finished his nightly ablutions by rote. He's fairly sure Mary would be up for it if he gave the slightest hint of agreement but something still isn't sitting right with him, so he simply rolls her onto her side and snuggles against her.
A chirp sounded from the table and John did his best to ignore it the first time. When the ringtone went off he glanced down at in annoyance.
Say hello to Victor, Molly, and Irene in this chapter. As per usual I use them simply to drive John up the fucking wall. Hope you enjoy.
Well, so much for plausible deniability. George had been Wednesday's conquest and John wasn't into repeat performances.
John was shaking his head before Sherlock was even finished. In fact, it seemed his whole frame was shaking, each part of his body was vibrating or shivering or fidgeting.
He sat as far away from the already light mid-afternoon traffic would allow and thought about how he’d have to pick up hours at the clinic again. Bloody mucus and boils. Beige walls and fighting neighbors. Empty blog posts and uneaten breakfasts. There was no where to go, no where that wouldn’t require him to explain, and since he couldn’t even bring himself to think about it, a rented room would have to do. At least until he could find something more permanent. Eventually he’d have to go back for his things. If he could stomach it for even a second.
“That would be… helpful,” Sherlock responded lamely, mentally flagellating himself. “Though, if you could find a place of employment that would allow for a flexible schedule to work around my own, that would be best.”
“Yeah,” he drawled, closing in, charmed despite himself, “though it could have been achieved without the product.” He nibbled her ear.
Of course he was currently surrounded by what seemed like nothing but loving couples, embracing and laughing and generally carrying on in ways Sherlock had never paid any mind to before. Down the carriage sat a couple Sherlock felt particularly drawn to, his eyes locked onto the silent, good-natured battle between the two. Neither of them looked anything like Sherlock or John, but it mattered little; they were simply two men, clearly mock-fighting over appropriate public displays of affection, trading affectionate kisses and sly gropes. The playful back and forth teasing sent Sherlock back into his mind.
“Yes it does,” he agreed, “but I’ve seen her internet history. She was researching Columbian cartel hierarchy. And I happen to know heroin is making a comeback around town, mainly through the El Champo cartel. I believe she found evidence of a supplier on campus and decided to do a little undercover investigating of her own. The boyfriend is most likely innocent but whether or not he was involved, he’s to be the patsy for the cartel making an example of her. If we’re lucky they haven’t disfigured her-“
“Oh,” John breathed, backing up and blinking at the page. “That’s actually, that’s quite good, Sherlock! I didn’t know you could draw. What am I saying, of course you can draw.”
They walked toward the door and Sherlock stopped for a brief second to dab at the cut in his reflection. It stung but not badly enough to discourage using the small gift. He felt vaguely as if he’d prefer John to have cleaned it for him, as if by right it
John groaned in a rush of endorphins, the reminder of where they were sending prickles of excitement across his skin. “I’m so close.”
When he stood, his heart leapt into his throat to find Sherlock nearer to his chair then he had been. He was further shocked to find Sherlock had removed his scarf and was deftly wrapping around John’s neck and tucking it snug into his coat.
“Hey, John,” David slurred, “is it true what Mary said? That you and that Holmes bloke are shagging?”
God, how he missed those nights sometimes. But in trade, Sherlock had received John’s undivided attention at home, or out on the occasional case. Why hadn’t they been able to maintain that? If Sherlock didn’t know any better, he’d think John was frightened off. Moving in full time warranted a female buffer? Was he really so opposed to growing closer?
“We’ll figure it out, together,” he whispers back against Sherlock’s temple. “But never doubt that here is where I chose to be. With you, always with you.”
?” He snarled aloud to the night sky. It had been nearly an hour, what could he possibly be getting up to? Perhaps he’d been spotted and John had given him the slip, gone out a side door? Impossible. And yet…
John glanced at the poster announcing the price of admission and felt a frisson of unease skate down his spine. He wished he’d thought this plan out more thoroughly. It was so cliché, honestly.
Lestrade cried out, “Oi! We’re not done here!” but Sherlock kept walking towards the road, hailing a cab and disappearing before anyone could do much more than blink.
John feels the carnival is a bit cliche for a second date but goes for it anyway. Lucky for him, the night provides more entertainment than he bargained for.
problem?” John screeched, going red. “You seem to be missing the bit where you’ve basically been going about having a crush like a fourteen year old girl, and it’s somehow
John laughed as he pressed another kiss to Sherlock’s mouth. He let John up after that, who carefully pulled the condom off and dropped it in the bin for him. Sherlock settled under the sheet while John meandered to the loo for a clean up. His mind was blissfully blank as he rested against the pillow, no thoughts of John abandoning him or what their future might hold. Just a pleasant warmth coursing under his skin and a lassitude in his limbs that made him feel wonderfully heavy.
John rolled his eyes and popped back up from the sofa. Fine, let them both be cryptic and dismissive. John was just getting his appetite back and the kitchen called.
“I hope that doesn’t prevent you from moving in. She’s really rather harmless, as far as landladies go.”
John pursed his lips in amusement as he stirred sugar into Sherlock’s cup. He tried to imagine calling any of his previous ex’s and asking for detailed reports of his blow jobs. Sherlock taking notes on technique… He giggled again.
"I hadn't planned on it," John panted out. His death grip on Sherlock's hips was probably going to leave bruises but he couldn't seem to unclench his fingers. They had a good pace going now, John bottoming out inside Sherlock with abandon as he was bent over the arm of the sofa. They didn't normally engage in sexual activities during cases but when Sherlock Holmes asks you, in no uncertain terms, to roger him there on the sofa, well, if you're John Watson, you comply.
Bernard reached up and lay his hand over John’s, helping to wank him into his finish the way he liked. With a long groan he finally spent down the back of John’s throat. It didn’t seem an inordinate amount. Maybe he should be writing the shit down in a notebook or something. There didn’t seem to be any rhyme or reason to it.
Overly loud, she announced, “Don’t forget, John, Gaucho, tonight at eight. See you, love.” With an even louder, smacking kiss and a conspiratorial wink, she was off.
It turned out he didn’t need to worry. Sherlock must have turned back the opposite direction, through the kitchens, to make his escape. Something about that deflated John’s earlier exuberance at their little game. It was fun as long as he was winning. Now he just felt empty.
John looked up in time to see Mary level the pistol at him. Sherlock moved to intercede, to John's everlasting horror, but before she could decide to shoot the door burst in for a second time.
John didn’t respond immediately; instead he picked through the pieces until he could get a grip on the tiny beak. He studied it in the murky streetlight, sadness etched into lines on his face; lines Sherlock had put there.
“I beg to differ,” Sherlock panted back, trying for stern and failing by a lot. He huffed at the ceiling, tried his very best to slow the heartbeat that had become his erection. “Just...give me a moment.”
Sherlock doesn’t look impressed with John’s petulance; though, as far as John can tell, Sherlock is just full of it himself.
“Not fair how talented you are.” He was falling asleep, turned toward Sherlock with his head pillowed on his right arm. “I used to play the clarinet in primary.”
Mike was there, red faced and swaying with some bird with a long ponytail and a hideous jumper. Mary was there, damn her, with David of course, but David seemed more inclined to guzzle pints and pretend to throw darts at first years than pay her any mind.
"You should be proud of him,” Greg commented casually, hands tucked into his coat pockets, continuing their previous conversation.
They slammed together onto the kitchen table, John’s arm barely managing to sweep Sherlock’s equipment out of the way before he landed on top of his flatmate. Sherlock let out the sexiest surprised growl John had ever heard when he smashed their lips together, the vibration traveling straight from Sherlock’s mouth down into John’s pelvis. He caught John around the waist and pulled him closer, practically squeezed the breath right out of John’s lungs. He didn’t mind one bit. Lovely way to go, that.
“I mean, regardless, it’s kinda fucked up.” Bill turned with a scowl and John's heart sank to see it. He’d really thought they were friends. If Bill couldn’t handle John’s sexuality it would be hard to even remain roommates.
A thought, a conclusion, he’d come to in the passing weeks, graced his mind, one that had formed in the absence of the mysterious ‘Victor’ or any other visitors, besides students in and out to get tutored and clients seeking aid.
“You were out late. Time get away, did it?” Sherlock muttered, flipping to a different page and scooping his pencil from under the sofa.
"I didn't find out until after," she whispered, accents switching again. "I was gone, sent away, didn't know it was for a reason until I got the news. Seb did to me what he tried to do to you," she waved the gun at Sherlock, "send you away from the battlefield. But it follows you, everywhere. It's always there, love, isn't it?"
When Sherlock walked in, John was down on one knee where Ms. McCurdy was handcuffed to the drain pipe of the sink, trying his best to soothe her. The light from the torch, dropped to the floor when John had moved to help her, illuminated her stricken face, showing a ghastly black eye and dried tear tracks. John looked up when she gasped behind the rag shoved in her mouth. Her eyes were huge as she looked up at Sherlock in terror; rightfully so, Sherlock supposed. He
He chuckled. “Not with you. And even if I were allowed to talk about it with a therapist, I can’t trust a single one. No thanks to you either.”
fault you lost him,” Mycroft drawled, as if he had all the time in the world. “And anyway, it would be a gross misuse of my power-”
John’s fingers clench, so he hides them under the table. If Sherlock were paying attention, he would have seen it.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed in answer, waving the joint away when John tried to pass it back, allowing him another try since his first was ruined. “She keeps a bag on hand for when her arthritis flares up. But between you and me, it flares up quite a lot.”
John stopped moving, though he hadn’t been aware of doing so to begin with. It was eerily quiet in the flat. Nothing from downstairs, nothing next door, not even London had anything to say.
“If someone has died in here, keep your deductions to yourself,” John mumbles as they walk inside and glance around. He sets his bag down on the bed nearest the door and begins to pull his toiletries out.
“I should have you arrested…” The latter half of Sherlock’s sentence trails off into distracted nothingness.
we come,” he informed Sherlock quietly. He then sat back and continued. “As I was saying, she was a photographer, and she had this one show she did, where she took these gorgeous black and white nudes. I didn’t really like it at the time, I was young, insecure, but looking back, they were really something.”
"So...what exactly is the issue here? You've anally penetrated partners in the past, I assume none of them have gone screaming from the room...?"
Sherlock moans, “That was…” but doesn’t finish, too busy melting into the blanket to articulate, but John gets the message. He reaches out for his bottle of Coke to rinse his mouth, and then falls next to Sherlock with a self-satisfied grin, simply waiting patiently for the detective to come back online. He gulps his dark sugar water and thinks the view is well worth the wait.
Greg pulled Sherlock against his shoulder awkwardly. "No, mate. He won't be mad, I promise. It'll all work out, you'll see." It had to, it just had to. Or else what was the point of it all?
"What, you mean about the blog?" She laughs. "Yeah, he'll have a few choice words about it." Her mobile rings from the night stand and she runs to grab it, chatting away pleasantly while John towels off. She comes back with a smile and leans in to kiss his cheek. "Well, I'm off with Janine and Carol to do a bit of shopping. Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
didn’t kidnap her, if that’s what you’re thinking.” He frowned when John did. With a huff he threw himself forward and marched off toward the loo.
John clearly remembered Sherlock being high as a kite at their first introduction, but kept this bit to himself.
“For crying out loud, John, this makes no logical sense. What the hell do you need twenty-three centimeters worth of erectile tissue for?”
John lost the little bit of restraint he had left and stomped after him. “Why does any of this matter? What do you care that I didn’t come clean before? It’s not like everyone knew but you. I don’t exactly like to advertise it. Harry knows because we were two queer kids in a religious house growing up, that’s it. You’re not
“Why?” John turned towards him, wrath and alcohol making him mean. “You want a go after David’s done?”
He doesn’t get to finish, though he does try, as John smashes their lips together. It’s sloppy, what with Sherlock trying to continue to scold him and John laughing, but eventually they work it out.
“I occupy a small position, yes.” He twisted his umbrella jovially, smug in his new position as MI6’s youngest Assistant Director of Foreign Affairs.
They both gasped at the feeling of Sherlock breaching John’s muscle. John’s right hand clawed at Sherlock’s side, almost tickling him, as he processed the feeling. To Sherlock it was like being squeezed tighter than he’s ever felt before, every twitch of muscle sending a wave of pleasure up his spine. He found it harder to sit still after that, as John slowly worked his way further down.
Sherlock’s hips tilted as he sucked in a breath. “I shall endeavor to make that up to you,” he moaned. His hand came up to press against the back of John’s head, pushing against him. John sucked hard, knowingly leaving a dark stain of broken capillaries in his wake. Might as well, since they were writhing like bloody teenagers anyway.
For whatever reason, Sherlock seemed to think that was the height of hilarious. John nodded and stood, where he thought he was going to go he hadn’t a clue, he just needed to be away. A much larger hand than his own landed and held him down onto the stability bar above his head. John hadn’t even seen him move but suddenly Sherlock was looming over him, his breath puffing right into John’s face.
"Son of a bitch!" John exclaimed as a bullet grazed his side, throwing him down to one knee. At the same time, Mary went down in a tangle of limbs, flopping on the floor as Mrs. Hudson continued to zap her.
“Mrs. Hudson will get it.” He pushed the paper back around to her. “Now, please explain to me how you came to this ridiculous conclusion.”
Next came two stick figures holding hands, tiny handcuffs holding them together. John had drawn more hearts over the scene. Sherlock’s bottom lip was chewed on in response.
“Oh, so you really believe I’m a psychopath, then? Well, don’t let the door hit you in the arse on the way out!” Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest and flopped back against the chair.
John froze, even though he hadn’t really been moving. He felt something snap inside his chest...and then something dark crawled out. He pictured red lips on Sherlock’s pale cheek, red nails raking those strong forearms, and John thought the black treacle in his chest might very well crawl out of his mouth.
Scarlett scoffed in indignation, her nails making a hair raising sound as she clawed her arm rest. “I can’t believe this. No wonder you’re not charging anything. I’d likely have punched you if we’d made the mistake of paying you. C’mon, John, let’s leave.”
“Yes! You and your constant denial forcing me to keep quiet when I’ve been full to bursting with this, this, this… emotion!”
Sherlock gave a sigh and sat up straight in his seat. “I investigate crimes at a much deeper level than any Private Investigator ever could. With the police and sometimes private matters.
"Not like that, c'mere. Come up here," John panted, fighting orgasm valiantly, as he wrangled the lanky berk back up his body. It was like fighting an octopus.
"See?" Molly started to get excited. "If we plan it right, you know, one of us distracting Mary at all times, the other two plying the boys with drinks, toasting and that... It could work."
ants were fascinating creatures, no mind that they would crawl into the freshest of their already low amount of fresh food and spoil everything.
“We will,” John agreed with a wave. His smile fell as he slowly turned to Sherlock. His hand came out patiently.
Mike went red. “No! Are you mental? No, I was just checking before I open my big mouth and piss you off.”
She turns back with a twinkle in her eye; not about to believe a word of it. “You can keep the Coke.”
“Did you know Sherlock could draw?” He heard John ask. Terror of a different kind suffused Sherlock at that. His notebook was still laying on the coffee table.
In a flash, he was up, his ankle still giving a token protest he easily ignored on his way down the hall. His laptop was located in the bedroom and, as he waited for it to load, he quickly donned his most impressive attire, a crisp black silk blend button down and his best bespoke slacks. He finished tying his most expensive John Lobb’s and rushed to log into John’s bank account, long since hacked.
John laughed at that, but Sherlock seemed to be quite serious. “Well… compared to anyone else’s, I would think. Or, you know, just in general. Are they brilliant, like you?”
Christ, he loved to talk too, didn’t he? John refused to be turned on by the words. He should be horrified. Well, good luck explaining it to his cock, which pressed up hard against his zip, leaking a wet spot in his pants.
And anyone who does doesn’t matter! Your heterosexuality is well established, can we stop the redundant corrections once and for all? You know, some people might actually find your vehement denials offensive, did you ever think of that? Hmm?”
"You're both not thinking long term here," Greg informed them. "We need him to connect us to the buyer. Without that bit of intel all we've got is a lowlife thug who will slip through the system again in three years."
“Right. Okay, bedroom then. Colby's called off limits for couples but I think she’d be okay with you crashing. I mean, as long as you don’t get sick on her bed,” he amended
Sherlock rose from his seat in shock when John did, watching in mute horror as John angrily shoved his notes and book into his bag. It wasn’t until John made for the door that Sherlock snapped out of his disbelief.
John took a steadying breath and wiped his sweaty palm on the bed sheet. How had he got himself into this mess? "It's the last big step for us, Sherlock. It's the most intimate thing two people can do together and I'm just," he took another shaky breath to calm his nerves but lost his train of thought when he realized Sherlock had stilled against him.
“Shall we move this to the bedroom, then? Give your old bones a rest?” He asks with a crinkle at both eyes.
“What happened, Sherlock? You promised,” John whispered after a beat. Or it felt like a moment to Sherlock, he couldn’t be sure.
. He wrenched Sherlock’s head back by his hair as he attacked from above, opened Sherlock’s mouth wide immediately to dive inside, licking deeply, thoroughly, lips slanting together roughly.
"How is your mum, by the way?" John asks her, inappropriately remembering that Sybille Toure looked a lot like Nichelle Nichols from Star Trek.
“The note, the one I left with the skull?” He asked. John nodded. “Where did I say I found the skull?”
They walked on silently for another moment. “Seriously, if you’d like, just a quick lesson on throwing a punch. Might come in handy.” Instantly, a voice, one he refused to acknowledge sounded like his brother, internally chastised,
She smiled shyly but nodded in assurance. "Oh, yes. They were giggling like school girls, practically in each others laps. You should have seen them trying to get into the cab with that girl, Tessa. I'm surprised they even noticed she was there, honestly."
“It’s still sensitive and… Because I said.” He huffed and patted Sherlock’s hand in a sort of apology.
Her eyes dip back down to the blog post briefly. "Well, here you've described Sherlock's voice as 'melted honey over broken glass' and here you say he...what was it? 'Sailed over the counter top with the grace of a dancer turned mad with vicious intent.' John, it's...no! It's good," she reaches out and clasps his forearm in comfort, "it's just more of that romantic prose you know he hates."
"I had a written speech prepared but," he looked the cards over with a mock scowl, "I'm not sure I like this speech anymore."
While Sherlock teared haphazardly at his shirt, John pulled Sherlock’s shoes and socks off. He pulled the trousers down next and tossed the lot behind him carelessly; he didn’t think Sherlock cared about wrinkles just then. His shirt had landed in the puddle of tea that had been spilled; he might actually care about that later.
He snatched a bottle of grape cough medicine and proceeded to chug the entire contents until it was empty. A shiver wracked his chest but he ignored his instinct to throw up. Warm pride lit him in its place. John could have no complaints against
“Would you slow down,” he hissed, “not all of us have legs up to our eyebrows. Do you even know where you’re going?”
"Like you, he's been in a coma for some weeks and is only now recovering. He was…" more chirps, "more violent that you were and had to be sedated."
"Indeed," said Sherlock, who looked back at the tablet. "Mycroft was the result of… Mummy being required to try a number of times the old fashioned way. I was given to understand that I was not any easier to make." His eyes were almost gold now as he looked down. "Now that you know, what do you intend to do?"
She went past their sleeping flock. Climbed easily over the wall. On the far side, some dozen Alphas were prowling back and forth.
"Ugh," said Ms. Hebron. "Reminds me of stories of people throughout history destroying things they don't understand."
John, truth be told, learned a fair bit examining his own body's responses to physical contact with Sherlock.
He didn't think about it so much it felt like he'd somehow caused Harry to appear in sickbay. He pulled her past the privacy shield where Sh’Alaack was resting with her family, and into his office. "Do you think there's anything to this?"
John said through gritted teeth. "Nom stopped me before I could take my pill." Not entirely accurate about what he'd intended to do, but a good summation.
Warm ground below, John answered with a kiss. There in the woods, nothing but love guiding their actions, his husband demonstrated just how flexible he was. His husband. Mate. Godling. Shining gorgeous vision writhing on him like perfection. Who loved him. Who smelled like everything warm and happy and home.
Probably when she'd been so above it all when John had gotten into so much trouble. Pseudo heat had nothing to do with her. She'd told him he stank like a scabrous whore all the time. Their playful childhood pushing turning into real fights. They'd broken a few doors.
She turned herself in to Donovan and ended up sharing a beer with her in John's old quarters. They talked about mind control and what an idiot John was, but his heart was in the right place, and feeling out of place. Their experiences at the asylum. The violation of memories that weren't their own. The need to feel something real. Things took an unexpected turn for a bit. Unexpected and too long. Far too long. They were strangers reaching for pleasure. A kiss that turned to kisses. A touch that turned to touching in the long dark night.
Billy pulled away. Pulled himself together. "I can't believe she would do something like that. Soo Lin hadn't had an easy time growing up. There were expectations from her parents that she didn't feel she'd ever measure up too. A childhood that sounded as isolated as mine. It took her months to hold hands, but… I can't believe that she would do something so horrible. She knew that my grandfather was in one of those cryo-chambers. I told her that. I told her what it was like in the twenty-first century and all that time she was hiding that she'd done… this. How?"
It was true. Sestre had begun his mental training, but he had only merged minds with his father or mother. Only under the guidance of an adult. This wasn't even a carbon based lifeform.
Given the sheer number of combinations he and John had achieved, it wasn't remotely practical to consider bringing each of them to full gestation, but that it was a possibility with any of them was delightful. That he could at least see what those combinations were. Calculate phenotypes based on genetic markers.
Whatever drug cocktail that Moriarty was giving him, it did not allow for sleep. Which was fortunate. It gave Sherlock time to think, slow as he was.
Sherlock smiled, which was not agreement. Anyway, John had never been capable of observing when Sherlock followed him. It was a constant in their relationship.
The smell of Acheron's burning flesh was still rank in her antennae. She came closer to the two Watsons. Attempting to discern any difference between them that would identify, which one was the correct one.
He was still fussing with the corpse making sure it stayed a corpse, when the door was flung open. Not-Sherlock charged through the door with a very evil looking weapon. The corridor behind him smelled like burnt meat. Not-Sherlock yelled, "Get away from..."
Before the time dilation effects, John or Sherlock might have been able to tell what was affecting Sawyersa's breathing. Mollyhoo thought it might be serious asthma. Perhaps a long term bronchial condition, but without examining a cadaver, she couldn't say. As it was, they brought her inside the cave and then there were three alphas. When the omegas went into their next cycle, although there were fewer this time, none of them tried to leave the nesting cave this time. They hardly even needed to use the dildo with the bladder.
"Retake ship, yes," said Sherlock glaring at the device on his chest. "Find John. Get me scans from the wreckage."
Course, that was why she'd waited until the third trip to ask to see the warden. In case she was letting old memories to get away from her.
"Perhaps," said Hudson carefully, "Captain Killander, you could share why you are visiting the ship. Other than the Captain's brother."
"Like and unlike," said, Terellhoo to the mutters of the other Breen. "We believe there was a third version of the Great Mother and Great Father of our race," with several shouts that what Tellerhoo was saying made no scientific sense, "who travelled to the past as the result of an unrelated accident and that they had full access to some form of advanced technology, such as a shuttlecraft."
Nom argued that John was sickly and should be eliminated as an example to the others to remain healthy.
"No time for jokes, Ensign." Amazing Sparkles stepped in front of Prince Sparkles. "This is Captain Amazing of the USS Sparkles. We're experiencing a minor instrument failure that resulted in a navigational error. Give us a few moments, and we'll get right out of the ummm… neutral zone."
She discussed it with Thil and Shor and they absolutely agreed she was right. Someone had edited her dad's communication with her. Removed something.
He'd made it as far as the end of the hall when he heard a snuffled hiccup from the Arboretum Common Room. Although, John had always thought calling it an Arboretum was a bit much. Five potted plants and a few hundred Bonsai maintained by the Tiny Tree club. Given the mental health of his crew fell under his watch and he had time, he poked his head in the door and immediately regretted it.
Sherlock twisted, because John wasn't the only flexible one. "Every time I moved, I imagined it was you filling me. Please, Master. I promise I'll be so good. Please. Haven't I been good? Don't I deserve a good hard fucking with your cock?" Then somewhat to his horror, "Don't you need me?" came out of his lips.
The armored Breen said, "Milady, I'm afraid it's time for your guest to go. It's time for your treatment."
She shook her head. There were injuries to deal with. While Marymor's injury was more severe, she was already getting care from half the omegas and then some. It wasn't as if they hadn't had some good examples for how to set a break since they'd arrived in the past.
Chin shook her head. "As long as you're in Starfleet and with the Federation then you're not with us."
As the lift went up, Connor introduced everyone. Supersmart told Bihr that she had children, as evidenced by the stains on her uniform.
"Excellent," said Hudson, who activated the controls for the completely illegal, but damn useful at the moment cloaking device.
She put her hands behind her back. "Father, all you care about is how I can walk around in minds. You think about it all the time. I know Mummy made me from you and them and aliens, but I'm not an alien. I'm not creepy. It's not my fault the others didn't make it or that they… did things and had to be… please stop thinking about it. It's not my fault." Her eyes were hot. Wild. Her cheeks flushed.
He flushed, suddenly very hard as well. It wasn't a memory. Perhaps a sense memory. But he could very clearly envision the omega doing precisely that.
Sherlock knew that Sh'Alaack would never have allowed such a case of criminally negligent network architecture on the Bakerstreet.
"Transport," moaned Sherlock theatrically and did a fair impression of a dying maiden over his chair. But by now the command staff knew to ignore those type of comments.
John was dragged back into the room a few hours later looking sweaty and tired. Still she could hope for the best. "Well," said Martha after she set the youngest Andorians to yelling songs in Andorian, really they were effective operatives, "Did they take you to sickbay? Were you able to get anything useful?"
Sherlock rolled to the side, knocking over an alpha, bringing him to the ground. Killing him as he used the force of the blow to bring him to his feet.
Sherlock felt the weight of those words and focused on the important point. "If I am so broken, send me back!" Sherlock didn't remember much about the last few months. He remembered enough. "If I’ve learned anything about any of you over the years, it's that your children are replaceable. Lose a Mycroft. Clone a Mycroft. Euros acts out of line, freeze her. Euros breaks my mind, hide me away. For all I know you have a clone of me somewhere. Frozen and stacked like cordwood. To be decanted if I died, ready to thrown into the past as needed."
The alpha sighed. "No. In any case, your tattoo was done when you were a child not much older than Connor. See how the image has faded. That it retains its form indicates it was done by an artist with considerable skill. Connor's was rushed. Inferior ink. Not intended to last. 1220. It could have multiple meanings. One possibility is it was done to indicate that Connor is your child."
"It doesn't matter," he said. "They can't cut off our air supply anymore." He picked up his pickaxe, well-worn to his hand after several weeks and climbed up the stone wall to the surface. He didn't wait for the others. There was no time. He had spent four weeks in a mine. John was growing ever more vulnerable up on the ship. It was all he could do to remember to use the axe. His first victim was the force field generator. His second were the houseless Klingon guards. At least they were no longer bored.
John wasn't sure how much of this would stick if he disappeared, but he had to try. "Uh, yes, I promised that your father would revive her race. She helped me. Lots. She gave me the weapon that I used to kill dickless Vic." Remembered that he'd already said that. Snuggled closer to Sherlock and smiled at his kids. Not his kids. Some kids. Really lovely kids. So many kids.
Warning: John and Sherlock have sex. This activity is only tangentially related to John's physical (if not mental) age.
He wanted to ask Sherlock to join him. To curl into his warmth. Into the solid mass of him. The rules against fraternization with a superior officer seemed far away. The ability to speak felt far away too.
John was already kneeling and pulling a rope out of his rucksack. Sherlock put his hand over John's. "There's no time."
Thil bumped his shoulder against Shor's. "Uzaveh won't send us one 'til we're ready. And we already know all sorts of good stuff." After all, they had an entire drive full of useful audio books from Aunti Harry that their parents had forgotten to delete.
"Sherlock," John licked suddenly dry lips. Stared into Sherlock's eyes that in the light appeared green as the forest around them. "This is a big responsibility. It will change everything. You've complained about Lucy stopping study programs so she can take care of Eva. They'll be a lot less time for," he waved at Sherlock's current shape, "playing around or research. You love research." Not to mention playing around.
"While it is a widely held belief, but there's no medical evidence that an adult alpha can trigger a true heat in an adolescent omega," said Julian, as if she would ever believe his confirmation of anything.
Sherlock moved his hand over his groin, as if embarrassed, even managing a flush, which might have been the heat of the water.
"I'll do everything I can," said Chin, which as it turned out included hacking into the security feeds for the colony. Billy watched as Sestre and Connor operated a storage sled by tricorder light and pushed it into the new tunnel, and out of camera view."
"There was no guarantee that he would return. Only hope. And we've already gained what there is to gain," said Mummy. They looked around them at the white gleaming medical room. "We were rescued and given a place to grow." They recaptured Sherlock's hand for a brief touch. The oils from their hand should not comfort Sherlock, but biology was biology. "We have had our child return to us from the past."
"I'm glad you agree. Which means that since my contract has already been fulfilled, I'm free to take this ship and everyone on it to sell for the best price possible and as it happens I have a standing buyer anytime I come across Human Augments."
For the sake of simplicity (and because I have no familiarity with British law unless it has something to do with the history of the English language - History of English podcast, brilliant stuff), the 6th Amendment to the Federation Constitution is the same as the 6th Amendment in the US Bill of Rights. So, if the wording sounds familiar, it is because I have lifted it.
It also made John feel like satyr. The thumping groaning sounds of vigorous sex behind the drawn curtains didn't help.
Lestrade sighed and got a sort of carry on kind of look. "Like the two of you, I'm between assignments. Pleasant for a bit not to be in a chain of command. It can make… I don't know… things, awkward. Fraternization regulations." His eyes darted over both of them. He sighed again, and thankfully shifted topics. "Perhaps they'll let this old war horse go to pasture finally. Let some younger dogs rise up in the pack."
Sherlock looked at him with a very odd expression. Sorrow and surprise, and just a bit as if he thought John was still suffering the effects of time dilation. "John, the Breen in red was Mycroft." He laughed with no humor. "To a certain way of thinking, I am a Breen. We all are."
"I would ask the same thing, but obviously something has affected both our memories." He unbuckled the collar around His neck. He looked at it. Sniffed it. Licked the leather. "We are wearing matching collars."
After a clear struggle, he managed to point at the waterfall and stream below it. "Water." Rapped the side of his head. "Humidity." Moved his long lovely fingers as if lifting. "Warmth."
A lot to unpack from that. Later. John shifted to kiss Sherlock's cheek. A gorgeous cheek bone. Lovely lips. "Yeah, well, things got better for both of us."
He told himself it was reasonable after space that the apartment, the planet, had the qualitative feeling of smallness, because space was vast.
Pavan cut in. "We believe that when you travelled into the past, because your presence was a pivot point in our history, your entering the portal caused two versions of yourself to travel through. One arrived in the Valley of the Ancestors where the sophisticated cave paintings were drawn," Pavan pointed at a location on the map, "and one where the cruder drawings were made. The pair near the sophisticated drawings, you, were sent to an earlier timeline and spent long enough for the time dilation to revert you to a more primitive state. While the pair who made the cruder drawings were only in that time period for a few days. Not enough time for the time dilation to take effect. They journeyed to the Valley of the Ancestors. Heard our singing. Travelled through the portal. Learned they were in the wrong era. Went through again, this time ending up in the future. My Alignment believes that on learning that their offspring had been left behind, they chose to be prepared against the time dilation in the future, and returned through the portal to ensure the survival of their children."
The green Breen held up a hand to cut them off. "We agreed to tell you what occurred. You landed in the wrong time. You," another several chirps back and forth, "moved through time several times." Another few chirps. "Multiple times. Once too soon. Once too far and then now."
Melas smiled at them happily. "Isn't it wonderful? Apollo, god of music and light, and he loves me."
"Oh!" Trelane's expression brightened. "A poetic nebula that proves the power of love." He disappeared.
"Eww," said Euros, which was somewhat John's sentiment, who was watching the whole thing in horrified fascination. Because Brittanus was Sherlock's Mum for fuck's sake, but they looked exactly like Sherlock and even if Noonian and Mei were Sherlock's dads, they weren't hard on the eyes or nose either.
Other children meant Lucy and Hudson. Course, just at the moment, he was most likely very, very, very, very, oh, so very pregnant. Little clumps of cells looking to cling to the cell walls of his uterus like cancer in a few days to a week.
She documented her theory and plan into the Botany logs. She was halfway done setting up the experiment when Sherlock burst into the lab.
Greg had spent months stuck playing gumshoe. Then months commanding Roman legions in endless wars. A vacation world he'd been happy to escape.
"You mean like you calling me to the bridge to get a tricorder out of your pocket. Or maybe to the biolab because you're sitting on a stylus. You mean draping yourself all over me when we're hosting a diplomatic mission with a race of talking trees and a two hundred year old Vulcan?" John found himself getting more than a bit irritated on his own behalf. "Yeah, I want you to respect me as a professional. I may only have a position on this ship because you gave it to me, but I'll be damned if I'm not respected."
While Bihr's first thought had been to blame Fisher. She said hurriedly, "I believe that the ion storm sent us to a parallel reality." It was a simple conclusion. Cases of individuals unfortunate enough to transport at the same time as their parallels during an ion storm were well documented and the was reason for Starfleet's transporter configuration protocols.
"Oh," John's head fell back on the pillow. He felt his own body with his hands. It seemed very much like he normally kept it, which was an odd thing to do. He said very slowly, "How long have I been here? And where's my husband, Sherlock?"
It had taken so many years to get both of them this comfortable with each other's desires and it was wonderful that they were there now.
Before he could fight back, not that he wanted to, John had him by the neck and arm and, joy, was marching him toward the stairs, door flung out so hard it banged into the wall.
Sherlock flinched at the menace in John’s voice. He cracked his eyelids open enough to see John hunched angrily against the opposite door, eyes on the passing London streets. He was livid.
“You won’t thank me in a minute when that come starts to cool and you're left with a soggy mess stuck to your dick.”
“It’s not clear,” Sherlock hedged. “I remember getting into the cab and… you… not being thrilled with my actions. But I don’t remember arriving or getting into bed.”
“Don’t talk to her that way,” John growled. Sherlock attempted to pull his arm away but John didn’t let go. He’d have his apology.
“I’ve a, uh, a date actually. Laila finally got the nerve to ask me out and I accepted, so we’re going to see the new Tom Hardy thriller. She likes actions movies. Can you believe that? I really lucked out.” He chuckled, a forced thing.
As John stares Sherlock down, he finally registers the low grade tremors that wrack Sherlock’s frame. He’s either trying to vibrate through the chair and escape through the floor boards or he’s actually hearing everything John’s saying and is processing it on some level.
He opened his mouth to put an end to the snog session right then, but something in the way David’s tree trunk arm bunched as he massaged Mary's breast halted John’s intent in its tracks.
He had the man by the throat, arms locked perfectly so the brute could breathe but was restricted and immobile. Sherlock felt his blood pressure spike in the face of John’s utter calm.
"John..." Sherlock snaps John out of his musings with a concerned tone, an uncharacteristically soft thing.
Mrs. Hudson was now bouncing on her toes. "Oh, this is exciting. At the very least we'll get to see Sherlock do the Best Man speech while three sheets to the wind. That ought to be a good one."
John doesn’t laugh when Sherlock rolls his eyes, but it’s a close thing. This bloke clearly has a problem with issuing commands that are already being carried out.
Traffic trickled thin, being Sunday, but Sherlock managed to hail a cab after dragging John for a block or two. John, for once, didn’t complain at being man-handled.
“Huh. All right.” John’s mind seemed to settle on the most obvious reason, to him anyway. “Did you…uh…did you drop out?”
"He's exhausting to look at," Greg commented. John looked guiltily away from Sherlock's arse. Greg didn't seem to have noticed, but John was very aware that his attention had been on Sherlock's body and not his mind.
“Yeah, no, it was…it was, uh, pretty lame, yeah,” John eventually stuttered out, his shoes toeing at the carpet.
! Don’t you dare say a lie of omission isn’t still a lie!” Sherlock was raging mad, his fists balled at his sides, limb shaking.
"Illogical, Sargent. Has our time together proven nothing?" He baited in a clear, steady voice; vain Sherlock to the core. John didn't know how he was pulling it off, as he'd snatched John's hand as soon as it had landed on his thigh and pushed it up, under his coat, to lay over his still throbbing erection. John's stomach did little flips to feel the weight of it, and he was so shocked he couldn't pull his hand away. Hell, he was so stunned he'd actually started stroking the magnificent thing.  He couldn't take his shocked eyes off Sherlock's face, the cool visage still snapping rejoinders at Sally as John worked him in his trousers.
By the time he’d gathered the courage, John was laying supine on the lower half of the sofa, legs dangling off the end, feet kicking to some song played through his headphones. He toyed with his phone, oblivious to Sherlock’s perusal from the doorway.
Sherlock’s ankle was killing him, burning and tight, but he wasn’t going to get up, not if the flat burned around his ears.
Sherlock hadn’t moved an inch. John could see the line of confusion, just there between his brows, and the movement of his eyes behind his almost translucent eyelids, as he did his best to parse this sudden reaction on John’s part.
Sherlock moans, wicked and low, as they meet. His thighs clamp shut around John’s legs and John finds himself pulled down on top. Without breaking contact Sherlock manages to rip away John’s towel and shuffle them the right way in the bed, with John still situated between his spread thighs. He can’t think, between the lush heat of Sherlock’s lips and the evidence of Sherlock’s arousal pressing against his own, it’s pure sensation and little else.
Christ, Sherlock was beautiful. John probably said as much out loud, he had no idea, sometimes that happened around Sherlock. He’d always had that effect on John, rendering him stunned. Being inches from his perfectly proportioned cock was no different, probably dropped his IQ significantly, if anything.
As soon as the door opens and he steps out John is aware of three things. One - Sherlock is still in his pants. Two - he’s sitting stretched out on John’s bed. Three - he’s smiling at John like John has done something fantastic.
John would be ashamed to be advocating drug use if it weren’t for the fact that Sherlock looked so damned sexy doing it. The way his chin jutted out and his lips caught then blew the smoke, it was hypnotizing. And now, with the added effect of the street lights highlighting his features and the shine of ice caught in his hair, Sherlock looked like some sort of forest creature straight from the pages of his Nan’s storybooks- something that would use its beauty to lure unsuspecting victims into the woods. Not evil, no, just mischievous.
“Why not?” He queried, genuinely confused as to why they weren’t snogging. John glanced at the cabbie and Sherlock rolled his eyes. “John, he’s picking up fares after midnight in the rainbow district of Soho, it’s not his first time seeing two blokes snog in the backseat.”
"Find anything interesting?" She asked, mostly to pull his attention away from his own thoughts and into the present.
Even though the subject matter was in essence a boring, standard affair, the way Sherlock commanded the instrument, given his state, made John sit up and pay close attention. He nearly patted himself on the back for his quick thinking, daring Sherlock to play it correctly and not torture it, as was his usual M.O.
He flexed his toes on the carpet and pursed his lips at the smart arse, but sat back down to pull his shoes on. “Stupid git,” John mumbled to himself. “What would you know? Wanting to be warm isn’t a crime. It’s my basic human right not to get pelted with frozen rain. Not to mention arrested for possession.”
Sherlock goes through several facial expressions - confusion, disbelief, curiosity, bewilderment. His mouth opens and closes, seeming to be unable to articulate any one point. Eventually, he rolls back over, contemplating the black above them instead of John’s face.
Her head comes up, her eyes open wide in shock. "No, I wasn't going to!" Followed by a grimace. "I mean, I don't know what you mean."
She grunted again, apparently trying to indicate she’d like the rag removed from her mouth. He untied the knot at the back of her head, doing his best not to pull her hair out, and then gently pulled the cloth free.
He groaned and pulled Sherlock back against him as he went back to giving it his all. Sherlock's nails went back to scraping at the leather.
“Ahh,” John breathed in stunned confusion. As quickly as he could, without being totally obvious, he gathered details about what he was seeing.
“So what’s the plan then Liz?” Keira asked as she and Elizabeth walked away from the plane. Elizabeth did not answer but went directly towards the other plane on the strip, the one that had caused some problems with their own plane landing.
“John!” She shouted and clapped her hands together before prancing over to him. “John Watson! I have been wanting to meet you for months.” She grinned and shook John’s hand eagerly. Then she spun round in excitement, allowing her coat to fly out slightly, before peaking again. “Whenever I spoke to Will on the phone, about 85% of the conversation from his side was about you so I have been eager to meet you.” John looked at her and blinked. Elizabeth sighed. “I call Sherlock Will, seeing as legally his first name is William but only I call him that when I’m pissed off with him, otherwise I call him Will.” She smiled. John slowly nodded his head.
“Out of all the questions I could have expected you to ask Scordato, that was not one of them.” He said. Keira smiled up at him from where she sat.
“Ah, Elizabeth, nice to see you too after all these years.” He said calmly. Elizabeth rolled her eyes.
“Sir? I have- Sir? Are you alright?” He asked. Anderson walked into the office as there was yelling in the corridor.
“Bloody hell…” Lestrade said looking around. In the far right corner was a kitchen with a black and white colour scheme. It was huge and much more modern than would be expected. In the living area there was a large TV on the wall beside a fake fireplace with a couple of arm chairs in front of it. There is a well-used sofa and several surfaces covered in papers and on the adjacent wall there are papers and bulletins pinned to the walls and pin boards on the walls. There was also a large stereo and bookcase along the same wall. Elizabeth emerges from a small stair case, going further down into the apartment and smiles at the men.
“No, she’s a grievance councillor, runs meeting here. Quite useful actually, I needed to visit the science department here about some hands.” She then got out of the car and walked into the main building. Lestrade, Donavon and Anderson just sat in the car. Donovan was the first one to speak.
“Ah, now Miss Cordell.” Elizabeth said to the woman. “I believe you have a slight obsession with Jack the Ripper, correct?” She cocked her head to the side and the woman nodded slightly, crossing her arms.
“I won’t!” Elizabeth shouted in reply. Then after a moment she yelled again. “Mrs Hudson do you have any milk?” Mrs Hudson sighed.
She thought before Elizabeth poked her head around the door. “Well?” She rose an eyebrow. Keira stood there and looked at the mad woman. After a couple of moments she grabbed her gun from her back, made sure it was loaded before putting it back in it’s place and grabbing her coat and keys.
“Ah, I see well I appreciate your assistance. How far are you in the case?” Elizabeth glanced over at Lestrade before looking back at Pankhurst to reply.
“Okay, as lovely as this conversation is, Liz could you possibly give me some kind of explanation?” Elizabeth looked up at Keira and raised an eyebrow.
“I take it we are landing in the UK now then?” She asked, ignoring Keira’s question. Keira chuckled.
“…So yes, if you are able to give those lectures to our Forensics students, the department are more than happy to give you the hands they ordered and allow you to use one of our decomposition sites as well as our labs if needs be.” The young man said. Elizabeth grinned.
“Actually, why did you not tell me you were dating Mycroft?” John said. Lestrade blushed and looked down at the table. Elizabeth snorted.
“Around the last year of my Uni course, I met a young man by the name of James ‘Jim’ Moriarty. He seemed nice enough, we went out with each other as friends a few times but Jim wanted to go a little further. I said let’s give it a go but in the end, I just wasn’t attracted to him like that and he said the same so we just remained friends.” Elizabeth chuckled. “Keira was seething with jealousy whenever we went out together but kept quiet, I believe she was quite relieved when I told her we weren’t together like that.” Elizabeth smiled. John walked over with the tea and gave Elizabeth her cup. She nodded her thanks and took a sip before putting the cup down and continued typing.
“Captain Scordato! Wha-How…?” Keira grinned and put out her hand for him to shake. “What are you doing here?” He asked. Keira shrugged.
“Finally, decided to trust me then?” She asked. Lestrade sighed but nodded his head. “Good now I’ll give you the directions in the car.” She got out her phone again and got into the front seat of the car. Lestrade got into the driver’s seat with his two subordinates in the back. “The person you are looking for is a female, late 30’s, obsession with Jack the Ripper-” She is cut off by Anderson.
“Ah Elizabeth, you’re back.” She then saw John and Lestrade at the door. “John! Oh and the nice Detective, it’s been a while hasn’t it. Shall I put the kettle on?” Before the men could say anything, Elizabeth spoke up, after opening the door to the back garden.
Greg burst out laughing but John was promising revenge, though his lips were unable to remain stern despite his best efforts.
“Tell me we have tea. My kingdom for a cup, that’s all I ask,” he moaned on his way through the kitchen.
“See if she left any nibbles out while you’re down there, would you?” Sherlock didn’t look up as John passed, too distracted by trying to pull his sock off without bending his foot.
“Of course, dear. I’ll bring you up a bag of peas, too, for your lip. Sherlock,” she admonished, “for shame.”
“I think I’ve almost… There, is that it?” John pulls the rigid tool free and lays it in Sherlock’s open palm.
“And you told me that,” he pinched the bridge of his nose, “yeah. I remember now. Your dad's family is from… Greece, right? You said on our first date.”
John knows he must look ridiculous, that his hair is sticking up from static and he’s grinning like a loon, but he’s just so undeniably happy none of that matters. They fight over who’s unbuttoning whose shirt, which seems to take forever in John’s opinion but actually only probably takes a less than a minute.
Contemplation continued as he shed his coat, made his way upstairs, as he kicked off his shoes and flopped onto the sofa.
Once in his room he, dropped his bag, changed with quick efficiency, and stopped briefly to tousle his hair in the mirror. Mary had hated it, so he’d taken to wearing it like that more often. As soon as he was satisfied with the results he left the building, taking the back stairwell to leave so he didn’t have to be confronted by a room full of idiots again.
“Now!” He roared. “I mean it. As far as I’m concerned he did the public a favour. No one in this office will be pressing charges, is that understood?”
"Not sure yet. I think they've got a bet going on whether this is a date or not." He says it so casually John almost forgets to feel embarrassed.
Victor stuck out his hand and finished the lame attempt with, “An old friend from Uni. It’s an honor to meet you, John.”
He swept in and scooped the book out of John’s hands. John, looking startled and somewhat guilty, flinched and flung himself back into the sofa. Mrs. Hudson, of course, squawked at him for being rude. He ignored her in favour of escorting her toward the door.
In true Sherlock fashion, John found himself inconvenienced by the man doing whatever the hell he wanted, which was to snap his hips, thrusting his cock in and out of John’s mouth without care of choking him or appreciating John’s technique. He had to slam his right forearm down across Sherlock’s lower abdomen in an attempt to control the bastard, little good though it did.
“But you’re living together,” Mary, John’s ex, pointed out, halting Sherlock’s progress forward. They were talking about him, about Sherlock.
He gave a great sigh, dramatic, and, for the second time that week, spoke the dreaded, “See me after the lecture, John.”
Sherlock would know. And once he started down that path again, it would start a train wreck of consequences; his brother the least of those calamities.
“God no. Since my parents allowed him guardianship he’s been a terror. He thinks it makes him all-powerful.”
They went into overdrive, pulling at pants and trousers. "Yeah, Greg, sorry. Meet you downstairs in a second," John called back. He prayed his voice didn't give them away.
He can just make out Sherlock’s eyes, the way they scan him, looking for tells. “Not if you’re hiding something. Not if you’re distracted by something.”
Apparently when the Captain of the rugby team suddenly quits, breaks up with his girlfriend and starts shagging any bloke who stands in front of him long enough, people notice. Great. So he was infamous.
Sherlock silently exclaimed in relief, and then immediately chastised himself. He was going to have to try a hell of a lot harder than that to build a wall against John Watson if a few mumbled words of acceptance already had such an effect.
"Simple. He'd taken several painkillers beforehand, so we know it was planned ahead of time. What he didn't plan for was losing so much blood at the rate he did, thus ensuring he didn't have the strength to maneuver the release."
It was time to lay down some truth. If the plan didn't work Greg could always deny ever having the conversation or blame it on the alcohol.
. John's hand would fit into Sherlock's perfectly - small but strong. He wanted people to know John had chosen him, was proud to stand beside him.
They hopped in the cab when one finally stopped and didn’t speak for a few tense minutes. John idly wondered if cabbies could sense the tension in their passengers.
The reasonable explanation cooled Sherlock’s excitement somewhat. Of course John was just looking out for the injured; he was to become a doctor after all. It wasn’t for personal reasons. Feeling suddenly dejected, he was about to make his excuses- Mrs. Hudson could scrub it with alcohol when he got home- when John continued.
John fancies a guess and thinks the man is probably a city boy, a banker or some such. The cut of his clothes, the car he drives, his artfully tousled hair - the man has money, that much is clear. The only thing John can’t figure out is what he’s doing driving across America. He never seems to be enjoying himself, so not on holiday. Perhaps he has business on the west coast but is afraid to fly? That doesn’t seem to fit either. The man seems impervious to fear. John isn’t entirely sure why he thinks so, maybe just in the way he holds himself, the permanently sketched scowl on his face, but that’s the impression he gets. John can picture him shaking off a phobia like a dusting of snow, merely an inconvenience.
“Piss off,” John replied easily, “you’re going to have a splendid bruise tomorrow and I’m quite proud of that.”
John saluted the Major as soon as he approached and received an acknowledging nod in return. Both were unsure of the protocol in the situation, given their shared history, but they muddled along. John couldn't help his smirk as they chatted about nothing at all, though James looked like he'd like to wipe it off himself. John felt as if he were getting away with something, having James at his wedding reception, and though it was wrong to use him thus, John couldn't deny the rush of excitement he gained from it.
Sherlock heaved, stomach protesting the sudden movement, as his weight was carried between two burly officers. At least he assumed they were officers by their abrasive uniforms and the stench of stale coffee. It was a mystery unto itself that he was still able to deduce in his condition.
Sherlock sat back down across and smiled. It was a small thing, but when John responded Sherlock forgot for a long second where he was or what he was supposed to be doing. When John coughed Sherlock snapped back to the moment, but John’s answering smile was saved in a locked box high on a shelf in a room in his mind palace reserved only for private moments.
Warning: Possible trigger for bad parenting of a trans teenager. Please feel free to send feedback on this if I need to change or apply more tags.
He begged off when Scarlett questioned why he hadn’t gotten one for himself, blaming it on a bad tooth; opting for some hot cocoa instead.
John’s breath hitched softly and he nuzzled into the comfort. He closed his eyes and just breathed for a moment. He was sure people were probably watching but he didn’t care.
Gregson looked him in the eye, testing his sincerity. John must have passed muster because Gregson dug in his bag and fished out a small, pristine white business card.
“Soon,” he whispered against cupid bow lips. “The sooner we solve the case, the sooner we can go home, yeah?”
Sherlock grinned up at John, reveling in being proven right. John tried his best to hold back his smile and failed spectacularly. It sent an electric pulse through Sherlock’s abdomen, rolling warm through his limbs to tingle pleasantly in his fingertips. He pulled John down and continued where they’d left off before being interrupted.
“Suppose I didn’t want to think about who came before,” Sherlock growled, getting desperate. “Why do you insist on torturing me? Either get to the point of this nonsense or you can continue on babbling to my corpse, since I’ll have died of a massive stroke.”
Sherlock jams his hands into his pockets, his shoulders up around his ears. "I'm not a trained monkey you know."
“Watson?” The nurse called out while John and Sherlock were busy talking over one another in their embarrassment. John glanced over in surprise, apparently having forgotten already where they were and why.
“All right, I’ve been waiting for fifteen minutes now and if I’m not mistaken this is not where they keep the takeaway boxes.”
He looked down at John’s hand with - not surprise exactly. Curiosity, more like. He studied it like one would a new breed of snake.
was gay." His hand pointing out the difference to show his confusion. "My sister is, you see. That scene there was a pretty familiar one in my house, so I just assumed.” He shrugged.
“Nothing closer open, I’m afraid.” He picked his mobile up from John’s chair and dialed. “What do you want?” He asked, phone tucked between his shoulder and ear.
“Lovely,” John replied, expecting no less of a ridiculous answer. “How about your most cherished childhood memory? You did used to be a child right? You didn’t come fully formed from the sea or anything?” He teased with a grin.
“Did you picture it happening like this?” Sherlock asked, nuzzling John’s cheek with his nose, moving to sniff and lick at his neck. It should have been weird but it wasn’t, it was Sherlock.
"It's fine, Sherlock. Hardly a flesh wound. Burns like hell but I'll live." He let Sherlock fuss until he was assured John was right. "I'm a doctor, remember? And this isn't my first time being shot."
Sherlock lay back down against the mattress and let John continue to run his hands up his forearms. “Yes.”
Sherlock wanted to argue that he wasn’t the one who decided not to pursue a… friendship, but again, he wasn’t supposed to remember any of that.
All told, what should have been a supremely awkward situation hadn’t turned out that bad. Seemed he’d dodged another bullet today.
“Sorry I asked.” John settled more firmly on the bed. It would have been best just to leave but his body didn’t seem ready to cooperate just yet.  And the mystery in front of him was keeping his mind somewhat occupied, so that was a boon.
Sherlock's smirk didn't move at all. "Oh, I don't know. It's a bit flattering really." He slammed back down, hard, and John slapped his hands back onto those now sweaty thighs as he snapped his hips up.
“No,” Sherlock drawls, suddenly twice as focused on John, pouncing on the lie, “your train of thought was derailed when I brought up your muscle memory. If you’d been thinking of your time in the service, it wouldn’t have been.”
Sherlock trembled, barely held restraint locking him in place, as he stared John directly in the eye.
John answered by gripping a fistful of Sherlock’s hair and pulling him backward with it. Sherlock’s back bowed with the maneuver and he sucked in a great, shuttering breath. John slammed into him with abandon, given free rein as it were. The desk was rocking dangerously, the pencil holder and various other detritus a lost cause.  When Sherlock fumbled for John’s hand, the one at his hip, and brought it around to grip his leaking prick, John knew he was close. He bent his knees, just enough to create a different angle and Sherlock’s breathes reached the point of being considered cries.
“Wait," John straightened his spine, "what are you doing in here? Were you just hiding under the coats while two people got off right there?”
She looked John up and down before she shrugged and then, without ceremony, shut the door in his face.
