“Mrs. Bennis, I need to ask you a few questions about last night.” John almost upset his tea as he heard Sherlock’s deep, clear voice directly behind his chair. He hadn’t heard him approach, stealthy blighter.
“I’ll go. I’ll dance. I can dance.” Goldfish need goldfish-level explanations. "I'm good at it."
So he could talk to John now when he was in a coma the way John had talked to him when he was dead.
“Why don’t you get right to it and tell us what favour you need,” Sherlock chimed in. “I’m sure I'll say no directly, but I believe John will require time to work out some kind of polite wording for a refusal.”
Suddenly something shifted in John’s expression. If he'd been worried that John might start tearing off his clothes, he realised, as John ran his hand back through Sherlock’s hair almost caressingly, that he needn’t have been. John tightened his grip on his hair and pulled back gently, causing a highly pleasurable sensation that shot directly to Sherlock’s groin. Sherlock’s eyes locked onto John’s as John cupped his face, and when he kissed him again it was completely different.
Sherlock grinned. “How about chips? There's nothing worthwhile in this neighbourhood; we'll have to get out of here.”
Sherlock thought, even closing his eyes at the profundity of his mistake. John should have smashed his head into the ground a long time ago. It would have saved them the agony of a two-year experiment that Sherlock thought they both needed but realised now they never did.
The server led them round a wall in the back. She entered a security code at a door and they followed her through and up a large, sweeping flight of steps.
“You know nothing of the daily struggle that is curly hair,” Sherlock said, taking his phone out of his pocket as it buzzed.
Sherlock clapped the jacket onto John’s shoulders and said, “Yes, our pet corgi.”
magazines, and it was as they all slid down around him that John decided to take a holiday.
He walked to the kitchen feeling dizzy, the remnants of sleep still pressing heavily around him. He filled a glass of water and carried it to the living room. He tipped two pills into his hand: start strong and reduce with recovery.
Mycroft tightened his grip on his umbrella. There may be a certain kind of sadness for the child who loses his dog, but there’s a certain kind of danger reserved for the person who loses love.
“You said the biscuits were homemade. You often make biscuits but you don’t bother to say you made them because it’s obvious. Specifically mentioning that they’re homemade now is your subconscious way of emphasising that you put time and effort into something for us, which suggests we owe you something in return. Such as," he drawled for flourish, "a favour.”
“Hardly. It tells us the person they’re working for has power and influence. These men would choose years in prison over the consequence of revealing his name.”
Mycroft sat down in the chair next to the bed. “At Baker Street, I believe.”
"Not everything is about
He'd said he needed his blogger, and he meant it. But what he hadn’t told John, and what he hadn’t said again today, was how unlikely and unbelievably efficient it was to have a blogger, doctor, soldier, and best friend condensed into one person. But ‘efficient’ wasn’t the right word. Of course it was
Sherlock is still there, dutifully holding the position.  His nude form looks gorgeous like this, lithe and angular yet still somehow relaxed.  The scars that mar his back cast soft shadows in the lamplight, and John allows himself to admire them unabashed for once.  He knows Sherlock hates his scars, but Christ, John loves them.  They make him look so fucking beautiful.
Full speed ahead!
He sits bolt upright and opens his eyes, glaring daggers at Sherlock.  “Sherlock.  Put that back this instant.”
Sherlock wants to beg, but his mouth won’t form the words.  He’s just uttering mortifying, wet howls, dampened with tears and mucus, broken and punctuated pleas.  John stares down at him, and begins to thrust.
“Noted.”  Aaron tosses back the last of his drink, and the next thing John knows, he’s making a beeline straight for Sherlock.
“Oh! Good morning, you.”  John doesn’t seem at all thrown off by Sherlock’s blatant public display of affection.  He turns around to grin up at him and give him a quick peck on the cheek.  “Sleep well?”
The words seemed to echo in the silence of the bedroom.  At long last, Sherlock’s voice rumbled from the darkness.
John swallows hard.  “Y-yes.  God, yes.”
John grins.  “Good, I’m glad you like it, love.  I like it, too.”  He approaches Sherlock slowly, and reaches forward to fondle his nipples, gently twisting them between his fingers.  Sherlock gasps, his eyes fluttering shut as he surrenders to the sensation.
Despite the fact that John is well aware that Sherlock had a fully-operational system of boltholes and street-level spies under his jurisdiction well before the two of them crossed paths, it never ceases to catch him off guard just how
“Mmm.  Think maybe you’d like to touch yourself a little bit for me?”
“Come here.”  Seb’s pulling hip up by his arm and Sherlock stumbles to his feet, his legs all pins and needles from kneeling on the floor so long.
“So I can
With tears in his eyes, Sherlock pushes back up onto his hands and moves to ascend the final flight of stairs to their landing.
Sherlock feels his lips curl up in a smile.  “Me, too, John.  Me, too.”
Jenny’s risen to her feet as well and is staring down at the charred delicacies, a look of total solemnity on her face.  “Unusual finish on these, in my opinion.  Is this how they do it up proper in the
“Yes.”  Sherlock’s voice has gone low and soft.
Sherlock pauses to consider it.  After a moment, he reaches his conclusion.  “Yes, I think so.  I’m usually… pretty well under, so I don’t exactly register your proximity when you’re gone, just that you’re… ignoring me.  Which I like.”
“Were they engaging in fellatio?”
Cool air floods his lungs as his surroundings snap jarringly into focus.  He’s completely, utterly disorientated-- it’s dark, it’s so dark here, everything around him is just vague shapes, the memory of the glaring sunlight receding rapidly to shadow as reality twists and morphs.  It’s
Sherlock rolls his eyes.  “Please, John, I’m a damn professional.  If I can’t get off a pair of cheap handcuffs, then what the hell am I doing in the crime-fighting business?”
Sherlock issues a sound that’s somewhere between a moan and a whimper, and shivers.
from his prostate-- but he fucking
“Yes.  She was shot in front of us.”
“What?
“Oh fuck.  Fuck, fuck,
“Lovely.  How do you… how do you want to do this?”
John pauses his movement for a split second-- just long enough to turn the vibrator on and press it ruthlessly against Sherlock’s prostate.
“John, don’t panic, I’m not going to put it inside you.”
He somehow manages to nod, and then there are hands, warm and strong and steady, rubbing his back and shoulders and up his neck.
Sherlock makes himself sit down and breathe.  He tries to remember some of the tactics that Anthony, the trauma counsellor they’d been seeing together, had taught Sherlock for times that his separation anxiety kicks in.
That’s not how this works.
Finally, John comes to stand beside him, looking down at him with unbridled adoration.  Sherlock preens.
At last, success; the
“Jesus.”  Greg collapses back into the booth, shaking his head.
“God, I love you so much, Sherlock, fuck, I love you, I love you, love you--
“Oh, Christ, John, spank me, please…” He doesn’t even register his lips forming the words; they seem to tumble out of their own accord, desperate and needy.
“Yes.”
to him?”
It’s hard getting out of bed this morning.  The depression settles across his shoulders like a wet wool blanket, thick and oppressive in its weight.  He tries to focus on the good things: On the sound of Sherlock engaging in early morning babble with Rosie (he loves eavesdropping on the two of them through the baby monitor).  On the fact that Sherlock’s current job will be wrapping up soon, and they’d been discussing taking a family mini-break to the country.  On the knowledge that the last time he’d visited his mother, she’d inquired about Sherlock’s wellbeing without flinching or referring to him as John’s flatmate.
with Scotland Yard, if you can believe it, and so
Because tonight, they’re going to
so hot and tight he feels like he can barely breathe with the delicious sensation of it, but he needs to take this opportunity to assert his control.
The cool metal discs feel soothing against his tongue, and he watches with a keen sense of curiosity as John picks up his discarded garments from the floor and deposits them haphazardly on the loveseat.  Then John makes his way over to a cupboard next to the filing shelves, opens it, and begins to rummage through it.
“God, your virgin hole looked so gorgeous stretched around my cock… fuck, still does, you know, you’re as tight as the day I first took you, sweetheart.  Remember how hard you came with me inside you, that first time?  All over your own fist while I railed you from behind--”
“WHY NOT?”  Sherlock can feel the indignation clawing up the back of his throat, threatening to choke him.
“I--oh, God!  Yes!”
“Yes, John!  GAH!  AH!  Give-- give it to me!  Make me… make me take it!”
in place.
rigorous session of Unwinding immediately upon Sherlock’s return home following the requisite medical inspection to assess the minor laceration on his shoulder.
“Mmm.  How are you feeling, Sherlock?  Too sore, or do you want to go again?”  John’s dying to sink into the tight, slick heat that he’s currently only teasing the entrance to, but he knows between the vibrating plug and the rather rough intercourse they’d had last night, Sherlock might be a bit tender.
“Beatrice!
The third orgasm hits him out of nowhere.  One moment he’s delighting in the way that John is plucking at his nipple with
“Thank you.”
John shakes his head.  “Not sure.  Last I heard, she was still pretty narrowly outrunning a lot of very bad people who were after her.  Returning to London and simply getting back to her old tricks seems…
“... Sherlock?  You alright?”
“Please do.”  She turns and pauses with her hand on the doorknob before turning back, her gaze steady and sure.  “Oh, and John?  Be careful.”
“Yes, Captain.”
I’ve had some requests to see these two using their newly-acquired skills from therapy, so here we have it.
“God-- ngh! Ngh! Ngh! Ohhh…”  John’s forehead drops down to rest against Sherlock’s own, and Sherlock can hear the familiar sound of his feet scrabbling for purchase against the linen sheets.  He’s pistoning into Sherlock frantically now, so hard and fast that Sherlock swears he can feel the burst of pressure of each stroke in the back of his own throat, the force of his rocking so hard he can barely breathe.
Sherlock nods gratefully.  Having John’s tags in his mouth gives him something to focus on besides what’s happening to his transport, which is often helpful when they reach this point in a session, as Sherlock’s body grows sensitive from overuse.
John blinks twice.  “But it’s… it’s different from… your other.  Your other.  Thing.”
Sherlock lets out a guttural moan, then John feels his muscles begin to coil in preparation for release.  Grinning to himself, John doubles down on his efforts.
peep of anklebone when he crosses his legs and angles himself in John’s direction.  He rounds it all off by popping open another button on his shirt, exposing as much of his neck as he felt he could get away with in present company, and then tipping his head to the side as delicately as possible.
Sherlock nods eagerly.  “Yes, please, John.”
Never too proud to beg for comments.
John sinks a finger in up to his second knuckle, then makes a light hum of approval.  “Mmm, Christ, you’re nice and wet, aren’t you?”
John raised his eyes expectantly.
“If I told you I have a secret superpower that alerts me every time you have an orgasm, would you believe me?”
This was a goddamn case, not a kinky fact-finding expedition.
Sherlock doesn’t even notice when John reaches over to grab the lube.  All he knows is that somehow John’s fingers are suddenly slippery-slick and drifting lower to fondle his sac before venturing lower still.  Sherlock mewls and pulls his thighs back towards his chest to allow John easier access.
He doesn’t let Sherlock pull away.  He keeps kissing him, slow and sure and deep, until he feels Sherlock’s hands come to rest on his waist and he senses the tension gradually melting out of Sherlock’s coiled muscles.  He kisses him hard and certain and full of promise as Sherlock surrenders, and kisses him back.
His own supplication intoxicates him, allowing him a kind of freedom that he’s never found anywhere else.  Only here, with John, like this.
“I know that at some point you exchanged sexual favours for drugs, or for the money to buy drugs.  I know that most of your clients were men in positions of power within the government.  And I know that they treated you terribly, and took advantage of your desperate state.  I know that experience led to you declaring your body was Just Transport.”
Sherlock feels strange and off-kilter.  His minimal conversations with John feel stilted, and his mind is scattered.
since he’s come, God, it’s going to be
“Oh!  Um, yes, sorry.  Just… distracted.  Long week.”  Sherlock shifts awkwardly from foot to foot, attempting to ignore the sumptuous friction of silk against his suit trousers.  “What were you saying?”
about just how much John lusted after him: leading him on with his popped collar and swaggering gait when they were out on London streets, bending over just a
“Alright.  I’m going to start with your chest and arms only; your legs will still be free.”  Sherlock knows why John is telling him this; during one of their post-mortem conversations about bondage, Sherlock had mentioned that sometimes having his legs restrained made him feel panicky, so ever since then, John had started asking for consent to do that separately from the other types of bondage they engaged in.  “Can we review our rules, sweetheart?”
Mycroft strides into the room with his typical aura of disengaged nonchalance.  He’s carrying a snifter of brandy, though it looks untouched.  He rakes his gaze over Sherlock and John in turn, then pinches the bridge of his nose and takes a wholly theatrical swig of his drink.
“Yes, John.”  Sherlock’s voice is low and soft.  John loves it when he grows docile like this.
Sherlock reaches back to grab his cheeks and dutifully pull them apart.  John hisses as he withdraws his spent member, and Sherlock winces at the gaping feeling of openness.  Then John’s fingers are there, prodding ever so delicately at his rim, and Sherlock slams his eyes shut at the cloying invasiveness.
John laughs despite himself.  “Honestly, with timing this uncanny, I just might be inclined to.  What are you up to?  Everything alright with your parents?”
“Well actually, yes, a bit.  I told Molly I’d drop off these coroner’s reports for her to review before the end of her shift.  And besides, I’m not… I’m not exactly in the headspace at the moment.  I need a second to… to
Well, damn.  Seems Sherlock was rather fond of the idea as well.  John mentally commends himself for his read on the situation, then lowers the lighter to ignite the wick.
John’s dissolved into giggles now, too, imagining the look of mortification on Sherlock’s face as his precious locks fell to the ground in the wake of his mishap.
his erection still flagged, and he’d been unable to reach climax.
“You alright, Sherlock?”
John holds up his hand, an unreadable expression on his face.  “Sherlock, stop.  Where… where the hell is this coming from?”
“Yeah, texting me to buy milk, the ignorant git.  I swear to God--”
John smiles.  “You’re welcome.  Night, love.”
Either way, she just shakes her head witheringly.  “You know how your relationship works in your day-to-day life has
Tonight is no exception.  John had taken him down to the laboratory in 221C, which is how Sherlock knew he was in for a
“Yes, I’m here, sweetheart, and you’re doing beautifully.  I’m touching myself while I watch you, and it feels amazing.  You make me feel so good, love.”
“Then WHAT IS IT, John?”  Sherlock glares up at him, and John is startled and slightly horrified to note there are actual
per se.  Yes, John’s taken the lead and yes, John’s calling the shots, but he’s not giving Sherlock orders and he’s not tying him up, spanking him, edging him, or controlling his orgasms.  They’re hovering in that grey area between vanilla sex and a session, and it dawns on him that he’s finding it wholly unobjectionable.  There’s a time and a place for their sessions, yes.  But there’s also a time and a place for their old-fashioned post-case-sex-marathons, and he finds he’s equally keen about that prospect as well.
But what
clawing their way up his passage, making him feel unsteady and overstimulated, he settles.  John strokes his hair, and stares at the screen.
“Fuck.  Guess I’d better switch to water if I don’t want to be a mess at the mass tomorrow.”
Just then, John moseys back in from the bathroom, carrying a warm, wet flannel, which he flings in Sherlock’s direction.  Sherlock catches it despite himself (damn his reflexes) and pulls himself into a sitting position, crinkling his nose in disappointment.  What a horrid start to the day.
“Are you--”
Sherlock feels every damn inch like he’s never felt it before.  The feeling of John’s frenulum catching ever so slightly as it passes his rim, the throbbing heat of John’s skin
But the next thing he feels is not that.
Sherlock’s hands have flown up beside his head and are clenching the Union Jack pillow upon which he’s reclined with fervent intensity.  His eyes are shut, and he’s panting obscenely.
“Sherlock, how could you
Sherlock relaxes.  Alright.  Alright, then, that was… a good sign?  Maybe John’s changed his mind, now that the moment is upon them.  Maybe there’s still something salvageable in all of this, after all…
“Ohhhh…” Sherlock moans, and his head lolls a bit to the side.  In the reflection in the mirror, he sees John smile.
“Why would I be wearing the collar and cuffs?”
Sherlock,
<12:03> Sherlock.
“Mmm, love, I think you’re nice and ready for me.”  John pulls back the duvet, revealing a case of bedhead so ludicrous, Sherlock would have mocked him relentlessly were he not quite so incapacitated by lust.  “Do you want me to finish you off, or do you want to come on my cock?”
“There we go, that’s it, nice and steady.”  John extends his hand and Sherlock eagerly crawls towards it until John’s fingers are curling into his hair, rewarding him for his obedience.  “Beautiful, gorgeous, so lovely,
“There we go, very nice.  You going to let me push a little out of you, love?”
Sherlock’s back is rigid, spine ramrod straight save for the telltale curve near his coccyx, where he always tilts his hips when he’s being penetrated from behind.  His shoulders are locked out where he’s pressing against the floor with all his strength, willing his hands to remain in position.  His thighs are trembling, knees parted slightly where they’re still resting resolutely on the Union Jack pillow.  His toes are curled under, clenched tight against the rug.  His head is raised, and he’s issuing sharp, animalistic grunts from somewhere deep inside of him.
Ah, the divorce papers. Interesting.
“You know, just for future reference, pulling a gun and ordering someone to take their trousers down does tend to
“The infamous Frederick Davis case, 1902. Triple homicide: wife and children. He was acquitted due to lack of evidence. Apparently the inspectors handling the case were about eight years old; at least that seems to be the only probable explanation for such shoddy detective work.”
Sherlock opened the door and there was a soldier standing in the living room.
No, he belonged on the battlefield and he was content to die there. He wasn’t afraid. The needle in his vein now wasn’t about where he was going. It was about who he was leaving behind. Any consideration of
He'd never met anyone like John before—there was no one like John—and not in his wildest dreams had he imagined he would ever meet someone he liked so much. John groaned and rolled and Sherlock’s muscles tensed. He felt helpless, paralysed. He couldn’t move forward and he wouldn’t move back. How could he save John from his own mind?
“I know Hell doesn’t exist, but, erm, what you said before… It was—or, I wanted to…”
“Oh come on,” John said. “Are you serious?”
"You did; you went straight from the Liquorice Castle to the Lollipop Woods."
Mycroft sighed audibly. “So we’re not skipping it then.” He pulled a manila envelope out from underneath the newspaper on the table and held it out toward John. “Kindly have a look at this.”
As self-absorbed as he might be, he was not oblivious to the fact that John sacrificed a lot for him. So regardless of his own feelings about giving up the only person he’d ever truly cared for, he had promised himself he wouldn’t wreck the marriage, and indeed vowed to John that he’d do everything in his power to support it. This was why he’d convinced John to forgive Mary after she’d shot him (though he hadn’t been as keen on her himself after that). And why he’d ignored the signs of the declining marriage afterward. He couldn’t acknowledge being such a consistently destructive force in John’s life.
Mary watched motionlessly as John glanced through the documents. He scratched his signature at the bottom of various pages. He walked back to her, holding out the packet.
was drifting off the body in his arms in gentle waves of comforting familiarity. It was everything he associated with 221B: the freedom he'd found from the pathetic little post-Afghanistan flat that would have killed him, and now the freedom from a marriage that would have done the same.
“Two men, brothers, late-twenties. Lestrade’s holding them until the trial. He’s got enough evidence to strap them with a long sentence. Said he offered to reduce it for the name of the man who hired them, but they won’t talk.”
“Is or was?”
John flinched and Sherlock stepped toward him. “Sorry,” he said using the same concerned puppy-eyes he’d used in Dartmoor when John figured out Sherlock had tried to drug him. No wonder Sherlock was so successful at manipulation; anyone who could manage puppy-eyes like
"You're both."
“Do I?”
“Money.”
The point of the stories was to remind Sherlock he wasn’t special, despite their parents insisting he was. Sherlock was a genius, he was beautiful, but he wasn’t special. He wouldn’t be immune to the forces that would line up against him: the fate of all people who are different. (“When a great genius appears in the world the dunces are all in confederacy against him,” Johnathan Swift had famously written and Mycroft remembered it well.) People would hate Sherlock, Mycroft knew. Jealousy combined with the inability to understand him would make it the most vicious kind of hatred, and Sherlock’s unwillingness to disguise his arrogance would only make it that much easier for the people who would condemn him. It was obvious—entirely predictable for anyone who knew anything about the world and Mycroft certainly knew enough.
“Right,” came Sherlock’s voice, muffled by the water. “Out in a minute.”
John walked casually into the lobby of the office building just a few blocks from Trafalgar Square. It had been easy enough to look up Moran’s office, and a quick call to his secretary confirmed the time of his last appointment.
When John had got the flat to stop spinning enough to walk to the living room, he found Sherlock stretched out on the couch, laptop balanced on his thighs. John wondered if he’d slept on the couch or if he’d slept at all. He felt guilty about having taken his flatmate’s bed, but on the other hand Sherlock probably wouldn’t have used it anyway.
“Nothing,” he hissed, scrunching up his face in frustration.
“Sergei. He came here and attacked us. Lio killed him,” Sherlock explained perfunctorily.
John rolled his eyes. “That's a load of bollocks and you know it. You're not some creature that doesn't have human emotions, Sherlock, you might have a different way of expressing or feeling them, but you still have them.”
“Leave it to you to make it sound so clinical. But yes, I would like to have sex with you again.”
“No sign of a struggle or forced entry. He doesn't have any defensive wounds, or any wounds that we found at first glance. Anderson's in the kitchen, checking for poisons.”
“Hmm. Do you know what it is?”
“I'm upset that you're assuming we’re going to let him kill anyone else.”
“Four.”
John slammed home once more, coming inside as Sherlock's third orgasm was dragged from him. It was relatively weak compared to the previous two and flowed around John's hand.
“I'm tryin' to think of somethin' appropriate to say for that and I've got nothin',” John mumbled into the crook of Sherlock's neck.
A hypodermic needle, similar to what a diabetic would use for insulin, rested in John's hand. Sherlock spun away from him and hovered over the body again, examining the fingertips. He rolled the sleeves up and checked the crooks of his elbows.
with Sherlock? John frowned deeply and looked down at the sleeping man next to him. They'd slept in the same bed before, of course, on cases when the need arose, but they always stayed firmly on their side of the bed. What was different now? What changed? Sherlock's miraculous return from the dead and subsequent destruction of Moriarty's web? Did that mean he was more free with his...affections? That didn't make any sense. That first night, Sherlock said he was married to his work and wasn't open to pursuing any romantic relationships. It wasn't Moriarty then, but something else.
Sherlock seemed to read his expression. “You don't have to.” He was also propped up on his elbows, watching John with such undisguised lust that John didn't even think about it and took the head in his mouth. It tasted and smelled vaguely of the body wash they used last night, but also the salty bitterness of pre-come. Thinking about what he liked, he swirled his tongue around a few times and dipped his head lower, coming back up slowly and dragging his lips. He pushed Sherlock's legs further apart, releasing his cock and peppering his inner thighs with soft kisses. He alternated between legs a few times, noting how Sherlock's hands were fisted in the sheets. He turned his attention back to Sherlock's leaking member, lifting it and running his lips along the vein underneath and swirling his tongue under the corona. He put the head back in his mouth and sank down as far as he could, using his hands for what he couldn't reach. One of Sherlock's hands made its way the back of his head. He wouldn't lie, that made him a little nervous, but he trusted Sherlock not to gag him.
and then there’s nothing John can do but climb on top of him, press down against him, move with him as their lips eagerly meet once more.  Sherlock spreads his legs and John settles between them and it’s as natural as breathing, their bodies perfectly in sync as they find solace in each other.
John finds Sherlock perched beside Rosie’s crib, scrolling through his phone.  Rosie is, as Harry stated, fast asleep.  Sherlock gives John a guilty smile and pockets the device.
Sherlock nods, and resolutely soldiers on, trying to be as diplomatic as possible.  “It’s, um… It’s that John and I engage in a variety of activities when we’re intimate.  Sometimes we do things one way, sometimes we do things another way.  But now, John only wants to… wants to do them one way.  But I still sometimes want to… do them the other way.  In the past, we’ve always mixed things up, but he’s told me now he doesn’t want to do that anymore, and only do things one certain way, and I’m not sure I… I’m not sure I can do that.  Not… not do things the other way anymore.”
He massages his sac indulgently, pressing lightly on his perineum with his index finger before pulling down with a gentle tug.  He lets his eyes flutter shut, then tips his head back and
“Easy there, love, it’s not a race.  Nice and slow.  No rush, shh, come here…”
John doesn’t really register most of what she’s saying.  He’s lost in his own head, spinning a beautiful, intoxicating fantasy.
“You were imagining we were
He thinks of Mary.  Of her sacrifice.  Of what she’d wanted his future with Rosie to be.  For all that had been broken between the two of them by the time of Mary’s death, her wish that Sherlock be the one to put John back together again is something John will never take lightly.  She’d wanted John and Sherlock to work it out, to give Rosie the family she deserved.  The enormity of that doesn’t escape him.  And they’d been trying-- God
like a Dark Mood, but Sherlock hadn’t had one in a while, and John was understandably concerned that he was due for one.
He gives John his most coquettish smile.  “Yes, John.”
Next, John opens up the closet and rummages about until he finds the box he’s looking for.  He returns just in time to see the grimace on Sherlock’s face as he slides the large plug into himself, his brow dewey with sweat, eyes scrunched closed with the effort.
Suddenly Javier pulls away with a shout, leaving Victor gape-mouthed and gasping on his knees.  Javier grips the base of his cock and groans, clearing fighting to stave off an orgasm.  Victor hazards a glance over at Sherlock and issues a cheeky shrug.  “Guess I got a bit carried away.”
John, I didn’t know… I didn’t know… you felt that way.”
They break apart and she raises her arms, allowing him to pull it over her head.  He tosses the interfering contraption decide, and takes in the scene before him.
For him to kneel on.  Right.
Because they are here, and they are
That night, secure under the covers after a round of rather mind-blowing sex, John had pressed a light kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head as he held him in the afterglow.  “So I’ve decided we can try it, if you want.”
“Alright, love.  Tell me when.”  With that, John begins to apply firm pressure against Sherlock’s cheek.  When Sherlock doesn’t respond, he moves his hand a bit to the right, and tries again.
I’m ready for you, I need you, I
Sherlock explodes into another fit of giggles, burying his face in John’s neck.  “Really?”
“Indeed.  Imagine how
“Could be.  Mistakes happen.”
“Oh, fuck, yeah, okay--” And without another moment’s hesitation, John reaches down and stuffs the panties into Sherlock’s mouth, then grabs him by the wrists, pins his arms resolutely above his head, and begins to fuck him mercilessly.
John shrugs.  “‘Course it was.  It always is.  It’s never black or white, there are shades of grey,
“Um, let’s see.”  John scissors his fingers open deep inside Sherlock’s channel, and Sherlock jerks and grunts, but quickly settles.  “The pyramids of Giza.  The statue of Zeus in… Olympia, I think?  Then I think one was some sort of mausoleum…”
Sherlock offers him a deceptively bland smile, then turns on his heel and makes his way towards the exit, letting his hips sway just a
“Mmmhmm.”  Sherlock’s voice has gone low and soft.  His eyes are closed, and his head is lolling lazily to one side as he loses himself in John’s gentle touch.
“Sherlock just put her down, she’s out cold.  I’ll stick around in case she wakes up.”
benevolent.  Benevolent enough to oblige.
“What?!” In an instant Sherlock’s propped upright on his forearms, the alertness in his eyes completely contrary to the debauched state of his body.
and Sherlock is arching and calling out his name as John slicks up one finger and guides it to his entrance.  Then John lowers his head to take the tip of Sherlock’s cock between his lips, and in one simultaneous slide he presses his finger into Sherlock as he swallows his cock fully down his throat.
Jenny grins at him.  “So that’s your foundation.”
He clicks on the latest video.
“John!”
feels wrong to me, whereas really, I should have asked why it feels
“I like them.” (John internally breathed a sigh of relief.)  “But I’ve done those things with other people.  Those things and more.  But the intercourse I’ve only done with you.”
in an
Sherlock’s gaze narrows appraisingly as he removes his fingertips from his nipples, t-shirt falling effortlessly back into place.  “Hi, John.”
“That’s what I thought.”
Javier grunts and shifts.  “Yes.  Yes, God, yes, Victor,
Behind him, he hears John issue an exasperated sigh.  He’s gently massaging Sherlock’s arsecheek, his ministrations tender and encouraging, but when he speaks, his tone is completely at odds with his actions.
Oh, what the hell.
“Mmm.  And did you like what you saw?”
Turned out, not only did Sherlock adore it, but this had also led to the discovery of Sherlock’s criminally short refractory period.  Lucky turn-up, that.
“Hmm.  Good.”  John strides over to pick up one of the chairs beside the fireplace, and carries it over and places it behind Sherlock’s strung-up form.  Next, he steps forward to pick up the two dangling ends of the jute ropes he’s used to tie the knots that run from Sherlock’s pelvis down his thighs to his knees.  “So listen up, sweetheart.  I’m going to suspend you for a bit.  You remember our rules for suspension?”
And now John was saying he wanted more, that they weren’t
He clears his throat.  “I’m sure.”
“Right, John.  Sorry, John.”
He reaches inside, and pulls out a small black box.  Sherlock recognises the logo on top of it, and his breath catches in his throat.
John scooped up more come and Sherlock diligently sucked his fingers clean.  “Do you want to touch yourself?  Go on, make yourself come for me.”
John simply leans forward and kisses him again as he begins to scissor his fingers ever so slightly.  Sherlock quivers and moans hotly into his mouth.
Sherlock shakes his head, cheeks flushing in apparent embarrassment.  “I’m… I’m
He holds Sherlock’s head steady, clenching his hair tightly in his hands, and takes his pleasure without hesitation.  They’ve done this so many times over the years, John barely has to keep himself in check anymore; he knows just how far he can push Sherlock without choking him, and he doesn’t have to worry about overwhelming Sherlock, knowing that he’s well-versed in this particular act.  It’s a simple, easy way to start
makes John want to drag Sherlock into the back chambers of the courthouse and do some very
and withdraws his finger entirely.
“I don’t think so.  I don’t think either of them saw us.”
John gives a slow nod.  “I understand.  I realise something like that doesn’t just… disappear overnight.”  Sherlock manages a small smile.  “But… you do understand that I wasn’t proposing we have another child because
“Good.  Very nice.  Can you try and straighten your leg, now?”  Sherlock does, but John’s knots hold fast; he can scarcely move a millimeter.  He lets out a groan of supplication.
But before he can finish, Sherlock is on his feet, hauling John up off his knees rather crudely; John wobbles a bit as he acclimates to standing again.  “Javier, I am
Sherlock licks his lips.  “Hell yes.”  And with that, he reaches forward, threads his fingers through Javier’s locks, and pulls him in for a searing kiss.
John--” Sherlock’s spine curls and his abs tremble as he arches a bit.  His free hand comes up to pluck his own nipples, which are peaked and flushed in the cool air of the room.  The hand on his cock begins to move faster.  For a moment, his eyes flicker back to the screen where, fortunately, Jude and the blonde (Candice?  Kendall?) and now having a frolic in the snow-covered gardens.
Only to find it damp and already softening.
and he arches his back to let John take him deeper, push him further, and John obliges, and it’s so intense that Sherlock is momentarily vaguely concerned he’s about to black out.
John’s brow furrows.  “What are you talking about?  You were fine.  Quiet, but that’s okay.  No one’s asking you to be the life of the party.  It just means the world to me that you were there.”  He sounds so earnest, so
When he speaks again, his tone is softer, more patient.  “Love, it isn’t something that I can explain easily.  A lot of it’s to do with
Just when he feels that it’s all about to give way-- to implode, or explode, or shatter or collapse or fall completely, irrevocably apart--
proud of our life!”
“Sure, yeah, of course… like… like this?”  John complies helpfully.
Sherlock takes a deep breath in an attempt to slow his galloping heart.  “I… yes I’m fine, I was just… startled.  Wasn’t… wasn’t expecting that.”
Sherlock swallows wetly.  “I think I can… mmm, fuck, I’m close.  I’m so close.  I can… I can come untouched.”
John clears his throat and takes a deep breath before verbalising what he knows he needs to say next.  “The issue here is that you and I have a history of violent altercations that were not safe or consensual.  In the past, I have hit you out of anger, and that is completely unacceptable.”
” Sherlock is up off the sofa and crowding into John’s personal space in record time, peering eagerly over his shoulder.
And here was one of their conquests, in the flesh.  John’s position on the floor feels suddenly much more humiliating.
painful sex; he’d always been perfectly upfront about that.  Furthermore, John
John lowers his voice seductively.  “Of determining how good you are at belonging to me.”
is the one who gets to decide when he fucking
“No.”
<19:22> rosie is asking for the wipe wipe song and she’s about to have a meltdown please help asap
“Jesus
“John?  Did you see Sherlock when you thought he was dead?”
“Do you think Aaron knows?”  John’s propped up against the headboard, muscles relaxed, gazing dazedly off into the distance, the dopamine from the previous night’s indulgences still fresh in his veins.
on that sort of thing.  And while we agreed that neither of us wanted to make a big to-do, other people might be offended that they were… well, that they were excluded from sharing in the joy of it with us.”
And this…
, loud enough that it echoes even in the sound-proof room.  The sensation reverberates straight to his core as the plug shifts and bumps up against his prostate, and his cock leaps to life. “AUGH! Yes,
“How does that feel, love?”
“Not especially.”
“How are you feeling?”
This is something they’d done years ago, back before the Fall, before they’d even give any of this a name.  Their encounters following cases were always rough and frantic, and John coming on Sherlock’s face had been one of the most common activities they’d engaged in when they were hopped up from the adrenaline high.  It had felt wildly deviant at the time.
John reaches down and gently tips Sherlock’s chin up.  “Don’t worry, love.  I think you’ll like this game.”
edge up against Sherlock’s boundaries
causing John to flush with mortification as he texted her back to say that yes, she could bring Rosie back up any time.
“So.”  Jenny gives him a warm smile.  “Want to tell me what happened?”
it seemed to John’s jealous subconscious) in bed, sleeping off the rigors of his stressful work week.  Instead of mucking about in the icy December rain, they could have a pleasant afternoon in, drinking tea, reading… perhaps warming up the bed yet again...
In fact, for the most part, Sherlock doesn’t detect much of a change at all.  And he supposes that shouldn’t surprise him; it wasn’t like he and John had been having sessions all the time.  They generally saved the power exchanges for special occasions, like after the conclusion of a particularly intense case, or nights when Rosie was staying with Mrs. H or Molly or Sherlock’s parents-- which wasn’t more than once every few weeks.
Sherlock screams again, lower this time.  John’s been prepping him so long he feels obscenely wet and open.  He wishes John would just
The door is open-- he’s well on his way to winning her back.
as he moves into position.  God, Sherlock Holmes was
John leans down and forces his tongue as far as he can straight into Sherlock’s open hole.
used with her clients?
He strides purposefully into the room to stand before Sherlock, staring down at him imposingly.  Sherlock blinks up at him, demure and soft, before holding the belts up towards John, imploring him to take them.
“Now, this next part is very important.  Are you paying attention?”
“I think they’ve taken a liking to each other.”
Sherlock bites his cheek.  “But I was awful.”
Sherlock gives him a knowing smirk.  “Good grief, Watson, has anyone ever told you your obsession with my arse is borderline unhealthy?”  He spins around and bends over, and John gleefully parts his two plush orbs before reaching between them to pull out the plug.
“Did that turn you on?”
he is.  Then Sherlock drinks the water and John turns out the lights and pulls the duvet over them, and holds Sherlock in his strong arms as the darkness rises up to meet them, until all is still and calm once more.
The guttural consonants of the word catch painfully in Sherlock’s throat, and it emerges as barely more than a low whisper.
Sherlock had taken Rosie to his parents’ country house for the weekend.  They’d been badgering him to do so for weeks, but John’s Friday shift had the surgery had prevented them from making the journey together, and eventually Sherlock had capitulated and announced he was taking Rosie himself.  John had been rather surprised at Sherlock’s willingness to engage in any type of family function without John making thinly-veiled threats or bribing him with elaborate sexual favours, so he’d been initially been skeptical of Sherlock’s motives.
John finally breaks the kiss, his lips spit-slick and his tongue swollen with lust.  Sherlock’s eyes blink open, and he gapes up at John, lost in arousal.
talk to them, and they can help you figure out some of these… well, stickier points, as it were.”
“I.  I need.  You to fuck me.  Now.  Please.”
“Touche, Holmes.  Touche.”
“Why?”  His voice sounds muddled and whiney.  He doesn’t care.
He’s about to make good on the impulse when he pauses. Throwing the doorbell out would probably upset John, and John was bound to be stressed out as it was, what with having to deal with his family and all.  It always made John stressed when he had to see his family.  So Sherlock pauses, and after a moment of deep introspection, he elects not to throw the doorbell out after all.
A sign.
But Aaron had showed up on the doorstep the next day, meek and abashed and more than a little lost.  And John realised that Aaron was a good person; he was just confused and scared.  He’d just left the military and was trying to figure out how to live his life as an openly gay man after so many years in the closet.  John’s heart had broken for him a little bit that day.
John shakes his head vehemently.  “No.  No, absolutely not, don’t even
just every so slightly against the front of his throat, reminding Sherlock that John could strangle him at any moment, and there wasn’t a damn thing he could do about it.  John could kill him right now if he wanted. (Sherlock would let him.)  (He’d never tell him that.)
Sherlock comes.
John swallows hard.  “Good.”
that had risen up inside of him like a dormant plague, suddenly blossoming and festering to the surface after years lying in wait.
“Who?”
but as long as you wank off to women, you get to avoid that icky
“I was simply trying to save you both the trouble--”
“Nnngh.  Yes, John.”  Sherlock’s response is half-muffled by where he’s nuzzled into the pillow, but one glance down at his cock reveals he’s feeling just fine; His prick is fully engorged and dripping precome, nearly purple it’s so flushed with arousal.
for Christ’s sake.  And he was John Watson: soldier, doctor, dutiful son and brother, unapologetic womaniser, and staunch heterosexual.  And that was that.
is his true death, the death of his selfish self, the abandonment of body and mind at John’s behest.  This is his sacrifice.
of the front door lock reverberates down the hall, and in an instant, Sherlock’s heart is beating triple-time.  He scrambles into position, tucking his legs beneath himself and folding his hands dutifully in his lap.  His cock is half-hard, but he ignores it, gazing with rapt attention at the doorframe.
“Good.  Open your mouth.”  Sherlock complies thoughtlessly.  John presses three of his fingers inside.  “Get my fingers wet.  Want to play with your hole now.”
“Oh, fuck, Sherlock!  FUCK!  Oh God, your arse… gonna… gonna claim your arse, come inside you, fill you up until you’re leaking and filthy--”
, so Sherlock usually wears a condom on the rare occasions that he tops.
“I’m going to watch a movie.  You can join me.  Go sit on the sofa.  I’ve put a towel down for you; you’re very messy.”
Sherlock swallows, then seems to steady himself.  “So.”
Sherlock’s voice is suddenly low in John’s ear, but when he speaks, it’s loud enough for Javier to overhear.  “Remember our rules.  No coming unless I tell you to.  Hands over the clothes until I say otherwise.  You stop when I say.  You step out of line, you don’t get your treat.  Understood?”
Sherlock gives a tiny nod.
The victim is completely nude, arms and legs affixed to the bedposts with lengths of black jute rope (6 millimeters, by John’s initial approximation), tied in an intricate
he’d tie him up and fuck him with the vibrator until he was so spent he was crying, and then John would climb on top of him and brutally impale him and Sherlock would scream and beg and moan, but John wouldn’t stop until he’d left a thick load of come inside him.
“That’s… oh, oh
opinion, do you think Private Wilson’s actions may have caused a rift in unit cohesion?”
But then he makes himself stop and
Mycroft raises an eyebrow.  “Then why are you
So they’d proceeded to get truly and properly pissed for the first time in ages, stuffing themselves with greasy pizza from the hole-in-the-wall pie joint down the street while Sherlock entertained John with his deductions about the contestants on the telly, and John dazzled Sherlock with his rather dynamic critical analysis following each performance.  The whole evening is a bit of a blur in John’s memory, but he does recall laughing so hard his sides ached and he felt his face would split, tears streaming from the corners of his eyes as Sherlock rattled off the relationship status of the entire legion from Spain as he sashayed around the room.
John massages all of his limbs after the bindings are gone, checking his blood flow, stretching his joints, bringing his body back to earth.  Sherlock nearly melts into the rug he feels so good, letting his eyes flutter shut as John works him over.
John licks his lips.  “Right you are.”  He doesn’t avert his eyes.
Sherlock screams and struggles a bit from the initial shock, but he submits after the first pulse or two has been pumped into him.  As soon as John’s sure Sherlock’s done struggling, he leans down and bites his shoulder as he finishes orgasming into his tight channel, just the way he knows Sherlock loves best.  Beneath him, Sherlock goes limp and pliant, his body receptive to everything John’s pushing inside of him.  John rides out the last throes of his orgasm in a series of gentle thrusts, teeth still firmly sunk into Sherlock’s sweaty skin, holding him in place.
“Good.”
for them.  The issue of their sexualities didn’t feel paramount in the scheme of their relationship; they were in love, they shared a household, they were raising Rosie together, and they remained deeply, passionately attracted to one another.  Calling it one thing or another seemed rather beyond the point.
Then John would turn on a light.  Sherlock would blink.  Their eyes would meet.  And they’d both smile.
a bureaucratic nightmare, wouldn’t you agree?”  She cocks one perfectly-groomed eyebrow in Sherlock’s direction provocatively.  He diplomatically ignores it.
To his credit, John doesn’t buy it for a minute.  His face expression is the epitome of stern compassion when he issues his order.  “I don’t think so.  Go shower, Sherlock.  I’ll meet you in the bedroom.”
“Yes, yes, oh, please, please--”
Eventually, it had become a matter of habit.  Not only did it guarantee that Rosie not be disturbed, but he noticed that Mrs. H was considerably less snarky with the two of them when they weren’t constantly “carrying on like baboons in heat,” as she’d apparently once put it to John. (“Well, she’s never complained about it to me, so it hardly seems that serious.”  “Sherlock, she’s never complained about it to you because she knows you don’t give a rat’s arse about other people’s scandalised morals.  You went to bloody Buckingham Palace without pants on, for Christ’s sake.”  Sherlock had begrudgingly concurred.)  Of course, there were the glorious times that both Mrs. H
“Pity.”
So yeah, any those options would be fine.  John was prepared.  Any of the three.  It was all fine.  He didn’t have a preference.  Not really.
For his part, John feels that standing is entirely beyond his capacity.  He manages to pull himself up just far enough to collapse back into his chair with a satiated sigh.  He closes his eyes and stretches out his legs (his knees were a bit achy-- Christ, they really were getting too old for floor sex), reveling in the post-coital bliss.
“But--”
If he’d been kidnapped, surely he’d have found a way to send Sherlock a signal, he was clever like that, so
that doesn’t just send him spiraling over the edge into an orgasm so dizzying, by the time he regains his bearings the kitchen table has somehow wound up halfway across the room, his arms and legs are shaking from exertion, and Sherlock is groaning and arching against the wetness leaking from his fluttering hole as John’s hips continue to press forward demandingly into his prone form.
They start kissing again as Sherlock scissors his fingers, the sounds catching in John’s throat horny and desperate and beautiful.  Sherlock begins to piston his fingers more earnestly, marveling at the way he can feel John’s passage unclenching around him to make way for the intrusion.  John’s legs twitch and spasm as they splay open wider, and Sherlock begins to rut more frantically against John’s hip.
Gently, he guides the head of his prick until it’s resting against Sherlock’s hole, then he withdraws the wand ever so slightly to give himself room to press in along side it.  Keeping one hand on the base of the wand, he puts the other on Sherlock’s hip to hold him in place.
John startles back to attention to find Sherlock starting at him from across the table, concern etched into the lines of his face; John realises he must have just spaced out for a thoroughly unacceptable amount of time.
“John?”
“You look so beautiful with these lovely marks on you.  So fucking beautiful.  Am I the only one you let mark you up, sweetheart?”
Victor closes the door, and pulls Sherlock into his arms.
And then Sherlock is trembling, shaking apart in his arms, the relief and the anxiety and the anger all swirling and intermingling together, and he buries his face in John’s shoulder and holds him as tight as he can.
When John had texted Sherlock from the surgery earlier that day to notify him that he’d made reservations for them at an unusually posh new restaurant across town, Sherlock had been a bit skeptical indeed.  John wasn’t usually one to propose new culinary endeavors, particularly not on a random weeknight, and particularly not so far from the flat.  Sherlock had acquiesced, more out of curiosity than anything else.
“What I didn’t account for was apparently Secret Option Three: He cracks the bloody thing hours too late in front of a senior member of the damn government.
her.  But back then, all those years ago, he’d…
It was important he maintain control of the situation.
The professor had glanced up at him warily after reviewing his notes.  “You… you came up with this yourself?”
them.  For as long as he’d known John, 221B had been
nice, just let it happen, love.  Little more now, hold on--”  John’s fingers twist and
“Good.  The movie’s almost halfway over.  You’ve been very good so far.”
separate forums where people go to… do this shit publically, apparently.”
enough force to make Sherlock’s toes curl and his cock twitch.
to say is that the lack of your invaluable contributions to the team left us at a severe disadvantage.  What this 26-year-old embezzlement case really needed was a good, solid medical opinion.”
Bill raises an eyebrow.  “So you can tell I wear Birkenstocks how, exactly?”
And with that, he presses Sherlock’s legs firmly apart, settles between them, and sucks Sherlock’s cock into his mouth once more, where he proceeds to swallow greedily around it.
“You were so good, Sherlock.  I’m going to reward you now.  Would you like that?”
Yes.  Sherlock’s cock twitches and emits a spurt of precome into his pants.  Delightful.
John turns his head just in time to see Ines prowling towards him on her hands and knees, leash hanging loosely from around her neck.  Her eyes are bright and playful, hips swaying seductively, her movements choreographed and deliberate.  Without hesitation, she rises up on her knees and kisses John full on the lips.
Sherlock feels suddenly very foolish.
“Stand up.  Turn to face away from me.  Straddle my legs.  Good.  Hold still.”  Without fanfare, John spreads Sherlock’s cheeks and pulls out the plug, eliciting a howl from the man standing above him.  His own cock throbs as he observes the glistening come already filling Sherlock’s fluttering hole.  “Now sit on my prick and ride me.”
As fascinating as this process was from a scientific perspective, Sherlock’s cock is
For a long time, they’d refrained from using labels for what exactly they
John’s lip quirks ever so slightly as he wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s wrist and pulls his palm to the burgeoning bulge at the front of his denims.  “And does
John raises his eyebrows incredulously, and Sherlock stifles a giggle; leave it to Aaron to have the balls to goad John Watson on.
Later that evening, Sherlock purses his lips as he types furiously into his phone.  He’s not aware that he’s scowling until he feels John’s hands on his shoulders, and a firm kiss being planted on the top of his hair.  He tilts his head back to blink up at John, who’s peering down at him over the back of his chair.
John sits up.  The words sink in.
He drops the kettle and whirls around to find himself stunningly, startlingly face-to-face with one Irene Adler.
Clasped in his hands are long lengths of jute rope.  But unlike the black jute rope they keep upstairs, this rope is a gorgeous, exquisite burgundy, deep red and provocative and so fucking
Up until that point, their sexual encounters had been… well, not exactly
John guides him across the room to the door, which he opens and ushers Sherlock into the stairwell.  Sherlock feels completely confused, and a bit exposed being outside of the lab.  The lab was a safe space, a sanctuary John had built just for
“What’s the matter, John?”
“...Yes.  Yes, I think.
When Sherlock finally speaks, his voice is a low rumble.  “I know now is when most people would say, ‘I’m sorry,’ but I’ve never really understood why.  Why do people apologise for things they’re not responsible for?”
and for a moment John’s throat feels rather tight and dry, and it’s nothing to do with the leather collar he’s sporting.  Sherlock crawling used to make John feel a bit uncomfortable, but the more they played with it, the more he’s finding he
Then there’s a strange twisting sensation deep inside him, and the next thing he knows, John has withdrawn the plug.
Sherlock is beyond shocked.
rather famished; seems he and John were burning through calories at a rather alarming rate today.  “Yes, actually.”
was the only thing that mattered anymore.
<10:20> I know you’re not thrilled about the party, but it means a lot to Greg.
Sherlock nods slowly.  It
he shudders under John’s appraising gaze.
Sherlock looks
he’s not.  There was nothing wrong with being gay!  His
“Besides,” John hiccups unsteadily.  “We have an
(See the end of the chapter for
The cups clink back into their saucers.  Sherlock stares at his, running his fingers around the smooth rim.  He has no idea where to start.
John had built the railings.  But he could just as well never have found a John.
lifestyle was all about.  It wasn’t up to him to be the PR police here.
to him, the way Sherlock gets
“Guilty as charged on that front, I suppose.”
Damn it.
John’s brow furrows.  “Good hurt or bad hurt?”
of it is all he has, since John’s never actually
“I’m objectively attracted to Moira, Sherlock, the same way I’m objectively attracted to a lot of women.  Yes, sometimes I fantasise about women on the off-chance I’m not thinking about you, and yes, when I watch porn, it happens to be straight.  But I don’t wish you were female, I don’t fantasise about you being female, and I never want to pretend that you’re female.  I love you.  I  love your body.  That’s all I want.  Ever.  Do you understand?”
that flashes in John’s eyes when he sees Sherlock express his discomfort.  It was true that Sherlock
drops in, much to John’s surprise.  She’s kind and sober and brings a stuffed animal for Rosie and a wrapped present for Sherlock and John, which she urges them to open
“Mmm, okay.  Thank you, love.”  John steps into the tub and gives him a searing kiss before grabbing the sandalwood soap and beginning the practiced ritual of soaping down Sherlock’s spent body.
surprise an incidental observer, however, are the sounds Sherlock makes when he’s being made love to.  Gone are the masculine groans and growls and grumbling gasps, replaced instead with shockingly high, breathy sighs and weak mewls and light cries that sound so shockingly
“And I’m not just saying that because I’m high.  People say weird things when they’re high.”
“Ohhhhhh, yes!”  Sherlock seems rather receptive to John participating in this little endeavor as well, so John leans into it.
Dr. Richards sits in silence for a long beat before she brings up her next question.  “And you still see her?”
On the other end of the line, John chuckles.  “Well, for starters, your mother was wearing a jumper with a
“Oh, fuck,
“Bloody buggering
“Mmph, okay.  Okay, I think I’m okay.”  John takes a deep breath, and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s chest, pressing his body close against Sherlock’s back as he leans in to run a trail of reverent kisses up the side of Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock glares mutinously up at him, but he doesn’t issue a retort.
“Alright.  Alright, then.  Ready?”
He simply throws an obscene hand gesture over his shoulder and blindly pulls open the door of the first shop he comes to.
Sherlock met John’s gaze unwaveringly.  “I want you to fuck my face.”
Sherlock blinked back at her as the pill dissolved on his tongue, his face flushing in mortification.  “You… um, you know I’m not… into… into girls, right?”
and all he ever
John delivers a punishing fuck, pistoning in and out of Sherlock’s abused channel so frantically that Sherlock can’t fully comprehend what he’s being subjected to.  He’s fairly sure he’s in a considerable amount of pain, but that doesn’t really seem to matter much at all.  Somewhere behind him, John is swearing and grunting and issuing a colourful string of possessive declarations that wash over Sherlock like a warm rain on a hot summer night, calming him as he submits to John completely.
John gives him a wane little smile.  “I know.  But they still love you anyway. You just need to learn to let them.”
“Sherlock?  You with me?”  John feels momentarily shaken; he flashes back to when they’d tried this awhile back during a session, and Sherlock had basically gone completely mute in the aftermath he was so overwhelmed.
He feels so
He’s properly fucking Sherlock with the plug now, yanking it out almost completely before plunging it back in with a devilish twist of his wrist, making Sherlock feel like he’s being tangled up from the inside out.
Of course, when I told John about it he was completely horrified, I thought he was going to throw up then and there--”
He thinks back to all those years ago, before the Fall… but even then, before they gave this thing a name and slapped a label on it and John started doing a bunch of research on what was
It’s the only high he ever wants to know.
they had!  In the fields and forests behind their houses, on the roof of their school, at house parties in the dodgy part of town, at clubs in London on the weekends, God, the
And Christ, that’s tight. John supposes he shouldn’t be surprised; he’s usually fastidious about prepping Sherlock, so taking him without proper lube is a shocking sensation indeed.  Even so, he’s slightly taken aback at just how clenched Sherlock’s passage feels against the intrusion.
want it to stop.
“Stay.”  Sherlock watches John’s reflection as he turns and grabs the bottle of lube from where it’s sitting on the end table.
John reaches down and pries Sherlock’s cheeks apart.  Sherlock hisses though his teeth.
“And this arse is all mine, isn’t it?” He gives Sherlock’s cheeks a playfully jiggle, and Sherlock can’t help but giggle in response.
and John surges forward to take control.
But amidst all that, there is also
It’s… Christ, it’s
Sherlock nods and lolls lazily onto his back.  John rolls his eyes, but willingly indulges him.
Sherlock stares at him like he’s lost his mind.  “Why?  If they don’t know already, what does it matter?”
John bites his lip and considers it.  While things are going well enough so far, it’s reassuring him that he can analyse Sherlock’s positive response to each blow, and he’s hesitant to lose that consistent affirmation.
And extra-special double thanks to commenter Lackis, who submitted “What’s Sherlock’s Favourite Position?” as a prompt - thank you for the inspiration!  Hope you enjoyed this insight into his preferences.
“AH!  Ahhh… mmm?”  Sherlock goes from sounding ecstatic to completely perplexed in the period of a half a second.
“Well, hope you learned your lesson.”
“GAH!” Sherlock releases his grip on his throbbing cock and fists the duvet, torso jackknifing upward as he fights the urge to ejaculate.  The sensation had struck him so suddenly, for a moment he’s afraid he’s going to topple over the edge.  “AH!  AH!”
Sherlock whimpers, and a visible tremble works its way up his spine.  John takes a few tentative steps forward.
Sherlock bites his lip.  “Yes.  I said yes.”
bad, sweetheart.  Because you’re mine, aren’t you?”
You mean--”
Sherlock huffs and his fingers clench around the chain of the handcuffs.  “Trying,” he manages to muster from between gritted teeth.  Being milked was so utterly unlike having an orgasm; it was imperative that he coax his body to let go
“BUT THAT’S WHAT YOU MEANT!”  Sherlock can feel tears welling up in his eyes, and before he can regain control, they’re spilling over.  “YOU’RE DONE WITH ME!  YOU’RE DONE WITH THE BONDAGE AND THE CRAWLING AND THE FEEDING AND THE LOT OF IT!  YOU JUST WANT A NICE,
Javier lets out an impatient whine but complies, twisting his neck and fluttering his eyes open to meet Sherlock’s.
“No, no ‘buts.’  You can waste a lifetime on ‘buts.’  Go get him.”
He moves to pull out a chair, but stops.  John is giving him a
John clears his throat.  “So.”
He’d wanted to follow the Splay lead earlier, but they were only open Thursdays through Sundays, so it was with an air of grim resignation that he’d put it on the back burner and focused his attention on getting himself up to speed on the latest leads.  Lestrade had been helpful in sharing the Yard’s incoming evidence, but Sherlock couldn’t shake the feeling that they were being woefully misled by what he perceived to be an enormous blind spot in the shape of one Irene Adler.
“Sounds like you had a productive evening.  Though in all honestly, I’m much more interested to hear about your more
“Sherlock, this isn’t… this isn’t to talk about Mary’s death.”
John shakes his head.  “No.  No, I don’t think you do.  Here.”  He leans forward to plant one hand on the mattress, right beside Sherlock’s head.  “Take my pulse.”
John’s completely thrown for a loop.  There was no way Sherlock was trying to seduce him mid-case: he had a strict hands-off policy any time he was immersed in the Work. He’d always maintained that sex was a frivolous distraction when he was trying to do delicate brainwork, and John had learned not to take it personally.
“I think you’re ready.”  Sherlock’s voice filled with awe, and it makes John smile.  He loves that he’s the only man Sherlock’s ever penetrated; it feels like a sacred bond that just the two of them share.
It’s not a dream.
is most
“WELL, IT’S NOT ALL ABOUT YOU, IS IT? WE’RE IN THIS TOGETHER, OR NOT AT ALL!  AND I’M TAPPING OUT, SHERLOCK!  I’M DONE!  NOW PUT ON SOME FUCKING CLOTHES AND COME BACK HERE AND EAT DINNER LIKE A NORMAL PERSON!  AND THAT’S NOT A COMMAND, THAT’S A FUCKING REQUEST!”
He could feel each and every stunted nerve ending buried beneath his brutalized epidermis catch and
Finally, Sherlock turns around.  His face looks entirely blank.  He doesn’t meet John’s eyes.
It’s not uncomfortable, not really-- John had more than adequately prepped him.  But he knows what’s about to happen, and even so, he can’t decide which is more terrible: the weight and width of the object in his arse, or the dread of what it’s about to do to him.
Before long, he feels completely relaxed and rather dazed with arousal.  Reluctantly, he withdraws his index finger and then re-positions it at his entrance with his middle finger beside it, then presses in with both.  The stretch is mild but consuming, and he moans again, louder this time.  Despite the lack of lube, the water from the shower is doing its bit to ease the process, and before too long, he’s scissoring his fingers as he works them in and out of himself at a steady pace, diligently avoiding his prostate lest he push himself too close to the edge without John’s permission.
John calls him to the kitchen when it’s time to eat, and they do so at the table, Sherlock nude and John still fully-clothed.  It’s another
The chase had been exhilarating (perhaps a bit inappropriately so, considering the circumstances-- John had to fight back the grins he and Sherlock were exchanging en route).  John had forgotten what a rush it was, to be swept up in a convoy of squad cars, white-knuckled in the backseat as they raced against time.
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow in exasperation.  “You mean, does he know that after I go out with him to a friendly platonic dinner in Vauxhall, you and I use it as an excuse to engage in some kinky fantasy role-play and pretend that he’s fucked me senseless so that when I come home you have to punish me in a sado-masochistic power exchange?  No, John, I don’t reckon that possibility has crossed his mind.  He may be in MI-5, but he’s not
And this, Christ, this was something else, wasn’t it?  The feeling of Sherlock’s body, warm and pliant and so damn
“... Sherlock?  What’s wrong?” His voice is laced with cautious trepidation, like he’s concerned about spooking a wild animal.
Christ, now
(See the end of the chapter for
seems so unnaturally
Sherlock is at a bit of a loss.  He’d rather thought John would forbid him from doing more work right now, demand he relax and unwind from the case and get some food in him before he took on something new.  But it seems John doesn’t really care.
“Oh, shut up.  Can’t have you ruining my reputation with accusations like that.”
underprepared for their undercover mission.  Unacceptable.
No sooner has the thought crossed his mind than his nose picks up on the tempting aroma of coffee wafting down the hall, accompanied by a distinctly
“That’s what I thought.  One more time.”
Sherlock smirks to himself and adds the slightest swivel of his pelvis to his next downstroke.
“Open up, sweetheart.”
John tightens his grip on Sherlock’s follicles, angling his head back ever so slightly further.  Sherlock winces, and John leans in close, refusing to break.  He has him on the ropes, he knows, but he needs to drive his point home.
“ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR GODDAMN MIND? You’re standing here telling me that you’ve risked your bloody life for the woman who set out to destroy you, and yet you manage to look past all that so you can, what, keep on with your quirky little
God, sometimes his transport is a miracle.  He never used to think so, not until he met John.  He’d had sexual encounters before then, of course, but that was always simply because his transport was being a deep
and he
But they weren’t in 221B anymore.
The words spill from Sherlock’s lips like a prayer, and he leans forward and picks up his fork.  His cock is already beginning to swell; finally,
“Mmmm… it was good, but not a favourite.  Think that should just be for rare occasions.”
moment, there are no specific instructions given or demands made, it’s just a simple, quiet meal in the comfort of their flat, wholly unremarkable save for their state of dress.  John treats it as if it’s the most normal thing in the world, and Sherlock loves him for it.  He loves that John understands
Sherlock bites his lip, grounding himself.  Then he takes a deep breath.
That said, Sherlock hated official labels.  He knew from the minimal research he’d done that many people in relationships like theirs sometimes referred to their partner as “their dom” or “their sub,” but to Sherlock, the concept of giving it such a formal name had felt foreign at best, distasteful at worst. After all, while John may call the shots in the bedroom, Sherlock was clearly the more domineering in their everyday life. He and John didn’t need labels for what they were, they defied categorisation. They just…
He itches the crook of his arm through his dressing gown.  He thinks about the old track marks there.
“And last: if you want to stop, just say stop.  If you want to take a break, we’ll take a break.  If you can’t speak, snap your fingers.  Yes?”
Sherlock folds himself down to lie the sofa with his usual trademark grace.  He props a pillow beneath his head then settles back, stretching out his infuriatingly long legs and arching his back.  “Like this?”
He takes Sherlock into the bath with him and washes his hair.  He tells Sherlock how good he was and how much he loves him.  Sherlock doesn’t say anything, he just stares dreamily off into space, but he knows John understands.
“Oh, John, don’t be coy.  You know exactly what I need.”
Beneath him, Sherlock lets out  a nervous whimper.  John simply grins and spits into his hand before slicking himself up.
“Long day?”  Sherlock’s leaning over the pot, and John has trouble formulating a coherent thought, having become momentarily distracted by the sight of Sherlock’s magnificent arse straining against his trousers.
“Oy!  Sherlock!”  Sherlock looks up to see a similarly rosy-cheeked John shouting to him over the din in the sitting room.  “Is something burning?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mainstream.  Almost…
choice
Javier’s eyes grow suddenly dark and predatory.  He gives Sherlock an appraising glance up and down.  “Is that so?”
John lets out an initial hum of surprise, but quickly returns his affections.  They kiss and kiss, Sherlock deepening the sentiment with a sweep of his tongue as he brings his arms up to drape over John’s shoulders, pulling him ever closer.
does John take his time.  He works the plug in millimetre by millimetre, so that each flared rib catches Sherlock’s rim as his body swallows up the intrusion, then withdrawing it almost completely and starting all over again.  It’s maddening.
happy. John is gazing down at him like Sherlock is the centre of his entire universe, and that fills Sherlock with a joy so acute, he all but aches with it.  They are perfect together like this-- so damn perfect.
“I… yes.  Yes, I’d like to.”  He keeps his voice steady and confident.  John loves enthusiastic verbal consent.
“Ta, Molly.  We’ll reach out soon.”
“Oh, that’s lovely.  But you were right, sweetheart, you
Dr. Richards gives him a small, sympathetic smile.
“If you want it, John.”
And Jesus Christ, he is
<24 April 14:22> Is Sherlock around today?
John blinked at him.  He’d been running his mouth without much thought, and he couldn’t recall having said anything particularly inflammatory; he knew that Sherlock didn’t like being called dirty names, so John always diligently avoided the typical
<18:19> for fucks sake
“And what are you sorry for?”
Sherlock remains undeterred, his gaze never wavering from John’s cock as he grunts lightly, clearly working his fingers deeper into his own arse in preparation.
“Hello, love.”  He approaches the bed and cups Sherlock’s face tenderly in his hands before kissing him deeply.  Sherlock opens his mouth obediently and John laps gently inside, indulging himself in Sherlock’s automatic submission.
“So you think her return to London is part of a bigger picture.”
He’d taken on yet another freelance laboratory assignment from a private client, but he’d actually been rather enthused about this one; the results would highlight the timeline of a rapidly-mutating form of mold spore.  The company that had hired him wanted to profit from the results by modifying the ingredients in their best-selling allergy medication; Sherlock intended to use the results to time-stamp decaying bodies.  It was the definition of a win-win.
in situations like theirs.  He didn’t want to lose Aaron as a friend; it wasn’t as if he had many to spare, and it didn’t seem worth it to compromise their platonic connection in lieu of the occasional erotic dalliance.
“I have to… I have to ask.  Does this mean, if we start therapy to work on things between us, that you’d… you’d be open to the power exchanges again?”
with Sherlock.
in a way that makes his denims feel rather constricting.
know well he’d never thought to ask for something like this, out of the fear of appearing disrespectful or opportunistic.
Sherlock nods, and remembers to make eye contact again.  “Sure.”
“DID YOU NOT FUCKING HEAR ME WHEN I SAID I WAS DONE?  DID I NOT MAKE MYSELF FUCKING CLEAR?”  John’s eyes are like daggers, sharp and unforgiving.
“You with me, sweetheart?”
“NGGGGGAAAAAH!  AH!  AH!  AH!”  Sherlock’s shaking the footboard now, the muscles in his arms rippling with the effort, veins bulging, as his face contorts in agony.  His channel clenches mercilessly around John’s girth, and John moans helplessly in response.
John returns his smile, the warmth seeping back into his eyes.  “I know you are.  You’re a good man, Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock appears unable to disguise his amusement. “Ah.”
“Relax, John.  Just taking the piss out of you.”  She gives him a gentle nudge over the armrest.  “Lighten up.”
of paperwork, and worst of all, he has to do it all
he fucking
“Easy there.  You with me, sweetheart?  You alright?”
When he speaks again, his voice is reduced to a hiss.  “Sweetheart, I asked you a question.
“Good, I’m glad to hear it.”  He takes Sherlock gently by the shoulders and guides him back until he’s in an upright kneeling position.  He looks incredibly dazed as their eyes meet for the first time in what feels like ages.
He’d never asked for a child.  He’d never sought a family.  Those had been John’s aspirations for his life, never Sherlock’s.  And yet Sherlock had taken it all in stride, he’d grown and changed and become someone that he and Rosie were
me what the problem is.”  He reaches behind Sherlock’s head and unfastens the gag.  Sherlock lets it fall from between his lips with a relieved gasp.
Their breaths come harder and quicker as they carry on, John pressing his body the length of Sherlock’s as he cups Sherlock’s jaw in his hands, controlling the pace.  Sherlock reciprocates with enthusiasm, nipping at John’s lower lip as his hands wander from John’s waist to his arse, until he’s pulling John’s pelvis flush against his own.  They moan in tandem, eyes blinking open for the first time in what feels like ages, mutually startled by the intensity of their own arousal.
He shoots John a provocative glance before gleefully jogging ahead to catch up with the rest of the group.
“Mmm.”
“Yes, John.  All yours.”  Despite his limited range of motion, he does his best to arch and present himself.  He
when they’re engaged in a sexual power exchange, while it’s true John’s fingernails scratch against his scalp with
John gives his hand a firm squeeze.  “But what
Greg gives John an exasperated look.  “Sod him.”
again…”
eager to see what you have planned for me.”
And if
“Hi there.”
“One to pause, two to stop.”
Sherlock stoops to put the stopper back in place, then shakes the excess water off his hand with a glare.  “Alright.  But it better be worth the wait, Watson.  This isn’t going to be a repeat of the fisting incident.”
A wicked grin spreads across Sherlock’s face.  He sets down his spoon, takes a sip of wine, and leans back in his chair.
So, first: The anger.
He manages a meek nod as John reaches over into the drawer of the nightstand and procures the lube, squeezing a bit onto his pointer finger.  “I’m going to use lube right now, okay?  Taking you unprepped is still risky even if we’re careful about it, so I’ve got to be pretty thorough.”
John bit his lip.  Harry had been arguing with their father about her haircut, John was certain of it: as always, he’d eavesdropped on the entire row from the top stair of the landing.  “But… that’s what he was yelling about.”  The words felt incredibly childish on his tongue, and he hated himself even as he said them.
John sighs and puts his pen down, shoving his chair back and rising to his feet with a weary shake of his head.  “Honestly, sweetheart, you’re making it
“Oh, I see you like the sound of this plan?”
That you made an honest man out of
John makes a non-committal sound.  “You feel very tight indeed, which you know I like.  You keep this nice virgin arse so ready for me, don’t you?”
He’d fallen asleep.
John immediately steps back and gives Sherlock a warm smile, all traces of malevolence vanishing instantaneously.  “Sorry, love.  We were just having a chat.”
“So you just decided to go ahead and come, regardless of what I had to say on the matter.”
Sherlock sits down at the table with his family, and gloats.
Sherlock glares at him from where he’s perched on the armchair of the sofa, staring at the evidence wall.  John’s pretty sure it’s the first time he’s looked at him in 72 hours.
“Mmmmmmyesssss, nngh, fuck!”  Sherlock curls in on himself a bit but resolutely maintains his grip behind his knees.  “Christ, John, you’d better get on with things or I’m going to lose it before we’ve even… you know…”
the Craneworthy affair, in your opinion?”
“No.  No, stay in me for a bit, please…”
John, don’t get your knickers in a twist.  Point is, he’ll understand the pressure points of GreySphere’s system enough to get us access.  And he has the connections to make the investigation legitimate, should we be discovered.”
John’s pace grinds to a halt and he pinches the bridge of his nose.  He’s about halfway down the road to town (Aunt Flo had offered to let him borrow the car but he’d politely refused, saying he needed some air), and his fingers are going numb from the cold.  He probably should have wrapped himself up better.  “Listen, I know… I know things are a little strained between us right now and that there are issues we need to resolve, but… but can we please put all that on the back burner, just for now?  I swear once we get back to London we’ll work on it and get everything sorted, but Christ, Sherlock, I’m barely keeping my head above water here--”
And oh God, come to think of it,
Brilliant, amazing, marvelous
Sherlock meets his eyes.  “It scared me, too.”  His voice is low and measured, but John just smiles in response.
Sherlock nods and scrambles into position between Jude’s legs.  Jude reclines lavishly back against the pillows, tucking his hands behind his bed with a smug expression and a twinkle in his eye.  Sherlock lowers his head, and swallows him down.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What, you think this is going to be like the
“Mmm, okay, everything looks in order on the outside.  Is it alright if I touch you inside, now?”
Sherlock’s voice sounds tired when he responds, and he doesn’t meet John’s eye as he plucks his mobile off the nightstand and drops it into his dressing gown pocket.  “No, I took the afternoon off so I could pick up Rosie from daycare on time.  You have a therapy appointment, remember?”
but it’s rather muffled by the toothpaste in his mouth.  John just chuckles and kisses his neck again, then steps away to pick up his own toothbrush.
His balls feel tight and he’s hot all over and he’s wanking himself as fast as he can, but it’s still not quite enough.  Desperate, he heaves himself up onto his hands and knees, spreading his legs wide before returning his hand to his rock-hard cock, lowering his torso and imagining…
Sherlock bites his lip.  He doesn’t answer.
With a garbled shout, he pushes a third finger into his dilating hole and pistons them in and out.  Over and over, the only thought looping endlessly through his mind is that he must prepare himself to please
“Sherlock, dear, are you married?”  Sheila casts an appraising look at him, and John can feel his own hackles rise slightly.  He can’t tell whether she’s asking out of sincere interest, or whether she’d taken note of Sherlock’s impeccable suit, well-coiffed hair, and spotless shoes and jumped to a few conclusions on her own.
“Sherlock? Talk to me, please.”  It didn’t
“Sherlock?”  Simms looks understandably confused.
Before John can analyse the situation any further, though, Sherlock pulls away from John’s cock once more, then bats his eyes up at him imploringly.  “So will you, John?”
“...But if we ask you?”
Watson, come to call on little old me? What a pleasure.  Come in.”  She turns from the doorway and disappears down a dim, low-ceilinged hallway.  He follows, taking care to close the door and fasten the three industrial-grade deadbolts behind him.  The door is unnaturally heavy, and he assesses that it must be reinforced.  He reaches the end of the hall and steps into what seems to be another dimension.
Aaron licks his lips hazards a glance over at the dance floor, where Sherlock is currently laughing gleefully at Chris/Eric’s flamboyant interpretation of whatever pop song is currently thundering out of the speakers.  “Alright, then, Captain.  Limits?”
“Ah, don’t blow smoke up my arse, you don’t remember the details.”  Javier gives Sherlock’s arm a playful swat.  John bites the inside of his cheek.  “I could tell I wasn’t the first man the two of you brought home.  Just glad to have been a part of it.”
When Sherlock speaks, it’s in an awed whisper, and John can feel a shiver work its way up Sherlock’s spine.
of the parameters of the life they’ve built for themselves.
“I’m afraid I must, Mr. Holmes.  For medical reasons.”
He was a doctor, after all; he knew where the prostate was located (and he was
Sherlock feels giddy just
completely at the mercy of pheromones and biology.  And John… John is his
He’s just rounded the corner when he spots a figure loitering outside the inn.  Tall.  Dark-haired.  Long coat.  And working his way diligently through a cigarette.
that it’s all John can do to keep from giggling in maniacal glee.
“Hold still, you.  Let’s get you ready to take me.”
John pushes his fingers inside.  There’s slight resistance at first, but then they sink in easily, and he devotes himself to fastidiously coating Sherlock’s passage in lube as thoroughly as he can.  He’s already plenty slick with the lube and spit John’s already put inside him, but one could never be too careful…
Greg drains the second half of his pint.  “Christ.  I mean… no, I guess you can’t hold it against him, no.”
enjoyable.
and having
“Good.  Good.”  John finishes untying Sherlock’s right ankle, then grabs it firmly with his left hand.  He repeats the process on the right, then shoves Sherlock’s legs up towards his chest as he clambers onto the bed to slot himself between them.
“Mmmhmm.  Luckily, they’ve been pretty up-front in telling us what they know so far.  Their agent didn’t do much to keep his sexual proclivities hidden-- apparently, it occasionally proved to be somewhat of an
“You never wanted to come back here.”
Sherlock reaches up with one hand to brace against the headboard as he begins to move in earnest, and John’s head thrashes from side to side as the pleasure builds up within him.  He’s gripping Sherlock’s arse so hard it’s almost
Leave John, leave Rosie, leave their family, their home, their
“AAUUUGH!  Oh, fuck, YES!  YES! John, Jesus Christ, I’m… YES!”  Sherlock squirms helplessly in his lap, squeezing John’s hand in his own for all he’s worth.  John can feel Sherlock’s turgid cock release a dribble of precome against John’s inner thigh.
Christ, there was going to be
<26 April 20:21> Did you buy milk?
John raises an eyebrow incredulously.  “He told me what happened in Mycroft’s office with your phone.  You almost had him fooled, you know.  Almost made him believe that you were
in their counseling sessions: Sherlock
ticklish.  His foot jerks, an involuntary reflex, but John is ready and he tightens his grip on Sherlock’s ankle just in time to hold him in place, then playfully nips the pad of his big toe with a self-satisfied chuckle.  Sherlock, for his part, has never found anything particularly erotic about feet, but watching John worship his like he’s some sort of supine deity is… rather unobjectionable indeed.
He doesn’t have much time to sulk.  The food arrives, and John makes him a plate filled with steak and broccoli and asparagus and potatoes and some sort of dense, whole-grain dinner roll slathered in honey-sweet butter, and it’s so goddamn delicious Sherlock eats like he hasn’t seen food in weeks which, if he’s honest, he hasn’t, really; at least not
“So, um.  A few.  A few weeks ago, John…”  He trails off.  He doesn’t know how to form the words, he doesn’t have the vocabulary to do this, he can’t, he
in the special vocabulary that only the two of them shared.
“Yes, John.”
He hasn’t given Sherlock permission to move his hands yet, so Sherlock simply lifts his head and kisses him, gentle and sweet.  John melts against his mouth.
“Yes, John.”
“Okay.  And last, I’m going to call my partner to come with us to extract Irene from your bolthole and get her to a secure MI5 location.  I trust John, and I know you believe he can keep her safe, but we can’t risk having a civilian with a firearm on the scene if things go belly-up.  Fair?”
He doesn’t bother washing his hair; it would just get unforgivably frizzy if he neglected it post-shower, so instead concentrates on washing down his body before turning to lean his forearm against the wall, reaching behind himself with his free hand to part his own cheeks.
Across from him, John’s lip quirks up into a lopsided grin.  “You know, it means a lot to me that you’d… that you’d offer to do that for me.  I know you’re not much for costumes and role-play.”
He blinks rapidly as he struggles to formulate a response.  He doesn’t think he really wants a sandwich.  But he does want to spend some time with John, and John will be eating a sandwich, so maybe if Sherlock has one too, that will make him feel good.
was turning out to be even more of an offensive, obnoxious caricature of the BDSM scene than Sherlock had initially allowed himself to believe, and his enthusiasm for following this particular lead was waning more and more with each passing moment.  Despite himself, he issues a low moan of disapproval and buries his face in his hands.
“Yes, John.”  Sherlock distantly notes his voice sounds unsteady.
Yes, he and John are
John takes a half step back to put some distance between them, ignoring the indignant whine that escapes from Sherlock as his eyes snap open to see just where John was going.  John simply gives him a devilish grin, then reaches between them to palm Sherlock’s throbbing member through the soft cotton of his panties.
Sherlock tightened his grip on John’s sleeve and shook his head as determinedly as his sluggish movements would allow. He reached for his phone and after a moment of typing John’s phone chimed again.
“Sexuality is a scale, and no one is one hundred percent directly on either endpoint. Not me, and not even you, with all of your girlfriends. Everyone has the
He was completely caught off guard when Sherlock shoved him back.
John dropped his head and bit his lip.
“Nope.” Sherlock grabbed John’s forearm and he was caught off-guard enough to allow Sherlock to pull him to his feet. As soon as he was standing Sherlock turned on his heel and disappeared into the bathroom. He heard the sound of water from the tap.
“Hasn’t he been drugged enough lately?”
He pulled back on Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock groaned just slightly against his lips. The sound sent a wave of pleasure through him that pooled in his lower abdomen. He drew back just enough to breathe—to steady himself—he needed control if he didn't want to wind up shoving Sherlock backward onto the table. John kissed his lips, kissed the corner of his mouth, the edge of his jaw, the hot pulse point on his neck, the beautiful, porcelain skin of his cheek, tenderly, making the message clear with every kiss:
John's dominant streak, which mostly lay dormant during their work together (asserting itself only when necessary—a few memorable occasions), but which Sherlock had observed in his interactions with women and sometimes in their own domestic life when they'd lived together ("Sherlock, you will put your dishes in the dishwasher, or I will put your mould cultures in the dishwasher"), was activated by being placed in the leading position. Instinctually he used the hand on Sherlock's back to gently pull him forward and push him back in a way Sherlock didn't have to instruct him to do.
were a piece of shit little brother.”
Sherlock despised poetry. Riddles were one thing—they were based in logic. Poetry had nothing to do with logic. It was nothing more than a mess of emotional vomit—sticky and noxious with its unbridled excesses: whining, pathetic sorrow; syrupy, sickening love; idiotic, babbling joy. Nothing he could work with. Of course Mycroft would have known that. A puzzle he couldn’t solve.
Although… he walked over to check the lock. It had gotten rusty lately. Since John had left Mary and come back to Baker Street it wasn't as strong. He would have to put in a new one. He made a note to replace it at his earliest convenience.
a medication to reverse a reaction from an entirely new drug on which there was no research, no data, and no information available. And he had to do it in the time it took the demand for oxygen in John’s body to outweigh the supply, which could happen any moment. The slowing of the circulatory processes was gradual but the onset of shock would be sudden. Lack of oxygen. Loss of consciousness. Nothing to stop the progress of deterioration and total shut down. The impossibility of the situation was almost laughable.
“Poison,” he said. “Whoever stabbed him did it to distract the police from the real cause of death. No other visible wounds on the body suggests poison.”
It was improbable, the whole thing was absurdly improbable and yet no more so than anything else they’d been through. They lived together at the intersection of incredible occurrence and improbable circumstance and perhaps it wasn’t all that surprising that this would conform to the same pattern. Sherlock was right. Of course he was right. The smug bastard was always right.
But the data hadn’t made it through to his conscious awareness. He’d been distracted by the flooding. His emotions for John had made him miss the facts. The feelings had drowned out what was important: namely, the fact that John had—what he had confirmed himself to be—an irreversible poison running in his veins, killing him slowly.
Sherlock snapped his head up. Mycroft was standing in the doorway.
“No,” Mycroft said, feeling the cold, hollow place inside of him the girl had left when she died.
Mycroft was pushing him into a car, slamming the door shut. Sherlock barely heard him give the address before he blacked out.
He lifted his eyes and regarded Sherlock’s face in amazement. “Just by noticing that hook you could see the whole scene: The men stuffing the body into an armoire and lowering it out the window onto a moving van. You only needed to talk to the Bennis lady for confirmation.”
“I didn’t think you’d volunteer for the task.”
John had barely finished dressing Sherlock’s hand before the detective grabbed his arm, stepping close to him—too close, especially too close considering what happened last night—looking at him with an expression that made John’s breath catch. Because it looked like goodbye, and John wasn’t sure if Sherlock was going to kiss him or cut his throat.
"Hmm," Sherlock said, returning his attention to his laptop. "Shame."
“How was it at Scotland Yard?” John asked, hair glowing bright under the light, still damp from a recent shower.
John’s skin felt numb. Spots danced on the periphery of his vision. He supposed he should have sat down. But wasn’t it—? It was Sherlock running toward him. Why was he running? It didn’t seem necessary. John wasn’t moving. He was standing perfectly still. Or, more accurately, he was falling. He didn’t realise it until Sherlock caught him.
“You know it’s fine,” John said from where he was finishing his dinner at the kitchen table, “if you say that when it’s just the two of us here. But I hope you haven’t forgotten our discussion about not calling things that kill people ‘delightful.’ At least not in front of sane people.”
“Could be. Or someone close to him.”
“Fine, fine, fine,” Mrs. Hudson replied hastily. “It’ll be worth it anyway to see the looks on their faces when I show up with the two of you. You’ll be the handsomest men there. By a long shot,” she added.
“I’m aware this attitude of yours is merely compensation for the fact that you have no power in this dynamic,” Mycroft said, folding the newspaper and placing it on the side table. “But can we skip it this time, in favour of discussing something more important?”
wished he’d at least given it a thought or two or a thousand first. He should have considered what Harry had said, whether he could—
John shut and locked the door to 221B. He turned and his breath hitched. Sherlock was looking at him with unguarded want and he felt the new lack of barrier between them like a cold breeze—exposing enough to make him shiver. He stepped through it, reaching for Sherlock and pulling him in close. His mouth was warm and his lips were soft and John’s thoughts blurred to a haze as he pushed Sherlock’s coat off his shoulders.
are still dragging him into gunfights.”
“Loads of evil to do,” Tweedledee said.
John knew what he meant. It was as if there was a pleasant pressure securing him to the rug. He lifted his arms and let the intensified gravity drag them down.
“Considering Scotland Yard is determined to bungle their own investigation by throwing a wrench in my process—slowing everything to a grinding halt by making me wait until Monday for an autopsy that could just as easily be done at the weekend if it weren’t for some arbitrary social constructs about ‘days of rest’ designed to indulge laziness and curtail productivity—I thought I’d do some background reading in the meantime.”
John was on the verge of protesting, but in the spirit of letting sleeping detectives lie he kept his mouth shut. One chair thrown at his head was enough for one day.
John raised his eyes to the ceiling. On the one hand he wasn’t aware of giving Sherlock any look, but on the other hand his mad flatmate had just blatantly deemed cancer research unimportant.
they'd been sleeping. Had Sherlock…? Blimey, he hadn't even
Sherlock could feel him leaning slightly over his shoulder to look at his notes. The familiar smell of wool and toast mingling with the unique, warm scent of John’s skin enveloped him. Sherlock had an unusually sharp sense of smell and a remarkable scent memory. It allowed him not only to pick up but to differentiate with unerring accuracy between barely lingering traces of perfumes, tobaccos, and even deodorants. Considering this and the fact that there was no one he spent more time in physical proximity with, John’s scent was as familiar to him as his childhood bedroom, as instantly recognisable as the smell of blood, formaldehyde, propane—It was different though, because it was softer than any chemical or perfume and certainly more agreeable. But despite its subtlety Sherlock could pick it out of a crowded place and know John was there even before seeing him. He found it unexpectedly… nice, even comforting in a way no other human’s was. John’s scent was an integral component of 221B, and the flat had never smelled right when he wasn’t living there.
But once John was dead there would be nothing to prevent Moran from killing Sherlock too. Lestrade might be able to send him to jail, but Mycroft had just confirmed jail wouldn’t hold him. He’d be back on the street soon enough, and he’d go after Sherlock.
John swallowed hard. Dreams of it, fleeting and opaque, had haunted his subconscious since the day they’d met and the gorgeous scientist in the lab had made his head swim, a phenomenon that had only allowed him to be half-interested in the women he'd dated while Sherlock was still alive: vibrant and demanding and overwhelming, absorbing John so completely there had never been room for anyone else. And now, conscious of it in the way he’d never been, the way he’d never allowed himself to be, the desire slammed into him hard enough to make his chest ache. Oh god, Harry was right. All his life he'd only ever been interested in women, and then he'd met Sherlock: Improbably beautiful, magnetic, exceptional, and more importantly, the exception. The exception to everything. Even just the thought of Sherlock’s skin beneath his hands, the heady taste of his mouth, of Sherlock lying back and
John was pressing Sherlock’s hand firmly into the grass as he held himself above the detective. No,
an intriguing specimen. I would love to get you in my office for an hour—pick your brain…” He trailed off for a moment with an entranced expression.
John cleared his throat. “He means he’s sorry for your loss.”
Sherlock shut his eyes as he felt, within his mind palace, the lock break. The door to the Feelings Closet swung open and a rush of memories flooded through his mind like water.
Sherlock drew the second sheet of paper from the envelope and balked. It was a page torn out of a book. Eighteen lines of text. It was a poem.
“I’ll get some,” Sherlock had replied casually.
John held Sherlock tightly:
Window. Ledge. By stepping on an empty crate he was able to pull himself up onto it. Kneeling on the ledge he looked into the dimly lit space. He could see a large man crouched on the floor, and beneath him—
"The next should be a quickstep," she continued.
She chuckled. "This really isn't for you, is it?"
Black. Heavy, suffocating black was pressing in on him from all sides. He couldn’t see. His limbs were too heavy. He couldn’t move. He fought against it. He had to get up. He had to get back. He had to get to John. A glint of light. He willed himself toward it, dragging his mind forward.
He knew something was coming; whatever or whoever it was was just taking a criminally long time about it. Worthless criminals. Were they trying to torture him? The problem with having accumulated so many dangerously insane enemies was that there would always be someone only too gleeful for the opportunity to torture him.
Standing by her hospital bed he told her he loved her, desperation making him want to believe the fairy tales were true—that love could save people or heal them or accomplish anything at all. He was only fifteen.
"Not necessary. All research today. All boring. Well, for you anyway." And with a sweep of his coat he was gone.
“What then?” John sat down in his chair across from Sherlock. His tone suggested he did not appreciate that his answer could have been correct in an alternate universe.
Sherlock observed John tighten his grip on the doorjamb where he was leaning between the living room and kitchen and close his eyes, just for a moment, almost a longer blink, as he took in the words and judged them accordingly. When he glanced up again he said simply, “I believe you.”
"We have a client."
"Relax," Sherlock said.
In an instant he was able to clear the mess in mind palace. All damage repaired, everything put back into place: pristine. He could do it now because it was important now. He needed his brain in top form. He’d studied this poison and determined it to be irreversible. It was an impossible task and he would have to do it. There was no alternative. He
Sherlock stepped forward, putting his arms around John’s neck and burying his face into his shoulder. John wrapped one arm around the boy’s thin frame and held the back of his head with his other hand.
John blinked down at him. Sherlock must have met Moran tonight. He figured only Moran, possibly acting through Moriarty, could clean out a warehouse full of bodies and drugs that fast.
?” John put his phone to his ear.
A flash of a memory from his previous mind-palace-crisis: Mary, veil draped over her face and shoulders, gun held steady—
John couldn’t help smiling fondly at the obstinate detective. “Only some. I hear the Paras have strong opinions about sandwiches.”
"Words like, ‘wanker’ and ‘dickhead’ and ‘twat.’”
“John, where are you going?”
Sherlock groaned internally. He was certain this was the only way he would ever spend time listening to a psychologist: drugged and handcuffed to a chair.
“The doctor is ill,” Sherlock said, “how concerning.”
She didn’t know what she was talking about. That wasn’t her fault though. He hadn’t told her anything. It was her fault though. If she hadn’t been such a rubbish older sister he might have told her more.
Often when Sherlock played he focused on the precision of a piece rather than the emotion of it: perfect bowing, complete accuracy of dynamics, flawless vibrato, etc. But today he needed to work through frustration. He needed sound to crowd out the infinite tangents of thoughts his mind could tear through—all futile and utterly maddening without the possibility of action.
,” Sherlock said. “I wear them.”
John wondered if Mary would have been put out to hear this. He looked at the picture of Reeves again. The man didn’t look particularly stealthy or clever. He looked like a bouncer.
He remembered telling Mary at the Holmes’ house on Christmas day, “You know I’m still basically pissed off with you. I’m very pissed off and it will come out now and then.” Unfortunately, ‘now and then’ had turned out to be more like ‘now and then and again and again and again…’ He had thought it would go away. It hadn’t.
John sighed, “I couldn’t go if I wanted to. I meant to pick up something to wear this week but it slipped my mind.”
John shrugged. “Well, the wedding wasn’t important enough to attend; I don’t know why the divorce should matter.”
“Well I don’t dislike your face either,” he returned, eyes fixed on the passing streets.
John leaned against the doorframe and watched the world’s only consulting detective fill the room with heart-rending music that sang of love: the longing and passion of desire, the devastation of loss, and the elation of fulfilment. He couldn’t believe that someone who had never been in love—someone who self-purportedly didn’t have the time or interest for love—could so adeptly reach the heart of a piece of music and bear it so openly.
Before Sherlock could respond John’s hands were on his scarf, pulling it free from his neck. His fingers tugged at the buttons of Sherlock’s coat as he endeavoured to pull it off. Sherlock stood motionless as John dropped his scarf and coat to the floor.
crucial information you’re getting from these measurements,” John said louder, watching Sherlock walk over the coffee table to stand on the other side of the room.
No, he couldn’t think about it. He just had to talk.
While she waited for him to wake up, she dug into her bag and pulled out her phone. A few clever stokes over the screen and a few would-be top secret codes and she was into the hospital’s system. John’s file downloaded within a few seconds. (The ‘security’ at such a ‘secure’ hospital could stand to be improved, not that the holes in the system weren’t currently working to her advantage.) She needed more than the terse, clipped responses the nurses had given her—all they were willing to provide to someone who wasn't immediate family.
“Well, come in,” Tony said, opening the door wider. “I’ll have a quick look round and maybe I can find it.”
Sherlock was the better detective; of course Lestrade knew that. He’d have to be as thick as Sherlock assumed he was not to understand that. That’s why he continued to call him in. At the end of the day catching the murderer was more important than pride. He just had to grit his teeth through the investigation and count backward in his head to keep himself from kicking the world’s most brilliant detective square in the arse.
Even as a very young child Sherlock had always been fiercely independent. He hated that Mycroft was seven years older and that many times more capable. Sherlock would have been the smartest boy in England if Mycroft hadn’t been there first, holding the title above his head. And Mycroft never lost an opportunity to remind his little brother that he was stupid by comparison. Whenever he felt Sherlock’s ego needed an adjustment he would ask him a question he knew he wouldn’t be able to answer.
if he allowed John to take him apart...
“Did he say where he was going?”
“I correctly estimated how tight the security would be,” was apparently a sufficient answer.
John never thought he would feel so at ease living with such a difficult personality. He’d been shocked to recognise how well he and Sherlock got on. There was a calm comfort (which paradoxically included blowtorches and the occasional appearance of murderers) in 221B that he’d missed sorely since his falling out with Mary or, perhaps more accurately, since the night he’d returned to an empty flat after Sherlock had jumped off the roof of Barts.
Sherlock glared. “It’s pasta, not a soufflé. I think I can manage.”
John drew in a long breath. “Yeah, me too.”
John was hit by a strong sense of déjà vu. He couldn’t place it though. “His socks?”
John swallowed. Was this it? Was he finally getting an answer to what had been one of the most mysterious facets of Sherlock Holmes? John knew that in some ways it was none of his business, but in other ways he was fantastically fucking
Sherlock shrugged. “You did.”
When John stopped in front of him, Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but was momentarily taken aback by what he saw.
“Are you ready?” John asked, taking a step closer.
“Now, now, Sherlock, let’s not pretend you didn’t enjoy our game of Boggle,” Mrs. Hudson sang from the kitchen.
Mycroft thought about his answer. He loved Sherlock. Of course he did. Sherlock was horribly annoying and stupid at times, but he was also his genius little brother who Mycroft knew even then he would spend his life protecting. Because Sherlock was always going to be in danger. The boy was reckless, antagonistic, ostracized by adults and his peers alike: a magnet for trouble and even violence. When the girl died Mycroft had vowed to never be foolish enough to love again, but it was already too late when it came to his brother. Mycroft could remember the exact moment he knew he loved him.
Mycroft strode through the swarm of little kids, scooping up a struggling Sherlock and placing him safely on top of a slide. Mycroft turned to the boys glaring up at him, they were older than Sherlock, he guessed about nine years old. But he was thirteen and much taller.
John looked back over at them, but Sherlock recaptured his attention by tugging his sleeve. He pointed to a spot below his collar bone. John squinted at it and saw the mark where the needle had pierced the vein. His torn shirt; the injection done in a convenient location if Sherlock had had his hands cuffed behind his back… John may not be able to read a crime scene like a consulting detective, he may have next to no clue what had happened here tonight, but the evidence was enough to know Sherlock wasn’t lying. The drugs weren’t his fault.
John was the most important thing in the world to him. But his work, his mind palace,
“I’d have something stronger, if you’ve got it.”
he could if he needed to, it wasn’t as if he was breaking any rules--
John looks a bit startled, almost perplexed as he stares down at Sherlock’s trembling Transport.
“...I sneezed.”
Sherlock gives John a pointed look.  “Why, yes, John, I’m quite certain that Aaron is
John bites his lip.  He trusts Sherlock, and he believes Sherlock knows his own limits.  The fact that he’s drawing a line here is significant, and John deeply respects him for it.  He leans down and steals another kiss, tender and deep, before pulling away and looking Sherlock squarely in the eye.  “Alright.  How about you top me this time?”
“Alright, then.  I’ll see you soon.”
“And now she’s poised to become the
“Oh!  Right, sorry, just… really enjoying myself back here.”
John looks up at him questioningly.  “I… yeah, I was, if that’s okay?  It’s just that the circumference is a little bit wider than my cock, so I thought it’d be good to get you stretched out a bit more before we try anything more extreme--”
Do you understand that?”
when John brought up the possibility of Sherlock procreating.  Why?
“I won’t mention anything that’s not ash.  Or ash-related.  Or at least ash-adjacent.”
“God, the… the way you manhandled me, fuck, you were so rough and demanding and made me feel so--
and Sherlock won’t comply, then that would be the end of it all, wouldn’t it?  And Sherlock couldn’t lose John just because he was some sort of twisted sex addict.  He could do the vanilla thing.  He
“About what?”  John can’t decipher Sherlock’s tone.  He’s being guarded.
I pride myself on knowing what my Subs want.  But he was an enigma.  He wouldn’t submit to me, no matter what tricks I tried.  I couldn’t figure out what kind of Sub he
So that’s exactly what he does.
A fresh flame of fury flares up inside John’s gut like a spark.  He’s not exactly self-conscious about his height; he’s long since come to terms that what he lacks in verticality he can easily make up for in charisma and prowess, and that knowledge has served him well over the years.  But something about imagining Sherlock dwarfed by Aaron’s 6’4 frame is undeniably arousing, and his prick twitches eagerly in front of him as he conjures the scene, Sherlock splayed wantonly on the bed while Aaron’s muscular form stalks towards him like a predator closing in.
The Woman raises her eyebrows.  “...And?  What else?”
The victims shared no discernable connection.
Sherlock has to use all his willpower not to roll his eyes.  John is always
“Oh!  Um, okay.”  John looks pleasantly surprised; they haven’t been having many negotiations lately as they were still taking baby steps back into having power exchanges, so the fact that Sherlock was proposing a negotiation out of the blue seemed to have caught him a bit off-guard, but he takes it in stride.  “Sitting room?”
to have sex with Seb.  He does-- at least, he
Sherlock moans wantonly and arches his back further, and John grins at the spectacle laid out before him.  The two perfect globes of Sherlock’s magnificent arse are parted to reveal his hole, open slightly from his earlier attention but still visibly tight.  It’s times like this that John pauses to reflect fondly on the fact that he’s the
<21:13> 1
“Yeah, I’m just… was it always so… bleak?”
“Good?” Sherlock asks conversationally, propping himself up onto his forearms and peering back at John.
He lets his head drop down to his chest as he sinks further into the sensation of prolonged helplessness.
Everything is quiet and calm.  Sherlock coasts serenely on rolling waves of sound: of John’s steady breathing, of the ticking of the clock in the corner, of the distant sound of traffic muffled by the window panes.  His mind feels dark and silent.  His body feels empty and relaxed.  It’s nothing and everything all at once, and he begins to float.
But it was just signing some papers and returning them to the registrar.  No vows, no rings.  It was boring, really.”
“Good.”  John leans down and presses another kiss to the nape of his neck, causing his skin to erupt in gooseflesh, and Sherlock shivers.  John just giggles, gently presses Sherlock’s legs apart, positions himself between them, and guides his cock back inside.
-- touches him.
“Yes.”
He must have deleted it off his hard drive…) as his mentor, and allowed himself to be shepherded into the upper echelons of academic society.
Victor’s a bit of a tease; it’s always been his style.  He withdraws his fingers and holds Javier’s cheeks wide, exposing his fluttering hole to Sherlock.
than Mycroft’s
He… he shouldn’t be greedy.  After all, this
“Do you think he’s ready, darling?”  He throws an almost infuriatingly casual glance over at Sherlock, as though he’s discussing the weather.
Devins just sneers at him.  “GreySphere is only one arm of many.  And trust me, the bosses like to make an
The next thing John knows, he hears the stopper being pulled from the tub, followed by the unmistakable gurgle of receding water.
He wasn’t quite sure what else to say, so he’d just nodded dumbly.  His professor smiled, and for the first time since Alice’s death, Sherlock had experienced something that felt almost like
The man’s features are clearer now.  It’s Aaron, strong and commanding and handsome, fucking into Jude as if it’s his singular purpose on Earth.  Their coupling is frantic, verging on animalistic, as Sherlock watches with rapt attention as Aaron’s works his substantial girth into the man below him in forceful, demanding thrusts.  Jude is issuing high, frantic sighs, and Aaron grins down at him as he takes Jude’s cock in his strong hand and begins to stroke him in time with his thrusts.  Jude cries out once more and then he’s coming,
Moira grins, sincere and warm.  “Are you available for hire?  I’m fairly certain at this point my children are braindead to anything not on an iPad.”
and John rocks his fingers in and out and
and the
Stay clean, stay sober, be more like
“Oh God…”  Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut, and his breaths are coming in quick gasps.  “Yes.”
He drinks water.  He takes two paracetamol.  He paces in his bedroom, and when he grows tired of that, he makes his way downstairs to where Rosie’s portable crib is set up.
expected was the bleak, relentless rainfall, which was keeping even the most committed shoppers off the streets.  When he’d soldiered out of the flat that morning he’d managed to convince himself that it would let up shortly, but it was quickly becoming glaringly apparent that he’d been mistaken.
“Will you come in my arse, please, John?”
“You doing alright?”
“You’re welcome, love.  Now, rest.  I’ll be back soon.”
John tics and looks away.  “Sometimes.”  He can’t look her in the eye right now.
it is, let alone what
Barely a month later, on a cloudy, inconspicuous Tuesday morning at half-past nine, John takes Sherlock’s hand as they wind their way through the labyrinth of Westminster City Hall.  At the Register’s Office, they present their papers, sign some forms, and receive a certificate.  Afterwards, they grab coffees at the kiosk down the street, then Sherlock catches a cab towards Bart’s and John takes the Tube to the surgery.  That night, he picks up Rosie from daycare, he and Sherlock cook dinner whilst Rosie babbles excitedly about the exploits of her day, and then Sherlock puts her down while John does the dishes.  Then they watch a bit of crap telly, and John laughs while Sherlock points out the flaws in whatever rubbish crime procedural is on, then they go to bed and have some very pleasant sex before drifting off into an exhausted sleep.
Sherlock snorts, feeling a momentary pang of jealousy, but he quickly reminds himself that Aaron’s lot in life wasn’t always what it seemed cracked up to be: he still hadn’t come out to any of his homophobic family back in Australia, making his new life in London more isolated than ever.
“I… you need to stop or I’m going to come.  That… Christ, it feels bloody brilliant, but I’m…”
Whatever the hell
“Then you’re free to sit and simply
“I think… I think I got this movie confused with a different movie.  I thought this was about a missing boy who returns home years later and some people suspect it’s not him.  I thought it was a… mystery.... thriller… thing.  Not this.”
“I’m going to stay with a friend for a bit.”
I'll be updating again mid-week.  Thanks for reading!
“Don’t know.  Why don’t you text him?  Maybe he’s finally free for
men, rising above the effeminate shortcomings of those not in the service.
A smile tugs at the corners of John’s lips as he lowers the candle once more.  He finds the edge of yet another of Sherlock’s deeper scars, and tips the hot wax along the length of it, tracing the raised tissue at a slow, measured pace.
John doesn’t ask for him to elaborate; he knows Sherlock gets a bit shy about this part.  Without fanfare, he reaches down and tenderly guides two fingers inside him.
Despite himself, Sherlock breaks out in gooseflesh.  How was it possible that John’s praise was STILL impacting him this way, even with John nowhere in sight?
Sherlock understands implicity.  They are in this together.
“My, that is a spot of trouble you’ve found yourself in!  I’m so glad you reached out to me, Un-Christian, and I hope I can help you out a bit.  Now, if you’re a fan of my channel, I’m sure you know there are
“Quite alright.”  He dutifully turns his attention from her back to the flat, securing the perimeter and checking for all possible points of egress.  Upon inspection, the quarrels of the windows are reinforced steel, and the refraction of the sun through the skylight suggests it’s bulletproof glass.
with his shirt unbuttoned just a
So he’d believed his parents were, at the very least, in denial about the entire situation.  And that was alright with him; they could believe what they liked.
John is licking him, kissing him, teasing him inside and out, while Sherlock is suspended and
shirt collection--”
but he knows John wouldn’t take kindly to that.  Instead, he resigns himself to relying on his wiles.
to whom he is submitting.  He’s safe here.  So safe.
John takes a moment to mull this over.  “Seems reasonable enough.  But what does any of that have to do with Craneworthy?”
“That we know of,” Sherlock retorts.  “Fifteen people are dead-- whatever was going on, it clearly wasn’t small potatoes.  The latest string of victims includes an MI6 agent.  As I suspected all along, there’s clearly something more going on than meets the eye.”
It was going to be a long day.
(I'm bored, leave comments.)
Sherlock freezes.
“Is there a note?”  Sherlock is equally befuddled.
Greg let out a long-suffering sigh.  “Well, in that case, I suppose you’re forgiven.  But either way, John, you should know… I’m… well, I’m chuffed for you both.  I’m glad… I’m glad it all… um, worked out.  I’m glad it all worked out.”  Greg had turned bright red during his little monologue, and was avoiding John’s gaze entirely, pretending to be utterly transfixed with the coaster resting on the bar.
Sherlock groans as he struggles to prop himself up on his knees without slipping out of John altogether, then procures the lube and presses it demandingly into John’s palm.  “Don’t ever mention my brother in bed again unless you want to risk me regurgitating all over you.  Now, slick up your fingers and put them in my arse.”
“So.”  Sherlock shifts slightly in his chair.  John can tell he’s already a bit aroused; the thought makes him smirk.
John ruffles Sherlock’s hair fondly.  “Alright, sweetheart.  Let’s begin.  Open up.”
Sherlock issues a withering sigh.  “Unfortunately, yes.  I patented the process my first year at Cambridge, so I still possess the exclusive rights.”
“Yes, John.”
Sherlock glares surily up at him.  “Well, Aaron wanted to make sure we got home alright, so I was just telling him--”
“No, you don’t understand.  I like
“Look up.” The command is barely a whisper, but Sherlock flicks his eyes up to the ceiling.  His breath catches in his throat.
Sherlock’s hands fly to John’s hair as if by instinct, and John moans wantonly around his member as he begins to bob his head.
, really, not even our families.”
Not everyday we get shit
“Righto.”  John takes the pen and puts it to the paper, which Aaron swiftly collects and adds back to the pile.
And for a split second, the wall disappears.  The wall that they put up between each other the moment Sherlock takes a case, the wall that makes them
Victor looks at him with immeasurable fondness and brings his hands up to gently cradle Sherlock’s face before leaning in to kiss his forehead.  “Alright, darling.”
and it was
Christ, could this evening get any better?  “Yes.”  He does his best not to sound too embarrassingly earnest.
Just this.
John quirks an eyebrow.  “Are you ready to be bred tonight?  I don’t know about you, but I’m suddenly feeling
Sherlock.  You’re not listening to me.  We can’t… we can’t keep having power exchanges.  It… I thought it was good for us, but it’s not, it’s dangerous and it’s damaging and considering our past, it’s incredibly arrogant of us to have thought we could successfully--”
Sherlock’s brow furrows.  “But I thought you said… you liked it.  You liked what we’d been doing.”
But Sherlock knows better.
important people.  So chop chop, sweetheart, let’s be quite quick about this, time is of the essence--”
“Gah,
<12:14>  Good riddance.
(See the end of the chapter for
bad tonight, and I need to take you home to be punished.  Don’t make a fucking scene; you’re in for a world of trouble already.  If you know what’s good for you, you will turn around and walk out of here right the fuck now.”
For a moment, Sherlock can’t hear anything but the throb of his own heartbeat in his ears.
“Please, John, you think I’d fantasise about my SKULL servicing me sexually?”
And Aaron had presented himself as the perfect solution: he’d consented to the lot of it, followed the rules and limitations that John laid out, and backed off immediately when John announced it was time to stop.
He’s fairly certain he’s going to die.  He grips the edges of the toilet bowl desperately as he heaves again and shudders through another round.
Sherlock doesn’t even have to read his face to know that he means it.  “I know.”
Sherlock hisses and begins to rock his hips faster.  He’s getting close, John can tell, and he tightens the grip of his fist around Sherlock’s throbbing member.
John’s brain unhelpfully interjects.
Aaron re-emerges moments later, wearing sweatpants and a resentfully tight t-shirt and trailing an
Greg rolls his eyes.  “For fuck’s sake, drop the stiff upper lip act.  Not doing anyone any favours here.”
<19:22> What’s the wipe wipe song?
Despite himself, his cock feels a bit warm.
John swallows.  “I’ll take the train home this morning.  To make arrangements.  Can Rosie stay here?”
“Go stand facing my chair.  Perfect.  Bend over and put your hands on the arms.  Lovely.  Hold still.”  Sherlock gasps as John flicks off the plug and hastily removes it; he feels obscenely wet and open.  “Oh, fuck, Sherlock, that’s gorgeous, you look amazing.” His fingers casually circle Sherlock’s fluttering rim.  “Now I need you to hold still.  Keep your hands where they are.  Be good and let me have you.”
Sherlock gasps at the initial contact.  He’s already intensely aroused, and the feeling of John’s fingers on such a sensitive part of his body is wholly consuming.
you take control as the dominant partner when we’re having an exchange.  If I can observe it first-hand, I’ll be much better suited to my character tomorrow.”
Sherlock furrows his brow, but nods.  He’s not quite sure what John has in mind, but he trusts him implicitly.
Moments like this one, in the swift, sweeping silence of the cemetery, where he’s currently lying on his own grave.
“Condom, yeah?”  Javier’s words are a little muffled, but the demand is clear.  Sherlock smirks to himself; Victor was always fastidious about picking
WHERE YOU DISAPPEARED TO?”  He feels nearly apoplectic with rage; somehow, this revisionist history of his first sexual encounter with Sherlock is making him feel like the ground has fallen out from under him.
The next thing John knows, she’s put two hands on his chest and shoved him bodily backwards so that he tumbles rather ungracefully into a sitting position, back propped against the seat of the booth, arse on the frigid floor.  Without missing a beat, she straddles him and lowers herself into his lap, then latches her lips to the left side of his neck.
don’t get it, do you, Johnny?  This isn’t about my hair.”
A devilish grin spreads across Javier’s face.  “Excellent.  Ines?  Would you like to make our new guests feel welcome?”
John swallows hard and forces himself to take a deep breath.  He can’t
John sits bolt upright again, glaring down at Sherlock.
Sherlock gasps and writhes, his thighs clenching together automatically in defense, coming precariously close to putting John in a headlock.
“Okay, we can wait.  Do you want me to hold you?”
like this, John wishes he could stay in this moment forever.
And then John is impaling him and fucking him ferociously, all prior signs of tenderness evaporated.  He pistons into Sherlock’s passage at a ruthless pace, grunting and shouting as his free hand grips Sherlock’s hip, holding him in place.  Sherlock wills himself to remain relaxed, to allow John to use his transport however he desires.  He sucks on the dog tags and holds onto John’s hand for all he’s worth.
Things that actually
“That’s more like it.  Now ask me.”
John grins.  “It was perfect  Just… spent some time at home.  And Sherlock gave me the loveliest birthday treat: he baked a Victoria Sponge.”
and then bask in the afterglow, he expected John to dismiss him outright.  Frankly, at the time he’d been a bit stunned that John had even brought it up; it was still early on in their sexual relationship, back before the Fall, when talking about
By the time Molly arrives, Sherlock is utterly transformed: hair coiffed, impeccably dressed, and so focused on the case that he forgoes the pleasantries altogether, all but snatching the medical reports out of her hand before she’s so much as uttered a proper
And instead, he’s dragged Rosie
tourists on the
He wants to close his eyes.  But no, something inside him reminds him that that was probably a bad idea.  He should keep his eyes open.  In case anyone came looking for him.
“Mrs. H, please.  I-- we-- really need your help.  We’re desperate.”  John’s pleas are met with silence from the other side of the door to 221A.
“Of course.  Go ahead, I’ll be here.”
John doesn’t answer.  He’s not so sure he likes the direction this is headed anymore.
you know damn well that’s not it.”
of sodomising his
Aaron’s face is alight with enthusiasm, and Sherlock can’t help but feel a bit breathless himself.  “Did you ever see those pictures online of underwater lakes?”
Victor is very, very good at this.  Sherlock doesn’t have to be a detective to see that: He’s seen Victor with so many men, and every one of them has gone to pieces under Victor’s ministrations.  It’s all so soothingly familiar now, the way Sherlock recognizes how Victor reads his partners, how he adjusts his rhythm and depth and angle in a slow, steady progression until he’s hitting
John laughs, and Sherlock’s pleased to note he doesn’t sound angry, just amused.  “I’m afraid that’s not an answer.  Which do you want?”
For once, Irene doesn’t look typically smug in response.  “We had an ongoing…
Sherlock nods solemnly.
Just then, the waiter arrives, and leans over to fill their water glasses.
“I’m just..” Sherlock clears his throat, and John’s momentarily mortified to realise Sherlock is actually
It’s glorious.
He wanks off to fantasies of Javier and Ines.  Twice.
“Good.”  John’s voice sounds warm and fond as he pulls the duvet back up over them.  “Come here, love.  Let me hold you.”
“Oh!  Um, yes, yes, I’m ready.  That’s fine.”
looking pleasant for you.  Now hold STILL.”  With that, he gives the belt a warning tug, then reaches into his jacket pocket to procure the tiny packets of lube he’s taken to storing there for situations like this one, in which waiting was not exactly an option.
So after an hour or two of staring into space, he gets Rosie dressed and takes her to the park and then stares into space some more while she toddles around and pokes at the dirt with sticks and giggles with the other children there.  He finally remembers she hasn’t had lunch yet, so he takes her home and gets her some food, then stares into space some more while she naps.
comes into direct contact with his right nipple.  It’s a crippling,
Dr. Richards’ eyes narrow.  “For who to know, John?  From what you’ve told me, since you and Sherlock got back together, you’ve been much more open about the nature of your relationship to family members, colleagues, acquaintances, your rugby team...  And don’t I remember you mentioning that you’d told a few of the men you served with when you saw them at an event a few months back?”
He’s just lowered himself into the water and closed his eyes when the bathroom door barges open.
The words catch in his throat as he comes face to face with a very flushed,
He tends the flames until the fire has grown to a warming blaze, a welcome contrast to the chill seeping slowly in through the ancient windowpanes.  It fills the room with a cheery glow, and John pulls up a chair to sit beside it and bask in the heat.
that Sherlock can’t help but smile back.
“Good.  You were so
John reaches up and combs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.  It feels
The both moan.  Sherlock feels unimaginably wet and open, and John’s head swims at the heady sensation enveloping his cock.  He hasn’t felt Sherlock this relaxed in ages.
John decides to tread carefully; he doesn’t want to risk getting into an argument right now, especially not in front of Rosie.  “Good day?”
“Oh, fuck, yeah, yeah, sweetheart, that’s really good, GOD!”
The question had caught John off guard.
Suddenly she stood, giving her long locks a toss and extending her hand.  “Come on.  Let’s go exploring.”
time to wake up), he and John make their way downstairs to find the rest of the family already gathered there, Sherlock’s mother just pouring the coffee.
it would be better this way,
of anticipation, the thick, palpable promise of what was to come, and his brain helpfully provides a delightful highlights reel of some of the more lavacious activities they’ve engaged in recently.  He knows it’s pointless to try and predict what John will do with him once they’re alone; when they’re Unwinding, John is endlessly unpredictable and dazzlingly innovative, catching Sherlock relentlessly off-guard no matter how many times they’ve been down this road.  Sherlock focuses on breathing, and on enjoying this moment of glorious suspension, the world narrowed to the single invisible thread of promise tying him inextricably to John Watson.
trouble pulling (as if he would; John considers himself straight, but he’d have to be blind not to notice that Aaron was almost
This was the high Sherlock had always sought but could never explain.  It was everything he’d always wanted, but thought he could never have.  It was the release he’d been desperate for, all those dark years, until John showed him just how perfect the world could be.
change things?).
***************
And then John would turn his head and kiss Aaron, hard and forceful and
John rolls his eyes.  “So yes, Sherlock, I’ll incorporate that into a session sometime in the future.  But I need you to agree to one rule about this.”
“Okay.  That feels alright, now.  You can wash me.”
<12:24> Yes.  That.
John begins to thrust in earnest, pulling Sherlock’s leg up and open, granting himself unfettered access to the tight, hot hole enveloping him.  Sherlock cries out, a wanton, debauched sound, and John can’t help but grin before lowering his lips to suck a mark right at the base of Sherlock’s trapezius.
in anticipation as John approaches him.
They proceed down a dimly-lit hallway, Grace’s heels echoing sharply against the black marble floor before making an abrupt left into a small room with three velvet curtains lining the far wall.
“What the HELL, Sherlock!”
“You want it?”
“It… it was a lot.  It was really, really intense and… and as I think you noticed, it put me on sort of a strange, bipolar trajectory when it came time for recovery.  My emotions were all over the place: one second I felt like the happiest entity in the universe, the next I was so miserable I wanted to disappear.  Afterwards, I wanted you to keep having sex with me indefinitely, like I desperately required validation, but it also made me feel dirty and helpless and like I never wanted to be touched sexually again.  It was so confusing, and the way I found myself reacting was completely unexpected.”
