"Hello?"
Wade listens and stands still looking at the photos hanging in the place, sees a strip of photos with Steve, Tony and Peter in it on the table and smiles wistfully.
Sam appears in the doorframe with a bag of chips almost two seconds later.
"Peter, help your dad with the extra trays."
"Yes? Is Carol?" asks enthusiastically, Steve denies and asks to go to the living room to see him.
Peter nods and runs into the living room and stops when he sees a big boy on the couch playing with his hands who turns when he sees him and greets him.
Steve nods with a smile as Rhodey and Carol look at each other in approval.
Tony has been especially upset since that time on his night off while tucking Peter in, he kept talking about how much he "liked Wade." Steve knows this because Tony keeps bringing it up, saying Peter is too young to be liked by anyone, Wade being three years older for "whatever, just not."
"I start at four so about three fifty is fine. I can give you ten dollars."
"Precociously, yes."
It's not long when Peter is already awake rubbing his eyes with his fist, greets him with a hug when he sees him, asks about his father, and incredibly understands when he tells him that he's gone to work.
"A sandwich and a ... children's juice, please." Steve has to look away so he doesn't end up blushing more and just hides behind the menu.
Hears footsteps heading toward the door. Fix his clothes and adjust his posture so he doesn't look like a vague. Anthony greets him, he's standing in the doorway, he's wearing a gray suit that suits him. It's probably one of those custom made suits.
Steve takes out his cell phone, there are five messages from James asking where he is and one from Sam asking him not to mess on the floor when he comes back.
"Listen," Carol announced, putting her glass aside, "Tony, I know it's your night, but tomorrow we'll tell Maria and Rhodey's parents and we want you to be the first to know, and Steve, of course," puts her palm on Rhodey's hand. "It would be nice if you joined us in this."
"She's fine, Tony, she's at your house ... I guess I should have told you before, I'm sorry."
"You should give up your arrogance for a moment," she says wearily. "You both should."
"Oh. Where's Bucky?"
"It's Monday, sir" the AI reminded him.
Bucky sat on his bed thinking. He had to tell Tony, the mad had to know he's getting cheated on. He eventually went to sleep, a restless sleep.
"Yeah" Bucky's heart was racing.
It was late at night after a long mission for Bucky when he was walking down the hall to get to his room. A moan like sound rang through the corridor and he stopped in his tracks. The guest room, that was right next to his, had a dim light coming from it. He would've brushed it of if it wasn't unusual. And then the door to the room opened and out of it walked Steve with someone who was not Tony. The guy walked away and Bucky was left there looking dumbfounded at Steve.
Steve huffed in a breath and put on his shirt, dragging the other man out with him.
"I feel something's going on. I don't want to upset you, but I think he's cheating on you"
"Okay"
Without another word the TV lighted up and the movie started playing. Tony slowly moved closer and closer to Bucky until he was able to lay his head on the man's shoulder. Bucky wrapped his arm around Tony.
Bucky put on his shirt and they walked upstairs.
Tony watched him go. He walked in the closest room and slid down the wall, finally letting his tears fall. He heard the faint sound of footsteps approaching him but he didn't- couldn't move. A hand was placed on his shoulder and he was pulled in a hug. Tony wrapped his arms around the other person and held them tight.
Tony woke up in the same bed he had fallen asleep in almost three years ago. He looked down at his boyfriend, who was sprawled like a starfish on the bed and smiled, leaning down to kiss his cheek. He went to the bathroom and when he was done there, to the kitchen. Tony started preparing breakfast. He squealed when he felt a pair of strong arms wrap around his waist.
"Steve, what the hell?! Who's this?"
When Tony woke up the next morning he was alone in the bed. He sat up and rubbed his eyes. He looked around.
"School?"
"Why do you wear this all the time?" he asked, twirling his finger around the necklace laying on Tony's chest.
"I know"
When the morning came around Bucky was still banging his head against the wall for what to do. He wanted to kill Steve for doing this to Tony. He went to the kitchen to get something to eat and then go train.
"Done boss"
"Okay. I'll see you around"
Bucky continued walking around his room slowly with Tony in his arms.
"Bucky?" he asked but no one responded. Tony stood up and walked out the room. It was unusually quiet at the penthouse but he didn't care enough to see why. He went to the kitchen to make himself coffee.
"I love you Tones"
"What?! You can't kick me out!" Steve argued.
"What are you doing here? I told you to fuck off" Tony said as he walked by Steve.
When they were done with dinner they moved to Bucky's room. They changed in their sleep wear and went to bed.
"I- I- I… I was walking around a- and the guest room. A- and pops was in there wi- with this other man and he… he was kissing him," Peter hugged Tony tight, "I'm sorry dad"
"Leave" Tony said.
Tony looked at him with shocked eyes.
"What about Peter then?" Bucky asked, "the kid loves you"
"Hey Peter, Pete what happened? C' mon buba, you can tell me"
"Friday, where is Peter?"  he asked.
"I came to take the last of my stuff"
"Of course you can Tones. We can go upstairs and watch a movie if you want"
He and Tony ate quietly. When they were done, the plates were placed in the dishwasher.
"Sargant Barnes is in the training room"
"Hi Buck" he said like nothing just happened.
"Yes, yes I can. And I'm doing it. Leave my tower, leave me and my son and take your fuck doll with you"
"Hi. Do you mind if I stay here? I don't really wanna be alone" he asked.
"'Course"
"I'm sure they're fine Tones" Bucky saw the light blush that spread over Tony's cheeks but he turned away quickly to cover it. Bucky took a bite from the pancakes and his eyes widened.
"Okay" Peter nodded, wiping his eyes.
He was suddenly getting picked up and Tony wrapped his legs around Bucky's waist. Bucky rubbed his back while holding him up with the other.
Tony stood up, stretching his limbs, and went to the kitchen, returning with a slice of pizza on which he was chewing.
"Okay"
"Smells amazing. I'm sure it'll taste just as good"
Tony moved so his head was laying in Bucky's lap and he had started playing with Tony's hair. As the movie was at it's end, Tony had fallen asleep, but Bucky didn't mind, he quite enjoyed it actually. A few minutes later Peter walked out of the elevator and waved at Bucky before going to his room.
"That's very... reasonable," Tony finally found the word, "and cold-blooded. If haut-ladies wore face paint, my mother’s main color would be blue, to reflect that."
It wasn't the first time Steve had to wait for things. He was good at waiting. Unlike Tony. He'd make a dreadful soldier, because, like Steve concluded following his endless movements around the room, he was as impatient as you could possibly get. First, he fiddled with the TV that nobody turned on since he fixed it. Then he went to a staircase to yell at somebody over the phone. Then he just paced around the room, like an animal locked in a cage.
"Peter ordered food for us all. He's inn his room"
"Um, no. Why?"
"Hi Tony" he said, even though surprised to see the man there at that time.
"Well, the old Steve is gone" with those words he walked away to go to his fiance, lay in bed, snuggle with him and pretend.
"Yeah, of course, go" Tony said.
"Steve is one fucking son of a bitch for doing this to you. He didn't deserve you" the words got a teary chuckle out of Tony and he wiped his eyes.
"What the hell has happened to you man? I can't recognize you. The old Steve would've never done these things"
"Okay" Tony went to the lab instead of the kitchen so he wouldn't have to see Steve again. He just sat in his chair and started blankly at a wall.
"It's in the kitchen" Bucky added.
"Thank you. The recipe is from my mom"
"Hi Tony" Bucky said as he saw the man enter the room.
"You did the right thing Tony. It doesn't matter what he wanted"
"I'll be back in fifteen minutes at max, okay?"
"Of course Tones. You can stay as long as you want"
"They're probably bad. I'm not a good cook like you or Steve"
Bucky went to the training room and stayed there for the rest of the day. Tony's sad face was stuck in his mind. Why didn't he tell him straight away? He went to his room to take a shower before dinner. At the table, he sat awkwardly, looking down at his plate and avoiding Steve's gaze. When he was done eating he excused himself and went to his room.
"Y- you w're right. He's cheating" Tony sobbed.
"Okay"
"I wanna take a quick shower if you don't mind"
"Well, he clearly didn't want to leave" Tony whispered, laying his head on Bucky's shoulder, tears still falling down his cheeks.
Tony walked his son to Natasha's room before going to the guest room. He walked in it, closing his eyes for a second before looking right in Steve's soul. He was half naked, while the other guy was only in his underwear.
By the time the guy is gone, Steve lets out a deep sigh of relief with all the air he's been holding in his lungs and James scoffs at his face so he just shakes his head and ignores the jerk he has. by best friend.
"Do you live here?" Wade asks, calmer.
"Yes? What movie is it?"
Even he doesn't know if there is anything to fix.
The days go by and Wade often goes to play at Tony's house with Peter at times, so at the moment "Wade" is always the topic of conversation in the apartment.
"I can take care of him!" Tony laughs, she does it as if making fun of her innocence.
Tony nods perhaps accepting that everything's fine for the moment so he whispers a thank you and goes to serve the new customers.
"Rogers?"
"Okay, I understand." Clap his hand and rub his arm from the shoulder to the tip of the elbow, going up and down several times. They maintain eye contact for a while.
Steve walks up to Tony and approaches until Tony puts a hand on his chest stopping his path.
"Are you going to leave it with someone?" He asks finally cheering up.
His stomach churns, but he can't help but smile, and he runs out to meet Pepper and tell him he's determined to speak to Steve once and for all.
James had a good point: he didn't know if Anthony was gay. He might just be preparing to be the babysitter, but even so, he really wouldn't mind. He wasn't doing this for a date, maybe he liked Anthony a little, but it's not like he's looking for that kind of retribution just for helping him take care of his son.
Steve walks into the kitchen to get cereal and a plate. Takes the milk out of the refrigerator. Peter complaining about it adding that he prefers cereal just because he hates it being soaked. He nods and does things as the child tells him to, and then hands it over to him and goes to the living room to finish the chapter of Clarence they are watching.
"Carol spoke to me, she made me see reason."
They were given asylum in his home until he found a place for himself and his son. He was grateful, but he also understood that he couldn't be a burden to them because they were about to get married and begin to formally put together their life as a couple. The least they needed were two children at home, taking away their privacy.
Peter cocks his head as if he doesn't understand what the guy in front of him is talking about.
Steve tries to speak, but Tony denies, he isn't done yet.
Withouth clue of a woman.
"General Tilton was incredible, it is the retirement I regret the most." Rhodey added. Tony and Carol nodded.
Tony almost runs up to them. He has the cheese sandwich and a bottle of water. He looks scared, like he's a thief trying to take his only wealth.
"I graduated." Smiles.
He wasn't quite sure when his life went from "miserably stable" to "tremendously depressing shit."
Tony starts to sob, leans in and sticks his elbows to his thighs to put all the weight on them, Danvers runs one of his hands over his back from top to bottom trying to calm something he doesn't know if he can actually calm.
"If it happens, tell me you'll be with me, promise me."
"Rogers?" Tony nods. "I don't understand. Why did you lose him? He's right here. You cannot lose something that is entirely within your reach."
"I have only been here a short time, Tony; and circumstances haven't allowed me to meet all of you precisely in a café, but I can see that the Captain isn't the kind of person who doesn't forgive."
"Carol's shift is over, Peter, now go to your place, dad is working," he says to the boy. He sets his plate and bottle in front of Steve and sighs. "I have to bring him to work because no one can take care of him, sorry."
"Daddy, I need ketchup!" Peter exclaims from the bar. Tony lets go of it and walks to the refrigerator to give him the ketchup.
"Do you want to explain to us where you have been all day?" Sam questions as Steve walks through the door. James by his side like a viper, ready to take the first bite.
If God knows everything, he's probably the only one who can understand how he feels when Anthony almost calls him cute.
Maybe your eyes, they're gonna break my heart
"Or as short as Tony."
"I ... I didn't do anything."
"Oh?"
"Are you going to order something?"
"She didn't fix our problems, she just gave us the little push we needed."
Exits the apartment. Steve not believing how dumb he can get with Anthony's presence mentally hits himself for doing a scene in front of him, again.
They finish their meal in silence and James leaves a large tip nickname of five dollars plus the money for the food before leaving. Steve is torn between doing the same thing or not, but he only has three dollars left for tomorrow's lunch and decides he doesn't want to look cheap and leaves a dollar.
"Yes... you want to play?" Asks making a face, Wade nods walking to where Peter guides him.
"What is your name?"
Peter comes running into the living room. He is wearing an orange coat and is holding a Gumball stuffed animal.
After a while, their stomachs growl. Peter begins to laugh and he imitates him because it was funny the moment when the sound makes an appearance.
"We hurt each other, we tried so hard to win a battle in which we were able to get away unscathed, I let myself be carried away by what I felt and not by reason, and I never made an effort to fix things between us, I didn't I tried to call, and I just ... just ... "
"Goodbye Peter's dads."
"Eat right or you'll be as thin as Steve."
Or well, a sandwich and a juice for children (because it costs two dollars less than an adult drink.)
As he walks back feels like he's going through the roof and he can't wait for tomorrow to get back.
And it doesn't take him long to get to what was once his home when in an attempt by both of them to strengthen that bond of friendship they had they were going to get married and move in together.
"I like cereal." He nods shyly. "I love Cheerios!"
She takes his face in her hands and brings their foreheads together as she cries and whispers his name. Tony then understands that Thanos took more from them than loved ones.
"If you're selfish, then be selfish enough to speak to him for your peace. Tell him you forgive him, I'm not asking you to go back to whatever they had before, but look at you," she points him up and down with the index finger. "It isn't doing you good to torment yourself with this. Don't do it for him, do it for you."
Steve is silent, the smile fading a bit from his face.
"I was so worried about you ... I'm sorry I didn't come sooner, I thought you-"
"Larry!" He says without thinking a lot. "Larry is like my daddy."
"He hasn't woken up yet. He's allowed to sleep until ten on Saturdays." Steve smiles under Tony's confused look. "Why...?" Steve can see Anthony's gaze on the donuts.
"Oh, good. You said the complete name, another madman." Tony denies amused and takes his keys from the table by the door. "Peter can't eat anything that has nuts in it, he's allergic, he usually never finishes what he eats, so don't serve him a full plate no matter how much he tells you that he's very hungry. Don't let him turn on the air conditioning and that he don't start taking my clothes out of the closet.I'll be back as soon as possible."
He sighs in relief and nods, letting out the air he was holding in his lungs through his mouth, runs the palms of his hands over his tired face and looks at him.
"You know if the guy is at least gay? Because I don't want you dragging your ass here when he rejects you because he's clearly straight and with a son."
They leave the place, but Steve can't help but think about Anthony Stark and how stupid it was to talk about him like they were gossips with no life of their own.
"Are you kidding me? Who in their right mind wouldn't want to see The Amazing World of Gumball?"
"Are you really going to leave me?" He's happy and amazed. "What time do I have to arrive?"
"I'll go soon."
And Tony keeps ignoring Steve, and he doesn't know how to get through this whole thing. Part of him wished that Steve had also evaporated from the world because then he wouldn't have to pretend that he didn't exist even when they were in the same room occupying the same table. And at night he's tormented by the idea that if they lose against Thanos and all their efforts go to waste they'll have to see him leave or that if he's the one who dies, his gaze will look for Steve. He's afraid that Steve will look at him with those stupid eyes that he puts on when things are getting out of hand and he'll only deny. So Tony won't know if he is mourning the death of one of the team, if he'll be sorry that that death is Tony's, or if maybe Steve will think: "You couldn't even do this well, Stark."
"I asked you if he's dating someone, not if he has a child."
Tony is an adult at the end of the day and by the time he gets to the Avengers Tower he gives his brother Rhodey a hug, greets Bruce with a nod, and finally shakes hands with the woman who saved his life. introduces herself as Carol Danvers.
Steve stops smiling and feels completely dizzy and overwhelmed to see the boy saying it so normal. He frowns because there should be no alcohol in a house with children, much less irresponsible people lacking in love.
"I'm Wade, and you?" Peter walks up to him and plays with his legs leaning on the couch.
"Okay." He answers after a few seconds, and the two pass. "You can sit on the couch."
I know enough about biology
The door opens suddenly, frightening her, but she relaxes when Anthony walks in and is not "a burglar breaking into the house." Instinctively he looks at his watch, barely two hours have passed.
Tony loosened his grip on Vandal’s throat. Vandal had never been quite so apt in his scheming before, but he was right this time. Tony wasn’t willing to bet that he was bluffing. Dragging in a harsh breath, Tony muted himself inside the suit and screamed. “Fuck, fuck, fucking shit,
— and sighed. “All I ask for is a way into SHIELD’s armoury. We know of its location but no failsafe way in.”
Clint stepped up to the door and gave it a good kick, smashing it in. Clint grinned. “Easy as p-”
“And you,” said Steve. “Are icing me out. And bringing up your past. And telling me all hundred and one reasons for why I ought to hate you, like I don’t love you too much to care.”
Tony raised his eyebrows, breathing sharply still. “You telling me you never read my report?”
were. I was complacent, I’d been complacent for a long time and nothing will bring back the people who’ve died because of me.”
"I don't understand why you're doing this." He's crossing her arms. Steve is taller, probably beefier, but he can't help but get nervous. "I don't need people's pity, and I hope you don't do this for an affair with me."
But things sorted out little by little. After all, the storm doesn't last forever and he managed to stay at the university of his dreams on a scholarship paid by the army; In the end, they finally gave him a job and was able to rent an apartment. None of that being possible without Carol and Rhodey. A couple of guys he met in the military who helped him with Peter and college.
He's not sure if Tony likes it, and he's even sassy and rude, but he invites him to Tony's apartment because seeing him like this brings back memories, things he's honestly not sure he wants to see ever again.
It's chemicals It's only chemicals
"And Steve, Steve Rogers ..."
"What? Uh, no-
Steve doesn't know if he has authority, he doesn't know if Peter is allergic to grass or swings, other children or dogs. He also doesn't know if the park is safe enough and he really doesn't want trouble with his father.
"Very funny."
"It's Anthony Stark," he says, as if it's obvious and Steve already has to know. "Has a son."
"Oh?"
Carol greets him with a hug and when Tony meets him, all he can do is smile and walk up to him as if Anthony Stark were the only thing that exists in that kitchen which for that moment is "their place."
Tony looks at him with a raised eyebrow and a smile like he's asking if he's really serious, but Steve doesn't seem to be joking so he sighs. “If you're doing this for the tip, I don't need charity. You can tell that to your friend."
Just a few days ago, he and Nebula arrived on Earth with more bad news than he has ever said in his entire life. And everything already seems to be hell on Earth as in the rest of the universe.
"He didn't bother me, seriously."
Or if it will be worth it.
"Hm... I suppose I have to concede," Stark spread his hands again. "Although, I hardly can complain, this is all very exciting. We now have even more things to discuss over tea, don't we, Captain?"
"I can pass a message," suggested Steve, fighting a yawn. "Or a note. Something from you."
It was still bright, the sun just started going down, and the earth was still emitting a pleasant warmth, so Steve decided against starting a fire just yet.
"What happened?" asked Steve, after they've spent a few minutes in silence.
"The Golden Archer? Perfection Personified? My handle's Hawkeye, if you're asking about that."
Solomon allowed his clients to smoke in the shop.
"God, I'm begging you, go away," Bruce groaned. "Get in the car and just ride. Please. Right now."
"I don't think I know how to hate at all," said Bruce, almost inaudibly. "Or just generally feel strong emotions."
"You're the first," he said. "And Pepper, of course, but Pepper doesn't count, she practically lives at work. Well, I hope it doesn't count, otherwise I don't have a chance."
The tea was prepared by the same ba, who made sure to show the Captain he wasn't adding any drugs this time. While they waited, Stark sat down and reminded Steve with a sigh:
Steve wanted to protest - it was quite evident now that Hank and Janet were together, and less than anything he wanted to be a cause of some unpleasantness. Janet, though, just clapped him on the shoulder.
"Walter," repeated Steve, feeling strangely vindicated. "So, I wasn't mistaken."
He caught up to him right next to the ground, grabbed Tony and rolled them around, hitting the floor with his back. The last thing he saw was Doctor Faustus pressing the head of his cane to his chest, and then he disappeared into thin air and Steve lost consciousness.
"That's a good decision," Happy hummed, sitting behind the wheel. "Sometimes, a lady comes out, and the car barely closes with all her luggage. And that's just for a few days trip."
Steve was used to thinking of himself as a man of the present, but now he was lost, because his present was left far behind. He was scared. He was empty and lonely.
"Not quite, he's stuck and can't get out. The door got jammed, voice commands aren't working, and the emergency sensor short-circuited after water got into it."
Steve was on the verge of laughing, but he didn’t let out a sound, only came closer and sat down in front of the table. It probably looked weird from the outside – a human-shaped robot kneeling in front of a living person, but Steve didn't care. He raised the faceplate, took off part of the armor from his hand, just to touch another man's skin and feel the warmth of it.
"And when people spend the whole day exercising, that usually means there’s some tension they’re trying to shake off," she added, bringing the phone to her ear. "Yes? You again? I already told you Tony Stark doesn't need a therapist consultation. I don't care about your accomplishments, Doctor Faustus. No, I'm not going to meet with you, and if you keep calling..."
"What's so funny?" he asked.
"Steve?" asked Tony.
"I'll send him a message. How's work?" asked Janet, carefully navigating towards a free table. "You know, I've been pretty surprised to learn you work at an arts shop."
Steve was just about to take the stairs, so he wouldn't take space in the small elevator cabin, but before he could leave, Reed grabbed him by the shoulder. It was an unexpected move for someone who did his best to avoid touching people.
"I'd rather not drink," said Steve.
"The thing is, Captain Rogers, you and I came from the same world," said Faustus. "Look at me when I'm talking to you. Thank you."
"Is that good or bad?" Tony turned his head to give him a questioning look. "I thought you'd find it cozy. All the old stuff, layers of dust, right?"
"You need to stop it," said Tony.
"Three hundred? Easily. But I'm afraid, the handle will give up faster than the lock."
Steve wasn't quite sure if it was supposed to be an actual attack, but Hulk reacted immediately: he grabbed the armor and pushed it into the ground so hard it crumpled. There was a flash, white and blue fire burned Hulk's chest, the beast roared, raised the armor above his head and thrown it away.
"I'm sorry," Steve said in an uncertain voice. "I didn't know you..."
"It's hard to ignore a genius," said Bruce. "Never mind that, though. You've probably heard of a destroyed city in the south of Nevada."
"Reed," Steve interrupted him, softly. "Did you need something?"
The sensors were still making their readings – temperature, humidity, pressure, living creatures on the perimeter. Tony's pulse went even faster, but Steve wasn't surprised – he himself was missing every other breath from all the excitement.
"I'm more interested in how a ghem-colonel would get a ba." Steve came to his senses, more or less, and was taking part in the conversation, scenarios of what could've happened racing through his mind.
"Faustus is gathering everyone in his Manhattan office," said Barton. "If he's planning on taking over the world, this is just funny. You know, talking about world domination with a view on Central park."
"I won't." Steve recoiled at the mental image of Walter chewing on moss with an enthusiasm of a reindeer, checked Stark's pulse and frowned. "Can I ask Jarvis for help? I already apologized to him for... saying those things in the heat of the moment."
Steve opened the door and let Tony pass first – the man headed straight to the kitchen, threw the bag on the table and turned on the coffee machine. Steve watched him, not quite knowing what to say. His gaze stopped again and again at Tony's arm, until Tony finally noticed. He took off his jacket without a word and pulled up the sleeve of his shirt.
"I should've guessed," she said, quickly, running up to him. Ants started crawling around her bare feet, but Steve thought there was probably no reason to warn her about that. He debated denying everything, but he couldn't make himself say a single word. "All your secrets," Janet kept talking, touching the metal breastplate. "Your secret past. You never talk about yourself. And you're friends with Tony, and Tony's connected to Iron Man. God, it's really obvious and... What's that?"
"Someone even more ordinary and right, by their standards. Someone who wouldn't care about local beauties and would keep only Empire's interests in mind," suggested Captain Rogers.
"Hurts," said Steve, pausing and hoping he didn't hurt Start. The man's body was griping him so hard his vision went dark. "You're so tight... come on, relax, I can't even pull out when you're like this."
Steve didn't see Tony since they went together to Hank and Janet. A lot had happened in the month since then, not as much as would in the forties, of course, but still enough. Steve had his ID made, found a job, learned to navigate this world and stopped finding himself so often in stupid situations involving ATMs and subway. If you asked him, he thought he was managing everything quite well. Except for this nonsense with the phone, apparently.
"We need a way in," said Steve. "I'm scanning the building, but it'll take time."
“If you're able, bring to me
"As far as I understood, the telepathy was an accident. It doesn't matter. He escaped, found some friends, then a boyfriend and settled down on Athos. He had no name back then, but he adapted his mark and became Terrence See."
"I'm not trying to take your place," said Steve, just in case.
"Ah," Tony hummed. "Reed's impossible to say no to, isn't he? Sorry, Grimm, you'll have to suffer through it, the guest's wish is my command. Happy, take us to Pym."
Steve wanted to object, but found himself nodding instead.
"A valuable contribution, Doctor Richards, what would we do without you," Tony Stark quipped back. "So, how was it?" he asked, voice full of sympathy. "Was it hard not to tell me all this time? That's alright, we fixed it."
"There are no average people," Steve disagreed. "Every person is special."
"A telepath?" Tony asked, incredulous. "Not that I doubt the haut-lady's talents, but that's..." Tony was about to say 'impossible', but then remembered the children downstairs. "That's highly unlikely."
"They're not. I think it's some machinations of the new Consul," answered Steve. "But it is beautiful, that I have to admit."
"How are you doing this?" asked Steve. "This snapping thing?"
They ate in silence, and then Bruce brought the pickup on a highway and pushed the gas hard making the pickup rattle thrice as much. Steve spread the map on his knees and was studying it carefully.
"What list? I can't even make one for grocery shopping. Pepper has one. It does include the saving kittens thing."
Not a muscle moved on Banner's face. For a moment, Steve believed that he was mistaken, or given the wrong directions and address, or maybe he took the wrong bus, but...
"What was your father's name? I mean, can I hear his full name?"
Tony looked at the glass he was drinking from before as if it was his nemesis.
No. This was the man he was looking for.
They parted ways. Tony disappeared behind a thick wall of rain towards the road, and Steve headed to a subway station. It was already getting dark when he finally reached home. There were two recordings on the answering machine: one from Janet, who wanted to know how things were going, and another from Ben, who called just before take-off. His voice was shaking – was it excitement, or just bad connection, Steve couldn't say.
The workshop was also underground, and in the workshop there was the armor. Steve almost couldn't hear its call – either Tony fixed it somehow or just kept it turned off – but the thought still made Steve shiver. He excused himself to Jarvis and disappeared into his room instead.
He stopped for a moment next to the stairwell leading down from the roof and looked back. He could see the bright blue sky from here, crossed by a couple of tall buildings. The air smelt of mown grass, of dust and metal - those were smells of peaceful life, and in that moment, more than ever before, Steve felt alien to this world. He moved his shoulders, trying to shake off that unpleasant feeling, and started climbing down the stairs.
The places where bones pierced his skin were covered in pink raised scars, like the ones from burns. Tony spread his fingers and brought them back together again – as he mentioned, the little finger was still not listening to him. But still, the wound looked like it was inflicted months ago, not just days.
"Why not? You had no time for romantic endeavors? Or were you in love with the armor? I don't see nothing bad in that, I, for example..."
He was drawing from memory, closing his eyes to mix the familiar imagery in his mind, not quite sure what was it that he was trying to draw in the first place, how much time, if any at all, had passed. The familiar feelings overwhelmed him almost as much as being connected to the armor again did earlier. But if the armor could wait, the image in his head demanded to be drawn.
Then again, he also could've tested the serum, became a monster and died without accomplishing anything.
Steve finally felt the armor calling, again, and desperately wanted to connect to it. The call was different than before, though, the pressure of it was gone, so Steve was sure everything was going to be fine. He wanted to get encased in metal again, alone with the armor, the rest of the world drowned out, and to fly. God, he missed it.
"Jarvis? Is he your trusted servant?" Steve recalled.
Steve flinched and turned around. There was a petite woman with long black hair standing in front of him. She smiled an extended her hand.
"But you don't want to move."
Hank looked at him, and Steve recognized the carefree expression on his face. Like he felt whole, connected to the armor, the euphoria of getting to test his inventions kept Hank completely unaware of the world around him.
"And that's it," said Tony, smug, buttoning up his sleeve. "It's a good thing Mister Hulk didn't tear it off completely. I hate when it happens, building up the muscle mass is the most tiresome thing. Awfully boring."
"You froze in the middle of conversation. Just bam, and turned off," Hawkeye hit his palm with his hand. "I figured you were talking to someone else."
"You've adapted well," Bruce noticed. "And found some interesting people. It was clearly not Grimm that hacked the archives for you."
"How long have we known each other, Steve?" Bruce asked, softly. "Three days? And you're offering to help, just like that?"
"You can take any room on the first floor, except for the last one on the left, Pepper lives there. She's in Milan now, but she has a nasty habit of coming back home unexpectedly. Then again, I'm pretty sure she's gonna like you, even if she suddenly finds you in her bed..."
"To keep it short, there's been a rumor circulating the galaxy for quite some time that Barrayarans learned to augment genetic faults in their children not while they were being constructed, but after the fact. It may not sound as important to you, but for the Empire..."
Steve, surprised, almost lost his footing.
"That's not why," said Steve. "I've no license, you're the only one of us who can drive."
"I've no reason to trust you," Banner remarked, quite reasonably. He was still tense. It seemed as though he was trying to relax, and failing miserably. Steve saw perfectly well his shoulders brought together and the nervous tick showing through the carefully controlled expression.
He probably should've asked Tony to leave. He had to, really, because this was all a bit improper...
Stark finished suffering over his poem, admired the screen filled to the brim with classic hexameter with an almost classic beginning of 'Sing, Haut Mio, the rage', compressed the letter and sent it to his mother, clearly hoping it was her turn to suffer.
"Look for it," Steve grabbed Stark's suitcase, still unpacked, from the wardrobe, put it on his elbow, took shivering Stark in his hands and carried him across the ship, accompanied by the chatter of his teeth, to the cabin that he claimed as his own while they were wandering through space. Those smart heads were always a problem – they didn't ever sit well on their owner’s shoulders, making their experiments go wrong, getting them attacked by showers... The ba followed Steve like a hungry komodo dragon stalking its prey. "We can rub alcohol into his skin. And add a spoon of it into his tea. That'll save him from getting pneumonia," explained Steve to the curious ba.
"Thirteen point two," Steve specified. Tony grinned even wider.
"Not quite." Running away under the pretense of having something urgent to do seemed rather stupid, and Steve sat down, waiting till the coffee machine finished working. "The opposite, if you think about it. I'm taking a part in the... experiment."
"Yes?"
"I hope so," Steve lied down on the edge of the couch. "It's true, we don't really... do closeness like this. We do, however, make sure to help warm up those who are cold. One good guy used to do that for me when I was young and frail."
"It's okay, Steve," she said, softly. "Tony will be alright."
The glass in the windows shuddered from another bout of thunder, and Steve noticed, to his surprise, that Reed winced.
They fell silent for a moment. Steve didn't know how to object, especially considering Tony was right.
"Relax, I just want to be friends. All the science talk makes my head spin, and Hank doesn't really get why you’d try to talk about anything else."
"Wait," Natasha sighed. "This is all well and good, but somewhere in the capital, there's at least one criminal stealing officers' mail, kidnapping the Embassy's servants and organizing attacks. You can't just go home and pretend like everything's alright."
"We can set up a fire," he offered. "It's not that hard. And no," Steve shook his head, predicting his objections, "I've been at war, Bruce, nobody'll see us."
Steve watched the armor's sensors carefully and hadn't noticed any changes. Barton's pulse didn't speed up, his breathing didn't change. He knew those like him were trained to lie, and they were trained to do it very well, but he didn't have any other choice. If trusting SHIELD was the only way he could help Tony, then Steve was ready to take that risk. He nodded, then remembered that the armor concealed such subtle movements and said out loud:
"Actually, he can be," the ba informed him, calmly. "He wouldn't necessarily have to withstand physical deterioration through all his life."
"Tony..."
The last day of his vacation Steve spent practically hugging his laptop, trying to find any mention of what happened on that field in Mississippi. The press was silent, the news channels as well. Whoever General Ross was, he knew how to cover his and Hulk's tracks. For a moment, Steve thought that all this cover-up was a bad sign and another proof that America that he loved and protected so fiercely was turning into something different from what he expected. But Steve tried to push those thoughts away: the country wasn't responsible for what a few of its people were doing.
"Stark," Ben, apparently, wasn’t fine with him pestering Steve. "Stop..."
"Five? Or so?" Janet paused, and Steve heard a clinking noise – she was steering her tea. "Steve, what's going on?"
"Sit down," Banner pointed at a chair. "I'd offer you a drink, but I only have bad tea."
"But you're right about some things," admitted Steve.
"That's a sophisticated enough intrigue for our Constellation," Tony nodded. "Are you going to tell us, what's next? I never liked quests."
"Wait, what?" Stark froze with his hands behind his head.
"I need Hank," Janet answered, quietly. She suddenly grabbed Steve's wrist, "promise me he'll be alright. Steve. Promise me."
"I'll wait for as long as you need," he said. "Call me when you're absolutely sure."
"I do," said Steve. "But whatever."
"Do you like it?"
"I need to know," interrupted Steve, "what happened to him."
Bruce blinked at them, surprised.
"I like women," he answered in a cautious tone. "I had a girlfriend, if that's important. We broke up before the war."
Tony's gaze stopped at his face for a moment.
"Put your hands parallel to the ground," Tony demonstrated, and Steve repeated after him. "No more than one percent, or you'll make another hole in the ceiling."
He didn't have time to say goodbye or ask, if Bruce wanted him to pass something to Betty, and it was weighing on his conscience, like any incomplete mission.
"Did you find Tony?" was the first thing Janet said.
He was tormented by something, so desperately that he didn't even try to hide it.
"Did he try to get to your boss, too?"
He was used to thinking of armor as of something alive, like people sometimes think about their favorite cars or motorcycles, but this one was hostile, from a different time and a different world. Steve didn't even really know what was hiding behind those doors. But the armor found him, and the surprise feeling of it twisted him, and Tony's fingers were squeezing his shoulder so hard it felt like they almost dislocated it. Steve turned around, wheezing through his tightened throat, and Tony snatched his hand away, as if scared.
He wasn't overwhelmed, despite not expecting anything like it. It was more like a slow descent, like standing in a well being slowly filled with hot water.
"It's not my secret to tell," said Steve, and gave the mental command. The faceplate opened, and then he disassembled the armor, the way Tony did before. It gathered into a small case that fell next to Steve's legs. Steve was still in his home jeans and a t-shirt that did nothing to hide the glow of the reactor, his hair was disheveled, and his fringe fell over his eyes. He probably looked ridiculous. Tony always managed to look beautiful, even when he was hurt and didn't sleep the whole night before, but Steve wasn't at all like this armor. He was more like a big clumsy machine of his world. They both looked equally ridiculous.
"Fucking is a bad word." A squeaky little voice behind them intervenes in their conversation. Both boys turn to the owner and aren't surprised when they see a kid no more than six years old. "My dad says it's a bad word," he repeats. And Steve blushes so much with embarrassment that he's about to apologize on his knees for not having proper language. Until a young man shows up and walks over to wipe the boy's face.
"Children's menu?" He seems to be joking with his tone, but his expression says otherwise.
"Uh, well, I like to have details with the people I like."
"Hello." Tony returns the salute and stands aside to let the boy pass. "I bought donuts on the way."
Steve isn't looking at him anymore because he's embarrassed and just hopes Anthony doesn't slap him on the cheek. Instead he sees him switch feet to lean on. He takes out his notepad and a pen behind his ear.
"Pete, there's a guest coming to play with you."
They sit at the end in the armchairs. Sam nods and goes to the kitchen for the fries and a soda once he's sure enough that his friends aren't going to kill each other. Steve doesn't look at his best friend after Sam comes into the living room and decides that it is best to put "The Fox and the Hound."
Bruce nods and leaves leaving him alone again. Tony goes to the bathroom and takes a quick shower before going to meet Clint. He doesn't know if he should go over his words, or if it would be nice to think of a welcome speech to this shit that definitely isn't "The Avengers" or if he should just shake hands and give him a hug because God he really needed a hug.
"When are you planning to fix it?"
"Sorry, it's just that he was crying a lot on the stairs, and you know it's my weakness." Steve explains in the kitchen, where Wade can't hear them.
Steve then feels the hollow in his stomach and leans over to sit next to him with the shopping bags at his sides.
Tony sighs. Frustration in your tone; he's tired and Steve can tell. Working in three different places is not exactly the definition of comfort and rest. He barely has enough to cover his daily expenses, he doesn't eat well and hardly ever sleeps thanks to the college assignments that keep him awake until his back hurts and the sky is no longer dark.
"Don't do this just because you think it's the right thing to do."
"She just arrived and is already fixing our problems as a cupid."
"Does it bother you that he likes a ... boy?"
"They told me a while ago, thanks."
"Steve?" Peter is in the middle of the hall, it's twelve thirty, time to wake up from gis nap. Steve leans down and extends his arms for Peter to jump into a hug. "My dad bought me a very very new movie!"
Barnes laughs in his face again, denying: "He has a son, Steve, don't even think about it."
A little arm pulls at him and he looks down to meet Peter, Anthony's son.
Peter blushes because he is shy around new people and waves his hand very little and very slowly.
He doesn't blame them, Tony has nightmares with Peter's voice in the background begging him not to leave him, and he thinks that if he hadn't looked for him from the beginning and talked things over with Steve ... if he had talked to Steve then Thanos would have died right away because he would be there motivating him not to die.
And at no point does Tony turn to Steve Rogers.
They both laugh at the same time.
"Yeah, Yes. You know ... yeah, I don't have a problem."
Tony nods and ends up giving Peter a kiss just to get out of the house and go to work at the mall, Peter is sobbing for his father. Tony reassures him by promising to come back in a while so they can play. Once he's outside Peter looks at him expectantly at what he's going to do, Steve is a bit self-conscious, but ends up offering to watch the cartoons on television, which Peter doesn't refuse. Steve is grateful for all the training days that Peggy's nieces left him as an apprenticeship.
"I know." Tony laughs, a very sweet sound. "It's an important step in your life."
He feels then that he is alive, that Carol is alive and that thanks to the universe, Steve is also alive.
It would does him good to save a few dollars. And Steve doesn't dislike him.
"You need help with Peter, I'm offering you that help, why don't you let me try?"
The kid falls asleep as soon as he finishes his bowl of cereal. Peter lies on his lap, plays with his little hands for a few seconds before giving in to the burden of fatigue that falls on his eyelids and falls asleep soundly.
"Were you really going to find me?" Tony strokes the opposite cheek and doesn't clear his eyes from Steve's head.
"Don't worry, take your time, I can do this all day."
"Yes." He keeps smiling, Steve imitates him and their eyes never leave. They don't look at the overly elaborate wine or snack. They also don't stop to see if Carol and Rhodey have already returned to Peter. "I guess I can quit my horrible jobs now."
"I'm trying to say that I'm not one of those who go through life trying to look good with pity and charity. And I'm definitely not the kind of person who's interested in someone for a fling for a while. I like serious things. Not that I want something serious with you- well, unless you want to...unless not and I, uh. Sorry."
"Yeah, mom." Peter gets out of his seat hastily, dropping the crayons from the table on the way. "Whoops!"
"Don't pay too much attention to me, but you seem like a fucking tight-fisted buying the children's menu."
The movie goes the same as always, a message reaches his cell phone so he takes it out of his pocket and almost jumps out of the seat when he sees that it's a message from Anthony ...
"I'm a fucking selfish, that's what they say about me, right? That I'm someone who wouldn't give his life for the cause. What would be the point?"
"Good, good," he laughs. "I left it in the phone drawer, you know, for emergencies."
Tony is struggling almost determined to say no, but Peter is sick, and Steve doesn't seem like a bad choice. "I get home from work at eight thirty." He tries to lower his spirits, but doesn't get a bad response.
The child denies and rubs his eyes with his fists.
"Peter said you like donuts so I bought you a breakfast." Steve searches the room with his eyes. "Where is Peter? I also bought for him."
"It's right where you left it." He responds putting a handful in his mouth. Steve knows that he is imitating his mother.
"Carol said that about me a long time ago, I thought only she said such ... witty things." He turns to finish the meal, leaving the subject on the air as if it were anything, and Steve has a glimmer of hope that he needs to clarify.
And maybe you're smart Maybe your whole exceeds the sum of your parts
"Your order." Anthony appears out of nowhere causing a fright from both boys. He's more serious than before and just after serving them their order, he takes the child to another table. Steve is afraid that he has heard them talking all that stupid things, so now his appetite is far away and he can't find anything better to do, except cursing himself for shitting.
"Steve!" Peter comes running. He's wearing a little blue sailor suit, but he doesn't care about getting it dirty so he's not afraid to run up to him to be carried in a hug.
"Those donuts are good." Tony closes the door and goes to the couch to put on his shoes. Steve follows, handing him the bag of donuts.
Tony seems to think so, but they are 'his son' and a complete stranger together so he's not even considering considering it. “I don't know you."
The door closes and they both look at each other with a knowing smile. Then Steve is ready to look away, but Tony takes the tips of his fingers surprising him instantly.
It has not been easy for Tony to move forward with Peter since his junior year in high school. With the teachers rushing him to study at night school under the pretext of not setting a bad example to the rest of the students under disappointed looks because "Tony, you had a lot of potential until you blew it." His mother kicking him out of the house with no time for explanations and no money on his shoulders, and without a chance to see his father at least to say goodbye. Of course Tony had a terrible time when it was just the two of them against the world. Peter was a few weeks old and he was only fifteen.
And when his school day ends, he goes out to eat with James at a nearby restaurant that he had never seen, or in fact, it was just one of those many that he ignored because they are part of those luxuries that couldn't be paid with five dollars for the weekly expense that a college student like him had to live with.
They're determined to explore, remember and try new things. Steve digs his fingertips into Tony's hair and he reaches under Steve's shirt. Rogers marks a small distance and smiles a smile between his lips, Tony moans in reproach, but they end up just hugging with Steve resting his chin on Tony's shoulder ..
"Steve? Hi, I'm Carol. I think we met at the restaurant."
He enters the place and the first thing he sees is the child sitting at a secluded table. He doesn't see Anthony anywhere and there are only a couple of people, he walks to a table near the boy and sits down.
"Do you want to pass?"
"Promise me that when it happens," Tony looks at him pleading not to hint at anything. "Tony, look at me." He denies, looks away refusing the simple idea of what he knows Steve is hinting at. "Promise me that you'll take my hand."
He leaves the university resigned to go to his apartment, but stops by yesterday's fast food restaurant and decides that it would not be wrong to go and apologize to Anhtony for the string of nonsense they said about him.
"Well, Wade. I'm Steve Rogers, it's a pleasure." Raises a hand to Wade and surprisingly takes it with a smile.
"Great, yeah, is it okay if I'm there? I don't want to upset Tony."
He knocks on the door, he's anxious and his face is frozen by the cold weather, but none of that matters when the door opens and she's there; She looks him up and down and as fast as possible and does not wait any longer to hug him with all the strength she has.
"You did a lot, Steve. I have not seen him so motivated and confident since he met Rhodey." She takes his two hands. "Of course with you is another kind of hope. I know he's in love and I think I'm almost certain that you reciprocate, but even if you don't ... thanks for giving him back a bit, I was thinking I'd lose him at any moment."
"A California burger and a Seven Up." James nods, stretching the menu towards the man.
He arrives at the address Carol texted him by taxi. When he goes down he sees a normal and very large house. It has the perfect grass and the garden is so green that it probably could have taken out a pair of dark glasses for sunbathing. It assumes that such perfection is due to the style of the military.
"Fuc-
"Sorry, we fell asleep."
"Like the rabbit."
"All right. No, thanks to you, I'll be there."
"Yes, Dad," Peter nods and his father seems to relax his frown, but doesn't let his guard down.
He called her "mom "
"Steve, he's looking at you."
Yes, of course, something quick that doesn't give him time to reject it, but neither to accept it so that he runs into his arms again, maybe something else.
, surely you have several ways to break in undetected already penned out neatly in that marvelous head of yours?”
Vandal tutted, sighing. “Friend or foe, I keep my promises. Tell anyone, however, of what we know and plan to do, and the deal is no more. You are all superheroes, you have a right to be proud and vainglorious— but rest assured we have our own supers - mutants, if you will - on our pay, too. I suggest you simply… do as you’re told, and save yourself some grief for another time.”
— and I’ve failed to thank you appropriately for that, and now I’m worried you’re out here hiding because you had to make a tough decision today, all on your own, and you feel guilty.”
“Your blind belief I’m better than I am is more than I deserve.”
Breathing hard, he asked, “would you like to acquaint yourself with my bed? Tonight?”
,” Tony reminded him.
Tony, scanning Vandal’s eyes for any hint of deception, growled, saying, “what makes you say that?”
. He’s great, but kind of exhausting in large doses.”
Tony tried to avoid the fluttery, buttery feeling squirming in his chest that was surely deadly and looked down at the table. Steve’s full attention felt like the best kind of laser trained to the exact position of his heart, aimed to kill in one hit.
“And therein lies the issue,” sighed Steve. “You don’t believe us when we say we need you.”
“We, we, we, we,” mimicked Tony, turning back to Steve again. “You can’t speak for everyone, they’re not here!”
Tony nodded.
“Then you know I fucked up.”
“It’s great to see you so dusty and torn! How kind of you to… drop by.”
“Nevermind,” he waved him off. “I want you guys to get out of here with Clint. I’m gonna go chit-chat with Mr. Grouchy pants upstairs.”
“You’ve been infuriating from the day I met you,” continued Steve quietly, visibly flustered. He was very close now. “Mostly because you wouldn’t let me in. And you'd hide away in your lab, lock us out when something went wrong out on the field... you cared so much you tore yourself apart trying to fix everything all the time. It wasn't hard, falling in love with you.”
confess to himself or to Steve that he spent most nights dreaming of strong arms, steady shoulders, a blonde mop of hair atop a handsome face, and hands that - in his dreams - sometimes framed his face, and sometimes - in reality - rested on his shoulder after battle, grounded him, gave him purpose -
. The island-dinosaur-mission-slash-entrapment had kind of been the nail in the coffin. Tony only wished he didn’t know what was inside the coffin.
“Textbook narcissism,” he quoted. “Prone to self-destructive tendencies. Not recommended. And still, somehow, here we are.”
was he tough on Tony.
Vandal laughed. “Why, of course! I am true to my word, Mister Stark. Give me what I require, and I guarantee you a Vandal-free life, my friend.”
“Of course I do,” said Steve, and he sounded like he meant it. “I trust you.”
“Tony,” said Steve, meeting his eyes dead-on. “We wouldn’t be where we are today without you. You’re more than just a teammate to us, you’re family. Sure, you’ve got blood in your ledger.
— ah, but accidents happen, like what will happen to poor Virginia Potts, mysteriously falling from her balcony, perhaps decapitating herself on the way down.”
Steve frowned like he didn’t understand. “Tony, you were held hostage for
“And in all that time,” Tony interrupted his own train of thought, “You never thought I was the worst of the worst? Selfish and proud, a pale imitation of my father and all his
Tony scoffed. “Right. Of course.”
Steve had the good sense to look abashed, averting his eyes deftly. “I healed up just fine, Tony. Besides, I had to get out of the Tower, Thor’s been—” he paused, searching for the right words. “Well. Thor’s been
“The person you are,” said Steve sharply, “with your history, I understand why you react the way you do. But there has to be a time where you challenge that part of yourself that wants to run every time you think you’ve messed up. And one day, hopefully sooner rather than later, I hope you come to terms with the fact that our loyalty to you has no conditions. Even when you really have fucked up.”
Steve shrugged, smiling. “Natasha figured it out like, two days before I did. Besides, it was years ago. I fell into a sort of rhythm.”
I am, how fucked my
“Stark, you alright?” asked Natasha, when his mouth produced no choice words or smart comments.
any less responsible.”
with Fury. Ugh. He was a good man, but
Launching himself forward, some choice words that may or may not have been blasphemous escaped him. Vandal looked appropriately alarmed as Tony approached. It was just in the nick of time that he ducked away from the first shot of Tony’s repulsors. He barely scraped away from the second, and then finally took the brunt of the third.
“Right here,” coughed Sam, shoving debris off of himself. He was covered in dust. Tony sighed in relief. Coughing still, Sam added, “sorry for doubting the legitimacy of your previous tackle.”
have a mouth on him, after all.
Natasha huffed. “He’s not fully conscious, but he’s breathing. Keeps mumbling about pie or something. Idiot,” she said fondly.
Tony would’ve responded had his breath not been knocked out of him. Adrenaline pumped through him like a speed train. His heart felt fit to explode in his chest. How could he have been wrong about this? He had heard it, he’d heard that click a hundred times before, there was no way—
Meaningfully, Steve insisted, “I mean it, Tony.”
Going home to Avengers Tower after giving Vandal a neat digital copy emphasising the safest entry and exit points of SHIELD’s armoury didn’t feel like an option. So instead Tony piloted the Iron Man suit up and up and up, until he could freefall with his eyes closed for a safe while, before Jarvis gently prodded him back into flight.
“No,” said Tony, breathing loudly. “No, don’t tell them. I have to fix this.”
Sam went still, pausing his scanning of the aftermath of the blast. “Hearing what?”
“Ooooow!” he howled, gripping his injured shoulder, falling against a wall and leaving a scrape of dark red blood behind him.
Vandal flicked his hand upwards, and Tony understood, ducking out of the way just in time to avoid being struck by a literal
“I guess he’s… surrendered?” said Clint, lowering his bow incrementally, squinting at the door.
Half the Avengers had been dispatched on this particular occasion, and they had traced the villain, named quite fittingly
Tony felt his skin go ice-cold, his heart beating wildly in his throat. As calmly as he could, he said, “you’re bluffing. You’re a lowlife criminal, you haven’t got connections running that deep.”
or civility. Jarvis told you about Vandal?”
it to. I was complacent. I wasn’t looking because I didn’t want to see.”
Steve sat up a little at the attention. “Uh, Natasha.”
“Damaged? Rich? Conceited?”
thing held weight, coming from Steve. If Steve was being honest, that is, and not just an unfailingly kind friend. Before that, they had been what Tony could only describe as
, seven years of Tony finding it steadily harder to keep his eyes off Steve, and still pulling away and locking himself in his lab because he didn’t -
“No.” Steve leaned forward. This was how it had always been; Tony would start telling him these—
“Shit,” mumbled Tony, sure now that he had a concussion with the way the entire world spun. “Shit, shit, shit. Falcon?”
Steve smiled softly. “I don’t know when it happened. I - I just, came downstairs one morning, and you were making coffee in the kitchen, and humming this song - something by Harry James, I think - and loving you just made perfect sense.”
. So, he sat very still and gathered himself, and Steve sat with him, unmoving and constant, like an anchor.
“I think most of us have that in common with him. Especially me,” smiled Tony nervously, taking a large gulp of his coffee to keep himself from doing something stupid on impulse, like flirting.
Steve looked thoughtful, despite the colour high on his cheeks. “She’s tried to get me to ask you out about a million times. I think the only person that doesn’t know is you.”
“We’ve known each other for… how long now?” asked Tony finally, voice thick with thinly veiled emotion.
Vandal stepped forward from behind a pillar like a movie villain and smiled broadly.
Meeting Steve’s eyes resolutely, Tony said, “I was grown when I finally quit designing weapons. And I was still
, said a voice deep inside of him.
to disobey the man in charge when the man in charge was not there to argue with and bonk over the head if necessary. They were nice like that.
Steve, moving into Tony’s space and placing a gentle hand on the back of Tony’s head, quirking an eyebrow.
Natasha raised an eyebrow. “Weird way to surrender.”
And just like that, the world turned mysteriously rouge, blurring around the edges, you know, like a very cheesy, sometimes ironic movie. But to Tony, this was all very real. He froze, didn’t breathe, didn’t move. Steve’s eyes were nervous, but in full control. It felt as though a coil in Tony’s chest was being pulled taught, anticipating a powerful release.
“You think?” said Tony, pretending in this tender moment he wasn’t close to hysterics.
The twelfth floor looked like your typical American mall; pearly white floors and whiter-still walls, the whole place bearing the unmistakable scent of food court noodles and capitalism. Everything was polished and horrible and Tony wanted to go home, despite being a capricious hypocrite who only really appreciated futuristic interior design (that more often than not included pearly white floors and whiter-still walls) when it was his
A damning silence fell over the room at once, except for Tony’s heavy breathing. It felt like a weight had been lifted from his shoulders. He’d finally said it, said everything he had always wanted Steve to know. Maybe now he could understand. Maybe now he might finally realise what kind of a man he protected on the battlefield.
Generously, he waved an armoured hand. “Be my guest.”
The last time they had seen each other, they had been trapped on a Jurassic island, and their entrapment had lasted for nearly two months. So the whole
Vandal grinned. “Are you willing to take that chance? It is not, after all, very hard to find competent hitmen in today’s digital age.” Vandal looked delighted, cackling as he said, “oh, I can just see the headlines in front of me now.
“Not too long ago I designed weapons.
. That’s as good as shooting all of them— every single person who got a bomb dropped on them— in the face.”
