They settled with tea and some more cookies, Benni moving to sit between Steve and Tony. He was refusing to give in to his sleepiness and kept rubbing his tired eyes. He had always been like that, for as long as Tony could remember. For a second it wasn’t Sarah who sat across the coffee table from them. It was Maria and she smiled at a younger Tony who had his toddler brother in his lap and his sister was bringing them tea. The memory made him sigh heavily and he regretted that he had so many memories of them and Benni didn’t.
“He won’t get to you either,” the boy said with a maturity that didn’t really surprise Tony but was still amazing to see. “Cap promised that.”
James reached up and smoothed down a rogue bit of Clint’s hair, his hand coming down to cup his face. His thumb caressed Clint’s cheek as he spoke.
Without saying a word the other men entered, turned on the lights and looked around while waiting for Tony to come in after them. Tony was surprised to see the store clean and tidy. Then again it wasn’t much of a surprise since Steve had been here last. This was probably his doing. Or at least someone he paid to do it.
Steve shook his head. “No, you don’t owe me for saving your life. It was war. I did what anyone ought to have. Here,” he said, reaching into his jacket and pulling out a twenty pound note, “for your troubles.”
The young man stepped aside and Dmitri held the door open for Steve, discreetly clapping Dugan on the back when he entered and he let the door close behind him, leaving the young man on the other side.
James didn’t add anything, sensing that what Clint needed right now was just to talk and for James to listen. And slowly, Clint did talk, opening up for the first time with James about the day he and Tony were taken. About those first few hours after he woke up, the things that went through his mind and how he felt. He talked until his voice sounded hoarse which was probably also due to the crying beforehand and when he stopped, he had told James all about the first few days in captivity when he was alone.
“I know you leave tomorrow. If you want to stop by today, she’s waiting for you. If not, I hope you find something,” James told him. “And Clint just found out you’re leaving so soon and was adamant I give you our number to give to Tony.”
Steve kissed him again before answering. He pulled him even closer so they were pressed against each other. “I love seeing you like this,” Steve purred, his voice going deep, sliding his thumb across Tony’s plush bottom lip. “You just make sure you save some of that whipped cream, alright? I’d like to have some on my seconds as well.”
“Good. Now, I think the four of us should also call it a night,” James announced and Steve stood up straight, his back cracking with the movement. “Getting old, Rogers?”
, my men know we have a tacit truce with you and yours. You don’t need my permission when they conveniently forget.”
He missed their home. Steve’s was alright but damn he missed their home. He missed the easiness of it and not having to think before he did something or went into a room. He missed—
Uncertain of how much time had passed since Howard had once again lost his temper, Tony was crawling to his bedroom and simply laid on the floor, holding his aching stomach. Howard had stuffed the letter into his shirt and he slowly unwrapped the wrinkled up paper to read what it said.
James wasn’t sure he was totally capable of being there when Steve came to. He turned to Tony, noticing the way his eyes were glued to Steve, seeing the way his hand twitched and how his lips parted slightly like he wanted to say something to the man. James narrowed his eyes. So it had happened.
Natalia’s answering expression was incredibly gentle and warm. “I know,” she said, resting her hand on top of Clint’s. “Why do you think I like him? Now, I need a pen and paper.”
“Falsworth leave, Tony can explain these to me on his own. I’ll send him down later.” Falsworth did as he was told, more than sensing Steve’s bad mood, and closed the door behind him.
“Stay the night. Please? It would be nice to have the company. And that way I can better acquaint you with the house and it’s features in the morning,” James said.
They had been talking a lot longer than Clint realized when the doors opened again and he was so sure they were going to take Tony, he flung his arm out, hitting it against Tony’s chest with the urgency he felt.
As usual, Tony was the first one up. The darkness made it impossible for him to actually stay in bed if he wasn’t able to fall asleep again, so he went to the back door to look outside. He still didn’t want to feel the cold but he was longing for fresh air. Was there no air left in this room? Or was that just how he felt? He felt panic rising inside of him, so he decided to make coffee, tea, and prepare a new loaf of bread for later today. Physical work was a good way to keep his mind occupied and keep him in the now.
“Gonna miss you,” Clint said. “Dunno how I’ll survive going back to James’ alien machine coffee.” He grinned when he heard James huff.
Sarah held out her arms for the incoming hug and cheek kisses and was led to a comfortable leather chair in the office that sat across from the big oak desk at an angle. The office was much more elaborate than Steve’s. Steve had simple but good taste. He liked things well-built and beautiful. He didn’t need additional designs or embellishments if they weren’t a part of the initial creation and added no functional benefits.
“Yeah. Sure. Here, take my number.” Tony, his eyebrows raised, took out his phone and opened up a new contact and typed in the number Steve dictated along with his name. “So, uh, text me. Sometime.”
“Yes, actually,” Tony answered before yawning. He nuzzled against Steve’s chest, pressing a lazy kiss on top of his heart. “You’re my favorite pillow and I missed you.”
On the way to the kitchen, he could already smell apple and cinnamon which only intensified the closer they got.
There was a lot for Tony to learn about shooting in general and also with his goal in mind. He wanted to focus and he managed to do so but there was also Steve standing impossibly close to him and Tony couldn't help but remember seeing him sleep topless. Steve’s muscles were prominent through the layers of clothing, his firm body so big that Tony would most likely be invisible. That thought was oddly comforting to Tony. He could disappear in Steve’s arms. In the warmth of his embrace, while his strong arms were wrapped around him. When his mind was going places it really shouldn’t go to, Tony pushed the thoughts down. He had to focus.
Tony’s heart was beating even faster now, his hand that was still on Steve's cheek, trembling slightly as he shook his head.
“No, stop!” He pulled his arm away, inhaling sharply at the pain caused by the friction of the fabric. “What are you
“I... Pep…” He looked at her with wide eyes and shook his head. He couldn’t say it. It was stupid. Ridiculous. And Steve was heartbroken over James over whatever it was that had happened between them. Those feelings were stupid.
“You want me to whine how bad my life is?” He asked, his eyes still closed while the man tended to his wounds. Tony had stopped putting ice packs on any of his bruises or wounds long ago because he hated feeling cold. “I don’t know what your endgame is with me and, sir, with all due respect, I don’t care. I just want to go home and protect my brother. Because if I’m not there, Howard will hurt him and he’s just a boy. He can’t take any of this. So, whatever you want me to do, I
“You two have forever to catch up,” Steve reassured them, his hands gripping the wheelchair handles now.
Steve startled, not expecting that. “Um, I, uh,” he began, stammering. Tony regretted putting him on the spot like that but only slightly. He really wanted an answer. “I mean, you’re very attractive, for one, and since you are Rhodes’ roommate I figured you must be a decent guy and I enjoyed our short conversation during the tour the other day.”
it. A few habits of Clint’s irritated him and even occasionally led to them bickering but overall, he didn’t
“Because your job isn’t always easy,” Tony said with a shrug, still holding onto Steve. “I prefer that. What is in our future for us?”
Tony did his best to keep from clutching the phone to his chest and grinning happily. He was a grown man after all and this was only his second date with Steve. He should not have been this affected.
“So what was all of that about with Bucky?” Tony asked when Steve came over to search for a snack with him.
“You sure you don’t need any help?” Steve asked James and Clint. He didn’t want them to say yes because he wanted to stay with Tony but he was torn because he also wanted whatever would produce the best odds of Clint returning. Even Steve could see the difference it made.
“Alright, I’ll be here going over some stuff.” He was well aware that it wasn’t his place to be there and if he was completely honest, he didn’t want to know what was going on. “Come home soon, okay? And try not to punch James.”
“How’s the pain, pet?” The question was of course directed at Tony. It had been a while she figured since he’d last taken a pain tablet. It must hurt.
His low episodes had been getting fewer and farther in between before Thanksgiving and now ever since Bakuto, they were worse than ever. It’s not like James hadn’t expected it, he had just hoped against hope that it wouldn’t happen. For Clint’s sake.
Tony didn’t know how long he had been resting in her arms crying his heart out. There were a lot of pent up emotions that washed over him, overwhelmed him and yet he found comfort in Sarah’s arms. Some time later—Tony wasn’t sure how much time had passed—he noticed how Sarah was still holding him even though he had stopped crying. He wanted to move away, give her space but as if she had read his mind she wrapped her arms tighter around him. Moments later Tony fell asleep, giving in to his exhaustion.
Before he could find some peace in sleep, Tony was forcefully woken by Howard’s yelling about how cold it was in their home, how the store was closed during opening hours and how there was no food. Tony knew Howard was hitting him, he knew it was supposed to hurt, he could hear his brother screaming, he knew he should be doing something but he didn’t know what.
Tony, Sam, and Carol followed the doctor through the doors and down a corridor to a small room where Rhodey was lying in the bed, his eyes closed. He had a few scrapes and bandages but like the doctor said, he looked fine all things considered.
James had one arm wrapped around Clint’s middle, Clint’s back pressed against his chest and his head dropped onto his shoulder as he stared up at the night sky.
“Well, if it was that’s truly terrible because he’s somewhere at the bottom of the Gowanus Canal now,” James said, heading for the living room to circle the location before he went to wash up and start planning with Steve.
“Guess they still need us,” he said after a moment but he still hadn’t moved towards the food. He’d finally found a position that didn’t make everything hurt and no matter how thirsty he was, he wasn’t ready for the pain of walking.
“I swear I won’t tell anyone.” Benni scooted closer and held his pinky finger up to Tony, which he accepted. Afterwards Tony pulled him in for a tight hug and kissed the top of his head.
He held Tony’s face between his hands and pressed another quick kiss to his lips. “I needed that,” he said, touching their foreheads together. He sat back and said, “It’s James. There’s something important he’s not telling me.”
“Yes, thank you.” The man poured James a cup and James as well tapped two fingers to the table, not wanting to disrespect the person from whom he needed information.
After all the planning and going through the details again Tony still didn’t feel a hundred percent ready or sure but that was just who he was. Clint had risked a lot to test the waters. Out of respect for him he would try.
“Nothing to thank me for but you’re, of course, more than welcome,” Steve said, lifting Tony’s hand to his lips and pressing gentle kisses to each of his knuckles.
Tony turned to look at Steve. “Is it over?” he asked carefully. It was a question he didn’t really want to ask but knew he had to if he wanted closure. “Are you going to be okay too?”
James had insisted on getting in bed, asking if it wouldn’t be more comfortable for Clint but he wanted the living room, saying it was his favorite room and he had really missed the fireplace.
“Hey,” Steve said bright and early the next morning, jogging down the hallway to catch Rhodey coming out of the locker room.
Tony chewed his bottom lip nervously, not liking this situation one bit. “Believe me, if I could choose another roommate, I know who I’d choose,” Tony countered, resting his forehead on his knees.
It was an incredibly close angle, mostly he could see shadows cast down on James’ face from the moonlight, reminding him of that first night he’d stayed over at James’ during the snowstorm. James titled his head slightly and the moonlight hit his eyes, making them such a dazzling teal framed by his dark lashes.
“No, Tony,” he said, reaching up, hands in his hair and moving down to hold his face. “In James’ house is where you are safest. My men might think they can come for me but no one’s stupid enough to try James. That’s where I need you. If you’re anywhere else, half of my focus will be worrying about you. If you’re there, I’ll know you’re safe. Please.”
“Which is exactly why I say this one. It’s close but not that close. We have no idea how long they drove for.”
much,” James said and dammit if his voice didn’t break a little. Clint did things to him that no one else had, made him feel things no one else ever could. Of course he would be heartbroken if anything happened to Steve or Dmitri but if anything happened to Clint? “So, so much.”
“We’ll make him a map,” James said, coming back into the room to sit beside Clint, offering him a baked good from the kitchen and then lifting Clint’s left leg to rest and elevate it over his as if it was second nature to him. He intertwined their fingers as he drank his water.
Steve chuckled. “Every single corner. It’s barely even a question at the end—or sometimes the start—of the day if everyone’ll end up at a pub. It’s just a natural thing to do. Get up, go to work, go get a pint o’Guiness at McCreary’s Tavern,” he said, remembering the last time he’d gone—a year ago—and had this exact experience. “If you find an Irishman or woman who doesn’t like to drink, they’re probably not Irish.”
Clint looked at the food and then up at Tony, his heart still racing. He didn’t know what was happening when Tony woke him. Food was a nice surprise but he wasn’t sure he trusted it. No matter how much he joked, he didn’t trust Tony.
“I promise I’ll hurry. You know they will move everything between heaven and earth to get you,” he said, squeezing Clint’s hand. “Sorry if that’s not an English saying. I still mix up Italian with English sometimes.” Why was he feeling so nervous? Was it because he was scared to fail? “Let’s try to sleep.”
“You’re a grown man, I shouldn’t have to force you to eat vegetables, Tony,” Rhodey chided, reaching over to knock the broccoli back into the rest of his food.
Clint nodded. He didn’t have time to hold grudges, especially not against people who would be in his life for the foreseeable future.
“He’s dead, Steve,” Tony said flatly and shrugged. “It’s only a painful memory.” That was a half-lie, considering he still woke up seeing it and thinking he’d find Howard standing behind him. But then he would recognize the surroundings and know that he was we safe. “Last night was amazing.”
Just to make sure that it was real, he looked at the second collection of documents belonging to Benni. He would make good on his promise and take Benni on a nice vacation where he would get to use his new papers as well.
He spoke and Clint frowned, trying to read his lips. He gestured to one of his men who picked up the phone on the desk and dialed a number, waiting for it to connect. The man took the phone and spoke into it but he faced away from Clint so he missed whatever was said.
“He talked to you today?” Tony asked, tapping his phone every three seconds just in case Steve texted him and he had just missed it.
When Tony woke up he found it difficult to move from an unusual weight on his chest. Usually he would move around in his sleep, if he was able to sleep through the night without waking up at least once or twice, but after last night he had been able to sleep through the night and without moving even a little. He rested one hand on Steve’s back, feeling his heartbeat against his palm and the other combed through Steve’s soft blond hair.
“It’s been a while,” Phil observed carefully. Steve seemed incredibly confused. He had never been to Clint’s bar.
Steve nodded and sat up, pulling Tony up with him, holding him in his arms. “So,” Steve began, his voice serious now, “Ma knows, Dugan and James and Dmitri who’s close to James all know. As far as this house goes, you do with me what you like but how will Benni feel?”
“Silence it is,” Clint said, lifting his glass as if to offer a toast. He drank some more and then rested it on his thigh, lifting his other arm to gently drape around Tony’s shoulders. He watched the fire too, listening to the soothing crackle.
“I don’t plan on telling him anything so long as you don’t tell James anything,” Clint said, his thumb moving back and forth across the back of Tony’s hand. “I’ve tried that but I’m a little limited.” He gestured to his leg. “Now I just lie awake. But I do have to keep the blinds open. The total darkness is… awful.”
“Thank you,” Clint said quietly, not wanting to make light of the situation for once but unsure of how to say something more romantic.
Day three was the first day he actually saw someone open the door. Apparently they weren’t just sneaking into his cell and leaving food anymore.
His desk was made of the same dark wood, so dark it was almost black, and topped with a leather inset on top of it that matched the dark grey color of the curtains.
It was just when Tony was debating with himself whether or not he should nap for a bit when Steve gasped and his eyes opened.
,” James said, so accustomed to calling Benni that but Clint knew that word. Natalia used it on him. “Probably at the other end of the hall. There are a couple empty rooms there with their own bathrooms.”
Clint deflated some, trying not to be completely rude and turn away from her but he could have done with a visit from Tony today. That might have been nice. He was still happy to see Sarah though.
Dugan opened the car door and Steve stepped out, straightening his waistcoat and putting on his hat. He looked up at the huge building, eyed a few of James’ men who stood outside smoking and talking.
“Rhodey banned us from the house for a while. We just had an incident with him,” Steve admitted, somewhat sheepishly.
Steve checked his pocket watch, sitting on the side of his bed, fully dressed, bed made, at 5am. He rubbed a hand over his face. He told James he would meet him at the hospital this morning rather than in the evening because neither of them really wanted to finish their day that way and James already had prior business to attend to at the hospital.
Someone left a can of propane for their restaurant in direct sunlight, someone’s delivery van overheated, someone’s baby was in a parked car. The list went on and on. There was no such thing as a restful season for them but some seasons were definitely worse than others.
Clint jerked, startled as the world suddenly went black and then his brain supplied the answers for him. There was something over his face. A mask? A bag? Everything was dark and he was being held by more than one person. They were strong because Clint could barely even squirm in their grasp as he was lifted and carried out.
“So, what?” Steve asked, knowing it was meant for him since Bucky had his headphones on listening to music.
He waited outside until it was almost seven and one of the people at the door approached and asked about his party.
James had cut his meeting with Loki short the moment the phone rang and he realized it was Phil. Phil Coulson had absolutely zero reason to call James’ personal office phone and even less motivation to do so, so James knew it had to have been Clint-related and it had to have been serious if Clint wasn’t the one making the call.
If Steve could have bottled the feeling that was Tony reaching out to touch his face or recorded the sound that he made when Steve stopped kissing him, he would and he would have both on constant repeat when he was away from Tony. His mother was right, this was different from how he had loved James.
Clint finally returns to the bar. James begins planning a trip away for them. They go on a double date.
“France? Wow, that sounds exotic and romantic.” He rested his head on Clint’s shoulder for one second until he remembered that Clint needed to read his lips. “I don’t know. Anywhere would be fine with me, really. I’ve barely left Brooklyn.” He swallowed a few times. Talking was getting a bit more difficult. “I… I really thought I was going to spend the rest of my life with Steve.”
He debated with himself for a good five seconds before he reached out and touched the part of Tony’s head that wasn’t bandaged, just resting his hand there a moment while he spoke. “Sleep. My ma’ll be by a bit later with your brother.”
They hadn’t taken the step towards cohabitation but they very rarely spent their nights alone, especially after long, tiring days at work or particularly hard calls for the firehouse. And it was working. It was working well.
” he finished in Russian. James pardoned himself and… was that a smile on his face? Sarah would find out more later.
“It’s Irish apple pie,” Benni said and pulled his brother closer to the plate. The cake was still warm. “Steve and I made it,” he added and Tony leaned down to place a kiss on top of his head.
“Now we give it an hour in the oven. Would you like an aperitif? I’ll pour the boys and me some.” Tony chuckled when she called them boys and she smiled at him. "That's better, hm?" She pinched his cheek and made Tony smile even wider.
“Give it time,” James told Steve, a hand on his shoulder that moved up to his neck and finally his cheek. He patted it once and then dropped his hand back to his side and into his pocket. Sarah watched him as she entered, saw that the hand was in a fist.
. Then you’ll have to recreate this moment and make it even more romantic or I’ll never forgive you.”
“Last I checked, not getting a good friend a wedding present is a sign you’re a bad friend,” Steve said kindly, still not sure exactly how Pepper felt about him. He rested his hand on Tony’s back, his fingers scratching lightly to ease whatever was currently troubling his mind. “You and I may not be
If someone had told Tony that kisses could say more than words, he wouldn’t have believed it. Until Steve kissed him. It was difficult to focus on words once Steve stopped. The sudden loss of Steve’s lips and tongue was awful, making him whine ever so slightly.
Dmitri was the one who answered the phone, Steve and James both visibly tensing as the color drained from Dmitri’s face and he held out the phone.
Steve watched Tony and chuckled, catching his eye, a smirk on his face. Steve went to stand right beside him, not to make matters worse, but because he’d spent too long not able to decide how close he was going to be to Tony. Now that freedom to be as close to him as he wanted was his and he was going to take advantage.
He kept waiting for James to hush him or tell him to get it together or even to get up and leave Clint on the couch but it never happened. A part of him also knew it wouldn’t. It knew James wouldn’t treat him that way. He wouldn’t see this as Clint being weak or as him being unable to ‘deal with the harsh reality of the real world,’ as his father had told him on many occasions as a child.
Dugan sighed. He had fragments of ideas that could answer that but in the end he didn’t have the whole picture. Few people rarely knew what was going on in Steve’s mind. “Unfortunately, lad, I don’t know everything. If you want answers from Steve Rogers, you have to
James laughed and then sighed dramatically as he rested his head against Clint’s chest and Clint wrapped his arms around him instead.
Steve was leaning back in his chair, arms in the usual position, one across his chest while the other came up to tap his chin, his eyes fixed on the food for once instead of Tony.
Steve popped the button on Tony’s pants and tugged them down, easily lifting his legs to completely discard them onto the floor and then he leaned down and planted more kisses on the inside of Tony’s thighs, the skin there burning hot and Tony writhed under Steve’s touch. He held a thigh in each hand, squeezing, his fingers digging in but he released a little when he thought about what he was doing. Perhaps rough sex wasn’t for someone just getting away from years of physical abuse.
“Wilson, Barton, you guys free?” Lieutenant Rhodes called over his radio, watching the house go up in flames.
“They don’t work together but they have been friends since they were wee babbies and remained that way.” She rolled up her sleeves and started washing the dishes and handed them to Tony slowly for him to dry and stack next to him on a clean towel. “James is head of the Russian mob,” Sarah said casually and Tony almost dropped the plate she gave him.
Clint had his arms wrapped around Tony tightly, holding himself securely. The moment the gun shot had popped off, Tony had woken and tapped Clint’s shoulder to let him know something was happening.
“You know me, always gotta be the best at everything,” Tony joked weakly, mussing his hair one last time before attempting to style it.
Steve kissed him, grinning into the kiss, his hand placed firmly on the small of Tony’s back as he pulled him in. “How’s that?” He kissed him again. “Or that?”
“Alright. I’m just gonna close my eyes until they bring food. If you decide to kill me, do me a favor and don’t wake me up first.”
Steve turned to him and pressed a kiss to his temple, lingering for a moment. He hoped like hell that Clint could help, that he would stay. All he wanted was for Tony to feel better.
He shrugged out of his jacket and hung it up, heading upstairs to change and then coming back down to find Tony. He wanted to see his mother and Benni, but really he just wanted to carry Tony to bed and hold him in his arms where he knew he was safe and no one could touch him.
Benni got up, walked right up to them, and they left, Tony explaining to Benni why they were going to stay with James.
Tony finished brushing his teeth, which gave him a few extra seconds to answer Steve. Not that he didn’t know what he wanted to say but when it came right down to it, he was still not sure about speaking his mind openly.
“This is different. It feels different from… what happened before.” Tony barely managed to say the words out loud. It wasn’t like he didn’t know that being with Steve was going to involve a lot of worrying. “Are we… are we going to be okay?”
“I don’t know. I just woke up too,” Tony answered, finally letting go of Clint’s hand so he could focus on Steve. He combed through Steve’s hair with his now free hand. “Sarah and Benni are making lunch.”
Steve smiled wide, catching his lips again. “We will stick to it. I gave ya my word. That means somethin’ to me.” He pulled Tony in for one more hug and then let him go. “Well, I had some work things to do this mornin’, didn’t have time to sit down for a proper chat. I’ll talk to her after dinner and then we can have our time.”
The moment the van was back on normal road, Clint had no clue where he was and neither did anyone else but his captors.
James gave him the details and waited until he was told it worked at which time he immediately hung up and looked up into the wide eyes of his absolute favorite person.
The sudden change in Steve startled Tony. More than that he worried because Steve not only didn't go for seconds but he didn’t even finish his first portion of food. It took a lot not to get up and run after Steve and ask him what the matter was. He knew what it was. Not all of it but more than enough to know it wasn’t his place.
“There’s some more on the cooker in the kitchen for you, Steven,” she told him, making it very clear that he would have to get his own food. She was not running a hotel. He nodded and left out, figuring Tony might need a second to adjust anyway and Sarah had a gentler approach than he did.
Steve let out a deep sigh. “It wouldn’t, uh, it wouldn’t ruin this if you thought tonight was boring, you know? I’d rather you be honest with me than spare my feelings.”
“Good morning, love,” Steve said softly, pressing his lips repeatedly into Tony’s hair and hugging him tight. He exhaled and released him enough to see his face.
“So,” Pinky interrupted, curious, and Steve was just the tiniest bit unaccustomed to people just speaking out of turn around him. James did it, of course, as did Clint but this felt different and he almost glared into the rearview mirror before remembering. “This is your new brother?”
“How much did you have to drink?” he asked plainly. “If I have to deliver the food, you’ll need to look after Benni.” Howard shoved Tony against the wall, making sure that his head hit it forcefully enough to hurt.
Steve watched, his expression pained. His mind kept going to Tony, wondering where he was in all of this and if he was alright. He wondered if he would get a phone call next but for now he watched how hurt James looked and sounded.
Tony sipped his coffee while Bruce made a face at him and went back to the office where he was working on the circuitry of individual car parts for a total restoration they were doing.
Tony rested his hands on top of Steve’s, looking into those blue eyes of his. “I see,” he said and kissed the tip of Steve’s nose. “He’ll tell you sooner or later. Or did you do something he might think was dramatic?”
“They had to reset your leg. Your tibia was fractured and had started to heal incorrectly. They checked your ribs as well.”
Sarah leaned up to look. “That’s the spittin’ image of him! Well done, pet.” Benni beamed up at them, proud of his work.
Dugan and Dmitri had collected most of the papers strewn across the floor just in case anything there would be of help to them. Seeing as there was nothing else to be found, they left. James and Steve didn’t want to stay there any longer. They had been
“You good?” Rhodey asked, leaning against the doorframe to Tony’s bedroom. He had been watching him struggle for the last minute, wondering when he would notice him. Apparently the answer was never.
Clint blushed again, hearing aids in, as James repeated himself. “It’s just that… I’m not what you signed up for. Not right now. It's true, you can’t deny that.”
After they had placed their orders and she had gone, Tony lowered his menu and waited patiently for Steve’s response.
What did Tony ever do to deserve this? To deserve this kindness? And why did he have to wait and suffer so much?
she said, glancing up at the clock. They’d brought Steve in that morning around ten. It was almost two in the afternoon now. James would be back with Benni soon.
Steve watched his mother, familiar with her expressions and mannerisms. Dinner went off without a hitch and afterwards, as he helped clear the table he turned to her.
“Keeping things interesting enough for me to stick around,” Tony said and buttoned his jacket. He would be doing this job then. By Steve’s side? For him and with him. It seemed exciting.
“How can I—” Steve began, turning when he heard footsteps to see Tony passing by, his hands bloodied. “Tony, what the—Clint, I—”
Steve nodded thoughtfully. “You don’t. Stay with me. Benni’s happy, no point in uprooting the wee lad again. I can send some fellas to get your things.” He leaned back, arms crossed over his chest, watching Tony’s expression and trying not to think about himself saying
“So, handsome man, what had you glaring French daggers through the phone?” Clint wondered, James’ hands falling away from Clint’s wrists to rest on his thighs. Clint’s hands moved to James’ shoulders, massaging lightly and James closed his eyes, instantly relaxed under those strong hands.
“I can tell Tony these things. I know I can but I never would. He has a tendency to hold on to them and I can see it in his behavior and how often he… disconnects from what’s going on around him. He just keeps thinking about it and I know it hurts him more than it helps,” Steve explained. And that wasn’t to say that he wouldn’t tell Tony but not every thought and feeling that passed through him needed to be voiced aloud; he knew that, for the most part, they were irrational. “All that being said, I think you should tell Clint. All of it.”
“I’m okay. Being with Clint helps. We’ve spent a lot of time together in an awfully small space with zero privacy.” Those were things Steve already knew but it was better to start somewhere obvious than not at all, right?
“Queens. I don’t know where. Just Queens. He mentioned it once,” Loki confessed. He was slowly realizing that perhaps his political aspirations were not that important if he wouldn’t even survive long enough to finish a term as mayor.
Tony pushed the doors open with his back, his hands full with the donuts and other pastries he’d picked up from the bakery on his way over. He certainly didn’t want to come empty-handed plus Rhodey was less likely to hit him if he was carrying something.
Falsworth went five shades paler. James walked towards him slowly, his eyes cold and expression murderous, literally. “You have something that belongs to me and you hurt
“Listen,” he began, having a slightly altered perspective on Steve and Tony together now that he had almost lost Steve. He figured he might as well help where he could. “There are three stages of Steve being drunk or under the influence of drugs,” he explained, knowing these details intimately. “Funny Steve, Dirty Steve and Sad Steve. It’s why he normally has one or two glasses of whiskey and rarely more if you’ve noticed. He knows how he is. He probably did
“Tony,” he said, half-sighing, half-disbelieving, “if I didn’t want to be ‘bothered’ by you lot—your words, not mine—I wouldn't have brought you into my home,” he said. “Of
“I’m sorry,” he said sincerely. “I just saw what happened to that Allen boy and then to the Potts kid and I couldn’t bring myself to tell anyone else but James after that.”
By the time they were calling it a night, James was coming back home and came in to find them. Tony was taking a few shots when he came in, having changed to shooting the human-shaped target. Tony had managed a few good abdominal shots, places that would do a lot of damage but so far no kill shots.
“Sounds nice. Really worked up an appetite,” Steve said and then, as if on cue, his stomach growled and he chuckled softly, running his hand through Tony’s hair as he spoke. “And yes, business is all done. Dammit. I forgot the strawberries. Do you still need them?” He had been so excited about finding the perfect ring that strawberries had been completely knocked off the to-do list.
“I like you too, Steve,” he said. “And if you wanted to go on a third date with me I might even say yes.” A joke came anyway but it was a lot more sincere than anything he’d normally offer up to people who weren’t Rhodey or Pepper.
“That’s… a very interesting way to have your first kiss,” he chuckled and made himself comfortable again. “I’m surprised he didn’t accidentally stab you.”
Seeing Steve blush was one the best things he had ever seen. He made sure to memorize just how deep red the color on his cheeks was and how warm they felt. “I’m yours. All yours and only yours,” he whispered between kisses on Steve’s hot skin.
“Why can’t I come with you on vacation?” Benni asked after a very intense play session with the dog. They were both on the floor near the fireplace, watching the flames.
James nodded, wondering how this relationship—or whatever it was—had gone on for so long without Tony knowing Steve’s first name. “Yes, him.”
Clint reached out and grabbed Tony’s hand again. He squeezed it tightly and then relaxed. “Yes. I’ll survive. You get out there and you bring back our scary fellas, okay?” Clint was terrified but hiding it under a gentle smile and a joke like he always did. No matter how scared he was, though, he knew he wouldn’t be able to live with himself or look Steve, Sarah, or Tony’s little brother in the eye if they switched roles.
“Well,” James said, turning a smile towards Clint that was incredibly contagious and now Clint was grinning back like a crazy person. A crazy person head over heels in love. “Now that you mention it, I guess I’ll just have to keep you warm, won’t I? Maybe a blanket, some snuggling. But I don’t know. Does that sound too horrible?”
But not for Bakuto. In fact, they were his target demographic. Young girls he brought over to America only to sell them like cattle and never look back. Too often James’ men brought back reports of young girls no older than fifteen being forced onto street corners to earn their keep. Other times, his men would report bodies found left in alleyways, dumpsters, and every other conceivable place and all the girls always fit Bakuto’s usual type selection. James and Steve found it despicable.
“You’re screwing with me. You did not just eat and then walk him home, Steve. That guy practically radiates ‘good in bed’ and seemed to really like you.”
It occurred to him then that he had a lot of quiet people in his life and he wondered if that was why he usually slipped into an easy flow of words and stories. James, Natalia, Dmitri—unless you got him talking about something he really loved—and even Phil was a man of few words.
“Of course I want to be with him. He’s given me every chance to start over anywhere I want to.” He looked at her, confused and worried about where this was coming from. “I don’t want to be anywhere else or be with anyone else.”
Steve turned to Tony, saw the obvious discomfort and removed his hand, not entirely sure what had come over him to behave like that not only in front of guests, but his mother. Maybe he should’ve given Tony what he wanted the other day, saved himself from wanting it so badly now. He cleared his throat and ate the serving Tony had given him.
Steve nodded along, not talking much though Steve rarely did so this wasn’t anything out of the ordinary. When he had finished as much food as he could manage in his churning, anxious stomach, he pushed it away and turned his full attention on Tony.
“So were you never going to tell us or did it somehow slip your mind? You know, I’m just curious is all,” Sam said, teasing him and Steve grinned.
“Well, if he steals Lucky, I will be heartbroken but then I’ll visit more and maybe James will let me adopt more dogs too,” Clint said, his hand on his chin as he pondered the pros and cons. “Biologically, just one. An older brother. But I think of Natalia as my family. And honestly Dmitri too. I’ve known him almost… wow, almost eight years, I think.” To think that he had been that close to James all this time was insane and a little sad but he had him now and that was all that mattered.
Clint turned fully and wrapped his arms around James, kissing him. It started as just a chaste kiss and then Clint lingered. He didn’t intensify it and neither did James; they just kissed, slowly, lovingly, and it made Clint feel better.
“No need to worry about that.” Tony lowered his voice even though no one else was there to overhear their conversation. “Steve sleeps like a rock and the others don’t hear me, so you will be fine.” He walked to the kitchen quickly, happy to have a reason to get away because he wasn’t used to talking to anyone about this ever.
“Boy, you know me so well,” Tony scoffed and pushed the scrambled eggs around his plate. He considered not going back to the topic from before, testing which of them was more stubborn but decided against it. “I feel much older.”
He smiled at the idea of a skinny Steve. He’d seen the pictures but it was still difficult to believe. “I like being curled up,” he mumbled. A tight space he could control.
Clint’s good eye went to Tony the moment he registered movement, took in his words, but he couldn’t respond just yet to any of it. He eyed the food and water, the severity of the situation seeming to only just now sink in.
this is far from the end but thank you so much to all those of you who read, regularly comment and especially to those who have been reading since we posted chapter 1. You know who you are and we are so appreciative of people like you! <3
“There’s money missing from these two stores.” Tony pointed to the accounts in question. “Around five hundred dollars from what I have found so far.” He kept his focus on Steve. He was the boss after all and he was answering to him at that moment.
“Thank you,” Clint said softly. It was far from over. He knew the thoughts would come back to plague him the next time he was brushing his teeth and staring at himself in the mirror, particularly if James with his perfectly sculpted body stood beside him. But he could also tell that James was far from done convincing him otherwise.
“Are either of you ever going to let me live that down?” She laughed and shook her head but grabbed his hand.
“Right,” Tony said out of the blue. “When is Sarah’s birthday?” He wanted to get her an Italian coffee machine with the best beans possible. Which also required money. Of which he had only so much from when Sarah gave him some when he was going out with Pepper or buying things with Benni on his own. Not that he needed money, considering he didn’t have any expenses.
Benni took great delight in having to help his brother cut the meat for him, teasing him in Italian because he could. Tony didn’t react to the teasing and just thanked him for helping. It was too difficult to eat with the fork in his left hand. Seeing how quiet and neat the others ate, Tony wondered if they would mind. When everyone was still alive and well, there was always a lot of talking and laughter at the table, even if Howard disapproved. Maria loved to hear everything their kids wanted to share with her. It felt nice to be around others again and see his little brother behaving quite well too. Tony had to hold himself back from eating too fast. He felt like he was starving, probably looked like that too. The food was so delicious that he could have eaten everything on the table there and then.
Clint shrugged. He inhaled deeply and then banged on the door. Honestly, they couldn’t have thought so little of them to not even guard them at night, right? And then Clint thought about it from their point of view: a deaf, broke bar owner and a, well, for lack of a better term, kid. He could see how they might assume James and Steve were the only fighters in the relationships.
Only moments after he started reading the second chapter of this new book, Tony noticed that Benni was fast asleep already. He shifted the little body so he would be more comfortable and rested a hand over his stomach while watching him sleep for a while. Even in his sleep his little brother was now smiling and it was truly the best thing Tony had ever seen.
Steve made an angry noise and said firmly, “I wasn’t about to let that happen.” It disgusted him and it hurt him to think back to the dread he’d felt sprinting down those freezing blocks wondering if Tony was still going to be alive by the time he got there. “He’ll never lay another hand on you. Or anyone else for that matter.”
He grabbed his hat and as soon as he stood, Dugan and Jones were standing too. He met eyes with Pepper and gave her a courteous nod and then Tony. Those beautiful brown eyes he saw every time he closed his eyes. The ones James had hoped to give him the other night but they just weren’t right. Those eyes that continued to shine despite the hardship he was enduring.
“Aw, pet. Don’t cry,” she consoled him, taking his hand. James watched on quietly, standing on the other side, his hand a comforting weight on Clint’s shoulder. “There’s plenty of me to go around. I’m gonna head back and see Tony but I’ll drift between the rooms, alright?”
“Let him be,” Sarah told him sternly and Steve dropped his head, feeling a little ashamed. She put potatoes on his plate, some duck, and some asparagus and then did the same for Benni but a third of the portion she gave to Steve.
“Yes but his hair is black and I used up my black crayon drawing night time,” he said in the most adult way those words could be said and held up the drawing in question. It was a starry night sky with lots of planets too but mostly sky and some stars, some shooting some just twinkling. And then he pulled the focus back to his current picture, “So yeah, Jones has no hair and he’s smoking ‘cus he always smoking and then Falsworth with the pointy nose and the fancy hair.” Steve chuckled.
In an attempt to hide his watery eyes, he rested his head on his knees again and tried to take calming breaths. Then he remembered that Clint couldn’t hear, so he allowed himself to take those shaky breaths that seemed to be stuck inside of him and needed to be released.
“Clint seems to bring him peace that nothing else has yet,” Sarah said, her eyes darting to her son who looked away.
Howard didn’t say anything else, just threw a chair across the room, nearly hitting Tony, and left the kitchen. Tony tried his hardest not to faint and got up slowly to hold his arm under cold water. It took a long time before he felt some relief to the throbbing pain but he refused to cry.
Benni was running down the street like his brother told him to, going as fast as his little legs would carry him. The air was cold and hurt his lungs and when he reached up to push his hair out of his face, he ran into a big man and almost hit the ground if it hadn’t been for the fact that the guy grabbed him.
Natalia had let James know before that Clint was not a materialistic guy. He enjoyed being spoiled by James because it was fun and he knew that it was James’ way of showing his love and affection, but he could also very easily do without it if ever James were to lose his money. Clint had told Natalia this himself.
Steve was making his way over already to inspect the back of Tony’s head and be sure he was alright. Once he was sure the least of his worries would be a headache, he tilted Tony’s head up and kissed him.
Tony sighed and moved to lie down next to Steve, trying to take up as little space as possible. “Check in with me every day?”
Tony chuckled softly and then it turned into a genuine laugh. “Who said I wanted to learn how to drive it? Maybe I just want to have it and look at it.”
He couldn’t focus on it, though, and quickly found himself instead leaning back in his chair, trying to daydream about France but he couldn’t do that either. Not while Clint was at home battling inner demons James couldn’t touch. It made him furious, antsy, and he needed an outlet.
Someone brought coffee for the three of them and that was it for the longest time in Tony’s life. In the back of his mind he knew no one would be there when Benni got home. Someone at the office would probably take care of him. Hopefully the boy wouldn’t get into trouble or feel bad.
He spotted him across the room talking to a few people at a booth. There was a wide grin on his face, his eyes little half-moons as he laughed. James could just make out Carol Danvers’ face among the group and he smiled watching him, the whole thing bringing him back to that night so many months ago when he’d shown up to tell Clint he loved him.
The two of them headed to the basement and Clint hobbled into the living room to find Tony, hitting the top of his crutch against the doorframe as a means of knocking.
Steve hopped gracefully over the ropes and landed on the ground, coming towards Tony. Dugan left and took Falsworth with him, leaving the gym empty besides the two of them. Steve looked him over, this time not hesitating to touch him but with extremely gentle fingers, avoiding his arm in its entirety.
“Be civil, you two. Fightin’s fine but I draw the line at wasting my cookin’,” Sarah warned them. Not another piece of food was used as a weapon that night.
James and Clint had spent the afternoon cuddled up together on the couch, Clint in his arms and Lucky curled into a tight ball at their feet, asleep.
Despite being a little embarrassed to have just made out with James in front of the others, all he could really focus on was this good mood. Even if it was alcohol induced.
Tony had his eyes closed while he listened to Steve’s heart and it took some effort for him to answer, though he did not move to look at him.
It was early, very early. Benni and Sarah had gotten up to say goodbye to them and chat while Steve and Tony gathered their things and brought them downstairs. Now they were in the car on their way to Manhattan Cruise Terminal to catch their ship.
He helped James help Clint out of bed, gave him the crutches, and walked in front of them on the way down. Once they were in the kitchen, Tony went straight over to pour them coffee and get started on eggs and bacon.
“I’m almost tempted to wake Sam,” Bucky continued, “just to tell him but he would probably stab me if I tried.”
Rhodey dragged a hand down his face and started walking, Tony following beside him out to the front drive and away from his workmates. “No. He’s not gay. Tony, man, please, just… don’t make my work life awkward.”
Tony thanked him silently and took the glass to take a small sip. His throat felt dry from the startle but the warm drink helped. “No, thank you. It’s loud enough in my head as it is.” He handed Clint the glass back and scooted closer, turning his eyes back to the small flames.
“Start the meeting,” he said forcefully. Dmitri pulled his chair out for him and he sat, looking at the papers Dmitri then handed him.
Steve climbed back into the truck and shut the door, sticking his arm out and slapping the side of it twice to signal for Natasha to drive.
“She insisted on coming to see you,” Nat told him with a soft smile, stroking her daughters’ hair. She checked her watch. “Gotta go, we’re meeting Oko for lunch. Don’t work too hard. It is your day off, you know, Cap.”
James buys Clint a gift. There’s an incident at the bar. Clint and Natalia spend some needed time together.
They took their usual seats, said grace and began to eat. It was delicious and exactly what was needed in February. Steve had his usual ‘more than the average human’ helpings and James and Sarah teased him for it the entire time, although James ate just as much as Steve.
“You do?” Benni nodded vigorously. “That’s a good lad.” Steve ruffled his hair and then pulled him close to press a kiss to his head. “Proud’a ya.”
“Really? People want your crack-cocaine when my pure heroin is out there?” Madam Gao asked, a mocking note to her voice.
“Figured since the boyo’s not bringing you sandwiches anymore I might take his place every now and then.” She looked around. “Where is he?”
. How he wanted to see his mother and sister again. While he still missed them dearly and would give a lot to see them again, Tony also knew that he was lucky and forever grateful to be where he was now.
“He does work overtime often but he’s usually in his office. You have his number though. Just text him and ask him.” Rhodey watched Tony’s expression, factoring in every little nuance.
He leaned back again, not touching his sandwich. “Hm, alright. I’ll see you next Thursday then. Keep the number. You may go,” he told him, his scowl never leaving.
Still holding his brother close he looked over at Steve. Was he the reason why he ended up in bed? There was no way Sarah could have carried him, right? Thinking about it made his heart beat fast
Even though he had been able to fall asleep easily, Tony had woken up quite a few times during the night which dampened his good mood just the tiniest bit. Luckily someone had invented coffee and that would help keep him up.
James snorted, shaking his head fondly. “You’re a mess.” Clint grinned and James kissed him smack on the mouth. “My mess.”
Tony laughed, moving over to the bed to try and choose between one of the three outfits he had laid out on top. One definitely said ‘I’m here to get railed’, while the second one was a tad bit more conservative, and the third was a wildcard. It was nice, it accentuated everything, but Tony wasn’t sure exactly what message it was sending.
The door opened and Phil Coulson smiled back at James. That is, until his eyes fell on the six-foot-two block of muscles that was Steve Rogers.
Tony nearly choked on a vegetable but managed not to go into a coughing fit and took a sip from his water. “Never got to try it.” He felt quite ashamed at that.
“You know I’m not fond of loose ends or half-assed work,” Steve said, his voice dangerously low. He would never hurt Dugan, he couldn’t imagine it, but friends or not, Dugan worked for him and he needed to do his job right.
James got up and went over to the couch, sitting down beside Steve and putting a hand on his shoulder. Steve leaned into him, closing his eyes. James pressed a quick kiss to the side of Steve’s head, giving him a squeeze, and then letting go.
“He had a lick of Falsworth’s coffee and figured drinking any more of it was a worse fate than braving that deli.” She chuckled. “He and Falsworth went to get some things.” She hummed.
Steve relaxed slightly and nodded at her, handing his hat to Dugan who already had his hand outstretched for it. Dugan and Dmitri fell back to stand along the back wall by the door, the only way in or out, and chatted quietly. Steve made his way over to James.
remembered the night, but he didn’t remember falling asleep. When he woke up, James was lying beside him, an arm curled around him protectively like it always was, and Clint’s leg elevated carefully on a special pillow. His ribs were pretty much healed already.
“Not this time,” James said, turning to him slowly. He saw the sigh of relief leave his body. “But if anything happens, that will change.”
Tony did as he was told, he found that helped when people were angry. And if there was one person he shouldn’t anger it was the man sitting in front of him.
“Well, allow me to alleviate your uncertainty. I had a fantastic time too, Captain.” He smirked, tilting his head to the side and Steve smiled.
,” James cooed, grabbing his hands and pulling him up easily. He supported his weight over to the table instead of bothering with the crutches, kissing his cheek.
Instead there was Steve’s voice in his head telling him he loved Tony, how much he missed him and how he would hold Tony in his arms again as soon as he could.
Dmitri said when he caught James looking into one of the bags with a frown. James looked up and gave him a small smile.
“Yeah, but you made me ride the cyclone and you knew I didn’t want to. Plus I’d just eaten about four hot dogs. That was bad judgment on your part.”
James rolled over onto his face for the fiftieth time in two hours. He hadn’t been able to manage even five minutes of sleep and yet when he thought about going downstairs and conversing, his body felt heavy and his mind felt worn out.
“So, while your friends dig into the baked goodness, wanna finally give me a tour? It’s only been six years,” Tony said, trying not to smirk but the harder Rhodey glared, the more tempting it was.
“Tony?” Steve said, sounding a little frantic as he came around the corner and stopped in his tracks. He brushed his hair away from his face and closed his robe a little tighter as soon as he noticed Clint. His gaze fell on the way Clint had his arm around Tony and how Tony was leaning into him and Steve was hit with all kinds of conflicting emotions, the loudest of them being relief and jealousy. “Everything alright? What are you two doing up?”
“You know… if you make me wake your mother, that’s on you.” It was an embarrassing idea and that was exactly why he didn't want it to happen.
Tony furrowed his brows and looked out of the window next to him, thinking about his words. “There is nothing I can offer or give.”
“No, but if we act on this and they catch wind of it and move them again then we’re right back at square one,” Steve said.
“They’re all gonna be me. So you better not hope for anyone else, mister.” He smiled and leaned in to kiss his lips softly.
“Hey, Benni,” Clint replied, looking down at Lucky who perked up at the arrival of someone new and someone small. Lucky lifted one ear and then sat up, looking at Clint who patted his head.
When he heard his name he stopped immediately, his gaze dropping to the floor as he tried to think of a response. “A klutz,” he answered, not looking at him, fearing that his face would give away what he was feeling and thinking. “Fell down the stairs the other day. And yesterday I ran into... a door handle.” Towards the end of his sentence he raised his voice like it was a question. He didn’t do it on purpose and didn’t realize that he was doing it either.
tired. It hadn’t been a particularly long day but it was amazing how exhausting worry could be and James had been worrying about Clint all day, all week really, but he was glad to see that Natalia seemed to have improved his mood by quite a lot. Clint looked… refreshed.
“Four o’clock? Why don’t we just talk about this right now. I can be there in thirty minutes. It’s been long—”
Later in the day, with Maria and Natalia full of the knowledge of the ins and outs of the mansion and on their way back home, James and Clint reclined on the couch.
“That sounds like a lie.” James took a left and Clint knew they were only ten minutes from home. “What’s going on? You don’t actually want to stay?”
Meanwhile he thought back to earlier. Did he cost the other accountant his life? Though it was hardly his fault. No one had forced him to steal the money, to lie, to do any of it. And whatever had happened to him was the consequence of what he had done. Why wasn’t Tony bothered by what had happened in front of him? Clearly the others were angry. But it wasn’t directed at him. He was just a bystander. And it was Steve. He knew he could trust him. He looked at the empty chair where Steve had been sitting, moved to run his hand over the leather. This was where he spent a lot of his time. This was what he saw most of the time and now it would be what Tony would see too. And a whole lot more of Steve with that.
“What the actual hell is going on in my firehouse? Why are you all yelling like children?” Chief Fury yelled over them all, obviously not seeing the irony in that.
, made by an old friend of my mother’s. It’s sort of an aperitif, though some drink it as digestive. Others use it for medicinal purposes,” Tony answered and watched them open a bottle of each and try some of it. They seemed to like it and asked Tony if they could take the bottles with them. Tony didn’t mind and packed the rest of the cheese in clean cloths that were there to transport it. There was more down there than he remembered. Not that he tried to remember.
Tony scoffed and shook his head. “I see. And what happens to anyone who sees or knows?” He thought about his question for a second. “I always liked books. Mom used to read me a lot. We used to go to the library all the time.”
Tony stopped and looked over his shoulder at Steve, considering what to say. “I’m not sure it’s anything.” Steve gave him a very stern look meaning he wanted to know. “There’s money missing. It’s little by little, here and there. It’s always the same amount, though it’s several accounts, I think. Or whatever it is the left column says.”
“You got a place in mind?” Steve asked, sliding into his car, Jones holding open the door on his side and Vitaly holding open the other on James’ side.
“I, uh… yeah,” Clint said, looking over at him, moving aside the apples he had already chopped and grabbing a new one. “And James doesn’t nap. Steve seem off?”
Tony had to honestly go through what he was feeling. The pain was nothing he couldn’t handle, even though he was sure his left arm was broken by the way it was bandaged. It would heal. When she mentioned food, he hummed.
Clint was telling the story of how he met Natalia when their last meal was delivered and again they ate in companionable silence and then, now that it was too dark for conversation, they simply waited until they assumed it was about midnight.
Steve just looked at him like he always did, silent, his face blank. He dragged a hand down his face, breathing out loudly through his nose. He stood and moved back around to the other side of the desk and opened a drawer. Not the one he’d opened a few days back, a lower drawer. He pulled out a piece of paper and wrote something down, sliding it into an envelope and sealing it. It was addressed to Howard.
He and Steve had been even more on edge the last day after receiving a package from Bakuto yesterday. They had sent a dummy file to placate him while they searched for wherever he was holding Clint and Tony.
“Come again?” James said, changing out of his button-up shirt in exchange for a more comfortable pullover.
“Yes, yes, I am. I don’t think you realize you can’t fight off your emotions with a knife although I’m sure you tried.”
The waitress returned with their wine before Steve had a chance to respond and he was grateful to get a moment to gather his thoughts and figure out what he wanted to say. He always hated this part of dates, especially first dates. He also hated his track record with this part—most people, he had learned, were so enamored with the idea of dating a hot firefighter that they tended to forget a person and personality existed as well. His job was important to him but there was more to him than that and that part was usually where he tended to lose people’s interest.
Tony hummed, not knowing if he’d be able to speak. It was too good to be true. “You?” He mumbled, still hiding his face.
Tony got up and stumbled to the closest corner and sat down there with his back against the wall as he tried to catch his breath. From far away he could hear Benni but he couldn’t focus on the words, no matter how much he wanted to.
It was nearing the two week mark of having them back that James and Steve decided to meet in person to talk about what they could do for them going forward. They had always worked best together to solve issues and figured that if Tony and Clint were going to get the best help they could receive, Steve and James would need to put their heads together and figure out exactly what that was.
Sarah asked Clint a few questions about his recovery and he told her he had at least another two months before he could walk without help, even longer if he wanted to be as safe as possible, which was what James wanted.
“When you say it like that, I almost don’t want to talk about them,” Clint said, a small smile on his lips but he was serious. It hurt to hear Tony say ‘just me’. “I have a few, sure, but I also own a bar. Making friends is kind of my business. Speaking of, though, once you’re venturing outside again, a good friend of mine does own a diner I’d like to take you to. Best burgers in all of New York City, I swear.”
He missed Steve more than he thought was possible. Not being with him left him feeling hollow and empty. What if he never got to see him again? What if this was it? What if Steve didn’t find the dog tags? What if they decided to kill Tony? What if he never got to see Sarah or Benni ever again? There was also Dugan, Jones, and Pepper. James and Dmitri, too. There were so many people in his life he wanted to see again.
He was in a fantastic mood. He’d slept long and deep, was woken up by Tony to come down to quite the spread and now he was comfortable and slowly filling his empty stomach.
Steve thought with a smile, reaching into his suit pocket where he kept his own snack. He pulled out a tiny packet of Whoppers Malted Milk Balls and handed four of them to Benni. “You get extra today because math is pretty hard.”
Thankfully his door at the end of the hall was open so he pushed it open with his back and then shut it behind him, locking it, holding Tony to him.
He picked up the papers with shaky hands, bringing it to his face and removing a pair of glasses from his pocket. He looked over the page and each time he switched to a new one his breathing picked up.
“It’s okay,” Tony hummed. “They’re going to find us.” He was well aware that Clint couldn’t hear him but maybe he would be able to feel that Tony was saying something and he would realize that those words were meant to comfort him at least a little.
?!” she nearly screeched into the phone. “Okay, okay,” she said and James knew she was crying. “We’re coming.”
Steve looked up at the way Tony said his name, the unusual tone catching his attention and he wished he could see those eyes but turning on the light would take away the freedom the dark gave him. Or at least, the freedom he felt he had to just relax and speak openly. “Well, I still hope you got more than four hours tonight.” Against his will, he yawned and it was so deep it made his eyes water. “You know I sleep,” he said, remembering Tony coming to wake him at noon. “Sometimes more ‘an I oughtta, just not today.”
“No, but I really hoped you would,” he said against his ear, biting his earlobe and moving down his neck.
“I can’t take it, Steve,” James said, crossing his arms to stop his hands from shaking as he paced in the kitchen. “I can’t take the thought of anyone hurting him. Hurting
James peeked around the corner and saw that once again the bedroom door was left slightly ajar and the room was dark. He pushed it open gently only to find it empty, Dmitri standing behind him looking over his shoulder into the empty room.
Howard seemed nervous. Good, as he should be. Steve didn’t know much about the man but his reputation for his explosive temper and drinking habits had not escaped being whispered throughout the community and all whispers eventually made it back to Steve.
James was worried, honestly. Some days Clint seemed to be getting better—cracking jokes and teasing them—and others, worse—silent, kept himself away from everyone. He hadn’t opened up about what they’d been through but James knew he had to give him time, he couldn’t force it out of him. Clint would open up when he was ready, like when he had told James more about his home life and the war. Clint Barton was not a man who shared his deep thoughts and emotions readily.
Steve explained to her what had happened and she listened objectively, nodding her head as he spoke.
Her hair was shorter now, just to her shoulders. It suited her really well. And even though he saw her often it didn’t feel like nearly often enough and Natalia seemed to feel the same way if her frequency at the bar and Clint and James’ home lately was anything to go by.
“That he knows of,” Steve added, because Steve was certain he would still be conducting himself in the same manner had Bakuto taken his ma or Benni. Even Dugan. And James would raise hell if Dmitri were taken. Or Natalia, it seemed.
In all truthfulness, Steve had worried about the boxing thing but he’d checked on Tony just to see him. Just to know with certainty that he was still here. “I know you’re not helpless but my reputation aside, James was right when he said I care about you. About you all,” he added hastily. Steve swallowed hard. Why did those words scare him so much, all out in the open for Tony to hear like that? James had said them; what difference did it make now that he repeated them?
“The food was really good,” Tony said as he washed the dishes and smiled at James. He looked different. Or was it only the way Tony saw him now that he was with Steve? Whatever it was, James seemed different. “I’m guessing there won’t be anything to do at the office for me. Anything I can help you around with?”
“That one right over there,” Pinky said, pointing to the dark blue car. “A Ford Prefect, as promised, customized quite nicely if I do say so myself.” He led them over to the car, grabbing the keys out of his waistcoat pocket and handing them to Steve. “Nice leather interior with a bit of extra paddin’ for the journey. I redid the radio so you won’t get sick of each other either. Look alright?”
? That I wouldn’t want someone who comes from the same upbringing as myself?” He wasn’t angry, he was confused and hurt that he had given Tony that impression.
“You’re really here.” Tony rested a hand on top of Steve’s. The forehead kiss added several years to his life, he was sure of it.
While the man was still passed out, Tony quickly looked around the new room. It was definitely warmer and there was no draft anymore, but it also lacked privacy. Privacy to lick his wounds and miss Steve; to daydream about better times and say a quick prayer.
“And I’m glad you have them. I like what they do to you,” she said, kissing each of their cheeks. “Now go get some sleep so I can have all my boys back again.”
“Everything alright?” James asked, sliding into the driver’s seat. It had been a while since he’d driven himself but with everything that had happened, he wasn’t afraid of anyone getting any smart ideas about targeting his car. Plus, Dmitri was busy.
.” Steve thought about it for a long second and then nodded. It was true. He’d follow James anywhere just like he did when they were kids and James protected him from bullies. Being three years older than him and much bigger, he was a welcome ally and had taken pity on the small kindergartener getting pushed into a bush.
“This is your home,” he told him again, “but if I ever do run out of ways to keep you around, you don’t owe me
He dropped his face down into Tony’s hair and sighed softly. “I am,” he admitted. “Very much so. I can’t wait to show you around. Are you excited?”
Bucky’s sentence broke off suddenly, his head cocking to the side and Jessica imitated him, Steve glancing around and trying to figure out what they were hearing. Before Steve could speak up, the other two took off running and Steve went right after them.
He continued to explain how a man in a dark suit had sat at his table one day while he was drinking his coffee, it was a short while after Loki had spoken to James about becoming mayor.
“It’s alright. I was being annoying. You’ve been through a lot. I’m surprised you didn’t snap at me sooner.”
Downstairs, Lucky had made his way into Clint’s lap and Tony was tentatively petting him while they talked.
—a sign that he had been truly grateful for the little relief he had given him. Without his help Tony wouldn’t have made it this far.
Tony bit back a sigh and nodded. Here was lunch and Sarah had thought of him. He should be grateful. And he
They were quiet for a while, both of them reading and occasionally drinking their coffee. Lucky was curled up at the foot of the bed asleep, small little yips coming from him as he dreamt. Dmitri was going to look after him and James had offered Natalia and Maria to come and go as they pleased as well. Not to mention the fact that Benni and Sarah would come visit the pup every now and then. Lucky would not be alone.
She eyed him for a while, sizing up the damage his bastard father had done. She was glad James and Steve hadn’t told her where they were keeping him. She was another person who wouldn’t hesitate to put a bullet in him.
Tony swallowed as he clenched his hand around the money and nodded. “Thank you, Mr Rogers, sir.” He slowly backed away, wanting to leave, the money still tightly held in his hand.
.” He sighed. He knew it would only worry Tony to hear him say that but he was determined to tell the truth.
He had slipped Clint’s spare hearing aids onto his ears and turned the volume down low enough that it would register but hopefully not shock him, having learned the volume he normally kept them on.
Clint let out another sigh, leaning back as he pondered the situation and grabbing a piece of the warm bread James had just laid on the table in front of him.
“Can barely feckin’ piss on my own,” he grumbled under his breath, dragging a hand down his face. He wasn’t mad at Tony and he needed to make that clear to him when he came out of the bathroom.
Steve pulled Tony’s hand to his face. “No,” he said softly, “no, this is enough.” He brushed Tony’s knuckles along his cheek, closing his eyes. He turned his face quickly to press his lips to his hand and sighed.
Back in his office three days later—the doctor had all but forced him to stay four days at least—he sat at his desk and looked through all the files Dugan, Jones and James’ men had already crossed off. Nine of the twelve files. The original two who ran away after Steve was shot and Falsworth, still missing. Two more Dugan had cornered that morning but only one needed weeding out.
In different circumstances, it would have been the weirdest, definitely chaotic slumber party Brooklyn had ever seen.
“Probably like an Italian who doesn’t like food,” Tony said and hugged the cushion closer. “What else?” Speaking drained a lot of his energy. More than he realized. But he wanted to listen to Steve. Better yet, rest against him.
Steve’s point of view and intentions were clear to him but James had no reason whatsoever to care about Tony. Or Howard. Or any of this.
James returned from Steve’s bedroom a moment later with the bottle and poured himself a glass. If Howard was going to be discussed, James was going to at least enjoy some aspect of it and that aspect was a nice single malt scotch.
,” he replied softly. “Steve?” He asked and continued after a moment. “If there’s anything I can do to help you with your work, you’ll let me know, right?”
Tony put down the things he would take back to Sarah’s kitchen and nearly jumped when Steve whispered to him. The tickling of Steve’s breath on his skin made the hairs on his neck stand up.
Meanwhile Tony and Benni were with Steve, the boy now in a better mood and chatting away while Tony simply looked at Steve. He set his cup down and told Benni in Italian he wanted to talk to Steve.
Steve sat up, leaning on the desk, watching James carefully. “James,” he began and James knew that tone. That worried, knowing tone. “Yesterday when you said you shouldn’t have bothered Clint at all. What’d you mean by that?” Steve had the feeling that James was suffering a lot more than he was letting on.
Steve didn’t think twice, his body, his instincts, working faster than his mind and rationality. He reached out to Tony and pulled him into a hug and when his brain finally caught up to his arms he let go and he moved back, the apology in his eyes despite never coming out of his mouth.
Tony was sure he was right because it made sense, the numbers were right there and numbers didn’t lie. Not if the accountant was any good. That thought sparked an idea in him.
“I really don’t want to sleep anymore today. I’ve already missed so much time with you,” he answered, leaning down to kiss Steve’s chest. “Tell me something about yourself I don’t know yet.”
Steve helped him get dressed and back into bed. “I want to wait for Clint,” Tony mumbled, rubbing his tired eyes. “Can you keep me awake?”
“Ma, I’ll be home for dinner,” Pepper called, stepping into the hallway, and added something in Gaelic which Tony of course didn’t understand. “Let’s go.” She smiled and took his arm.
Tony furrowed his brows, unsure where this was going. He didn’t like it, that was for sure. “Because he was yelling at my little brother and I was afraid he would hit him. I made my brother hide and it made Howard furious.”
“I’ll miss you as well, lad.” Steve lowered his voice then and looked around the room to make sure they were alone, really playing it up for Benni’s sake. “Can you do me a favor?”
Tony turned the book so he could see the title. Not that he had ever heard of it but he was curious what a woman like Sarah was reading. He gently touched the piece of yarn. Maria had been teaching Nella to use it to make scarves. Nella never got to finish her first scarf and Maria burned all the yarn in the house.
“Um,” Steve said, always caught off guard by how straightforward Tony could be, even six months in. “I don’t know, honestly. Bucky picked this place out but I don’t know how much Sam likes it here. Why? Worried about me?”
Benni giggled and shook his head, starting to explain why the moon wasn’t a planet. Tony looked up when he heard the front door close.
“And the second thing,” James continued, “is the phone number for our place in France. Still have your pen out?”
“Wait till I tell all my friends the head of the Russian mob got on his knees for me,” Clint slurred, halfway asleep.
Tony knew he wouldn’t want that but that wasn’t the point of why he had brought it up. “I’ve never seen a cottage. They say they’re really cozy and comfortable,” he said with a soft voice. It didn’t matter what he said. He just wanted to take Steve’s mind off the things that were bothering him. And so he told Steve in great detail what he imagined a cottage to be like. And what he would like to have in it and Steve drifted off to sleep.
Steve sighed, content, and nuzzled his face against Tony’s hair. “We’ll just have to agree to disagree on that one.”
“I think a trip just the two of us would be just what the doctor ordered,” Steve said, grinning. With the hand holding his face, he guided Tony forward and kissed him again, tasting coffee and something that was entirely just Tony. He broke the kiss with a heavy sigh again.
“I can make an appointment to get your cast off soon, if you’d like,” James said the next morning over breakfast. He looked up at Clint, wondering if today was going to be a nonverbal day or not.
Christmas, let alone celebrated even if they had. He didn’t think the others had either but he wondered.
Tony turned his head to James. He was ready then? He looked back to the targets and nodded. He knew what he wanted to ask. He knew what he had to do. What he
They chatted for a while longer until Clint’s conversation was finally coming to an end and he was making his way back to the bar. It took him all of five seconds to notice the man leaning against the bar beside Natalia and then his face lit up like the Rockefeller Christmas Tree.
Steve chuckled again but Tony’s words saddened him a little. Or a lot. The way he spoke about her. But Steve was happy he had someone in his life even if he didn’t realize it yet. “Hm, sounds like a good one then. Those are rare.” He moved his half-finished plate of eggs onto the counter beside the sink. He might come back for them later but his appetite was gone as was his desire for company. “Have fun, I’ll see ya when I see ya,” he told him with a light pat on the shoulder as he left.
So he was in love. Apparently had been for some time. Just because he now had a name for what he had been feeling didn’t mean it would change anything. Nothing needed changing. Benni and he were in a good place. A place where he wanted to stay. Not only for the obvious selfish reasons—he didn’t have to run a store, run a household, take care of his brother, be scared of being beaten or insulted or steal money from his own register in order to run away—but also because he felt like he finally belonged somewhere. There was no way he was going to risk that for something as ridiculous as feelings.
Suddenly it hit him how ironic this situation was. All he had wanted was to be with Steve while he went through this dangerous phase of trying to find the person threatening them. Now he was the one who had been so stupid to distance himself from the security measures Steve had put in place, which was how he ended up in this cold, bare room far away from Steve.
he yelled as Howard threw him on the floor. He had spotted the piece of paper with Mr Rogers’ number and the letter next to it. Tony used his chance and shoved the small boy out of the room, wrapping him up with a blanket around his shoulders. Tony was shaking in fear, knowing what was about to happen. “
He moved to kiss Steve’s forehead in response. “Got some stuff done. Falsworth managed to make disgusting coffee even though he did everything I told him to do.” He tried to tell Steve something that would make him smile. “Done with the numbers for the week. That’s it…”
“Apparently we had more food than you can shake a cat at according to this one,” Sarah said, jerking a thumb towards Tony with a grin. “And there's plenty more left for you, love.”
“Steve,” he said and gently lifted his head for him to look at Tony. “You didn’t hurt me. You could never.” He shook his head. “It felt good.”
Tony held his pounding cheek, tasting blood again, and keeping his eyes shut. Why was this so difficult to endure?
“Yeah, straight out of the academy. I was… twenty, so yeah, a while now,” he answered, thinking back. He almost forgot how long he’d been doing this job and he loved every second of it. Of course in the beginning he was a floater and did lots of other side jobs but then he’d been taken on by 616, by Fury, moved up the ranks to where he was now and he couldn’t imagine anything else.
“I’m not going anywhere, love. I just want you comfortable,” Steve said softly, moving closer to Tony, soothingly massaging the hand he held, hitting pressure points that he knew of in hopes of relaxing him. “You’ve got nothing to apologize for, you’ve been through something unimaginably difficult. This is natural and I’m here for you. Whatever you do or don’t need.”
“I was about to wake you,” he heard Sarah say. It took some effort to turn around and focus on her but eventually he managed. “Dinner will be ready in an hour. How about Benni and you take a bath, get changed and come down to the kitchen, hm?”
Clint woke first, the pain in his leg demanding his attention. Natalia was still curled up beside him, reading quietly and hit the clicker that gave him another dose of morphine. James was on the other side of the bed in a chair reading the paper.
“I see how it is. Well, how about you do the cooking and I do the cleaning then?” He put the map away and looked back out. “So, you grew up here?” he asked. “Are you going to show me that too?”
Tony wanted to turn around and get up at the same time but only ended up banging his head on the top of the fireplace. “Ouch,” he whined and crouched back down, holding his head. “You look comfy. Is this the Steve I’m going to have all to myself?” He reached out one hand and gestured for Steve to come closer.
Clint felt his heart skip a beat. He had spent the night wondering that himself. Doubting it the longer he thought about it. He wasn’t sure and he didn’t want to give Tony false hope or, at this point, himself either.
“I’m sorry,” James said, his voice quieter because he did not want Clint to hear it break. He knew how Clint could be, worrying more about others than he did himself. James loved that about him but not right now. “I’m so sorry, Clint. I’m sorry I wasn’t there—”
“And you know workin’ for me is still completely optional, right?” His eyes did a quick sweep of Tony and his heart thudded once, loudly, in his chest. Why was he doing this to himself? Maybe it was the exhaustion or the alcohol. Maybe he needed
James hummed, nodding slowly and taking the Patek back into his hands to turn over slowly. He turned to Monet. “I’ll take this one. I’d like to engrave it as well.”
Steve came over and took the paper back, checking it over quickly and then nodding. “That’s it. I mail these and in a few days we should get the certificates.” He took a bite of the cracker he was holding in his free hand and smiled at Tony, heading for his desk to put the documents into a new envelope.
Steve got in the car with Dugan, whistling a tune—the song they’d first danced to from last night—and Dugan adjusted the mirror to look at him.
Clint nodded, eating the last bite of the potato. Usually he would’ve gone more slowly but he just wanted to feel like his stomach wasn’t empty. “I always knew.” He turned the ring on his finger as he spoke. “Never liked girls. Be glad he’s your first. Trying to date is… it’s rough.”
Steve chuckled. “I’ve seen the way he looks at James. You might be stuck with me, love,” Steve said, making a small noise of protest when Tony moved and Steve lost a little of his warmth. “Ah,” he said. In all honesty, he didn’t even know that was a thing. He moved his hand under the blanket to rest on Tony’s hip. “I’m glad you had each other.”
He shrugged out of his jacket and shoes and into comfortable slippers, unbuttoning his waistcoat and rolling up his shirt sleeves. He found Tony in the living room with Benni and Sarah and he leaned against the entrance with a smile, just watching his family.
But all in all it wasn’t so bad being back home again. Tony called from time to time and Clint called Tony, especially when James was working and he was home alone. It kept him from missing him too much and helped on the days when he was feeling a little under the weather. He was happy to hear that Tony seemed to be doing alright too.
Steve warmed at that and then almost immediately let out another sigh, running his hands through his hair. “I can’t imagine you had a lot of good things to say about me.”
James listed off the number and Steve made a note of it on a separate piece of paper so he wouldn’t accidentally forget and hand Tony the number with the jewelers’ information.
He grabbed three muffins and pulled out a kitchen chair, pushing it back in a second later and going to the living room instead for more comfortable seating.
“He wasn’t an asshole. He… just spoke his mind.” Tony couldn’t help and grin a little. “I’d rather not give you anything more to worry. That’s not why I came here.”
get a name, hm?” James said, twirling his knife slowly. Loki didn’t say anything, not sure what would actually help.
“What are you waiting for?” he asked instead, unwilling to ruin the moment. It was finally just them together and both on the same page with their feelings and plans.
Monday came quicker than Steve wanted but work was a welcome distraction. Lately, he’d been trying to push Tony out of his head. To not think about the somersaults his stomach did when those brown eyes fell on him or how perfectly Tony fit in his arms when he hugged him. And especially not how Tony looked when he was laughing or teasing Steve.
Luckily Tony had already shrugged off his jacket when he started cleaning but now he wished he was in easy clothes like Steve. Or better yet, no clothes at all.
He punched Steve firmly in his stomach and a second time in his stitches and Steve let out a groan, the blood pooling through into his shirt. Falsworth threw Steve’s guns away from him while he was blinded by the pain.
always loved you and so did Nella. Howard won’t get to you ever again, you understand, eh?” Benni nodded and took Tony’s hand.
Steve sighed. “Look, you mook,” he started, looking at James but the corner of his mouth was turned up in a grin. “It was almost dark, I wanted to catch her attention so she’d come out because her old man was a real tough one.”
There was something about Steve’s voice when he was so focused on him and his body that never failed to make a shudder run through Tony. He tilted his head to the side while working on the buttons of his shirt, quietly cussing. He considered just ripping it open but if someone was to do that, it needed to be Steve.
James was planning to take Clint to France, to the house he had told him about in the small village where people only knew him as the kind Russian man. He wanted Clint to rediscover the beauty and tranquility in a place where he had once seen only death and violence. He wanted to show him just a sneak peak of the many ways in which James wanted to spoil him rotten.
“Alright, lads, we’re here,” Pinky announced, turning off the engine and getting out. He immediately went to the trunk and didn’t bother opening their doors but Steve was present enough not to wait for him to do so.
Sarah, knowing the boys had things to discuss, told Benni she would read to him by the fireplace while they had dessert and he was up and out of his seat in no time, coming back only when he remembered his place had not been cleared. Once they were definitely out of earshot, James moved into the seat beside Steve, motioning for Tony to do the same.
“It means ‘you are my pulse,” he explained, remembering hearing Tony’s name as Falsworth stood over him, each heartbeat ‘To-ny’. He didn’t wince at the memory but it did make him hold Tony even tighter. “And it’s true. As vital to my existence as it is, so are you.”
“You don’t have to regret it anymore,” Steve said quietly, “it’ll happen.” Steve tried to swallow past the lump in his throat formed by Tony’s words.
“Oh. That’s really nice,” he said, definitely not expecting that answer but at least he didn’t feel like he needed to worry about her if that’s where she had been.
A man wearing white silk gloves and a coat and tails along with a top hat, opened the car door for them. Clint inhaled deeply and resolved not to focus on how out of place he felt amongst these blue bloods. He looked over at James for one more bit of reassurance and met his eyes immediately. James smiled and blew him a quick kiss and then the valet was leaning down to help Natalia, offering her a hand.
“Yeah,” James mumbled against his neck, pressing a kiss there and then standing and turning to Tony. “Smells good.” He went over to investigate and sniff. “You’ll have to give me this recipe as well.”
“He's at your house, searching it for traps. Since Falsworth knows the way in, thought it a good idea.”
Tony held Steve in his arms, combing through his hair as he listened, whispering how much he loved Steve in Italian. There was nothing he could say or do that would help Steve, nothing that would change the world or situation they were in. The world wasn’t kind but Tony promised Steve he would find a way to make it up to him.
The next morning, Steve woke around seven and considered calling James. He knew he shouldn’t. Everything was telling him to leave him alone because he needed the time alone but Steve needed a friend. He desperately needed a friend who understood him and what he was and what he was feeling but he couldn’t do that to James.
The man turned and looked up at Steve, still waiting for his call to connect. “Yeah, small world. You know him?”
Tony got distracted by the sloppy and rather audible kissing coming from in front of him and he blushed. He pulled Steve in for another kiss and whispered in his ear. “I hope the only reason why you don’t greet me that eagerly is because of the others here.” He gently pinched Steve’s thigh and held his hand under the table.
Tony thought a lot about what James said, not even caring that he was now alone in the kitchen. He preferred to be alone and have time to process things. Though it didn’t seem that it would be the case for this. He tucked in Benni a bit earlier than usual and told him he would be back very late and he should go to Sarah if he was scared or anything.
He led him upstairs to a huge entrance way and then around the corner to more stairs up to a second story. The floors were lined with a deep blue carpet over a dark-wood floor. Steve stopped at a door and pushed it open, motioning for Tony to enter.
“The Rolex. It’s water-resistant. Mine can be forgetful. Might accidentally shower with it,” James said, looking up at Monet who was standing off to the side so the two men could have their private conversation. “But I’m considering getting both. And you?”
“I’d like a nurse, but I’ve already got two people checking me out,” Steve joked, laughing. Maybe he had pressed that button too many times in preparation for his trek across the hall.
Steve felt like he couldn’t breathe and he didn’t remember where he was and someone was touching him but it wasn’t threatening. His eyes roamed around the room, unfocused, until finally they found Tony’s face and slowly they focused, wide and terrified.
The next time Tony woke up he could see light shining through the small window in the room. Every day that past he lost even more hope of ever getting out. Clint and he were on the same page on that, which was a very unfortunate thing to have in common with someone else. They stayed close to each other, both finding some comfort in the physical contact.
There were some days before they were living together when James wouldn’t hear from him for long stretches of time. He had never asked Clint about those times but he knew him well enough now to have a fairly good idea of what was going on.
“That’s Pepper, sir. She helps around the store.” Tony introduced her and kept his bandaged hand behind his back. “I needed her help today, is all.” He didn’t dare look at Mr Rogers. Hadn’t he asked permission? Why did they seem so upset?
And he knew—he wasn’t completely blindsided—that with a relationship would come new things that he would hate but he just assumed they would be little things his partner would say and do. For instance, he didn’t like that Clint tended to talk with his mouth full. But he didn’t
Steve moved all the way back and told Tony to put the gun down and turn around to face him. When he did, Steve held up his hands, palms facing Tony, and fingers straight.
“Hm, okay good to know. Coloring is one of my top talents but maybe I can teach him sign language,” Clint hummed, thinking. “How old is he?”
Clint nodded slowly. Thinking about the day he was taken made him angry. Angry with himself for being stupid and putting James through all of this because he didn’t think he needed the protection.
He looked at the words there, his own. The warning he’d sent Howard that had more than likely only caused Tony more grief and yet he’d kept it along with the paper Steve had written his number down on. Steve felt the paper between his fingers; how it was no longer crisp and strong but soft, worn, the sign of something often picked up. He wanted to think about what that meant but figured it was nothing more than gratitude perhaps.
Steve pulled his hand away from his middle, his fingertips coated in red, and he staggered a little, feeling lightheaded.
“It’s me,” he said, hanging his coat over a chair and turning on the lights. “I need to talk to you, Steve.”
There was a lot Steve wanted to do to him. A lot he couldn’t though either because he really was supposed to restrain himself to light activity and because he wasn’t sure yet how much Tony could handle sexually. He knew he was strong, resilient, but he wasn’t sure if he wanted roughness in so many aspects of his life. He would ask, but maybe next time.
When Sarah stood in front of Tony she didn’t need to say a word. After Steve had missed his check in time Tony had been worried, now he just knew that something was wrong, so terribly wrong. Benni was asleep but he quickly wrote a message, telling the boy to stay at home and not go anywhere.
Tony, and he was just happy to have him back. “I’m never letting you out of my sight again. Not for a second. Get used to having an extra shadow.”
Without a single doubt in his mind, the worst time, his lowest mood drops, were when he needed to use the bathroom. Tony—sometimes James—had to help him get out of the bed because he was trying really hard not to tear anymore stitches. Then they supported him to the toilet because apparently he couldn’t walk seven feet anymore. From there he could work things out on his own. Now. In the earlier weeks there had been some difficulty in trying to get the hospital gown up while positioning everything else.
“No, second desk drawer,” he clarified and then turned to Tony, “He wants something stronger than wine.” He was about to change the subject when he realized. “Is that going to be alright? Him drinking while we talk?” Wine was one thing but a bottle of scotch was another.
“Thanks,” he said, finally feeling some of the tension fading from his body, leaving him more exhausted than when he’d gone to sleep. “Just a nightmare.” He knew he wouldn’t be able to hear what Tony said in reply but still he wanted to talk.
. He pulled his hand away from Steve to cover his body with the blanket. “I’m sorry. I know you said you’ve seen me in worse condition. It’s just… I never wanted to go back there. And I know this is no one’s fault but I just hate that it’s a step back.”
A small sound of surprise came from Tony when he was pulled into the sudden hug. He wanted to take a step back —an ugly force of habit— but instead he leaned into the hug, wrapping his arms around Steve as well. It was the first time he hugged someone that much taller. He could probably rest against Steve with all his weight and he wouldn’t be bothered. He would probably just continue to hold him.
Steve’s smile now was wide and confident and he came over and pulled out Tony’s chair, gesturing for him to sit. “I’m glad to hear it.” He leaned down, waiting for Tony to meet him the remaining ten percent of the way and when he did, they stayed like that a moment, kissing slowly until Steve pulled away. “Then allow me to serve you.”
“Do you… do you want this?” Steve asked, kissing him again too. “Please don’t just do this to make me happy or because you feel bad for me. I need you to want this too or I don’t want it.”
“It’s a lot? I know. Going there tonight, so soon, it was just an idea. We don’t have to go right away.”
Again she nodded, processing, looking for holes in his words. Anything to alert her that he might just be saying this. She trusted Tony, but her fear for her boys outweighed that trust right now. “Tony, don’t take this any way other than a mother trying to protect her child, but are you sure?” She had to know.
He passed down an alley and another shot rang out, hitting the brick his above his head. Shitty aim, so not Falsworth.
The last thing he remembered clearly was reaching out to grab a can but then everything went dark. He couldn’t say if he had passed out or if someone had put a dark hood over his head. Whatever it was, it happened fast. From far away Tony heard doors open and close, he felt shoving and then a motor running. Was this it? The one thing Steve had tried to protect him from?
“I,” he began, pointing to his heart to mean ‘love’, “him and I know they’ll find us but don’t you think we should at least try?”
James snorted, very unimpressed. “All of it? Alright, sure. What’s next? Think I should tell him to leave me too?”
“Me? I never learned to play or read sheet music.” Tony kept himself from making a self-deprecating joke at the last second. He didn’t want to get Steve’s signature look tonight.
He couldn’t know that he would never let anything happen to Clint anymore than Clint could guess this year’s World Series teams. But that didn’t mean he wouldn’t try and it also didn’t mean he would stop considering retirement. It would be an early retirement by any and all standards but perhaps it was for the best.
James had to help.” He was beyond frustrated and embarrassed but didn’t know if there was a word for what he was feeling.
“Alright. I’ll allow it. Only because we have guests.” He let go of Steve and looked up at him. After a second he reached up to put a hand on Steve’s cheek, gently rubbing his thumb over his skin. “
After they had eaten and cleaned up, Steve had a few more calls to make but nothing requiring him to leave the house. He did go in his office and close the door, though. Some of the calls were in relation to their trip, some were business, most were about a few rings he had found, and the last call was unexpected.
“I know,” James said, “I got lucky with him. He thinks pretty highly of you too, told me you kept him sane. Thank you and I’ll let him know you’re alright. He’ll be happy to hear it.”
“You’re the first lad to eat this little of my food!” Sarah scolded Tony and he looked to his half full plate.
Steve laughed. “No, it’s just a good mornin’ is all. You need to start?” He was looking at the bags under Dugan’s eyes and downward pull of his mouth; the way his hands were gripping the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles had gone a worrying shade of pale.
Tony blew air out of his nose, a small laugh, shaking his head. “This happens to everyone? Breaking down from being hugged?”
“You’ve got that my-crush-just-said-hi-to-me look is all. It’s cute. Haven’t seen you excited about someone in a while.”
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve as much as he could, not even caring about the pain in his body, simply needing all the physical contact he could get. “I missed you. God, I missed you so much.” He took several deep breaths, inhaling Steve’s scent, focusing on the warmth he felt radiating from his body. After a minute or two he let go again and looked in his eyes. “How’s Benni? And Sarah? Can I see them?”
Clint snorted, eating the treat. “As if I know which way East is.” James chuckled and Clint turned to catch his smile, but also caught a glimpse of how tired James looked behind it before James could mask it. He’d ask about that later. “Do we have a nice room with a view?”
“Does your father do any work?” He asked, just the right amount of venom in his voice for his liking.
“Good evening, Mr Romanov. So lovely to have you and your guests dining with us tonight,” the man said. “Follow me.”
“Mr Delmonico,” James greeted him with a cursory nod of his head, no smile, and that chilling gaze Clint knew only too well despite it never having been directed at him.
James was on a chair beside the couch, close enough that he could hold onto a few of Clint’s fingers while they ate, trying desperately to stay awake as he filled himself with delicious food, in a warm room, and drank his tea. It was harder than he thought and after a minute his fork clattered onto the floor when he dozed momentarily.
James nodded, looking into Tony’s room with a smile as he answered. “His leg hurts but he was alright enough to ask for jello. How are you doing?”
The cottage itself was relatively large but still very quaint. It was made of large stones and had vines growing across the front with flowers blossoming on them. It was two stories and when they went inside, yes, it definitely needed airing.
But Clint really wanted to talk. As accustomed to it as he was, this little bit of conversation they had had over the last few days had kept him from teetering over the edge of insanity in the silence that he found himself in. He wasn’t born deaf, so the silence was suffocating him.
Tony watched the interaction between Clint and James. For the first time he saw James’ soft side, one he didn’t know would be
Tony’s expression softened at Steve’s words. He recognized that behavior. He’d been guilty of it plenty of times himself. What asshole had hurt this beautiful man and why?
“Why France?” Natalia asked later that same day, sitting at the bar, a martini in her hand that Clint had just made for her.
James receives a phone call. Clint and Tony make a plan. Steve and James have a little conversation with one of Bakuto's men.
A couple days later, James was on the phone in the living room. He was leaning back in his chair, his feet propped up on the desk and the telephone wedged between his ear and shoulder, a notepad in his other hand as he wrote down details about their trip.
me to hurt you,” James said and Loki’s eyebrows knitted together as a smile spread across James’ face.
“They missed an internal suture, he was bleeding but they fixed it. He should be in a room in about ten minutes.”
First, they ordered two medium sized turkeys from the butcher. Next were vegetables, which took much longer because Sarah knew the store owners personally. Lastly, they went ahead and bought enough ingredients to bake two different desserts to make things interesting.
“Now you’re just spoiling him,” Tony scoffed playfully and took a cookie for himself. Though, he loved everything they did for Benni. He needed some serious spoiling.
Sarah rinsed her hands under the water and placed a hand between his shoulder blades, not judging Tony for flinching at the unexpected touch.
Steve wasn’t completely on board with her having so much involvement but James had made it clear that Natalia wasn’t just invested because of how important Clint was to her but that she would also be a huge help. She had the physical skills to be useful as well as good connections.
Steve felt awful. Like he needed a bath but the idea of getting out of his bed ever again was repulsive to him. Or he was just repulsive?
might finally die. And it got worse. And then you came.” Tony moved to look at Steve again. “You’re the answer to my prayers.”
Tony watched their interaction and was fully prepared to leave and give them room to talk. Instead he found himself alone with Steve and that was much better.
Being back at the bar was more of a relief than Clint expected it to be. He’d had a fear that he hadn’t really shared about coming back. About being back in the place where he fought and was taken. The last place he saw before being held captive for weeks. It had taken some time to get over that and remember that this was, in fact, a safe place.
Tony had always loved the way Steve spoke English, especially when he was tired or relaxed. Now he found he preferred his accent when speaking Italian. It was absolutely beautiful.
During the first half of the day that was what Tony was thinking about. For the most part. The other part, which he needed to push aside all the time, were his thoughts about Steve who was back in the office. Just as before Tony was working in the background while Steve handled the things that needed his ‘personal touch.’
“If you get overwhelmed with them here, why didn’t you tell me? I would’ve told James and they wouldn’t have come,” Steve said, focusing on one thing at a time.
Steve ground his jaw, still staring at Tony, watching his face and the way he searched for answers while he spoke. No one telling the truth did that. “Hm,” was all he said and nodded at Jones who was at the door to escort Tony out.
“So, this is Belfast.” He looked out of the window and watched the people and buildings pass by. It looked completely different from what he was used to, but also completely different from what he imagined. “It’s very different from New York.”
Still holding his hand, Tony sat down as close to Steve as he could and nodded. This was progress. Something he had been longing for and now he didn’t know what to do or what to say.
It was as if Steve could read his mind and knew exactly what Tony wanted. The small touches were enough to make Tony relax more than he had in days. Maybe it was because he got to talk to Clint and make sure his friend was alright. Maybe it was the certainty of having almost everyone he cared for in one room. Whatever it was, he chose to enjoy it while it lasted. He rested a hand on Steve’s thigh, simply resting it there without making another move. No, he wasn’t quite there yet. He didn’t want Steve to see him as thin and broken as he was.
“And I’d really like you to not be afraid of James,” Clint added, rubbing a hand over his face. Clint heard James laugh at something someone said, he couldn’t be sure who, but that sound made his heart feel less heavy. A moment later he heard Steve say something and then there was more laughter in the kitchen. He smiled softly, turning to Tony. “I just… maybe I’ll sleep on it first. See how tonight goes and then decide tomorrow. And it’s alright, don’t force yourself. There’s always calling.”
He was different. It was like he had been planning this from the start but he was an enemy Steve wasn’t sure how to fight.
“Mornin’,” he said, hesitating, his steps faltering slightly. Should he keep walking to his shower and talk to him at breakfast? Or perhaps engage him a little now? He waited for Tony’s reaction and then he would decide. Maybe Tony wouldn’t even speak.
Steve had heard about the boy but he didn’t realize he was related to Pepper. He’d seen how some of his own men had reacted to hearing about him, seeing as the family was Irish. Dugan had advised that perhaps Steve not do anything risky for a while and he had listened.
“For us?” Steve asked and wanted to take it back the moment he saw the way Tony flinched at the surprise in his tone. He wrapped a hand firmly around each of Tony’s forearms and pulled him closer, smiling gently. “Not in a bad way. I just didn’t expect you to ask me to move in with you today. That is what you’re asking right?”
“What if I don’t want to tell you?” He asked. Not because he wanted to keep secrets but because Steve had enough on his mind as it was and he didn’t need additional worries.
James rolled his eyes this time, pulling into his underground garage and making sure the door closed behind them before he got out. He helped Clint out and onto his crutches and they made their way inside, Lucky running towards Clint at high speed and nearly knocking him down if not for James catching and righting him.
Clint inhaled sharply, caught between just letting everything out or getting his shit together because he was sure James must have been busy and he’d come all the way here from wherever he had been because Clint couldn’t wait to have his breakdown at home. Or just not have one altogether.
P.S. A companion/second fic in this series has been written centering around James. It picks up where James “disappears” in this fic and explores what happens during his away time as well as his new relationship. It’s called “All Or Nothing At All.”
In all honesty, Clint’s mind was still fixated on ‘baby’ but he did hear the rest and he leaned forward to kiss James. “I have to process it myself first and then… I’ll let you know. It’s not that I don’t want to talk about it with you. I just...”
Tony looked at Steve. “Wouldn’t be able to?” He repeated, searching for something in Steve’s eyes that would confirm it. “Are you saying…” He quickly scanned the room, not seeing Sarah or Benni. “Are you telling me that he couldn’t if he wanted to?” He asked carefully.
Despite himself, he kept glancing at Tony. Sometimes turning his head slightly, sometimes just his eyes sliding over. He allowed himself a small portion of freedom—look but not touch. Tony needed a friend right now, not more, and he might not ever need Steve as that ‘more’ anyway.
“Were you busy?” Clint asked quietly after a long silence. He was doing everything in his power to hold himself together. He was too ashamed to have another breakdown right here so soon. He hoped he wouldn’t have another at all but especially not before he even had the chance to leave the bar.
Once they had all filled themselves, James and Clint helped clean up. Clint gathering plates and cutlery into a pile for James to take to the sink. Steve stayed beside Tony, gently stroking his hair, wanting him to sleep some more.
Tony wanted to make a joke about how strong Steve was and about how much he loved that but it didn’t feel right. There was a lot for both of them to work through but he didn’t want to do it separate from each other.
“You too. And, I, uh,” Clint winced and turned to James. “Click that morphine for me, sweetheart?” The pain meds they had given him were wearing off and the feeling of everything was coming back in full force. He turned back to Tony. “I have a buncha questions. Remind me some time?” Clint’s eyes were nearly closed as the morphine kicked in.
Tony hummed in agreement and closed his eyes again. Feeling Steve against his body was easily Tony’s favorite feeling he had ever experienced.
That part was easy. Being there for his brother had been his only task for years. The difficult part was dealing with the time alone. First, he took a nice long shower, feeling as if he could wash off the numbness from his body. It didn’t work. Then he put on his sleeping clothes and laid down in his beautifully spacious bed, but it seemed to swallow him up. No, he couldn’t stay there. For a second he considered reading but if Sarah or Steve saw the light in his room they would get worried and he definitely didn’t want that. So he pulled the curtains open to let in some of the light from the street and stared outside. For a time it helped to think of nothing, do nothing, simply observe the world until the silence became deafening.
“Smells delightful, you two,” Steve said, taking his seat and cracking his neck. Maybe he ought to book a massage somewhere? He’d have to find out if Tony would be comfortable with it first. He knew he wouldn’t want one for himself but he might also not like the idea of Steve receiving one either.
“Get some rest. I’m not going anywhere.” He kissed his hair and listened to Tony’s breathing even out as he fell asleep.
“Cap, wait,” Rhodey yelled, swinging an arm out in front of him to make him stop. “Can you hear that?”
When Tony was gone, Dugan immediately came back in with his sandwich, annoyed that he’d been kicked out in the first place.
“Oh, come now, Steven, I don’t remember ever teaching you to drop your head in shame like that,” she said sternly, and he met her eyes, blue like his but even firmer, even more stubborn and unrelenting, wiser.
“That’s good,” Tony said and moved to rest a hand on Benni’s small face. He had grown a lot since they had gotten there but his face still looked like always. Though now it was rounder and fuller, his skin smoother and not pale anymore.
He did worry about Sarah though. Not like he really needed to. He knew she could look after herself better than any of them combined and he knew she would have Benni. Occasionally, they would even look after Lucky.
things off, I’ll be all over you,” he said, pressing kisses into his hair and on his neck. James had guessed this already but a lot of Steve’s short temper and easy irritation was pent up sexual frustration. Getting those stitches off and finally getting to be together with his boyfriend was going to do a world of good for his mood.
pale next to Tony—next to anyone but his mother he supposed—and he’d never truly noticed how nicely olive-toned Tony was even in winter until now. “Not as much as I’d like. It’s peaceful, that’s what I appreciate about it. Would you like to go this summer?”
him wanting to ask and it just—” He cut himself off, sighing and sipping his coffee. “I got mad at him on the way here, snapped, but seeing you helped. It’s nice.”
Out on the balcony earlier that evening, James and Clint were cuddled up tight under three thick blankets, Clint mostly on James’ lap. The balcony was connected to their room, the doors located not too far from the bed so they didn’t have to worry about bothering anyone else when they came back inside.
Steve barked out a laugh. “I’m not so sure ma would agree with that.” He dropped the book onto his lap and took Tony’s hand instead, the smile gone already. He looked up at him. “It’s not you, ya know. You’ve just done so much to make things more bearable for me, I can’t stand to seem ungrateful.”
“Tell you what.” Tony leaned in to whisper in Steve’s ear with a seductive voice. “As soon as we’re home again, I’ll do
“It had better be a dame or a bag of money. You know right now’s my me time,” he said, his voice low and threatening. No one was ever allowed to visit him during his personal time. He put away what he was working on and leaned back, waiting for an explanation.
“He wants you to stay with me? Keep you safe?” She nodded, surprised. “We’ve always had this plan in place. In case anything happens, you come to me. It’s fine.”
“Oh,” he said, not having expected to actually get asked out by Tony. Not today or any other day really. He’d mainly said it and joined their tour to get Bucky to leave him alone.
Tony grinned and Steve felt the tiniest fluttering in his stomach, just a teeny tiny butterfly barely flapping but it was still there. Still noticeable.
“Not—whatever,” Steve said when Bruce was out of earshot. He wasn’t a cop and he would continue to stress that.
There was food and Sarah made Tony let go of Steve to eat and drink. He even managed to talk to Benni, who of course was curious and wanted to know what happened, of which he was proud.
They had passed the warehouse in question and parked two blocks away, leaving the ambulance in an alley where it wouldn’t draw attention. It was too dark and cold for anyone to be out anyway.
Steve then spoke of the racketeering he was maintaining neatly, giving vague details because no one needed to know all of his business. He mostly spoke of the protection-racket and his own dealings with the few drugs the Irish dealt in—prior to the repealing of the prohibition their main product had been alcohol but it was no longer an item of high value.
?” He asked again, this time with more emotion. When? Always? How long was always? Why had he never… wait. “S-Since when? How long?”
Steve shook his head to dislodge the unwelcome and needlessly loud thought, instead nuzzling his nose into Tony’s hair.
“You have a bite mark on your collarbone.” Rhodey’s nose scrunched as a very brief mental image of his Captain and Tony together flashed across his mind.
Steve had dropped his head and Rhodey slapped a hand to his shoulder and gave him a look before walking inside.
“—but I can’t. How do I explain to him that I’m sure that deep down he hates me? All I bring him is badness.” James looked away, feeling a little too exposed by his own words and Steve seemed surprised, to say the least.
An hour later, James returned, rolling his sleeves up and he nodded to Sarah. She sighed in relief, so tense for that hour she thought she’d never get her shoulders back down.
James hesitated before answering. “Yes. He took someone from me. I have no intention of showing mercy.” He waited, wondering if this would mean she would not do him the favor. He wanted to lie but Gao could smell a lie from a hundred miles away. The only way was the truth.
With the help of the others, paramedics Okoye and Wanda got them loaded up into the two ambulances on scene and took off for the nearest hospital where everyone now waited to hear the prognosis.
two hundred dollars in his hand, maybe more. That bottle of whiskey could be covered four times over with just one of those bills.
They both sighed. Getting it off their chests helped even if neither of them had really offered up any answers or solutions to their questions and concerns. The fact that the same things were bothering them both also helped, in its own strange way.
Clint opened his mouth to speak and then closed it again, unsure. “I was and then I wasn’t. It helps—being around you, it helps for sure. It’s just so sudden.” He scratched his head. “I guess it’s just been a while since I was a guest anywhere. It’ll be a lot to get used to. Being here.”
“He’s right. With Dugan’s wedding I’ve met my fancy dress quota for the year,” Dmitri added, turning onto William Street down in the Financial District.
Clint had knocked out deeply. Maybe it was the thought that he could hopefully take Tony if he tried anything or maybe it was just the comfort of finally having someone else in there with him but he slept for the first time since they’d taken him.
“We didn’t specify a date. Just exchanged numbers, he said we should get something to eat sometime.”
Upstairs Tony and Benni went through the usual evening routine and Tony read him not one but two chapters in his book. It wasn’t intentional at all but it felt good to read what was written and not let his mind wander.
“Woodside is taken care of,” Steve said, coming back into the main office, James and Dugan following behind him. They had been in a different office using the other phone.
“And this wasn’t information you thought should be shared with me? Do you not see how this affects me?”
James chuckled, removing the broccoli from the water and checking the potatoes. “I’ll make it up to you. I’ll make you feel good, baby.”
Dugan had the car ready by the time he got outside and he slipped into the passenger's seat, just the two of them. He trusted Jones and Falsworth but Dugan would always be his closest confidant of all the Irish, save of course for his mother.
They spoke a little while longer and Tony couldn’t help but notice the absence of embarrassment or weirdness at the way Steve was holding him in his lap. It was the first time that they could be themselves with someone who wasn’t Sarah or Benni and it felt good.
Clint popped them in his mouth and swallowed, washing them down with water. He turned back to Benni and then to Tony who sat back down.
“This one here with the crazy hair and mustache is Dugan,” he said, pointing to said stick figure. “The one with no hair is Jones—“
Tony felt comfortable, he really did. So why was his heart beating so fast and why did he feel the need to run away? He bounced his leg nervously under the table, nibbling on his chicken.
He couldn’t say how much time had passed—he had left his watch on his desk at the office—but finally the door opened and a nurse came in, telling them a doctor would be with them shortly. Barely seconds after the nurse had left, a man, putting his white coat on, came into the room.
“Most people call me Winter. You can also call me Winter.” Just because he was Steve’s fella didn’t mean James had to trust him. “He’s with Sarah.”
Steve was glaring at him and when he caught sight of it, he cocked an eyebrow, the first person to challenge Steve in a while at one of these meetings.
“Good, just widen your stance and take a shot. Don’t forget the forward lean. I don’t want you doing more harm than good.” Tony took a shot and this time it landed on the target. Not the bullseye but within a ring and that was progress.
“No, it does not,” he agreed bitterly. “It was good catching up, James.” Winter turned at the sound of his name, a curious expression on his face.
With the handkerchief in his pocket he cleaned the names written on the stones and placed the bouquets in front of them.
or touch his hand gently. While Tony watched his little-but-not-so-little brother he realized how much he looked like their mother. How had he never seen that before?
“I really like Mars because it’s red and right next to us. Did you know our moon is not a planet?” Benni asked.
Steve tucked himself back into his underwear and went to his bathroom to get a damp towel. He cleaned himself first in the bathroom and then got another towel and took it out to clean the spent and panting Tony. He was still lying there breathing hard, fully naked, and if Steve wasn’t careful, he’d be hard again soon.
James normally would have rolled his eyes or grinned but he was in public so he just gave Clint a small smile. Clint didn’t mind. He could read those eyes now; he saw what James couldn’t show.
“It’s not that rare,” he told her. “I like both. I could probably find a wife if I was lookin’ but I’m not. I love Tony.”
“How,” he asked, the word ringing out in the room. There was more force behind it than he intended, his temper not something he was good at controlling.
Tony stood near Steve, as he always did since he couldn’t stand to be away from him for even a short amount of time. Plus, he found that he fit into his side perfect like they were made for each other.
“That’s different. I wasn’t aware of it back then,” he mumbled, his arms wrapped around himself. He could feel his bones sticking out. “Can you… turn off the lights? I’ll shower and be right outside with you.” He stared down to the floor, hoping that Steve wouldn’t try to fight him on something for once.
“Whatever it is that you’re going through, you don’t have to do it alone, you know.” Tony said, his voice deep and low but sincere.
“He’s a gentle giant, I promise you,” Clint said, taking Tony’s hand and guiding it to the top of Lucky’s head but well away from his mouth. Lucky closed his eye, content with the affection. He moved to settle his bottom on Tony’s foot. “He likes you.”
Clint had gone to the bar only two days last week and this week three. The other days were spent at home. On a few he never even left the bedroom but thankfully on others he made it downstairs and had something to eat.
“Quick, run in there and call Cap,” he told the other guy he was with. “You come with me. I’ll keep ya safe,” he told him, pulling him in the direction of Cap’s building. He took his scarf off and wrapped it around the young kid.
“Clint,” he said, speaking quietly because he a) couldn’t hear his volume and b) wasn’t sure if the men were standing outside listening to his every word. “Who are you?”
Tony sat down on the couch and looked at Steve. How did he start talking about what was bothering him?
Tony hesitated, turning the cup between his hands. He didn’t realize he said anything about the deli until the words left his mouth. Only the deli and the pantry. He could do that. Tony nodded and got up to get the files. Three he placed on Steve’s left side, one in the middle and two on his right. “Your left is no. Middle I’d wanna talk to. Right is yes.” He explained and looked behind himself to Falsworth. “Let’s do it now?“ The man looked at Steve and then nodded.
As per usual, James instructed them to start the meeting and Wesley, Wilson’s second-in-command, took down the minutes as he always did. The one other change to the usual way the meeting was conducted was how much more responsibility James gave Dmitri. No one needed to know why and no one asked why, nor did they pry when Dugan also spoke directly to them. They understood it was better for their health to simply except this shift in dynamic rather than question it.
“A Ford falcon,” Steve said with a knowing grin. “Maybe you could pimp it out. Give us a sunroof or a jacuzzi.”
Steve took the letter out of his pocket as he rode in the elevator, James’ men behind him and Dugan beside him, joining only because he wanted to see Tony even if he had never said as much.
He pulled out his pocket watch and read 5:27pm. He’d gotten there sometime around two in the afternoon. It was Sunday evening and he spent quite a few Sunday evenings with unconscious Tony, periodically getting up to check his pulse and breathing himself.
“It’s your house and your rules. It doesn’t bother me if others drink. Not a fan of drinking for myself,” he stated simply. He also didn’t like what the drinking had done to Howard. Though that had to do with his poor character not the alcohol.
Tony had handed the tablet in his hands to Pepper and led Steve upstairs to his office again, shutting the door and attempting to close the blinds but Steve was already guiding him back until he was sitting on his own desk, Steve standing between his legs kissing him breathless.
“Wrong answer.” Steve snapped his fingers and Jones pushed O’Shea down into a chair, keeping a firm hand on his shoulder so he wouldn’t be going anywhere. Jones’ other hand was on the handle of his gun. “Tony, tell the man what you found.”
Now it was Clint and Clint never let James forget that he needed love and sickly sweet affection and comfort.
,” Sarah told him, holding out the bag. Steve motioned for Falsworth to leave and he did, closing the door. “Come sit and rest.” Steve thought to tell her that resting was the thing Tony was starting to hate by the look on his face but it would be a cold day in hell before he talked back to his mother.
“It’s okay,” he told her, turning and taking her hands. “I told him. It’s like I expected but at least now he knows. Thank you.” He kissed both her cheeks and told her he would see her later.
.” Tony smiled and hugged her back. It was still something he would need to get used to but there were worse things he had gotten used to over the years. “I will,” he promised sincerely and hugged her again. “
Inside the store they didn’t have to wait a single second to be greeted by a man in a beautiful suit, leading them to a more secluded part of the store where they weren’t easily spotted. He offered them water and biscuits immediately, bringing a comfortable chair over for Sarah.
“Do you? Alright then, come on. Tell me my mind, lad.” Her hand had moved from his face to rest on his shoulder and her expression was a little frustrated now, just a little though.
Clint and James excused themselves first, wishing everyone a goodnight and making their way upstairs. It took a little effort to help Clint up the stairs and to the room but they made it and James collapsed onto the bed, Clint beside him after they’d both cleaned themselves up a bit.
“You’re not supposed to eat concrete. There’s so much delicious food! Do you want a cookie we made? Oh, but we’ll have lunch soon. After that?” Tony could hear that his little brother was nervous to talk to someone he didn’t really know and he wondered if Clint noticed it too.
,” Steve complained in Irish when James hung up on him before he could even finish his sentence. He wasn’t really angry with James and he knew they had survived much worse arguments in the past—this was barely an argument to begin with—but still he was annoyed. He ran a hand through his hair, dropping his hands to his hips as he looked over at Tony. “I’m going to go see him in an hour. I won’t be long.”
For a second longer Tony hesitated but decided against asking James anything and closed the door behind him. Inside he helped the nurse with the bandages and holding Steve. He was completely out of it. And when the nurse asked if Tony knew how much morphine he had taken, Tony shrugged. There was a limit, which Steve luckily hadn’t reached yet. It was still enough to keep him sleeping while the nurse was injecting numbing medicine and stitching him up again. It was only then that Tony noticed that he was dressed in his casual wear that he only wore around the house. If that didn’t describe how fast everything went, he didn’t know what would.
“See? I told you he’d come back.” She got up again, even though Tony told her to stay. “I wanted to keep the lass company. Are you joining us for dinner, Virginia?”
“Yes, you did, sir, but to stay?” Tony asked and smiled at the compliment for the coffee. It was strong and smooth, unlike other bitter, weak coffees. That someone like Mr Rogers appreciated it made him smile. “Can I get you anything else?”
“Where’s Steve?” Benni asked Sarah when he got downstairs and found only her at the table. It was set for three and Benni wasn’t sure if she hadn’t been expecting Steve or Tony and then she asked her next question and he figured it out.
When Tony released his wrists, he snatched them back, still glaring. He wanted to be alone but Tony wouldn’t let him be. Again, rational Steve would’ve seen the love in action. This Steve saw it as another attack on him.
“So,” Steve began, taking a risk here but he was curious and nothing if not a little bit competitive, “the worse the company—”
“Anyway, you two apologize for embarrassing my f—my, um, my Sam,” Bucky finished, clearing his throat. Sam lifted his head, despite his embarrassment, to give Bucky a weird look but he wouldn’t meet his eyes.
Loki had upped his security but that still didn’t mean it was capable of keeping Steve or James out, especially not when they worked together.
