How you fit all that..in those kahkis ?
“You thought yourselves rid of Amora the most feared sorceress of the sea…well we shall see what you think of me now.”
Loki doubted she would return to him now, she would likely disappear never to be heard from again. If she did return; she may quietly ask him to take back his gift, maybe if she were honest it would hurt less. It would have been better if she rejected him properly rather than smile in his face and pretend as though she felt the same.
“Hey babe.” James appeared around the corner with a mug of steaming tea, placing a kiss on his cheek before sliding the cup into his hands. “You look good.”
“I have a son…” Thor spoke the words and they felt foreign on his tongue, this wasn’t how he imagined this day. Still, if it was blessed by the Norns then it must be so. “. May I hold him?”
Steve took his shower and god it was totally worth it. In fact he can honestly say he’s never been so thankful for that multi-sprayer  system Tony put in until right now.
“Well, this is a bloody awful sight isn’t it?” She said storming in and snatching the glass form Howard’s trembling hand.
“Ahem…not to ruin this tender moment but there is a matter of payment.” A voice called from on deck.
It made all the sacrifice worth it if he was honest with himself. Sure, he'd like to be with the team, but this was something he never knew he wanted.
Still, there are some that seem to desire the things that others fear, they cultivate it and use it – then.. then we ask ourselves if perception is only one layer to the universe? What if, there is True Evil in this world? Where will you stand?
He wears the sorrow like a fine garment, the hallow of his cheeks and dull black of his untamed curling hair could seem almost beautiful in an ethereal waif sort of way. Yet his eyes are lost, green glassy things that gaze out over the horizon or somewhere just beyond as if searching. Searching for something that will never come.
Steve was there in front of him grabbing his metal hand. “We won't let that happen, you’ll stay here, both of you.”
“Mr. Stark”
This had Tony’s attention. Peter was only 2 when they adopted him, at the time they hadn’t had much luck with conceiving due to the serum. Which made this little one such a miracle. The alpha turned away from his worktable and adjusted the goggles from over his eyes to nesting in his hair. He gave his omega a look that said ‘do you want me to or do you have this one?’
It was an early Thursday morning and Loki was getting ready to leave for the day. Kurt had called him the night before and asked if he might be available to help chaperon a class trip. Apparently, it was career week and they would be accompanying a group of older students to SHIELD. While Loki wasn't exactly wild about the idea of these impressionable minds being guided around Furys' domain, he could appreciate the practical value in it. After all, some of these kids would have a challenging time in the civilian sector. Not to mention they would have other individual who had similar experiences to bond with and the opportunity to make a difference.
With in moments Tony was landing near where Steve was leaning against an old oak. By now, the Captain had tugged off his helmet and leaned forward with his hands on his hips trying to stave off the rolling in his stomach and tightness in his chest. The last thing he wanted to do was throw up again and in-front of Tony to boot. Taking a few deep breaths and closing his eyes against the bright afternoon sun.
It wasn’t long before it was over, before Cho looked up at the pale distraught omega as she held the bloody little bundle in her arms. The silent little bundle, the baby had never taken a breath and by the looks of the child - her faint blue skin, she favored her ‘mother’. Cho carried the tiny body away to try to revive the little girl.
“Steve...we got this” Bucky assures. He knows that since finding out that the twins had a few mild health problems from Steve's genetics. It had taken a toll on the omega but the pack had rallied around the couple and their pups.
Thor: BROTHER ARE YOU NOT PLEASED WITH THE WHIMSICAL RETELLING OF YOUR COPULATION WITH THE STEED????
“The love a father has for his son is much different that the love a mother has.” She continued, “A mother holds her child within her long before that child’s Father. That child learns her voice and feels her presence, Fathers start with a clean slate. Your son must look in your eyes to know you; he must feel your hands and hear your voice when you speak kindly to him.” She smiled and stroked Anthony’s cheek, the little one favoring her with one of his toothless smiles. “He will also know when he is unloved, maybe even more because he has no mother to feel so connect to. All he has is you.”
The omega scowled and cringed curling into him, “I don’t… I don’t… don’t make me…”
Tony got up and moved a seat closer; leaving behind the remnants of the popcorn, he’d been mindlessly snacking on. “Care to share with the class Mr. Rogers?”
It was elegant, and maybe that was the lack of sleep talking but Clint Barton gave no shits! He could not dial fast enough to own this masterpiece of engineering, this panicle of fitness technology.
Mallen grin viciously, “Liar, you won't kill me. You don't have the balls Stark. You're a company man, government whore. You're just like that flag waving idiot. You'll talk big and read me my rights, then SHIELD and its little bugs will take me to some far off lock up. But ya know what's gonna happen?” Mallen laughed to himself, eyes glowing with malice. “I'll get out. And when I do...I. Will. Kill! Everything you love! And make you watch!”
“That's not the point.” The alpha sighed as he pulled into a roadside eatery. This one boasting the
Steve almost felt sorry for them, they were just young soldiers brought into this. They clearly respected Coulson and probably Fury to. They were just following orders. Still they were between him and getting out of here.
Coulson left the meeting feeling apprehensive. There was no reasonable doubt in his mind that Fury couldn't, and potential would go through with the threat. However, that would be contingent on something significant going wrong in the tower. Stark would need to get a handle on his current power, and they would need to pull Loki out of the deepening darkness before the man cracked.
That wasn't true, not that she knew what love really looked like. The honey sweet kiss from her omegas lips, the smell of finely brewed coffee in the hand of an eccentric alpha every morning and the familiar blue eyes of the Captain concentrating on his morning paper, a whole gaggle of pups running through the gym and sparing with people not only your equal but better. Love was finally believing like you deserve it.
“Which part.”
The change had a noticeable difference for both of them. Loki had not seemed too burdened or to be "putting on a brave face" nearly as much.
“Hey, this is your dad. Ya know the guy who provides all that weird food your papa wants. Yeah well, I’ll be honest I don’t know how good I’m going to be when you get here.  I might be busy half the time, I might say things I don’t mean, and sometimes I’m going to royally screw things up. Nevertheless, I want you to know that the one thing I will not do, is forget to tell you everyday how much I love you.  Because my dad didn’t do that and I think, Dads are supposed to do that.  You already have some kinda sort of siblings too that are stoked to see you, maybe when you get a little older of course. Dum-E, You, and Butterfingers, they are a little rambunchous but they mean well. Of course, there’s Jarvis too. He’ll watch out for you, and like a good big brother, he’ll rat you out for stuff. He already rats me out to your papa and your Auntie Pepper. You’ll meet her too; she’s all excited to get you both matching outfits and all that jazz. Although, and don’t tell your pops this. I’ve already custom ordered your first little outfits. You will need the proper gear because Daddy is going to introduce you all the good bands like ACDC, Kansas, and Sabbath.”
Steve thought it was cute.
(This had been instituted by Obadiah, to this day Tony can't take the smell of a cigar with out flinching.)
Could this be a sign of another heat?
The Ai sincerely wanted to but could not.  “I’m sorry Captain but that is currently not possible.”
“Knock knock” Jemma sang as she came to the door with Bruce hold two little bundles. “They are perfect and miss you terribly.”
“There ya go princess, now, which clips do you want?”  Tony asked the little one pulling out the little box of clips.
"Tony Stark...can't be dead."
Title: Spare uniform.
Loki put his hands up. “I'll alert the front desk how is that?”
He was not broken….until spending months in a cave with a car battery hooked to his chest. He was not broken until he saw what his father’s legacy really meant - death and destruction. Terrorist using Stark weapons to kill Americans. The broken bodies of young soldiers, their youthful faces marred with blood and uniforms riddled with bullet holes. Limbs bowl off by bombs bearing the Stark logo.
“We have a head gentlemen! One more Push!”
“NO! I want Papa!” The tantrum erupted and the shrill screaming was too much.
Bruce wasn't an idiot though, which was part of the reason Loki enjoyed his company so much. The man was intelligent and his banter was playful and witty.  He was also familiar with all of the ravenettes tricks by now.
“You would be right, all the meet-ups Mallen takes care of himself. It was never the same guy and since you didn't give us the go ahead to..”
The soldier wanted to flare up, but he didn’t. He didn‘t have the energy for it now, contrary to popular belief the serum did not exempt him from a good nights sleep. Which he had not had in weeks now. “Sorry… just a lot on my mind.”
‘m’ not so fragile..” even so he pressed against the alpha tucking his face against Tony’s neck and enjoying the feel of warm rough hands stroking down his sides. “but…m’ scared too.” It was ok to say it, it was ok because it was Tony.
“What is going on…Jor heel this instance.” Loki remanded the creature, Jormungand hiss and snapped his jaws at the girl before curling around the prince’s tail. The serpent still eyeing the young mer with a measure of distrust.
“I have to ask, am I the only one who feels a little weird about mass genocide?” Sam asked as the group sat on the main deck, drinking and enjoying the sunset.
This would have been a great plan if he could get a stubborn super soldier on board.
Thor did not believe his father’s words, not so much the strategies but that this was just a beast as another. Not as he looked into the monsters large, blood colored eyes there in the garnet pools were nothing but hate festered. The new king did not think this monster to be dull at all. “Guards find all you can and fan to the bests left and right, and someone find my brothers!”
“He is yours, a son Thor, blessed with your eyes. This is our child, a child given to me by the magic of the sea. He is destined to be king one day.” She sobbed and held the babe close, the great oaf would eat up her words hook line and sinker.
After this Tony Would lead the way up the stairs, still not touching or speaking. He could already tell this was going to be a deep drop. It would be better to get Steve someplace manageable first.
Yes, because that was the important part. One upping the other women at court.
They took a moment to reacquaint in the gentler position. Kissing and touching in the quiet, letting the moment warm between. Tony didn’t want this to feel like a ‘means to an end’ for Steve. Bonding was supposed to be intimate as well as functional. He wanted his omega to have a good memory of this moment.
“We have a problem here Coulson. It's not just Thor's unstable baby brother it's Stark too.”
He wandered around the penthouse aimlessly as if walking would somehow leek out the frustration, pausing in front of the nesting room before he even realized were he was.
AN: Some Strong Superior Iron man feels here. Don’t worry though, this will carry for a few chapters possibly. BTW thank you all for your continued support. As an unrelated note, I have started posting new Gamma Frost and Stony as well as a Harry Potter one-shot work, so please check those out if you are interested.
Steve laughed indulgently and pointed with the spatula at the fridge. “ You can get out some veggies and cut them up, carrots, broccoli, and celery. Then pour them each a little cup of ranch dressing.”
That was good, the dent the door… Steve hurt the bastard, at least Tony hoped so. “What do we have on tracking them?”
There wasn't much that could leave Tony Stark speechless, but this... Loki looked bad. He was unwashed and looked as if he hadn't slept or eaten in days. He looked. Like a man who had given up.
Hospitals are always so cold.
Those who cared for him watched, as the promising inventor became known as the merchant of death. With advances in weaponry came threat of War, not all at once but over time. People feared the might of others and Howard was all too ready to be the man to give them what they wanted. All the while Stane counted the money and provided endless women and booze.
“He doesn’t have googly eyes.”
Tony was lucky or unlucky number three. Depends whom you ask, or…whom Jarvis tells.
“Hey there reindeer games, ooo looking a little blue there scarecrow.” Stark's voice calls out, just as robust and annoying as ever.
Midgardian breakfast completely stole my heart! and now I'll never let go.
It didn’t take Stark long to drop everything at that point, “What do you mean? Do you feel ok? Are you in pain?” Tony had practically flown across the room and was now touching all over the baby bump as if he could read its topography for clues. “Are they doing something weird?” He then proceeds to thump the soldiers belly like a melon and listen. Because that was a thing in Tony’s great big brain that somehow sounded plausible.
They left the small room where the Captain had previously been held and entered the narrow hallway. It felt too cramped with its steel walls and floor, their footsteps to loud. Almost as if, the passage way would come alive and crush them. If ominous was, the look Fury was going for then he made it.
“You takin a cab?” James inquired politely, not at all aware of the glob of mayo marring his chin.
You. Do not touch. Tony. Starks. Stuff.
The omega felt his heart fill with fondness as he watched the scene unfolding before him.
Slight of hand.
“You showed your ass to a bunch of nurses by the way. They’re all prolly tweeting about your buns of steel right now.” Stark had to admit he did like the blush that flared over the soldiers fair skin.
“Fine… go back to sleep.” Steve called through the door, strain clear in his voice.
He clung to the omega burying his face in Steve's neck. “I'm trying, I'm trying so hard to fight this thing. Sometimes I can feel it, it's like another person in my head and the things it wants...I don't want that. I want our life, I can't do this alone.”
“She’s right Stark, we’ve got this.”
“I help?” Loki felt the tug on his pants before the little request was voiced. Looking down he spotted Peter. The little pup looked adorable, sporting a wild case of bed head and clinging to his teddy bear.
Loki assured the other omega that he would take care of his eating habits, faking a laugh and slipping behind the safety of a closed door.
I fell so far, I lost myself in the void and perhaps...I didn't even want it back. I committed sin after sin and cared not if i was destroyed along the way. Even wished for it.
Yet as Nick sat there looking at the framed vintage poster circa 1945 of Captain America ‘in memorial’ he had an epiphany.
Howard felt the little bauble hum against his skin. He hoped her words were true but right now, he had to take a chance. Trust her and save his son, or don’t and doom Tony to die.
"It's not that."
Recalling Steve's concerns months ago, Bruce wonders if this is something they all missed. Something they all were too busy to see or worse yet – something they didn't care enough to see. Loki may not have been that forthcoming but still, he had changed over the last couple of years and they all just ignored that.
“I am not him anymore. I can never be a prince of Asgard.” Loki said bitterly
“I didn't. I'm sorry Pepper.”
“Goof…” Steve mumbled noting that the tickets were for a film festival showing of The Wizard of OZ.
Howard followed the sailor’s directions and soon the isle came into view. Now all he had to do what hand the lantern form the ships bow and wait. He had everything valuable he could think of on board since the sailor said sirens frequently like trinkets and some will offer magical objects for them, favors, or treasures from the sea. Howard hopes that such a talisman would mean a cure for his son.
"Home Share protocol has been initiated Dr. Banner."
Loki wanted to go out, they'd all been getting a case of cabin fever for the last week and the last thing anyone wanted was a moody God of mischief. So Bruce was elected ...'
Bruce sighed; he knew Steve was just on edge from the insomnia and fatigue. That Brooklyn attitude was showing through the manners the omega tried so hard to have. Apparently, good old Irish catholic guilt only held back so much aggression for a sleep deprived six-month pregnant omega. Let alone one who was strong enough to toss a car if the mood struck him.
Tony instinctively tried to follow, he was however stopped by Pepper and Phil, the only other omega  seemed to think they were far better suited. “Let me,” Pepper said, more of a command than a suggestion.
"Slut,  war monger, spoiled, out of touch. "
Stark thought about all those random meetings and late night conversations, he wonder what it would have been like if they never had happened. What he would be like right now without Steve Rogers in his life. That was something he didn’t want to imagine because it hurt. Hurt like having the reactor torn out of his chest.
Steve looked down at his Shield, his weapon, his tool…the very symbol of who he was.
Meanwhile it appeared they had forced the beat into a shallow dock where Hulk was having a great time doing some smashing.
“This fucking blows...” The billionaire wheezed, behind the face plate. His knee and hand were on fire and his chest felt like a ton of lead.
Then it all seems so clear, he's always longed-for this hasn't he? Always thought he could be more than this. It was a natural progression wasn't it? Keep up or keep out, he'd toyed with the idea of bio-mech for years but something always held him back.
“Tony?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve and Tony were included to believe him; things were still a little sketchy on Phil’s end. He and Clint may never be where they were, but according to Natasha, the agent had attended Barton’s weekend visitation with his kids. That seemed to go smoothly.
Thor nodded and smiled brightly, “This is good my friends, I also bring news from Asgard.”
Clint came home from his last mission, it was basic …almost boring. Still the plane ride was long and the seats no were near as comfortable as Starks personal Quinjet. Shield needed to get it over with and kiss the billionaires ass cause 14 hours in hard ass seats was not cool.
Steve didn’t say anything when Phil finished. Some were in his all American idealistic brain he couldn’t fathom Tony doing that. He had seen the footage but even then - it wasn’t like this. Not the man who bathed their son, played hide, and seek with Peter and the lab bots. Not the man he married and slept beside at night, that man was warm, funny, and generous.
“No problems, at least nothing physical. I think maybe we have something’s to workout. I… I shouldn’t have assumed the worst after I told you. I’m sure it all came as a shock because I know its been a shock to me.” Steve started, standing awkwardly looking at his hands folded in front of himself with a deep-set frown. “I need to know what you want to do.”
When Steve got back in it was late, he walked into the penthouse and down the hall to the bedroom. Bucky was asleep with Tony curled up on his chest, his metal arm wrapped protectively around the engineers back. Face pressing into Tony's hair as they slept.
Part of the Alpha wanted to be angry, wanted to demand why? Why, when he would have been right there, would have listened, would have done anything for Loki. Why, when Loki could have opened up to him, hell to anyone!?  Then he would look at the one person in this world who knew what hell looked like, who could understand him more than even his best friend and James knew....if their roles reversed, he wouldn't have asked for help either.
Still, Steve thought if it was something serious then Buck would have said so. Could Loki be sick? Thor never got sick, unless your account for the time Clint bet that the other man couldn't eat his weight in Twinkies...that had been an awful mistake.
“So, who wants to start explaining?” Natasha slipped off her sunglasses and latching them onto her shirt. “I’m all ears.”
In the back of his mind though Steve wondered. 'what if she wasn't fine. What if she wasn't here when he came back'
“You feeling ok sugar?”
Steve could have easily resisted, he probably should have if he hoped to be dressed and promptly out of the door, he didn't though. He let his anti- morning husband tug him back down into a nest of warm sheets that still smelled heady with the activities from the previous night. Letting Tony have his way was easier sometimes, and maybe...just maybe a tiny bit of the omegas hindbrain liked that his mate wanted to keep him in bed. Considering the conversation, they had the night before there was a high probability they would be spending a lot more time in the bed or nesting room anyway.
Cap: Stark is everything ok? Your flying a little odd
He couldn't even have peace now because that foolish Stark seemed to take it on himself to check in on Loki. One would think the man of iron would hate him, overall.
It wasn’t that Steve did these things to cause himself trouble, he  just hadn’t felt hungry at all. Also Tony wasn’t there to eat with him, while he didn’t want to admit it - he missed the alpha and found his appetite lessen with out the other mans presence.
Then they brought the knives, Steve could sense they were getting nervous. Whomever they were working for wanted answers and they seemed to know they didn’t have much time.
One of the long limbs slung out and swatted the armor, sending it plummeting into the water.
Simmons was not laughing, “No, actually I  wanted to make sure that you both understand the risks associated with Mr. Rogers’s unique physiology.”
“No one will ever care for you as I do.” She would say to him, cradling his face in her hands. Dangerous sharp claws stroking back through his midnight hair. “None of them respect you, none of them trust you. But I do, and you trust me don’t you my love?”
"You know... it's rude not so look at someone when you say hello..Sir."
“As for as Nicks concerned I’m sure it did, with you back in the picture he had to secure his interests. You woke up early and compromised his end game.” she replied taking another sip of her drink.
At the end of their little getaway Steve would tell Tony how much the little gesture meant, and how much he loved him for it. This thing between them was different but it was solid. Tony could not have cared less what anyone might say because he felt like he had everything he'd ever wanted in Steve, a partner, a lover, a friend, and a sweet baby that needed him.
“Stark wake up! Tony come on man! COME ON! ” that was Barnes shouting so damn loud, placing a steady pressure on his chest. He reaches out for it and tries to open his eyes. “I can't do this on my own Tony. You don't give up! You fight that shit you hear me! We got a mission to finish soldier! ”
“The captain seems to be experiencing higher than normal body temperature, fatigue and anxiety. His hormone output is also elevated.”
“Looks who’s back from god land!”
“Hey Steve, look at me.”
“Sorry Buck seems like two against one, it’s ok lucky for you I have a soft spot for trouble makers.” Steve smiled letting Natasha run up his arm and settle on his shoulder. He held out his hands for the other two, Same perching on his knee and Bucky standing on his hind legs in Steve’s palm demanding attention.
Just when the soldier thought the world was turning to putty, his husband pulled back with a wet pop. “Get the lube babe.”
The inventor’s arms flexed and nostrils flared, “No it won’t. But ya know what it will do? It will make sure that no one else feels like this.”
Steve was surprised when nothing happened, after a few heartbeats between them Tony took Steve’s hand and closed his eyes. The billionaire muttered, “go to sleep” and scooted closer.  The omega adjusted and welcomed the other man’s presence they just slept and it was perfect. He could honestly say it was the best night of sleep he had in…well ever really.
Maybe it was the weeks following the nearly mortal injury Loki had received protecting his brother, and his subsequent exile. They all wearily watched as a too pale too quiet former villain turned down in the glowing light of the rainbow bridge and just...skulked off with out saying a word. 'He just needs time.' Thor had said.
“What do you think about when you rub your clit Stevie?”
“Careful pretty boy. Some one might think something, come in here find you flat on your back like this.” Barnes purred into the nobles ear when he had Loki pinned.
Steve glares at the tiles below him through tear filled eyes. “This isn't...it can't … no. It's not....” He doesn't even know how he got down here but he is. Then there's Bruce at his side and surprisingly – Loki is there too. Concerned eyes and helping hands trying to hold him up but those aren't the hands he wants. The rough hands of his alpha that can turn to satin. That’s what he needs, the reassurance that this is just a bad dream. He pinches his eyes shut and sends up a silent prayer that this is a nightmare. ‘
Try as he might there were things even Loki couldn't hide.
James knew all about perception, how it could be sharpened or dulled, how effortlessly truth could be twisted into a lie. And time? Well, time was whatever the men in the snappy suits said it was worth. That was one thing that had been true back in 38 that was still true today. Some things never change and that's not always a good thing.
Steve really didn’t want to go but Tony had a point. He felt gross and was pretty sure he had a little spit up in his hair. “Fine, but just… he’s sleeping but he tends to wake up every now and then and..”
“How is he?”
That was another key reason he wanted to help Loki. He knew better than most what it was like to be your own worst enemy. Even before the accident he hadn't been the happiest of people. Bruce had been shy at best and a shut in at worst. It was just hard to relate to people when you had an IQ that was off the charts and your hobbies included nuclear biology and trying to avoid talking about your childhood PTSD.
__________________________
The least likely of partnerships had proved to be the most powerful. Steve would tell anyone that his Alpha could annoy him to no end and that yes – he did want to ring Tony's neck more than once during a mission did. Even so, there wasn't anyone else he would want to be shoulder to shoulder with in the worst of times. Not just because of how Tony fought, or how much firepower the suit provided. None of that could compare to the Why, the reason Stark suited up and shipped out was everything they had built together. It wasn't just a sense of duty or patriotism. All those wonderful things that Steve's so used to saying for the cameras. It was their kids, their pack. This little family they had cobbled together out of a bunch of crazy misfits.
“Why do you have to throw that in my face? You tell me to be smarter than my peers, tell me to care more about learning than about going out and being some warrior or hunter. Then when I do it it’s, ‘Anthony why can’t you act properly’ ‘Anthony don’t be so loud’ ‘Anthony how can you be so reckless', is my middle name 'Stop-that-this -instant'? I’m starting to think it is.”
“Jesus Christ” Bruce mumbled from behind his hands. “He’s going to hate us after this you know that right?”
There was nothing but static and. Heavy breathing?  Tony tried not to worry but the lack of snappy sarcasm was troubling. “Steve…Steve where are you?” The silence was deafening, with nothing there to reassure him that all was well other than a few huffs of breath and was that dry heaves?  Stark’s brain was already conjuring up ideas that grew darker and viler by the second. What if this had all been an elaborate plot, a scheme to separate Steve from the group and what? The alpha felt his heart rate double. “Steve answer me!”
“Oh I’m sure you did, but now I’m here so off you pop.” She smiled, her red lips doing little to belie the threat in her tone. She was not above slapping this self entitled pig right in the face.
“Mr. Stark.” Steve said and stood up as the older man entered the room, his other fellows - with the exception of Natasha, also stood.
“Look… I know we have…already done a lot but I just want to take things slow for now. I’m sorry.” Steve really hopped the alpha wouldn’t take offense because he honestly wanted to go farther. Damn he wanted that, but the little voice in the back of his head with a subtle Irish lit kept saying ‘if ya give’m the milk for free they’ll never buy the cow’.
“Pepper and Bruce have all the kids on the common floor since it’s closest to the command office. Natasha is in there keeping in touch with Clint since he's back up support for now. I wish Sam or Thor were available, it would make me feel a lot better.” Steve said motioning off to a hallway just beside the kitchen.
Stark had woken up after seven days in a coma. They still did not know the extent of the damage and there had been murmurs of 'brain damage' and 'possible spinal injury'. It wasn't good but at least he was alive.
Tony also found he enjoyed the pleasant warmth being around Steve brought, it was something he’d always liked in a literal sense - Steve’s body temperature was a lot higher than normal. Now it was more metaphorical, in the last few weeks Tony had also noticed that he could pick up on Steve’s scent much more keenly that before. He didn’t mention it of course, not wanting to make Rogers feel uncomfortable. It was something they had been expecting, Tony did tell Bruce though  who attributed the phenomenon in part to Tony’s Alpha nose and to Steve feeling safe. Less stress- more o-estrogen = higher pheromone production.
Tony lied, he was a liar… he left Peter with Barton of all people…but maybe because Clint got it. Clint hadn’t said much during that little last supper intervention the rest of them had staged. The archer knew what it was like to lose someone you love. Clint knew what it was like to have to live with a ghost, and he didn’t say a word when Tony stopped by his apartment with Peter. He never tried to stop Tony when he left Clint just said. “I hope you know what you’re doing.” and that was all.
From that day on, Tony was no longer left with servants to care for him. It wasn’t always easy, yet the prince was determined to show everyone that he was more than a trickster and a liar. He was more than the fool who had fallen for Amora.
Tony was grinning like the cat that ate the canary the whole ride, his inner alpha purring with delight at seeing an omega take comfort in something of his design. Call it old fashioned but this was like bringing home the buffalo - or as close to it as Tony would come because while he did love Uncle Ted’s sweet guitar riffs, he did not share the outdoorsman trait.
Later Phil gave a similar talk, which included visual aid. There really is something to be said about receiving an email PowerPoint titled
“Yeah,” Tony crossed his arms, “And Uncle Thor is getting married soon, and then Jane will have a whole load of pups and then I’m off the hook.”
“We got ice cream, then watched a movie 'bout ponies, then we had dinner and Unca Loki le'me have a big girl cup and I didn't spill or nothing! And today we had breakfast and I got eggs with cheese and then Unca James le'me ride Duchess. Did you see papa? Did you see?”
“Steve if you need help just asks.”  Bruce said as he winced at the captains strained posture. It was not unusual to see Stark rubbing the omegas lower back while the pair watched a movie in the common room. However, with Iron man in the field Steve was not about to ask anyone else to do such an intimate thing. Bruce understood, he wasn’t particularly touchy feely himself. On the other had, they were a pack, its what families did. Especially for an expectant omega.
Steve walked down to the workshop to find the windows tinted music blasting some melancholic pop ballad, it made his lips twitch fondly. He didn’t need to see Tony to guess what he must be doing in there. Probably laying on that ratty old sofa with on arm over his eyes and the bots beeping sadly. Dum-E was more than likely beside himself. It was almost comical how Steve could picture it all in his mind by now.
“Stark…do not test me.”
“What did you just say?” Loki poked his head in, already downing the high curved horns of his own helm.
Barnes didn't seem to mind, saying as much as he sat down in an adjacent chair. He didn't have the look of a man with something to hide, then again – Bruce thought Darkly – Neither did his father.
“Good morning Loki.” Bruce smiled and greeted as he walked in laying down what he considered a peaceful activity on the kitchen table. The coloring books had been Steve's idea, after the blond had seen them in a shop a few months ago; he had managed to get nearly everyone in the tower to engage in the activity. It was calming and simple; Bruce had to admit he had had some enlightening conversations over a pile of colorful ink pens and pages of mandala patterns. He just hoped they would have the same desired affect today on Loki.
That was good; Tony either didn’t think about writing out that bit of protocol or subconsciously didn’t want to. It was a good sign. It meant there was a possibility he might be able to end this peaceably.
“Wonderful. Do you think?” Steve hesitated, he knew it was excessively soon to tell. They wouldn't know at least for another few weeks at best.
Steve gulped and closed his eyes. “I’m wet for you Bucky, you make me so wet.”
"Don't have to do this. You know?" Tony said looking at the floor while Bucky undressed him. "M'not even ...that dirty, can't even. Go to ... to the workshop. Can wait till ..Steve comes home." Tony grimaced a little, his speech was better these days but it was still a long way from his usual rapid-fire linguistics.
Steve’s blue eyes widened at the implication… “James you don’t want me…you should settle down with a nice beta girl or …or even a better,  another omega when you can. I’m…well I mean look at me.”
Phil came home with the expectation that his husband would have actually unpacked the items he ordered for there new apartment. Alas, the agent returned to find the coat wrack still in its box along with parts of the Ikea book case-sans shelves, and the curtain rod for the guest bathroom in pieces.
Everyone just giggled and grinned letting the young royal go off on a tangent as they returned to the palace.
“No. It can’t. This isn’t real.”
"I say...pick me up at 8."
Steve showed up later in his boots, some spare fatigue pants and with the promise they would go home and Tony would never do laundry again.
“Stark knows what he’s doing, “Steve said slipping the helmet on and shield into the holster at his back. “We may not know what down here but I know we have what it takes to get this job done, I have never fought with a finer crew and we have had success in the past with far less of a technical advantage.”
Natasha reaches over speaking softly in Russian, it's enough to bring him out of the memory.
“Piotr is fiercely protective.” The professor says thoughtfully. “How have things been over here Anthony?”
No one came forward to stop her, no one even noticed until she came to court on the arm of the raven-haired prince. Even then it was little more than murmuring of how the two of them deserved one another with their shriveled hearts. The only one who seemed to look down at the pair was the Queen - Frigga.
It was a quarter to five in the afternoon on a Thursday when Tony Stark realized his whole world was about to change. It occurred to him vaguely that his children’s Birthday would be just a week before his; this had to be the best present ever.
Maybe Loki was ready to give up or just too tired to care. Either way the glamour dropped.
Steve's voice drew the pair’s attention and Peters little head poked up over the pages. “Papa!”
CACAW MUTHA FUCKAS!
Tony smiled and shifted Peter in his lap to lay down on the sofa with the child. “I’m getting over an emotional crisis, sue me if my humor isn’t top form. Now lay down Blondie it’s nap time.”
That for the first time when she said- “I love you’, it would be real.
Stark fell stumbled back and soon took boot to the chest. The he tumbled backward and down a short embankment. The not-Steve coming down after him. He held up the gauntlets to fire but then the shield struck again. Looking up at the shining scorch and scratch covered red white and blue forces a sob from his throat.  “No… just…..just kill me already! Stop looking like him, stop using that fucking shield!”
Simmons looked on painfully, “I’m sorry…”
“Sir yes sir.”  Tony stripped faster than anyone he’d ever seen.
He took off the helmet and looked down at the beast he’d made himself into, ‘It’s going to finally be finished babe, everything that you worked so hard for. Then I’m done – then I’ll come home.”
AN: Ok so…I’m not an omega Tony fan, but with this trio I can be. It’s basically my only exception cause come one..is anything cuter than the super soldier sandwich? I think not. So enjoy some rotting fluff!
Steve woke to find something warm and ..furry?  Resting just beside his hand, blinking his tired eyes it was easy to recognize Shields infirmary. What was also very recognizable was the mess of brown hair beginning to go grey at the temples. He smiled and carded his fingers through the locks, the motion waking its owner.
Phil shook his head and grinned at the chatter before raising his weapon and taking out a few on coming androids. “Well Mac, it's the way of the future isn't it.” “Fits, how’s the traffic cam's look?”
The brunette scientist can only laugh and smilingly shake her head. “Yeah, I figured that by the thunder and lightning in the middle of a sunny day. Oh, or by how the complex shook uncontrollably when you landed on the roof.”
"I'm tellin ya it's true. Ya find one and fer the right trade they'll grant ya a wish. Hand to God!" The redhead claims as he crosses himself as if the simple gesture would make his words gospel.
“Alright, come on.” The alpha said helping him to his feet. Looking around Natasha and Clint were already there cuffing Bucky and holding the soldier up between them.
Steve woke with a start, his hands flying to the bedside table and switching on the light. He sat up and saw …nothing, he was a little sweaty but other wise just as he had been upon going to sleep. The twins jostled and kicked unhappily at their omega’s discomfort.
Not to mention, Tony felt like a bug under glass, Steve deserved someone on the same level. He would never be able to gather the omega in his arms and carry him - unless he had the suit on. He would not be able to make Steve feel sheltered and protected. Hell, he had problems on his own that Steve didn’t need to have to deal with. Not with all the worries weighing on the soldier, right now. Still, Barnes was dangerous and Tony couldn’t just stand by and watch Steve get hurt.
Even Bruce had to admit it was a lot worse than historical reports containing  the ‘lore of Captain America’. In which - most vaguely described Steve as ‘thin’ and ‘immune deficient’. Somehow that didn’t begin to cover the laundry list of illnesses Steve had suffered in his first 24 years of life.
“Spread your legs for me honey. Yeah just like that, up on your knees a little beautiful.” Tony said trailing finger tips down the backs of Steve’s thighs.  Rough hands palming and spreading him even more.
Steve sniffed and wiped at his mouth, he was not going to cry damn it. “Yeah well, that jerk better come home then so he can see his little nieces or nephews.”
“If your wondering.” Kurt said softly. “It was worth it Loki. You would make a wonderful parent to a child. You have so much love in you that I can see just under the surface. I know you like to pretend you don't.”
“Tony m’not…”
“Of course you do dear. I am very lovable.” Loki smirked, taking Bruce's hands to place around where their child resided. “We love you as well.”
“Ready Sir.”
“No, you will be better.”
Tony just held on tighter as the Pepper and Natasha put their arms around the man.
Loki's eyes were shining brightly “ They would like for us to come and see him.”
The blonde was struggling with how to phrase this and Loki was pained just watching the man floundering over the invitation. “Far be it for me to disappoint them hmm?”  Loki waved a hand as his formal garments melted and shimmered out of view. He had wanted to look strong for James.  The illusion cast away to show a simple lose fitting shirt stolen from his alpha’s side of the wardrobe and black trousers.
“I don’t snore.”
“Calm down let me just go see if their awake ok? Why don’t we turn on your cartoons and wait?” Bruce spoke trying to calm down a likely fidgeting child.
“How ya doing Ghost Pirate, down in Miami will all the other retired killers and Spy friends drinking sangria and watching golden girls?”
The two feel into a companionable silence as they prepared lunch for themselves and the twins. Tony looked over his shoulders at the kitchen table as Wendy squealed in delight.
Tony was still so young then, so happy to hold his father’s hand and see all the exhibits. Then they would stop at the center of the room called “Hall of Heroes” right there in the center was the display devoted to Captain America and The howling commandos. Tony’s eyes would light up and his father would lift the little boy on his hip and point to the case and whisper.
She picked this place because it was quiet and upper crust, the sad irony that Stark still owned his family’s old estate in Fieldstone not far from here- not that Stark had been there in ages. Or even been seen in days.
Beck shook his head at first but then the gauntlet began to tighten around his throat. “Y-Yes! I-I’m Sorry!”
The alpha came closer with a dirty smirk forming on his lips, “Trust me doll, I ain’t no killjoy. In fact, if ya like I can give you something else to work with.”
Ever since the project Steve had an unspoken terror that one day, he would wake up and go back to the way he was. Useless and weak, days spent in sick beds watching the world pass by. He couldn’t go back to that, refused to go back to that. He’d fight with every once of strength he had left and if one day it failed. Even the he’d just keep on fighting, no mater how his body protested he would still push as far as he needed to get the job done. Until he dropped for good, until he really couldn’t struggle up on thin shaking legs, drag busted knuckles under an equally busted nose, and mutter those words… ‘I can do this all day.’
When Tony walked into the bedroom, he was welcomed by the low amber light and his AI’s voice reading in a kind voice unlike he’d ever heard personally. It was in times like this he wondered if Jarvis was just lines of code or if something special had happened along the way. Because only something with a true soul could read a children’s book to a grown man so sincerely.
Now if only they could all find a better answer sooner rather than later.
Steve moved to take Tony’s face in his hands. “No, don’t you ever say that Tony. You are not your father, things happened but that doesn’t mean that they have to stay that way. You’re a fighter babe, our son is just like you and I love you both. Whatever Peter needs we will face that ok?”
“Doll, I know you might not understand it but I have to do this ok. I am about to go out and I just wanted to talk to you-” His words were cut as Loki snapped a reply.
The song “Where we land - by Ed Sheeran” inspires this story I do not own avengers/its character or anything like that…if I did, Stony would be cannon. (with more  fuckin...just sayin)  This purely for entertainment purposes so enjoy. In addition, comments are welcomed, hate is not. I do not have a beta, (nor want one) so just try to overlook errors and not be a snot about any you do find. If you do not like these themes then do not read it ^_^
“You’re not so bad Robocop.”
The sound of a chair clattering to the floor filled the meeting room without warning when the image cleared. Tony could scent the sour scent of fear wafting off Barnes and the burning of ire and pain from his own omega. Steve was on his feet, his face drained of color. Out of instinct Tony reached for him even when he knew not to touch. Steve jerked away from the wandering fingers.
The captain slipped around the corners following closely, “What about my shield?”
Omegas were scary.
In retrospect, Tony should have taken a breather and really thought about this. He didn't though because all that long lovely neck and green bedroom eyes made thinking a little too difficult. Which brought him to his current quandary.
“Stress reaction,” the beta had said.
"Oh my sweet boy. None of that, not for me. I'm not afraid and I'll always be watching you my baby. Come here now let mama hold you" she said, holding the whimpering boy to her side. "You have been my joy and I don't regret a moment of being your mother. You're going to be a great man one day Steven. I just know it."
“Mother…”
"Thor is not my father. If I had to call anyone Daddy...Mr. Stark. I think I'd rather it be you."
“You said, ‘I have never loved anyone or anything the way I love you, if ever anyone says I don’t have a heart their wrong…because its you.’ and I said  ‘ then I better be more careful, …”
Then there was his sweet spidey. His baby boy looked so tired and sick that it broke his heart.  He would have never dreamed that something like this could happen. Peter put the doctor slip in his hands and asked him not to be upset.
I have arrows for everything.
“MR. BARNES!!!”A small group of children ranging in age from eight to 13 cheered as Loki steeped into the main courtyard. Having been out on sick leave for a while now; his students are thrilled to see him. Before long, the little group had gathered around their missed teacher.
Ok so, I know it’s been a min. BUT! This was a lot to write (srsly...longs as fuck) and I got shit to do, but yeah here it is! *wink wink nudge nudge* There will be sexy times  in this one, and more of my fake science.. well not all of its fake its just re-appropriated and bastardized for my purposes here. ANYWAY! I hope you enjoy this chapter and its all the steamy love that you have been waiting chapters for! As a side note to that, I was listening to a few songs while I was porning up this fic, lol. My musical inspiration for those scenes are as follows, feel free to check these out or let one roll in the background with you read. 1. Forevermore -by: Broken Iris, 2. Gorgeous- By X Ambassadors, 3. Lay me down - By Sam Smith.
If only that were true. Maybe for some people it is. Some who do not constantly measure themselves by the worth given to them by others.
Loki feels
Loki couldn’t help but weep; it was as if something inside him that had been holding so tightly snapped under the pressure. “It is my fault… I was not strong enough, I was …I was not enough.”
The omega shifted foot to foot, looking out at the living room where Loki and Pepper were entertaining the pups. “Yeah.” Steve agreed with an uneasy smile. He wanted to believe that but in the back of his mind something was just poking at him. That unearthly tingle along your spine that made the hairs on the back of your neck stand at attention. Something wasn't right and he hated like this. Moving away from the stove to allow Bruce to take control for a while, “You're right. I just have a bad feeling ya know? I've had it all morning and no matter what I do I just can't shake it.”
Bruce handed over the steaming cup of tea into Loki’s lightly trembling hands. The man looked even thinner than the day before, Bruce wished he knew what was going on, it was like Loki was giving up on life and his body was simply responding in kind.  “have you ever thought of a traditional pet, like a dog or cat? I had a ferret when I was a kid. I know you love Duchess but in the mean time I’m sure Tony wouldn’t mind a kitten or a puppy in the tower.”
Steve walked around the dead beast and final found a note speared into its side. Poor Natasha had been fairly confused and woken them up upon discovering the creature. "Um...Well I know who it's from. You are not going to believe it."
The unseen scan is painless, and James sits at his side during the more invasive procedures.
That hadn't happened for a while now
“I got that reference,” Steve mumbled around a mouthful of his monster sandwich.
The little one eventually screamed himself horse and left only pitiable little hiccups against her breast. She was not his and perhaps he knew it.
“I’m…Omega.”
“I assume, if the condition was favorable… he’ll go into heat.  Unfortunately, I can’t say if it would be safe or not.”
“Better, I think Alicia is working reception today. She's a good kid, big fan of yours so if she blushes don't be to mean okay? I mean it shouldn't be to bad as when she met Steve, thought she was gonna pass out.”
“What?” It's so frustrating that Tony looks like he hasn't even heard him.
“I…” Tony seemed to choke on the words as his eyes filled with tears. He couldn’t look at Steve because every time he did he saw that long black casket draped with a flag. He could feel the blood on his hands; he could see Peters face begging him not to leave… “What have I done…?”
Wiggle wiggle wiggle...XD"
Cold metal warmed against his skin as the soldiers hand rubbed slowly over his chest and stomach. “It wasn’t you babe, it just happened… I love you so much and I know you loved her, it just happened and it no ones fault.”
“Loki” Wagner called out.  There was the barest of flinch in the proud man’s shoulders.
Silence...utter painful silence.. Stark sorted and pined his grin tight to hold back what must have been a loud guffaw judging by the red hue of the mans cheeks.
“I won’t tell you again Nicholas.” Tony slipped on the gauntlet. This wasn’t a threat it was a promise.
Bucky did take, and not just that night but again later. When the liquor wore off and he cornered his young friend whispering in his ear - “its ok babe, its ok. Be good girl for me sweetie and go rouge your lips. I love when my girl has pretty red lips.”
This age might have been more accepting, time had changed things but it never got a chance to change Steve. His fears and his worries were still trapped all those years ago, long before he had the strength to defend himself. He didn’t have the empowerment of today’s omegas. He didn’t have a lot when it came to this time.
Every which way she turned this in her head it felt wrong.
“Bruce I swear to God you’re a bro but I will come over there and…” Tony started but was put off by his fellow scientist’s broad smile. It must not be anything bad but still.
He had to keep his head up just a bit longer; it would get better the way Kurt said. He would get over it and maybe then, when looking in the mirror didn't hurt so much he could tell James. Look him in the eye and tell him how sorry he was.
Pepper cut in “Thor isn't a fan of exams either, or really anyone around here. I'm sure everything's fine. I mean...this is Loki – right?”
It was then when Steve could quietly reflect on the past few days. It had been wonderful, but there was one thing…
Nothing in the first books was even remotely useful. The only medical text available seemed less like a study in anatomy as it did a zoological autopsy. Despite how disturbing it was to construe and face the full color diagrams of dissected Jotnar- it was however informative. The author had done an advanced field study before '
Steve wanted to sink down in his seat; he didn’t though because he was Captain America damnit!
Maybe that was the real problem, they were looking at this like something they were doing for Barnes, as if it was a chore to grin and bear. The only person who genuinely wanted to give Loki a chance had been Steve and maybe Bruce to some extent.
The place had been armed to the teeth, but it wasn’t the Avengers hadn’t dealt with both separately or as one. For Steve it felt good to be back in the thick of it. Calling out orders over the coms as easily as it ever had been, having the team follow him with out question.
Gently probing the omegas thoughts during conversation seemed far easier than it was in the past. Loki had none of his previous defenses. It was staggering to be able to read the ravenette like an open book.
The omega’s words where sluggish and to be honest, Stark was a little concerned about that. “You ok honey? You looked a little loopy. I need you to talk to me and let me know you’re hanging in there ok?”
Tony saw the word; he understood it... It was just believing it that was the problem. Brown eyes flitted up to the photograph again; it made sense visually. Of course, this Steve was an Omega, but then could the serum have changed him that much? The answer was on the post serum work up.
“Stebb..” Tony’s groggy voice asked, his glasses where askew and lines from the blankets stood out across his face.
Tony stood there and held those talented hands, “I hear you sweetheart but you need to trust me on this one. I've got this.”
While the battle it self wasn’t terribly taxing, Steve had found himself reacting a bit slower during the actual fighting. So much so, that he’d taken a couple of hits to the chest and back.
Loki is bedridden for days following the ill-advised heat. Receiving care for his weakened body is one thing but his mind is another, for that there is no easy fix and even with a small victory of the ravenette finally getting up – it isn't hard too see they are in no way out of the woods. Loki moves silently like a ghost, he does not speak unless spoken to and those replies are somber and short at best. The omega dose not bother to hide himself with illusions any longer and anyone can see the suffering as plain as day.
Sitting here in the rumble marinating in his own filth, Tony wondered if he could have made it. He decided quickly that No, he was not like Howard, Steve, or Bucky. He would have made a terrible soldier. Assassin though? Yeah maybe he could have been that. Now that he looked around at the bodies added to his name.
The omegas of the house smiled in agreement that this was a move in right direction. Though Pepper did give her employer a stern talking to in the form of a - ‘don’t break Captain America’ speech.
Tony leaned back in his chair and pinched the bridge of his nose, he was getting to old for this shit. It seemed like that was becoming his new mantra ever since the grey in his hair was threatening to put down the deep brown."I don't want to know what you did and you need to leave. I know for a fact Thor has you on curfew."
They had been trying to break down society, in an attempt to bring forth their new world order. They had ties to the organization AIM, or what was left of it. A small group of hackers and scientists  from the fallen group had joined with the Avenger’s oldest  enemies to perfect a plan and unleash chaos. They would show the world how their governments could not protect them. How ‘heroes’ where little more than puppets to the establishment. Hydra and AIM would then offer a new alternative, they would offer power and protection. All the while brainwashing the masses.
She had a point, but was Tony worth the risk? Would Steve end up blaming him when all of this blew up in their faces. “I don’t know what to do Pep.”
Thor found him, that hadn't been the intention at all. Loki had intended a quiet exit into oblivion but then again there was his brother botching things up for him yet again.
Steve sat forward and rubbed his palms over his knees, was he ready for this?
“Oh shit Steve, fuck… are you really purring now? Is it Christmas…this feels like Christmas…?” Tony groaned rubbing a hand up and down the omegas chest. The fever had eased off and Steve’s scent was growing sweeter and heady by the moment.
Even now over 70 years later, he wondered why he just couldn’t be normal, why the serum couldn’t have made him a whole alpha or even a beta. Why this? It hurt his as much as his malformed lower body.
He places a hand on the darkened glass and took a breath, “Jarvis, can you let me in?”
“It might not be …but why is there unless there’s something else there?” Steve questions himself silently. Damning the itch in the back of his brain that had the blond leaning over the rail to listen to the distant sounds of a beast, a beast that was…. attacking? But what?
You had me from "Bacon"
What the young mer did not know was the blast was cause as the gem in his chest went wild inside its host. The magic Amora used and the original force of Loki’s magic inside of it at war over whether to protect its host or destroy it. Tony in his weekend state tries to get away, he flounders hopelessly in the water half wanting to help Darcy, half afraid of what had just transpired. The grotesque horror from injuring his friend plane on his gaunt face.
The coppery smell never left, the tingling of his raw skin calling out to the atmosphere for protection only mimicked the longing for a touch that would never come. A comfort of strong arms and a steady voice that was just distant memory. A memory that was also twisting into nightmares. There were nights when he would see Steve standing at the foot of the bed - blood bubbling out of his moth and reaching out. Tony would shoot up screaming with the lingering disembodied words of his husband’s broken voice ‘you weren’t there when I needed you.’
An- cause I feel things and this is safe.
They were supposed to go to the tower today to pick up Peter and Wendy. Having promised not only the children, but also the little ones parents, to take them out for ice cream. It had become a sort of tradition that once a month the kids would have a special play date with their uncles and spend the night. This would give their parents some much needed alone time.  Not that the two avengers were short on babysitters by any means, it was just that the rest of the pack was all under one roof and it was too easy to give into tearful little faces who wanted 'papa or  daddy'. It was also far too easy for Steve to check on the twins – which basically defeated the purpose of a planned date night.
“I’m afraid I cannot Sir.”
“No!” Barnes groused, “Her having the baby.”
Steve’s hand gently slid into his alphas, “I love you.”
So this is from the last episode, it seemed like y’all just loved all the ideas so I’m just going to do them all!   #10 -Change all the dates in the tower to read 2233 and convince Steve he took a nap for 217 years and everyone is a robot now.
Laying down the moniker of iron man was challenging. Tony wouldn't lie and say it wasn't. It was one of the most difficult choices he had ever made. He tried before and could not stick with it for very long, there had always been something to pull him back into the fray. He couldn't do it when Pepper begged him, when he lost his home and nearly his own life.
Placing his finger tips on the cool glass of the passenger window; Loki remembered something else – he wasn't a hideous monster, because if he was then the children at the academy would be monsters. Kurt and the other mutants never asked for what happened to them, they didn't even have many others that looked like them. Loki came from a people – A whole world like him. No mater what the Asgardian histories said -he was not some unknown beast hiding below children's beds. He was just...different, the same way Bruce was different, and Stark and Steve. His impromptu pack was not like anyone and yet...they managed.
“Yeah you’re right…”
The farther Loki tried to go the more persistent Wagner proved to be. “Why? Why are you doing this?” He said finally, turning around to confront the other once they were out of student earshot. “Do I appear to require pity from you? I can assure you that whatever mission of good faith you think you are on it is both unneeded and unwanted.”
The table went quiet for a moment before Natasha spoke up, “Before I might have believed you, but now it’s different. He isn’t who he used to be Steve. He attacked Rhodes not 48 hours ago, almost killed him.”
“Yeah, tired old robo cop out.” Tony smirked stepping in to wrap his arms around this mates waste. The little ones finnaly relenquishing their hold with a loud 'eww parents are gross'.
“Tony...What’s going on?”
“What!” Barton squawked at his omega.
“Let’s call it practice.”
“They just want us to know; now we do. That doesn’t mean anything is for sure…hell, I should have never made it this long with all my questionable life choices- but I have, and look at you. We are the epitome of underdog success and this kid is gonna is going to be the best of both of us. Smart and devilishly handsome like me, and strong with the biggest heart and sharpest sass just like you. If anything we should be worried more about all the hearts our little boy or girl is gonna break.  Cause you know what they say right? They are twice as bad as you. I pity Barton when his kids hit that pre teen phase, we may have tiny archery fiends running wild.”
What if the avengers were centerfolds....your welcome. :)
Positive thinking and all that, believe it and it shall be.
“Exactly what do you mean by more?” Tony said, picking up a rag from his workstation and wiping at the oil on his face. The stench of motor fluids was starting to give him a headache. As they say though, there’s no rest for the wicked. In addition to the now Scifi Washer,  Fury was looking to outfit some of his agent’s personal cars and transport vehicles with some new toys, and of course, the duty fell to Tony. He had been working for the last day and a half trying to figure out how to load several SUV’s down with some heavy-duty tactical equipment as well as defensive measures. All the while trying to avoid weighing down the frame and affecting over all handling and performance. Apparently on a ‘break’ he’d gone up to toss a shirt in the wash and became preoccupied with that impromptu  project.
Steve looked up hearing the voice, this Tony looked so real. “Oh god… Oh no, please.” He choked out staggering to his feet. He just kept thinking about how alone he was all over again. There were all dead. Everyone, just like before. They all left him and now he was alone again. The man out of time, would this just keep happening? Would he never know what it felt like to grow old or die? Had the serum done more than turn him into the ultimate soldier? Had it made him a monster as well?
“James Buchanan Barnes have been paying attention at all to our lives? We have Victor Von dick-face making killer toasters and shit, alien overlords, monsters, crazy androids, Nazis, and I'm pretty sure last month there was radioactive beanie babies. SHIELD NEVER HAS IT!”
Alright perhaps it was a confusion of terms..or maybe just his hair, although Thor had long hair and he was sure the child never called him 'lady' then again Thor was rather grizzled  and not many women have facial hair by choice.  "Can you  you say Loki?"
“Captain Rogers, are you well? My sensors have indicated a fluctuation in your vital signs….Captain Rogers?”
Steve turned around sliding sandwiches on plates. “You won what baby?”
Steve shook his head, “Everything’s a sex joke to you isn’t?”
Always in shadow. (Loki)
Yet Avengers Tower was not the Palace of Asgard, and it most definitely was not his home. Loki dearly began missing the cabins silence. He longed ardently to go for leisurely walks through the moonlit woods and feel the breeze dancing through the magnificently lofty trees. The crisp clean scent of fragrant pine and wild flowers in the spring. It may not have been the lush and exotic sights of the various realms he'd traversed, yet it held it was own magic. A sort of hum through the soil that lit is nerves and blanketed his very soul with warmth.
The third…well they were dead. Poor sucker must have been right by the window, collateral damage.
It wasn't until Stark's twins came running to greet their bearer that Loki noticed the Lady Potts on the sofa, skin glowing with the pleasantry of motherhood.  It crushed him, the joy on her face and that cloying milky scent of new life just shattered him.
Steve stood on the deck one morning turning the shield he had been given. The domed shaped caught the light, reflecting crimson, blue and white. He had handled things like this before but never one so light and yet strong. Stark said it suited him. Steve hoisted the shield in the harness on his back and headed up to the command deck where Sam was piloting the ship.
Soft touched became therapy for all of them, kind words and knowing looks because their medicine. It became the thing that buoyed them on through the darkness. Through medications and physical therapy, through speech therapy and countless doctor visits over that next year and a half.
' Social structures on Jotunhiem were noted to be '
There had been periods of time when Tony was growing up that Loki was truly terrified for the magnitude of feelings he had concerning the little pup. Even now that the mer was fully-grown and by the rights of Asgard - an adult. Loki still thought of the tiny pup that curled up beside him every night, blissfully unaware with his petite thumb tucked between cherub lips. Those days were long gone now, big wondering eyes now replaced by a breakneck spark for knowledge.
Loki had been walking around like a shadow and Stark knew it would be a big blow to a lot of their pack if something happened to the ravenette.
The gauntlet applied just enough pressure until the asset passed out, then released. “I need containment at my location, I have the Winter soldier.”  Tony said over the coms, receiving conformation from Natasha.
Loki took a tentative sip, "You must be reassured to see me so weak."
Tony backtracked, finally letting go of the solders face. “Ugh…yeah, no I didn’t. I meant. Well it’s all really technical and what not point is this is great, your great, I‘m great this all just …great.”
Any other time there might have been a pair of Bruce’s spare pants, or even one of Tony’ clingy under suits. No such luck. Today he was with Natasha, and she only had one thing handy.
The pair of them continued through the common floor, Tony pointing out all the areas. He had really out done himself, “There’s also a gym just below this floor. All the basics and a few special things I cooked up for weapons testing.”
“You have levels?” Steve glanced side long at the alpha. It was a good thing the jet was so roomy, they needed it to fit Stark's ego.
Wendy had a little collection of hair clips that Auntie Pepper and Auntie Natasha got for her. There were even a few from Papa and Daddy in the box and a very special on her Uncle Thor brought to her from Asgard. “The yellow flowers.”
Tony had a picnic spread out on the balcony that looked like it had been professionally catered - knowing Tony it probably had been.
The omega said nothing, the only utterance his rapid breathing.
Walking into the parlor Loki held his head high, doing his best to seem unbroken, despite how he felt to the contrary. “Good afternoon Charles. Might I offer you something to drink? Tea? Coffee? I believe Bruce left some sort of fancy juice.Kombucha I think.”
Didn’t that just twist Tony’s gut; he was never under the illusion that his father loved his mother completely. Howard cheated enough to prove that wasn’t true. Yet children want to believe that their parents love each other, or at least did at one time. It wasn’t as if Tony could look at Steve and see any similarities that could suggest Maria had been some sort of replacement. His mother was olive skinned with dark hair and pale blue eyes. She was different, in every way.
Thankfully, he always got up a bit earlier than strictly necessary to plan for these little interruptions. Steve would be cutting it close if the kids were fussy about getting in the car though, Wendy more-so than Peter. . He toyed with the idea of taking one of Tony's cars instead of the trusty SUV that he insisted on when the twins were born. Maybe he'd take the mustang, Wendy loved that car, even though Tony had insisted they not use it frequently when the kids where still infants. The alpha firmly stating that 'a vintage mustang is not a car you put a car seat in Steve.'
Loki watched the little reunion, quietly putting away the book he'd been reading and working on controlling his expression. Seeing Steven with his little ones always did something to him. It was a sour kind of pain that almost pulled him down through the floor. In a way, Loki wished it just would. “I'll get their things” he spoke softly and drifted from the room.
“Unca Loki! I gotta potty!” Wendy announced squirming in her seat.
"Ok Petey Pie timed to go. Did you have fun?" Stark asked picking up the boy and ruffling the little pups hair.
Once the butler had disappeared to apparently -notify his master, Natasha was the first to speak.
“A young lady from the agency just called.” Loki said, clutching the phone to his chest. “She sent images...of a little boy.”
The inventor scrubbed a hand over his face, this is why he didn’t like to be handed things.
Steve had never felt to free, never felt so wanted as when Tony pressed his hand down between them and asked in breathy tones for the omega to please touch him. For once Steve didn’t mind his too big hands or too wide shoulders, he felt like he fit here with Tony.
Oh for the things Bruce banner did for the sake of the world.
Thor’s eyes went wide with her claim; Amora was not one devoted to the gods of their people and yet if what she said was true…” A gift. For me, I do not understand. I pray you, tell me the truth Amora… whose child is this.” He implored again, hoping against hope what she was saying was not true. He didn’t love her; this was his brothers beloved…how could the Norns do such a heartless thing?
It was an unspoken thing in the tower, Jarvis was watching closely and set to alert all occupants should the omega do anything harmful to himself or others.  The cautionary order began a few months after the loss when Loki had been force out of the tower to go along with Pepper and Natasha on a shopping trip. The ravenette stepped off of the sidewalk and in front of a bus. Had it not been for the Widow’s swift action in tugging the man back by the collar … well, they weren’t sure if it would have killed him but it wouldn’t have been good.
“Don’t be a scaredy catfish Bruce!” Tony said slipping easily through the porthole of the sunken warship.
Steve shrugs his shoulders. “Different times, But hey look where we are now?” The kind man smiles and gently places a comforting hand on Loki's frail shoulder.
Steve didn’t say anything, folding his arms waiting for what nugget of nonsense the other man had for him.
Female Beta -----Lady parts ! ( less fertile maybe more diminutive personality)Female Alpha -----Both, Masculine genitalia more prominent, (Think Futanari kinda on this one ladies and gents...did i mention how much i like that? i do..)
Tony looked over, noticed the shine in his dates blue eyes, his attention narrowing on the omega as he lifted there joined hands, and kissed the back of Steve’s.  A sweet gesture made the other smile again, so Tony counted that as a job well done.
Something about moments like that force you to look beyond your self -makes you want to come home. Even his love for Steve seemed pale to way his heart shook the first time he pressed a kiss to Peter and Wendy's sweet soft little foreheads. He would give anything for his children, and now...now there could be another one soon and Tony didn't want to miss out on that.
The child grabbed Steve's hand and made for the door. "Hold on there Tony, I've already seen your Dad, so we don't have to okay? Actually...he sent me to come and play with you for the day because you're such a good boy." Steve tried to sound positive  but the skeptical look on the little ones face made his heart ache.
Pepper stood up and kissed the top of his head. “Then don’t, all you have to do is be honest with yourself and with Steve.”
“It’s time for the end game, now get out of my shop before I put you out.”
“Sir, I feel that Stark's most recent enhancements are genuinely only a valuable asset. It was nice inviting the smartest guy in the country on our elite team but with this...I'm not quite certain he's not the cleverest guy on the planet. Barring common sense of course. Tony still hasn't mastered that one and is still for the most part a whiny man-child with too many toys. Honestly Sir, I think we're more protected with him than without.”
The pair exchanged blows and it killed Steve to do it, Bashing the Shield against the face plate between blocking metal clad fists. All the while shouting for Tony to stop.  Finally, the solider was so fed up he put every ounce of strength into knocking his opponent backward.
Tony looked up at the ceiling, any other time he would have scolded himself for doing so but he was completely confused. “Distress, J show me vitals and pull up a video feed.” For a moment Tony hoped it was just a nightmare, a nightmare he could understand - he could handle that. This though…this was a lot worse than a nightmare if Steve’s pheromone output was anything to go by.
One last glance in the mirror to confirm the mask: Proud, defiant, cold, intelligent, dangerous. It is better to be respected and feared than treated like beloved little lamb. Loki did not want or need anyone's pity.
Steve unwilling began to retch and emptied the contents of his stomach into the grass. His throat burned that the sour taste against his tongue just made it that much worse. Vomiting had always been the worst part about being sick, one he was all too happy to have forgotten after the serum. Steve could count on his hand the number of times he’d thrown up since then. The first had been when he and the commandos happened upon a concentration camp in Poland. One look at the massive grave pit and Steve had lost it.  The second had been the night after he’d woken up 70 years in the future. Then again, now, least to say this was troubling.
The volume of the music lowered automatically as the inventor sat up rubbing his eyes once more. “Steve, you’re home… That’s, that’s good. No I mean, that’s great so. .no problems then right?” Tony cleared his throat at the end of the awkward greeting and glanced around like he wasn’t sure were to look.
Rage, so much rage. Starting low in his stomach and filling his core and limbs with heat, rebuilding his bones and nervous system.
“Oh yeah, total dad move.“ James stated with a laugh turning around with a fork and butter knife between his knuckles and lowering his voice. “Alright bub, I hear shit from the elf and he's worried. What the fuck are you doin over there, step it up!”
Steve thought it was weird when he was called up to the penthouse, but then maybe Tony was ready to talk about everything. Jarvis had said not to worry. So the captain was trying his level best not to on the ride up to the top floor.
Didn’t that just tear out their hearts? Steve folded and pulled one of the pillows away to cover himself with to slip out of the bed while Tony kept Peter occupied. The pair cuddled and Tony held Peter above the blanket, though the little boy didn’t understand why he couldn’t get in the bed. Thankfully, Peter didn’t press the issue more did he go looking for Steve and was happy enough to lie down and curl up on Tony’s chest.
He was alone, completely alone. His parents were killed in a car accident and now it was up to him to take the reins of Stark Industries. The life he thought he could run from was suddenly staring him in the face far before he was ready. There was no escape and no bottle deep enough for the young alpha to crawl into, that didn’t mean he wasn’t going to try.
“No. I’ll crush you, gimme a pillow we can try from the side again…. You’re starting to piss me off so hurry up.”
The mood sobered from frat house antics. Tony wanted to go home if he was being honest with himself. He also knew if he left the team and something happened he couldn’t’ forgive himself.
“I don’t know what you need Steve, or what a kid could need.” he said turning to look at the omega. It struck him then how unsure and young Steve looked. It was so uncommon to see so much open vulnerability on the blondes face and it made Tony want to gather the man his arms and lock him away in the penthouse somewhere dark and warm and try everything to change that. To bring back that confidence and sass. “Tell me Steve.”
The engineer scoffed and flopped back on the covers, “You wound me Tasha dear, here I thought you loved me for my network backdoor game. The way I sweetly caress all those sexy lines of code with my magic fingers.”
Unfortunately, Tony’s grand plans would have to wait.
The billionaire had just awkwardly patted his omegas back and steered the larger man over to a chair with assurances falling from his lips that he loved Steve very much, and found him incredibly sexy. This led to some founder memories of light fondling on the bedroom floor until the mood was broken by Steve’s urgent bladder.
“Pete, Wen, why don't you go get your crayons and color a picture for Uncle Loki. I'm sure he would really like that.” Steve says and shoos the little ones away. There was so much in Loki's eyes, so much they all hadn't seen before and he realized it was because no one bothered to look.  As soon as the kids were out of earshot he placed, a gentle hand on the other mans shoulder. Thinking of his conversation with Bucky not long ago. “How long have you been trying?”
Steve shook off that idea. Eating in bed was lazy and he hated crumbs in the sheets. “I want fires I think…with gravy on them. You know the ones we had when we visited Doctor Xavier’s School to talk to him about that information Hydra had on mutant kids. Logan was cooking, it was really good, fries with gravy and that cheese curd stuff.”
Peter had lost his father.
AN: Ok so the general consensus seemed to want Mpreg so that will be an eventuality, don’t expect it though for at least six for chapters, lol this is slow burn people and we still have complex feels to get through.
He remembered Steve's quiet worry for the Sargent.
A response! Short but it was something. “You know if there is anything you guys need from home Tony could send a car out or even Natasha or me. One of us could go and get it for you.” Bruce spoke gently as the kettle heated. He found a pair of mugs in the cupboard and a packet of tea biscuits. Bucky said he'd ordered some of Loki's favorites to try to coax the omega into eating.
However, Thanos had not counted on Schmitt’s own agenda and lust for power. He didn’t just want to destroy the avengers and have Captain Rogers head on a pike; he wanted Hydra to rise from the ashes of obscurity.
Rogers looked up at his alpha still trying to get his breath back that Tony had so unceremoniously stolen right there in front of god and everyone. The brunette was grinning like a mad man, a beautiful lunatic with those dancing chocolate eyes. “I love you Steve, holy shit I love you and that’s terrifying but great. We are having babies and that pretty terrifying but I love you. I didn’t faint either this time so yay progress and that’s great.”
Fortunately, the fight was short lived because of the Avengers response time.
“Tony…I can’t fail him again.. I ..I can’t fail..”  he couldn’t breath, his head was pounding and his chest was burning. Steve felt like he was drowning all over again.
Steve stilled staring up at Tony, his face was flushed and usually soft skin felt clammy and rough. The Alpha ran his fingers back through the omegas damp blond hair. “Bruce, I think he’s getting dehydrated.”
They left the theater pulling down their caps and shades, incognito Tony had said. Steve felt a little silly but didn’t mention it. That night Steve did come back to the penthouse- though nothing so scandalous took place and the pair of them slept in each others arms.
Steve was sound asleep with his head in Tony’s lap. The alpha carding his fingers through the blonds hair.
Just as he was about to shake off the melancholy and holler at Stark to hurry it up, the summer air shimmered gold and the feel of static prickled the hair along the back of his neck.
Peter giggled and rubbed his cheek against his uncle’s shoulder affectionately, depositing a bit of his still milky baby scent. It would be a few years yet until the pup lost that sweetness.
Their first dance was a slow one with a few laughs and not so fancy footwork, but that was perfect.
It was a few days later and Steve was still thinking about things and this…whatever it was he had with Tony.
The blond swallowed hard trying to calm his own heartbeat to match the steady thump against his palm. “I’m going to kick your ass…”
Fury could see how this was going to end, Hydra would have its new world order if someone didn’t do something. The question was…what that something was.
Steve waited and waited, the suit was not coming up. “Jarvis where is he…where is he.”
"Right, then I'm staying. Now I'll ask again - what do you want from the vending machine?"
“No.”
“O… n… it… sir…”
Steve stepped back, the corner of his his eye catching Jane walking over to Loki and greeting the man with a gentle hug. “You know Tony, Probably tinkering away in the workshop. I'll head down and see if I can't stir him up.” Rogers already spoke with Jane the day before, Ms. Foster had said that Thor wanted some alone time with his brother but was concerned as to how to go about it. Maybe it was a little shady to just leave them alone together – but needs musts. She had said that Thor was aware of the situation and had promised to mind his manners. “Jane would you like to come down with me? I know you've been curious about Tony's new abilities. Maybe you could take a look and see what you think.”
Dear sweet norns this could not be happening. “Are you....truly not about to put that in your mouth.”
To the court, her agenda was clear. Amora wanted to be queen.
"What the hell is this.." Tony kicked at the massive carcass bleeding on his rug.
Entering active labor was a lot different, and a lot more painful. Any pretense of modesty Steve had was now out of the window as he was striped and had his alpha holding up one leg and Dr. Simmons holding up the other.
“Curiosity killed the cat, that's what you Midgardians say isn't it?”
“Stop.”
Loki sat with his head against the glass. He knew exactly what they were going there for. Part of him wondered if this would be the last time he would ever see the school he had grown to love. The stone walls and sprawling gardens that had become a sanctuary on days he could barely gather himself enough to go home. Soft laughter of children through the halls that welcomed him.
“I do need to get up though; sore or not I’m not using a bedpan. You’d never let me live that down.” Steve eased up again, this time masking his discomfort.
“Ya know I was here too right?” he sasses right back.
Tony looked up from the sofa to the little voice coming from the elevator. Peter had his backpack and stuffed rabbit in his arms. “Over here peanut.”
“Great...that's great...wonderful, stupendous so we could have a real life terminator on or hands. I thought you and your robo fapping arm was bad.”
So they had that going for them. In the present circumstances it was just a matter of getting used to some of the bodily changes left in the wake of Tony's exposer to the biochemical. Steve, as much as he claimed not to be a shallow person was beginning to appreciate Tony's noticeable changes.
They would never come back to this place, Tony wouldn’t need to. It may not have been the goodbye he wanted, but it was the one he needed.
The first item he noticed was a medical file with a photo of a boy stapled in the corner. He had seen similar old photos of Steve, but none this personal.  For some reason Tony felt his stomach flip looking at the black and white of a shy skinny boy. The young man stood before the camera with his hands clasped in front of him, shoulders hunched submissively. He was shirtless and looked so nervous and sickly, the scrawl under the photo read “ Subject : Steven Grant Rogers/ age: 20”
“Two of…wait..What?” Tony’s face twitches when he questioned the phrase because what was his science bro on about now? Had the Gama gone to his brain?
After the church, there was a precession to the cemetery.  Tony rode in the family car alone with Peter, the little boy was crying again.  Tony was just numb and held him tighter, softly shushing the whimpering child. He couldn’t say it would be all right because he didn’t feel right at all.
Tony had what some would coin as a “love /hate relationship” with his omega’s mood swings. Mostly because Tony was awful with tears. He loathed them in fact, his tactics ended with ‘diversion’ and ‘cuddles’. Beyond that, he would just beg for help or fake having something to do that was extremely urgent.
When someone asks him if he Loves Phil
“Oh that’s a relief, here I thought this rich life had you sitting on your ass eating bon bons all day.” Barnes grinned and took a seat across from his friend, sure there was tension, there may always be but for now..they could ease back into this playful banter. Surprisingly it didn’t hurt like he thought it would to be so close to Steve like this. That was good because he didn’t want it to, he wanted to know that he made the right choice and right now..looking at Steve smile - glowing. He knew he had.
"They are going to kill me."
Tony huffed a sigh and rested his cheek on Steve’s knee from his position between the blonds legs. “No, yeah your right. This is shit for my knees. We’ll wait till we get home and oh baby - me you and that steam shower.”
"Brother, if you truly mean to reform yourself and win the Lady Romanov's hand then you must show her your skill! Prove your strength. Jane adores when I do such things for her." Thor said giving his brother a hearty clap on the back.
“Absolutely not.” Tony spoke firmly as he had gps information sent to the suit. Stark had volunteered to go in with Coulson's Team as ground support. It just made sense given with what they were dealing with. Extremis was tech based, Tony was the tech person. On another level he felt it had to be him, he had rejected Killian all those years ago and in a way – jilted Hansen. Maybe in some round about way he had facilitated the two of them collaborating, , after all, Killian wanted to upstage Stark industries.
"You worry too much."
Now the archer was home and thinking about his top five favorite things, Food, shower, sex, and TV. Whatever order that happened in was fine, or combination.  The alpha dropped his gear in the entryway and looked around for his omega.
Right now, just looking at the man before him, Steve can't help but see a ghost.  Of course, Steve being who he is can't just turn away from suffering. Having grown up a sick and starving kid who would have given his last loaf of bread to a family of birds. Seeing how Loki has declined so considerably in the passing days  he can't stand by with soft words of encouragement or quiet company. Sure, Steve understands that tensions are high and they are all adjusting. Maybe if he says to much it might be taken the wrong way or Loki might shoot some scathing remark – at this point they would all welcome the former biting words.
You can't always get the leading man
But if you wait on the franchise
Jarvis was a bigger other hen than Steve and Barnes was thankful for that at the moment. He hadn't even thought to contact anyone at the tower before leaving home. James was so far in over his head that the only thing he could think about was to take Loki somewhere secure, somewhere he too could feel safe. He almost wanted to laugh at how – any other time – if he would have said the tower felt safe, no doubt Tony and Natasha would have looked smug as hell.
A small part of him wanted to snort diversely and say that he knew what his omega needed and didn't need anyone else to tell him, another part of him, the one that held so much respect for the woman beside him, quelled any protest. “I've been trying. Tashka... I really have. I can't fix it if he won't let me.”
YEAAAAAAHHHH!
“Rambling Tones.” Bruce quipped gently tugging the alpha away. “Why don’t you come with me while Ms. Simmons cleans up Steve?
Loki had separated himself from them in every sense of the word, even when the offer was extended to aid the team along side SHIELD, he turned it away. That wasn't to say the ravenette had locked himself away in some spooky lair to cackle evilly over a cauldron. He worked with kids and not just any kids, Loki worked with Charles Xavier's kids. Steve trusted him enough to let Loki be alone with Peter and Wendy; the little pups adored their uncle. Loki had managed to clear up things with his brother and so far they hadn't heard so much as a parking ticket from the once villain.
To be honest I was hoping I caught some weird hydra hybrid version of the flu, or anything other than what this was. Looking down at the lab reports the cheerful nurse at the Shield clinic brought me made me want to heave again.
The boom from column of iridescent light striking the earth sent up a wall of steam and shook the mountainside.
The alpha leaned over and kissed his mate’s temple whispering a soft ‘I love you.’
The omega hummed in agreement while slipping on their son’s socks. “Wendy, Peter don't forget the special pictures you made for your Uncles. I know you worked hard on them.”
While Captain America slept in a frozen grave the world moved ahead by leaps and bounds. Leaving him a man out of time. A shining example that would grace the halls of museums and dazzle children’s stories. They would have no idea what really happened.
Tony Stark learned what it meant to be a man from his father, at least what it meant to be the alpha his father wanted. By 15, Tony   had surpassed his peers in every way, entering the undergraduate electrical engineering program at MIT. Later, when most young men his age were out learning to drive or flirting with potential mates he was already well on his way to his second master’s degree.
After Steve’s shower  Tony meet him with his prenatal protein shake and kiss on the cheek. No sooner at Steve taken a sip as he steeped into the walk in closet did the assemble alarm go off. He looked over his shoulder to see Tony tugging on his armor under-suit with a regretful look on his face. It couldn’t be helped really, they both knew that.
“You don’t…what?” Tony pause and gave an incredulous sound, “I said bring Steve back down here J.”
Steve could not help but smile at the banter, “Thank you Jarvis.”
The pair continued up to the common floor where they found much of the team seated as the pups played in the center of the room. However, Loki was missing from the social gathering.
How in the world they ever managed to get it together longer than five minutes without killing each other was a true miracle.
Tony scrubbed his hands over his face, “Look. I …I’m just…”
“Come on babe, you know what I like.” he whispered.
Tony curled up next to his omega, as much as his ribs protested. “I promise, no doom bots, slime monsters, or tentacle beasts can drag me away. You, me and the sea monkeys.”
He was going to be a Lord of industry and Howard had planned his life out from start to finish. The old man even went as far as compiling a list of “appropriate partners” for his son’s future. All beautiful omega girls with shining pedigrees. Daughters of other CEOs from around the world, Families with political ties, and most of them as dumb as a sack of hammers.
The alpha poured himself a drink, “Well I’m hungry too, but…yeah. Look Steve, I know I’m not perfect and I’m probably going to screw this up but for right now I want to try because you deserve that much.”
The freezing air did nothing to cool the thrill of fight singing through the Captains veins. All those months spent asleep left him wired and wanting. From all the stress and drama, he needed to hit something!
“Yes, the scaring from minor scraps thicken painfully and he's had several tumors from cells multiplying too rapidly. I worry for him but, he's so happy.” Kurt replied.“His healing factor is a blessing I suppose. Logan thinks he will be quiet strong as well but we won't know for sure the exact extent of the gene until Wade is a bit older.”
Elsewhere in the tower there was another omega learning to adjust with a change in circumstance.
He didn’t have the answer, it was a question he often asked himself and still he had nothing for it. Suddenly here he was lashing out and being the kind of man, he never wanted to be. The kind of father he had promised himself he would never be.
“It does have to be this way Rhodey…” Tony lifted his hand the red in his palm glowing with deadly promise. “Don’t make me kill you.”
“You’re doing the thing.” Steve interrupted his lips quirking slightly.
“Captain Steven Grant Rogers. Serial number Zero four six two three six two T four two four three zero.”
It was easy to see in the tense line of the brunettes back and subtle clenching of his fists. Tony was holding back a lot, whatever it was and who ever it was for - Steve wasn’t sure.
. Lovely, nothing says professional like a cartoon cow telling you to come take a hunk out of his ass. Delicious… “The point is we shouldn’t have to stop.”
Then again, Barnes wasn't exactly one to talk about his feelings either. So maybe they had just fallen into a comfortable silence and each built there own fences to protect them from each other. It was easier than sitting down and really digging into the root of the problem and airing out all of that shit that kept you awake at night.
It hurt. Everything just hurt.
The engineer shook his head, “yeah, I am. Maybe I just don’t wanna do it here with you in an assless paper dress. Call me old fashion but I think Captain American could deserve a little better setting to talk about his damn life.”
Steve hummed and scooted up, one hand under his stomach. “Yeah well…I’m sure Sam doesn’t snore.”
Steve struggled to answer the Ai’s inquiry, “F-fine.” he knew what this was now, what it could be and he just needed a few moments to wrap his head around it. Maybe compose himself a little more before getting help.  It was still so early and there was no need to wake anyone just yet, not when it would take hours yet before things got unbearable.
Tony hacked every computer and cell tower he could in the area, he didn’t eat or sleep because really he was so pissed he thought he’d vomit from sheer aggression alone. When he got his hands on these guys…
Steve kissed his forehead and pulled his little family in closer, “I know that sweetheart, I know. I hope you’ll never feel that way ever again. I’m so sorry you ever had to feel that way. Come on… let’s go get you warm, ok?”
Soft golden light filled the penthouse foyer. Making everything seem a bit warmer, a bit softer under the amber hue. Just of to the side of the seating area was the baby grand piano that more often than not sat silent and stately. Now however the piano bench held not 1 but 2, Tony had the blanket wrapped toddler nestle between his chest and the keys.
I understand that no one really likes author notes. But...I'm going through some stuff and to be honest it feels like drowning. It feels like being in the middle of the Damn ocean and no one's around.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Loki please, just try for me sweetheart.” He was desperate and didn’t know what to do anymore. The alpha was so far in over his head and the stakes were just too high.
The episode lasted nearly 20mins, leaving him exhausted and numb. All Loki wanted was a cup of tea and a blanket, as pathetic as that sounded it also sounded amazing. He scoffed at his own domesticity, “how very mortal.”
Stark scoffed, “lies…filthy lies Brucy goose. Now tell me what you’re not telling me. If I have to get all the video feeds from the tower sent to my suit I will. We both know that will take way to long to watch when I could be punching bad guys in the dick. So let’s speed this up shall we?”
Life is so cruel, the way fates treads twist and knot. I should have known that you would never be far.
“Let me rephrase that, do need company?”
“Yeah.. J can you sent all the med info from Steve’s suit to Bruce.”
He really wished his Papa was here.
Perhaps he was even more selfish to feel such pain at the thought of all the features such a child would lack. It wasn't some poor child's fault, it was his.
Howard dismissed his boys reckless life, they never had that well of a relationship to begin with and it wasn’t as if Tony was that heartbroken when Howard would yell and preach, threatening to cut off his son’s funds and send him into the military. “Make a real alpha outta you, put a gun in your hand and straighten out that damn attitude with some hard work.” Howard would say.
Fury had a bigger picture, a plan that would create an army in an instant. The people would lose one solider and gain a harbinger. There would be a call to action so angry and so loud no one would ignore it, it would light a fire and force the people to take a stand against the forces that would seek to lead them into the darkness.
"Lady!"
The thing was, Steve wasn’t so sure he didn’t want to. Sure they had talked about bonding went Steve’s heats evened out, but then the babies happened and that plan was set aside. He didn’t want to pressure Tony into feeling as if he had to make an ‘honest man’ out of Steve. Times were different now, people didn’t look down on an omega that had pups out of wedlock  it was more that Steve wanted his children to know without question -whom their father was. To share Tony’s name, to have that bond between them that would tie them together on such a deep level. To feel what his alpha was feeling, to sense when he was needed, hurt, happy, or sad. Steve wanted all of those things he never thought he could have.
Tony couldn't help but laugh out load when his mate flipped back the drapes with two excited pups hugging each leg.
“I don’t want your money… I don’t want anything from you!” the youth growl holding his head high and back straight as he left, hearing the old man laughing behind him.
"I'm not actually."Philip said, sitting back and observing the slim man still folded in on himself.  "I should have sat down with you after reading the file, or at least after you and Barnes had settled in. For all one knows if we had cleared the air.."
“Pep..”
Barnes doesn't have a comeback for that. Instead, he just sits down and picks up the little blade on the floor. “That why this is here? You thinking about checkin out Stark. Cause after what I saw in that warehouse I don't think this is going to do it.”
“Guard! Please help!” She called out theatrically, leaning heavily in one of the columned arches. She looked down at the tattered wrappings around the baby mer; she should have wrapped him in kelp… no matter. Amora had a tale to tell about this child and was sure that her performance would be enough.
Loki fell back staring up at the ceiling but not seeing. This was a nightmare, a terrible nightmare. He was going to wake up from this and he would be fine. His baby girl would be safe inside of him, the little flutters of her movements like butterfly wings in the spring. This was a nightmare. This was a nightmare.
“You’re so beautiful like this.” The alpha whispered, peppering open-mouthed kisses over every inch of flesh he could reach. As cliché as his brain told him it was it was true. Something about seeing Steve laying here by his side so warm and plait with belly swollen with life. Knowing he put it there was both terrifying and beautiful. “I love you, I want you so bad baby, want everyone to know you’re mine.”
Steve also had the added sadness of being a part of ‘the last great generation’ but having to watch all his contemporaries fade away and die. While he stayed behind - ‘the man out of time’ as Loki had once called him.
This place had become not just a 2nd home to him but a real one. All this time his old thoughts had rendered his new home useless because it was stuck on the old one. This wasn't Asgard, and James was nothing like Odin. There was no one here to force his miserable failures in his face...but him. That's exactly what he had been doing this whole time. Allowing himself to become so focused on the negative he had forgotten all of the good things.
“Ok..” Steve acquiesced, “ If he wants to, tell him I would like to talk to him.”
Steve didn’t want to think that he would have to be the one to take on the man he loved, to have to hurt Tony to save him. He wouldn’t be able to live with that.
“I put a bullet between her eyes. 150 yards, she was eating dinner...” Barnes eyes go a bit glassy, “Red wine, steak and potatoes with steamed broccoli. She always ate alone but set a place for two. I watched her for 3 days, it was the same everyday.”
It hurt; it hurt more than his shoulder when it ached in the winter, or every headache he endured after too long days training new recruits at the range. This was bone deep and it lacerated his soul with every benevolent word he overheard.
By the time Tony was able to pull away he was breathless and nearly trembling. "Shit, ya know I was trying to draw this out but...you're killing me here babe."
Looking back, Tony would blame himself for being preoccupied with first words and first steps. Maybe if he had turned on the news more or paid more attention to the headlines instead of Dr. Seuss. He could have seen the connections, could have had Jarvis monitor the activity. They could have gotten ahead of this and then maybe...
Steve looked back with an almost horrified expression. “My kids are not setting foot in Shield.” as if the organization that they both worked for...that all their friends worked for in some capacity- was going to go all baby snatcher the moment those little cherub faces stepped through the doors.
“Oh I’m pretty damn tempted!”
That’s how he felt about Tony.
When the elevator opened, everyone held their breath. Tony stepped into the common room looking around skeptically. “Ok…so this is either the world’s most boring party or …” he paused noticing the papers in Rhodey’s hands. “Oh fuck me it’s an intervention. No thanks I don’t have a drinking problem, I swallow liquids just fine.”
Speaking of irritable fits.  The penthouse now had a new coffee table, chair, and fridge door.  Steve was very apologetic of course when he broke things, that wasn’t that new of a development considering he previously through a few dozen punching bags a month. Tony just bought those by the freight car now.
“There. It something however that you must know, the reason that the sergeant is hesitant to return. He has found a mate on Asgard.”
Kurt's tail drooped sadly, “My friend, this is not pity I would not insult you so. I only wish to help you Loki, I think you and I are very similar in a way. People look at me and they assume that I am a monster, a devil sent to take away their souls. I learned very young what it meant to be different. I think people look at you because of your past, they only see what they want to see. I see a smart man who is so kind to these children who have known such pain and loneliness in their lives. A man who knows what it is like to feel separate from others. Most of all, I see someone who wants to be good, and I only want to help you.”
That put Tony at some ease, not much realizing for those sensors to be damaged Steve would have had to take one hell of a hit. “Right ok, yeah ..Everything’s going to be fine.” He said more to himself, leaning down to place a kiss on Steve’s brow. “We’re gonna get you outta here and everything’s going to be fine.” He spoke softly hearing the quinjet approaching, Tony hadn’t wanted to risk carrying Steve because if the Alpha was honest with himself he was too shaken. Seeing Steve go down brought back memories that the inventor did not want.
Non powered au
A little bit of old fashion brute force and the hinges gave way. What he found inside wasn't anything he'd ever want to see again.
“Shut up grandpa you’re the one robbing the cradle. Now up you go Dorito, off to wash. You smell like sex and while I fucking love that, I don’t want anyone else sniffing you up. I‘m a selfish bastard Steven, and I can admit that. ” The alpha returned with a playful swat to the blonde’s backside.
“Well it ain’t no mating call.”
WinterIron Ship
AN- it is my dream to see Tom and Yanis dance together.. jus sayin
“And who am I?” Loki's voice choked. “I thought I knew, I wanted to be more but I can't even do that.”
He did of course he did. The mechanic had that timber in his voice now that sent a shiver down the Captain’s spine.
Steve sat in the rec room watching Clint and Sam argue over a game of Mario cart when the elevator doors opened and Tony walked in with a familiar figure.
“Yeah, I stopped in a few days ago. James had a therapy session downtown, and Natasha called me to see if I could come by and sit with Loki while his counselor came. He asked for me actually, and I was surprised.”
His shoulders dropped minutely before straightening back up, held so tightly it looked like he'd snap in two and for a moment...for a moment his skin didn't look so glowing. She knew then this wasn't the Loki she was talking to but a carefully crafted mask. Bruce's words filter over her subconscious... '
"You don't have to stay Buck..."
Barnes pauses in front of him, probably to defend him, how kind of him to do so even now. Loki doesn't want that kindness though. He’s angry and sick to his stomach.
Tony turned on her then, his dark eyes cold and expression grim. “Your right, that’s why I have to do this, I am protecting my son and this is how I do it. Therefore, unless you want me to fall apart you will back off because this is me coping. Trust me Virginia... You don‘t want to see me not coping.”
I wish I could say I had fun writing this chapter but I kinda didn't. The reason for this? Well, I recently joined an AO3 group on facebook...kinda seeing that was a mistake now.
Loki had taken to sitting in the common room in front of the tall windows in the early morning until the others began to filter in for coffee. Then he would slink away to roam the main floor or head down to the research floor and  pick spot out of the way to linger and stare out at the city below. Once Loki had managed to access the rooftop garden and nearly gave James a heart attack. The thought of the man up on the roof had sent Barnes charging after him, he'd only turned his back for a moment. Thankfully, Loki had just been kneeling before a flowerbed running his fingers through the soil.
Even in his low moments, Tony accepted comfort from those close to him - Pepper, Rhodey, Bruce.
Steve ran his hands over the armor, gears whirling as the billionaire inside was set free. Tony stood there a moment shivering in the under suit before large familiar arms wrapped around him. They didn’t say anything just then. They just breathed, It wasn’t until Tony felt the hitch in his soldiers chest did he mutter any semblance of word. “It’s over now…It’s over now.”
Bruce knew a lot about this particular form of suffering. There had been many a night and long day where he had laid in dark dusty hotel room or filthy little hovels, just wanting it all to be over. He had admitted to the team that in his lowest points he had taken an active role in putting an end to his life. An attempt that the other guy put a stop to. Bruce didn't know if Loki had done anything like that while here and Thor had always been tight lipped. There had been some hushed talk of an incident during Loki's incarceration. That had been a few years ago and from all outside appearances it looked as if things with Barnes had help not only Loki but James as well.
“What?” The blonde looked up from the mangle of ground beef he was currently stirring (murdering) into bits with a wooden spoon. The poor defenseless food stuff hadn't stood a chance. Good thing they were just making Beefaroni for a pack of pups, half of Barton's would eat anything. Play-dough was no longer allowed on Hawkeye's floor for that reason, so saith the mighty Agent Coulson.
I'd like to thank my lovely  Renee for helping me with these
“Nothin good.” the line crackled slightly from wind, even with the disruption in sound it was not hard to spot the apprehension in Barnes voice. Tony wasn't going to like this. “Extremis is in the wind with a crazy skin head and if that doesn't tickle your fancy, aforementioned skin head is being funded by Hydra.”
He looked up and noticed the agent had carefully pulled a chair and was now seated in front of him. Coulson had reached out and gently prized his fingers away from the nearly crushed bottle. The man unscrewed the cap and handed it back. "Take a breath and drink it. You'll feel better."
“Thanks J.”
Three years later, as Loki slept in there bed, and James looked down at the little bundle of blue blankets in his omegas arms - he knew they had made it out the other side. Through the pain and heartache, through all the tears and worry. They made it and they tired again. All those late nights and milestones, crossing their fingers and Loki’s fretting over every little kick and flutter.
Sam was a kit in a candy store with the super charged jet pack propelling in through the water at high speed. It sure beat the squashed back seat of the undersea craft. “Wing blades work if you can get between the scales. I say we hit the gill slits while the fish boys keep her business end busy.”
Steve frowned looked back trying hard to remember what code that was and still couldn’t place it. “The what?”
He lifted out the ball and noticed a pair of numbers written in marker on the white leather. They were seat numbers.  “Is this…”
Was that what he was now?
She looked back tears streaking down her face. "Steve... he, He's been killed Tony. I am so sorry."
The thought flits over his mind and the glass shatters in his hand.
“hey there Picasso. Drawing naked ladies?”  Tony’s voice lit from behind him.
Unimpressed grey eyes shifted up. "If I didn't want to I wouldn't. I swear you and that punk are two of a kind. Ya know I had to nearly beat him to take a bath when we were kids?" Bucky continued taking off Tony's clothes and wrapped his arms around the man to carry him into the large shower cubical. "Besides..." he grunted sitting Tony into a bathing chair. "Ya've grown on me."
She was lying, she had to be lying ...except- Loki could read a lie from miles away and there was nothing but honesty in the redhead’s steady voice. Romanov believed he wasn't doing anything wrong, she was here because she wanted to be. Because of  concern for him. It just didn't make any sense. He had been so careful and James hadn't said anything to him directly, sure, there had been long glances and awkward silences. Even so, Loki had held his head high and never gave any indication that anything was troubling him. Of course, maybe he didn't have to. Things had changed between them, Loki had changed.
“Well I know how much you like them. Kids, show Aunt Pepper the drawings you made for her.”
“May the gods be with you Tones.” Bruce commented before turning fin with the other two.
Loki had actually been surprised when he didn't go into heat that fall. He thought perhaps he was ill. It had been both terrifying and wonderful news in the end. His alpha looking so proud and happy.
Damn… What do I say. On the upside, he doesn’t seem angry, not really. I’ve seen Tony angry and this just seemed like a mild annoyance.  “What was I suppose to do Tony. I never thought this would happen and I didn’t want you to think I did it on purpose. Cause I didn’t, plus I didn’t think you’d be too thrilled about it.”
the words of a great playwright. While Loki found most of the mortal Shakespeare's' work to be exemplary, he would like to point out to dear Sir William, that no – it was not better.
“Darling...” Loki folded his napkin, his brows knitting. “I think we both know by now it is not a matter of stopping, it is that the effort is fruitless.”
“If you do not satisfy me right now James I will be forced to kill you.” Loki nearly growled wrapping both legs around His alpha's hips and rutting against him.
This would be the only reprieve; they had been in here for a while and could afford to be ‘missing’ to long. Steve trailed his fingers down and slid them between the inventors clef, “Your wet. Did you…” Steve gulped down feeling his cock throb at the idea.”
“Awesome Aurelius, I got one for you ‘
Tony felt a little guilt that he was surprised by that. Loki was a teacher - teacher had students and students missed their teachers. Well, he never did, but he was a little asshole and all his teachers rejoiced passing him off to the next grade up.
In retrospect Tony should have seen this coming, of course Steve would want to be on point for this mission. It was Hydra, it's what the man lost 75 years of his life for. Anytime they had a Hydra mission Steve was always chomping at the bit to get on deck. This time wasn't going to be any different. Yet...it was different. There was a lot more to lose this time around .
Peggy slipped closer looking for any means to disarm the man. She could smell the whiskey from where she was, in a way it both made all this worse and better. His reaction time would be sluggish; she could take it from him maybe. He could also accidentally shoot her if she wasn’t careful.
“Doubt that Doc...Really doubt that.” Barnes chuckled humorlessly. “I don't think anything can make this better.”  Barnes choked on his words  for a moment and Natasha removed the cup from  his hands before the metal hand could flex and shatter it.
All jokes aside, it was so good to be home after a long and tiring ordeal – also known as work. That wasn't to say that Tony wouldn't have volunteered for the business trip, he was being a good pack alpha and good friend when he told Pepper that he would handle things for SI while she was on leave; also, Natasha would skin him alive if he even thought about letting Pepper do his dirty work. So yeah, that was a factor as well.
“That’s it…oh sweet oh it’s ok. It’s all ok now.” Howard lifted the wailing child against his chest. Tony was wailing loud and healthy before snuffling into the soft fabric of his father’s shirt. The inventor just stood there holding his child with tears in his eyes. Anthony was going to be fine, he’d done it…they found a way.
Steve groaned and snatched the top away. “I’ll think about it, but I’m not wearing any kind of shirt for a while so your argument is moot.”
Coulson picks up his cell phone at 2am, he already knows its not something he's going to like. The agents that had been watching the group that Romanov and Barnes had been surveying a few weeks ago just reported a sudden night departure.
“I will notify them of your arrival. I've taken the liberty to dim the lights in the lift for a calming environment.”
The blond almost felt guilty for the sudden blush filling his cheeks watching Stark's new strength, vitality, not to mention Tony looked at least 10 years younger. Steve was ashamed that he nearly swooned the first time Tony successfully pinned him to the bed. Knowing right then he'd essentially have to put in concerted effort to free himself did something to the omega.
“I don't have eyes on Mallen or the Madam yet. Looks like they might be hold up on a lower level. Schematics said this place had underground freezers right?” Barnes said pulling himself up onto a catwalk.
Bruce looked utterly adorable and soooooo ready to hand of the whining, squirming little pink bundle in his arms. “Yeah she’s demanding like you Tones.”
Alone in this empty house.
( Alternatively, breakfast, Lunch, whatever time he managed to stumble out of the workshop. This is a tradition and simply cannot be broken. Nothing says welcome home like a Beef patties, lettuces, tomato and cheese. Bacon if you're fancy.)
“I’m fine…”
“Someone forgot Budapest…” Natasha commented with a smile, her comment sending little snickers through both Sam and Bucky and earned her a glare from the good captain,
Looking down at his son and then up at his mate and daughter, Steve could not help but feel a lump forming in his throat.
They didn’t Let Thor on ITunes any more, he found a bunch of weird Norwegian metal and piped through the Towers external speakers and Tony was left paying a huge fine for disturbing the peace. Bruce was a beta and his taste was Classical and international folk music…nothing Tony cared to listen to, he made the mistake of poking through it once, Banner caught him and roped Stark into an hour of hellish pan-flute meditation.
The new armor was silent as it sliced through the night air, its jet-black lost in the dark alleys. It was a deadly thing of beauty; years ago, Tony would have salivated over such work and would have been sure to show off even during battle. He had not spared the suite a glance since stepping into it, it was functional that’s what mattered. It was his warhorse, and this was a war.
“Ah… sh. . .Shut up.”
“Right, let’s blow this pop stand Capsicle.” Tony said, handing Steve a towelette to wipe the gel from his protruding belly.
"It's my fault...ya can say it." Bucky looked down into his coffee as if the black bitter mixture held the answers to the universes most pressing questions. Right now, all it held was hours old mud the canteen was passing off as coffee. IT was about as satisfying as the guilt that sat in the pit of James Barnes stomach as they waited outside while the doctors looked Tony over.
I feel myself go down and it’s weird, poor Tony -I’m not exactly a little fella anymore.  Everything goes sideways then, I can hear JARVIS calling out numbers and other things and then my head is in Tony’s lap and Bruce is there saying he’s not ‘that kind of doctor’ not that Tony ever listens.
Even so, Tony wasn't going to begrudge Steve's curiosity.  Having the twins had been stressful and there was always that ounce of anxiety in the back of both of their minds until they held them in their arms. This time is was going to be different- planed, maybe a little too planed as far as Tony was concerned. Steve had already gone to the liberty of getting Tony all sorts of weird Alpha vitamins and protein drinks.  The later almost as bad as those awful green things he drank when he was dying of palladium. Almost.
James kicked one of the corpses and wasn’t that surprised to see a network of wires and sparks in through the bullet hole. At the very least, this didn’t add to the blood on his hands. This was no more heinous than kicking a vending machine.
He's probably in the bathroom, the logical part of James brain pointed out. Rolling over the alpha squinted at the master bath – door open and dark as a tomb. No big deal, so he went to get water. People drink water, he drinks water...thirst is a thing.
Somewhere in that madness that was the battle of New York they even became friends. Steve realized how wrong he was when he saw Iron man steering that nuke into the sky. Prepared to die for a city full of people that had a love/hate relation ship with the former weapons manufacturer. To ‘throw himself on the wire’, Tony Stark was not pretending to be a hero …he was one.
Title: Spangly Upgrades!
“I told you that squid looked questionable, now be quiet. The coronation is just a bit longer.” Loki admonished the youth; Tony was always feigning a sour stomach or some other malady to get out of things like this.
"How'd ya make it through the metal director Lokes. Seems like your new door knockers would'a set it off." the older man snarked.
“Bit over tired today, nothing to worry about my love.”
“Most have retired for the night Sir, the captain is…sleeping though not deeply as yet.”
“Loki?”
Natasha watched the anger wash over him begging the omega to lash out but he didn't have it in him. It seemed like the anger itself was as a grease fire burning away all that he had left to hold onto, she watched as his facade seemed to waver and for a moment, she swore she saw someone different in front of her. No...Not different, someone real. “I'm not insulting you, I think you're insulting yourself if you think this dog and pony show you have here is believable. Why dress things up for little old me if you don't care what I think?”
"I can't keep him in the lab it's to dangerous." Bruce tried to reason with his omega who was giving him a glare that could curdle milk. "Tony said he'd be back soon and Steve is at a SHIELD  meeting. It won't be more than a few hours at most....your quiet and this worries me."
Instantly noticing the down turn of her friend's expression, she sighed. “I'm not saying I'm going to shoot him Phil, look I know things are different now but for many people here that's not the case.”
The mastermind was please to see that in his absence his followers had managed to do something right. They had created a soldier, an assassin that could be commanded as easily as a hunter could his hound. The Winter soldier was…magnificent. A few simple words and his deadly little attack dog would mercilessly slaughter anything and anyone he was pointed at.
He was a selfish man who lusted for power, money and status. Doing underhanded deals with dangerous men to obtain said power. Alexander never bothered with raising the boys he had 'inherited'. Leaving Grant and Brock to emulate his behavior from a far under the tutelage of numerous nanny's and tutors. Alexander could stand the two older boys for their strength. Steven had no value to him, so treating his stepson like a servant came naturally.
The part of Tony’s brain that knew about those fancy things like ‘self preservation’ was not awake at 3am, in fact, the only functional parts were all alpha and cocky playboy that liked to poke tigers with sticks.
It was a sight enough to warm any frozen heart, or perhaps to warm. The sweetness almost burning like fire in an already brittle and damaged heart. Not that the little pup would ever know. Or that Loki even understood the slight pain that pricked in his chest when he looked at the bedraggled little one whose chubby finger wrapped so innocently around the heather gray linen of his lounge pants.
Vengeful hovered silently what looked like an abandoned old motel, initial scans located three human heat signatures inside. The prudent thing to do would be to wait until Beck exited the building. After all Iron man still had the element of surprise.
He looked up at the sudden question, had he been spacing out? Missed a question perhaps? No, Loki caught what it was almost immediately. How could he be so careless!
“This won’t either.”
had been iron clad and carried out under penalty of severe punishment. Said punishments usually occurring after rule one had been observed a time or ten.
His heart shuddered painfully in his chest and his mind reeled.
.........
Thor would say.  He wasn't wrong but still.
“Come on sugar” the brunette spoke gently running a hand down the soldiers back.
The sudden gagging from the bathroom was enough indication where his mate was. James just shook his head and entered the en-suite. “Doll...” He knelt down near the toilet and gathered up a handful of black hair from around the omegas face.
“Yes because everything about my general demeanor screams maternal?” A raven raised eyebrow challenged.
Thor held the little one tenderly as the baby boy simpered in his arms. “All is well little pup, your father will tend to you and love you. I too vow to protect you. You are now a prince of Asgard.” He smiled softly and rubbed at the child’s flushed cheek. “Shhh, all is well.”
Jim could still remember that first conversation he had with Fury. He’d asked only one thing ‘ if it gets out of hand, you let me bring him in’ Rhodes didn’t want some shield agents surrounding Tony with some high powered weapons trying to shoot the man out of the sky.  He had fought with Tony, flown with him, he knew all of Stark's tricks and he could bring down the suit with out hurting Tony. At least not permanently.
Meanwhile Bruce turned the screen away and adjusted his glasses looking at the image. “Huh…would ya look at that.”
“Boys…. Don’t make me come in there.” Natasha called from the kitchen. She was trying her best to cook with what little they had. She grew up on leaner times than this but still. She worried for her odd little family.
4. Beyonce - Crazy in love
Natasha scooted closer, Loki really had changed. This man cared so much about how his actions influenced other that it was killing him, he had so much remorse for the past and was breaking underneath it. Loki wasn't thinking of himself, he wasn't being as selfish as he seemed to think he as, if anything Loki was being very very ...human. “What are you doing that you think is hurting him?”
The beta shook his head, “Remember Tony doesn't share well.”
“Even against me?”
Nope, this was not a sitcom and nothing good could come from that thousand-yard-stare that Tony was giving the floor. With each moment that passed, Steve was more and surer that he shouldn’t have even told the alpha. That this was all wrong from start to finish, he’d done the one thing his mother had begged him not to do…to be like her, raising a child on her own had been so difficult and she’d always wanted better for him. Now it looked like that was going to be his life, because clearly this wasn’t what Tony wanted.
Thor had been looking for his nephew at the time when he saw the cluster of gelatinous cnidarians swarmed around the small boy. Thankfully for Tony his Uncle reached into the angry mass and yanked the limp little pup free. Given Tony’s size, if he had not been found he very well could have died or suffered irreparable damage.
It's hard to lay your burdens at the feet of someone else, Loki had always been he strong one. The silent shadow that bore all the ill will and shame with as much dignity as he could muster. However, even he had his breaking point. Curling into strong arms and burying his face in his alphas neck he tried to just breath. James knew it all and he was still here. He wanted to believe the man would stay but for how long. Maybe he should just take this. Steal this one little respite while it was offered and then maybe that would be enough.
“It’s a long shot but sure, I’ll also need Steve to tell me anything he remembers about his medical history.  As an alternative, if  it turns out we cannot find his specifically - I could possibly try to locate a similar case. If we know more about Pre-serum Steve, I can maybe get a better picture of some of Howard’s theories on the serum and its effects.” The doctor replied before turning his attention again to his troublesome billionaire friend. “ You know this won’t be easy right?”
The once prince smirked and stretched his own longer frame out beside his mate. “Well, where you lack in taste of cuisine you do make up for with taste in men.”
“Figured Jarvis would have picked up the info seeing as I didn’t bother encrypting it.” She smirked, her foot propelled her body off the wall towards him, poster not threatening but not quiet relaxed.
Steve was lying on his back with his jacket bundled up under his head and shoes discarded on the false sod. The sun was out and if you were out of the wind, it was warm. He saw them but gave no indication he was going to rise to greet them or even welcome them into the space. The last thing Steve wanted was pity and he figured that’s what this was about.
Things had names; you can't just send a man into the field blind with no Intel!
“Well this is just wonderful…” Bruce’s sarcasm was evident as he flipped through the journals pages. “I’m going to go ahead and guess that there are no usable surviving blood or hormone samples from back then. So basically, I will be feeling around in the dark for some kind of super soldier baseline reading.  Did I mention I’m not that kind of doctor, I feel like I say that a lot yet no one seems to hear me.” The biologist looked up over the rim of his glasses eying his friend.
First, they sliced off his clothes and doused him with ice water, perhaps, which was the one thing he hated in all this. That sudden rush of frigid water that made his heart pound in his ears with memories of crashing into the sea. Then the real world came back in a blinding color as a hand griped his hair and pulled his head back. A sharp blade slicing across his cheek, “TELL US OR WE WILL KILL YOU!”
Stark came off the elevator with hell on his heels.  The alpha was muttering soft curses under his breath as he dashed through the pent house, this all had unraveled so quickly and if Tony was being honest, he hadn’t even processed it yet.
“To be fair Steve, you were unconscious for months. Honestly, I don’t think Nick anticipated you waking up for at least another few months. I wasn’t even aware you were here until December. I had been out in the field cleaning up after Stark.” The agent said pulling a gun from the downed guard and handing it to Rogers.
In a strange way Tony was proud, this was what Steve deserved. At the same time, he hated it because it just reinforced the painful truth.
Tony smiled tugging at Buckys belt, “Could be having more fun spangles. That is if you can pull yourself away from your little art project.”
This was all shades of shit, Tony knew it, Bruce knew it…thankfully, the resident Artificial intelligence knew it.
“He was present while I was unconscious. That different.”
Tony did not let it show, but this information worried him. Steve was one of those ‘never leave a man behind’ types … even when that man might just be trying to kill you. The good Captain liked to say he could make the hard decisions but the fact still remained - he couldn’t kill a friend. That good faith in honor and humanity was going to get him killed one day. Tony just hoped it wasn’t going to be any day soon.
Something about this swine called me, caused me to turn my head.
“Alright. Hey. All right. Good job, guys. Let’s just not come in tomorrow. Let's just take a day. Have you ever tried shawarma? There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it.”  Same old Tony…
Inside, Duchess was pacing in hall outside of the bedroom door leaving deep claw marks in the floor. The big cat like creature turned and whined when she saw him bounding over and rubbing her massive head on his hip. She was worried but knew better than to force her way in. “Hey girl, outside. Go outside, you did good go on now.” James patted her flank and approached the door.
“Someone didn’t get that this party was invite only.” He said, looking over to where the plane flickered into view. The black metal now dotted with lines of frost. The bay doors began to open, the mechanism faltered for a moment as the cold air hit the hydraulics.
Still, something about it didn't put him at ease like it should have. Natasha befriending his omega should have made him have all those warm wonderful pack feelings. Should have but did not. All Barnes felt now was apprehension.
“I just need ‘a minuet Jarvis, thanks.”
“I said back the fuck up Robocop!” Tony growled, when he had stepped in seeing Steve laying bound on his side with the Winter soldier damn near caressing his face… Well, the alpha wasn’t fun of others touching his stuff.
Stark grinned and walked over to where Steve was spread out on the workshop sofa. Sketchbook forgot on the floor where it had been dropped when the blond nodded off.  Tony reached over the back of the sofa to unfold a blanket over his sleeping omega. It was an old one his mother had bought at Macys. Tony remembered thinking how ugly it was when he was a kid. It was a thick; orange, brown, and yellow monstrosity.
“He does have a dainty figure after all.” The elder boy said. “Can hardly call little our Cinder a man at all.”
Today’s villain of the week was The Zodiacs.
“Are you all right Loki?”
“Of course Captain, and if I may say, congratulations. I have always wanted a human sibling.”
“No…Bucky…he….he killed them.. He killed your parents!” Steve sobbed, he couldn’t hold it any more. Here tony was trying to help him when he didn’t deserve it. He didn’t deserve any of it.
When Deadpool made it back stateside. He got an iron fist to the face. It's not like that was unusual but he had hoped to at least see Peter first before his maniac mechanic father in law kicked his teeth in.
“Tony, sweetheart everything going to get better, I‘m here now and I‘m not gonna go anywhere. I‘m right here…” Steve whispered, kneeling down in front of his husband and gently soothing away traces of grime and sweat with the damp rag. “Say something… I need to know what I can do.”
Pepper looked up at Happy, her husband shrugged his shoulders and spoke into his ear piece, discretely asking Jarvis to watch Tony and alert him if the genius did anything harmful.
Backhanded compliments and full scale confidence was in full swing, or so it seemed. Natasha smiled and stepped over the threshold. “Hope its not a bad time, I happened to be in the area.”
With Steve’s, heat imminent, Tony finds himself torn between things happening around him and his family. He needs a drink or ten because how is he supposed to do all of this right now.
“I see, so you’re simply a servant of his? I hadn’t thought Alexander was the type… though, I could see where he might make an exception. Come boy; let me see what it is your master has sent.” The old man beckoned, yet instead of taking the package he grabbed Steve by the arm and drug the boys slim form into his lap.
The brunette fell silent at the question, heeding the request to be an adult and not talk with his mouth full. “Nothing yet, Bruce headed down to the lab with that Scottish kid. Simmons is still in there though, no one will tell me anything.” Tony hung his head; he knew why they wouldn’t tell him. It wasn’t his business what was wrong. He wasn’t anything to Steve in the eyes of the law, just a boyfriend and it wasn’t like either of them had foreseen putting each other down as emergency contacts. Who would have thought anything like this would happen?
The AI, who had been quiet until now –“Yes Sir, and May I extend my welcome to you Captain Rogers. If you have need of any assistance do not hesitate to ask. It would be my deepest pleasure to aid you in any way possible.”
It was in these early days that their luck began to wane. Holding their tiny child between them in a world build for two, the Rogers would soon find a wolf at their door.
For some reason that really bugged Tony, didn’t these nurses even think about that sort of thing? He got up looking around for some kind of blanket; of course, all the cabinets were empty. Why did he donate so much money to a place that couldn’t even store a spare blanket?
“Stark has it, next of kin and all.”
“The only thing we picked up was this interest in AIM pharmaceutical. Whatever they have their eye on, Hydra is willing to fund Mallen in retrieving it.”
Worst of all…he never have to tell Tony…the real Tony.
“Cute, I see the recent tragedy hasn’t spoiled your sense of humor. Point is I have a job for you.”
https://youtu.be/yXQViqx6GMY?list=PLH7cOvyXwlGmM8Kc9Zm6xv9Ru9pqAF0zw
Recovery is something that does not happen over night, it is not easy and it is not fun. There were days Tony yelled in frustration and others he cried, days that Steve cried too because he just did not know what to do. In those times Bucky would be there to hold them both, whatever this was it did not need a name or traditional parameters. It was not even a shock when James Barnes told them both he loved them. It was just a natural progression. A relationship like any other.
With Thor's arrival, there was a chance at obtaining a bit more knowledge. Bruce asked if there was any documentation about the Jotnar that Thor could get his hands on. Naturally, Thor was more than happy to do so if it meant supporting his brother. Assuring Banner that he would contact Asgard and request that the royal library be searched for any and all documents. Additionally, he would send his Shield Brothers, Fandral and Hogan to neighboring realms to see if they might have any knowledge of the Frost Giants.
“Leaving me bread crumbs little red?” Tony smirked as she fell into step next to him.
Howard had secured the cradle in to the ships tiny cabin and tried his best to comfort his fussy new born. Little Tony cried when his father jostled the contraption about getting it onto the boat.
The more they prepared the more possible it sounded. To seal the deal Stark showed them a ‘specimen’ one of his former employees had been able to bring back.
Tony smiled weakly, “Yeah, I haven’t been doing that very much.”
“What if they are all daughters?”
Stark pulled a face and spun around on his work-stool. “Pep come on that’s not true - I care about a lot of things! Also, this does affect me if you consider all the shit I have built for SHIELD in the last few years. If they‘re dirty and have been using my tech I think I‘m entitled to know about it. I have a strict – no psycho killers or world domination bound megalomaniac policy.”
“Say it.”
The alpha’s fingers dances across the ivories and his voice croons gentle words. “Smile though your heart is aching. Smile when your heart is breaking. When there are clouds in the sky, you'll get by. If you smile through your fear and sorrow. Smile and maybe tomorrow…You'll see the sun come shining through for you..”
Why haven't I posted.....
Presently, there was a warm comradely in his heart when gathering in the communal kitchen. After the evening meal the trio could frequently be found over cups of fragrant tea talking among themselves over the events of the day. Loki found himself calm and from the corner of his eye caught his own reflection and thought.
“It is though, all because the us government decided to play god 70 years go.” Steve turned back and looked him in the eye. A look of so much pain and regret. “If I hadn’t been so stubborn.. I would have never been in project rebirth. Bucky would have never fallen from that train, your parents…they..”
“I’m addressing the hostel takeover, trust me I’m a professional.” Tony said, reaching over to the bedside table and taking a jar of Shea butter. The inventor warmed a dollop of the lotion in his hands before rubbing soothing circles over the heavy mound.
“I know Tones. I know.”
Tony grinned and sat up against the headboard. “ Better than Wheaties, although you’re still not at coffee level.”
Tony eyes the shiny green bag. “Pickle chips…really? How do you even know about those?”
Through the years Banner spent traveling around the world, just trying to stay one step ahead of the monster under his skin, he saw more than most. He'd done everything he could to some how be a better person, part of that had been doing what he could to improve the lives of those around him. The beta had extended his knowledge of medicine so that he could be help to people who where helpless. Those living on the street or too afraid to seek proper medical treatment. Whatever the case had been Bruce had been there when so many people were in their darkest hours.
“Oh yeah I do, I haven’t been out to a club in a while. There was one Bucky and I used to, had to walk pretty far since it wasn’t in our neighbor hood.” Steve hesitated on how to phrase it, he knew times where different now and not everything was politically correct.
More and more, Coulson was starting to wonder if they had dropped the ball on this a lot sooner than they all thought. Had Hydra been watching and waiting for this moment to insure who would be on deck? Could this whole thing have been a play to take out Stark and Barnes specifically?
From there things disintegrated, when Steve looked up Vengeful was barreling toward him. Steve dropped back and slammed the shield up to bank the side of the suit.
Loki agreed and swam away, leaving apart of himself behind…perhaps now there was nothing left. She did not love him and maybe…all the love he had for her was in that stone because he could scarcely feel a thing with in him. Perhaps, it was better that way.
“I am well, I saw Logan off a moment ago, and he and the team have some business to attend to. It looks like I will be taking over History class for today.”
This wasn’t war, this wasn’t tactical and maybe that’s what made it difficult. Because Steve never was good at social situations, which had always, been Bucky’s thing. Steve would always stand off to the side and smile and try to make interesting conversation. Try being the operative word. Steve had a bad habit of just glowering with out realizing it, his face stringent some mildly irritated/pained resting state. Maybe it was because he’d spent so much of his life in pain that his expression slipped into it so easily. People often miss read his strict appearance for foul disposition or judgment these days.
..this ...this is how she felt wasn't it?
Suddenly, a thought struck him; he wouldn’t have known the color of Tony’s suit back then. That audacious hot rod red wouldn’t have seemed nearly the same to his pre-serum eyes. Nor the subtle flush in the inventor’s cheeks or the hand prints the alpha left on his own skin during the heat. None of it would have been the same.
“Oh for Christ sake… Stark keep it together.”
“Steve how could you! The sea monkeys are going to hear this disrespect, “The smile was board and welcomed after the sleepless nights Steve had. He missed this banter, this comfort.
Maybe it was all the practice Bruce had at keeping calm that made him the best mad for the job, or maybe one could call it fate. Still, he had a kind of charm over the mischief maker that no one else did. No one in all of the nine realms had been able to contain Loki the way the gentle Doctors words and subtle touch could.
Suddenly that dreadful feeling was smothered by thick muscled arms and a broad chest. The scent of rain, steel, and the under tones of pine soaps. “Brother...”
“You can come in if you like, I know we haven't really talked much one on one Loki but... well the kids miss you and...”
AN: Ok so because I destroyed your hearts I thought I’d pick this back up and mend all the painful lil bits.  Just for ambiance, I wrote this listening to Wax Audio mash up (Beatles/Massive Attack)  “Golden Teardrop” something about it really resonated with me for the scene with Loki and Bucky .
Tony spent most of dinner telling the omega not to be ashamed to ask for more food, they both knew Steve could pack it away because of his metabolism. They did have a few photographers try to catch them at the exit but Happy had followed in one of the company cars and managed to muscle most of the paparazzi away. They had been lucky; the incident hadn’t put Steve off much if anything he was shocked at the lack of respect. Tony found the blonds righteous anger somewhat cute, and defiantly sexy the way he could still see the definition of the Captains’ muscular form even under the well fitted suit.
"I see that Petey pie," He said scooping the child into his lap to have a better look at the drawing.
Peter was napping on the sofa with Tony carding fingers through the sleeping child’s hair. “He’s probably going to need therapy now…I made our kid need therapy Steve. I told you I would screw this up and now I have, I‘m just like Howard. ”
“Don’t worry, you take care of things here and I’ll take care of everything else. Bruce and I will keep Pete tonight and then in the morning we’ll bring him by so you all can have some time together. I know you’re just looking out for him Steve, for both of them.”
“HOLD FAST DON’T LET THEM BOARD!” A shout went up above the fray, the two ships engaged just a few hundred yards away from the shore. The booming cannon fire could be heard for miles and the plumes of gray and black smoke rose to the clear skys and spread out like one of the fishermens nets.
No one knows an Omega like an Omega.
I... have no explanation
Any question he may have would be answered soon enough as the mage slipped through the sliding glass door- phone in hand. He looks surprised to see his mate standing there in the kitchen holding a glass like a piece of forensic evidence.
Howard stumbles away from the cold truth of it and his back impacts with the corridor wall. Part of him wants to give up right then, just sink to the floor, pray that the earth opens beneath him, and swallows him whole. Yet he does not do that because there is one thing in all this darkness...one light left and he needs desperately to know if it's still there. "And the baby?"
That's what made this all the more disturbing – they hadn't seen this coming. Sure there had been chatter about someone knew in the Hydra ranks, but it wasn't anything that left the SHIELD offices. They claimed to have a handle on things.
“Looks like just one this time around so it should be a lot easier on you.”Banner said with a laugh before handing over a towel.
“Spotted a few toys that haven’t hit the market yet too,” Bucky, said gesturing over to a back lit case on the wall that held a strange looking blade that seemed to glow with electricity.
By now, James had made his way across the yard and rubbed his nieces back. “She's been pretty good, don't worry so much Punk. As I recall it there was another squirrelly little blonde I used to have to tell to relax.” He winked.
“Jarvis film off and bring up the lights.”
But no. No one listens to Steve when he talks. Nope, cant consult 'old man Rogers'.
“My baby, I'm just like papa.” The little one said, gently laying the baby doll down on the table next to his plate. “Go to sleep now baby. I gatta eat now.”
Bruce liked to introduce Loki to all of the little out of the way places in New York that reminded him of his many travels around the world. The city was rich with culture of every kind and if you knew where to look, you could spend hours exploring. Today's plans had been just that and was going well, Loki seemed pleased with trekking through the city and the hidden gems of tiny shops.  Finally the two of them began to feel the first pangs of Hunger and Bruce suggested a small family owned Indian restaurant that served authentic cuisine.
James had never been good at this sort of thing, he couldn‘t hold his temper. “ Well you sure as hell are acting like one! It‘s not like you let me help you ! You think I‘m stupid? You think I don‘t know you‘re lying to me all the damn time! I can feel you hiding, I could bitch about that! But I don‘t!”
After all...everything he touched turned to smoldering ash so why would his garden have been any different.
“The Sergeant is progressing well, Lady Eir was able to heal his mind in part and while some of the damage done can not be undone- she feels he is no longer a danger to himself or others.”
“So that’s basically it, Stark’s been Fury’s personal nuke.. least until a few days ago. They had a meeting and it didn’t go well. To be honest I’m surprised Nick didn’t find himself sans-another eye. Tony isn’t exactly a conversationalist these days.” Natasha said leaning back in her chair.
“Doctor Banner, might I have a word with you before I depart?”
His evenings were focused on helping another member of his family. Loki, the omega had become very important to all of them and Bruce truly hoped he could aid in easing the ravenettes pain.
Tony nodded setting his briefcase down next to the former soldiers abandoned chair, “We wouldn’t want that, last time Capsicle woke up confused he broke a wall. Not that I can’t afford the repair, I would just rather not have to dust sheet rock off a senior citizen today.”
Natasha sat back in her chair, folding her legs up and taking a deep swig of some off brand soda they got out of the hall vending machine. “Could it be the difference in species? Thor said Loki was a ..Jotun, Frost Giant right? Maybe its just incompatible genetics.”
Not knowing what else to do Bruce pressed on, trying to convey the seriousness of the situation. “I don't want to have to ask Barnes if I can, not while your coherent. However, if I think you're in danger and you won't let me help you I will.” Bruce hated the idea that Alpha's still held the right to deny or allow medical treatment for their mates. With all the social advancements they still had a long way to go.
The baby had survived but he was small and weak from being born far too early. The midwife had done her best but told Howard to not hope for much more than a few precious days. The newly widowed inventor refused. He wouldn't lose the only thing he had left. The last remaining tie to his precious Maria.
Pepper merely smiled and ran her fingers through his hair when she'd come down to the Lab with an offering of hot teas and toast. How had he gotten that lucky? Watching her go and meet Natasha in the elevator had warmed something in his heart. Bruce genuinely wanted Loki and James to feel that to, to have the happiness they deserved after all the hard work and trauma they had gone through to make it her.
There was also that dark feeling lingering on their bond. Anxiety and loathing that just made him grip the steering wheel a little too tight and if that cracking sound was anything to go by...they now needed a new steering wheel.
“Damn would a hello kill you? You know I thought your generation was all about manners. Steve would be scandalized.” Tony replied on the other end of the line.
Tony scoffed, “that was an order Jarvis. I wasn’t looking for suggestions.”
Wouldn't that just be his luck?
Watching the cloudy yellow of the lemonade swirl around the little cubes of ice, Loki listened to the question. His composer waning as the outside of the glass began to frost over in his hands. Placing the tumbler on the counter he glared at his palms tinged blues. “I see, surely they can't have missed all of my assignments. I was frequently the instructor that gave the most homework you know.”
If Tony was really all right then why?
Loki dammed himself for the slight tremble. She had seen it, he knew she had.
Male Omega---both, smaller male genitalia,(intersex basically)
The words hung in the air like an ominous web, home to some jet-black creature with piercing fangs threatening to eat him alive. IT was a nightmare, one he couldn't even wake from to escape the stabbing aching in his chest. Howard and Maria had been so happy; everything had been perfect. It made no sense that a thing like this should happen. What had he done? Why her?
Through their research Loki had noted several institutions that had complaints ranging from abuse to sex trafficking. He passed along the list of said locations to Stark. James was sure every single one of those places would be raided by dawn.
“Sir, you have a call from a Ms. Maya Hansen.”
’, and promptly shooed every member of medical staff out of the room.
Peter clamped his hand over his alphas mouth." wade....not in front of my parents."
In a few strides, the alpha was by his side and rubbing his mates lower back “Is it the Braxton hicks again?”
The sound of rapid gunfire cut through the pain, the pressure finally abating long enough for Tony to drag himself up. Charging the right repulsor, he took aim. “Barnes get down!”
"oh? Such a acute change. Though I suppose, saving your entire species would earn me a modicum of peculiar fondness."
After Steve put that plane in the pacific, it turned the war around. It inspired a nation to become their own heroes. The more he thought about it the more he realized that’s what they needed again. Even if that patriotism was all marketing and frills it was enough to give them an edge. To give them a cause, after they had that cause they would be ready to fight.
Focusing less on the grace of Loki's movements and seeing them as usual, he watched them for what they were – practiced. He saw more this time – it was an act. A carefully crafted act but an act none-the-less. Loki no longer had an effortless air about him, each dismissive sign and fluid hand gesture seemed to take no much concentration. When had that happened?
The couple had slept into the early morning, or at least James had. Loki on the other hand had remained quietly awake, back turned to his alpha. He did not shy away from the arm that draped around his waist or the and than searched for his. There was no need to upset James after all; the poor man had been away from home so often lately. Why should Loki ruin his first day off with such trivial matters?
This was a place he could go to be forgotten.
“You…Son of Coul…I killed you” He commented pulling an emery board from his armor and tending to his nails.
He declines Thor’s offer, he knew how Loki felt about Asgard. “I’ll handle it.” the solider assured. “I can take care of him. He just needs time.”
Steve was thankful for the levity, it is amazing how getting shot a few times made him feel like he did on any given day before the serum. He had almost forgotten what it was like to ache all over and have to lean with one hand on the wall just to use the Jon without falling over.  The alternative for any normal person would have been to die from such injuries. At the very least, he could thank the serum for that, or was he that thankful?
Tony sneered and picked up the sniveling criminal, “You killed a woman, a mother, a wife in front of her child. Didn’t you.”
“I'd have to agree with you there, but I understand why.” Coulson said dropping an empty clip from his pistol. “I'd hate to be hydra right about now.” It was clear to anyone watching that Loki had one goal in mind and regardless of what or who was in his way he'd get there.
Tony realized, to his horror, that it could be possible. They didn't really know how extremis worked yet, as it never had a human clinic trial – and for good reason. “An army of immortal healing soldiers, yeah that sounds as fun as a colonoscopy with dental tools.”
The zodiac themed baddy had shown up in central park, barreling through the gates with several semi trucks filled with an android army in the likeness of his former companions who once represented the other members of zodiac. Some of which who had fallen and other who were currently rotting in shields secrete prisons. This seemed more than a little creepy to at least a few of the avengers.
“Steve look at me, I'm right here sugar, there is no where else I'd rather be.”
Any doubt that may have resided in Steve's mind was gone. He could do this, and he is keep doing because it is worth it. Everyday it's worth it.
{ACHIEVMENT UNLOCKED!}
“Oh don’t worry your pretty little head sugar lumps, how does fruit and whip crème in bed sound,” Tony said waggling his brows suggestively as they made their way to the elevator.
Barnes was up and moving almost instantly, “Jarvis, call Banner and Dr. Cho.” he knew Bruce wasn’t that kind of doctor but it would take Cho a while to get to the tower so his teammate was the best they had right now.
Pepper had likely spoken to Tony and he was probably sending her to do his dirty work. On the other hand, maybe it wasn’t even was that, maybe Steve just wasn’t even worth a face-to-face rejection. Phil…well Phil was probably there to make sure Steve didn’t lose his temper and break something…like Tony.  Not that he would, no…the soldier had already made peace with what was about to happen.
He wasn’t going to be doing it alone this time either. Director Nick Fury of SHIELD said that he would be leading a group of exceptional individuals.
“As have I.” Loki replied gently leaning back into his soldiers strong chest. “Will you pour the wine?”
The tactic was a good one, the because the more that Tony thought about it…no he hadn’t. They said it was bad…that he didn’t need to see that. The story had been that Steve was shot; there was a shield operative that had seen it go down.  A good woman that Hill said she trusted. After that the building exploded, Hydra made sure the super soldier was finished. They killed Steve, burned him.  How many nights had Tony woke up screaming wondering if Steve had been alive when the fire got to him.
“Indeed, Bruce presented us with our options.” Loki still had not looked up. “Although, considering it now perhaps it would be wrong for me to wish children of my own given my own misdeeds.”
"Good evening Mr. Stark."
Maybe he was a fool, an old fool with ego that still liked a good pet. Maybe he was wrong for winding his fingers through that long ink black hair and pulling Loki's hair back, bending that sinful form to his will and loving the ease of it.
Barnes just laughed and kiss the back of his lovers neck. “Not a demon hun. You feelin a lil better? I can get you some crackers and soda if you want.”
“We don’t need to call yet.”
“I said m’fine Tony… I’m not helpless.” Steve pushed off the tree to storm away. The
“Sorry, I haven’t set up the shuffle board. My sciatica and what not.” Steve said with a smile.
“I’m not mad,” The inventor broke the silence, “Well I am but, I’m not … if that makes sense. Actually, none of this makes sense when you get right down to it. It’s an affront to science and reality that we live the way we do. I have a piece of machinery in my chest - given it is a beautiful and gloriously designed piece of machinery but still. I put on a suit of superior alloys and I fly around shooting things. That’s my life. I have a guy in my house who turned into rage-fueled monster with the complexion of celery. There’s a Alien or.. Norse god who the hell knows. Two super secrete spy friends, and a super soldier who the entire world thought was dead. We have saved the world and this city from freaky cult terrorists. Literally none of that should be a thing.”
Stark industries rejoined the weapons game, and Iron man rejoined the skies.
Tony couldn’t help but watch the way the city lights cast a laminating glow in the omegas stormy blue eyes. It made them brighter…older in a way. The shadows and light playing on the other mans face only highlighted his features, sowing the soft lines around his eyes that usually went unnoticed. The slight thickness to the upper bridge of his nose, the fullness of his lips, but the eyes…it always comes back to those eyes.
“ya got the short stick kid. Not even here and I’m already messin up.”
“Fine thank you Agent. The children are quiet proficient in their studies. Very gifted indeed.” Sipping the tea that now just tasted like ash.
“Loki?”
There was something oddly healing about that moment, standing there on the penthouse balcony with his family. A little candle in a lantern sitting on the patio table between them.
In that moment, Tony believes Bruce, he has to believe him because he has to believe that this is going to get better, that he did the right thing when everything in his head is going a million miles and hour. He just wants to slow everything down again and feel like he used to. Maybe that's why he lets the beta wrap his arms around him, why he leans into his friends shoulder and just shelters there for a few blessed moments trying to pull himself together. He has to get himself straight so that he can be there for Steve. For the kids.
“What is it?”
Loki sniffed over his bowl of ice cream, he thought of Odin's words, how the old man had felt it a waste for Loki to entertain the Midgardian. How the All-father had plans in motion to marry Loki off to a noble family and then revel his species to all of Asgard. It was meant to heal the Jotnar in the eyes of the people. Well, Loki wanted no part of his -not fathers plans. There would be no way to wed him away if he was no longer chaste. “I...I want you, please alpha.”
The mouse looked over her shoulder to the other mice, one with only three legs squeaked petulantly at the question. Natasha shook her head.
The last time was the last time I'd let anything in
“Um…um…t-t-tony….” Bruce stuttered with wide eyes pointing behind his friend.
Tony genuinely liked spending time with another Alpha. Someone to challenge and just hang out with, someone he could talk to and on some level confide in. They were connected in a strange way; Tony was a tie to Steve’s past, so much like the man he once knew - yet not at all like Howard. It grounded the solider in this new time, gave him something familiar and safe.
Steve didn’t say anything but he did relax, he watched as Tony bandaged his hand. He could say he didn’t need it - the serum would handle it. However, the serum had more important things to tend to now so maybe he should just allow it.
The way Steve wanted to protect a killer…
“You’re not going to tell me are you? Even if I asked.”
On the contrary, there those born of darkness itself, something that no one can interpret or comprise. As much apart of their makeup as the color of their eyes or the sound of their voice. The soul itself...is tainted.
“The young Master and Mistress have informed me that you are equal parts, unfair and not cool.”
“Yeah he is. Somehow I don't think you just popped by for tea though huh?” Tony leads the way inside glancing back for only a moment to observe an enormous man made entirely of metal step out and start cleaning off the windshield." Interesting body guard.”
Making her way to a set of metal stairs, Natasha notices another tell. The dust had been disturbed by the treed of boots, small V patterned inner treed with a wider outer treed. Standard issue for SHIELD field operatives, the size is obviously a mans shoe.
Barnes massaged the back of his neck; the morning had not been one of Loki's better ones. “Let me head up and see how he's feeling, he went to lay down a little while ago.”
“Should I be worried that you’re willing to betray Fury so easily?” Steve said as he stood behind Phil watching the agent enter a code into the door panel. It still burned him that Fury had lied to them about the other man’s death. There had been so much hurt in the wake of that loss. Yet without it, the avengers may have never gotten their act together. It was impossible to weigh what if’s against morals now. Tony always used to scold him that the world wasn’t just black and white. Just because something felt ‘wrong’ to Steve, it didn’t automatically make it wrong. Perception was a hell of a thing.
What is it : Loki
In a blink of an eye, their world went spinning in a flash of light and sound. One moment Steve’s hand was clasped around his and the next… the next Tony was waking up to a shrill ringing in his ears and pain in head. He was looking up at the city sky, the towering buildings and glow of lights that blocked out the stars.
AN: Ok I know in the comics/films Extremis is a 'days long process' but for the function of this story- I'm speeding this up. I hope that's cool with y'all, if it's not....well I don't care lol smile and have a coke cause that's how this shit is playin out today. Additionally, I want to apologize for the gaps between posting. There has been a lot going down in my personal life and sometimes it just sucks the life out of me. In unrelated news, for any of you Harry Potter fans out there. I have started a HP one-shot book. Not going to lie it isn't great as I have never written for that fandom before. I don't know all the tiny details some super fans of that series may know. However, I do have love for the world and it's characters so I have been giving it a go. If I get a lot of positive feedback on it there may be a full length fic. Probably Snupin Ship ans Severitus .  There is also some possibility of a Marvel HP crossover GammaFrost Fic. So keep your eyes peeled for that. Ok, enough of my yammering on, on with the story!
