The genius forced herself to take a few deep breaths as she pushed off the metal railing of the boat. It dented easily under the Iron Man's grip, as she tried to calm herself with a strong count. "Not now."
"Rogers," she said, as she put her hands flat on his chest and pushed.
Her panic overtook her, and she stumbled, crashing to the ground hard. Her hands stung, as she caught herself. With her heart in her throat, she crawled to the wall on her aching knees and climbed to her feet. It took everything in her not to collapse again, and if it wasn't for the wall, she would've. Breathing heavily, she closed her eyes, as she tried to calm herself down. "Just breathe, Stark," she weakly ordered. "Breathe."
"I got you, Tones. It's okay." His best friend replies softly, keeping him close. However, his soft tones don't last long. "Back off, Barnes," Rhodes warns softly.
She couldn't contain that laugh, which echoed throughout the craft, drawing several heads toward her. "I can probably handle it better than you," Toni said, feeling slightly better. That laugher had brightened her day. "And I would make a sexier CEO than you."
"I need a drink," Toni said, turning from the super soldier. Her eyes were on the bar, and she made her way toward it.
But, the woman didn't respond, and the only movement from the scientist was the blood leaving her body and trailing outward. The dirty copper smell filled the room, and it made Toni's stomach flip and brought tears to her ears, but she couldn't look away. It was like a car accident. She just stared at the blood for a good while, and she watched as it acted like a growing spider web.
"You bitch," he hollered as the car jerked to the left and off the road. It tremored violently, as it drifted onto a dirt, rocky path at high speeds.
find you. And he will
"So how was your day, Bucky?" Rogers asked, after he had finished his meal. He was sitting next to Toni, who was picking at her food. She hadn't eaten much.
Rogers turned to her. "Maybe, your dream self has matters."
"So did you speak to Thor?"
Phillips knew where Rogers was coming from, but they didn't have the man power for that, and Rogers was too emotional to see that. Maybe, it was a good thing he didn't know about Toni, though he wasn't too sure of their relationship. It seemed like he had a thing for Agent Peggy, which just annoyed him. "They're thirty miles behind the lines through the most heavily fortified territory in Europe," he answered. "But I don't expect you to understand that, because you're a chorus girl."
"Wait! Wait! Hold on! How is this now about me?" Toni said, loudly, as she stepped forward. There was shock in her voice that surprised him, even if it was masked by a joking tone.
Natasha perks up and turns to Tony, eyeing him. "Are you okay, Stark?" she asks, as she runs her hand over his boot.
"Director Fury wanted to speak with us about a theory." Natasha said as she handed the suitcases to Banner, who took them both and placed them on the desk.
"I know that!" She snapped. "I'm not a child." Here it was again. He was treating her as he did in the future with the kid gloves. He didn't believe in her, and she tried to ignore the fact that it hurt.
Was that worry in his voice? When did he start caring about her personal wellbeing? Didn't he infer that she was selfish earlier? Why did he change his tone? "I can just order in. Burger King sounds good."
"Now, Rogers, I thought you were getting me ready for bed? Why am I still in wet clothes?" she asked, giving him a long smirk.
"I'm not annoying. I'm magnificent."
"First of all, they don't want me. You all are crazy. Second of all, I don't want them. I'm a
Pinning her arms against his chest, he trapped her in his arms. "Why don't you go with your SHEILD buddies? You don't want them to leave without you," she said, staring up into his eyes. "I wouldn't mind that."
Hey all. DON'T HATE ME. I am sorry that it took so long. There is really no excuse, but i hope you like this chapter.
Toni sat down near the front of the craft where Phillips usually sat and before putting her pack away, she pulled out a pen and her journal to sketch out another design for her Iron Man Suits as it was one of the few things that could calm her.
"Then do it."
Toni took a deep breath, feeling her exhaustion creep back on her. Trying to shake it off, she placed her hands palm down on the bed and pushed up. She held herself there as her arms begun to shake beneath her. She pushed herself back into the headboard, trying to knock herself awake, but no one noticed as all eyes were on Dugan and Jones.
It was one the things that the genius could smile about, as no matter what she was wearing, what day it was, or what she was doing, Toni was wearing a pair of converses to work: a win for the brunette while she filled in for Pepper on her month long vacation. -Again, why did Toni agree to this?- So in either a pair of pants or a skirt, Toni was wearing a pair of red and gold converse, and she didn't care about the looks she got from the Stark Industries' employees, not that she wasn't already used to the looks. If she wasn't getting looks, the genius would be worried.
"Ouch," he mocked. "That hurt." He was smiling. "I thought we could be friends."
Phillips cut back to the table in a sharp turn. "My name in Colonel Phillips. Please refrain from calling me Salty." He took a deep breath to calm himself. "I trust Stark for the most part. I do not trust someone with no record. I cannot locate any record of you existing."
The Asset would do it in less. He would do whatever it took to get back to his Brunette. He would burn the world if he had to. He ignored the feeling in his pit of stomach at the thought of killing Captain America, but he pushed it away as fast as it formed. It was ghost that he would rid himself of. All he needed was the mission and he would do it.
Toni shook her head as she got to her feet and turned to the window. Her eyes scanned over parking lot, though she wasn't sure what exactly she was looking for. She wasn't expecting anyone, not that there would be someone to expect. Steve was off doing god knows what with the Spy Twins; Bruce was in stupid New York, hidden away in the tower; Thor—not that she expected a visit from the god—was off planet doing Thor like things. Jim was off with the military somewhere, looking into these Mandarin attacks, while Toni was alone with her nightmares. No, she wasn't bitter. She was just exhausted, tired. All she wanted to do was sleep, but she couldn't. All she saw were ghosts, and they weren't the friendly kind.
"We aren't normal."
come out of a coma. You should be resting."
If JARVIS was human, he might've chuckled at Clint's outburst. "I must contest, Agent Barton. As I am connected to both Stark Industries mainframe and the World Wide Net, my knowledge is ever growing. It would be impossible for me to 'stupid.'"
Bucky curses, which is like a punch to the gut.
Toni knew to what he was referring to: the kiss, but she wasn't sure why. Did he not like her? It didn't matter right now, because she could see how broken he was. "Come here," she said, reaching toward him. "If anyone is a shitty friend, it's me. Not you." She thought back to the kiss with Barnes, and it almost killed her. How could she just kiss Rogers after she had kissed Barnes?
When Natasha hacked her way into the Stark's mainframe—something Toni was going to flip over, not that it could really be called Hacking…as she used Steve's code…he didn't know how to use it—and found the message from Toni, Steve felt like could breathe again. He had been able to think again. He was able to live again, as the very thought of living in this world without Toni scared him. Now, that may sound extreme—with the very idea scaring even him-, but she was the only person left from his past. She was the last person to see the
"Why?" Barton asked. Toni heard a slap and wondered who in the hell got slapped. She hoped it was Rogers, but she knew it most likely wouldn't have been him. "Why did you hit me?" Barton asked, answering her question.
There was no doubt what Pierce wanted to talk/ask about, and Steve didn't have an answer for. He wasn't sure what and who the former Director was hiding from, but he knew he wanted to keep whatever was on that drive away from SHIELD. What the hell was going on here?
"Lies," Toni replied, her eye twitching. "I always look good. And buddy, my eyes are up here." She knew what Maya and Aldrich were staring at, and she hated it. She felt exposed as those two stared at one of the most important gifts she had ever gotten. These dog tags meant more to her than she cared to admit.
But that was easier said than done as he spotted the Brunette, decked in a worn suit of armor, and a black man heading toward the boat in the distance. With annoyance growing, the Asset didn't know how he missed them exiting the compound, but they were getting away, and he couldn't allow that. However, it didn't seem like he had much of a choice, as the speed boat zipped away before he got close. Feeling a different emotion bubbling inside of him, he knew that was one thing: it didn't matter how far Toni went he would find her.
Toni snorted. "I know what it looks like when someone is following me and he was following me." Shaking her head, she took a deep breath. "He wanted to take me to his master," she stated, unsure if she should tell him that, but she decided that since it didn't have anything to do with the future, it was fine.
Steve laughed again as he dabbed the towel around the reactor. He felt his heart beat against his chest as he softly patted the skin beneath reactor. He moved his wrist in a cycler movement, making sure to dry every inch of her. Standing up slightly, he run the towel over her chest before moving up to the shoulder. He smiled, hearing a groan from the silent Genius.
"Let's take this back to our room," Steve says, his voice husky. He's watching the two with an intense look in his eyes. "I think we all need to be reintroduce to each other. Been
"Hostile," he muttered as he raised his hands up in defeat. "I'll leave you be." He stepped away from her and crossed to a separate table.
"We'll find Toni," Bucky spoke. He took the lead as Steve was filled with worry. He could see the doubt and worry in Steve's eyes, which was strange. Steve had never been the guy to run in fear, when he should have. There had been times that Steven should've run. He had gotten his ass kicked at many times because he wouldn't back down from a fight. He was an idiot at times.
Being perceptive, Natasha seemed to sense and understand his hesitation/frustration, and she didn't bring up Toni, unless she did something stupid to piss off Fury. "We're good," she said, giving everyone the death look.
"Work," he answered. "Leaving so soon?"
Toni took a deep breath as she thought about her growing relationship with Rogers. Since that night he slept outside the bathroom and with it being just her and Rogers in the apartment, she had become a little (she refused to be any more than a little) closer to him. The closer she got to him, the less she could hate him, and she loved to hate him. Then there was the fact that it was getting easier and easier for him to read her, which annoyed her. He had been able to see that she wasn't sleeping.
"I…I…can't…breathe," she stated as she played with her collar, trying to loosen it. It was suddenly getting too hot, and it had started to snow again. "I don't know what to do. What am I doing?" Her Tail could've killed her and there was nothing she could've done. She wasn't able to protect herself. When he had her pinned, her brain was useless and she couldn't do anything.
"No, she's mine," his fellow resident stated from behind him.
"I can't get him out of my head," Toni admitted, crying.
Also, whoever tried to kill her was going to die a painful death. A slow painful death. That was a given.
Pepper only hug her tighter. "Oh, you. Never do that again."
She tried to jerk her arm away from him as she could feel her arm start to bruise, but she couldn't break free from his grab. "Why are you trying so hard?" she snapped. She was too exhausted to be friendly, not like she would've been friendly in the first place.
"Killing me," Toni uttered, closing her eyes and leaning back.
Also the first section, I am not too sure about it. I wanted to show Toni in a complete darkness and I am not sure if it came out like that.
Again, he was staring at her.
"I need some air," she said, closing the box and slipping it into her pocket. She all but ran away from Phillips who let her leave without saying a word.
Toni couldn't watch this, but there was nothing she could do. How could she lose Steve so close after losing Bucky? She wasn't sure how much of this she could take. "Steve," she muttered, fighting back the tears.
With a heavy sigh, Toni closed her eyes, resting her head against the chest. "You're my home, Silly."
He had the biggest smile on his face as he looked in her eyes. "I have seen you naked, Toni," he said, as his thumb caressed her cheek. "Why wouldn't I be attracted to you? Why wouldn't I want to kiss every inch of you?"
"Natasha," he uttered, sounding like a scorned child.
Rounding a corner, she saw Colonel Salty speaking with Howard Stark, and she froze, unable to motivate herself to move. Howard, who looked different from what she remembered, appeared to be healthy and happy, which Toni couldn't remember in her time with him. He hardly showed a smile, and the last time she saw him, he looked worried and tired about something that Toni wasn't aware of. He didn't speak to her about his troubles.
Clint smiled as he picked his cup back up. "Good. He better. Mommy and Daddy need to get together, so we can be one big happy family."
She wondered when she had gotten to the point that she preferred her absent father to Captain America. "I'm peachy… In fact, would you happen to have a peach? I have a peach craving right now," she said, hoping to change the subject.
Steve glanced around, noticing a few eyes on him. He wondered briefly if they knew who he was. "I didn't mean to insult you, Director Fury," he said. "The file that I'm looking for wasn't included in the case."
Bucky walked to Steven and put his hand on best friend's shoulder. "Calm down and take a deep breath. You're getting worked up over a total stranger."
"You don't need to Ma'am me, Steve. It's just Pepper," Pepper stated as she turned to leave.
It took a few seconds before Toni's senses kicked in and she could think. She had a fighting chance, considering how many guns were in her hand's reach. As not to draw attention, she slowly reached for a gun, but froze, feeling a knife to her neck. Though she tried to control it, she shuddered visibly as she wondered how someone had gotten behind her without her noticing.
*O*O*
"Easy. Steve and I are friends," Toni responded as she put her hands up in defense. Her mind flashed to a few of the future Rogers and her conversions; there were times that she thought he was going to snap on her. To get him that angry wasn't easy, but yet, it was normal for her. "Trust me, Steve and I are not compatible at all. We would so kill each other." She let out a chuckle. "His head would explode. He would not be able to handle all of this." She popped out her chest and motioned to her body.
"No!" Toni knew he was joking, but she took some offense to that. "I need a core. Please," she begged, puffing out her bottom lip.
"Are you look for the Captain and Barnes?" he asked as he looked at her. "They're checking on something. They'll be back soon."
Toni kept her gaze on the heels, hardly seeing Aunt Peggy not wearing them. Usually, whenever she heard the soft clicking of heels, it was a calming, knowing her favorite Aunt was there to see her. With Peggy, there was no judgement, and the genius loved that. She loved that she could talk to the Agent about anything. "I don't know if I agree. I feel like I don't know him at all," she said, slipping her right foot into the boot. It was a struggle with the laces still tight.
Toni could have sworn that the AI had a tone. "Just do it, JARVIS."
She knew that she couldn't change the future, but it didn't make her feel any better.
If this was some kind of game, she was going to kick someone's ass—namely Sharon. "I hate it, okay? I want to beat the asshole who did it." There was no describing how she felt when Steve was hurt.
After a deep sigh, Toni added: "Fine, Spangles, I'm wearing your dog tags and I have no interest in taking them off."
"It'll be harder for us to get out."
Toni didn't want to admit that, especially to her father. Sure, he was warm, but that was now. In the future, he wouldn't be like that. He would be cold, and there was no doubt he would see weakness in her nightmares. "Not often," she lied, shaking off his hand and turning away. She couldn't allow herself to become attached to this version of her father.
"Which is?" she asked. "I won't help you breakout or help you commit any crimes."
tell Steve, but her fears were getting the best of her, and she could only think of the worst.
Romanoff gave him a look before turning back to the report. "Now!"
Toni spared him a glance before turning back to the bully. "Go," she ordered. Her good hand was balled, ready to punch the asshole in the face. Even with a broken arm, she could still kick ass...Her mind frozen for a second as it flashed back to the hand round her neck again.
With large eyes, Rogers backs up like he had been hit. "Tony."
Dum-E and U both clips as FRIDAY speaks, "I am only ensuring Boss's wellbeing."
"Dr. Erskine," Colonel Phillips spoke as he walked into the room. "I was looking for you." Peggy moved in quietly behind him, almost unnoticed. "I wanted to speak with you about your conversion with Ms….Toni," he said, annoyed he didn't have a last name to refer to her as.
Breathing heavily, Toni slowly broke the kiss to take a few deep breaths. The hunger in his kiss was almost overwhelming, and she would be lying if she said it didn't raise red flags. "Excited, are you?" she asked, eyeing him.
she yelled at herself. Sure, you couldn't trust a spy with the truth, but to assume the worse? SHIELD was supposed to protect people. "Why don't you pull over for a second? I want to call Steve."
He knows that's true, but he doesn't need her to tell him this. He knows he has to do something, even if he has no interest in admitting it. He knows he can't go on like this, because he's slowly going insane. "I'm fine," he says, sternly, as he falls back in the bed, hoping she will leave him alone. He doesn't want to talk about this or this fake pity that she thinks is real. Exhausted, he closes his eyes as if to pretend he's going back to bed, not that it's possible with the growing pain. "Not a teenager girl!"
With a deep breath, she turned back to her father, who was smiling at her with that cheesy smile of his, and as he smiled, she was cursing herself. Unable to stop herself, her hand went to her neck, to the tags around her neck, and she felt herself hate growing again. Here she was going to let another person die without saying a word. She was really a heartless bitch, wasn't she? She was really going to allow him to die, just like Barnes? Why couldn't he leave her be? Why couldn't he let her hate him? Why did she have to care for her father?
The Colonel's hand dropped to his side. "I didn't mean to."
Tony never learns what movie the group ends up picking as sleep takes him easily. With two warm bodies against him, there's no fighting it, even when the group loudly whines at seeing Barnes and Rogers give each other a kiss. Tony does not open his eyes, even if he wants to watch them make out like teenagers. It's hard to be anything but happy at this moment, and it's in a moment like this that Tony wants to say those three words, but it isn't the sleep that stops him.
"So you are admitting it now?" Howard asked.
Bruce laughed at JARVIS' remark, as the smart ass genius programed the AI with some sass.
"No, not the plan," the first one objected. "But get him to leave." Toni felt the man shift, like he was waving at something. "He shouldn't be here."
Toni could feel his voice cut through the tension in the room, as everyone shifted their attention to Steve. It was only a second later before they noticed Toni standing behind him. Her shoulders stiffened with every eyes on her. "Hey, guys. You miss me?" she asked with a smile.
"Thanks." That meant a lot to her.
(See the end of the chapter for
He needs to get out of here. Maybe, he can go and see Pepper in Malibu. Maybe, he can get those two out of his mind once he has someone else in his mind.
"Clint guessed it," Bruce replied, eyeing how close Toni had stepped to Steve.
Toni was bent over, struggling to breathe under Bucky's deadly glare. There was something demonic in his eyes, like she was staring into death itself. He was a lion stalking his prey. He wanted to play with her, torture her slowly. "No," she yelled, as she turned to the door and bolted out. Tears fell from her face. Her whole body shook, and she all but stumbled down the hallway. With her heart racing, she glanced over her shoulder to see if he was following. "No," she cried, seeing Barnes standing in the door way with his knife hand raised.
*O*O*
But again, he's hiding in his lab for another reason, though some might say it's the same reason. But he will refuse that until he's blue in the face. He's not hiding from his emotions….even if it's the truth. He would rather they think he's hiding from Barnes, which the team believes without a second thought. It's common knowledge that the Winter Soldier had killed his father, and even if he did first, the genius doesn't hold anything against the former assassin now. He was brainwashed and all. Can't blame him, even if it was easy to.
"What are you? A crossroad demon?" There was something in his voice that told her that he wasn't being dramatic. "And you won't tell me what it is?" Toni asked, thinking about it. Maybe, she should.
"Hello," Barnes replied, trying to be nice.
"It seemed like our favorite genius snuck out of a building after a conversion with Steve," Dugan said from the sofa.
Apart of her didn't want it to work, as it could be used as a weapon. This world ran on power, and to suddenly take that, there would be massive panic. The world could be thrown into darkness. She didn't want to think about the consequences if this got out. So why was she building this? She thought she was out of the weapon business. Shaking her head, she told herself this wasn't a weapon. It was a shield for her team, when they went on dangerous missions. She wouldn't let anyone outside of the Avengers get their hands on it.
Toni watched the woman for a second before she turned to the boy. From the corner of her eyes, she could see Harley. With a smile on his face that Toni couldn't look past, he stared at her, focusing on her. It was a bit unnerving, but that was to be expected. She was Toni Stark, and she was a big deal. Anyone would be lucky to meet her…well if you asked Toni.
There was no denying that, and this was why she needed this AI, who had become a part of her. He was her conscience, allowing her talk through her issues. He was her sounding board, and when she needed the AI, he was her chain to reality. "Fine, take me home." Only one thing came to mind:
Steve laughed. "I'm not interested."
"Yes, he did. Why else would he asks you to go out with Barnes and him on
I hope you enjoy the chapter. Let me know through reviews.
"When you're finished with Pierce, I'll take you to her." Rumlow interrupted.
an idiot; I know there's something wrong, Tony, and if you don't do something, you're going to break. Everyone can see it. Wanda can see
Toni stopped and exhaled slowly. "Does it matter?" She dug her hands into her pockets as she stared down at the ground. She didn't want to ask that question, even if she already knew the answer. It would be a no.
Tonight was no exception: she didn't want to be alone, but there was no one else in the tower, which was becoming more common with each passing month. Toni didn't blame Steve as he was Captain America, and he had a responsibility to the world. It was who he was, what he did, and Fury wasn't shy about sending him out at any chance he got much to her annoyance. However, Toni wasn't going to say anything, because she didn't want to be
There was a twitch in Jim's right eye as he watched Toni head toward the boat's cabin. "Fine, but I'm only dropping this for now because the Vice President is sending back up and we don't have time for a fight. But we
"I'm not afraid to hit an old man," Toni snapped, getting back in Steve's face.
Toni felt her heart race as she searched the thin envelope for the missing photo; however, no matter how hard she stared, there was no other photo. The yellow envelope was empty. With growing panic, she searched the ground, hoping that she had dropped it when she pulled the letter out. It had to be somewhere, right?
Toni's eye twitched again. "Barniez Boy doesn't have me," she stated annoyed. "He can't tame this."
Was that how Bucky felt when he fell to his death into a frozen bed of water? Did he feel anything? Was he aware that he was falling to his death? That he only had seconds left to live? Did he panic? Did he regret anything? Was his death painful? Did he feel a thing? Toni hoped not, but she doubted anyone had enough for luck that. His death was probably agonizingly painful, and he probably felt
After he got passed it and even after saying 'he didn't want to see it', he could see that Toni was beaming. Not only was she proud of the article, she was clearly proud of her body. She may not flaunt her body by wearing short skirts or skin tight dresses, but it was clear to everyone around her, even when she wore oversized t-shirts, that she had an amazing body. He may not have agreed verbally whenever she brought it up, though he did confirm it with glances whenever he thought no one was looking. There were a few times he had thought that Natasha and Clint had caught him as he noticed both of their smirks.
Toni didn't have time to even think as the Commander hit her hard in the head, sending her to the ground. Stunned but not out, Toni reached for her gun and fired at the woman, but she was too fast. She struck Toni's arm, ruining her aim. Instead of hitting the Commander, the bullet hit the down Hydra Soldier, killing him. Toni tried to aim again, but the woman picked Toni up by the neck and slammed her down into the computer towers, which surprisingly didn't break under her weight.
"You're going to get yourself killed at this rate!" Pepper yelled, still not moving. She looked too angry to move.
"Don't baby me, Barnes," she said as she slowly got to her feet. Her legs wobbled under her, forcing her lean on Barnes for support.
Toni glanced toward Natasha and Clint, who were very quiet. Natasha was watching Steve with an interesting look in her eyes, while Clint was focused on the box he dropped. He was shifting through the broken bulbs, but it was clear that he was listening to what Steve was saying as was Natasha. "And Bucky?" she asked, as she limped toward Steve. She was still covered in old and grease, and there was doubt that she smelled, but Steve didn't pull away from her when she reached for him.
However, the genius couldn't move an inch as the pair of arms tightened around her, stopping her. "No, stay," Steve groaned. "You need to rest."
"Damn," Toni replied with a weak smile.
"Okay," she replied, hating that she had left this all up to her father.
The Super Soldier didn't let him finish as he punched him in the face. "You got no idea." His eyes went to Toni for a split second; however, in that second, Schmidt struck. Steve threw his shield up to block but his weak shield was no match, and Schmidt's fist indented Steve's shield, shocking Steve. He was no weakling.
"Steve," she asked, touching her own lips, which felt funny. Did he really just kiss her? They fought nonstop about everything. Though he wasn't as much as an asshole as he was in the future, he was still that man, who told her what to do. Clint would have a field day if he found out how much she enjoyed it. "Where's Barnes?"
Toni had no idea of how she was able to crawl away because her body felt like it was on fire. Maybe, it was on fire? Every time she moved, pain shot through her, but she kept going. If she didn't, Schmidt would catch her and she would be tortured again. She couldn't last another round.
On the other side, Barnes leaned closer and placed his hand on Toni's knee and squeezed. His other arm rested behind her at the base of her neck, playing with her hair. "She needs to rest," he said, eyeing her. Her eyes were closed, feeling completely comfortable with the both of them.
Clint let out a loud laugh and smiled. "Oh, shut you. You know we all love you."
"So are you."
Shaking her head, she continued her walk slowly. It would do no good in trying to get away from him, because he wasn't going to let her. "It's just a guy from work who doesn't understand the word no," she lied. She knew someone was watching her and it was more than a guy in love. She just had to figure out who it was and why he was following her. Did it have to do with Colonel Salty? She hoped so. At least, she would know he was a good guy…though she wondered if that would be a good thing.
"I'm fine," she replied, having nothing else to say. "You shouldn't sleep on the floor. It isn't very good for your back." She stood up slowly and Rogers' hand fell from her shoulder.
, who had to wait
They both laughed. "You're something different," Gabe stated. "Why are all the good ones taken? The Captain has Agent Carter."
"Good move," said Toni as Loki put down his weapon.
"No, you don't get to do this," Bucky snaps, pain present in his voice, as he follows after the limped Tony. "You don't get to be stupid, almost get yourself killed, and run away. You don't-"
Steve stared in the non-lit fire. "No, I do not think she will." He was thinking about something, and after a few seconds of silence, he spoke again. "I really don't understand her. How can she be so careless?"
"Toni," Rogers scorned. "That's was uncalled for."
I hope you liked it. Toni finally let Steve in, though it seems like Pepper want to take Toni away.
"Why?"
"You're awake," the nurse said, clearly shocked.
"You're not leaving anytime soon, Sark," Phillips said, stepping to the end of the hospital bed. "You collapsed. You need to rest."
"Like what?" She asked, glancing back at the monitors.
Colonel Phillips narrowed his eyes at Toni as he picked up the chair in the corner and placed it in front of the table across from her. "It could just be your horrible singing."
She thought to herself. Why was they fighting? No, she didn't feel joyous at this.
"This isn't the time for this," Rogers interrupted, glancing between Toni and Howard. He had affectedly silenced the craft with his harsh, cold tone and glare. "We have a mission ahead of us to prepare for."
"About your engagement. It's all over the news. It's like a media circus and you know how I hate that crap."
Clint let out a heavy sign. "It looks like something already has," he replied, ignoring the deadly glare the Captain was sending toward his way. "Cap, don't look at me like that." He paused for a second before turning away. "Toni always gets herself into deep shit, but she always lands on her feet, and this time won't be any different."
"Yes," she stated as she pushed pass him.
want to know about your sex life. And lazy, really? You should be ashamed of yourself. You should take another lap." Gesturing at Steve, he hesitated for a moment before saying sarcastically, "Did you just take it? I assumed you just took it."
flashed before her eyes. "Though, I have an issue listening to authority, Salty."
The Asset gently traced the side of her face, putting it to memory. Toni's skin was smooth to the touch, and it song to him like nothing else. Leaving her face, he twisted her hair in his finger, taking note of how soft her messy felt. Toni had not been tied down, laying unconscious on the bed. It would've looked like she had fallen asleep if it had not been the dried tears on her face. There was a feeling boiling deep within the Asset at seeing her like this, but he made no move to correct it. She was-
"Yes, a manly body," Tony repeats, leaning against the former Assassin.
"Go after him."
*O*O*
Toni didn't retracted from Howard's arms, but she peaked out toward Peggy, who was trying to sport a smile but failing. "I don't know how any of you can say that." Tears streamed down her face.
Why couldn't she give him an answer?
Author Note:
The end for now.
There's a scream on the other side of the room. "TONY! Get your crazy robot off me!"
, Steve thought, fondly. He bent down and looked at her. "Yes, I am aware," he said, loving the fact she was wearing them and had no interest taking them off. "But it's good that you admit it though." There was a wink in his eyes as he teased her.
She picked up her head, hearing something. Deciding it was none of her concern, she turned back to her stupid device, which just teased her. It made her life a living hell. It was like it had a mind of its own, and its life goal was to make her go crazy. "Stupid-"
Toni found herself blushing like a virgin at his words. Seriously, why did he do this to her? What kind of power did he have over her? "Then why aren't you? You don't have much time? I leave in a few days."
Rogers narrowed his eyes. "Maybe, it would be best if you stayed put." He clearly did not like the idea of her coming with them, but there was nothing he could do about it.
"Captain, Mr. Banner is on his way up to speak with you," JARVIS stated after a few seconds of silence. That was one of the few things Steve liked about JARVIS as no one could sneak up on him, though it was hard to sneak up on him these days.
Toni stared at the now off lights, glaring. "Hey, Hey. This is not a make out party. You don't get to turn out my lights," she said, stepping slowly to Pepper's desk. She was slowly and surely getting the feeling back in her legs. "And I am not interested," she added, thinking of Steve. What would Steve do?
"Hey, Hey, Hey. I'm not bad at anything!" she smiled with a wink.
He padded the ground next to him, as he said, "Why don't you take a seat and talk? I won't bite."
"Why did he failed?" Bruce asked.
Did she shoot someone's puppy? Kill someone's pet? "So…" Toni started, feeling like she had did something wrong besides the usually. She rolled to her right side to look at Rhodes and Pepper.
He didn't have time to fight with her, when he didn't know if Toni was safe. Why did this all have to happen right now: Toni's freak out, SHIELD's betrayal, and Fury's death? Though he didn't want to believe it, he knew it couldn't be random. They had to be connected in some way, and didn't put him at ease. "Doesn't matter."
Both Peggy and Phillips laughed. "You know what they say about a daughter?" the Colonel inquired. "A punishment to the father for all of his sins."
Peggy let out a chuckle. "We so just did that. Interesting."
He smiled at her. "Why? Do you want me to? I can."
"I can tell," Phillips stated, annoyed.
The Captain didn't know what to make of everything that was happening around him. Between seeing Toni and being surrendered by unknown devices and people, his head was spinning. Sure, he had nothing to judge anything on in this century, but he could tell that he could trust no one especially Fury. He didn't trust that man at all even if he had nothing to go off of.
"Vous êtes instruit, contrairement au reste de ces hommes." Dernier stated, with a smile.
"Which file are you looking for?" Fury asked, eyeing Rogers. "If you're looking for some kind of peace, this won't help you. Knowing that all of your comrades are deceased will only serve to taunt you."
"How's your device going?"
"I'm not and no."
It was like they were in a movie where the bad guy won. It was a story with no ending. Toni didn't know how to explain it. It just felt
Schmidt squeezed Toni's face harder. "If you weren't useful, I would kill you now."
Bucky? She thought to herself. What was a Bucky? Or was it a who? She would assume it was a person as she doubted Rogers was a type of person who would name an inanimate object. "Bucky?" she asked. "That isn't a weapon you kill helpless, not that I am helpless, women with?" she joked again. Though I'm helpless at the moment. She didn't like that thought at all.
*O*O*
"Tony, come….me," the other one calls out. He is panicked as well. "Please. I…you…"
"I never watch what I say. That's no fun," she teased, trying to give her best playful voice.
give up, no matter how bad it looks or feels. No matter what." She took a deep breath and turned back to the Captain. "I…" She started before drifting off. "Though I can't understand what she's going through, I know how it feels to reach rock bottom and be overwhelmed by one's own past. I know how it feels not to know which way is up, Steve."
Toni didn't want to trust SHIELD; trust was for the birds. "Well, they're spies. Can we really trust spies?" she asked with a smirk. "That is their job."
"How many times do I need to say let me in? 5, 10,15 times? Let me in, please. Talk to me. "
"What are you looking for?" he asked, eyeing him.
Natasha and Clint laughed louder. "I like how worked up he's getting," Clint crossed to his teammates. "Are you sure, Captain?"
Captain.
The genius' face lit up to a bright red color. "Oh, yeah. Our imaginary child, who's going be a Stark by the way. Sorry about your luck, Rogers," she teased, trying to hide her red face.
Steve let out a chuckle. "I think your exhaustion is talking," he said. "Why don't you closed your eyes and sleep? I'm not going anywhere."
Knowing where Steve would have taken this man, Toni headed toward the alley. Again, she froze at the mouth of the alley. That damn night still haunted her day and night. How could she do anything if she was frozen with fear? She took a deep breath as she closed her eyes, trying to overcome her fear. "Not all alleys are bad," she told herself.
"Too late," Toni uttered, shaking off her best friend. "If she wants to leave, let her leave." She hated when people made her chose. "I don't need her."
She forced the growl down her throat as she pushed herself to her feet. "Stop saying my name." She hated how he said it. He said it as if he cared.
"Dollface, answer….."
Vous n'avez encore rien vu : You have seen nothing yet
A week or so has past, but the genius hasn't left the lab—not that he needs too. He has everything that he needs in the lab, including a small kitchen and a bathroom. There's no reason why he needs to go upstairs and face the rest of the Avengers. Why go upstairs and face their questions, when he has everything that he needs and wants? There's no reason to. He
"You know, it's never a good thing, when Mother and Father are fighting," Clint teased, crossing to the window. The view was amazing and Clint could understand why Toni built the tower here. "It does a team no good. Maybe, you two should just make up already. Or not, angry sex is the best kind of sex there is."
"You need to have faith!" She cheered as she grabbed onto his arm. "Any woman would be proud to have you. You just need to show them your personality."
Captain."
With a smile on his face, Sam answered, "She's just sizing me up, Cap. Did I pass, Stark?"
Salty looked at her. "Let's talk about this device and that thing in your chest. No one can figure out anything about them, not even Mr. Stark and he's our head weapons expert." The colonel spread the photos apart.
he told himself, still watching the two work. He let out a sign of relief when Toni stepped away from Banner to look at a different monitor. However his relief was short life, when Toni stepped back to Banner. She played with something in hands as she stepped back Banner. It amazed him to how touchy she was with a man she had just met.
As he stares at the hologram in front of him, he can't help but wonder where it all went wrong. When and why did the Brooklyn Twins decide he isn't good enough? Did he say something in his sleep? Did he mutter something that he shouldn't have said? Or did they just grow tired of him? Tony isn't sure, but he's tired and too exhausted to deal with his insecurities. He needs to rest and he knows it, but he can't.
"Stay out my head," he snaps. Tony does not need or want her in his head, and it doesn't take genius to know how much damage she can do.
Steve didn't like what Romanoff was saying, but he kept his cool. "Whatever she needs, I'll make sure she gets it."
Erskine was silent for a few minutes. "I don't believe she's a spy for Hitler, but we cannot be sure that she's not a criminal or a danger to the city."
*O*O*
"Toni!" Pepper scorned.
Bruce pushed himself off the bar and took a step forward. "Pepper. You must've heard."
"Are you ready to go, Sark?" he asked. He scanned the area around the base, looking for anything surprising.
You like that, West World?" Toni mocked as Harley ran off to hide. She watched the boy disappear in the night as Savin slowly got to his feet, his eyes glued on her. She could feel herself twitch under his stare, as this man didn't want to go down, refused to go down. Sure, he was glowing somehow for some reason, which made him impossibly strong, but man, she expected him to be stung for a bit or a minute. How unfair was that? However, she wasn't going to let his man get to her, especially after he mocked Steve. No one mocked Steve in front of her.
Before she could anything, her father spoke, "Toni, it's okay." He hushed her like a father would do with a soft voice, but she could see the hesitation in his eyes as he did so.
Uncomfortable in the silence, the lawyer turned to leave, without making a move to his jacket, but he froze a second later. He flexed his right hand as if he was in deep thought. "Do you wish for me to call anyone? Do you need me to get someone for you? I know this can't be easy."
He started to fuss with his jacket. "Do you-"
Steve gave her look before he crossed the dresser and opened it. "Expecting me?" he asked, eyeing the clothes.
Pepper pulled back slightly but kept Toni in her reach. "Don't ever do that to me again!" she yelled.
It took her a few seconds to realize what the pig was doing and where his hand was. She slapped him hard crossed his face and kneed him in the family jewels. He went down in seconds. "I don't date slim balls," she glared down at him. "Now get lost."
The first thing Toni became aware of was the splitting headache. The second thing she became aware of the extreme pain in her neck. It was almost too painful to open her eyes, but she didn't keep them shut in fear of being attacked. She had no idea of where she was, and the last thing she remembered was that the bitch commander and her bastard stalker knocking her out, but wherever they took her, it wouldn't be good. It was anything like the last time, it would only mean torture, which would end in death.
Tony stills, waiting for Rogers to leave before he orders FRIDAY to call Pepper. He can't have her and Roger teaming up against him again. He can't have Rogers worrying about him. He can't have anyone worrying about him. He can't suffer that kind of pain again. He can't be second best. He can't be chosen last.
Like any guy would, he bent over in pain, but he still had a hand on her. "You Bitch," he yelped as he looked away. She saw this as an opening and head-butted him. They both cursed in pain, but he let her go.
She narrowed her eyes at him, still trying to pull herself away. "What's there to talk about?"
he repeats in his head.
He blew out slowly. "You know. I'm just trying to help. Nothing wrong with asking for help."
"—and she just makes you want to knock her the out with that mouth of hers. She just likes to listen to herself speak—ear bleeding rants, but that," the assassin hissed, "is
Shocked, Steve looked at Toni, who kept stuffing her face. It was weird to see her like this when a few hours ago she was shaking in his arms. He knew she hid behind a mask that she spent years putting up, but it hurt to see her hid. He hated that she felt the need to do so. He had the urge to reach for her, but he knew better. He had to let her come to him.
He was breaking her and he didn't know it. She had promised not to leave him, even though she had to. She had to promise as she could see how broken he was and she didn't want to break him even more by say no. "Steve."
Taking a deep breath, Salty crossed back to the table. "Do you know what this is?" he asked as he pointed to an area on the map.
He turned back to the window and stared out into the endless sky. "Loki."
"So are you going to talk about it?" he asked as he took a seat on the chair next to the couch. His eyes flecked to the broken down phone on the table, and from his spot, he could see some of the pieces were burnt. He didn't ask though.
Toni put on a smile as she looked ahead. She could see her tower ahead of them, and it gave her hope. She would soon be in her lab again, where she could hide from the world, and once she had her Iron Man suit, she would fly back to the camp to look for herself. It wasn't like she didn't believe them about her device being destroyed; she just had to go back and check. She had to see it for herself. She needed to work out that false memory of those S.T.R.I.K.E. men from her head. "That my friend is the definition of being a Stark. I would've thought all of that time with my father would've taught you that."
"Bucky," Tony utters, feeling like someone has stepped on his heart.
Toni felt her anger drain from her body. "Pepper," she uttered.
"In order to track a phone, it needs to be on or be intact," Clint responded. "And let me guess, Toni's phone is either broken or not on."
*O*O*
With a deep breath, she suppressed her shiver and got to her feet. Her eyes glanced toward a light military jacket for a second but decided against it. She was still overheating, and it didn't matter how cold it was in the halls of the London base. It seemed like she was burning in hell for her sins.
To be honest, Toni didn't know where to start, where to begin. She wasn't even sure if she could even open her mouth to speak. If she was able to, she wasn't sure words would come out. This was why she needed her Captain, as he understood without any words being said. She didn't know how he did it, but Steve knew what to do or say, even if she threw everything she had at him. Why wasn't he here? Why did he have to go? Didn't he understand that she needed him? …When did she become so attached? Being this dependent was a weakness, damn it.
Clint's eyes widen. "Is JARVIS turning into Skynet?" he asked, pretending to be scared.
"Haven't I!" Schmidt kicked Steve, knocking him to the ground. Steve reached for gun, but it was knocked away leaving him defenseless. "Your humanity makes you weak." He reached down to Steve.
"You have to understand the situation that you're in." He retook the seat. "You were found trespassing in an empty lot, which looked like a bomb went off."
"If you wake Stark, I will beat you," the master assassin replied. "And I'll take one of your own arrows and shove it where the sun doesn't shine."
This was where hundreds of men trained to have a chance at become a super soldier. Though the Camp was pretty much a ghost town with guards only at the perimeter of the camp, it struck Toni as odd that the camp was so empty so soon after a war, but she supposed there was no need for it when the Super Soldier Project was dead.
Steve paused and glanced back to Clint, wondering if he should fight him on this. However, that thought only lasted for a few short seconds as he was going to need all the help that he could get. "Fine, but you better keep up," he replied, coldly. Today was one of those times that he wished Bucky was alive. That man would follow him to the end of the line, and he would do the same for Bucky. There was no doubt that they had each other's back, having a level of trust that no one else had.
*O*O*
"You know you can tell me the truth, right?" he asked as he looked around. "If someone's bothering you, you can tell me." Barnes had protective look in his eyes that Toni didn't understand. "I can take care of him for you."
Toni looked at him. "No," she said plainly.
Toni's hands shook and gave out, and she fell back into the cheap hotel bed which felt like a rock. "Hey, now. If I can't sell tickets, there'll be no old man fight."
Hesitating for a second, Toni snatched the water bottle from the stranger's hand. Her hands shook as she took it and twisted the cap off. In the brief second that she looked at him, she could tell that he wasn't like the normal hikers she had seen before. Though she couldn't make out what exactly he was wearing, he had on way too many darks layers to be comfortable in this California heat. His long dark hair wasn't even put up to help with the heat, and with this temperature, it was probably glued to his face with sweat much like her hair. When she had started this walk, she had attempted to put her hair up, but it had long since fallen out.
"I don't understand," he snapped, as he looked through the file, which was thicker than the others. He went cold at another picture of this Toni Stark, who had the same glow in her chest that his Toni had. They also had the same height, though Steve wasn't sure how he knew Toni's height. "Snap out of it," he told himself as he stared at the picture, his focus on the glow, which haunted him. "It can't be her, but it has to be. She wouldn't look that young. Maybe…." He shook his head. Nothing he came up with made sense.
"Which time?" he asked.
were gone and she was just left with replicas of their tags. What right did she have to these? Did the Colonel expect her to keep them and wear them?
Jones and Dugan chuckled at her last question, though the Captain found it anything but amusing. "I am
However, he grabbed her face and made her look into his eyes. "You should watch what you say."
"So, are you," he said, placing a kissing on her head.
Schmidt released Toni's tongue, dropped his arm, and backed slowly from her. "I thought I said I wanted to be left alone," he said coldly as he looked toward Madame Hydra, who had stepped in with quite a few hydra Soldiers.
Tony takes a deep breath as he picks up the plate. After that, Barnes started to stop by the lab more often, and he's talking more, which Tony doesn't know how to deal with. But in any case, he refuses to think of it as anything more than it is. Barnes is just a stubborn guy, who wants everyone to like him. It means he's getting better, which is good, and Tony is glad. He is glad for both Rogers and Barnes.
," he stated, putting stress on the word home.
"What a view! What can I do to get a view like this?" Said man exclaimed with a chuckle. "How much do this view cost? Your first born child?"
She didn't need to see his face to know it was deep red and that he was also annoyed at her. "Just have so fun."
Toni wasn't sure how to answer that, even if she wanted to answer that. With a sigh, she glanced at Steve's blue cotton blue shirt and pulled at it, trying to get a good hold on him. "You have your shield with you," she uttered faintly.
JARVIS was in her ear again. "I like him."
"He isn't that bad for the most part."
"As always, Boss, a great pleasure watching you work."
"I won't."
There were a few glances toward the person calling, but they all turned away once they realized he wasn't talking to them. Maybe, he's really calling to me? She turned and her mouth almost dropped. It was Rogers, but it wasn't Rogers, well the Rogers she knew at least. There in front of her was a small man (if she could call him that), and one word came to mind when she saw him: shrimp. She was sure that he was the smallest man on the planet…Okay, being overly dramatic, and it made her wonder how the hell he became Captain America.
"I have something to discuss with Rogers in private. You wouldn't want to wait here." He said, his smiling returning.
"Next time." After giving her the biggest smile that he could, he turned Sam. "Need a medic?" he teased, see his heavily breathing.
"Always happy, Gabe, but…now…isn't a good…time," Steve said, slowly as he unwrapped his knuckles.
With a sigh, Peggy stepped toward. "Let's me get you back to bed," she said, reaching toward Toni. "You shouldn't be out of bed."
Tony eyes James from the corner from his eyes, and he's not surprise that the soldier's still eyeballing him. Feeling overwhelmed, he wants Bucky to look anywhere else but at him. He feels like Bucky is looking right through him. Why is he staring at him like this? "You just want to ogle Chris Pratt," he says, trying to keep his mask up.
Loki glanced into her eyes. "I do not want your suits," he replied monotone.
However, as he listed to Toni and Bruce go on, he found himself worrying less about the hole he was digging. Though it was true that he didn't trust Fury, he disliked how her total disrespect for those around her and was annoyed that Banner was going along with this. Maybe, it was just him, but why she couldn't just followed orders?
Barnes also looked shell shocked. "Ma'am," he stated, standing up to greet her.
"Once you see it, you will change your tone," he stated as he was forced her forward. He was half-dragging her as her legs didn't want to work. "You will understand your mistake."
Toni jumped as that voice didn't belong to J.A.R.V.I.S. Shifting her weight, she turned toward the French style glass doors leading into the house to see who it was, and to her shock, it was James Barnes. For a second, she wondered how the hell he was at her house, but that only lasted a second as her annoyance at the lack of alcohol was growing. "I want to know why there isn't any alcohol in my drink," she shouted, holding her glass toward Barnes. "Maybe, you could add some?" she asked, putting on a smile.
However, she had to give it to Rogers: he knew how to make a room comfortable. His room had a homely feeling that her tower so dearly missed. He had more pictures in this one room than she did in her whole tower and that was saying something. "He looks happy," she said, picking up a photo of him and, who she assumed to be, his parents. They looked like one big happy family, and that annoyed Toni, who slammed the photo down a little too hard. The glass shattered. "Shit," she muttered, feeling like an idiot.
"Sir," the second man started, "let's just take her and go."
Ignoring everything around her, something roared inside of her. It was a lion, fighting to escape. Like she never doubted it in the first place, she knew the answer. She wanted to wake up every day to that man, but how could she? She was broken. She was seeing thing. Barnes was everywhere. "I don't want to be a burden," she said, sounding completely heartbroken.
"Oh," he muttered as he was struck with a thought. He unzipped his jacket. "Here, use my coat."
"You're asking a lot of personal questions," she countered. Remind me later when I get to my time to beat Rogers. He's annoying, she told herself. Sure, he was annoying in her time, but he didn't ask so many questions in her time. He knew better.
And again, she hated that last name. "Yea. Yea," she stated as she waved them off.
"Some would call it stupid to follow a stranger into a dark alley at night," the stalker stated. His voice was rough and emotionless, and that shocked her.
' There was a quick sketch in a corner of a boy giving a girl a flower, which was so Steve Rogers.
"Toni," Maya uttered. Her tone was unnerving, and no one knew what to make of the growing softness in her tone
"You could've finished your game," he responded.
Clint wasn't far behind. "I will personally put an arrow in everyone. And then you can make an honest woman out of her Stark and marry her. And Nat and I will watch any future kiddos."
She waved him off, but she knew he wouldn't be happy without an explanation. "I'm fine. I…just thought I saw someone I knew so I bolted out of the dinner, but I was wrong. I guess my memory is still fuzzy," she lied.
Tony buries his hands in Bucky's shirt. "No, not possible. You wouldn't-"
As if her words angered him, he crossed to her quickly grabbed her chin again. He forced her face up as he forced her mouth open. "I like your tongue so much that I want it," he said.
*O*O*
"YAY," she cheered, almost jumping.
"It's hard to process the memories," Steve admitted as he took another drink. Although these memories gave him glimpses of Toni, they were a painful experience. They felt real, but at the same time, they felt wrong and fake, and there was no control of them. There was no order to them, and he couldn't get the one that he really wanted. He wanted to know what happen to Toni in that hospital. Seeing a worry look on Bruce's face, he added, "During the war when I found out that the 107 were captured outside of Italy, I went across enemy lines to save them with no care to what happened to myself."
Clint continued, his anger flashing through. "I'm not sure why they took her, but judging by the footprints, they were toying with her. I don't know why they were playing this game but they-"
"You think highly of yourself," he said, stopping a few feet from her. He was looking at her with such disgust that it made Toni wonder how she was even alive.
Natasha and his friendship—though Steve wondered at times—was better now than it had been in the past. It was hard to build a relationship, when you didn't even know if Natasha Romanoff was her real name. How could you trust someone like that? Steve didn't think he could ever, but it didn't take long for that be untrue. Some of that Steve blamed on Toni, who cut the awkwardness with that tongue of hers. It was easy to build a connection with laugher and games. Toni took the bull by the horns and pushed until it could not be denied, which opened the door for Steve to see the true Natasha shining through.
Toni didn't know how she had lost the man, when she had followed him down an alley way before she lost him. "Shit," she cursed. "Now, that bastard got me lost." She looked around, trembling from the cold. She had forgotten to pick up the coat as she bolted out the dinner. Even if she did, Barnes would've notice and she didn't want to explain why she was chasing after some stranger.
That was a total complete nightmare, but she wouldn't tell him that. If she told him that, she would have to admit that she thought her stalker was back. And if her stalker wasn't, then she was crazy, and she couldn't crazy. "He was just a random guy," she said.
He looked up from the cash he was counting. "You can take tomorrow off."
Natasha didn't answer him right away, allowing a few long seconds to pass before she said anything. "I have to keep some of my secrets, Rogers, but for now on, I am bugging every one of her cars."
She squeezed her phone tightly in her hand, knowing very well she wouldn't be able to call JARVIS with the creepy assassin next to her. "Maybe, you can tell me your name? Or where you got that metal arm? I would love to know," she said, putting on a fake smile. The smile could be because she wanted to throw the man off or the fact that she found Rollins' knife. It must've been on her lap when the Russian assassin threw her from the car.
"To make her comply?" Rollins asked, his eyes still trained on the Asset.
Steve looked at him. "You're probably right." He glanced back to his bedroom before turning to the couch.
"No last name, Toni?" he asked, sounding annoyed as he tapped his fingers against his leg. He didn't have time for this.
She silently stood there for a few seconds thinking before she turned back to him. "I don't know what you want from me, Rogers."
The dress had a high neck, which covered the reactor, but that didn't mean it was hidden. Toni was staring at her chest looking for any hints of the blue glow. "I can see it," she muttered. "Or maybe, I can see it because I know it's there. Yep, that's it," she announced. It really wasn't that noticeable and no one would notice it unless they were looking for it.
"Is someone getting a divorce?" Toni asked, still trying to figure out what was happening. Seriously, it was a war zone going on in this room with the Avengers one side, and Pepper and Rhodes on the other.
Tony groans loudly. "No, I don't want them in here," he says quickly. He can see the gears turning in her head as she stares at him. He can see her expression change as if she is hit with a realization, and he knows it isn't good.
"As you wish, and I must say that would be wise. Tensions are on the rise. Colonel Rhodes and Agent Baron are seconds away from a fist fight, Miss." JARVIS replied.
"How often?"
"Then we can take over-"
Steve's heart started to race as he thought of her. It was amazing what that woman could do to him, a super Soldier; she could make him melt. She could leave him speechless. Without another word, he bolted pass them and out of the gym, and without realizing he had even asked, he asked JARVIS of Toni's location. He was in auto drive at the moment, as he raced his way toward the robotic Lab.
Phillips was sitting in a chair by her bed side. "Dr. Zola didn't want it. I was tempted to eat it myself but I figured I would be nice and give it to you."
*O*O*
Toni glanced up at him as she kind of wanted to see that fight. "So are you going to let me use the Tesseract?" she asked.
"Just happy to see you," he said, placing a soft kiss to her forehead. His lips lingered. "Can I just be happy to see you?"
"What?" she asked, confused.
Still fighting, Toni closed her eyes and pounded her hands against his chest. "Please, Steve," she cried out. "Please." Her voice was heartbreaking. "W-who the hell called you?!" She paused for a second, anger growing. "W-why did JARVIS call y-you?" She let out hard, loud sob. "I'm not weak. I-I'm not seeing t-things!" She was shaking as she bawled. "N-not weak. Not pathetic."
, because it's his safe place. "Sorry, I'm fucken Stupid," he snaps as he gets to his feet and pushes pass them. "I'm sorry I'm such an asshole. Such a fuck up." He knows he's starting a fight with them; in fact, he wants this to end in a fight. It will make it easier. "Why don't you two just follow me everywhere I go and stop me from doing anything remotely dangerous? It seems like I can't do anything right with the two of you."
Phillips' eye twitched. She leaned back in her chair and gazed out of the tent. "I swear you revert me back fourthly years when I speak to you."
Shaking her head, Toni forced herself to look away from Rollins. She didn't want time to ponder his death. On the other hand, with the seatbelt cut, Toni felt better, but her foot was still trapped. With her hands on the dash, she tried again to yank her foot free, but nothing she did worked. "Crap," she muttered, breathing through her noise. "Crap times 10!" Why? Why fucken why? "My Phone!" she remembered. She couldn't free herself just yet, but if she had her phone, she could call for the Iron Man suit.
Toni glanced at him before looking away. "No. W-why am I here?" she asked, noticing an IV in her arm.
Hello,
Someone snap inside of her, she tilted up and scowled into his deep blue eyes. "Do you?" he asked, her voice getting an edge. "How would the
thing that he considered his, his only source of happiness, and he wasn't willing to share. She was the
"Scared?"
Hill's eyes danced to Fury. "There're quite a few possible suspects. We're narrowing down the list. It shouldn't take too long, considering only certain groups would have the technology to do so."
"You need to get out," he told himself. He needed to get out, back into the world, though he didn't know how he would do that. He had no idea of where to begin; he could take up Fury's offer, but the idea of going on a mission without his commandos was painful. He wouldn't even know how to go on a mission without them, and did the world really need him? They lasted this long without a Captain America, so why would they need him now?
It was then that their eyes met. "Shit," she cursed loudly, as her hands dropped to the bottom of the blouse. Not caring if it was buttoned correctly, she quickly buttoned it. "Shit."
The Colonel's eyebrow rose at the sound of her depressed voice. "I have to hurry this along."
Did she have to go? Toni would admit there was a battle inside of her, pondering if she should refuse. There was no reason for her to. Besides, she didn't trust SHIELD. It was built on lies and secrets, and that was all it could be. "Well, an hour of my time is going to cost SHIELD a pretty penny."
She stared up into his eyes, trying to read his mind. It wasn't too difficult to see his worry, which didn't sit well with her. Was this what this relationship going to be? Them worrying about the other? She didn't want to be some child that he had to take care off. "Me sleep?" she asked, letting out a playful snort. "You know me."
He felt his heart in his palm as he leaned closer to Toni. His hands went to her hips as he stared at Toni, who was eyeing him. Her eyes were burning into him as his hands went to her undergarment. Not to his surprise, her boxers were wet. Fighting back his groan, he kept eye contract with her as he curled his fingers under the straps. Her eyes drilled into him as he slid the boxers under her ass. He lifted her up gently as he pulled it down and off. Without looking, he tossed the boxers away.
Toni took a deep breath as she made her way back to her tent. After leaving the Colonel, she felt ill, and with each passing second, she felt worse as she eyed the solders. Was she sentencing them all to death?
"Because you're an idiot," Romanoff muttered. "Today is March 15: The anniversary of Howard Stark's death."
*O*O*
With his back to his friend, he took a seat and stared out the window. He had gotten lucky. He had made it back to the apartment before it started to rain down ice. "So be it."
Captain America was holding back none of his punches and was hitting each bag with all of his might. He was on the sixth bag so far in less than four hours, but he didn't care as all he could feel at the moment was anger. He was angry that there was still no word on Toni, and with each passing second, he wondered if they would ever find her. Since he went down before Toni made it back to her time, he had no idea if she got back; she could've been stuck in that time, aging while he laid frozen. She could be dead, killed by old age, while he was here waiting for her. In a poetic nightmare, he might never see her again, and he hated himself for it because it was his fault. He pushed her on that day, trying to get Toni to talk about her father. Why couldn't he just have seen that he had been pushing her away?
With a snort, Natasha lifted her feet off the dash and lowered them to the ground. "Don't worry. Clint will find Toni. And trust me, Clint won't rest until he finds our favorite genius."
"You're trying to distract me."
Toni pushed herself out of her father's arms and stepped back, giving him a look. "Not you too," she replied with a long sigh. Screw Clint. She was so getting Romanoff to give her some tips, because she was not a damsel in distress. Plus, it would help her with her self-doubt. It might even help her nerves as well.
"And you think this has something to do with Toni's disappearance?" Clint asked.
Toni shook her head as she tried to rid herself of those thoughts. "Oh, that outfit," she said, remembering what he wore during the battle of New York. His man really loved to be a flag, didn't he? "Such a sexy outfit." She laughed.
She looks at him for a second, studying his body language. "You're lucky that's the worst of it. I'm amazed that your lungs didn't collapse," she says. "You need to rest as the Nanos can only do so much."
"Why are you here?" he asked, unable to look away from Toni. He had also seen those shoulders before, and he didn't need anyone to tell him what they meant.
"And what if she isn't…What if she isn't?" Steve started, forcing himself to take a few deep breaths. "What if we're too late. What if they…"
"It's fine. I can handle myself." He picked up the bottle and poured himself another cup. "I think I know where Toni is."
"Still," he paused. "You are safe. I won't let anything happen to you. Remember that."
She shook her head. "You better be careful or I'm going to give you a nickname that you don't want!" She stated as she jokingly punched him. She didn't back away from him as she stared into his eyes. There was something about his eyes that just pulled her in. "What ab-"
Picking up the CPU, Toni stared at it as she wondered if she should just tell Colonel Salty the truth. She took a deep breath and exhaled as that wasn't something that she wanted to do. He might lock her in a psych ward… but if this device didn't work, she would have no choice but go straight to the Colonel and explain everything. She hoped he could keep a secret, because if he did tell anyone (like Rogers or her father), the future could be screwed.
The genius let out a howling chuckle, knowing exactly what he was thinking. People couldn't refuse this face…Well, unless you were Natasha, but according to Toni, it was because she had no soul. "Well," she said, still smiling. "I don't have anything besides the shirt—well, your shirt-on my back, so…" She wasn't sure how to say it or even what to say. She didn't like not having resources. Granted, it wouldn't be too hard to get her hand on some money. Her face was the only money that she needed.
This was why she never listened to anyone, especially him. She hated how he made her feel like a child, granted she acted like a child sometimes... but he didn't need to be given any more excuses to treat her as such. "I can handle myself. That woman just got lucky. It won't happen again."
I will also note that I added an Steve/Tony/Buck tag. I decided to do this because I don't want to leave Bucky broke hearted. Besides, I can see it happening. They all love each other. So this will end in a 3 way relationship.
feelings. Those feelings of being alone. Of being worthless. Of being weak. She still felt like even now when she was awake.
"If you go to bed, I'll talk to you in the morning," she said, lying through her teeth. "I'll take the couch."
, he thought, bitterly. The fake god's arm wasn't much bigger than his, and he didn't understand what was so great about Thor's.
The whiskey, not as good as she was used to, burned her throat on the way down, and it felt good. It numbed her system just like she wanted; it numbed her to the world. She hadn't had a drink in a while, and god, did she miss it! In the future, she could barely go a day without a drink, which was a serious issue; however, it wasn't an issue that she wanted to think or talk about. It… wasn't like she got drunk all of the time; she just enjoyed how it made her feel. She felt free with each passing second as her worries just seemed to disappear. Even her nightmares disappeared if only for a few hours.
"He figured you might try something, so he wanted to make sure you would only end up where you're supposed to."
Before her conversion with Rogers, Toni would've wanted to hear about Rhodey's reaction as she would've loved to hear his whining, but right now, she didn't care. She didn't want to hear about it, and the idea of that didn't sit well with her. "So how long will it be before the suit arrives?"
Steve's schools his face as he replies, "Didn't know you were married."
She eyes him as she suddenly moves and steps into his lab. "Why do you allow this?" she asks, just watching him.
"You won't."
Tony let out a harsh sigh, knowing that he should've never had said that to him. "How did you get dating from that?"
Rhodey groans. "What? Are we ten?" he asks. "…We're children in adult bodies, but yet, they tasks us with protecting this world? Geez, what are they thinking?" The groups laughs as Tony starts to fall asleep against Steve's warm side.
"Your buddy here was in the park that night," Toni said, shifting slightly as she felt Steve next to her. Her ankle was throbbing again, a clear sign that she needed to sit down, but sitting was a position of weakness and she wasn't weak. "He was following me. Why is Fury sending his dogs to watch me?" She asked, sizing him up. "Not that he needs to with Birdbrains and Spider."
Toni glared at the Colonel. "You don't know me."
"You would be amazed at what I understand," she explained as she picked up the ice bag and placed it against his eye. "I understand what it means to have everyone doubt you and to have the odds against you. My ego keeps me going, but I think you have something better, more important, keeping you going." She smiled at him. "And I don't think you should give up. I think you're made for something special." She could say that because she knew the truth; however, even if she didn't, she could see it in him. But should you be saying that to him? She asked herself.
"I need to go," Toni replied. She couldn't be here anymore; the guilt was getting to her.
"I do," he stated as he turned away from Steve and crossed to a phone.
"Is there a point to your boring conversation?" she asked. "Are you trying to confess your love for me? If so, I'm sorry. Not interested. Not into the violent type."
"What do you want?" she asked as she locked the suitcase. There was no real point to lock it as both Howard and Phillips had a key, but it gave her a little comfort to lock it.
However, before she could even attempt to do anything, yelling broke out in the room. She could hear Steve shouting. She didn't know what he was saying, but he was angry, refusing to listen to whatever they were saying. Trying to catch her breath, Toni tuned into the room, as she needed something to hold onto. She needed something to focus on, because she was losing her mind. Everything was crashing down around her, and she didn't know what to do. She tried to focus on Steve's voice, which grew silent suddenly. Toni felt her dread grow inside of her at the thought of the silence. She couldn't handle it as she would rather hearing fighting, because it meant she wasn't alone. It would mean that she wasn't—
Barnes's glance went back to Toni for a second before turning back to Steve, whose nails were digging into his skin as he watched her struggle in pain. It was clear that she was hurt worse than she appeared, which pissed them both off.
Tony looks up and glares at the former Assassin. His Brooklyn accent is strong, getting stronger with each passing second. "Like I told the Captain, I'm
*O*O*
"I understand," he said, as he suddenly picked her up in bridal style with one arm under her knees and the other one at her middle back surprising Toni.
"No, No," she yelled, trembling. She placed her hands flat against Steve's chest and pushed off, trying to break his grip. "Let go! Let me go!" She yelled, cursing at him. "I don't want y-you!" She fought against him, struggling to get out of his arms. "Stop. Let go! I don't need your help! I need to work! Let me work!" She cried out, tears running down her face.
He was beginning to wonder if she really was a spy, but even if she wasn't, she was something. A normal citizen did not have unknown devices on him or her that could keep the U.S. Military guessing, and the colonel did not care for that.
"That's what this is about?" she asked, huffing out an annoyed laugh. "This is me, Rogers. I'm not mad. I just like to be by myself." She took a deep breath as she turned from him. "I just need space."
Giving Toni a look, Natasha released Toni's hand. "Better be careful. You don't want to make Rogers jealous."
Peggy left out a chuckling sigh. "I know I do."
He narrowed his eyes. "You were found trespassing on private property, where it looked like a small bomb went off."
Unable to hold herself up anymore, she fell back onto the hard bed and reminded like that for a few minutes before she kicked her feet. She had to get the itchy, heavy blanket off.
"Oh, you could've told me at any time, but no! You let me die. You let me fall to my death. Just admit it."
Maybe after all of this was over, Toni and he could visit Dugan and Jones. Just the two of them without anyone else. It would nice with just the two of them, as she would understand. She would understand what he went through. She would understand what these men meant to him, without him having to explain it. It felt amazing not to have to explain it, because she was
"There are only three people authorized to pilot the Iron Man Armors," J.A.R.V.I.S announced. "Miss Potts, Colonel Rhodes and Miss Stark."
Toni sat up and leaned forward again. "I would hug you but I might get germs!" She had a smile, knowing that she would be getting that core, because Howard could not say no to the Colonel.
Trip's smile did not falter under Pepper's intense glare. "Not even I could keep up with Captain America. He was on a mission, and there was no chance we could've kept up with him."
fire, melting from the inside out. Her suits were melting. She wasn't sure what it was, but seeing Steve jump down in front of her with his shield made it worse.
Toni wanted. Against her better judgement, Toni replied back, snapping that unless she was a blue eye blond with a shield she wasn't interested. The woman replied saying she could be with the right money.
Fury gave him a look. "You should read he newspaper," he said, before turning away.
Tony huffs in annoyances as he rubs the back of his head. The pain medication is wearing off, and it's making him grumpy, though it can be something else entirely. "Picking on me just like everyone else is. Geez, I feel loved."
"I love you. I love you. I love you."
That hit him harder than he expected. He knew her for the one liners, but to hear it from her now just reminded him that she wasn't the Toni he knew. It also stung to hear her say those insults to him, but it was his issue, which he would have to deal with. He knew it would be difficult the first time they met again, but he didn't think it would be so soon. He had no idea that Fury was bringing in Toni, and he wondered if Fury did this on purpose.
"Tony." Her eyes soften. "What are you afraid of?" She steps toward him. "Why are you pushing them away? I can see that you have it bad for them too."
Sorry no Toni in this chapter. I hope you enjoy this, so please let me know what you think!
"Laura," Natasha replies.
replace her with. She ignored the ping in her heart every time she joked about it, because she refused to acknowledge that it hurt to think of him with someone else. Besides, it wasn't like there was a person…well that she knew of. Maybe, there was, and if there was, Toni wouldn't blame him. She was a handle full, a horrible partner. Maybe, the media was right. Maybe, he should listen to them.
Clint let out a huge sigh as Steve step away. "You're going to get me yelled at. I'm not supposed to let you leave."
"You have to share, Bucky," Rogers says, giving him a look as he reaches for him.
However, he didn't have to time to think of that. He had to make sure that she was okay. It was the only thing that was important to him, because he did not know what he would do if something happened to her.
Steve turned to her, giving her a smile. Though Clint liked to make fun of him for the fondness in his eyes whenever he looked at her, he could- would not change it, and at the moment, he wished Toni could see that. "I'm not going anywhere, Shell head," he replied. "Just want to get this uniform off."
"Shut it," Natasha replied, giving him a look.
He placed a heavy kiss on her lips, stopping her in her rant. Without hesitation, Toni kissed him back, holding onto him like flames on fire. It didn't take long before it morphed into something more and dirty. They both knew that they needed to talk, and the sex was just a distraction, but after everything that had happen, they just needed each other. Sometimes, it wasn't what you said, but rather, it was just that you were there.
Impulsively, Toni glanced toward Phillips who was staring at her intently. When they had first met, Phillips had teased her about not having matters, and Toni had let it slip that her mother had died. Now, Toni knew what that look meant: an order not to say anything. He had nothing to worry about. She wasn't going to say anything like she did with Barnes and Rogers. She was going to remain silence like the heartless person that she was.
"I can't leave her." Steve scanned the room looking for some clue because Barnes was right. Toni didn't leave with Schmidt, but she was still missing and she could be in danger. They had to find her before Schmidt, but they had to get out of here as well, because the building was coming down around them.
"The name's Brock," he said with a smile on his face.
"What…plan...to…do?" This time it was a different voice who was speaking, and like the last one, Toni didn't recognized this voice. However, she wasn't sure if this was just a trick that her mind was playing on her.
Tony's hands ball at his sides, forcing his nails into his skin. He doesn't need the image of Rogers and Barnes rolling around in their bed, fighting for control, and he certainly doesn't need to imagine how it would feel if they use that strength on him, pinning him to the bed. And he really doesn't need to know how it would feel to have their bodies against his.
*O*O*
"Home where?" Peggy asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
She glanced down at the letter before she handed it to Steve. He looked at for a second before he read it. It was a long lengthy letter, and he was shaking by the end of it. His first thought was to laugh at Howard's disapproval of him, his distrust of his innocence. He kind of wanted to know what Howard would do, if he saw them now. However, he pushed that thought away as he stared down at the woman in his arms. She needed him now.
Bucky's eyes narrow as he stares at Tony. "So you're getting back into that bed whether you like it or not, while Steve and I take care of you," he says, sternly. His expression is almost cold, like he's daring Tony to disobey.
Toni had no issue in admitting her failures as she used them as learning tools, but she refused to admit it. "Never said I was, but I know I'm right up there!" He was starting to get on her last nerve with this small talk. Why couldn't he just leave her alone? She thought she was being mean enough. It usually worked with Future and Past Rogers.
After a few minutes, Toni crossed to Rogers' door and peaked in. "Geez, asleep alright." She could only make out his form in the darkness, but she could tell by his stiffness that he was out. Shaking her head, she crossed back to the couch. She reached into her pocket for her broke phone and set it on the table before reaching for her tools that were still hidden under the coffee table.
*O*O*
*O*O*
Barton eyed the CEO from the bar as he poured himself a drink. It was just the three of them in the lounge. Romanoff had disappeared soon after Rhodes having the same mission. She went to find Toni, though her motives might have been different than Rhodes. However, the chances were higher that the master assassin would find the genius before anyone else did. No one could hide from Romanoff.
Toni could feel Phillips' eyes on her as Howard spoke. Though she didn't tell Phillips very much about her relationship with her father, he had a pretty good idea of how it was like. It was no secret that she hated the guy, though she supposed she couldn't still say that she still hated him. It was a mild dislike. "Who says? I could be the one of ten kids you don't know about," she replied. "…Ten? Maybe more? Seriously, think about."
Annoying her hatred at being called Sark, Toni snorted, because she knew the bad guy handbook. She knew he was lying; no matter what she said or what happened, she wouldn't be safe. He would kill her after he was done with her.
For Steve, he walked behind Dugan ready to catch the old unstable man, who looked like he would fall over. Steve didn't think he had ever walked this slowly before and it boggled the mind that someone could walk this leisurely. He eyed Dugan swaying form, unable to get over how old and close to death he was. "So tell me how–"
He had no idea why these words came back to him or what it might as he had no idea where they came from, but they came flooding back as he watched that man try to touch
With a grace that could match the Famous Captain, the man in the black mask charged. His movements were fast and controlled and impossible to track if not for JARVIS. He was super human. Again, she would be amazed if this man wasn't killing people and charging at her, but this was not the time to think about that. She had to take him down. "Stand down. You wouldn't want me to hurt you, would you?" she asked, firing her gauntlet blaster. He did have an advantage over her: he didn't care who he hurt.
As a Steve/Toni/Bucky fan (a recent thing), that is going to kill me.
She narrowed her eyes. "I see."
"Rogers," she said.
Let me know what you think.
"No buts," Steve said, cutting her off as he smiled at her. "Now, let's me get this off," he said, pulling at her sport bra.
"Time travel," Dugan answered, still shocked himself.
"You can blame that on the concussion and, the fact that you were out for a week," he stated. "Anyhow, Dr. Erskine and Mr. Stark stated that the piece is keeping you alive." He leaned back in his chair. "So why do you have it in your chest?"
t have panic attacks, and she didn't want to have
Why couldn't she just go back to the tower? "Why? Are you trying to get rid of me?"
The Captain shook his head. "She was clear."
Without a care to his own life, he flies into the crumbing building, reading life signs in the building. He has made a deal with himself that no one else will die on his watch, even if he dies in the process. They're civilians, and they do not deserve any of this it. They don't deserve to die, and he'll make sure they don't get hurt no matter what, which is probably why Tony doesn't recall much after entering the deteriorating, collapsing building. Only a second pass before everything goes black.
"I have my ways."
"You should-"
Toni let out a loud rolling chuckle, leaning back against the wall for support. "Oh, your face," she sniggered.
Gaining back some of her confidence, the young waitress responds, "Oh, it's alright, C-Captain A-America." She looked away, trying to mask her bright red face. With her face as red as a tomato, the girl mumbled something to herself.
to her. However, it wasn't the time for sex, as she needed rest more than she needed his dick—though his dick didn't seem to understand that, and he hated himself for even allowing that thought to enter his mind. Right now, Toni needed rest, and he was going to make sure she got it.
"You're awake."
Howard straightened up and turned to the Colonel. "Yup, just set everything up, and we are ready for action."
*O*O*
"One is that core won't work. Not strong enough for what you need it for," he replied. "I have been testing these cores, and yes, they have an impressive energy level, but it's limited. The core will only get you so far."
"She's stalling. How cute," she mocked. "She thinks someone's going to save her, like anyone would. You're an annoyance, who no one likes nor wants, not even the naïve Captain America wants you. How does that feel?" she asked. "And why would he? I bet half this camp would be happy that you're gone, and the only person who has ever actually cared is
"How's the arm? The leg? Not in too much pain, are you?" Steve asks, not getting an answer from the silent billionaire. "Do you need something? I can get it for you. Just tell me." There's some hope in his voice, and it kills Tony.
Toni pushed herself up, joy—relief washing over her. Maybe, it was seeing Steve, but her hearing was finally returning to normal. "Steve," she uttered, slowly getting to her feet.
Picking herself back up, she decided to face them. "I'm really a child, ain't I?" Shaking her head, she headed out. Toni opened the door slowly to not alert anyone to her presence. She wanted to scope things out first before talking to them. From Rogers' bedroom only the small kitchen was visible, and from what she could see, there was no one in there. Toni stepped out slowly, still keeping an eye out.
Turning her back on Toni, Peggy walked to the door. "Come with me. I will show you out."
Again, Toni didn't know when she had fallen asleep but she awoke to the sweet aroma of food. She forced her eyes open to find that delicious food as she was going to steal it. To her luck, it was on a food tray directly in front of her, and it was mouthwatering. She hadn't had a good meal in a while; heck, she couldn't even remember the last time she had a meal like that.
. Had not. He was regular, normal…Sweet.
Toni glanced at Rogers, whose glance never let her, and she felt her fear raise up again. Why was he here? How did he get caught? Where was the rest of the Commandos? She felt herself shivered as she couldn't let anyone die because of her. She had done enough damage.
"I feel left out," Dugan stated as he folded. "Maybe, I should learn French."
He looked back toward her. "With Thor's help, he should be able to transport an illusion to Stark using the Bifrost." He could tell she wasn't too sure of the plan.
"So how are the memories?" Bruce asked as he couldn't stand the silence anymore.
Setting the trash back on the ground, Steve took a deep breath. "I got her to come out…but-"
He glanced down at the stilled Genius in his arms for a long second before he looked up again. "Collect whatever you can find and take it back to the tower," Steve ordered, transforming into Captain America. His tone changed.
look like a mess," she said as she looked him over. He was the one who Rogers found strapped to a lab table. "
Toni knew what this woman was doing and she wasn't going to fall for it because that would be exactly what this woman wanted. She wanted Toni to think she was alone, because they wanted to turn her against the Camp. Besides her brain, she wasn't sure why they would want to, because she would probably make them murderous and she would end up dead. "Damn, only half? I was trying so hard to make the whole camp hate me." She reached for one of the gun, and even if was unless, it gave her mind some peace.
Rogers stares at Tony for a few seconds before turning to Barnes. Their eyes meet and they stare at each other for a few long seconds. Tony isn't sure what's going on through their eye glances, but it's like they're talking, which just annoys the genius. Why can't they make kissy face at each other in private? Seeing this does not help him.
Steve glanced back at the CEO for a second, meeting her eyes, before turning back to the door.
Toni watched for a few seconds, wondering if they would notice her, and when they didn't, she thought it would be best to announce her presence. "Colonel Phillips, I heard you wanted to speak to me," she spoke loudly. The two unnamed officers turned and looked at her, but they reminded silence.
"Hey, Pep," Toni greeted as cheery as ever. Was this the end of them? "How can I help you? Make it quick. You're interrupt my special time with Rogers."
Even if Toni wanted to tell him, she couldn't, but she had to tell him something. "Let's just say, I lost my father because of Stark Industries," she admitted as she set the screwdriver down on the table. Her eyes flickered to the metal suitcase for a second before she stepped to the door. Howard moved aside, letting her pass, as he was unsure of what he should say to that.
Steve took a deep breath. "I know." Even if he was be able to work up the nerve to speak with a beautiful dame, he didn't know what to say or how to act. He was also wasn't the type of man that attracted woman. "But you make it sound like she's using me." He knew it was possible but he didn't want to think about it.
Barnes turns away and pushes off the door frame as Steve takes a step forward. "You want us join us, Tony?" Rogers asks, smiling as big as he can.
That pissed her the hell off, because she was just as good as any man. "Asshole," she yelled as she kneed him in the groin.
"Rogers!" Toni said as she got to her feet. Being a solder soldier, Steve was already at the door before she could get off the ground. She knew there was no way to catch him—unless she got her suit, but she wasn't going to let that stop her. She didn't care that the rest of the room was laughing at her (and that Clint was starting a wrapping paper fight as she got out the door). She didn't care that her legs were screaming at her. She was going to get this man.
Pepper stepped to Toni and grabbed her hand, softly. "Please."
"I don't need your permission to speak. You aren't a god," she responded back, but she regretted it a second later as he slapped her hard in the face.
The good Doctor walked back to the table, taking a deep breath. "You have to understand the situation that you're in." He retook the seat. "You were found trespassing in an empty lot, which looked like a bomb went off."
"Can't you feel this?" he asked, his hand traveling to her face. He gently traced her jaw line before cupping her face. "How can you say this isn't real?"
Again, his words all went south, and if he didn't shut up, Toni was going to used him as a distraction for her nightmares. She was going jump and climb him like a tree with everyone watching. She didn't care. "Just go before I drag you to my bed."
Phillips stopped and turned back. "You coming, Sark?" he asked.
"I can't make any promises," Steve smiled as he exited, leaving Bucky alone with the still sleeping Toni.
That startled her. "You think he can help?"
"No, you didn't." Why couldn't he understand that he had missed one?
"I won't obey," she stated as she tried to pull away from him. "I would rather die."
Light flashed on startling Toni, but she didn't move. "Turn around, Toni," Barnes ordered. His voice was hard.
"Maybe, he might listen then. Right, Soldier?" he asked, giving him a hard look as if daring the Asset to speak. "You're just a weapon, and it's time you remember that."
Steve gave him a look before stepping toward the door. "I don't know who you are kidding. She was exactly herself."
Finishing the cup, the genius turned, but before she could completely turned away, the shadow in the corner shifted. Again, she didn't pay much attention to it as shadows did in fact shift depending on the light. It wasn't abnormal; however, it shifted
"That isn't the mission. The mission is to bring back that data; nothing else matters. I can't leave you," Barnes said. His voice was cold, unfeeling. "I need to get you and that device back to base."
There he went again, pulling at her heart strings. He knew how to get to her; he would be dangerous if she let him too close, which was a problem. He was already too close.
A worried Steve looked up from his spot on the ground. "Toni, stop. I got this." He pushed himself up and wobbled as he tried to stand. "I don't need you to stand up for me."
"Is there any other way to have a tree?" Steve asked with a smile.
Toni breathed through her nose, as she tried to control her heart. God, she just realized she loved him, and now, Sharon was asking if she wanted to marry him? She shouldn't be asking these questions. She wasn't sure if she was.
Sure, he was the Super Soldier, but that didn't mean he couldn't get hurt or worse, and she couldn't bear it if something happened to him. She already lost Bucky, and she couldn't lose anyone else. "We can handle this on our own."
"How did you know I was here? I didn't take out a flyer," she replied. Her eyes shift to Steve for a second as he approached her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Taking another slip of her now room temperature coffee, Toni took a step toward the floor to ceiling window. Her eyes looked pass the large shadow in the corner, focusing on the scenery she knew was out there. Though it was completely dark, she was able to make out the outlines of the ocean and the beach, and even if she didn't get many chances to look out into the sunset, she enjoyed the view. She enjoyed the lines in natural, fascinated by the design of it all…. Even if she wasn't a huge natural fan.
"I see that, and I'm not sure how I feel about that. I don't need you rubbing off on Carter."
Why couldn't she go back to the time before the reactor, before the Iron Man suit and just be that egoist bitch that she was before?
*O*O*
Steve's eyes narrowed. "Just-" The Captain started, but he wasn't able to finish. "This is an interesting explosion," Bruce said, interrupting him. "I can't tell if it imploded or exploded. It's like-"
Toni let out an annoyed chuckle as the damn device shocked her yet again; however, she was closer in finding a solution as the shock wasn't as wild as before, though no solution would matter if she couldn't power it. No matter what she tried, she couldn't get enough power to it, and it wouldn't retain the power. "Maybe, a more stable power source might work out the kinks. Or I can put in so much power into it that it won't matter that it's spitting some back," she stated as she ran another diagnostic on her phone-turned scanner.
Toni shook her head and leaned into him. She stared at the darkened blue spot on his uniform, a wet spot from her leaning against him. She buried herself in his arms, holding onto him as tightly as she could.
*O*O*
Natasha gives some tough love, while Bucky and Rogers are wondering what the hell happened.
"Ah, you are a wake."
With that, Steve laid down next to her, as he removed the clothes that he could with the squid wrapped around him, refusing to let go. Feeling at home, he fell asleep missing the two pair of eyes watching them.
Remaining silence, Toni refused to talk to him about her father. Even if she wanted to, she couldn't talk to anyone about her father. There were times she had wanted to speak with Pepper or Rhodey about it, but each time she opened her mouth, nothing had come out.
"No time for old Friends?"
She groaned as he patted her cheek again. Why did this man keep hitting her? Did he not understand how annoying that was? "St-t-top," she muttered, her throat feeling like sand paper.
"If that was the case, I would be gone by now. You're too much work for a piece of meat," she said with a smile.
Toni rested her head on hands and started at the monitor, which showed the hallway outside the doors. She could see the annoyance on Rogers' and Pepper's face. "And if I say no?" she asked.
"We made a mistake before. We-No, I. I shouldn't have let you walk out of that hospital room. I should've kept you close, and I am sorry. I lost my cool before, and I'm sorry. I have lost so much, and I don't want to lose anyone else important to me," Barnes adds, looking into his eyes.
"I wouldn't even know how to turn this on!" Barton replies, waving.
The AI responded immediately. "I always do, Sir."
Toni winced in pain as she turned to him. "I don't need to rest." She was tired of everyone telling her that; she didn't need to rest. She didn't want to rest. She wanted to get going; she wanted to be on the move. "
Similar the rest of the class, Toni was also covered in paint—looking like she was ambushed at a paintball fight, though not as painful. It was on her face. In her hair. In her ears. She would be surprised if it wasn't in her pants. "And you," she declared, pointing to the student, whose invention exploded, "That was awesome." She might not be good with people, but this was something that she loved. She loved inventing. It could always lift her soul.
. Before Sharon rushed in, the genius was having a
"Toni," he said sternly.
Clint was having a difficult time believing what he was hearing. "Really?" he asked, shaking his head. "Okay, let's look pass the weapons that you can use against the Avengers and look at the Device that Toni, herself, had made. It was that device that made Toni disappeared. What makes you think that the items stolen did anything to her?" Clint was pissed and it was clear with each word he spoke.
These voices were children's voices, and they were meant nothing to him, or rather, they should mean nothing to him. However, a warm feeling formed in his chest, though there were pain flashes in her head.
"Sometimes, the best weapons weren't created to be weapons." He turned to the door. "Let's go find Doctor Erskine and Mr. Stark, and I want to speak with both of them."
"I think you are."
Sam gave her exhausted look. "Well, it's a number, but not mine. It's for the VA." He paused for a second. "Or, maybe, it is mine. Just in case you ever wanted to talk. I can assume you can hire an army of therapist, but sometimes, you just need someone who been through what you have. Or rather, you just need someone who won't put up with your shit. And sometimes you just need to talk." Even though Toni didn't make a move, he didn't retract his hand.
Steve took a deep breath. "I understand. Let's find a way so we can get her back."
"I don't know but it couldn't have been good." Bucky blew out in a large puff before standing. "It's late. Let's get some sleep."
"A pretty thing like you wouldn't ever be a burden," Bucky said. "And before you ask, I won't let you go to a homeless shelter." At hearing the weakness in her voice, he decided he didn't want her anywhere near one of those death shelters.
He smiled. "Of course. Agent Carter, please return Toni's items besides that thing to her and release her." He turned leave, but he paused as he opened the door. "Mr. Stark, you can take the device with you. Your personal lab is better equipped to handle that than ours."
She let out a loud laugh, because he was going to be death of her in some way, shape or form. When this ended, she was going to be crushed, but at the moment, she didn't care. She just wanted to remain in his arms for as long as she could. "Oh, he does? W-"
Toni eyed his movements as he brought his hands up and softly cupped her face. "Nothing?" she asked with a smirk.
just let Toni walk out of the tower? There was no way in hell that he would've let her, as he was like Pepper. He was worried sick about Toni, so it didn't make sense that he would just let her go.
and War Machine…"
"Oh, I do."
Tony's chest tightens as Bucky's words go straight to his pants. He has imagined how it would feel like to be fucked into the bed by the both of them, but now, it will happen. "Oh, I will hold you too it," he says with a grin.
Clint took a deep breath as he walked to the cliff's edge. He eyed the first responders, glancing for a brief second at Maya Hansen, Toni's unexpected guess. "This isn't easy for anyone. This is killing us as well."
That was way too high for Bruce's liking, and he closed his eyes as he remembered what Steve had told him. Steve had seen her flat lining, which he was glad that didn't have. "It would be fried much like the reactor upstairs?" he asked.
"That's go both ways, Rogers," Toni said, looking into his eyes. "Talk to me, and I will talk to you." She knew he had nightmares just like she did, but he rarely talked to her about them. This conversion (before it turned to her ankle) had been rare for the Captain, who kept everything in. "Tell me about your dreams."
Bruce let out a sigh as he glanced between Toni and Steve. He gave her a look, and when she didn't respond, he turned to the door. "Alright, I'll be down the hall if you need me," he said as left, leaving the two of them alone.
Schmidt squeezed tighter, making her yelp out in pain. "You should watch that mouth."
However, it was Pepper who caught Toni's eye as it looked like she hadn't slept in days. It could be the way the light hit her, but the CEO looked tired as she spoke with Romanoff, granted everyone looked exhausted. They all looked like they were on edge, like no one had been sleeping. Was this all because of her?
On any normal day, he wouldn't be worried. She was Iron Man, fighting/beating anyone who looked at her funny, and she had the scars to prove it. She was feisty as feisty could be, and that mind of hers could spin her out of anything. However, she wasn't working at 100%. She was working on very little sleep, haunted by her guilty. Right now, she was drowning in it, seeing ghosts. In that state, she was no good to anyone, especially herself. It was one of the reasons why he was upset that she went after that Metal armed Assassin alone, and his fear only grew seeing her out of the suit with said man hovering over her. She was a strong woman, but there was only so much she could take.
"Do you need to ask?"
"Yes, Boss."
The Asset was back in his chair and was strapped in tight, unable to break out of. They had learned from the last time and had used metal shackles, keeping him trapped. Once they were sure he was secured, they started to connect him to the machine, so they could electroshock him. They wanted to reset him, to take all of his memories from him. He knew why they wanted to do it. It was because of Toni. They wanted to take her from him, to rid him of his weakness, and it would be a painful experience.
"If you touch her again, I'll beat the shit out of you, and her wellbeing is my concern, Private," Barnes stated as he grabbed the man by the collar. "GO." He shoved him off. There was a movement along the crowd but none stepped forward to break up the fight.
Taking a deep breath, she walked out of Barnes' room and looked around the apartment for Steve, but he was nowhere to be found.
"Just stop," she yelled into the air. "I get it, okay! I'm a horrible person." She wasn't sure who she was talking to, or what she would happen if someone answered her, but she waited a few seconds for someone to answer her…like a crazy person. When no one did, she turned to Steve's side of the bed, willing him to be there. Her heart beat flickered, seeing a note on his pillow. Grabbing it with a shaking hand, Toni opened the note. It was a simple note that read: '
"Really?" he asked as he took the gun out of his pocket and waved it in front of her. "How did I take this from you so easily?" He let out a chuckle. Was this a game to him?
In hesitation, he took a few steps toward her. "Couldn't sleep," he stated, shrugging it off. "How are you?"
"I'm good."
Fighting through the soreness of her body, she pulled herself into a sitting position and looked around. "What can I use escape this place?" On the dresser in a corner of the room, something caught her attention, but how could she get it? She was tied down.
If Toni wasn't so startled, she would have laughed at Barnes' question. She was annoyed that someone was able to sneak up on her. She was really losing her touch. "Why are you up at time?" she asked, making no motion to hide her stuff on the table. She could try, but she wasn't willing to risk damaging them in the attempt to hide them.
Loki kicked his feet over the cot and stood up slowly. "Have you thought about my offer?" he asked as he stepped toward Toni. He looked the same as he did when he appeared to her in the cell, but his skin looked paler. If Toni didn't hate him, she would ask about it. "It would be wise to accept."
"I was calling your name, Corporal," Phillips answered.
"Well, you two should be off, then. Don't want to keep the fan girls and boys drooling." He also needs to get that image of a protective Barnes out of his mind.
With a weak smile on her face, she slowly stepped to his bed, and without even touching on it, she knew it was shit. There was no doubt that it was hard as a rock, especially knowing that Steve preferred a stiffer mattress. As she sat on it, her eyes widened in shock as she pondered how Steve slept on this thing. It felt like she was sitting on the ground, on a rock truthfully, as there was no movement to it. "We are so changing this bed, Rogers." she declared, lowing herself on down on it. "Seriously, the first thing." She paused for a second, realizing how quickly she left the tower. "Sure, I don't have anything on me like money, but I'm Toni Stark! My face is the only thing that I need." She wasn't planning in coming to DC, so she only had the clothes on her back.
Toni stared at his back for a few seconds before realizing that she wanted to chase after him. She had no idea of where that came from, being that he was being distance. She glanced at Gabe for a second before saying. "I quit. Vous gagnez," she said as she stood up quickly. Taking a deep breath, she chased after him before Gabe could respond.
"Toni."
Toni's eyes widen as she turned to them, shocked. Yea, he said he would do it, but she never expected him to do it…right then…to Steve's face…while she watched, and the expression on Steve's face made it all worse. He didn't look scare, not even in the slightest. There was a big smile on his face.
"So what movie are we watching?" Bucky asks. "I'm always up for a science fiction flick. I love those kinds of movies." Tony snorts as he pushes out of Barnes' arms, much to his displeasure. "No!" the super soldier whines. "Come back!"
Still wearing the annoying dress uniform, Toni paced the room as she waited for her stupid father, who made her very nervous. Could she impress him? Or would he be disappointed in her like always? She betted the later as she had never made him proud. Why did she care anyways? She shouldn't care what he thought about her.
Steve still hadn't made his mind up about Fury just yet, but his words struck him and he listed to the man as he talked about the threat to the Earth's safety. Even if he didn't trust Fury, he couldn't let Loki get away with his evil plans, not with Toni's life in danger. She may never know how he felt, but he was going to protect her.
"I don't want it," Tony replies as he waits for Rogers to leave. He can't deal with the Captain being this close not after watching that footage, and he's itching to call Pepper to tell her never to tell Rogers shit again. He doesn't need this.
From someone with years in the spot light, Pierce had this charmed about him. "The honor is mine, Captain. My father served in the 101st. Come on in."
"He won't be able to do that," Phillips said as he stared at the glow coming through the nurse outfit. He almost did a doubt take as the glow seemed different, almost lighter. He hoped the battery wasn't dying on it. "It could kill her." Though he couldn't be sure that she was telling the truth, he didn't want to risk her death.
"Вы должны сделать лучше, чем это."
First, Thanks to Wintersupersoldiers beta this for me
*O*O*
Clint gave Natasha a look. "What?"
The word 'betrayal' echoed in Toni's head, pounding at the sides trying to get out. Steve and everyone else might have let it go, telling her that she had to forgive herself. She just didn't think she could do that, not with Barnes' ghost haunting her. She couldn't forgive herself for his death. "Just tell me what you want, and I'll do it," she pleaded, her voice cracking. Something in her shifted, and the idea that she could help Bucky lifted a weight off her shoulder… and if she dared say it, she felt almost relieved. She had to do it. "I'll do anything, Bucky. Anything."
*O*O*
Howard wasn't able to finish as Rogers cut him off. "What about this one?" He asked as he noticed a shield under the table. It was a perfectly round shield, which was simple compared to the rest of them.
"Do you think this could've been an outside attack?" Fury asked, waiting for the right moment to mention the security breach.
"St..."
"Rogers, stop," she yelled. Her hands were shaking, as her head fall. "What do you think's going on here?"
Toni stared at him for a few seconds before looking away. "Just let go," she snapped, feeling something grow inside of her. She refused to call it a panic attack, but she felt it rise up inside of her. She didn't like the idea of someone touching her without her permission; no one had the right to touch her.
But here you go.
Toni wasn't as horrible as everyone thought she was, though at times she was. She could remember the countless jokes (well half of them) that had run off her tongue. She just didn't and couldn't deal with emotions well, which was why she made jokes out of everything. You couldn't get hurt if you didn't take things seriously or let anyone in, and for the longest time, jokes were her shield. Her safety net. However, she understood these jokes got in the way, and set everything ablaze. Though, she knew when to control herself when she needed to. She may not like Fury, but Hill and Romanoff did. For them, she could keep her mouth shut, even if she had a few insults on her tongue ready to come out. They needed this moment.
he thought. He closed his eyes, thinking about all of the pain that he had put her through, and he couldn't do that to her. Maybe, once he got head screwed on right, he might go see her. Right now, he wasn't stable.
"Why don't we get started?" Toni replied, nodding toward the device.
Though Toni was seeing stars, her fight response kicked into overdrive. Her hands flew to Barnes' hand on her throat. Her nails buried themselves into his skin, drawing blood, but Barnes didn't seem to feel it. It was like he was feeling nothing but hatred. His eyes drilled through her like she was nothing; her stomach twisted under his hot glaze. Being held a good foot above the ground, she swung both legs as hard as she could, which seemed to do more harm than good. It was like she was hitting a brick wall, and after a few kicks, she begun to wonder if she had broken something. "What do you want?" She groaned, trying to look anywhere but his face.
Pepper stepped forward. "I have seen how hard you have been working to locate Toni, and I know you have been giving it your all, but you need to rest. How do you think Toni will react if you worked yourself to death?" Her voice was sweet and soft like a mother's voice.
But heck, he finds it sexy as hell, and he just melts.
Toni pushed herself up so she could eat, which she munched down in record time. It tasted so good that she had a hard time slowing down, though she knew she should. It wasn't healthy to eat this fast, but she was hungry.
Wanting to get closer, the Asset quickly lowered himself to the street and followed her as she crossed the street. Separated by moving cars and trucks, his eyes, hidden behind his googles, studied the expression on her face. He could see the harden, pained look on her face. He could stressed in her eyes as if she had seen something she didn't want, and the Asset didn't like it. He wasn't sure why, but he didn't like it.
"It does matter," he said.
She connected the scanner to the lock and allowed a few seconds to go by before she pulled put out her lock picking kit. She struggled at first to expose the inside of the lock, but once she was able to expose it, she was able to pick it with no trouble. Using all of her strength, she pushed open the heavy metal door. She plucked the scanner from the lock and allowed the door to shut behind her. It locked automatically, sealing her in. She glanced back realizing that she wouldn't be able to get out that way. It appeared to be a one way door that could only be unlooked by the outside. "Interesting," she muttered. It was a smart idea if she thought about it. It gave burglars a false hope.
He was still looking at her. "Okay."
reasons why she hated her father. He basically abandoned her to nannies, as he didn't have time for her. Yes, she was still bitter about it. Sure, she grew up fine (some would probably disagree on that like the asshole Future Rogers), but it wasn't the same. Though she didn't play as a child, she had seen other fathers with their children and she had desired to have that same relationship.
He took a seat next to her, ignoring her glare. "Nothing much." He glanced down at her hands, which were curled up in her lap. "Another nightmare. What was this one about?" She didn't answer. "You can tell me. You don't need to hold them it. It doesn't make you weak."
*O*O*
Spector's glance soften as he looked at her. "I don't know how he knew it would turn out like this," he replied, as if he was reading her mind. "But I think you should read whatever is in that letter."
"Oh, Toni, I only have eyes for you," Barnes teased.
"Toni," her father called as she took a step out of the room. As she stepped down the hall, she was surprised that no one chased after her. She would have surely thought the Howard of time would have chased after her, though she would have to guess that Peggy stopped him. The Agent always knew what she needed.
However, she could breathe easier, not that it wasn't physically painful to breathe. (She did just get out of a fight. Running, dodging and jumping from Iron Man suit to Iron Man suit.) But, she breathed better. She didn't know what it was, but Killian gave her the creeps...Okay, she had some idea of why. Maybe, it was because he looked at her with a strange look that she couldn't get out of her head. Like he wanted to eat her. Or maybe, it was because he could shoot fire out of his hands. Yea, that was probably it. Shooting fire was never a normal thing or good thing.
Turning away from the two love doves, she felt the wind get knocked out of her. She didn't know why she expected anything different, but heck, why did it even matter? It wasn't like there was a chance for the two of them. Did she forget about the future asshole Rogers, who wouldn't let her do anything? All she needed to do was to look the future and see it wouldn't work. Maybe, this was a good thing; she could spare herself the pain.
because orders, and that got under Toni's skin, as she
"Are you ready?" Barnes asked, whispering.
Bruce took a step to them. "Pepper," he called. "Let's all take a step back."
"Sir,-"
"It's cold. I should get home," he told himself. Bucky was probably worried about him, and he knew his best friend well enough to know that he would come looking for him if he didn't show up soon. Bucky knew what he was up to, and he was already worried about Steve's sanity.
"Sark?"
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "You don't need to. I know why you did. You thought what you were doing was for the best. I would've done the same thing." It was true that she would've, but that didn't mean she had to like it.
"Why not?" Toni replied. "This is my tower. It is my elevator. I can leave whatever I want wherever I want."
Toni stumbled a few steps as pain shot through her legs. She was drained and she could barely keep her eyes open. They hadn't let her sleep and her mind had started to slip; it wouldn't be long before it was gone. "You have no idea of my genius," she mocked.
friends."
Rocking her and talking to her softly, Steve didn't know how much time had passed, but the genius had since fallen asleep in his arms. His heart warmed at the sight of the brunette resting in his arms, sign how much she trusted, and he couldn't help but smile as there was no one else that he wanted in his arms, no one else that he was willing to die for. Yes, he would give up his life for the greater good, but with Toni, it was more. He would do
*O*O*
Steve's jaw locked, trying to put on his Captain's voice. It wouldn't be good if Clint was calling and sounding like that. "I'm here. Did you find her?" he asked, though he knew the answer already.
Rogers popped up into a sitting position frustrated. How could he sleep when all he saw was pain? He didn't know how it was possible to sleep when his past life kept haunting him. It wasn't just about his memories of Toni; it was about Bucky, whose death still haunted him. It was about everything. He saw everything. He wasn't sure why he couldn't get rid of them.
Her father let out a chuckle as he followed. "So maybe I'm lucky."
innocent. Even though his touches were innocent, there was something intimate about the way that he touched her. It was a loving touch.
Her eye twitched. "But I don't wanna."
"There's only one Toni that I'm aware of and that's Toni Stark, but I highly doubt she was involved in the SSR."
"The big green guy will probably be safe as well." She mumbled on. "Not that I think they can piece that skin."
Clint and Natasha both turned to him and were glaring. "I think he doubts our assassin skills, Nat."
Tony knows he shouldn't let it get it to him, but he can't. He likes being with them. He likes that they care for him. "Promise me," he says as he closes his eyes.
"You know how insane you are? You –" she started but unable to finish, feeling her legs go out beneath her; however, before she could hit the ground, two arms wrapped around her keeping her up.
"She just
Pepper gave him a glare of her own. "Move," she said in a calm, demanding voice.
he had fallen for Toni. "We've other things to worry about," he replied, choosing not respond to Clint's jest. "We still need to figure out if this is related to the items stolen from Blackhawk."
"Just getting things ready before we storm Schmidt's final hide out," he said with a small smile.
night that Steve told her he was quitting SHIELD was the night that all hell broke loose. Someone must hate her, because this was a crap show with some horrible timing. Shaking her head, she crossed back to the window and leaned against the glass and stared out. "You know that I'm horrible at making friends."
"Are you ready, Toni?" Howard asked, drawing her out of her thoughts.
"Well after you take a shower. You reek," Barnes teases, waving the odor away from his nose.
He was still smiling at her with that cheesy smile of his, refusing to give up. "This is inside my head. It's a…It's a live feed. Come on up, I'll prove it to you," he said, still grinning with that stupid face of his. Not waiting for Toni to respond, he stepped onto the glass coffee table, not caring if it broke underneath him. He ducked under the hologram as if to avoid hitting it. "Come on," he said as he held out his hand to her again. "Don't be afraid, Toni. It won't bite."
Trying to get a better look, she pushed herself up through the pain. There were a few odd tanks that looked out of place, but it was the men, who caught her attention. There were so many of them and each looked like they had been through hell; however, they probably looked better than she did, which wasn't fair. "Goddamn it," she cursed. She fell back again; she tried another but the same thing.
"You know what?" he said as he pulled her into his chest. "You're hard headed."
"Steve."
Steve's smile turned into a grin. "You think I would let you leave for Malibu without me?" he asked. "This is our first Christmas together. You think I'm letting you out of my sight?"
"Y-Yes," he groans as he tries to look away. He doesn't understand why it has to be so blinding. It's like looking at the sun, and he wants nothing more than to knock it away, but his body doesn't want to respond. "K-killing m-me."
His eye twitched at the sound of the nickname. "You're lucky you're even that. I could've made you a private, but if you're going to be around my men, I want, rather need, you to be of a higher rank. These men hadn't been around a woman in a long time, and a slightly higher rank might be able to discourage them from trying something."
"Okay," Tony utters as he follows after the Colonel, tripping over his heavy boot. He looks like a fool, as he struggles to keep up. His leg is killing him, and it's showing on his face with every step. He knows there's a noticeable twitch in his leg, and he knows everyone notices. If Steve and James were present (and still dating), they would sweep him off his feet and carry him around like a princess—not that he'll never admit to wanting that-, and damn it, he wants that. He wants it bad…
"Who does the other tag before belongs to?" he asked, waiting a few seconds for Toni to reply, but all she did was stare up at the ceiling. "Will you tell me what happened?" Bruce get her a look before he glanced down at the reactor again. This time he had a tool in his hand as he looked it over.
She leaned her head back to look up at the Captain. He was cold to the touch, but he had a smile on his face as he offered the Candy Cane to her. "Where did you go?" she asked, noticing his coat. "You're cold."
She loved…Wait, what? She l-loved him. She loved being with Steve. She loved his smile. His eyes, not an ounce of anything but love. She loved waking up to his affectionate smile. She loved being in his safe arms. She…loved him.
He took a deep breath. "There was this guy who was mouthing off. I told him to shut it and he didn't like that."
"How hard are you willing to fight for her? S-Toni is going to need someone to call her on her shit, even when all she does is swing. She's going to need someone to take care of her, but yet, force her to do it herself. She needs support, but she needs to want to help herself…" She paused for a second. "She might need more than you can give," Natasha said, staring at him. "So what are you willing to do? Willing to let someone else help if and when you can't?"
He glanced toward her as he washed the dishes. It didn't seem like he had any interest in eating the bacon, which was okay with her. She could eat it all herself. "He left early."
Getting down on her stomach, Toni leaned over the edge of the hold, studying the cut edges. It was a straight, clean cut with no jigged edges. "What the hell?" she thought, running the finger over it. If this happened when she went to the past, shouldn't the same thing happen when she came back? Though she didn't recall much from her return, she didn't remember much debris…granted she wasn't sure if she could trust that. Was the S.T.R.I.K.E. team real?
"I'm just fine." She reached for her army issued coat and put it on. Taking a deep breath, she headed toward the tent's entrance. She paused for a second and added, "And I'm sorry for hitting you."
Without paying any attention to Toni's insult, the boy added, "If I was building Iron
"And SHIELD will let you? Don't they own your hot ass?" she asked, as she grinned. "Fury goes 'Rogers jump,' and you go 'how high.'" She enjoyed teasing him. "And then there's the Mandarin. I would think SHIELD would want you on that."
Again, why couldn't people just drop this? Besides, he wasn't upset about Toni taking her time…well, not really…Not a lot. He would be lying if he said it didn't hurt. It did but he understood, or he tried to. He just didn't like everyone poking fun at it. He didn't like everyone talking about it like it was a joke. It wasn't. "I am not."
However, it was that moment that everything started to spin. It was that moment that her device spark violently, drawing everyone's attention, and it was the last moment that Toni remembered. After that moment in time, it seemed like everything stopped existing. Everything just seemed to vanish, and she was left unable to feel anything.
Steve's look turned cold as he glared at Rumlow, which the man noticed. With a calm smile, he put his arms up as if to surrender. "Relax, Big Guy," he said. "Not moving on your turf."
"Is this about Sgt. Barnes?" Phillips asked. "Or about Rogers and Carter?"
"Steve," Jones called, snapping the Super Soldier back to reality with a hand on the shoulder. "She's back. She's upstairs in one of the labs. Why don't you go to her?" There was a smile on his face, a knowing smile.
Toni took a look around, but she didn't notice anyone else tailing her, not that she expected to, because she really wasn't trained to notice tails. She didn't know what she was looking for. She only noticed the sucky tail, who seemed to want to be caught. She watched as he turned and walked away with his arms behind his back. Being the risky idiot that she was, Toni followed after him, without a second thought about her safety.
"I'll find her," Howard said, turning toward Toni. "Going to give me some hints."
Toni shook her head, as she tried to focus. "Wait, what? Take a step back," she ordered. "Explain this to me. What bet?"
Slowly opening her eyes, Toni played with the idea that this whole time traveling thing was just a nightmare, but she knew that wasn't the case. As soon as she opened her eyes, she knew she was still living in this nightmare. Yes, she considered this situation to be a total nightmare. She wouldn't call this her worst fear, but it was one of her fears. She was totally alone with no idea of how to get back. For once in her life, her brain was letting her down.
"What?" she asked, annoyed.
"Okay, that's a bad example, but I blame Barnes on that one," she said, annoyed. Why did he have to step in front of her like that? What was he trying to show?
"Enough with that," Sharon interrupted. "I know we don't get along. You're an ass and all, but you aren't a burden. You aren't broken. And if Steve sees you as that, he doesn't deserve you, though I doubt that's the truth. Probably, the furthest thing from the truth. Just looking at those pictures, I knows he loves you. So, don't let that stop you for getting what you want."
