When he woke up again he was in his new bed. The sheets, the covers, even the pillows smelled new and so fresh. The mattress was incredibly comfortable, making Tony feel as if he was resting on a cloud. How did he get to the bed? From the other side of the door he heard Benni speaking to someone and then he even laughed. That sound was like music to his ears. Tony got up very slowly and moved to the door that connected their rooms. It felt only appropriate to knock before entering and so he did.
The waitress returned with their wine before Steve had a chance to respond and he was grateful to get a moment to gather his thoughts and figure out what he wanted to say. He always hated this part of dates, especially first dates. He also hated his track record with this part—most people, he had learned, were so enamored with the idea of dating a hot firefighter that they tended to forget a person and personality existed as well. His job was important to him but there was more to him than that and that part was usually where he tended to lose people’s interest.
“Oh, love,” Steve said, his voice thick with tears and relief as he pulled Tony gently into his arms and then lifted him off the ground.
“Well, if it was that’s truly terrible because he’s somewhere at the bottom of the Gowanus Canal now,” James said, heading for the living room to circle the location before he went to wash up and start planning with Steve.
They hadn’t been together in this house for nearly two months. For awhile he wasn’t even able to see Steve. He couldn’t touch him. And now they were back together at home.
“I hear you,” Clint repeated slowly.
“We’re fine, Cap, now go before you bleed out all over the floor,” Jones said. Steve turned to look down the hall when he heard familiar footsteps and saw James and Tony heading his way.
“Well, aren’t you?” He grinned. “Mr Rogers, sir,” he whispered.
James asked Clint while Sarah told Benni to finish his vegetables or no pudding.
Tony looked at James, playing idly with the spoon in his hand. He wasn’t necessarily nervous, just very aware of with whom he was. And of course what, or rather who, this was about. “Yes,” he said, nodding. “I told Steve this already. There’s one thing I want him to answer me.”
“No, I’m coming to you as your friend. I want your permission to… stop them.”
Steve was breathing hard, his hands shaking but he wasn’t sure from what. Tony was holding him by his wrists tightly, more strength in those hands than Steve expected.
Tony simply looked at Benni. He knew that he was also dealing with all of this in his own way, since he had no idea what had been going on and that probably frustrated him a lot. Still it was no excuse in Tony’s eyes. Eventually Benni gave in and nodded, agreeing to do what his brother told him.
“Me too,” Clint said with a soft smile. “It’s called Hawkeye after my nickname during the war. It’s in Midtown. It’s a cool place. Very… accepting, if you know what I mean.”
Tony furrowed his brows when he noticed that Clint’s voice sounded strained.
“So why not just surprise me?”
“D-did something happen? Is Benni alright? And Clint? James? Natal—“
“You look nice,” Steve said, pulling away enough to quickly peck Tony’s lips and then step aside to close the door.
Clint turned and smiled and James felt like the wind was knocked out of him. That smile, that bright, crooked smile and those happy eyes were all for him and all his and even on his worst days that was enough to give him the boost he needed.
Back at the office, Steve paced behind his desk, hands clasped together behind his back. He was waiting for the call. He knew—he wasn’t sure how but he knew—that Clint and Natalia were with James. He knew they would probably tell James what had happened. He also knew James was going to be furious but it was a consequence he was willing to endure because the longer James didn’t tell him, the more important this felt.
Steve, Dugan and Jones were walking back to the car, Jones at his six and Dugan leading in front, both of them with their guns in hand, held out, ready to shoot.
“Ah, I see,” he answered. “I don’t drink but thank you for the invitation.” He looked back up, curious as to how James and Clint met but he didn’t want to ask because it felt rude. “Thanks for thinking I was of drinking age though. Usually people think I’m a lot younger than I am.”
“And you’d definitely stay with me?”
“You will not kill Bakuto.” Steve opened his mouth to protest. “I get it. You want someone who put the love of your life through this shit to eat a bullet and be gone but, Steve… I want him to suffer,” James said, his voice trembling with rage that wasn’t there a moment ago.
“Tony, you said yesterday you don’t think I’m heartless and bloodthirsty but you think I’m
“Welcome home.”
“M-mr Rogers, uh, sir, I ain’t mean no—” Cap raised a hand and the kid instantly fell silent.
“Have you ever been in love?”
“There isn’t a whole lot more to me,” he said with a shrug. What was there to know about his life? “Do you ever forget how old you are?”
you and you did it, huh?” Clint rolled his eyes, realizing that he should probably be working instead of just gossiping in the corner with Nat but the latter was a lot more fun. “You didn’t ask? Didn’t push back? You just… said yes?”
Tony did as he was told, smiling at the authority that Sarah had over the two men. Tony kept looking back at Steve but also couldn’t help but notice how good James looked. He hardly seemed to fit in with them all but Steve’s words were still fresh in his mind and made him smile. Together with Sarah he prepared the chicken, peeled potatoes and chopped vegetables all according to the recipe, which Sarah surely didn’t need but made Benni feel included.
“I see. Well, if you don’t mind, give him my love?”
It was interesting talking to Tony. His reactions to things weren’t what Clint expected. The way he spoke reminded him that Tony was only nineteen.
James hated so much that the brightest, purest bit of sunshine in this world was in so much pain and there wasn’t a goddamn thing he could do about it. At least no more than he already was. It was infuriating and depressing but now wasn’t the time to dwell on how he felt, Clint’s feelings were priority number one now and always. He also made a mental note to call the doctor as soon as possible about getting Clint’s cast removed.
“Sure, we can bring something back to—”
“Conversation does seem to suggest it, yes,” James responded, a slight smile on his lips. “However,” he began, and Steve’s eyes lit up, a smile forming as he recognized that tone, “we still have an entire bottle of whiskey that we paid for. It’d be a waste not to drink it, wouldn’t you agree?”
Sarah had made him a cup of tea and brought him a biscuit while he read and Tony napped. He was just finishing the biscuit when Tony stirred.
It was hard for James to grasp just how much had happened today. Tony’s hand, Clint’s nightmare, Bakuto, he and Steve’s chat. In fact,
James breathed a soft laugh. “Not a problem. Feel free to explore. I’ve got nothing to hide. I have lunch for us, though.” He went over to the table and brought the tray over. Maria was just about to stand and take James up on that offer when he mentioned food and she promptly sat back down.
They stopped off in town first like Steve said to pick up groceries. Steve went after the basics like eggs, bread, some vegetables, and milk while he let Tony roam the shop for any particulars he might want.
Both of their busy daytime schedules gave them all the time they needed apart from each other for alone time and they didn’t
“Well, let’s start over then. Clean slate.”
Steve stopped, not coming any closer, and Clint looked away, irritated and, quite frankly, embarrassed.
I’m so intrigued that I’m willing to allow it,” Clint noted and James grinned. “Please, continue.”
He squinted up at the clock, trying to see the time. It was nearing seven in the morning and Steve wasn’t even sure when he had fallen asleep. He remembered showering and dinner and he vaguely remembered taking his shirt off but that part was honestly a blur. Had
Tony knew Steve needed to protect them but hearing him say it out loud to a stranger was something else. And yet he had to smirk. They fell ill. Well, some get the flu and others what they deserve. He hid his smile behind his hand.
“Rogers,” Natalia said in her deep voice, her eyes flickering quickly to Tony and she offered him the warmest smile she had.
Pepper laughed softly and shook her head. “No, it’s not. It’s in small things. Like gettin’ Benni his favorite kinda candy. Or gettin’ me a strawberry milkshake. Those are acts of love, aren’t they?” Those were obvious to him, so he nodded in agreement. “Love is warm an’ fuzzy. It’ll make ya feel like your tummy’s feelin’ funny, like ya can’t eat but in a good way. And it makes ya smile and feel light. And when ya close ya eyes, there’s them. Ya wanna talk to them no matter what, spend time and be together. It just makes sense to love that person your heart chose.”
“Thank you,
“Mars is pretty neat but wait, the moon’s not a planet?” Clint asked in fake-shock, hoping Benni would be up to telling him about it.
“It’s not some deadly disease or the end of the world, ya know?” She crossed her legs again and folded her hands neatly. “Is it someone I know? One of Steve’s men?” She kept her voice low and spoke in his direction. Tony appreciated it very much and it took some of the pressure off his chest.
“Very much so. Your choice this time?”
Steve helped him get dressed and back into bed. “I want to wait for Clint,” Tony mumbled, rubbing his tired eyes. “Can you keep me awake?”
“Who else?”
“It’ll soon be light. Then we can talk some more,” Tony mumbled. He wished there was something he could do for Clint or at least talk to him properly. If only it was time for their food too, even if it was only a bread roll and a potato.
“Hi, sweetheart,” Clint said and James’ eyes lightened up just the tiniest bit.
“Believe me, I wish I wasn’t your son,” Tony said, one hand in his pocket. Howard laughed. It was a dry laugh, it made him cough and then it took him a minute to calm back down.
James wasn’t aware that Fitz didn’t know. He gave Fitz a mischievous smile and turned to continue pulling Clint along. James led him around the back where Dmitri was still in the car. James hadn’t been sure what was going on but just in case they needed a speedy departure, he had asked him to stay in the car rather than go into the bar.
Steve leaned in and stage-whispered to Benni, “Don’t eat them,” with a wink that made Benni smile.
“Why what, Stark?” Steve asked, his eyes still on his coffee cup, swirling the dark liquid and taking a sip. He looked at him then and saw him shudder. “It’s my business. I’ll do as I please.”
“You good?” Rhodey asked, leaning against the doorframe to Tony’s bedroom. He had been watching him struggle for the last minute, wondering when he would notice him. Apparently the answer was never.
“You don’t even know what I signed up for,” James retorted, laying back down on Clint’s bare chest. “So if you happen to come across this goofball of a man, who likes me for me and not my money, and who makes me laugh so hard that I almost choked once, please tell him I love him no matter what he looks like.”
“But if you’re uncomfortable,
“I wasn’t sure what you’d want to do once you were better. You know I’d have provided you someplace else to stay until you got back on your feet but I wanted to make sure that in the near future, you’d be more than secure. If I couldn’t keep you, I’d make sure you were alright wherever you went.” He was giving Tony a small smile. He loved the expressions going across Tony’s face.
They settled with tea and some more cookies, Benni moving to sit between Steve and Tony. He was refusing to give in to his sleepiness and kept rubbing his tired eyes. He had always been like that, for as long as Tony could remember. For a second it wasn’t Sarah who sat across the coffee table from them. It was Maria and she smiled at a younger Tony who had his toddler brother in his lap and his sister was bringing them tea. The memory made him sigh heavily and he regretted that he had so many memories of them and Benni didn’t.
“Well, figure out where you’d like to and get back to me,” Tony said, confused but amused. “Mind if I wait here for him while you all enjoy these?” He lifted the top off the box and the smell wafted through the room and soon everyone—skeptical of him or not—were standing around the table inspecting the contents. “Just thought I’d show my appreciation for my roommate and his colleagues. You all do a commendable job.”
They were currently on their way to a two-alarm fire in BedStuy. Firehouse 21 where Rhodey’s girlfriend Carol worked had also been called onto the scene. It was an apartment fire but it was on their list of condemned, potentially dangerous buildings. As far as they knew no one lived there, not to mention the fact that the front doors were bolted shut so they didn’t even think squatters were inside.
,” Tony said with a heavy sigh.
He put his cup down and moved closer into Howard’s space, standing a good half a foot taller than him. He looked him up and down for an uncomfortably long time. “Why? Is there something I should know?”
?” Sarah asked after a while and Tony looked up to her.
“Hello?” he called out, suddenly realizing he had no idea where to go. Rhodey had never invited him for a tour due to their rule about ‘quiet zones’.
“What are you going to do today?” He asked simply because he didn’t know what else they could talk about.
So logically Clint knew there was nothing to be afraid of when it came to laying himself bare with James, both literally and emotionally. And yet, the thought of doing so made him cringe on a cellular level. What if—
“No.” James watched him closely, noting the subtle changes in his body language and knowing Clint needed to go home. He needed to be somewhere where he could release all of the tension James could see he was holding. He just hoped Clint
James shrugged. “Is either better than the other? Either they thought we had abandoned them or they thought we couldn’t protect them in the first place.”
“Let’s have breakfast and then we’ll do something fun today,
As he staggered back, Clint used the distance for two things: one, to get a better look at him and two, to grab the first sharp object he could find. Thankfully, he had just gotten in a new shipment of cutlery seeing as he wanted to expand the bar’s menu. He grabbed a butter knife, holding it at his side.
Maybe he would. Maybe he’d ask Steve. Thinking about his name, he remembered the warmth of his hand on his knee, his hands and fingers working on his skin. He closed his eyes, thinking back to the feeling and when he opened his eyes again, he saw the deli. How was he supposed to explain all the things he was given? Being driven home?
“I told you I never got a name.”
Tony got up and got rid of his jacket and tie to get more comfortable next to Steve. He laid down next to him and carefully wrapped an arm around Steve’s middle where he didn’t feel thick bandages. He kissed his cheek, down his neck and back up to his lips, peppering his skin with soft kisses. He kept his kisses and touches, soft and innocent to comfort Steve. Considering his wound it wouldn’t be a good idea to get him too excited and he didn’t want to add to his pain.
“Steve?” he mumbled, “did you find the tags?”
“I’m here for you too, you know. This—is there sand on the floor? Did you punch through a bag?” He turned back to Steve. It was incredible that he was able to do that.
“Bucky’s gonna propose soon.”
“So,” Steve began, taking a risk here but he was curious and nothing if not a little bit competitive, “the worse the company—”
“Thanks, I feel better too,” he said and hugged her back awkwardly. Why did it feel nothing like the hug Steve had given him? What was up with him lately?
“It’s final then? You’re not coming to my wedding?” she asked without so much as a warning or heads up so he could have prepared for the sudden change of topic and mood.
“Do you have a pen and paper?”
“Before we start on plans, what are you doing to keep Clint safe?”
Steve looked over at Tony, he was getting the wheelchair ready. “Not just yet, love. Doctors want to keep him for at least another week. We can go by and see him on the way out, though.”
“Fine. But just one.”
His eyes opened again—big brown doe eyes—and he looked at Steve in confusion, processing slowly. He seemed hungover and very tired, dark circles under his eyes and he squinted as he glanced around himself. After a moment of scanning the apartment, it seemed to finally hit him that he wasn’t where he should be.
Pinky looked up into the mirror at Steve who gestured for Pinky to speak.
“And what? No thanks for me.”
Tony nodded, rubbing his tired, burning eyes. He gave Clint’s hand another squeeze before letting it go and Steve wheeled him back into his room. The relief he felt over Clint being okay and able to hear again helped Tony to relax a little more.
They headed inside and were greeted by staff and customers alike, people sending them overly polite smiles and tipping hats.
James flipped his paper down again and looked over at him, took in the poorly concealed scowl on Clint’s face and laughed.
One of James’ men came in and whispered something to him and James excused himself, telling Tony it was a pleasure to meet him.
“My best friend is Mee—uh, Dmitri’s cousin. I’ve known Dmitri for years and he thought James needed friends and so he introduced us.” He smiled, remembering that night and how closed off James had been and how very on brand Clint Barton he had been. “James did not like me at first.”
Tony entered the room slowly and found Benni sitting in a corner, hugging his legs close. A position he had seen the boy in way too many times.
“What for?” he asked, tasting the soup himself before blowing on another spoonful to offer Clint.
“What if I asked you to spend the night?”
Clint nodded, gave Tony a small smile, and took a sip, closing his eyes at the feeling of water washing down his throat. He was so thirsty and what he wouldn’t give for a bath.
“He’s okay?”
The guilt hit Clint like another kick to the gut, a lump appearing in his throat and a nauseating feeling in his gut. This was all his fault. He had convinced Tony to try to escape. He had sent Tony out only for him to get caught and beaten. If only he had pushed his pride and his past aside and been a good captive, Tony wouldn’t be in the pain he was in now. They wouldn’t be free but anything was better than this.
“You don’t even have a type,” he accused, drinking his beer.
That evening after dinner Steve went to his study and something about the way he looked at Tony, told him to follow and so he did. Sarah didn’t seem to need an excuse why Tony wouldn’t help with the dishes and frankly he was grateful because he wouldn’t have known what to tell her.
“Good, because I’m freezing my ass off and I think your cigar just set the blanket on fire.”
Clint’s Russian was still improving day by day like James’ ASL, so he thought about it for a second and looked around at the people in the room and then back to James. “Yeah. I am.”
” James growled, looking between the two of them.
“Oh, come now, Steven, I don’t remember ever teaching you to drop your head in shame like that,” she said sternly, and he met her eyes, blue like his but even firmer, even more stubborn and unrelenting, wiser.
Clint got to his feet, a little shaky, but stormed forward, his fist sailing through the air and connecting loudly with the jaw of the man who had hit Tony. There was a crack and the guy stumbled backwards and the second one dropped the food in their room and grabbed the guy Clint had hit.
He knew there was no going to sleep now so he glanced over in Tony's direction although conversation was out of the question as it was too dark. He squinted, trying to make out his shape and see if he was awake but he couldn’t so he gave up.
Tony turned to see Sam and huffed indignantly.
He should’ve been waking up. It had been long enough for the anesthesia to wear off. Of course James took into consideration the fact that he was probably exhausted but still, he needed to hear him speak and know he was alright and then he would let Clint sleep as much and for as long as he wanted.
“Tony,” he said, half-sighing, half-disbelieving, “if I didn’t want to be ‘bothered’ by you lot—your words, not mine—I wouldn't have brought you into my home,” he said. “Of
“Alright, I’m all yours,” Steve said, leaning back again and pulling Tony to his side. “Sorry about the strawberries though. Can’t believe I let it slip my mind. We’ll bring her back a couple really nice things,” he reassured him, lowering his voice so Sarah wouldn’t hear.
“Phil, this is Mr Rogers,” James said.
“Not many people would have said that,” he told him quietly. “Dugan’s the only person outside my immediate family who knows. Well, and Dmitri.” He could feel himself starting to say more than he should and bit back on his words. “Even Dugan wasn’t… a fan in the beginning. Think he felt he owed me his loyalty more than anything else.”
“Smells delightful, you two,” Steve said, taking his seat and cracking his neck. Maybe he ought to book a massage somewhere? He’d have to find out if Tony would be comfortable with it first. He knew he wouldn’t want one for himself but he might also not like the idea of Steve receiving one either.
In front of the building, the two men spoke to Pepper, welcoming her back and then continuing in Gaelic. They obviously thought she was a beautiful girl and Pepper didn’t seem to mind the attention they were giving her, seeing as she winked at them and gave them her sweetest smile.
James and Steve were doing all they could and they weren’t tired out but they were accepting, reluctantly, that their best might not be enough. They might need more and whatever Clint and Tony needed, Clint and Tony would get. Steve and James would burn down New York City in its entirety if that would help.
Clint was telling the story of how he met Natalia when their last meal was delivered and again they ate in companionable silence and then, now that it was too dark for conversation, they simply waited until they assumed it was about midnight.
Christmas, let alone celebrated even if they had. He didn’t think the others had either but he wondered.
“Maybe after dinner. Love, I can run out quickly and grab them. It’s no problem,” Steve assured him, already leaning forward to stand up.
Steve sighed, his pants uncomfortably tight but he could ignore it. “I want you to feel
“Well,” James said, looking at Tony, “we also wanted to ask you about that but baby steps. Would temporarily living together be something you two would like? It doesn’t make things any harder for Steve and I either. Makes it easier, in fact.”
his favorite colors?
“That’s right,
“By reading to me?”
“Sorry,” he mumbled between heavy breaths. “S-Steve... Are you sure you’re okay?” Tony asked, his mind foggy, barely able to form a whole sentence. Still he was present enough to worry about him, no matter what the circumstances.
“You said you trusted me,” he said with a sincere smile. “Then
Slowly he went to the bed and sure enough he could see Steve sleeping on top of the duvet, illuminated by the dim lights coming from outside. As quietly and slowly as possible Tony pulled the duvet away from under Steve, which was a task in itself. Next he repeated the process with his blanket. Luckily Steve didn’t wake up easily and Tony could tell the signs of his sleeping phases by now.
“What do you have on me? What proof?”
“Yes.”
“So,” Pinky interrupted, curious, and Steve was just the tiniest bit unaccustomed to people just speaking out of turn around him. James did it, of course, as did Clint but this felt different and he almost glared into the rearview mirror before remembering. “This is your new brother?”
“No, stop!” He pulled his arm away, inhaling sharply at the pain caused by the friction of the fabric. “What are you
James had thought of at least seven ways to kill Howard instantly using a knife while Tony spoke but he understood his concerns. He pointed to Steve and said, “Then perhaps there is nothing for me to teach you. Right now.” If Tony wanted to learn to use a knife later, he would be willing to teach him.
nice,” Natalia agreed, her smile softening even more.
“It’s not my fault you don’t check a room before entering it.”
“I did but then I wanted to hear your voice.” Oh, smooth, Rogers. “And also, I, uh… I’m stuck, actually,” he laughed. Even though he sounded nervous, his laugh was still such a nice sound. “I wanna take you somewhere you’ll enjoy but I realize I don’t actually
“And I haven’t even heard about them! Do I have to explain to you again what bisexual means or are you just rubbing it in that you get to stare at people sculpted by Michelangelo himself and I get Bruce and
It was definitely quieter without Benni chasing Lucky around and Lucky seemed to miss the kid too, sometimes going upstairs in search of him, whining when he didn’t find him. And Clint missed Sarah a lot more than he thought he would. He hadn’t expected her to take to him as well as she did or for him to respond to it so well but she was an absolutely lovely person and Clint looked forward to seeing her again.
“You can just say
“Coincidence or not, the fact of the matter is,
Steve stood up straight, breathing hard and fixed his hair. He dared anyone in the room to look at him funny so they kept their eyes on the ground. The guy in front of him had no choice but to keep his eyes shut, they were swollen.
“What’s that?” Cap asked, sipping his drink and eyeing the neck of his companion. There was a bruise. “I don’t believe someone got a lick in on
“July 4th,” he answered. “When’s Benni’s? I know yours.”
Steve laughed and responded in Gaelic, beyond furious. “
“What should I call you?” Tony asked, unsure of how to address her.
Howard’s not.
he had made a solemn promise to James not to unlock those front doors for anyone but Natalia and then after she had arrived he could start letting in customers. Seeing as he had fought his incredibly protective and loving guy on literally every other safety measure he wanted to put in place, Clint thought it was only fair that he at least do this.
James inhaled deeply, trying to remember his promise to Clint not to lose his temper with Steve. Clint was irritated but no harm had been done. James thought it was sweet how much Clint cared about the preservation of James’ friendship with Steve.
“How is he? I ask Nat but even she only knows so much.”
“Wait.” James stopped and turned. “Can we just… cuddle for a bit first?”
James laughed. “You’d kill me if I tried.” He turned to leave again but then stopped to add one more thing. “But then again, I also wouldn’t try.”
“What’s wrong?”
“No, I have to help my ma with the little ones. It’s bathing day. Some other day for sure.”
“If I wake up and that dog’s foot is on my pillow again—”
“Mmm,” Clint hummed happily. “That was a good nap. You’re a good nap buddy,” he said, grinning at Tony and then yawning. “What’d I miss?”
Even though they all but threw him back into the room, Tony was glad to see him again.
him. There had to be a better way of doing this. That is, if Tony even wanted anything to be done.
to run him off? It seemed like that was what Steve wanted when he examined his actions. The worst part was that he couldn’t even remember most of the conversation. He hoped to hell he hadn’t said anything damning.
All he could think about was getting out of the city and away from everything for a while and living in a little dream bubble with James. Experiencing life as the two of them should be able to enjoy it. Together, free, without worry of being discovered. He knew it still wouldn’t be
“You’re looking better,” Steve said from where he sat in a chair that was slightly too small for him, in his relaxing clothes—just a pair of high-waisted black trousers with a white t-shirt tucked in and socks—a contented look on his face.
Clint ran his fingers through his hair, sighing softly. “Yeah.”
was even the one who confessed his love for you first. Or did I just pull those memories out of my pasty arse?”
Steve froze, his arm in the air mid-way to the sandbag as he whipped his head around to see Tony standing there. He dropped his arm, his muscles aching now that he actually took a breath. He brushed his floppy fringe back away from his face, pulling the sleeve of his shirt up to wipe away the sweat.
He shrugged out of his jacket and hung it up, heading upstairs to change and then coming back down to find Tony. He wanted to see his mother and Benni, but really he just wanted to carry Tony to bed and hold him in his arms where he knew he was safe and no one could touch him.
“Why France?”
Steve laughed. “What a lush.”
“He wants you to stay with me? Keep you safe?” She nodded, surprised. “We’ve always had this plan in place. In case anything happens, you come to me. It’s fine.”
“I know my way home, I don’t need a ride but thanks, pal,” he said, patting Dmitri’s shoulder and leaving. James entered the room with Dmitri, a smile on his face, so whoever the man was, he must have been with both of them.
“What do you want, Bakuto?” Steve asked.
“I still love you but not like that.”
“Huh. We can’t ever just have a puppy wander in, can we? Last time it was Barton,” Sam said, shaking his head.
“Queens. I don’t know where. Just Queens. He mentioned it once,” Loki confessed. He was slowly realizing that perhaps his political aspirations were not that important if he wouldn’t even survive long enough to finish a term as mayor.
Steve was painfully aware of the proximity and the warmth. Tony’s invitation to make himself comfortable hadn’t really helped either because now he was spread out and didn’t want to move again and disturb him, so he stayed as he was—close to him and acutely aware of that fact.
Tony closed the door and lingered there for a moment. Pepper’s biggest worry was if he wanted to be with Steve and if he was happy. Not so long ago that had been completely different.
“Negative. You?”
Within minutes Benni was fast asleep, curled up in the most awkward and uncomfortable looking position ever but he slept with a smile on his face.
He abhorred the idea of commercial air flight for many reasons, most of all because he was not a people person. The idea of being stuck in a flying tin can for fifteen hours with a bunch of strangers, being served food also from strangers, cooked by strangers, was
What if Steve was already trying to tell him he wanted more out of this? What if Tony wasn’t ready to handle whatever it was that Steve wanted? Tony licked his lips and swallowed to hide his sudden flurry of nerves.
“Eh, I’m not that interesting.”
, a digestive. It’s served cold in summer. This is the batch Benni and I made last summer.”
He leaned forward, his hands on the back of the couch, looking over Tony’s shoulder. “What is it?”
“Courtesy of our store. The usual, plus some proper joe,” he said and handed them the plate and can.
was the one who made the first move.
, he thought to himself.
out,” Clint said, upset that he wasn’t able to provide James with an outlet because of his injuries but also too sleepy to get too worked up.
James turned his attention back to Clint who was still chatting animatedly with Carol’s table.
Steve and he sat in the back of the car and his free hand was wrapped around Steve’s dog tags that were now back around his neck. There was an uneasiness inside of him even though he was safe as could be. The outside world simply seemed to be even less trustworthy than before and Tony couldn’t wait to get back to the place where he was allowed to heal and be taken care of.
Just when he had that thought, he nearly bumped into Steve. Beautiful and pale and beautifully pale Steve. For a second Tony forgot to breathe.
“You can do whatever you want but I’d prefer you eat and drink a little first. Just to give myself some peace of mind, if that’s alright with you,” Steve said, calling Dugan in, who was keeping guard outside the door, to send him off with a food order before he answered Tony’s other questions. “I’m fine, I had the others with me. Not a scratch. Thank you for worrying though.”
“I am,” Clint said firmly. “So then this is all we got. Worst case scenario, I get hit again. Still better than not knowing. To me, at least.”
Tony got distracted when he caught a glimpse of Steve standing near the table and saying something that made everyone laugh. “Look at him. I love him so much.” He was speaking more to himself. Sometimes his feelings for Steve overwhelmed him but in a positive way. “The offer stands. If you want to, then just come over,” Tony said, slowly unwrapping himself from the blanket and getting up to go over to Steve and hug him from behind.
During the first half of the day that was what Tony was thinking about. For the most part. The other part, which he needed to push aside all the time, were his thoughts about Steve who was back in the office. Just as before Tony was working in the background while Steve handled the things that needed his ‘personal touch.’
“Dance? I don’t think so.” She gave him a stern look and he raised his hand in defense. “I have a broken arm. So maybe something calmer?”
On their way back upstairs, they made sure to speak louder than usual to alert the other two. The last thing they wanted was to frighten them with their sudden presence. Besides, it hadn’t escaped James or Steve that Tony and Clint might be discussing their time as captives and it might not be something they were ready for them to hear.
“Thanks. Your gratitude for the end of one of my relationships really puts a skip in my step.”
why don’t ya go fetch ‘em.”
“Benni, remember we spoke about your name? Your full legal name?”
“Who is in there?” He asked, unable to see into the windows as Dugan got out and moved around to the passenger seat.
“You didn’t kill him?” she asked.
The night had brought with it nightmares, which weren’t unexpected. Clint had lashed out and cried for people James didn’t know. Army friends, he figured, but didn’t ask in case it made the situation worse.
From the names and insults they were calling him in English, Tony knew they knew about Steve and his relationship. Was that the reason why he was here? What good would that do? Wouldn’t it make more sense to just kill both of them? Nothing seemed to make sense anymore.
Or not. He wasn’t sure. Clint didn’t seem the type to run home and tattle but that didn’t mean James wouldn’t pick up on something wrong.
After their second round of apple juice for everyone, the door opened unexpectedly and Sarah came in with Benni, both of them carrying bags.
but you have enough on your plate as it is. You don’t need my feelings on top of it all.” James bit his tongue, stopping himself from adding ‘or my guilt.’
⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️
He wanted Tony’s reactions to him to be natural, his own, not in response to who Steve was or what he was capable of. Once at the bottom of the stairs, he gently untangled their arms and walked a step ahead of him.
Dugan shook his head. “His lackey didn’t know, Cap.” He looked at Steve and then sat in the chair across from his desk. “I know I’m not your first choice but, uh, wanna talk about it?”
you got hit but—”
“It’s too early for that to have happened,” Clint said. “It’s barely nine-thirty.”
Clint, as worn out as he had felt in the trenches, looked up at them with a smirk and said, “Fellas, it’s good to see—”
Right on time Sarah came in and even to Tony she looked angry.
For a second he thought about talking to James and asking him what he could do. But then his stubbornness and pride kicked in, even if it wasn’t the right time or place. He wanted to be there for Steve. Without anyone’s help or advice. It was the least he could do for him.
“You look grand! Where’d ya get that from?” She turned him and nodded in approval. “Wear this when you pick me up for a dance?”
” He whispered softly and pressed another kiss on top of his head.
“I’m glad you approve. Thanks.” He pressed another quick kiss to his cheek and went back to Pepper. “Got distracted there for a second.”
—happy stuff, sad stuff, everything in between. I’ve seen a lot of friendships and relationships made at the bar. Makes me happy that a space I’ve created can be that for them.”
She swallowed dryly, horror creeping up in her because she had just assumed that James had tailed Clint anyway, saved him from whatever this was and taken him back to his office until Natalia arrived. “I thought he was with you.”
“Love is a strong—”
Tony chuckled, tears were rolling down his cheeks. Why was crying so typical of him?
Despite knowing better, Tony flinched at the unexpected touch. It took him only seconds to realize that it was Steve and that he wasn’t in any kind of danger but his initial reaction and reflex bothered him.
Tony was sure he was right because it made sense, the numbers were right there and numbers didn’t lie. Not if the accountant was any good. That thought sparked an idea in him.
“Your phone is ringing.”
“And we get that,” Steve told him. “There’s things we can’t understand but the two of you can. If it helps, we’re happy.”
“Hello, you two. Everything alright?” James stood and came over to press kisses to their cheeks.
“Presents? Is it more than one?” Pepper asked, glancing over at Tony who was now glaring at Benni. He should not have said that.
needs to eat so that my
“Second. But we talked on the phone twice.”
“Not too much, please.” James nodded.
“Hmm,” Clint hummed, chewing on a new piece of bread. “Alright.”
“When my father first bought it, he was doing general repairs but a few years in he made the switch and then brought me on to teach me,” Tony answered, not sounding particularly enthused to be talking about his father and Steve wouldn’t press because he knew what a shitty father figure was like and he wouldn’t want Tony asking about Joseph Rogers if he could avoid it.
“Maria may soon be,” Natalia said, showing Clint her new knife. “And I got a gift from James.”
“Told you, downhill. And no, just my pride.” His eyes went to the door and when nothing happened he said, “Listen, I know you’re not a fan of the escape idea but what if I had a fairly solid plan?”
“What call?”
Tony flinched violently when the door was thrown open. Was it morning already?
James and Steve exchanged a look, both of their fellas almost asleep where they were. Steve put a gentle hand on Tony’s shoulder and James took Clint’s hand, both of them saying the same thing: perhaps it was time to get some more rest.
“I mean it, Clint, if you don’t want to go back, we don’t have to. This is about helping you two recover but if it’s only going to make you worse—”
That wasn’t shocking. It was on the list of reasons Steve and James had come up with themselves. Bakuto had always struggled to accept that he wasn’t the most powerful man in the city and Steve and James had never been particularly happy with the way he conducted business. There was no higher moral ground when it came to their lives but that didn’t stop them from making one, and one thing that was off-limits and always would be? Minors.
He couldn’t pinpoint the exact moment he’d fallen for Tony but he also couldn’t remember what it was like before he felt this way, and, more importantly, he couldn’t imagine a life without him.
They headed over to his desk and he switched on the lamp, looking over the maps and documents and information they had. Steve watched James quietly compare notes he and Dmitri had made, getting to work without even needing a second.
“The places that accept us as we are, are not exactly the kinds of places I’d go dressed as I am,” Maria said, looking at Nat for an explanation but she had none.
Steve Rogers was not someone who woke up with total mental clarity or with all his senses working at full capacity. He woke disoriented and mumbling. Usually his brain, running at only fifteen percent, would fill in the gaps in his understanding, supply the who, what, when, where and why, so it was no wonder that he did what he did when he woke up.
“Cap, I didn’t want to wake you but saw the light was on, I—” Dugan skidded to a halt, the door closing behind him. He was holding several folders in his hands but his eyes were fixed on the scene in front of him. Tony in Steve’s arms.
“Not necessary.”
“You almost done, pet?” Sarah asked Benni who nodded. “Why don’t we have dessert in the living room, hm?” He nodded and she tousled his hair. She stood and brought his plate to the sink, putting a piece of her banana bread on a plate for them and heading out of the kitchen, Benni following happily behind her.
Steve kissed him again before answering. He pulled him even closer so they were pressed against each other. “I love seeing you like this,” Steve purred, his voice going deep, sliding his thumb across Tony’s plush bottom lip. “You just make sure you save some of that whipped cream, alright? I’d like to have some on my seconds as well.”
“Actual food,” Steve clarified.
“Good job. Where are you taking him?”
“Where you off’ta in this cold, boyo?” said the man in his Irish accent and then he pushed him farther away, getting a good look at him. “Aren’t you that laddie workin’ down at Stark’s deli?” Benni nodded his head quickly.
He stood, unbuttoning his waistcoat with the flick of a hand and then offering that hand to Tony. “May I?”
Steve should’ve thought about that but that was alright. He already had a plan for next time. But something about Tony’s statement caught his attention.
“Who are you?” Tony asked, despite his reluctance to acknowledge the other man’s presence.
+   +
He poured them both a cup and Steve took it, sniffing it and making a face but he drank it. When Tony drank his, he immediately spat it back out, looking shocked and Steve chuckled and then he laughed and then he had to put his cup down so he could lean back, his eyes barely open and hands across his chest, as he laughed so hard he cried.
James nodded the entire way through, giving very minor details of Russian activities, even less than Steve, but James could do that because he knew no one at that table would demand more from him.
Tony looked up in surprise, not sure if he heard correctly. “Oh, sorry,” he apologized automatically. “No, that’s correct.” It felt good to call Steve a very influential person. He was that but not in the way people thought.
“As it ought to be,” Pinky said passionately.
His first thought wasn’t
“Thanks, lad. I appreciate hearin’ that. Especially comin’ from you.” He glanced up at him and gave him a soft smile.
“I know the feeling. James has a place in France. Said he wanted to go next spring.” He felt his hand tighten around Tony’s when he said James’ name, feeling a pain in his chest. “Where were you and Steve going?”
“Welcome,” Tony greeted her, poking his eggs. With Sarah there he needed to eat, not wanting to worry her when there was nothing to worry about. He could feel himself closing up again like he did yesterday after what happened. And then there was Steve's question. When he finished his eggs he watched Steve get his seconds and looked him up and down. No. Not a brother.
“Why else would you want to know this?” Tony asked, drying the working spaces as he spoke. “No, I don’t. Why?”
No one used that knife but James. The most anyone else got to touch that knife was either when it was stuck in their body or Dmitri was taking it to clean it off afterwards.
“Yes.” Benni nodded and Tony agreed, already trying to figure out what he could do together with his brother on a day like that.
“I know that. I hurt my leg, not my head,” Clint told her matter-of-factly, very softly flicking her ear. “It’s been you and me since 1934, kid—”
Steve stared into his eyes, trying to understand why he wanted to see him. He didn’t seem ready in Steve’s opinion but perhaps he was. He was just so worried about doing more damage and also what would Tony think when he saw him, knowing he’d been tortured and more than likely figuring out that James and Steve had been the torturers?
James was on a chair beside the couch, close enough that he could hold onto a few of Clint’s fingers while they ate, trying desperately to stay awake as he filled himself with delicious food, in a warm room, and drank his tea. It was harder than he thought and after a minute his fork clattered onto the floor when he dozed momentarily.
The thought of never seeing Steve again hurt more than any of his bruises or cracked ribs or whatever else they had done to him. It was making it impossible for Tony to breathe and he hated himself for it.
you a favor, James, no one else has the skill set for an extraction like that. I mean, Dugan never so much as heard a struggle. It was quiet, quick, and incredibly well-coordinated. All things Fisk is certainly not.”
Steve glanced up at the clock. “Should be coming out of surgery. His leg was in worse shape than we thought but he should be fine. James is with him.”
” he argued gently. “There will be plenty of me once you’ve healed up. Believe me. A
“I have no interest in wasting too much time with him.” Tony answered honestly.
When he caught those brown eyes, he didn’t care how much work he’d been doing. He didn’t care how tired he was or how his muscles ached. Those eyes and the person attached to them being safe and sound—Benni as well—made it all worth it.
Tony had to honestly go through what he was feeling. The pain was nothing he couldn’t handle, even though he was sure his left arm was broken by the way it was bandaged. It would heal. When she mentioned food, he hummed.
“It is. And this is just the office. It’s a well-known safe space for people like us. You go out front and you’ll quickly pick up on that. Though I would advise against doing that. You’re more easily recognized than I am.”
“Jesus,” Clint swore, gently touching the skin around his eye that felt like it was on fire. He ripped a piece of his shirt off and dipped it in his water, dabbing it on his eye for some relief from the stinging.
“Did you know about the kidnappings?”
“Like in the movies? Where they kiss in the end?” He tilted his head and Tony nodded. “Why?” The innocence in that question was the most beautiful thing he could have imagined.
Tony stretched and cracked his back and shoulders when he got out of the car. It had been his first long car ride and even though he enjoyed it, he wasn’t one to sit still in the same spot unless he was sleeping. Even then he would move around quite a bit unlike Steve who barely moved when he slept.
the talk now? Isn’t that
Tony, who had woken up a couple of minutes before the other man, was staring at him. He was in poor condition like himself but who knew whether that was real or not.
Steve and they had taken Tony
His little brother caught his attention and he brought him back upstairs to their apartment, taking a few snacks for Peter with him. Tony also used the chance to check his looks in the mirror, which he regretted deeply. He quickly combed through his hair and tried to fix it, rolling up the other sleeve as well and getting a clean apron.
James held out his hand and Clint took it, holding on tightly, and they headed out of his office. There was a quiet gasp from behind them and James considered not stopping but Clint did, turning around to see Fitz standing there, wide-eyed and mouth open. His eyes were focused on their intertwined fingers and then they slowly made their way up to Clint’s face.
Two hours later, when OFI was done with the scene and with questioning Steve and Bucky—in case they’d noticed anyone odd at the time of the fire (it was not uncommon for arsonists to want to see the fruits of their labor and even take pictures)—they got into the chief’s car, which they’d borrowed, and made their way back to the firehouse.
“Not hard at all,” he answered softly, pressing closer to Steve. And maybe life wasn’t so bad after all and it had all been worth fighting for.
Tony served the food and waited for a verbal confirmation before he thought about how to say it. “When I told you my age you were surprised. Do you think that it’s wrong that I’m in love with Steve? Do you think I shouldn’t be with him?”
Now he was still coming down from the anxiety spike, feeling tired and achy. His eyes burned every time he blinked but at the moment, sleep was not a welcome alternative to being awake. His appetite came and went but at least he seemed to be gaining his weight back.
him to?
Steve reached out and patted Benni’s head gently. “Hey, lad, I’m alright though, just a little hurt.” Benni’s face was sad and Steve hated that Benni had to see two people he loved in a hospital in less than one year.
“I don’t understand. Your accounts are all safe and there’s no need to keep this little money every week?” With everything everyone was still paying, the accounts were good.
The fact that Steve even remembered that and Tony had to think about what he could mean made him chuckle. That felt like it was ages ago. “No, it’s just something I worked out for Nella and Benni when they refused to sleep. Though with them it never took as long as with you.” As he spoke he lowered his voice and shifted to move his fingertips with feather light touches over the back of Steve’s neck.
Tony had thought he was going to die, that Steve wasn’t coming for him.
James watched his face closely and then said, “Come here,” pulling Clint up onto the bed and resting him between his legs, wrapping his arms around him. Clint covered his face, willing himself not to cry as he inhaled sharply through his nose. “It’s okay. I got you. Want your pain meds?” Clint nodded and James reached into the side table and grabbed them along with the glass of water he had brought up.
He didn’t even know how to end that sentence. He knew James would be more understanding than anyone else. He
“So, handsome man, what had you glaring French daggers through the phone?” Clint wondered, James’ hands falling away from Clint’s wrists to rest on his thighs. Clint’s hands moved to James’ shoulders, massaging lightly and James closed his eyes, instantly relaxed under those strong hands.
Steve thanked him and took it, turning it around to read. “This is perfect,” he said, motioning for Tony to follow him.
“It’s fine. He shouldn’t be alone. None of Steve’s men will be there either. Everyone’s—” he cut himself off, clearing his throat. “I’ll be back.” He left the room without giving either of them the time to respond to him. He would wait for Benni to be done with school at Steve’s and bring him here and then he would check in from time to time but it still hurt to see Steve and even more now that he suspected Steve and Tony were together.
“Not at all, pet.” She moved her hand and combed through his hair. “How do ya feel?”
“Rhodey? As in, James Rhodes?”
Steve let out a soft laugh. “Sounds about right.”
“Leave her where?”
He came back over to the bed but stood on Tony’s side, turning on the light. He opened the small, red box and pulled out the silver chain, dangling it in front of Tony. He wasn’t even sure how to give them to him. He should’ve thought this through better. How did Clint give them to James without it seeming like an overly arrogant thing to do? He pushed Clint and James out of his mind. This was about himself and Tony.
“Forming new habits takes time. All I needed to know for now is if he’s safe or not and if he’s going to handle it. Why it happened and how he can prevent it from happening again is not as important and can be figured out another time. He’s alive and he’ll heal. That’s all the information I need.”
Strike three, Howard. You're out.
Tony looked at his wrist where there should be a watch and he pretended to be thinking about something. “Sure, but make it quick. I have a busy evening ahead.” He tried to say it seriously but one look at Steve and he had to smile. Something about Tony changed when he was with Steve. There was a side to him he didn’t know existed but that Steve brought out. He felt lighter and warmer than ever before.
“Right,” Dugan said, remembering the conversation. He turned to Steve and said something under his breath in Gaelic. Steve nodded but it was a tight movement, anger making his body tense. His eyes were on Tony only but he gestured for them to bring the food over as usual.
Tony nodded. He was more of a listener than someone who asked questions or shared without being asked. Usually he spoke to Benni, who had a lot of stories to tell about the things he experienced every day. Sarah and he enjoyed companionable silence. Every now and then she would tell a story or sing a song. It was very peaceful. With Steve it was always different. Sometimes they read to each other from their books, sometimes Steve sketched while Tony watched him. Sometimes they talked about a movie, a song, or things they wanted to do.
Secretly Tony was relieved Steve didn't ask him to be there when he told Sarah. All he wanted was to curl up on Steve and kiss him and maybe more.
Clint nodded again, closing his eyes and letting the reality of the situation hit him. He was safe, Tony was safe; they were back with James and Steve. Those men were dead and he—
” Tony said with confidence he wasn’t used to, biting the inside of his cheek. “What I’d like and what is possible are two different things,” he said, now more somber, his words carrying more weight than he intended. What he wanted to do was be closer to Steve, run his hands over his body, tell him how he felt. What he could do was sit next to him, talk to him and be his friend. Which was also nice but not quite what Tony would prefer, if he was completely honest. “It would be nice though. Spending time after dinner, after talking with
“This all?”
Tony was half asleep despite keeping his eyes open. If they gave him a few more minutes he would be able to fall asleep without even closing his eyes.
A/N: okay y’all, I know lip-reading isn’t one hundred percent accurate and a lot of it is also guesswork in conjunction with context but for the sake of the story, Clint reads lips pretty damn well.
“Sleep last I checked. And your brother?”
“But—but where’s your candelabra? And your yamaka?” he asked, squinting as he spoke because he was about sixty-percent sure those weren’t the right words.
“He is,” Clint agreed. “You’ll make sure he gets to hang out with Lucky a lot while we’re gone?” Natalia nodded. “Okay, good. I think Lucky misses him too.” Clint nudged the sleeping dog gently with his foot. Lucky huffed and curled up tighter into a ball but didn’t wake.
– that as Steve places his head on Tony’s chest, tracing the edges of the Reactor with gentle fingertips, that he can hear Tony’s heart fluttering in his ribs. “We got this, Steve.”
face pinched into a pained expression, pale and sickly, followed close by
hopeless, even then, Tony cannot stay still. It does against his very nature to still his hands and his racing thoughts, to accept defeat simply because he’s tired, because after so many years, it has been carved into him the idea that he can’t
Tony shakes his head. “I had to talk to her.”
“Pepper and I won’t—” He tries to say, and as soon as he does, he knows he won’t be able to get the words out. He has to stop, breathe, and try again, with different words, in a way that won’t make him choke. “We decided to break it off. For real, this time.”
Steve laughs. “No, I can’t, Mr. Stark.”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“Really?” Natasha smirks. “Raw fish? You sure that’s gonna go well?”
“Wanda.” Clint takes advantage of the pause Steve makes before responding to interrupt, leaning to the side of the chair so he can see Wanda more clearly past Vision, who is blocking is sight. “You alright?”
they will always think differently about how they should act and what should they choose, and Steve should be
It’s not unusual, for people to be in awe of Thor.
“You know, I—” Tony shrugs, full of fake nonchalance. “Postponing the wedding would be easier than… Than – cancelling it.”
Just like that, something in Tony’s world
That woman up there, staring at him, pale as a freaking ghost—
Pepper looks at him like she’s confused. “Sorry about what?”
you!”
Steve drops his head, shy, angry, resigned, tired, relieved, all at once. It’s no use. A mess of emotions stirring inside, confusing and terrifying feelings he can’t contain, a hurricane he chooses to ignore in favor of focusing on the
Tony knows he’s right on this. He has to be. “He won’t part with that thing so easily. Wherever he is, that’s where the Stones will be.”
High in the air and inside a heavy-duty aircraft, they can’t hear any sound coming from the direction of the rapidly approaching destination, but they don’t
it all had been—
” Steve’s eyes are so wide and he is breathless, and it’s honestly worth every penny to see him look like that,
But he will be damned if he doesn’t want,
With his hands trapped by steel bars, in an
(It’s not worth it.)
all the horrible things the media says about her, but this is not only about that, but about her feelings for her teammate. How can- How can Steve tell her this is not right, when he doesn’t know where Wanda and Vision stand? He can’t say she’s wrong because he doesn’t want to interfere in their relationship.
And ‘count on’ is a very, very frail concept, because what exactly does that mean, when they were the ones that so quickly turned their backs against him when he tried to show them they were doing something
(Oh.)
Crap.
by something invisible, that comes out of the dark like a monster in the closed and grabs you by the throat when you least expect. “I know it’s not the best thing – in fact, it might be the worst thing about this entire mess, but we
(She can’t.)
, so disturbingly similar to his
, Thor.” Tony interrupts, pained, the mere mention of
He laughs, a wry sound, no amusement or joy in it; meek and miserable, like all the rest of him, all the rest of them, curling in agony around itself, like it’s preparing to
So Tony
and he immediately looks down, at his chest, expecting to find it once again connected to a car battery, full of shrapnel and scars, bruised black and blue; But although there’s
to see him; And the nauseating feeling of reliving again, in less than three days, so many details about his captivity, about his
, and she got herself a – a
Some of them shake their heads, unconvinced, annoyed,
under his breath, putting his hands inside his pockets in a uncharacteristically bashful manner, almost
gonna make me say it?”
“Thanos was expecting to have the Time and Mind Stones already when he got to Titan – that’s what he sent his minions for.” He proceed, with all the familiarity of a businessman, a no-nonsense, no leeway speech that now comes almost as second nature to him, forged on decades of performance and need to make himself taller among giants. He hates using it, but he’ll do it, if he
Dear God, that’s not true.
, he thinks to himself, with a strange amusement, maybe verging a little on mania.
to be put in check, because – Because people were getting angry at us, not just governments,
Yes! You’re not a—”
Well… He’s figured it out now.
Vision gives him the closest thing to a frown he can manage. “You seem concerned, Captain.”
Still, they are friendly. If they walk past each other they wave and smile, and if they have to fight or train together, they do it very well. Funny enough, when there are other people there to kind of buffer their interactions, nothing ever goes wrong. Both Tony and Steve hang out with Natasha a lot – Tony with far more flirting involved it seems –, if they meet, nothing weird happens. No accidents, no unfortunate bruising. When Jan and Loki and Sam or even
“Okay.” Pepper says a little breathless, and then frowns, her gaze focused and thoughtful. “Then what do we do from here?”
Tony? I think me and Thor have the right to know.”
“Information is never lost.” Tony argues, shaking his head, eyes burning holes into Wong in their intensity. “That is a principle of physics. It can be scattered, but not
“Okay, this is too much. Time out.” Tony begs, making a stop motion with his hands. “We’re not getting anywhere with this.”
She doesn’t say a word.
“It’s distress.” Bruce says. “It’s – It’s not a
from the inside out—
“Then why are you asking?”
Upstairs, where Barton is. Where Natasha, Nebula, Rocket, Bruce, and Thor are. Where the dangerous idea Tony planted might be taking seed, where his workshop is, where FRIDAY can pull up schematics and they can discuss it. Away from Pepper.
what is
streets.”
“Tony.” Rhodey says kindly. “She has a point.”
Tony wants to scream, mind going a hundred miles an hour, hysterical.
“Do you know the reason for the kill, Mr. Jarvis?” he asks, too innocently.
Maybe it is really hard on them. Steve might be the leader, but he is the leader not because of some formal arrangement, but because they all allowed him to be so. All of them, including Tony. Tony, who said he didn’t work well in a team, had given Steve the chance to call the shots and he had never went back on his word. But he had been the first to know, hadn’t he? About the Avengers. And he was the one helping fund their initiative, designing them gadgets, helping in building them a new home. Steve might be their leader, but Tony is their
” Tony interrupts, raising his hands in a halting position to physically force the argument to a stop. “Hold on. Okay? Okay.
“Then why would you have a phone with Steve’s number on it?”
them, but it’s hard, and when he makes the mistake of looking away from the room towards the glass wall to his left, to stare up at the dark, ominous sky, he feels the heavy weight of a gaze following his movements, like the aim of a rifle, but far too close, too personal, too much.
“Didn’t your mother never tell you not to touch other people’s things?” a voice says behind him where he’s typing a set of codes he gathered from Mr. Stark’s notes, breaking through another security device implemented to SHIELD’s digital archives.
“You wanna talk to me about
, but not in a – in an
He can stay, Tony told him. So can Barton, and Natasha, and the others. They can stay.
Tony would have loved to meet her, but he always assumed he would never get the chance. At least Bruce got the chance, which is something. He’s glad she’s alive, from what he can gather. Even though, by their conversation, Tony assumes she has been missing, but on
Tony is so shaken he feels like he might start crying.
, won’t you. Ask her. Isn’t that why he’s here? Isn’t that why there won’t be a wedding after all, because he refuses to step away?
Really,
. Each of them has their own share of inexplicable, unrelenting guilt and they are
description,
But that gentleness has never had any place between them. Or the Avengers. Even in camaraderie, gentleness is not something that could survive within the team, apparently, like a flower dying of thirst easily as anything, even if managed to get past the seed at all. Softness doesn’t survive in battle, much less lingers long enough to be missed when it’s gone.
“So.” Rhodey exhales, shakily. “We have Ant-Man now.”
There is no one who can confirm this, but it fits. The timeline fits. Rocket’s eyes go wide with shock, glistening with something that looks way too much like tears, and a deep, unsettling discomfort settles between them, uneasiness so thick it's almost solid, a foreign presence sneaking in to taunt them from the cracks between the silence.
eyes sharp and filled with hesitation, holding their breaths like they’re waiting for something very bad to happen. Like they’re waiting for him to react very, very suddenly, and very badly. Rogers and Romanov, at the front, can’t turn back to face him – and yet, lingering at the periphery of his vision, there’s a tension to their shoulders, an unnatural stiffness to their posture, a cautiously attentive ear.
“So that’s… what? Give me a color.”
He wishes he had vanished too. Vanished like the Guardians. Strange.
NEW PATTERN ADDED>
her, and Tony
It comes out harsh. Almost unforgiving.
This is
Steve stares her down, but she doesn’t back down, as he knew she would, so all he can do is bring himself to his full height and ask, in a very dry tone. “But it’ll be a problem?”
“Not just the Mind Stone.” Thor tells him. “Possibly the Time Stone too.”
And he’s not crazy to admit it out loud – but he thinks that if they turn this argument against him right here, right now, he won’t know what to do with himself.
people into giving some aid to the cause, whatever the cause may be, because some humility is good for the soul.
“Steve has never danced ballet in his life.” Natasha mocks.
in a way not many things can. Only the Accords. Only the Civil War.
Something grips Steve’s heart in such a painful way he fears he might collapse at any second. He can feel his blood turning into lava, his heart rate picking up speed, spiraling out of control. He wants to argue back. It almost physically pains him to keep quiet, because this can’t be happening, she can’t really believe what she’s saying.
was the Secretary of State, which means he was the one we had to go through to get to the UN.”
, as if he’s only using this word for Steve’s sake. “Why didn’t you stop Mr. Lang from leaving?”
what he has done, the Avengers need their engineer.
” Steve chuckles.
, would he call?
“They were in a really rough spot, it seems.” Steve says, and they all look at him at the same time, and he’s back to feeling extremely uncomfortable again. He shrugs stiffly. “I didn’t ask.”
that there might be a chance when Tony had been so close to deciding to
“Vision was never afraid of me.” Wanda whispers, leaving the knife on top of the board, holding herself on the counter to keep herself grounded. “I didn’t want to give him a reason to be.”
“I am helping in the way I can. Out there, with the agents. Damage control. That’s what I can do. That is my life. Yours… works differently. You’re an Avenger.” Pepper says, as if it’s praiseworthy, she says, as if it’s such a great thing – and Tony hates it. In this moment, he hates it. “I don’t know how to be that.”
But he’ll do it.
, he thinks he hears someone say.
“This is not about the Accords.”
(Get up.)
(It is.)
The guy has an ant named Anthony.
Rogers moves closer, restlessness clear in his posture. “What about the others?”
They have to put the Quinjet on the ground, because there’s nowhere else that’s safe enough. It’s terribly difficult, to find a free space large enough for the size of the jet, between the abandoned cars, the pieces of concrete that seem to have been catapulted from the explosion into the streets and buildings nearby,
changes.
Because
“And you think
The Arc Reactor is long gone but he can’t breathe, the air is not reaching his chest, and he heaves and gasps helplessly as all rational thought leaves him and all he is left with is a piercing, heart-wrenching cry of relief.
and awkward and so incredibly
Steve immediately feels his rising rage recede, a cold feeling of sorrow and sadness settling in his chest, the idea of Wanda being scared triggering a very base reaction inside him, the deep-seated instinct to protect those he considers to be his friends.
rotting away, forgotten, left behind by whoever was with him when Thanos’ final blow hit.
Steve wasn’t wrong. Tony does like to make jokes and quips about people but in the end, he does offer help if Steve asks him calmly, because then it will come off as friendly, and not as an order. Tony almost impulsively rejects orders, just to be contrary and annoying. That’s how he pushes people away.
Natasha furrows her brows, completely baffled, laying down the newspaper to focus her entire attention on him. “How did you get any information on it before me?”
Bucky, fighting the son of the people he had been forced to kill—
Ultron had always spoken in such a
Some of them flinch. Thor, Natasha, Bruce. Some of them just stare. Nebula and Rocket look away, and Agents Carter and Ross breathe in deep, cautious, chiding and pity in their eyes mixing so seamlessly they’re almost indistinguishable from one another.
She was everything Tony liked to have around, but he shouldn’t, but Tony had never been really good at keeping danger at a safe distance.
Steve loves the campus.
making so very clear that they wouldn’t come without
And Bruce is right. They do. They do have the right to know. Tony asked them questions about what happened in the past three years, and it’s not fair of him to assume they wouldn’t ask about him. Or maybe not unfair, but
“I was going to say ‘less murderous’, but sure, let’s go with that.” Sam huff out a laugh, throwing Steve a playful look, and Steve allows himself a weak chuckle, shaking his head in mocking disbelief.
ready for it. Why?
(Had they destroyed them, instead of using them—)
He shouldn’t have accused her of lying.
“Alright.” Tony agrees in a heavy exhale. “You get Wong, we’ll get this going on our side.”
with it, sort of – what other option do they have?
he could feel the drive and the almost carefree confidence Agent Ross seems to have in spades.
“In the
“I tried to stop it.” Tony replies mutedly, helplessly, as an apology, as an explanation, and as a plea, because he really can’t say anything else about it.
“There is no guarantee that’ll work well, Scott.” Steve reminds him. “They might put you back in the Raft.”
He breathes deeply to keep himself controlled, and he knows he must look like an angry bull ready to attack, his chest pushed out in defiance, his expression hard. But Shuri is not intimidated. She is a princess. She is used to not being questioned.
(Oh God.)
So Tony pulls, and Steve goes.
“I’m sayin’ we should have a
“What about the buildings?” Bruce asks, from where he’s standing near the jet, from the point with most visibility from the ground, away from the smoke. “There might be people trapped in them!”
It started somewhere around his fight with Natasha. Hell, it might’ve started even earlier than that and he didn’t realize, because he was so angry and so on edge it simply hadn’t occurred to him—
on Earth alone, who knows how many others out there? It should have been impossible. This – this kind of tragedy shouldn’t even be able to exist. In comparison, a way out, a way to fix this—
Sometimes, like now, Sam sits with him in the silence, messing around with whatever he can get his hands on, a pen or an ashtray, or the piles of info they gather as they go in undercover missions, aiding in minor conflicts in every country they lay a foot on. They have quite a few of those, too.
“Me?” Bruce raises his eyebrows.
Thor looks
it. And they took advantage of it!”
is that?
“They’re gonna break through!” Tony warns, face twisting in distress. “I’m gonna douse them with a fire extinguisher.”
That doesn’t make any sense. It doesn’t make any fucking sense.
before his greatest enemy.
Accountability means being held responsible for one’s mistakes. Steve is aware of the definition. But it also means doing whatever is possible, in the most honest way possible, to help those who had been hurt by that mistake.
To think Bucky would feel better just by telling him so would be the same thing as expecting Tony Stark to back down just because Steve bared his teeth. He should’ve known better. He should’ve known he was being
But others do, of course. Eventually, they get kicked out of the Archives by Bobbi, because she wants to use the computer to watch dog videos and they’re bothering her.
After Bucky pulled him out of the Potomac, Steve didn’t see him anymore. But he looked for him – oh,
Natasha stares back.
(And you just don’t care.)
And the guilt of thinking he has done something terrible to Steve. As if it’s his fault that Steve is here, a fugitive, as if he had no other choice. That’s not true. Steve
“It is as I thought, the serum that I took from Stark and put into him was meant to create a ‘supreme mother’ as it is called in my books, but I believe you humans use the term ‘breeding bitch’. Given the serum was in a normal human it would have simply changed the body to accommodate the new need for bearing children, but in captain Rogers’ case the serum already in his veins is fighting the new serum and keeping his body male. The serum continues to urge the body for change and in doing so it has caused a collision of inner energies. The only way to reverse the effect at this moment is to give the serum what it wants so it can carry out what it was designed to do.”
“What?” Steve sniffled and reached a hand to rub the place here his wings would normally rest against his back.
Steve hadn’t left the gym in 8 hours.
“Steve, you need to change out of those pj pants, go put on those jeans that make your ass look so good.” Steve flushed and nodded as he got up and made his way to their room to change. “leave the harness and shirt off, I have something for you.”
He had originally strayed far from crossing paths with the other occupants of the tower, keeping to his rooms and practicing his magic, but one night Thor came in and all but carried him to the common floor so he could join in on the festivities that Midgardians called ‘Game Night’.
“firstly,I am not your Brother. And no, it was not my hand that changed them. I am the one that tried to reverse the effects those puny mortals did.” Loki didn’t look angry like his tone suggested, rather he looked...annoyed by the problems caused. “Because they had no knowledge of magics of any kind they made it impossible to reverse the effects fully, I was however able to cure Stark of his ailment by transferring it to the Captain. Due to the nature of it though I don’t know everything I would like to know about how it will act and if it will have any lasting effects on either of you.”
"Iron man, I need air support!" Cap barked through the comms.
“Strip” it was not a question but an order.
“Can’t control them, can you?” Tony asked with a grin on his face.
When Steve came back to himself, he first felt the warmth and ache in his ass and then he noticed the taste of blood in his mouth, he reflexively licked at the salty, iron, taste but that caused a groan to come from under him and his brain connected what just happened. He tried to pull away but was kept there by not only his knot in Tony’s ass but the weight of Bucky on his back, he looked down in horror at the bite mark on Tony’s neck. Tony could tell what was going through Steve’s head and he was determined to stop him from beating himself up about it.
“Very.”
"Master Rogers is on his floor. I do not believe him to be leaving his level any time today or for the foreseeable future." Alarms went off in Tony's brain. Steve never skipped his runs or working out in the gym.
Steve wanted to look around so he tried to fly and was happy to report that he still had wings. He hovered above Tony for a little and caught a glimpse of himself. His... naked self, ok, first objective find something to wear. Luckily Tony had left the door cracked so he could go out into the bigger room. He flew over to the kitchen and He saw the paper towels. those could work. 5 minutes later he still couldn’t get the towel off the roll. Tony said that he would get some doll clothes yesterday, maybe they were here. He flew back into the bedroom to wake the sleeping inventor.
“Is this ok?” Steve asked. It took a minute for Tony’s brain to catch up with what he was saying.
“Loki, I have bargained with father and he has agreed to allow you to stay here on Midguard for the duration of your punishment, you are to stay under supervision at all times and you are not to use your magic with any malicious intent,” Thor produced a small glowing bottle from a pouch tied to his armor and handed it to Loki. “This will keep you from using your magic in that way until father deems your punishment concluded, if you do not take the potion, then he will hunt you down and place you back in the dungeons.” Loki looked at the bottle critically for a moment, Green mist swirled around it before he quickly downed the solution and recapped the bottle handing it to Thor.
“No, that child
“You have to massage it to get the oil, and then spread the oil over the feathers one at a time. If one is out of place  try to fix it, if not tell me and I’ll pull it, that really hurts so try to fix it as much as you can.”
Steve glued herself to Nat and Pepper’s sides as the browsed the shelves of lingerie. They moved to the shelves of some more safe looking bras and Steve began helping tell the girls what she liked and what she didn’t like. Once they had picked out a few that Steve felt ok with Natasha and Pepper followed her into the changing room. They had one of every size bra that Steve picked out and they got to work fitting her.
“what did you do to Thor” Steve gritted out.
Tony and Bucky stood there for a while as Tony watched over Bucky’s shoulder as Loki fluttered around Steve’s bedside and Bruce did some tests. Every now and then Loki would pop out of reality and return with some odd plant or animal carcass looking thing which he added to the crystal bowl that he conjured along with about 40 books that were covered with strange symbols instead of words.
i hope you enjoyed. please tell me what you think in the comments.
“Captain, what is it you require of me.” Thor’s voice was booming like it always was but he made an effort to keep his volume down. Steve let a smile spread across his face.
“Yes.”
30 minutes and an ice pack later, (Bruce got thwacked in the face with his wing while wrestling it into the harness) Steve was set, now all he needed was a shirt and they would be on their way.
Steve started to hyperventilate, he felt like when he would have an asthma attack and couldn’t get his wind back.
“yes, welcome home Buck.”
sorry for the short chapter but this chapter should give some background to the next chapter(s) that will be set in the past and show the extent of Steve and Bucky's relationship before and during the war.
"What?"
He hobbled over to the blanket pulling it around his shoulders and laid down, trying to imagine he wasn’t here in this cold cell alone, He was in bed with Steve and Bucky and the blanket wasn’t a blanket it was their wings, wrapped protectively around him as he slept peacefully between the two of them.
Tony has never done this, even in his playboy years that were filled to the brim with drugs and sex, he never has felt so dominant and submissive at the same time. Rogers is behind him, filling, taking him, and Steven is under him, nearly bent in half and sobbing with pleasure as Tony pushes into his body over and over again. He is conflicted because it is him drawing those noises out of Steven but, Rogers is setting the pace and rhythm, his thrusts move all of them and his cock is deep in Tony’s ass.
A few moments later Loki let out a small gasp, he lowered his hands to touch where they had been hovering for a few moments longer than anywhere else on Steve’s body. Steve’s hands reflexively clenched in the soft fur, worrying it between his fingers. he made eye contact with the god, frantically searching his face for anything that might tell him what is was. Loki’s eyes softened and he rubbed circles into Steve’s abdomen.
“What is this to you!” Steve threw his hands up, gesturing to the entire world, “Is this all just a fucking game? Tony is down there dying and you think it's ‘interesting’? I knew that you were messed up, but this is a whole new level even for you.”
“Ok, let's see what we got.” Tony got a box cutter out and opened the box as Steve watched from atop an overturned beaker that was sitting in the organized clutter. He pulled out a little white shirt and held it up to Steve. Steve gestured to his wings and Tony puts the shirt down. He then pulls out a pair of tiny pants and handed them to Steve who gratefully pulled them on.
“Explain.”
“And now I am glad to introduce: The Avengers!” an overly cheery host introduced them as they walked onto the raised platform with chairs for them to sit on and talk. The studio audience was going crazy as first Tony, and then Steve stepped out of the side stage and into the view, followed closely by Nat and Clint.
“Yeah, yeah. I'll take a nap later, I still have to finish this, then I'm going to work on designing the new arm I'm making for Steve’s friend.” Bruce huffed out a breath and rubbed at his temples.
Despite his first impression of them, living with the Avengers was rather satisfying for Loki.
“I have a project to do so I am going down to my workshop,” Bucky hesitated for a second, he didn’t understand why Tony was telling him this, did he want space? For Bucky to let him work alone? Bucky didn’t think he could do that. For some reason he felt pulled to Tony, he was safe and nice and didn’t yell. Tony smiled at the indecisive look on Bucky’s face and threw the poor guy a bone “I'm going to need your help with this one,” the turned and left Bucky but, he quickly followed after Tony like the good little duckling he was and he had a smile plastered on his face for the first time in decades.
“Ouch.” A groan left Tony as he pushed himself up on his elbows. He came face to face with Steve and laughed at the Stupid look in his face.
“Good, Thor go back to Banner and tell him we won't be needing the big guy, if he wants you can bring back something to put a sample in, when you get back though don’t engage. We need you on backup while we are on the inside.”
so what did you guys think? what should I do next? what do you want to happen? tell me below in the comments and leave kudos, Thanks!
As usual I love hearing from you guys, please comment and leave kudos, it makes me so happy.
“I am most intrigued and accept this challenge, the power of Mjolnir is much greater than this Midgardian metal.”
“Steve, we are going to be doing a lot more than see you naked, we have to fit you for clothes. Think of it this way, you’re not really naked with us because you are a girl right now, no need to be shy. We have all seen it before.” Pepper told Steve as she walked out of the closet with an alarmingly large stack of clothes that she set on the bed and then walked back over to take the sweatpants from Steve’s feet to put in the laundry shoot.
Bit of a long chapter but i wanted to really show the relationship between Tony and Bucky. i hope you enjoy!
“What ya thinkn’ bout?” Steve’s Brooklyn accent made Tony hot all over and GOD the things Steve could do to him.
A groan from his side brought Steve back to his attention. “Tony, did you actually go looking online and saved a page just so you could throw it in Clint's face the next time this came up?” Tony fidgeted in Bucky’s lap, but the man held him still while Steve shot his best ‘Captain America is disappointed in you’ glare at him.
Steve thought for a second thinking about being called she and her, he found that it didn’t bother him in his mind, and it would make it easier on everyone.
“Hey kid, how's the English paper coming along?” Peter rubbed the back of his neck with his hand and looked sheepishly at his shoes.
Bucky burst out of the bedroom in only his grey boxers and a knife in one hand and a gun in the other. Tony didn’t have time to question where he had gotten the weapons but it didn’t surprise him that Bucky had some stashed around.
“Umm,” Steve blushed thinking about what happens when his wings are groomed, and then turned even redder at the thought of Tony doing it. “...well, you need to be behind me.”
“We will contact Thor and get help for Tony, if you want to help him then you should go and calm down. You cannot help if you hulk out now, can you?”
“Sir, Captain Rogers is requesting your presence on his floor,” J.A.R.V.I.S’ voice pulled Tony out of his sleep, He curled up under the covers for a second before he rolled out of his bed and put on some clothes before he stumbled into the elevator relying on J.A.R.V.I.S to take him to Steve’s floor.
“Shh, yeah, it’s me. We are going to get you out of here now.” Tony curled into Steve, and Steve for the first time picked up on the sounds of a fight coming through his comm, that meant that at some point the team had gotten there and were now fighting their way through the rest of the base to find Tony and Steve.
"Well if you want I can help you with that."
When the rest of the droids were taken out Thor and hulk helped the team transport the cages onto the Shield craft to be taken care of in their labs.
“Jarvis, what's happening?”
He held the small, carefully wrapped package under his arm and he made his way back.
“Everyone is worried,” she sat next to him and took his book from him. She briefly glanced at it then put it on the table.
“Relax Steve, I’m not going to hurt you.” With Tony’s voice Steve slowly relaxed and hummed in contentment as Tony’s hand drifted closer, and closer to the base of his right wing.
“HA! Take that bird brain!” Tony had a shit-eating grin on his face and a mischievous glint in his eye that Loki had only seen reflected back at him before, Loki’s disdain for the mortal lessened when he saw this.
“Well, you were always saying my chest looked like tits and now i got some.” Steve chuckled at the joke but Bucky and Tony remained silent.
“A hot dog is not a sandwich, Limiting the hot dog's significance by saying it's a sandwich is like calling the Dalai Lama 'just a guy,' ”
don't bother me with requests for-
“yeah.” they both helped Tony out of the bed and (with Tony’s insistence) flew him up to their room. They curled together under the covers with Tony in the middle, a wing and an arm from both of his favorite people wrapped around him.
It turns out that Bucky had an 18-foot wingspan to Steve’s 20-foot, but Bruce says that is likely because Bucky is shorter and weighs less than Steve so his wings can work without being 20ft wide. They also find out that Bucky is more agile in the air than Steve who is more direct in his flying. This is contributed to the fact that Bucky had been in possession of his wings for likely much longer than Steve and has had time to train with them. Tony immediately notices the pull the arm has on Bucky and Bruce shows him the X-Ray took of his spine, it shows the arm is wired into his spine and is likely pulling his spine out of his back with the weight it has, it is surprising that he can still fly with it but Tony notes the large flight muscles pushing and pulling his wings while he hovers in place like Bruce asked, he decides then and there that he needs to get his ass in gear and finish the arm he has been messing with.
“No, no, I think I want to hear what you were like when you were 17.” Tony and Bucky shared the same mischievous smirk.
i can't sleep so you guys get an extra chapter. please tell me what you think!
“I’m ready and I need your help anyway.” Tony's eyebrows scrunched together in confusion.
Having the scans was one thing, but it did no justice to how...ethereal, Steve looked. The wings that he could once keep from dragging were now so long they were constantly touching the ground, there were feathers scattered everywhere. Steve looked nearly insane, but a week in solitary will do that to a man.
“Well, my chest is heavy,” Steve brought his hands up to cup his breasts through his shirt. There were twin groans next to him and he smiled but brought his hands back into his lap. “My pants are strangling my hips and it is weird having nothing between my legs. Other than that, the hair is long and gets everywhere,” he flicked his hair behind his shoulder and went back to speaking. “The wings are obviously different too; I've gotten so used to having them.”
After a slightly confusing spew of words that Steve made between hitched breaths, he inevitably cried himself to sleep in Bucky’s arms and Tony finally asked.
Which was exactly what was happening
“yep, it’s the new Stark Industry's summer collection. They will be coming to stores in a month if you would like your very own.” Tony was dripping with confidence, it made Steve feel a little bit better.
“Stevie-”
He shakes his head to dislodge to fuzzy thoughts and began patting himself down with the towel and then pulling on the clothes, the shorts are baggy on him, but the sweatshirt is soft and smells like it has been loved, it reminds him of Bucky’s old coat that he would drape for Steve when they were walking home together from wherever and Steve had started shaking. He stepped out of the bathroom with the towel on his head as he dried his hair. Tony was sitting on his large bed and working on a Stark tablet he looked up and smiled at Steven.
“I’m too tired to even think right now, can we go to bed?”
They got back in the car to get back to the Tower when it finally dawned on Steve to ask about how they paid for all the bags of clothes that they had bought. She wasn’t the only one to benefit from the shopping trip, Natasha had gotten a few new sets of lingerie at Victoria’s Secret and Pepper had bought a rather dangerous looking pair of heels that Steve thought looked more like a weapon that a shoe.
“Fine, squirt.” Tony relented, “But, stay behind me at all times.” Peter smiled like Tony had just given him the sun. he quickly pulled off his shirt to reveal the suit underneath it and pulled on the mask as he hopped around on one foot trying to get his left sneaker off. When he finished suiting up, he put his clothes down next to his bag and Tony was already interfacing with Jarvis through the H.U.D.
He really thought that.
The peeking, ugly thing over Tony’s shoulder comes up a little closer, a little more noticeable.
“So you know I can’t ask you to stop for me.”
“Yeah, I’m sure.” Tony scoffs. “But food is probably a big deal for him, isn’t it? Growing up poor, in the forties. He tried a taco when we were out and it seems like he likes them, so I thought maybe we could try some other kinds of food, get him settled into the current times.”
anything, it won’t help. Tony knows Rogers sent out a message, but did these people even see it, do they know this wasn’t…
“Thanks.” Tony rasps, walking a little closer but not sitting down anywhere, still holding his shoes, looking as out of place as an elephant in a rose field. Steve places the coffee pot back in the counter, close to Tony’s reach, next to a cute, yellow mug, with a tiny picture of a cat on it. It’s empty, and Tony really wishes it
“An argument that destroyed an airport and nearly benched the Avengers.” Rhodey says, as if he’s annoyed at Tony for omitting information, but what does he
for an important message and possible
“You got
(You haven’t.)
He doesn’t care what Tony says. Bucky deserved to be saved, nevermind he’s Steve’s best friend, nevermind Steve owed him that. Bucky was innocent. Nothing he did was his fault, he was being controlled, it was all HYDRA, it wasn’t his fault.
“Ten years.” He whispers under his breath, allowing himself to take a deep sigh of relief before falling back into the chair, realizing his feet had gone numb at some point since they all gathered in front of the TV.
Even if that makes Pepper worried sometimes. Many times.
T’Challa doesn’t seem surprised. There is not a single emotion crossing his face as he asks back:
Antonio does not know the last part of this hymn. He did not have time to learn.
“Your comms are Wakandan tech, right?” Tony asks, the proverbial lightbulb suddenly lighting up in his head. “T’Challa gave you those?”
And Tony wants to answer back with soft, hopeful words, wants to offer comfort and call her pet names, wants to feign normalcy because all else he can provide her is
unaware of how he may come across.
He is not the only one who has bad days.
the entire way to the door, even as he divides his focus into keeping himself aware of his surroundings, looking over his and Nebula’s shoulders every few seconds, trying his best to make sure his footsteps won’t make a sound. He takes it all in – the emptiness, the upturned waiting benches and the scattered items on the reception balcony, the dim lights down the hall to the right, the
than enough.” He smiles and points directly at Steve’s face, falsely intimidating. “I don’t need you to be scaring me like that again, I’m not cool with that. You do that shit again? I’ll the one to beat your ass.”
“Boring.” Tony rolls his eyes. “And your drawings are good. I like them. The ones on the exhibit, I mean. I like the monkey on a unicycle.”
, it’s safe, and that’s why Tony screams “
believe him, even if he
(After I assembled an entire fucking team to fight you.)
“What am I even supposed to do with him? We can’t just leave him here, with the rest of the furniture. It’s still… God, I do not like it, but it’s still important. To you.And to Howard, apparently.”
“I would appreciate having a place to rest before I can return home. If that’s alright, of course.” Thor kindly says, nodding at Stark.
Steve thinks,
It’s not his business.
to home. Though he knows essentially nothing about Rocket, or whatever the relationship between them might be, if it’s amicable or not – Tony had assumed they were teammates, too, that they both were part of Quill’s team, but hasn’t he just learned that his assumptions had been, at the very least, a little misguided? –, but if they weren’t friends
is, Tony descends into nearly full panic, eyes wide and heart hammering inside his bruised ribcage; But even when he tries to raise his hands and grasp the hands again, his body doesn’t even respond enough to make him drop the edges of the blanket between his numb fingers, and his movement is so awkward it actually makes him tilt, losing balance, and he doesn’t have the strength to push himself back into position again.
. Were you expecting he’d
“You didn’t have to do this.”
To reprimand, for failing to fulfill their promises.
“Steve. This is the kind of stuff you have to
It’s too much for her to hear the promises Tony can never keep. It's too much for him to keep fighting her on this and feeling bad every time he has to break a promise to do what he genuinely feels like It’s his duty – maybe even his
“And that’s it? You say they’re wrong and that’s all there is to it? We should all just accept it?”
just enough to fill the firmness of his pecs, and it’s shamefully indulgent but he will go with
He’s alive—
, he doesn’t
Tony has all sorts of problems buried beneath a façade he maintained for years, a special sort of self-defense that's very hard to break down. He has a good heart, but his mind is a daunting place. He is really, really good at twisting his own thoughts into dangerous directions - and to my despair, he is even harder to understand than Steve, because I hold him far too close to my own heart. I hope you can bear with me on this. My descent into Tony's mindset is going to be very difficult, and I suspect it's going to take a toll on both me and you, because to make it work, I'll have to pick apart every single one of his relationships, one by one, piece by piece.
just because they’re afraid that
How ironic that
“No.” Tony says, touching his bandages gently. “Feels uncomfortable, but it doesn’t hurt.”
not. I talked to her. Over and over again. It’s not easy for her to accept it, you know? The media talked about her as if she was a monster, and that got into her head. But she has been getting better, I promise, but she has to come to terms with it on her own.”
loaded, even when her reply is reasonable enough. “The medics who tended to you did. They screamed at you when you passed out, on the way to the operation. They called you Iron Man.”
, but it’s not the entire picture.
, between them. And if one is affected by being used by a host—”
Which he did.
(Look at us
“I thought I trusted him.” Steve confesses, and although he tries to explain, the words get stuck and refuse to be spoken, too big, too heavy to pass through his lips, to leave the encasing safety of Steve’s chest.
sleep schedules.
“Here they are!” Is the announcement that makes them all jolt on their seats, spoken in a shrill tone directly to a microphone, the rush of breath of the reporter causing an unpleasant sound that makes them all wince, before she continues:
More specifically, Bruce is hiding in Rocinha, which is the biggest favela in Brazil; and to the blessedly unaware, let me tell you what that means. If you've never been, as I'm sure none of the writers and producers of this movie had, it's very easy to miss one essential thing about them: it has its own set of rules. Like many other slums, those rules are not written, they are simply known, if you live in a place where they exist for long enough to learn them. Bruce is hiding in Rocinha for what seems to be a very long time, months at least, and trust me when I say this is more than enough time to understand that there are a few things you simply cannot do if you live inside a place like that. Much like any other place that is built on the necessity of the poor to have a place to call home, where survival meets ingenuity to show how exactly how far people are willing to go to create a community for themselves - people who live in these conditions don't take lightly to those who dare to trespass their borders. Especially, if those trespassers are armed.
“You want me to
“He was trying to stop Stark from stopping Steve.” Wanda points out, her brows furrowed in puzzlement.
(He can’t talk to her if he doesn’t—)
Tony turns from Rogers so quickly it almost feels like he
Tony’s pain and could easily see past it, and unthinkingly says:
, probably. He says it like he knows it’s bad, but it’s done, and now all he can do is admit it and hope it wouldn’t blow up in their faces.
, while Tony
, even if it hurts him right back. Maybe. Tony should be shocked at himself too, he thinks, but he’s not. He really isn’t feeling much at all beyond distress.
, enhanced by the serum in his veins.
joke, Steve can only laugh.
at me.
“Hey.” Steve smiles back, and doesn’t stop himself from reaching out and touching Tony’s forearm, the expensive fabric of his suit like silk to his touch. “Everything okay?”
In a matter of seconds, T’Challa’s face goes suspiciously blank.
“Do I?”
He used to take it in stride. Maybe. For a short while. Besides the incident with the scepter, Steve and Tony had worked well figuring out how to deal with the Chitauri, and Steve has to admit that when Tony told him to call the shots, a weird thrill of
And suddenly, the instinct to argue back and tell her this is Tony’s fault, not hers, rises inside him and engulfs him like a tidal wave, and there is a moment, a second where he freezes in time, where the world stops spinning, and he wonders if saying the words will actually make any difference. If it’ll only hurt them more, if he says it.
Tony couldn’t get it right with either of them. Either he’s suffocating and he needs to pull back, making himself useless if they’re in any real danger, or he steps back too soon and too far and hurts their feelings, pushes them too hard to prove themselves, drags them into danger unwillingly and unknowingly.
, makes his knees feel weak, and it completely muffles the memory that Rogers was supposed to be reaching out for survivors while Tony was out. He’ll see it later. He’s just –
(Locks can be replaced, but maybe they shouldn’t.)
“When did you make this?”
(Pete is gone.)
“Yes, but—”
“Yes.” Steve says, and it is as heavy as every other lie he is ever told, every single one of them that still taste like poison in his tongue as he swallows the truth back down. “Thank you for telling me, Vision.”
It’s been almost three weeks into his research when he gets a visitor.
“It’s good to see you, Vision.” Steve says cordially, because he doesn’t know how to carry this conversation on. Now that he’s here, his words are failing him. “It’s been a while.”
“There’s nothing going on with the team.” Tony reflexively says, and wants to slap himself for it, because that’s exactly the
Tony says yes.
(This conversation has to stop,
“Also Jane’s behavior.” Thor says, distractedly. “When she stumbled upon the Reality Stone, it lodged itself inside her; and when Malekith found us, she recognized him. She had no reason to, but she did. I think the Stone might have been responsible. It is possible the Stones remember their hosts.”
Steve used to go out to run in the mornings, but although he runs faster than everyone else, he never felt like he was catching up. He’d go to coffeeshops and diners, but he can’t keep a good conversation for long, because he’s lacking over fifty years of popular knowledge. He can go to the gym, but only a military sanctioned one, or else they don’t have the equipment that can withstand his strength.
“Sure it was. You should know, Rogers.”
He’d gone downstairs to talk to her, after he left the workshop. He couldn’t have done anything else. He had a strong, nearly unstoppable urge of seeing her, of hearing her, not through the phone, so he’d know that she was okay, and she’d know he was okay. He had needed her to know he was still here for her, even if they had… separated, in a way. But not really. It was not really a separation – Tony didn’t want it to be. And he didn’t think she wanted it to be either. He needed to remind her, and himself, maybe, that they were still okay, as
He hasn’t, truly. Logically. But logic seems to be failing him, as of late.
a breathy laugh, barely audible, escaping his lips as he shakes his head, and Tony is
The Avengers were needed, and they weren’t there.
This morning, Pepper decided she wants to fight. No – Not fight, it’s not a fight, but she wants to put on the suit and go out there with them, she wants to help, in whatever way she can. And Tony understood.
Rogers nods.
(It can’t, it can’t—)
Steve clicks his teeth together, feeling uncomfortable and adrift, like he’s
“I’m not judging.” Pepper kindly replies. “I just wanted to know. If we had to issue a statement or something…”
He learned his lesson with the Accords too.
The way she looks at him, the way her brow shifts just barely, just a hint of confusion and sympathetic concern crossing her features, Tony knows that whatever has just happened to him, it has also happened to her. Something in her perception of him has just changed, and it most likely changed forever. Seeing this – seeing Tony on the ground, panicking and helpless, seeing him weep for a strange kid in the middle of a destroyed New York – has made Nebula see more of him that he had ever planned her to see.
he wishes he could just run to Tony’s side like Rhodes and Natasha did, but the truth is that Steve can’t. He can’t.
(Isn’t that right, Cap?)
Even if it means danger.
And so, he doesn’t.
, be he is an engineer and he is fascinated with marvelous tech, whatever origin that tech might have –, but Tony is not trying to make Nebula into one of
at the first opportunity.
what she’s talking about. That jealousy, that feeling of desperately wanting to be enough, being mad for not being, and being even more so for even feeling bad about it. And Nebula has even more reasons to feel that way, definitely more than Tony, because it sounds like she and Gamora had a… understanding, of sorts. At the very least, a connection, as horrible as it might have been, forged in the necessity to survive Thanos.
“I don’t design my AIs to leave trails.” Tony tilts his head to the side, raising his eyebrows. “It doesn’t look good when people find out the guy who invaded the Pentagon was you. But even though they weren’t meant to leave trails they were also meant to store information in the most secure way possible, which means
please,
Tony almost asks her what the hell Thor has anything to do with this, when he suddenly remembers that Thor was supposed to go after the guy who
As soon as they take a step outside the room, they both raise their eyes and startle, looking around the room to confirm if they are all present. Wanda unconsciously steps closer to Vision, placing her hand on top of his, and Vision turns back to her and gives her a kind, small smile, and Wanda sighs in relief before letting him go.
He feels something odd in the air, a weird sensation of needles lightly touching his nape, the sensation of
Not like any of this will
“It’s a good skill to have.” Wanda says, a tiny smile on her face. “It reminds me of simpler times.”
He owes those people to make this right. They all owe it to them, to everyone, to every single person who is still alive; They owe it to them to make this right. As fast as possible, so no one else has to suffer.
“Dark energy.” Thor breathes out, just like Tony suspected he would, because if there’s
“Not on others.” Vision confesses, quietly. “But she has been practicing. She told me so herself.”
Maybe he has. Who knows?
He stops, and he
Steve knows he has. He can spend the next two months agonizing over it, going through possibilities and trying to work logic into every scenario, weighting risks and benefits, but it’s
“Yeah, so do I.” Tony childishly replies, but he doesn't care, because it’s true. “We can’t keep doing what we did today, spreading ourselves thin when we can go straight to the source of all these problems and reverse it.”
. How could he justify one being so similar to what he’d expected and one so different, when they both had to carry some part of the Stone within themselves? Vision, an even bigger part, and yet, carry none of the anger?
him, goddammit, how can he – He’s
Tony’s mind halts suddenly, his entire body giving a weird, aborted spasm mid-step, something that makes Nebula’s grasp on him get firm and secure once again, and it makes all kinds of alarms blare inside of Tony’s mind, loud and deafening and desperate, something instinctive and defensive and self-destructive all at once, something that makes Tony’s gut tighten so bad it almost makes him sick.
The image of a decaying planet.
an accident. Their intentions might be noble but they still hurt those who pay the price, they might be sacrificing themselves but they
“Young.” She says. “Just like Gamora.”
“I know.” Tony interrupts, softly. “And honey, I’m telling you it isn’t that. I promise. I know… I know what you’re worried about. And you have a point. You do. But that’s not it.”
T’Challa takes a breath, inclining his head towards Natasha’s direction, as if he’d been expecting this. When he speaks, his words are slow, considerate, and very carefully planned:
here that can follow along with this magic story, it has to be Thor.
People are our responsibility. People are our main concern,
The pain echoes in him in a paradoxical, nonsensical beat, aching fresh and bleeding, the wound tearing open anew just like every other time, like a gap between his ribs where a knife just keeps puncturing over and over again, relentless. Straight into his heart, vulnerable, past all skin, muscle, metal and bone. Nothing left there to protect him to the onslaught of hurt. But at the same time, it’s old, and weary, and scarred – and Tony feels
He tried
“The Norns see past, present, and future as one.” Thor says, cryptically. “And I fear I might have seen too much of the future, and didn’t realize until it was too late.”
She doesn’t say anything back, and Steve doesn’t know if she believes him or not.
Oh God.
(This one, he sees it coming.)
“Then what
(Too afraid to kick her out? I mean, look at her.)
. Oh, my God!”
“Hey, you guys are there too! He’s not the only one benefiting from that!”
Out, out, they need to get out of here.
Ross pauses, his silence dangerous. “You have something to say to me, Stark?”
, Steve wants to say, but he doesn’t. Because he can’t explain it. He doesn’t fully understand it. More than teamwork, he misses having them all here, he misses feeling at ease, he misses
He can say it was his duty.
make one with the Arc Reactor someday, he’s not sure he’s
(Stop.)
“He dropped it.” Bruce says. “He dropped it when he got into the spaceship. He’s
we put them both back in the same room. Imagine Tony, who will be more vulnerable than ever, face to face with a man who inspires so many conflicting emotions inside of him, after experiencing the most traumatic event of his life. It's going be a wild ride, folks. I can't wait to get started.
“Is that—”
then. Or as far as they can come close to it.
But it’s hard for Steve to believe Bucky will be safe anywhere that’s not by his side right now.
“We can’t risk it.” Tony argues forcefully. He gestures to her, his palms pressed together in a mocking gesture of prayer, but the begging tone in his voice is all real. “Please, you have to understand. This is not me risking my life for the hell of it. This time, there really is
“Do you agree?” Again, overly sterile, not a single hint of any emotion beneath.
, Vision? Did Tony send you? Can
– sniffs loudly and horribly, wipes his eyes with the back of this hand, blinking frantically in a vain attempt to ease the bloody look in his eyes, sliding off the table with so little grace that he lands on his trembling feet with a terrible, embarrassing movement. Damn it. God fucking damn it. “Hey, buddy. What are you doing here?”
fucked up, not just me,
Bruce’s mouth falls open. “You have books on
“What? They were
He had walked straight into a
Not this time.
“The only ones who survived.” Natasha nods, somberly.
So Tony trusts her, and taps his chest twice, his fingers pushing the case into his chest, and he feels a little jolt of electricity as the markers beneath his skin activate in a cascade of transmissions, like his neurons, and from his chest, the nanites cover his body in a wave, following the lines of his frame, and – Tony isn’t
He could lie all tell her it was that. But she will know it’s not true.
That’s not true.
Friendly dates? Hard to say, because he thinks Steve is… Well, maybe. Maybe Tony’s just reading too much into it. He wouldn’t dare to ask, but sometimes, he suspects.
He’s there, and he
does not imply that?”
are the rulers and the…
Tony has never wanted to be wrong more in his entire
, anyone they might’ve missed in their haste of the first-days search. They have Tony now. They have FRIDAY. Although sometimes it does feel like pulling teeth, they have been known, on occasion, for working better together.
“What did you expect?” Natasha sneers. “He watched his parents die with their murderer right there.”
Every single day.
Thor and Bruce get up from their seats stiffly behind her, swaying dizzily from the fast trip and the emotional toll of what is about to happen, the stress and fear that has built up inside them during every single waking hour since –
“And are you sure it’s a good idea leaving them alone?” Sam asks, taking a seat beside Natasha.
“Getting hurt to look pretty? No, thanks. I already look pretty all on my own.”
Tony can’t say anything to that.
about telling Tony.
“Iron Man, what do you see?” Roger’s voice comes up by his comm line, just as Pepper and Rhodey are gearing up and joining him up the sky, looking around carefully. Truth is, they can only see a blur of the plane from where they are, it’s a little too far away and too deep into the smoke, which means all he can see is the silhouette, the
“Distress alarm.” Tony replies, breathlessly. “We’re assembling.”
(Steve stops counting.)
. I don’t know, could be worth a check.”
He simply needs to
After that, he calls Scott.
That is the occupational hazard of his profession, he is aware of that – but he is also aware that people often don’t remember that fact. They don’t want destruction. They never do, no matter who it comes from, the heroes or the villains. The war they created between them, the war they brought with them to that airport in Leipzig – it wasn’t the German’s war. They had no right. They did it wrong.
It’s what I do, I’m a dick. Isn’t that the problem? We’re both
His hands squeeze Pepper’s waist, his thumbs sweeping soft caresses on her ribs through her shirt, feeling the way her chest expands and eases softly with her breath, the
“Basically anything, got it.” Tony concludes. “I can give you access to FRIDAY and you can start by inputting some essential research parameters and that should save us some time. She can run some diagnoses while we’re away, even if her equipment is a little damaged from the loss of the network.”
“Seriously?”
That’s why they avoid it. That’s why they don’t speak about Bucky, or Tony, or Bruce, because they all have complicated feelings, and bruised hearts, and so many regrets. Steve can’t even begin to imagine how it is for her, to have cared for Bruce – to have
(What were you thinking?)
Steve nods in agreement.
“It’s a way of teaching him image recognition. Create an archetype to relate to a word, then learn how the archetype can vary; then, whenever an image of the object shows up, by comparing it to the archetype characteristics and possible variations, identify what object it is.”
to do actual teamwork here!” Tony blurts out, exasperated.
It’s uncomfortable, to be under Nebulas sharp, unwavering gaze, as she unravels him with the same precision she used to unravel his nanite compartment, probably. He almost wants to ask her “
this actually means to him.
<search database= “Anthony Stark” / analog= “Tony” ref= “Maria Stark.speech” / analog= “Young Sir, Sir” ref= “Jarvis.speech” / designation= system core / SPEECH PATTERN IDENTIFIED>
(As it turns out.)
“We will connect you all to the comms of the Compound, so you can contact us faster.” Pepper continues, taking advantage of the lull in the discussion to shift her attention to Agent Carter, who is still standing with them. “FRIDAY can also help with the missions outside. If there’s any emergencies, all you need to do is let us know and we’ll come as soon as we can.”
“Shuri did.” Rogers says. “Said they never lose signal, no matter where they are.”
(He knew it would be Sam’s turn, eventually.)
in his heavy, sensitive lungs. Tony tries to take in a deep breath, unconsciously, his mouth falling open in terrified shock and agonized realization – and he chokes on
at first. He’s aware – he’s
“I said you never flirt back. But when it’s disastrous injuries you
that if Steve wasn’t sure this was him, he is sure
” Tony gasps, bracing himself against the table with a sudden lack of breath. “Wait – Why didn’t you
that this,
” Nebula growls, and Tony ignores her in favor of rubbing his hands together, fidgety and anxious, watching the doors raptly and counting in his head the number of floors as they pass them.
“Does that mean you can’t
Tony stares at the snarling crowd, considering the people shoved right at the front, the furious, rabid ones, and wonders how this could possibly work with people like them, who are so desperate to take this opportunity, the worst opportunity of all, to inflict pain in response to the loss they all just suffered. Raging enough to
(Of course.)
He knows this future. He used to have nightmares about it.
in the strangest of ways. “I’m waiting for it.”
Even if it’s not real. They’ll all take whatever piece of Tony Stark is left, because now it’s all they have.
He remembers despair and resignation, chest pains and short breaths, sleepless nights and recklessness. The burning of alcohol and loss. Of rotations, fire capacity, chemistry, and coconut and metal.
“Wanda destroyed the Mind Stone, but after Thanos got Time… We had already lost.” Bruce says, and it sounds like it hurts, like it physically pains him to say it – like the words drag like knives, “I saw it. She blew it to pieces, and all Thanos did was use the Time Stone and put it back together.”
“Mrs. Stark, please, this is… this is not healthy. It’s a computer program.”
“He was being controlled by HYDRA.” Steve yells, infuriated. “Tony
not just solid blocks of stone as he
“He messaged me.” She counters.
And then, he
to face him now - his absurdly blue eyes, his cheekbones, his lips - oh, Christ, Tony might still be a little bit in love with Steve Rogers.
, it sets Tony’s alarms off. What
“What happened?” Tony asks, nearly begging. “What changed?”
Most would like to believe HYDRA has been destroyed once and for all after the war, but Edwin Jarvis is no fool. He knows better than to feel relief when Johann Schmidt has gone missing and Arnim Zola might still be alive. The S.S.R had Arnim Zola confined years ago, but the S.S.R was replaced by SHIELD and so many things had changed since then. Zola had worked with SHIELD, apparently by choice, after Johann Fennhoff was stopped from destroying Mr. Stark’s life and both shared a cell for seven months in SHIELD’s headquarters.
(Get up.)
Tony has done this many, many times.
” She defends.
You said you would tell Tony because Barnes
What problem is that? Priorities.
?” Tony asks. “Why don’t you ask
Burning curiosity sparks like wildfire in Tony’s chest, but he contains it the best he can, settling for a very casual, “You sure? You think that would help?”
, a denial, and Tony embraces it and allows it to consume him whole, even as it brings a lump to his throat, as his breath cuts sharp when he breathes in and his eyes burn with strain.
had existed for a long, long time, is what he means. It had been an impulse. A tragic, mindless, quite embarrassing impulse, he’ll admit it. He just… he thought about Yinsen a lot, after he came back home from Afghanistan. Hard not to. He… The words had hit deep, Tony confesses, about how he had
of bad thing must be running through his brain, because if that’s not the cause of his distress, then what is?
target, and blasts it.
And it makes him feel terrible, it really does, because this is… This is the worst thing that could have happened. He can wish as much as he wants to that this didn’t happen, but it did, and now everything feels wrong. But more than anything, he regrets bringing Clint and Scott into this. Because of their families. Steve knows Clint understands the need to prioritize the mission, that he is a soldier, just like Steve, deep down in his chest, but Steve’s not
Natasha lowers her eyes, in deep thought. “They were all memories. Nothing else.”
Tony makes a dramatic, offended noise. “This is
The irony of it tastes like pennies on his tongue.
the horrid work SHIELD had done with their uniforms and let it slide, could they? Of course not. Avenging is serious business, and they need to have the right equipment – also, marketing is a thing now, since apparently Tony is going to be the one handling the PR and the accommodations and everything from now on, so he should probably pay more attention to it. He’s fine with it – so long as he can
God, how
than anything else, and if
<message log START / subject= “unidentified”>
(You knew that.)
As soon as he steps too close – which is not at all, for a normal person, but for people like Natasha and T’Challa, who are far more aware of their surroundings than the regular person, is more than enough -, they both stop talking and turn their head back at him, gazes sharp and unyielding, like predators zeroing on prey. Something dark passes through Natasha’s eyes, something distant, and although her face doesn’t change, Steve can see the armor she pulls around herself like a cocoon, blocking away every crevice and scar, leaving her completely invulnerable. She transforms into the Black Widow right before his eyes, as she’s never done before.
Natasha gives him a smile, a genuine smile, and she chuckles before turning her head back to the television and relaxing in her chair. Sam goes back to his breakfast, so Steve follow’s Natasha’s cue and relaxes back in his own chair, watching the news with a mild disinterest while he fiddles with a napkin that was within his reach, just so he can keep his hands busy.
, after he came home to his children with the help of
Why is she telling them this. Why,
“I couldn’t sleep. Not like this.” Thor says, almost conversationally, and maybe it would have been convincing if he hadn’t stared at Tony unblinkingly as if he feared Tony would do something in the split second it would take him to open his eyes. When Tony does not react, still hunched over the table with shoulders raised like a wary animal, ready to spook, Thor’s body language mellows into something… softer, more open, surprisingly inviting for his rugged appearance and bulky frame. “I thought of finding Banner, but I’ve been informed he’s asleep. I think he spent the entire night going through the books, and he might still be out for a couple of hours.”
“Your Highness.” Steve says politely, but not moving a muscle, his whole body tensed as if he’s ready to burst into a sprint as soon as it seems necessary. He feels like he might need to. For some reason, he knows Natasha would vanish into thin air if she could right now. “Sorry to interrupt. I need to speak with Natasha alone for a moment.”
“No, man, I’m sorry.” Rhodey concedes, sounding ashamed. “That wasn’t cool of me.”
“Days ago.” She finally breathes, with only the slightest hint of doubt in her voice. “The day the spaceship came. It’s been like this since then.”
This is—
Would he
, but she doesn’t
“We have to bring them back.” Tony repeats, because there’s nothing else he can
“I don’t think so.” Natasha says.
“No.”, and the taste of the truth feels weird in his tongue, like liquor, the tingling of it spreading through his body like a hit of a very powerful drug. “I didn’t think it was important. It didn’t hurt me.”
” Tony has to scream, using all the power in his voice modulators to be heard over the deafening noise of the riot. Thor stops in his tracks, just as he touches the ground from a quick jump from over the fence, and mercifully, he reacts quick – as soon as Tony darts towards the invaders, Thor follows him, no questions asked.
that Steve and Sharon dated for a couple of months just after their graduation and Steve had
If he’s right. He just wants to hear what they have to say. He knows it can backfire, and it probably will, because Bruce’s reaction as soon as Ross’ name is mentioned in any occasion is more than enough evidence to know how he’ll react, and Thor is a god and a prince and Tony knows that someone like him would never accept to be put under the control of a goddamn panel—
Steve thinks about the class cage and Loki, smiling, like a kid on Christmas day.
“Is that how you knew about the Stones? From a prophet?” Rogers raises his eyebrows in surprise.
more, but it’s fair.
And this is a hard thing to face. It’s
“I cannot tell with only our private satellites, Boss.” FRIDAY regretfully answers. “I would need your permission to extend my reach of research and produce a more accurate estimation of the numbers.”
.” Clint growls, bitter acid in his voice.
He understands what Natasha meant. He can understand her logic. Steve is not beyond admitting he lost his mind for a moment, when he realized
Wong referred to so extensively, and that somehow guaranteed him more magical perks than the others.
He’ll do it anyway.
” Tony screams at her, his exclamation verging on frenzied, and his throat scratches and burns and tears apart like ribbons, and he wants… he wants… he just wants to know
answers to his call. “Pepper! Happy! Vision! Hill!”
“So are you.” Steve – and even if Tony wanted to forget his name he
The next morning, Tony finds Natasha eating some leftovers while watching TV, and Tony thinks it says a lot about him that he doesn’t startle or does anything that a
“I still don’t know how to dance. You’ll have to teach me.”
They are all going to
“Nothing you don’t already have.” Carter says begrudgingly, as if the lack of extra information personally offends her. “Captain Rogers has given us a run-down of the situation, and we’re going to be dividing into units to make sure we cover ground more efficiently.”
(C’mon.)
“Strange also had one.” Bruce informs them. “The thing he wore. His necklace, or whatever that was. It was a container for the Stone, the Time Stone.”
thing he could do, far too late, far too overdue to mean anything.
Tony should probably be counting himself lucky that Nebula was the one to figure out, not anybody else. Not –
“I hope so.” Steve says, nearly breathless, and if feels like a
Rogers steps closer, almost side to side with Tony, and Tony lets him.
He also removes his armor, too uncomfortable with the idea of facing her while using it,
(Why?)
Tony feels like he’s starving too. What for, he doesn’t know.
. Small and fragile, and he
“I know this isn’t something we thought was possible before, but we definitely have to consider it might be possible now.” Tony settles, carefully, before directing his words to Natasha, “I know you said what you saw came from your past, but we can’t prove that what Thor saw really didn’t come from the future. Actually—” He sniffs, uncomfortable, “Thor does have a point. He saw Vision. Before he was created. If one of the events he saw really came from the future, we have no way of separating what came from the past and what didn’t.”
the Accords take it all from him. He’s ceasing control, and it’s ridiculous, because Tony is the most controlling person Steve has ever met. That damn futurist mind of his, going through every scenario and trying to prevent all the bad ones from happening all at once, how can he let this kind of thing happen? First Ultron, now this?
He never wanted Steve to go through to this horror in his life.
inside his
Tony can see it happening in his mind’s eye, the memory so clear it hurts to look at it, like a too-bright screen or directly looking into a flashlight, a tunnel of white burning directly into his retinas, branding a photograph into his brain he’ll never be able to burn off.
, almost. A
“Gimme the SparkNotes version, dear.”
“So did I.” Thor rebukes. “I need a better explanation than that.”
(Chances are she doesn’t
“Iron Man, now is not the time to complain about the enemy’s work ethic.” Steve warns him, with not a single heave in his breath, though it sounds like he’s smashing his shield on a bunch of the tiny robots all at once from the noise in the background.
Tony should have done more.
before involving a
“I never—” Pepper says, and stops. For a second, it sounds like she’s trying not to choke too. “I never,
“How could it be dangerous?”
It infuriates him in a way he can barely contain.
(But in a way someone misses an old childhood toy.)
And they are going back to the Compound anyway.
It looks… exactly like it was before. Her eyes scan the walls, the cabinets, the old love seat in the corner, the old mahogany desk Howard got as a gift from his grandfather so many years ago - and for a second, she kind of wonders if her husband has finally lost his mind. She was under the impression she would do it first, honestly, after the lost Anthony. The thought is a bit jarring, just until she slips back into that numb state that she can’t seem to shake off, physically shutting off all her emotions under a thick layer of
He is useless. They all are.
he uses it on the two people who hate you all the most in all of Sokovia. If that thing really works that way, is it really any wonder how Ultron came out the way he did?”
“A tree?” Rhodey asks, with arched brows.
, apparently, and softly saying
Out of the corner of his eyes, Tony sees Nebula shoot him a glance as if he has just lost his mind.
(He wasn’t—)
The water is hot, almost scalding, but it hits nice against the back of his head and into his knotted, messy hair, down his stiff neck and trickling down his back. He almost doesn’t want to leave. He is not actually sure how long his shower takes, not really, but he’s vaguely aware that it most certainly goes on for too long, from the steam. The fogginess on the mirror. The air is warm, but the mist reminds him of cold; And he’s afraid that if he steps out, the chill will immediately seep back into his bones and never leave. He watches the stream go down his body to his legs, running down his calves and feet in jagged, trickling paths, and he wishes they could wash away the cold with them.
Rogers looks at him from under his ridiculously long, pale lashes, infuriatingly gentle, and says:
But it’s hard to do so. At this point, it’s only muscle memory, really.
feel the way he is getting more and more distant from them, as they come around and make all these decisions and snap at him with feelings he didn’t even imagine they would have. This kind of life they have, it had never allowed so much down time for him to notice how deeply
But it’s not. The gentleness of her hold tells him it’s not.
But he never said the words, did he?
Tony takes in a deep breath, steeling himself for this conversation, the intensity of their gazes striking him with the same heat the repulsors of the armor produce. “The Gauntlet took them away. Nothing says it couldn’t bring them back.”
“Not Bucky.” Steve corrects. “I was trying to protect
He stands there helplessly, immovable, and Shuri is almost back inside when she suddenly turns around excitedly, her entire face lighting up in joy, shocking him for a second.
Nebula frowns at his lack of reaction, and shrugs at him. “Is that important?”
“For who? For me?” she asks, and there’s actually a little bit of bitterness in her tone. “For you? For the Accords?”
(Or maybe that’s just you.)
“Well, besides the fact she suddenly became Queen and lost her brother and her mother to Thanos’ snap?” Natasha says, with an edge of annoyance sharp and dangerous.
Tony sees him, and smiles. It’s casual. He says hi to Tony, Tony says hi back. He asks about how Tony’s day is going, and Tony says it’s fine, and asks the same. Again,
“Well—” Tony shrugs, with all the nonchalance he doesn’t feel. “It’s not like it’s unexpected. It’s been a long time coming, I think.”
Still, it’s a loaded question. It’s such a loaded question. They all look at him and Tony has a terrible déjà vu of the previous day, of their stares and their expectations, of the weight of his words, of his choice.
Tumblr and see all the options you have!
Steve wants to tell her. He is desperate to get this out of his system, even though he knows it’s going to hurt, it’s going to make him angry and defensive and they will
We have to stop it. We can’t answer any more calls, ‘cause we have
(What if?)
And it seems to work, because even after being kicked out, neither of them wants to
“If Maximoff wasn’t the one showing me my future, whatever was speaking through her was.” Thor summarizes, efficiently and impatiently. “The Mind Stone must have been warning us about what was destined to come – but since it was just one, out of the six Infinity Stones, the information it gave me was incomplete.”
Nebula didn’t sound like she was fond of any other of Thanos’ charges other than Gamora. Actually, when Tony thinks about it, he realizes that Ebony Maw and Proxima Midnight, if he’s remembering their names right, technically are
Vision acquiesces, silently, and he and Wanda walk out of the apartment almost hand in hand, talking in hushed tones, as the door closes behind them with a soft click. They they’re gone, the sigh Clint gives is so long and deep that he sounds like he just left a battle, tattered and worn-out, exhausted down to his bones. Sam takes a deep breath, trying to calm himself down, and Natasha gives him a light pat on the shoulder, supportive, but she doesn’t say a word.
She doesn’t get it!
like?” Rocket inquires, a little skeptical.
, a duo so powerful they constantly brought the world to its knees, a pair that should never be underestimated.
Why is he not supposed to think about Pepper?
(She can’t put up with him anymore.)
The culmination of all of Steve’s ignorance, of his ego and his impulses, the proof that his judgment
But Bruce is his
“He has been awake for a few months now.” He says calmly, and its like all air has been punched out of Steve’s chest, his lungs collapsing on themselves, and the tidal wave of emotions inside him only grows and grows, overwhelming and terrifying, completely silent under his skin. “But he asked for privacy, so we complied with his request.”
, or at least, Steve doesn’t think it is.
“No one does. Nidavellir is surrounded by asteroids and other rocks of unknown sources – perhaps Uru is found in one of them.”
“You fucked up, face it.” Sam keeps going, now speaking more enthusiastically. “
announce every time he goes somewhere, though Steve suspects sometimes he
“I have them.” Tony assures him. “I got it.”
there, eyes still open, mouth parted as if in a gasp, a trickle of dried blood staining his lips. He looks gray, like the entire world around him. He’s all twisted and sprawled, a ragged doll thrown out of the window, left on the floor to be forgotten by time.
” He exclaims, desperate, and he sounds like he is dying. “Pep,
“It’s not for me!” Clint says loudly behind him, but Tony is so determined to walk away not even the entire Avengers team could stop him.
“It will be.” Howard tells him, but he doesn’t tell him anything else.
the weight of the gazes that suddenly turn to him, slowly and menacing.
Should he even bother?
And Steve is nothing if not competitive.
He doesn’t know if he can fix it.
flustered Tony can get at the mere indication that Steve might return his feelings.
Tony didn’t even know Thor could
and it’s a
“I have to look for Pepper and Rhodey, and Happy, and May Parker—” Tony rambles on, knowing he’s not being nearly as successful in distracting her as he should, but he can’t possibly muster the strength to fake this right now.
“Now it’s not— It’s not the time to talk about it, alright?”  Tony gently asks, but it doesn’t have enough strength to stop Bruce from continuing.
them to do what they say they’ll do, but they have no
Tony has
“Okay.” Pepper agrees, if a little shakily, but flies towards the opposite side with remarkable ease, heading towards the still-standing buildings with careful attention.
And that’s when Steve remembers. He hasn’t told them. Not all of it.
But Nebula had just… what she had just done…
So is Steve.
Suddenly, a part of the crowd starts pushing in another direction, changing the course abruptly, and Tony turns to see what’s happening and he realizes there’s a huge flare of light coming from the square garden, flickering and hot, increasing rapidly; People are dropping the burning items they’ve been carrying, and torches and scorching flags falling to the floor of the gardens, spreading wildfire through the trees and grass,
They can’t bring twenty-eight people back with them in the Jet.
Clint gestures to the side, to a closed door, and lowers his voice as he answers “Inside. He’s talking to Wanda.”
sorry. I should have known Ross was going to take the chance to do something bad to you, but I didn’t. Rhodey was in the hospital, Vision wouldn’t talk to me, Romanov and I had a fight, you can ask her—”
(Losing.
but the point is that he has
Further back from the gates, in the middle of the square that faces the House, there’s a man, balancing dangerously on top of a statue of a man on a horse, gesticulating wildly and screaming towards a crowd that surrounds him and screams back in despair. They hug against one another, all huddled together for warmth and comfort, and they cry, raiding their heads towards the sky, some clasping their hands together in front of them in the universal gesture of pleading.
How is… How is Nebula
Bruce nods in jerky motions, sorrowful, and Tony’s heart plummets.
Steve won’t leave him. Not again.
, to erase the last few years. To erase their conflicts and their fight. Their mistakes.
. He doesn’t have the strength to hold that though so close to his chest as he had before, to use it the same way he used the Arc Reactor, to keep his heart beating, to keep his promise to Yinsen alive. To remind himself not to waste his life.
He’s not.
“Half of them escaped.” Thor says, mutedly. “I don’t know where. Valkyrie hasn’t made contact since. I can only hope they are safe.”
“I don’t think he’s going to be very happy to hear he’s going to jail.” Steve muses.
“He wasn’t trying to
(Too scared of not waking up.)
The idea doesn’t make Tony feel any better.
“How is that possible?” Sam says, indignant. “We had no choice. If we didn’t sign it, we would be forced to retire.”
“No.” They would try to keep him out of harm, in fact, and they would keep him confined in this place for as long as they deemed necessary. And Tony can’t have that. “But I need to be somewhere else. I have to find my friends.”
“Are you
Steve could’ve
Because Tony has to use whatever excuse he can find if he wants to keep going.
the twinge of pain that grips his heart, the sorrow, the
, and that’s all that matters! That is the bottom line! There is no argument to be made here, they are
Steve does not move. He stands right where he is, in a fucking abandoned car lot a few streets down from their rented rooms, beating the training projection princess Shuri has so kindly provided them with senseless. He can imagine what he looks like. The training projection is made of something Steve can’t even begin to comprehend, something that is made of light but feels
He lowers his head and closes his eyes, sighing, reminding himself not to shake his head or else he’ll deeply regret it, and Pepper
? No one is creating them?” Rhodey inquires, suspicious.
Tony makes a contemplative noise. “I thought you said Rogers-Stark-”
he thinks to himself, as he only remembers seeing them act inside the US territory. But who knows how long that will last? What if they refuse? Will they be thrown in the Raft like his friends, because they didn’t comply?
“If Thanos was the one to send Loki,” Bruce theorizes. “He was the first person to have the Mind Stone at all. Before Wanda, before Strucker, before all of this. If Loki got the Scepter from him, that’s one more person to be in contact with the Mind Stone before it got to us.”
“Why?” Sam presses.
“Stark.” Thor says, in face of Tony’s prolonged, morbid silence, and the lost look in his widened eyes. “Why don’t you believe me? Why do you refuse to see that this might be our chance to fix what has happened—"
Tony gives a wry chuckle, failing completely to sound nonchalant, but he does it anyway. “Guess I wasn’t ready to be released of the hospital just yet.”
“They can’t stop
But Tony has to—
It looks like – It looks like they are genuinely bantering like children, like siblings, like an inside joke only the two of them are privy to.
“Check the building closer to the explosion.” Natasha suggests through gritted teeth, and the tightness in her voice betrays her. “Tony, Rhodey, you’re in. Looks sturdy enough.”
(Less than five seconds. New record
No. Curiosity, maybe. But
“That’s when he took Gamora.” Nebula concludes, and then stops.
“Thank you, T’Challa.” Steve exhales, feelings his lips twitch in a semblance of a smile, a genuine smile, something he hasn’t done in a very long time.
Barton fumbles like he suddenly took a hit to the head, shifting in his feet and mouth opening in shock, no words forthcoming, only a confused mumble and an outraged expression, as if he can’t process the information correctly in his brain. Rogers and Romanov, in turn, immediately stiffen, eyes zeroing on Nebula with uncomfortable precision, the critical stare of a threat assessment, and Tony unthinkingly jumps to her defense, stepping closer to where she’s sitting and fully prepared to step in from of her to make himself a shield if he has to.
Tony expects Steve to make a face, like he does when Clint tells a particularly crass joke, but
“Hey!” Steve exclaims, and throws his shield at Tony’s target, and it shakes violently as the blow hits it right in the head.
“How are you sure he still has them?” Lang asks, curiously, but the question arrives at Tony’s brain like it’s jumbled, making no sense.
, and the entire gulp of air just gets
Sam has gotten up and is making his way back inside the building by the time Steve comes back to himself. He jerks a little, shaking himself off of his stupor, and he turns around to see that Sam is almost at the door, and Steve still has to say one thing before he leaves.
But it has the opposite effect, because Wanda’s eyes shoot up and flash red for a fraction of a second, almost piercing through him with their intensity. “Why not? You did.”
the way Natasha’s eyes dart all over the place, sweeping the location to assess the danger, but
Tony slips his glasses back on and gives them a wide smile and peace signs, picture-perfect and utterly charming.
(He doesn’t want to.)
“You think the Mind Stone tried to speak to you.
“We’re becoming a full iron family now, aren’t we?” Rhodey jokingly says, but he sounds a little winded, which honestly makes it even funnier in Tony’s ears, and he lets out a barked laugh under his breath.
else. Tony can’t see anything but chaos and electric cables loose from the ceilings. Probably the only thing keeping this building up is the wing itself, and if it moves, they might have another problem on their hands.
No disobedience – unless it was careful, calculated. Strong enough to impact, but not so harsh it would cause ripples in the water. The AI had been just the same. He had to be. Tony ached for the presence of Jarvis so much after his passing, why would he change one of the things he had admired so much in the man?
“And we’re not gonna have it, so we need to do something about it
He knows how it goes.
How could Steve simply trust like that? He couldn’t, could he? He couldn’t—How would he place his life, his strength, his convictions in the hands of a world he doesn’t belong to, where everyone is hiding a mask or five, and when Steve had always been so quick to
He can be professional. He can be polite and be cooperative and work along.
This is not good. They have a problem with their spaceship now? Damn it – they’re gonna need the Benatar. Once they’re done with this – and they will be, Tony will make sure they find a solution to this mess, even if it’s the last thing he’ll do – the Benatar is the only viable option they have to transport a large group of people across space while they look for Thanos. Thor has that… weird, glowy thing he does whenever he wants to travel, but they can’t rely on that. Tony now realizes his Reactor is Tesseract-based tech, but at the end of the day, he’s an
over it. He has no grudge when he speaks of Wanda, even though he has implied that Wanda has somehow messed up badly with his head, and he has no grudge for Tony for Ultron, as he has no grudge for no one, not even for
“Vision’s idea, actually.” Bruce admits. “I don’t know how, but he figured it out. And he was right, because it worked.”
“She did.” Barton says. “Once. Being on the run was tough on her. On all of us, but it got to her pretty bad. They were singling her out all the time.”
“Then what about the dark energy? You wanna use portals to sneak in behind him?” Barton’s eyebrows shoot up, his expression disbelieving.
Tony averts his gaze.
No one says anything, because they all have already laid out their arguments and their doubts, their worries bleeding in between the spaces of their words, and they still can’t find a middle ground. They have to choose.
“Right.” Cap replies, awkwardly – and Tony starts to feel awkward too,
All that comes out of his mouth is:
“Are you sure?”
“T’Challa’s sister’s lab had all sort of sensors monitoring every surface of the planet. Filtered info in real time, all the time. We saw—” Bruce clears his throat, looking more uncomfortable than Tony has ever seen him. “We saw the numbers.”
, he tells himself.
“They can try.” Natasha says, arrogantly.
“No, they can’t. But that’s why I’m reading the new versions of the Accords. Because they are
He won’t.
“That’s not what I’m saying!” Bruce defensively exclaims. “What I’m saying is—”
“This is not what we’re here for.” Rogers says, almost like a warning.
He doesn’t want her to do this.
Steve has thought about their fights every single day; and like the idiot he is, he thought it was all about the Accords. How
“Bucky is awake.”
(Who else is left?)
“That’s not all.” Bruce argues, raising his eyebrows. “I think trying to destroy the Stones could possibly kill him. I mean – if he destroys one by one, maybe, that would mean there still would be one left, and all six at once, he would have to snap his fingers again. But you don’t
When did he allow this distrust to sink its claws so deep inside of him that he allowed it to
“Scott.” Steve warns, uncaring if he’s interrupting. “You’ve never read them. You don’t know what kind of demands are in there. You can’t just sign it and hope for the best.”
Tony takes in a very long, very deep breath. “Okay. You can have the comm as soon as FRI’s done with it.”
People.
and with no visible doctors or nurses or even other
And Steve doesn’t know how to tell her she has done nothing wrong.
“What happened?” He asks.
! And we have to stop pretending they
What the— What the hell?”
“The problem is that we won’t know it works until it
for everything, even if I wasn’t the one to call you, and I wasn’t the one to
like he somehow
agents into that place, so many civilians around, no one knew what was going on. You can’t – you can’t
He stares back at her, lost and adrift, on his knees and unable to get up on his own.
Not even silence lasts forever.
“These are the news I have for you. I’m sorry I cannot give you any more details, but I will remain in contact and keep you all updated on Mr. Lang’s legal process, if that’s what you’d prefer.”
Where are Barton and Romanov?! Where’s Rhodey and Nebula and Rocket, where’s Bruce, and Carter and Ross, where
All he knows is worship tastes good on his tongue.
(It always does.)
Because
He’s just…
(I broke them to go to you.)
“The hostages?” He asks at least, because he has to ask.
“I was going crazy. I almost got myself killed once because I was so out of it.” Sam continues, oblivious to Steve’s mistake. “But these things
make work as a tool, he won’t be able to obtain unless they venture inside the hospital again and risk being seen.
Steve follows T’Challa closely, unable to keep his uneasiness at bay, even when they arrive at the marvelous country T’Challa calls
“I don’t know. I didn’t see him since he went back under.”
Steve feels taken aback.
Fuck.
Something tells him that it’s still extremely early in the morning, or early enough that everyone else is still sleeping, so Thor might not have checked the bedroom, Tony considers, but that only solidifies the theory that this little meeting here is 100% FRIDAY’s schemes at work. Tony wouldn’t know – he muted her, as soon as he stepped out of the room and she attempted to call for Rhodey. He wasn’t having it. Asking her now would be too obvious, he guesses, too telling of his pain and how poorly his attempts of dealing with his feelings are going so far, especially if he dared to do it in front of Thor; And though his pride is not something Tony has much left of, always a fickle thing and too much of a hazy concept for him to pay it much mind, but humiliation is still something he’s very aware and very familiar with, and the burning heat of shame still stings in his memory just like the sting of scotch, and he can’t have his body tasting either or else the spiral down will never stop.
“Always, dumbass. Always means always.” He ducked his head, unable to look at Steve’s face any longer. He knew enough about his face to know exactly what he saw there. “Since we were teenagers. I just… you didn’t—“
suits. This one was a dark grey one he wore with a simple white button-up and a black tie.
Sarah all to yourself. I’m sure she’ll spoil you even more. And you’ll have to dance with Pepper at her wedding for me, hm?”
.” He hung up and dialed the correct number. After only two rings Sarah answered and Tony gave Steve the phone so he would be the first thing Sarah heard.
The next time he woke, it was too bright and he had to close his eyes again immediately. At least he was still warm and not hungry. He could handle anything under those circumstances. Finally, he decided to open his eyes and stare at the whiteness of the ceiling, trying to adjust before he could look around.
“Let’s do it tonight. I don’t think there’s any point in waiting,” Tony said, helping Clint sit up.
Riposare in pace (Italian) - Rest In Peace
.’ “Speaking of, how's that going? I wasn’t even aware you were… interested in our type, shall I say?” He was eyeing Tony, curious of his reaction and responses. Sarah might have thought it was fine, Steve as well and it may have been fine but James knew what it was like being in a relationship with Steve.
James laughed. “You mean my menorah and yarmulke?” Clint nodded. “I’m not a practicing Jew.”
“What happened?” Tony asked softly, on his knees in front of him, resting his hands on Benni’s knees. He wished he wouldn’t have to see his brother like this ever again and yet there they were. “
The grandfather clock in the living room announced that it was Benni’s bedtime and Tony excused himself and went looking for his brother. He was surprised to find him in bed already, reading a book by himself.
This was the closest Steve had to been to Tony while both were conscious. He had carried Tony to bed and to the ambulance before that and Tony, he assumed, had been close to him when he woke him earlier.
?” Clint nodded. “I wanna learn
“Your brother will be taken care of. And nothing bad will happen to you or Steve.” She rested a hand on his back.
“Still nothing
“Hey.”
two hundred dollars in his hand, maybe more. That bottle of whiskey could be covered four times over with just one of those bills.
“Start. Talking.”
“Clint too. But we know who took them. Get here as soon as you can. I can’t leave. Bring Sarah. And Benni. I don’t want anyone out of our sight.”
They shuffled through, the first floor, Barton and Romanoff on the second, and Odinson and Maximoff on the third.
“Early start, ay?” Dugan asked, after ten minutes of silence.
“For the kiss?”
“This is
it to my
“You alright?”
There was a huge globe in one corner with Belfast, Leningrad, and New York marked on it. Couches sat in the middle and armchairs in every corner with their own personal overhead reading lamp.
“What if we split up? Cover more ground,” James blurted out and Steve wondered how long he had been thinking about it.
Steve stared at the papers on his lap. He knew there was something he meant to keep an eye on with Tony and the accounts but so much had happened that it had slipped his mind. He looked up at Tony and said plainly. “I did that.”
And then he remembered something.
“You mentioned that already,” James commented bitterly.
There was a knock and then Phil entered carrying everything he had been asked for. He sat it all down on the desk and then returned to the door, looking at James, a question on his face.
Steve turned to Tony, keeping his voice low and said in broken Italian,
Steve fell quiet again, thinking, going over the night in his mind. From his side of things, it had been a success. From the soda bread to the apple cake, Tony seemed to have enjoyed every last bite. They talked and laughed and flirted the night away and when their plates were cleared and they had moved to the couch with their wine, it only took one touch from Tony before Steve was kissing him, his hands roaming and lips traveling as well like he couldn’t get enough of him fast enough.
“You say all kinds of kooky stuff, you know? Is that a Russian thing? Natalia does it too sometimes. How much did you have to drink?”
There was a shuffling sound and then Bakuto’s voice came through clearly on the phone. His pain and anger aside, James couldn’t help the pride he felt at Clint’s snarky little remark. Just the fact that he still had that fight in him. He hadn’t lost his brazen dumbassery, they hadn’t broken his Clint.
” Steve gave a curt nod, his expression the same and Falsworth backed out.
He considered arguing but figured there was no point in it other than to be an ass so he stood and went with Tony to the couch, still as tense. He couldn’t bring himself to meet Tony’s eyes, afraid he would see whatever James saw in his. He just wanted a little happiness.
, and he regrets deeply that he didn’t steel himself enough for the very real possibility that they
Thor is a mighty Asgardian warrior and Cap, Tony has heard, has a lot of fun breaking SHIELD’s gym equipment, so Tony is going to have to up his game. He’ll make the
