This is the part that Castiel doesn’t like: at the dinner table, only a limited number of people can speak to each other, everyone remains where they are placed, and he can pretend to be very interested in his plate if he wishes to avoid any part of a conversation. Here, there are fewer rules. People mingle, and expect him to do so.
Not to get mad about geography every single chapter, but: the reason I haven't specified a lake here is because despite poring over google maps, it turns out like every single body of water locally in Kansas was like, manmade in the 1960s or something. This is an insane way for lakes to exist, and I'm very angry about it. So I will provide no further clarification, and it serves you all right.
Castiel waits, sitting very still.
Castiel says, softly, ‘Yes,’ and his voice wavers.
Anyway, Cas doesn’t show up in the evening. It’s not a surprise. He didn’t get it, and even if he did, the guy’s probably on lockdown.
Very quietly, Castiel stands up, grateful for the fact that he is situated towards the back of the room and that few people are likely to notice, and edges his way through the heavy door into the hallway.
Dean’s eyes follow the little black book, but he doesn’t move to take it. ‘Well, that’s very big of God to say. I’ve gotta ask, where was he earlier, huh?’
Kansas became the first state to amend its constitution to prohibit all alcoholic beverages in 1881, and made manufacturing alcohol a misdemenor in the same year. However, these laws weren't necessarily enforced as intended, and proprietors kept businesses open by paying a monthly fine of $100 - loopholes meant that some towns actually saw more saloons open. This went on until about 1888 when the temperance movement really kicked in, favouring extreme prohibition policies and electing four successive governors between 1905-1919. Kansas did not repeal prohibition until 1948. The last time Dean would've lived relatively freely/in a non-institutional setting, it would have still been pretty easy for him to get alcohol, though probably not by this point.
He’s almost anticipating another attack - as if Dean might be waiting for him on the other side of the door, body coiled ready to strike - but the omega is lying on his back on the little bed, staring up towards the ceiling. The green eyes shift towards Castiel as he enters, but he makes no effort to sit up, even when Castiel holds out the supper tray. Castiel hovers for a moment, and then reluctantly slides it onto the nightstand, nudging the little vase out of the way and picking up the candlestick.
‘Jesus!’
Cas does it again. Cas
It is an almost militaristic operation. Dean washes and dresses and serves Michael his breakfast as usual, albeit several hours before dawn, and then he is recruited to help the other servants downstairs: to help carry the long dining room table into the main hall, where a map of the counties has been carefully marked out before them to track results as they come in, and then to watch as the telephone gets carried through with great ceremony (a beautiful black and brass creation with a small hand crank at one side; Dean has never seen such a thing, and he immediately wants to touch it and spin the little dials, although he knows no one with their own telephone that he might call). The butler, who is to stand by its side all night and receive calls, confides rather indulgently - perhaps caught up in the grandness and excitement of it all - that not all counties even have access to such a thing, and the vast majority of vote counts will be delivered by telegram throughout the night. It will most likely be boys on horseback delivering the cards and numbers one by one, beginning in the evening a few hours after polls have closed.
‘Cas is family,’ Dean interrupts. He exhales, lifting his head. ‘He needs me, Sammy. He - Bobby’s gonna get him some papers, say he’s a cousin on dad’s side, so his family can’t find him. So it don’t look weird that he’s living up here.’ So people don’t speculate on what Dean is to him, exactly. ‘So he’ll be family, same as Bobby’s family. And we’re - I appreciate it, Sammy, I really do. God, you know how much I wanted - but it’s-’ he breaks off.
Wichita is the biggest city in Kansas today with a population of 389,000 people, so I used it as shorthand for a big count location. In 1890, it was only the third biggest, with a population of 23,853. POPULATIONS USED TO BE SO MUCH SMALLER. So while this whole election night is probably WILDLY inaccurate (since the only information I could find about elections in the late 19th century focused on the voters' side of things) and I don't know if they could even count it in this timeframe in 1890, telephones and telegrams aside - given how few people existed in Kansas relative to today, it felt plausible. Sorry to anyone who knows anything about American politics, could never be me, I did not expect to find myself here.
‘Yes,’ he says, too-loudly, and his voice breaks.
‘What if he were committed involuntarily?’ says his brother.
‘I’ll come over for a couple of hours tomorrow,’ says Jody, and instead of answering Dean can feel his stupid jaw clench, like he’s trying to hold himself back from begging her not to leave him alone with Castiel. Maybe she notices, because she suddenly looks desperately sorry for him, and he doesn’t like that either.
agree. So you haven’t asked him. You’re just torturing yourself.’
‘Hello,’ he says again, through the door. ‘Hello, please-’
‘It’s your own room,’ says Castiel, wide-eyed. ‘It’s your - you don’t have to apologise for-’
The question should make him panic. No one has spoken the name aloud for - months. They talk about him - it - him, in roundabout ways; a hungry, selfish thing. It should make him panic, but it doesn’t, but Castiel is not sure he remembers how to care about the omega anymore. There’s a hollow where he used to be, and that’s how it is supposed to be. So he doesn’t feel anything. Not really.
for Dean - but they’ve gotta eat. Cas prays again now, these days, but Dean doesn’t see him ever returning to the Church for good, not professionally.
Stop being a coward, Castiel.
The C.S. Lewis quote was one of the very first I set aside for this fic, second only to the Spurgeon quote that gave it its name. Those were the bookends for Part One from the outset.
Castiel hesitates another moment, and then he says, ‘Hello, Dean.’
Dean is in heat, Castiel remembers. Dean is half-feral with loneliness, with need, with the agony of lying here untouched, and he is somehow setting all of that aside in order to reassure Castiel, who is failing as an alpha in every possible sense. Dean is soaked with sweat, sore and weary, and he’s easing Cas into the mattress beside him, murmuring gentle words into the pillow as he melts into it. His exhaustion is palpable. He murmurs, ‘It’s just me, yeah? It’s just me. It’s Dean. Don’t know what’s going on in your head, there, but you’re-’ and then he cuts himself off, like he’s second-guessing whatever he was about to say. ‘You’re okay. I’d say you can scent me, but it might make it worse.’
They stare at the clustered coaches of the press and politicians, in front of the house.
‘Until you end up in Hell,’ Castiel points out.
Castiel thinks about sin.
Cas is standing there, awkward amongst the hubbub, his eyes wide on Dean.
Dean lets his fingers slip out, wiping them, visibly exhausted. His eyes fall closed, lashes splayed against his cheeks, and Castiel pushes himself back into action, unfolding one of the bundled up blankets to spread over his shoulders. Dean flinches when the soft weight touches him.
Dean doesn’t answer. Doesn’t look at him. He cracks an egg against the lip of the bowl and the whole stupid thing breaks in his too-big hands, shell and white and punctured yolk running down the outside out the bowl and down his wrist, and he only manages not to curse because he just
‘Eat me,’ he says, and leaves.
If he goes further inside, he’s going to see the aisle, where he-
‘He’s already mated, Cas! He had a fucking omega wife at the, at your family thing, at the-’
Dean tries not to think of Cas’ hand shaking as he drops the pages of his sermon to the floor, or the way Cas had kissed him, halfway mad. It’s not that he thinks Naomi can read his mind, exactly, it’s just that - well, he kind of thinks that if anyone could-
He feels his eyes widen. ‘I - you were depending upon the income. I apologise, I didn’t consider-’
‘You’re not funny.’
The clear blue of the sky has turned the lake diamond-bright. He aches to dive, to be washed clean of the grime of the road, the dust and sweat; it must be apparent from the way he stands, staring, on the shore, because when he glances over Dean is watching him from behind and gives a sort of half shrug, self-conscious again. ‘Be my guest,’ he says.
‘Hell of a shiner you’ve got there, Dean. You sleep in your clothes?’
back.’
‘Dean,’ says Michael sharply, snapping his fingers. ‘Check the front again.’
He can hear the man swallow. ‘Fuck off.’
‘He’ll hand me over,’ Lisa says, her voice thin.
‘-to get past that,’ he says, or something similar. There’s something else that Castiel doesn’t catch, and then, ‘for God’s sake. You’re being dramatic.’
‘I - I don’t-’
The blond guy beams. ‘Oh,
‘I don’t care about God’s will!’ Dean growls. ‘Fuck, I don’t care about God’s fucking will-’
Crowley rolls his shoulders back, business-like. ‘Three separate household staff - two maids, and the housekeeper - can testify that your blankets and belongings have been found in the bedroom of a male omega, who has been in heat for the last five days. Both maids are omegas and confirmed there was an alpha scent in the room on several mornings when they came in to change the sheets, and will be willing to scent you and confirm your identity; the Governor here can also testify that the stench of that omega is all over you this morning. Once his heat is fully broken, later today, we have medical professionals and police coming here to the house to inspect the physical state of the omega, but there’s good reason to expect they’ll find evidence of,’ he leers a little, ‘unnatural abuses visited upon him.’
Cas is like a bird, Dean’s brain decides. Cas is strange and pointy and fine-boned and
But for as long as Castiel has been alive, for as long as he remembers, his father has not.
For a moment, they sit beside each other in silence, and Castiel listens to the steady beat of the horse’s hooves, and the tuneless whistling of the boy driver. It is soothing - he hates the city, hates the size of it, hates the noise and the too-many people and the way everything moves too fast.
‘He’s not going to be here,’ says Gabriel, unexpectedly, after Castiel has been standing there for some time.
Dean has never experienced an election before, not really. He doesn’t know much about politics: he’s never needed to, since he can’t legally vote, and it’s generally considered the domain of alphas - and even back when he was free, back before Alastair, it wasn’t like it had much to do with people like him. He knows his father served in the war, when he was little more than a baby - before Sam was even born - but the reality of who makes what decisions and signs which papers… that’s lost on him.
He offers her a hand, pulls them both to their feet, then says, ‘Shit,’ again and pulls her into a hug. She’s small in his arms, dressed in the plain shirtwaist and long skirt he last saw back at the Refuge, and the thought is so jarring that he pushes away again to hold her at arm’s length and inspect her. It’s - he can’t wrap his head around it - Lisa had been at St. Mary’s, same as him, a fallen omega, same as him; the chances of her being employed by someone local are miniscule. The reality of her being here, in front of him, the same stubborn expression on her face he’s seen a hundred times before - he can’t process it. It doesn’t make any sense.
Now, the cast iron sign above his head reads
‘Of a sort,’ says the man airily, stepping around him. He approaches the half opened door and knocks - not like he’s waiting for permission, but just like he’s announcing himself - before opening it, wide enough that anyone inside could see both himself and Castiel in the background. ‘Naomi, Michael. Love what you’ve done with the place.’
Dean takes one look at the horses and says, ‘What?’
‘What?’
, and
Dean knows. ‘You gonna hit me?’
The light across Dean’s face burns away as quickly as it flared. If Castiel blinks, he imagines he could see the after-image tattooed against the back of his eyelids.
He starts reading through his pamphlets once they are on the train, although the journey is not so long that he needs the entertainment - about an hour, after which Castiel is pleasantly surprised to find Gabriel has sent his own carriage and driver to meet them at the other end, and return them to the Rectory. It is an unexpected gesture of kindness, thinks Castiel, right up until the carriage pulls up outside the house and he realises it is not, in fact, an unexpected gesture of kindness, but actually an unexpected gesture of ‘I’m in your house waiting for you’, when his brother opens the front door and stands there leaning on the frame and grinning obnoxiously.
,’ Dean snarls. There’s so much blood in his cheeks he feels as though he’s going to pass out. ‘I did it to myself, Christ,
‘Oh my god,’ says Dean. ‘You’re ridiculous. Come up here and kiss me.’
‘He was very dedicated,’ says Cas, stiffly. ‘And an excellent student.’
‘Do you require domestic help?’ she says, and Castiel is so relieved it isn’t a question about souls that he sags in his seat.
His feet on the staircase, the babble of voices around them - the room is so crowded that nobody is looking at him, and Dean’s heart has burst into life, is thumping against his ribs as if it’s bounding towards Cas ahead of his body. He ducks around the man from the Daily News, ignoring the beta as he tries to explain something else to him for the fourth or fifth time - bows his head as he skirts the butler still manning the telephone, avoiding his eye - the door is standing open, and Cas’ eyes are wide, and it’s time-
It’s been a long time since he’s spent a day like this. Maybe he never has. There is no work for him to do - nothing but making sure the horses drink and get shade, and the trash from their lunch is cleared away once they’re done eating - and Dean just naps, just rolls up his pant legs and wades into the water from time to time. He thinks he remembers how to swim but it’s been so long that he doesn’t want to risk it, and anyway, he’d look stupid in comparison to Cas, whose lean body slices through the surface of the lake like a blade, who emerges shaking dark hair out of his eyes and flinches when he thinks Dean is watching him.
Michael leans back against the desk, watching him appraisingly. He doesn’t seem bothered by Dean’s outrage, or that he’s spoken out of turn again.
Castiel deposits Dean on a chair at the well-scrubbed farmhouse-style kitchen table. ‘I didn’t intend to keep him a secret. I simply imagined I could get into my own home before being waylaid.’ Someone, he realises, has brought around a pan of gingerbread - Jody must have been here this morning - and left it out for him on the tabletop. There is a large square missing, which he finds hard to imagine is how Jody left it. He squints suspiciously at Gabriel.
He isn’t sure how to respond. ‘Gentlemen don’t.’
‘And you can’t roll your eyes at me.’
Dean can’t help it; he looks desperately to Michael. ‘Sir-’ no, wrong one. ‘Alpha - please- please, I did it to myself.’ He’s losing it, his voice wobbling. ‘There’s gonna be - it’s gonna be - I was in heat, please. Please don’t let him touch me,’ god, god, oh god. ‘Please-’
‘Up,’ he says, leaning over the bed to jab his rumpled alpha in the ribs. ‘Come on. He’s an early riser, I wanna make breakfast.’
‘Alright,’ says Dean. ‘Ginger beer, then. Aren’t you supposed to be ignoring me?’
come out of that angel face. ‘Mmm,’ he says. ‘Tell me how you want me.’
‘Your brother was an alpha,’ Cas remembers.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gabriel pats Dean’s ass again, and Dean hisses a pained inhalation. ‘What say you, Deano?’
There’s something - accusatory? - in her expression. Castiel makes his own face blander, flatter,  in response. Cut it away: quick and clean, no hesitation. ‘He’s been taken care of in my absence. I don’t intend to see him again.’ She opens her mouth and he quickly says, ‘Thank you, it’s nice to see you, goodbye.’
It comes out cold. Gabriel’s eyes flit across Castiel’s face for a moment, appraising, and then he raises his hands in mock deference.
Alright. Well, when Castiel thinks about it from an outside perspective, perhaps most people wouldn’t watch a man get beaten half-unconscious and then attempt to employ him. He can understand where Dean is coming from.
She looks dubious, which is not really the response a person wants when they’re talking about God’s calling, but Castiel notices that the omegas around them have started gathering up their things from where they were scattered. One is righting the fallen table, while an Overseer glares between them and Dean.
He’s not supposed to have seen De- the man. He knows that. It’s a secret. He can keep it a secret.
‘Yes,’ he says, startled. ‘Yes, that would be nice. It’s - it’s very kind of you to offer your time. I know you keep yourself occupied with your - fundraising, and philanthropy, but I admit I’m - I worry I’m poor company.’
‘Voluntarily! I’ve been discharged!’
Castiel is slicing one of the apples into clumsy pieces with his pocket knife. ‘No.’ He glances up. ‘I mean, I come here regularly, in the warm season. But not with anyone else. I don’t - I’ve not brought a lunch before.’
‘Can you clean?’ he says to Dean. ‘Or cook? I have a woman who comes round during the week, but I- she could help you learn.’ He’s suddenly self-conscious. ‘It’s a modest rectory, where I live. You would only have to-’
. His horse fidgets, picking up on the sudden tension in his body; he reaches to curl his fist into her mane automatically, mind racing, knuckles turning white. ‘I’m sorry.’
‘He planned it?’
The guy actually laughs. ‘Point me towards the kitchen and you can have some.’
Dean is so tired of being
‘Stop it,’ says Castiel.
The invisible string that ties them together, snaps.
‘You can’t-’ Castiel’s voice is getting louder too, rougher and gravellier than ever, like it’s being scraped out of his throat. ‘You can’t talk to them like that! You can’t talk to anyone here like that, Dean! I can’t keep you here if you’re going to act that way, they won’t let me
‘Thank you,’ says Cas.
‘Cas,’ says Dean, softly.
It’s so, so, far from fine.
‘Potato,’ says Balthazar, very seriously. ‘Potahto.’ He snaps his fingers at Dean, which immediately cancels out any points the illegal alcohol got him. ‘Point me towards the kitchen, will you?’
need, stop you smearing fluids all over the upholstery. Or you can have a little hissy fit about it, and the good doctor here will have to give you a medical examination, and we’ll have an answer for the courts, so to speak. Your choice.’
He’s not a bad liar, not when he has time to prepare, but he knows that his eyes go wide and alarmed before he can catch himself.
Dean backs up so far the back of his knees hit a padded armchair, and the British guy says loudly, ‘Oh,
be dead. He’d wanted to hurt him, that was the thing, some fraction of Dean’s own splintering pain, and yet - and yet - now that he has somewhere to run to, Dean can’t just leave him behind without a word. Not without even telling him.
The British guy laughs aloud.
Don’t look at him. Don’t look at him. It isn’t happening. He doesn’t have to tell anyone about it.
’ - on purpose in an attempt to shock or annoy Dean, but Dean isn't easily shocked and Gabriel isn't wrong. ‘You can’t even get knocked up, it would barely count.’
‘I’m sorry,’ says Castiel.
He hesitates. ‘You could, if you want. Or I could write it for you.’
? ‘I don’t know! I don’t - a while ago - during my - in heat, I don’t know, whatever. He fucked me, he knotted me, okay? Don’t fucking,’ he can’t look away from the doctor, he can’t control the way his breath is tearing its way out of his throat, making his chest heave, ‘let him touch me, please.’
‘No-’
it, the sort who kept saying they’d breed him or fuck him full of babies, that sort of thing, until Dean lost his patience and tried to give them a little sex education. If he’d had to guess, he’d probably have put Cas in the second category. Like, not the bad parts of it. Just the fairytale.
God, what if Dean kills him in his bed.
‘No. No, it’s just - it’s just been a few years.’ The chestnut horse lips at his hair, and Dean knocks it very gently away. ‘I mean, since - back with my dad, and Sam. And you don’t have horses, so, you know. Didn’t expect it.’
She flashes that slightly unpleasant smile again, and Castiel feels his blood heat. ‘I understand, Mr. Novak. I would ordinarily ask whether you cared to employ an omega of particular domestic skills or personal character, but I suppose that would be rather missing the point of your crusade?’
fit in.’
She lays a hand very gently on his knee.
‘What?’ he demands, blearily.
Cas also said that Dean’s safety was one of the conditions of the contract he signed. If he tries to escape alongside him and they get caught, that’s got to be a breach of the terms, surely. Dean wants to say
They both stand, perfectly still, looking out into the night.
Yeah, he’s gonna ignore that.
‘No,’ she says, ‘that’s perfect, okay; he’s sending you away, if we made a run for it it’d be a week before he’d even know, right?’ She meets his eyes.
He doesn’t realise there’s someone else in the room until the door clicks closed, and the housekeeper’s voice says, ‘Take them off him, for God’s sake.’
The luxury of making such a promise - he’s never had that before. It’s real hard-won. He thinks Sam can tell that, when he looks at him.
Inias is a thin-faced, dark-haired man in a navy suit. It’s no more formal than anything Castiel usually wears, but he looks less crumpled in it than Castiel usually looks. He seems pleased to see him, though, which makes him the first person since Castiel was discharged.
This time, when Cas peels himself out of the dirty bed a couple of hours later, Dean jerks awake. The room is almost entirely dark by now, with the candle burned out to a stump and no window to leak moonlight through, but Castiel knows all the same; knows the pattern of Dean’s breath and the shifting tension in his muscles and the tiny permutations of his scent. He could draw Dean in the dark.
‘Fuck
‘I have to,’ Castiel tries to say, ‘I have to punish you.’ It comes out like a croak, like his mouth is dry, and he swallows.
It doesn’t take long for Dean to finish. There’s come on his fingers, on his lower belly, and he gropes for the edge of the sheet to wipe off that hand, but leaves the other one where it’s pressed inside him the same way he did the other night, the way a knot might remain. It can’t be a convincing facsimile, surely - Castiel doesn’t need to inspect himself to know that his knot is bigger, would stretch Dean further - but it seems to quiet some of the omega need. It’s a strange thing to witness. It seems like it should hurt, rather than cause pleasure.
Dean has not spoken about the nightmares. Dean has, actually, spoken precious little at all since the night of the dinner party, as if something he thought was sealed away has cracked open, a whisper-thin seam running through his self-control that could easily break entirely. All the same, Castiel is aware of them now - wonders if this has been happening the whole time, beneath his notice, and Castiel had just been too scared to approach Dean’s bedroom door to realise - and he can’t stop being aware. He can’t stop replaying everything Dean has ever said about his past life, like it’s a code he can break, like he watches Dean’s face for long enough he will know whatever it is Dean keeps reliving. He thinks a lot about the rabbit-quick pulse in Dean’s throat as Michael marked him.
He clears his throat.
Thank you to 'the Greatest Showman' for making P.T. Barnum a recognisable name again. He was, of course, the American showman who founded the Barnum & Bailey Circus in 1871 - he probably didn't actually dress especially extravagantly, but I figured the reference would land.
aware of them before.
He’s been casting around for the words up until this point, but the rightness of these ones fills him with an echo of his own old righteousness.
Dean hesitates. ‘They fucked you up,’ he suggests, tentatively. ‘At the hospital, the stuff you keep freaking out about. The - sex stuff. They, did they-’
And then he had blasphemed so terribly, in the worst possible way. He’s grateful for his inability to think about that, because it would be far worse if he could. Castiel could not step inside a church again, if he were able to think about that.
Michael looks faintly repulsed, but he steps away from the edge of the table so he’s a little closer to Dean; lets his scent thicken in the air into something that would be soothing, were it coming from anyone else. From Michael, it’s more like some kind of sedative. Dean doesn’t feel any more in control of himself, but his head fogs further, and his chest feels less like it’s got knives sticking out of it; he gasps in the scent and hates that he’s grateful for it.
He’s still in that same phase Bobby was in for a while, the one where every time Dean walks into a room he can’t help but stop whatever he’s doing and just sort of stare at him, dazed, like he’s been hit over the head with something. At least Bobby had the dignity to pretend like he wasn’t watching Dean’s every move and duck into a different room every time either of them got tearful: Sam just goggles openly, all bright eyes and too-long limbs and puppyish expressions.
The servant’s bedroom is a small room, meant for a single person, with a narrow cast iron frame bed and carefully smoothed blankets in grey wool. The window, framed in lace curtains, looks out onto the church; yesterday, Castiel had placed a small vase of rather ugly dried flowers on the nightstand, in anticipation of his new companion. He tries not to look at them now as he edges Dean into the room.
Dean’s not an athlete, never has been, but one thing he can do is run. The crunch and spray of the gravel, the sting of the winter air against his face - it’s nothing, now. It’s freedom, or the promise of it. Cas’s hand in his is real, is sweaty and jostling as they move, and nobody is watching them at all.
He’s going to be sick.
He breaks off, glancing towards the door in a guarded sort of way that makes it clear he’s only just noticed Cas is here too. Upon closer inspection, Cas doesn’t look fully awake, to be fair - he’s allowed Dean to drag him here, yes, but there are still distinct pillow marks on the side of his squinting face.
‘Perhaps he doesn’t care,’ says Dean. He sits back, picks up the square of gingerbread, then nudges the rest of the tray back towards Castiel. ‘You can take that.’
He squints at her. ‘I don’t see that it should make a difference. My interest is in the creature’s welfare.’
‘I don’t want you to,’ he says.
Eventually he says, voice gravel-low and aching, ‘Where is Cas?’
‘Why are you doing that?’
Cas is standing very still on the porch, his hands buried deep inside the pockets of his formal suit, his shoulders hunched. He has not been as carefully groomed for this performance as Dean has been; although his suit is also pressed and his shoes freshly shined, there is the shadow of facial hair at his sharp jaw that says he has not shaved for the occasion. Dean likes that, sort of: it makes Cas look more human, less perfect and mechanical.
‘That’s not-’ He cuts himself off.
, and Dean’s body sings at the sound, a triumphant note plucked on a taut string. He wants to be
Maybe it’s stupid, but the fear comes back. He forgets how to speak again. He turns around, and Castiel is standing too close, the same intense, unblinking stare as yesterday that makes Dean want to push him away, grit out, ‘
‘I won’t-’ says Cas, stilted, ‘I won’t look, if you-’
If the point is to humiliate him - and Dean’s starting to figure out that that’s usually the point, when it comes to Michael - it’s going to work. Michael’s punishing him, and it can only be about the timing of his heat; Dean doesn’t have any control over that, and believe him he wishes he did, but alphas don’t always seem to get that. So, Dean’s inconvenienced him, or something. He clutches the sheet at his hips, trying to knot it into something more secure, but he’s very obviously naked underneath it, and at minimum - absolute minimum - he’d give almost anything to wash his hands right now. He’d give a hell of a lot to sleep for another twelve hours, too, but that doesn’t seem like it’s in the offing.
He might be sobbing. Cas’ arms are tight around him now, locked in place at his shoulders, and his hands are pressed so hard against Dean’s skin that it feels like he might leave handprints, and Dean wishes he would. They’re both crowded together on the staircase, and the steps are digging in hard against Dean’s back, his neck; his shirt is ruched up and damp with spilt whiskey, he’s mortifyingly hard in his pants, and there’s slick soaking through the back of his underwear and making it cling. At last, he manages to move his hands from where Cas left them and drag them back in, and on their own accord they wrap themselves around Cas’ broad back, like Dean is trying to absorb all the heat under his shirt. Like Dean wants to leave bruises on Cas, too. Like he wants to lock them together, as close as lovers.
‘He’s not here?’
Before Castiel can realising what he’s doing, his brother takes hold of Dean’s wrists, pulls them firmly towards him, and rubs them against the scent gland at his neck - Castiel almost yelps at the obscenity - and then Michael is at Dean’s throat again, pressed hard against him until Dean’s scent is all but swallowed up by Michael’s own. Until Dean is - scent-marked, thoroughly, as hot and conspicuous as a brand against his skin - and then Michael steps away and Dean stumbles back against the panelling.
he’s smirking. Sam’s cheeks have gone pink. ‘Like an uppity omega, I dunno.’
For more information about foundling hospitals and the women forced to give up their children to them, see here:  https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2015/sep/19/victorian-women-forced-to-give-up-their-babies-new-exhibition
Castiel freezes. Completely freezes, like he’s temporarily vacated his body, hands hanging in mid-air, stops breathing; and Dean is focusing so hard on not thinking - on unbuckling Castiel’s belt, unbuttoning his pants, rubbing his face, his scent, across the alpha’s crotch - that it takes him a moment to realise. He hesitates for a split second, and it must jerk Castiel back to consciousness, because then the alpha’s hands snap down to grab at Dean’s wrists and stop him from moving, and he’s staring down at Dean with those strange blue eyes wider than ever.
Two more of the watching omegas wail aloud. The Overseer punches him again, twice, then pins the man to the floor, knee against his back, twisting his arm back too high, and the scent of rage and distress grows sharper and sharper.
Michael narrows his eyes at Dean.
Following the introduction of nature therapy, the Patient’s mood is happily much improved this week. He speaks fondly of his experiences caring for the chickens and bees, and expresses a great interest in apiary and the natural sciences. Outside of these pursuits he remains lethargic.
The Dean who had been in Hell isn’t the same as the Dean of ten years ago. It’s uncomfortable and humiliating and hard to look at directly, and he’d spent the first few weeks at Bobby’s desperately pretending to be his old self, as if nothing had happened at all. He hadn’t been able to keep that up though, obviously. Perhaps it’s better that he doesn’t.
And finally, here is Deadwood Dick: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7e/Deadwood_Dick.jpg
‘Too late for hygiene. Unbelievable.’ He squirms as Cas mouths wetly against his neck. ‘Fuck. Are you gonna-?’
The sudden, wrenching emptiness as Cas had pulled out of him. The way Cas had stood over him, abruptly indifferent, and told him to clean up his own mess.
It has been two weeks since he caned Dean over the kitchen table, until Dean had fallen to his knees with a mouth bitten full of blood and slumped, shaking, in Castiel’s arms. He has not touched the omega since, not even to brush against him in the hallway or meet his fingers while accepting the tea tray in his study. Something in Castiel had expected, perhaps, for Dean to hold a grudge - the man is combative at the best of times, a known brawler according to his papers - but he hadn’t appeared to consider Castiel at fault. ‘
‘What?’
‘I’m not an attendant,’ says Dean, just as Gabriel drops him a big, exaggerated wink.
In the ensuing consultation, the Patient wept and refused to respond to questioning. The session was accordingly cut short.
‘Yeah, Cas, the noises, you know. The noises!’
Flashbacks/nightmares of previous sexual abuse, in particular being drugged during it. I didn't really think of this as a rape scene while I was writing it, because it's not explicit - more of a disjointed mishmash of various experiences -  but it's probably a rape scene, and it's the reason the rape/non-con tag exists on this fic. If you want to skip over this, stop reading after 'He sleeps.'
Cas usually wakes up first, although he doesn’t always bother peeling himself out of bed. He seems supremely content to lie there tracing patterns into Dean’s skin with a lazy finger or gently groom his ruffled bedhead ad infinitum, and given that he still hasn’t got the hang of lighting the stove for coffee it tends to be Dean who breaks first and heads to the kitchen in pursuit of caffeine.
He frowns. ‘I am. I’ve been discharged. I can go back to my own home.’ He glances towards Zachariah for this one, since he’d brought it up in the first place. ‘I’m not trying to be difficult, I just - I
He startles as the door opens, and a petite omega woman steps inside, carrying a laden tray. Her eyes flick to his face as she places a coffee set on the narrow side table, and Castiel automatically looks away from her, and then wishes he hadn’t. The Matron has finally moved to retrieve a stack of files from a handsome-looking desk, and she sits behind it to watch him appraisingly as he takes a hesitant sip from his coffee cup.
‘I don’t have a little prissy face,’ Castiel says, making a little prissy face.
‘I only had one piece,’ says Gabriel.
He’s kept that coat beneath his bed for months, praying that one day Cas would come back for him. That one day he would be himself again. Wearing it now - and it’s still grubby, and rumpled, and it’s somehow
,’ Castiel grinds out, again.
He wants to be back at the hospital, outside on the grounds, where there had been a little vegetable garden for residents to tend, and the goats he had grown so fond of, who hadn’t cared that some days he had come outside still shaking, still nauseous, still with static shocks coursing through his veins. They had headbutted his knees regardless, demanding food or attention. He had wanted to cry so often - probably had done so - but he’s not sure he remembers why, or what it was all about, or how much of it he’d imagined. Castiel had fallen, but goats didn’t care about that, and neither did bees, and neither did basil plants.
She spits a laugh. ‘I’m sure he
‘How’s the illegal halfway house going?’ Balthazar spins around on the spot, so that his coat flares out dramatically. It’s almost definitely deliberate. ‘This one is yours, yes?’ He gestures vaguely at Dean.
He doesn’t expect Cas to hang around. It’s cynical, or whatever, but he doesn’t; half the time he’s been fucked he didn’t get knotted, because nobody wants to be stuck there for half an hour afterwards, draped over his back while Dean suffocates quietly face-first in a pillow, or - worse, but less common - nose to nose and forced to gaze awkwardly into the eyes of a beat-up whore who doesn’t think much of you either, until you’re finally able to pull out and leave. The alternative was the guys who were really
He’d forgotten that he was carrying them, and now - thought processes thoroughly wiped out by the flick of Dean’s hand - it feels, suddenly, very stupid. He shrugs awkwardly with the large bundle in his arms. ‘I brought some blankets. For your - to make you more comfortable. I’m sorry it’s too - I should’ve done it earlier. I know your heat’s almost over now, it’s probably pointless.’
‘I’m not upset.’ It’s an automatic response.
‘I didn’t want it either,’ he chokes out, and it comes out so much more honest than he means it to be that he momentarily forgets how to keep talking. ‘I- I didn’t want any of it.’
‘Okay,’ he says.
(See the end of the chapter for
He stops at the family library before he takes the carriage home, and helps himself to an armful of heavy books - mostly essays or sermons by figures he admires in the Church, although he strays towards a couple of more scientific texts. Castiel tends to avoid these - they increasingly err towards blasphemy, in his experience. In older books, the sort he prefers, there was always a sort of harmony between the two - a natural theology was taken as read, God’s Word in the Bible and God’s Works in nature two sides of the same coin. He does not understand how one could study the work of the honeybee, for example, and conclude that it is not a consequence of God’s intelligent design. And yet, in the last twenty or thirty years, such writings had become unfashionable. Castiel has always wished to learn, to read everything available to him, to absorb all the information the library might hold, and yet he fears a clergyman such as himself is no longer welcome in scientific fields. If one removes God from the universe, what is left? He cannot comprehend such things.
‘You’re in my care.’
Perhaps Dean can’t be saved. But-
Final consultation with the Patient pending discharge into outpatient care after ten weeks of inpatient treatment for inverted sexual impulses and unnatural desire. The Patient’s mood is calm, although he admits to feeling anxiety at the prospect of returning to life outside of the asylum, particularly in regards to his changed living conditions (the Patient is to live at his family home indefinitely from hereon). He has asked no questions regarding the status of the omega male he was previously occupied with, which is considered most positive progress.
'Psychopathia Sexualis' by Richard von Krafft-Ebing, 1886 (which is what Chapter 1 of this part was based on) also refers semi-frequently to physical examinations of its subjects, including details about the appearance of the anus, and discusses a trial in which this was a major part of legal proceedings and led to a conviction.
He hesitates again for a few seconds. Castiel curls and uncurls his hand a little, wordlessly, and somehow Dean understands: he tangles his own fingers into Castiel’s.
, but he’s not dumb enough to rate their chances, and Cas is not a gambling man.
The clothes fit, more or less, not that Dean can see more than a few inches of himself in the little mirror in his room. Castiel still stares at him when he reemerges, assessing whether Dean’s gonna embarrass him in the house of God or whatever. Which, Dean probably is, but it’s unlikely to be his pants that are the issue.
‘Mrs. Allen is visiting for tea this morning,’ Naomi continues. ‘We believed it might be pleasant to introduce the two of you. She is a most respected figure in the community - I believe you were familiar with her late husband?’
‘Oh. On your front?’
It’s better once the two women lapse into their own conversation - some artist of whom they’re both fond, who paints scenes from Greek mythology - and he has to do nothing but listen and walk.
It only takes a second. And then - then Cas is easing Dean down onto his back on the bed, bundling the single pillow under his head while Dean’s loose-limbed and hazy. Dean helpfully tries to remove the sheet covering his lower half; Castiel immediately stops him, tensing, and - too late, he remembers that Cas isn’t here for that, but it doesn’t fit together right in his mind.
‘Cas,’ he says, careful, cautious. ‘Cas, you okay?’
‘You’re smart, too.’
‘Hello,’ she says, carefully. ‘Dean.’
Castiel stumbles over his words. ‘Not in
Sam hesitates a moment and then says, ‘I just don’t want to lose you again.’
‘He’s no longer my concern,’ he says.
Other than hymns, Castiel doesn’t know any songs at all. ‘I like yours,’ he says, after a second. ‘I like listening to you.’
He waits a couple of minutes for Dean to quiet, and then says softly, ‘What does it feel like?’
The guy watches him appraisingly. ‘No. We eat ‘em, so.’ He stands for a second, and then adds, ‘You wanna stick around for a minute, I can let you in to feed ‘em. They’ll let you pick them up, most of them. Not that white one, she’s a pain in the ass, but the rest of them.’
‘I didn’t think you would.’
‘Yes.’ Cas’ voice is stilted. ‘I thought - I might be mistaken, but I thought perhaps you wanted-’
Sam’s oddly cautious around Cas. Dean supposes it makes sense - the last time they were around each other, John Winchester was Dean’s alpha, and it’s probably strange to Sam to have a complete stranger hanging round all of a sudden, like a marker of how much time has passed and everything he’s missed. If it were a more normal employer-employee relationship - if Sam had met them both back when they were living at Cas’ house by the church, and Dean’s role had been better defined as domestic help - perhaps it might have been easier for him to understand, but given that Cas doesn’t pay him and Dean doesn’t talk about it, he gets the feeling Sam’s still kind of wary. If Dean admitted that he’s not even sure Cas is technically his legal alpha anymore - and they still don’t know where the law stands on that, or whether his debt to the Refuge is paid off, or what Michael has done in the months since their disappearance - it would only complicate things further; so he doesn’t.
‘That’s not,’ begins Castiel, defensively. ‘It was never-’
Castiel sinks to his knees by the edge of the bed, his head canted to one side. He knows Dean doesn’t like being stared at, but he can’t help it: if it were permitted, he feels as though he might pull out a notebook and start taking notes, cataloging every movement.
He believes your story of, of rebirth and redemption, as Mary Magdalene before you fell to sin and was redeemed by Christ - he thinks it could be popular with the electorate, that it could reflect well on the both of you-’
The sick motherfuckers are gonna force him open, and they’re gonna laugh about how loose and puffy and raw he is, and they’re gonna act like that
She sits down at the table opposite him, then immediately remembers the coffee and stands up again to fetch it. ‘Must’ve seen something in you. Beneath all the bruising, anyway. I did say he was strange, didn’t I?’
No one tells Dean whether he’s supposed to sit or anything. He waits awkwardly, trying to drift to the edge of the walls like they might forget about him, and then the bizarreness of the situation gets too much and he blurts out, ‘Why am I here?’
Michael is standing directly in front of him, dressed in his usual tailored suit. Behind him - the lawyer, Crowley, and their mother. For a few moments, Castiel just stares at them, trying to make sense of the situation, and then he snaps, ‘What - why have I been-?’ and his mother clicks her tongue, as if disappointed.
The primary goal for his treatment is therefore to strengthen the currently defective sexual inclination for the opposite sex. Under his family’s influence, the Patient now wishes to pursue marriage befitting his station, but fears not only that he could have no love for a decent woman, but also that he might be impotent for intercourse with one.
Dean snorts. He is looking especially well-groomed today, freshly shaven so that Castiel can best admire the way the fading evening light touches his cheekbones, picks out the gold in his light brown hair and turns his eyes to green glass. His clothes, of course, are a fraction as elaborately formal as Castiel’s - his mother had his own suit sent up to the house, with strongly worded directions not to wear his usual coat, a state of affairs Castiel is still uncomfortable about. For all that he grew up in the perfect dollhouse that was the Milton family home, he became so quickly accustomed to the outside world - dirtier and erratic and undisciplined as it is - that to return feels like having to hold his breath. His family may not especially like the necessity of Castiel’s time in the field, so to speak, amongst the voters and parishioners and painfully ordinary people, but they understand it. Castiel thinks they might understand it less if he tried to explain his own fascination with such people - the way they care for each other or loathe each other, feel things so intensely, act on foolish impulse and hunger and
When he tries to explain a small amount of this to Dean, sitting beside him in the carriage on the way up to the Milton House, Dean nods knowledgeably and says, ‘Oh. Your dad skipped out.’
‘Okay.’
‘What would the job be?’ says Lisa.
The stupid thing about these heats - apart from the fact he has them, some messed up genetic mismatch and his own body’s inability to figure out that
‘I’m making me do this,’ Castiel points out. His brother rolls his eyes so melodramatically that his entire head gets tossed back too. ‘I need to - confront my failings. The physician would agree.’
‘There’s evidence, Castiel.’
‘Castiel has been training an unfortunate for rehabilitation in society,’ Anna says. ‘He is quite the Josephine Butler.’
She squints, sympathetically. ‘It’s pretty bad.’
‘Yes,’ says Michael to Crowley, as if Castiel can’t hear him.
‘A ward? Your charge?’ Gabriel suggests. ‘I can keep guessing, but you’ll get annoyed.’
see exactly why not. They’ll absolutely hate him. But,’ he leans back over into Dean’s personal space and dips a finger in the bowl of batter, and Dean gives him the sort of stink-eye he used to reserve for when Sam was being especially annoying, ‘it
‘Clean up nice, don’t we?’
‘Apologies, mother,’ he adds.
‘Mr. Milton,’ she says, smiling faintly.
He is invited to what is described as a family meeting, with Michael in attendance, at 4pm. That’s - new. Perhaps he has pleased them, with his new discipline.
you,’ Castiel says, thrown by the ludicrousness of the suggestion. ‘He is hardly a - he would never be as - don’t be
‘About Michael?’ He gets to his feet, not moving from the porch steps, as if it’s his house. ‘Cause if you’re going to try and drag me off while Cas is away, you’re going to be real disappointed about how
‘You’re not in trouble,’ he says, which makes Dean want to laugh.
‘Jesus,’ says Gabriel. ‘First of all: terrible. Secondly, stop doing that. Is Dean honestly still at mother’s?’
she can see the fear in his eyes.
He reads, and something he does not know the name of grows inside him, a heavy sort of dread. As if part of his soul has been cut away, or - no, not quite. As if it is going to be. And he knows it, and he must continue, and he must do what is right, and what is right will tear Castiel in half.
Hands reach for the blanket that’s bundled around him; Dean makes a wordless sound of injured protest as the topmost one is pulled back, clinging onto it.
It’s an easy deal to make, though. The guy even shakes Lisa’s hand when she agrees, like she isn’t a lady or an omega. His carriage is waiting down the road, out of the way so no one looking out of their windows nearby will realise he’s here for Cas, but he doesn’t seem in any hurry to get back to it - very quickly he’s perched on the edge of the kitchen table, reminiscing about his time with Cas in the seminary in a way Cas insists is inaccurate, and then both alphas make a point of heading into the study to look at some of Cas’ books in order to leave Dean and Lisa alone to say their goodbyes.
need a hint. He sits down, grateful for it.
The cane swishes through the air and hits him in a long line of lightning.
‘What does that mean? You didn’t send him back?’
‘What d’you mean by a medical examination?’ he demands, roughly.
Dean’s loose-limbed and weary, trusting the black mare to follow the trail - she’s a darling, clever thing, dusty from the road now but still bright-eyed and sure-footed. He twists a little in the saddle to throw Cas a questioning look.
‘No,’ says Castiel.
Dean glowers. ‘I’m six one.’
‘Nothing. Did you just unhinge your jaw?’
Dean is fast, but Castiel is faster, and he sees the punch coming a mile off. Before he has the chance to think, he feels his arm snap forward - Dean has pushed back against the table, wrenched his arms free, fist flying - and Castiel catches it, wrenches the wrist back painfully; he hears Dean yelp, but then he is struggling violently against Castiel’s weight, and instinctively Castiel throws one arm across his neck and slams him down on his back against the kitchen table, hearing the pained noise as the air is knocked out of him, the urgent wheeze -
Dean lets himself be pulled to his feet, and this time he doesn’t attempt to fight, even though Castiel doesn’t dare turn his back to him or look away in order to retrieve the leather cuffs from the kitchen floor. He must be aware that he is vastly outmatched, how easily Castiel could break his arm or cripple him, knowledge that Castiel hates.
Something creeps, low and fearful, in Castiel’s stomach. The rooms at the hospital had been locked like this, for his own protection: the handful of times he had been seized with panic or rage and attempted to lash out, they had bound his arms around himself in that terrible jacket and returned him to his room until he calmed. He remembers relatively little of it, which is a mercy - that they had asked him over and over again about Dean, although they hadn’t used his name, and the awful terror of saying the wrong thing. Had his mother been with him, the first time? Had she escorted him to be admitted, and watched them lock him in?
‘You can,’ says Castiel, and then appears to change his mind halfway through the sentence, ‘I mean, I’ll get you some clean clothes to wear.’ He pauses a second, then makes his way out of the room; Dean can hear his footsteps as he climbs the stairs.
.’ He circles around Dean assessingly, too close. He’s practically a head shorter than Dean, but moves with untouchable confidence, like he’s enjoying his advantage. Dean concentrates very hard on not pouring the whole jug of buttermilk over his head. ‘Livened things right up. Loving your instincts.’
Cas pulls away, and everything inside Dean - brain and body and soul - screams a protest. He struggles, hard, against the vice of Cas’ hands around his wrists, lets it pull against the muscles of his arms, lets his body thrash to close the gap between his own chest and Castiel’s, pants hot into the thin rift of air between them, and Cas is saying, ‘Why- why are you-’, his voice so rough and low and lost, so deep Dean could drown in it. So deep he wants to.
They do this now. They’ve done this often enough that Dean’s lost count. Back at the beginning, those first few weeks at Bobby’s when privacy was hard to come by, most often the best they’d get were stolen kisses out by the barn, or rutting silently against each other once they were sure Bobby was sleeping, or quick and dirty handjobs when he went out to the general store - that kind of thing. Cas had still been kind of shaky on the whole thing - he’d panicked that time Dean got them both off in the outhouse, bodies pressed together in the enclosed space as they ground their hips and gasped and eventually came messily in their pants. Afterwards he’d gone very pale and nervous, and Dean had made a show of patrolling the grounds around them to prove that nobody was there - that nobody could’ve been listening in.
‘I hope you like it,’ he says, not because he expects Dean to like it, but because yesterday he had imagined guiding his new omega into the little room and saying, ‘I hope you like it,’ and perhaps, perhaps exchanging nervous smiles with each other. ‘I’ll be in my office downstairs for the rest of the afternoon.’
‘He’s not
‘Yeah,’ says Dean, trying to breathe properly, ‘yeah.’
‘You belong to Michael now,’ he whispers. It’s neither a yes or a no.
The waiting photographers and journalists blockading the front of the house are all on their way inside now for Michael’s victory speech, a river of black suits, and the shape of Cas’ tan coat cuts through them in the opposite direction. Dean tightens his grip on Cas’ hand and gasps, ‘Run, fucking run,’ and then, ‘I knew - part of me always-’
He had forgotten about that. ‘Oh-’ and now he moves again, at last, circling round the long table to where he left the omega, suddenly ashamed. Dean stands up to give him access to the cuffs, where his hands are still fixed behind his back, and Castiel steps in close behind him, conscious of the line of Dean’s neck and the breadth of his shoulders, the way his head bows, just enough that Castiel can imagine him praying. He smells good - better - calmer, now. For the first time, Castiel can pick out the undertones of his scent beneath his distress; something warm, cinnamon-spicy.
‘That’s fine, Dean,’ he says.
Notes based upon the report of a female nurse, with whom the Patient has developed a friendship. She reports the Patient has spoken further with her about the omega male first mentioned in consultation on July 14th, although the Patient has declined to give further details about this omega in any sessions since then, before today. The Patient speaks of his great concern for this omega’s welfare, and otherwise refers to him as if describing a mate bond, although he denies such a relationship exists. He experiences great guilt around the existence and perversion of this bond, and confirms a sexual relationship of some sort has taken place, though his concern in this regard is primarily its impact upon the omega male.
‘I’m very funny. You have no sense of humour.’
- pulls him physically several inches down the bed - and sets himself between them, pressing his face in close.
‘I’m not spying.’
Hilariously, “Can’t see a hole in a ladder,” was 19th century slang for someone who was very drunk, but I wanted to use it so badly and I think it worked to describe Cas' mental state.
‘Dean,’ says Cas, sounding like himself for a second, like Dean’s being difficult on purpose. ‘Just do it.’
‘Mother,’ Castiel greets her, ignoring this.
of your life’s gonna be real fucking boring?’
‘It’s not
!’ says Castiel. ‘I wanted you to kneel to pray!’
‘Sheet off,’ says the doctor.
He doesn’t.
He tries not to look over, but he can hear the rustle of paper and imagine her eyes widening. ‘Oh,’ she says, softly, and then there’s another quiet rustle as she spirits the card into her copious skirts, like a pebble sinking beneath the surface of water.
‘They need a strong hand, Mr. Novak. They are easily led, lacking in natural intellect, vulnerable to hysteria. Withholding food may be enough to teach one a lesson; here in the Refuge we find solitary confinement effective. You mustn’t be afraid to whip them.’
‘Don’t take them down to laundry,’ the housekeeper is saying, ignoring him. ‘He’ll be clear in a few hours. They’ll want-’
‘I said I couldn’t knot you, I didn’t mean you couldn’t-’
Mis-step.
‘So, yes.’
‘They ever let you stand up outta that thing?’ he says, without turning around.
Dean feels his shoulders lock up. He wishes, suddenly, furiously, that he hadn’t lied about knowing where Cas was.
Chapter specific content warning: One character has a panic attack that goes unaided/unacknowledged, another dissociates as a trauma response.
Is Cas pressing kisses to Dean’s forehead? He’d better fucking stop it, or Dean’s gonna start crying again. It’s going to be the least sexy thing anyone’s ever seen. Heats are already gross and messy and - well, damp - and Cas has never even seen one before. He’s not going to want a repeat, at this rate.
‘I deserve it,’ he chokes out, barely audible, and Cas is shaking his head
Patient admitted at 1.45pm, July 10th, in visible distress, requesting treatment for perverse sexual impulses and unnatural desire. He was escorted by a family member, who admitted to great concern for the Patient’s mental state and spoke to evidence of recent instability, with which the Patient readily agreed. The Patient was immediately admitted and escorted to a solitary room in order to calm his agitated state, under supervision of a nurse, where he spent the night following his physical examination.
‘Dean,’ says Castiel, moving to stand in front of him.
Where is Dean?
Not a morning person. Right now, Dean doesn’t feel like any kind of person.
clear thing in his vision, as if God has adjusted a lens and turned everything else out of focus - and his eyes are on Dean too as he rushes for the door. Nobody is looking at them, not when they’re looking at the exultant crowd or the tearful wives or the next four years of power. It’s only ever been about power, and Dean doesn’t care any more, because he’s moving as sure as an arrow through the mass of bodies.
of all times, after everything-
It’s deliberately intended as a dismissal, to rile him up, so Castiel ignores it. ‘I’ll leave the Bible here with you.’
The Patient is very intelligent and, in all respects, of masculine appearance, with no obvious degenerative signs. In dress and manner he presents nothing that would attract attention, but that he would be considered handsome. Gait, deepness of voice, and skeleton all masculine in character. Genitals of normal development. The normal growth of hair for an alpha is abundant. He confirms that his latest biological season took place at the start of June of this year, and was of ordinary length and regularity.
They’re all looking at him. There’s something wrong about it; Castiel wants to think about the situation properly, but his brain shies away from it, from the space in his mind in the shape of a man. If this is so straightforward, he thinks, then why are they all watching him like this?
His hair is almost completely vertical, his voice so gravelly it sounds painful. He looks like a fucking idiot. Dean adores him.
‘Still.’
The body moves away. Dean presses his eyes closed, exposed, tries to focus on the solidity of the table beneath him, on his own heart beating in his throat.
‘I am,’ says Castiel, primly.
And Dean chooses him.
‘I want you,’ says Cas, earnestly.
, Cas. You wanna hear that? You want me to cry about it, “shit, please forgive me Castiel, sorry I’m such a fucking piece of shit asshole, please can I still go to heaven?” Sorry I’m such a - sorry I had to buy food for my fucking brother, sorry I couldn’t stop ‘em, sorry I did what I was told, sorry for all of it - that what you want?’
He’s startled to learn, eating breakfast from a neatly set tray in his bedroom, that his brother Michael is staying at the Milton house for a handful of days at present - Zachariah lets himself into Castiel’s room to inform him of the fact, slid carefully in between affable, generic questions about Castiel’s mood and his health. The two of them have never been close; the age difference meant that they had seen little enough of each other when Castiel was a child, and by the time he had been old enough to pay attention, Michael had long since joined the army and been occupied making a name for himself. After the war, he had been away at college, several states away. Even after Castiel had presented as an alpha - faintly surprising, for an isolated, oddly intense child that everyone seemed to find vaguely disconcerting - he had never had Michael’s easy knack for holding power. Michael had always got everything he wanted, and Luc had always wanted the opposite, and Castiel had always thought he was okay, personally, to settle for what he could have.
‘We don’t need to be,’ says Crowley straight away, too smug to be genuine. ‘He’s your prodigal son, I’m the guy who makes the deals, you’re the big fish in the biggest pond. Does anyone mind if I smoke?’ He doesn’t wait for an answer, which is just as well since both Michael and Naomi ignore this. Castiel sits down, at his mother’s gesture.
‘Jesus,’ says Dean. ‘Don’t give yourself an aneurysm.’
It doesn’t matter. Cas is his alpha, even without a bite. It’s his alpha who slides inside him, fits their bodies tight until they’re skin to skin, sweat sticking them together. It’s his alpha who ruts against him, rocking Dean against the mattress and gasping against the shell of his ear. It’s his alpha whose knot catches at Dean’s oversensitive rim, who pants and kisses and groans, ‘I love you, I love you, I love you-’ as he comes inside him, and holds him, and stays.
Cas hesitates.
Dean didn’t know it could be like this. He just didn’t know.
When Dean wanders over, sweat sticking his shirt to the small of his back, smelling sweet and spicy and enticing and faintly grumpy, Castiel does not try to prevent him from looking through the pile of books. There is little point. Dean takes the topmost one over to the armchair to flip through, but he only reads for a couple of minutes before he returns it; he takes a second, and does the same. Eventually he stands behind Castiel, so close Castiel can imagine the heat of skin against skin, so close the thin cotton barrier of their shirts is more a tease than an obstruction, and leans over his shoulder to study the book Castiel is currently reading.
It is either pride or insanity that has kept the windows from being opened, and the air in the room is as still and dense as a tomb. Mrs. Allen fans herself gently with a fan of pale lace. Castiel sweats still further.
Chapter specific content warnings at the bottom of the page.
him? What does
It’s a mild, clear morning, the early Fall crispness just beginning to creep into the air, on the day Castiel is told he is returning home.
‘No,’ says Castiel.
Dean shrugs again, uselessly. He keeps thinking about the look on Castiel’s face, outside the church, when the nicely dressed ladies had all been staring at him in horror and Cas had looked like - betrayed, or hurt, or like he’d hoped Dean could be something and was realising all at once how wrong he’d been. However angry anyone had ever been with Dean - and plenty of people had been plenty angry - he couldn’t think of anyone who’d ever been
‘Yes,’ he says. ‘I- not a great deal, I live alone. The charwoman comes in most days, but I prefer to live privately - modestly. It’s a source of contention with my family; this is… something of a compromise.’
Dean licks messily across Cas’ scent gland. ‘I know. Thought you were gonna last about fifteen seconds. Ten if I breathed on you too heavily. Still good.’
He can’t bring himself to knock at the door - it’s his own home, it’s too strange - so he goes directly to the church instead, with Gabriel trailing after him. Castiel did not invite Gabriel with him on this errand - he assumes his mother did - so he also assumes that he is still not trusted to go about his business without a chaperone. If either he or Gabriel finds it somewhat backwards to have a beta escorting an alpha around, neither of them say so.
‘I wanted you to be prepared-’
‘Don’t!’
They say ‘home’. Castiel is fairly sure they don’t mean his home - not the little house beside the church, with its neat porch and green shutters; he asked about it, early on, when he still asked about things, and was reassured that his work duties had been taken over by Inias full time. Mostly likely, then, Inias is also living up at the house. It would be the most practical solution.
And Dean isn’t.
‘Hell is
‘You came here looking for
‘No, I know.’ She hesitates. ‘I thought you knew it was me. I thought you saw me earlier-’
Dean’s stomach drops to his knees.
‘I plan to educate him.’ Castiel can feel a flush creeping up his collar. ‘Teach him the word of God, the value of hard work, I - it’s none of your business. Why are you here?’
‘He had grown sick - had been in the tomb for four days when Jesus arrived in Bethany to meet his sisters.’ Castiel tastes the quote in his mouth, savours it. ‘
‘So you’re gonna watch me.’ He pulls himself upright, yanks the tray towards him, and takes the biggest bite of bread Castiel has ever seen in his life. ‘What?’
‘Why are you doing that?’ Dean says, louder.
‘You came straight here?’ Castiel is asking now.
‘We do,’ says Castiel, bemused. ‘Our family
‘I said,’ he snarls, ‘that I didn’t want to hurt you.’
Whatever: Castiel and Jody come back like ten minutes later, and Dean’s still in the same spot they left him.
Castiel puts Bertha down, and she flaps away peaceably.
But she knew he’d help. Maybe because he’s a fool for a pretty girl, or maybe because Dean can’t see a lost cause without trying to help - trying to
First hypnosis treatment for the Patient. The hypnotic suggestions were as follows:
‘My grandmother keeps a bible and an apple in her trunk. Now you can choose a ‘c’ word.’
‘You’re supposed to be,’ says Castiel, defeated.
It’s so unexpected that Castiel chokes, and then he realises that Dean is laughing, and he ends up just staring at him again, eyes wide. By rights, he should be scandalised, but he isn’t - he’s not entirely sure he understands the joke, so there’s that - and there is something unfathomably beautiful about Dean in these unguarded moments. It takes a minute for Dean to recover, and then he throws Castiel the faux-annoyed expression that he has learned means, ‘
‘I’m going to have a drink,’ Balthazar decides.
‘Yes, Alpha,’ comes out of Dean’s mouth, of its own accord. He slams his lips sealed again, annoyed.
His stomach flips. It’s an odd sensation.
‘Hoping I’ll tell the family? Pass it around town a little, that your pet’s not going to be sitting down any time this week? I will.’ Dean watches him from under his eyelashes, assessing. Gabriel’s voice hasn’t changed, his smug expression certainly hasn’t changed, but maybe there’s something else beneath his words all of a sudden, like he’s offering a favour and trying to sound like he isn’t. ‘There’s ladies out in town would pay good money for you to give ‘em a thrashing, Cassie, just for the record. You’re wasted on this thing.’
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean swallows the lump in his throat, and it hurts.
Dean rolls his eyes. ‘Yeah, I got it.’
Chapter specific content warning: Dean tries to bait Cas into physical violence as a way of trying to punish/self-harm, as an outlet for his guilt.
‘I’m not going to,’ says Castiel, annoyed, without thinking.
?’ says Cas, all petty and bitchy and outraged. ‘You
‘Oh my god,’ says Dean, gripped with horror. ‘Oh my
‘I can go back to it.’
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean snorts. ‘You ever seen me writing a letter?’
There was a mouth pressed against his own, the last time he was here. There were soft, needy, desperate noises being panted hot and humid against his skin. God, he can’t think of it. He doesn’t even remember the end. He doesn’t even remember leaving, just - the white fog, the bliss of sin, and then the way fear and shame had rushed back all at once like the tide coming in. He had walked, perhaps? All the way to his mother’s house - too far, normally, for a journey on foot, but he must have done it - and God only knew what he had told her. He prays it wasn’t - everything. Even his mother would most likely have rather seen him hang if he had told her everything. If he had told her how beautiful it was. He would never have been given a second chance. He has been so lucky to get a second chance.
‘That’s not how teeth work.’
,’ Gabriel says again. ‘Look at him!’
Anyway, it’s not the done thing. Dean’s said worse - that whole first week they knew each other, he’s not sure he said much to Cas beyond ‘fuck off’, and to be fair, it had felt pretty valid at the time - but this had felt different. He can’t shake away the expression on Cas’ face, printed on the back of his eyelids every time he blinks, when Dean had said he’d rather be dead: like he’d been knifed in the guts. Like that hurt him worse than saying he’d rather
He sits down next to Dean on the shore, and Dean says, grumpily, ‘You’ve seen me naked.’
They both stare at each other for a second, and then, unexpectedly, Dean laughs. It’s restrained - he catches himself before the noise can get anyone’s attention, clamping his mouth shut - but it is as if the sun has risen across his face, in the quick flash of his smile, in the creases at the corner of his eyes; and Castiel just gazes at him, sure his own mouth must be hanging open.
They stay there in the cold for a few moments, motionless, as the phone inside starts to ring and quickly gets snatched up.
JULY 24th 1890, CASE NOTES: PATIENT 401.
Dean wants him to look, that’s the problem. He doesn’t say so - it’s not helpful - but he figures that the only thing weirder than jacking himself off in front of an audience is jacking himself off in front of an audience who have their eyes closed. ‘I can just ignore it,’ he offers, through gritted teeth.
He glances desperately at his mother; she is looking at him with the most naked disgust visible on her face.
‘No, I know,’ Dean is keeping his voice low, but he
Moving out to the cabin had changed things. Maybe that’s an alpha thing - he feels like he’s got his own territory now, or something - or maybe it’s just that Cas knows fuck all about sex and doesn’t know there are certain things that alphas just don’t
‘What?’
‘Dean,’ says Michael, sharply, cutting through the noise.
She narrows her eyes, studying him.
‘Okay.’ He drops a kiss on Cas’ temple, then untangles himself from the blanket with difficulty in order to roll over, while Cas presses his teeth to the nape of Dean’s neck and the line of muscle leading down to his shoulder. He doesn’t leave marks often - sometimes sucks bruises into Dean’s throat like claiming bites when he’s caught up in the moment, or nips just hard enough to make Dean whimper and writhe - but even the graze of teeth against skin turns Dean lax and pliable most of the time. Sometimes Cas murmurs, ‘
‘Do you wanna fuck me?’ asks Dean, deliberately.
There’s no sign of Cas for the rest of the week. Dean doesn’t know what they do over at the hospital - well, they’re all rich, maybe they’ve got telephones, or something - but he knows better than to think they’ve not somehow let Naomi know of Castiel’s absence from his latest appointment. It’s stupid - Cas is a grown man and an alpha - but then, Dean had never imagined they’d be able to so thoroughly strip his power from him in the first place. So for all he knows, Cas is getting a nice long week of waterboarding or needles in the brain or whatever the fuck they do to him, and he’s never gonna touch Dean again.
She’s quiet for a second.
He lets himself out, turns the key in the lock just as he found it so that Dean is secured, and pads barefoot through the house back to his own bedroom.
Castiel stares at him. ‘What?’
Cas releases him with a soft pop. Dean’s cock twitches; bounces obscenely against Cas’ pink mouth for a second.
, which explains the stifling quiet, even here in the halls. He wonders what the young woman with the coffee might have done, had he spoken to her.
‘Okay,’ says Dean. ‘Okay.’
; might have got bored and wandered off into trouble,
Cas says, ‘I’m not going to hurt you,’ and Dean almost sobs. The heat of Cas’ thigh between his own is the only thing he knows; he tries to shift his hips again, tries to hold onto the moment before Cas gets up and leaves.
‘Please,’ he says, gesturing into the church. They’re standing in the vestibule at the very entrance, and Castiel has not burst into flames yet or burned out any of the lights. He’s not sure it might not yet happen, though. ‘You’re welcome to come and look around. I haven’t made many changes - people like what they’re used to, as I’m sure you know.’
It lasts until they get inside the house, and Castiel pushes him through into the hall, and then his expression sort of cracks and he’s just looking at Dean like he’s never seen him before, and that’s worse.
pheromones like the world’s skankiest smoke signals, and even the British guy - a beta, seems like, so his sense of smell can’t be anything much - has wrinkled his nose against the stale air of the room, but Michael’s breathing in deep and easy, like he’s
Michael?
‘Slavery is illegal, darling. I believe you all had a big war about it?’
‘I don’t know you,’ he says, softly.
‘Sam,’ Sam corrects, and then, ‘No, I know, I just-’
(See the end of the chapter for
Or the chancel, where they stumbled over the steps up to the altar, where he-
His mother coughs a little, the sort that means Castiel has misjudged the level of small talk required.
‘Because he’s an asshole!’
Iron poker from the fireplace. It’s a decent weapon, should he need one.
‘You don’t have to-’ begins Dean with an effort, just as Cas blurts out, ‘I don’t think I can-’
The patient is responding well to hydrotherapeutic treatment, which he appears to enjoy. Electrical stimulation and aversion therapy scheduled for twice weekly sessions, beginning tomorrow.
do is cause further trouble for your brother.’
Since Dean has started having nightmares - or at least, since Castiel has been aware of them - he has been thinking of this pursuit regularly. It might not settle the anger he’s been carrying around, but he can’t help thinking that cold water might help strip some of it away. There is a certain purity to the activity, to the way that - when he dives deep enough, and for long enough - his lungs burn, purged of air and rage and grief. He emerges from the water clean and sober and more holy.
‘That’s not the reason,’ he says instead.
At this point, he doesn’t especially care who.
It is a hot summer morning when Castiel is next summoned to the Milton House, a thin layer of sweat coating his forehead and the back of his neck. It is too hot to wear his usual coat - he knows full well that his mother will tell him so - except he still does, because to be without it would feel almost like nakedness, or like walking into battle without armour. Naomi has sent the carriage out to collect him especially for the purpose of this visit, which strikes him as ominous; he admits to being more comfortable in Gabriel’s more modest coach, although Gabriel has been somewhat evasive as of late.
He does ask to say goodbye to his nurse, Meg, before he leaves, and his request is granted. They approve of this friendship - they consider Castiel’s positive feelings towards a woman a sign of great progress, although Castiel has never had the slightest dislike for women in the first place - and it’s to his advantage. Meg is, objectively, a relatively horrible person. He is deeply charmed by that; by her prickliness, the way she wields a power she does not, by rights, possess. Castiel isn’t sure he’s ever made a friend before, not really, not all on his own. He’s proud to have done so.
His eyes track the movement of Dean’s hand on his dick. Dean picks up the pace, curls his wrist a little over the head, like he’s making a show of it. He lets his knees fall a little further apart, glancing up to Castiel’s face.
‘My-’ Castiel rolls his eyes, ‘my rut. I suppose you’d call it. I wanted to warn you in advance.’
The man steps a little closer, cautiously.
‘I’ll miss you,’ says Cas, earnestly.
‘Sir?’
It’s not a subtle hint, but he’s still surprised - after he’s changed for bed, and is rinsing his face in the wash basin on the dresser - when Castiel comes into his room again.
‘Just cause you’ve got a million books - I can read them, you know. If I wanted to I could. Not - well, I wouldn’t read this one,’ he tosses down a rather lengthy ornithologist’s study of the Western meadowlark, ‘but I could.’
, Cas is fucking him with his tongue - and he hiccups a warning just before he comes that Cas ignores.
‘Thank you.’
‘He’s alive,’ Dean breathes. ‘My family. Sam. I’m leaving.’
‘One of the bitches threw something at me,’ says an Overseer. Dean’s expression doesn’t change, but his eyes shift sideways, showing the whites. Castiel wonders if they’re friends, the omegas here. It hadn’t occurred to him that they might be.
Gabriel is quiet for just a beat, before he laughs.
He doesn’t, apparently.
‘You can think about it,’ says Sam.
Some concerns have been expressed by the female nurse with whom he is close; she reports that his mind often wanders and he appears periodically disoriented. However his character remains fully intact; she describes him outside of consultations as a gentle, sweet-natured man, particularly as his tendencies towards nervous excitement and neurosis abate.
‘Okay,’ he says, and then Castiel steers him back down to the floor, turning him to face him, and is wiping a thumb across the glaze of tears that Dean did not realise were on his own cheeks. Dean tries to cover himself with his suit jacket; he lets his head drop forward, so it’s half-supported by Castiel’s shoulder, and mumbles, ‘Jesus, Cas.’
It is very helpful, having a family so dedicated to tradition and propriety, because one only has to read a handful of etiquette books in order to almost always know what to expect from a social event. In this circumstance, Castiel is seated opposite Uriel - no familial relation, although he has worked so closely with the Miltons for so many years he is nonetheless included in these dinner parties - with Anna at his left side and his cousin Hester to his right. Somebody has hand-lettered little cards with their names at each place setting, all the way along the great sweeping table, and elegantly arranged clusters of fruit and fresh flowers are placed at careful intervals.
His eyes meet Castiel’s. He shrugs.
‘Why were you fighting?’
‘I didn’t know what I was doing.’
Chapter specific content warning: Threat of sexual assault/medical abuse. I promise it's only a threat, but it's explicit and deeply homophobic, and Dean doesn't know that. Panic attacks.
,’ Dean snarls, as Cas says, ‘A scent trail wouldn’t last that long in the open air,’ because Castiel is apparently immune to jokes and very dedicated to scientific accuracy.
Dean swallows. ‘Uh. I mean it’s - I want it, obviously. My body wants it. I just - I usually just - get myself off, or fuck myself with,’ he waves a hand significantly, ‘and that takes the edge off. It don’t kill me, it’s just not the same exactly.’ He licks his dry lips. ‘I know I’m not supposed to do it. Like, that it’s sinful.’
‘I like them,’ Castiel repeats, more firmly.
So logically, Michael’s not here to rape him right this minute, at least not if he’s brought other people with him, but - if he’d been here any earlier, even a few hours, Dean wouldn’t have bet his life on it.
For just a moment - a fragment of a moment, dream-quick - Castiel lowers his face to Dean’s neck, where it is damp with whiskey and sweat, and Dean feels the brief, wet heat of an open mouth at his scent gland, tasting his skin. It sears like a brand. His mind turns white hot.
‘Good.’
‘It’s just for today,’ Castiel clarifies again. ‘They’re Gabriel’s - like when he sends over the carriage. I usually walk, but I know it’s… I’ve been informed that my idea of a short walk is not one shared by the general population. I assumed you could ride.’
Lisa’s dark eyes are darting between them. ‘You mean - help me?’
Very softly, a hand meets his hip, large and warm. Dean doesn’t breathe; there is a person behind him, as close as can be without touching, and every hair on his body stands on end as if reaching out towards contact. The hand drifts to the button of his pants, as slow as can be, to thumb it free; and then the next, and the next, and then its thumbs curl under the waistband of Deans pants and underwear and ease them down over his hips in one impossibly careful move, until he feels the air against his bare skin, until he feels the heat of the body - so close - that is not touching his.
‘I’m not getting rid of you,’ says Castiel again, and for a split second Dean flinches, thinking he’s read his mind. ‘Dean, I’m not. You can stop.’
He hears the tail end of his mother saying,
Cas considers it. ‘Then I don’t mind. I can’t find the toasting fork.’
Also, I apologise sincerely for this chapter.
It’s almost midnight when someone knocks on the door.
He bucks upwards; one hand scrabbles for Castiel’s arm at his neck, and something in Castiel snaps, forces him higher up against the table until Dean’s feet kick urgently to find purchase against the floor, against anything. Why does he keep
There’s a small pause, and then Zachariah says. ‘
‘You want me to change?’ Dean confirms, and Castiel nods, holding the clothes out for Dean to take.
‘Is he likely to run away?’
Well, he’d survived it.
Cas doesn’t answer; Dean tries to shift to look at him without tugging at where they’re joined, and makes himself wince anyway. ‘Cas.’
‘Where I work,’ says Castiel, like Dean is the stupidest person alive and hasn’t figured that out yet.
Cas glances upwards, pleased.
He is, indeed, somewhat bow-legged, but they’re as long and well-muscled as the rest of him. Castiel looks away.
Dean’s standing at the kitchen table the next morning, making cornbread to a handwritten recipe supplied by Jody, when Castiel and his brother enter the room, deep in conversation. Castiel’s brow is furrowed and his shoulders are stiff; when he sees Dean he misses a step but recovers quickly. In contrast, Gabriel’s eyes light up at the sight of him, like an animal scenting prey and anticipating a game, and he coos, ‘Deano!’
Chapter specific content warning at the bottom of the page.
‘Dean.’
‘I thought that was what you wanted,’ he says, and this time, he sounds pathetic.
‘Yes. Well.’
Perhaps that’s true, Castiel thinks from time to time. Simply because he - the youngest and least central to the family political sphere - is not privy to that information, does not mean the information does not exist: perhaps his mother or Michael, as the eldest son, are still somehow in contact with his father. They behave as such. And so, Castiel behaves as such as well.
‘Are you his - Castiel’s - wife?’
‘When?’
’ like he’s barely even aware he’s doing it, but they don’t talk about that. They both know all the reasons that can never happen: a mating bite is a surefire way to get caught.
OKAY SO. First of all, thanks to everyone who's reading this, it means a huge amount and your comments are incredible. I wanted to include a quick note with this one because of how strongly people responded to the last chapter; I obviously knew it was a big moment, but I was still startled by the extent of the reaction. I answered as many as I could, but just to reassure people: I'm very conscious when I'm writing that Dean is a lifelong abuse survivor, and that his thought processes and survival mechanisms are not healthy things, and I promise this isn't presented uncritically or going to go unexamined. I hope his readiness to forgive Cas wasn't triggering or excessively upsetting, but it got a much more visceral/emotional response than I anticipated (which is a good thing, and thank you all for being so invested), and I also hope I'm able to get across (without it being some sort of weird justification of abuse and terrible decisions) that Cas is trapped by societal expectations too, and also has fucked up views and thoughts he hasn't confronted yet. It's definitely a different reading experience going chapter-by-chapter rather than in big chunks like you'd read a novel or a finished fic, so things aren't always going to be addressed straight away, but I do intend for them to be (and I hope I can do so successfully). If you think I need to include more specific warnings in the tags or in my chapter-specific content warnings, please let me know, it's no trouble at all. But otherwise, thank you again <3
It’s the closest he can get to asking. He thinks Cas must know that.
‘You can’t do that,’ he says. His voice doesn’t sound like his own.
Castiel’s eyes slide towards his brother.
Cas has never seen an omega in heat, Dean’s distant brain supplies, a couple of minutes late. He’s a gentleman, the closest he’s ever gotten is - well, also Dean, that first time at his house. He’s smelled it, probably heard more than he ever wanted to, but now he’s faced with Dean huddled half-naked and covered in a sheen of sweat and - yep, okay, already getting hard again - and he’s standing there on the very brink of the circle of candlelight like he’s about to face a firing squad.
‘Stop trying to make eye contact.’
Even Castiel picks up on his mother’s glare, although Anna sits blithely, as if she hasn’t. Naomi coughs. ‘Castiel shares his brother’s interest in social and political reform. Based upon Christian ideals, of course. He is assisting in the matter through providing temporary employment for one such charge, providing a religious education, and so on. I believe that is all there is to the matter, Castiel?’
‘I said
He is much troubled about his sexual perversion, and wishes to be freed from it at any price. In our initial consultation, the Patient appeared in despair, and frequently begged for pardon from God.
When he arrives at the house, sweating inside his suit, he is led immediately to the drawing room, which is something of a relief. Anna still favours the conservatory, which he imagines must be like an oven at present. His relief lasts until the beta servant announces him at the door, and he finds three women waiting for him inside: his mother, Anna, and one he does not know.
‘Dean,’ Cas says. ‘Please stand up. Will you?’ His hands are at Dean’s hips again, trying to pull up the loose cotton underwear without it touching the marks on his rear - eyes carefully averted, like maybe he’ll burst into flames if Dean is indecent for a second too long and Cas has to witness it. Dean flinches violently every time the fabric so much as breathes against him, but he tries to help. There’s no way the pants are going back on, though; even the thought of it is agony. He tries to detangle himself from them, toeing off his boots and stumbling.
The room erupts.
Rather than one with a black eye and a foul mouth.
Balthazar’s look of delight just grows.
Dean’s expression hasn’t changed. They both sway slightly, as the carriage jogs them.
He looks immediately as though he regrets saying it, although Castiel doesn’t take offence. It would be very difficult to become annoyed by Dean right now, limp-limbed and satisfied and unguarded.
‘Please,’ Castiel interrupts. ‘Please, I can’t go back to the asylum. I can’t - Mother, please.’ He turns back to her. ‘Please, it will - I’d sooner-’
‘Thank you,’ says Cas, awkwardly, his voice slightly muffled as he rummages through Dean’s stuff. ‘I still think you need to be comfortable, though.’
‘He means that if you’ve been subjected to sodomitical activity,’ says the doctor, clinically, ‘there will be observable evidence. Signs of inflammation, abrasion, contusion, discoloration, looseness or dilation of the muscles around the sphincter-’
‘He didn’t fucking save me,’ Dean snarls. ‘You did.’
‘Say you’ll come back,’ he says aloud. His voice is thick with exhaustion.
‘Cas,’ the man pants, licking the closed seam of his mouth as if to coax him open. ‘Cas, buddy, you with me?’
‘I wasn’t.’
‘I’m sorry,’ says Cas.
He is moving away from the entrance hall, towards a small passage that Castiel is aware leads to the billiards room, although he has never spent much time there. There is a small washroom opposite, the sort with its own water closet. Perhaps that had been Dean’s destination.
Summary for if you want to skip this part: Dean is taken from his room shortly after his heat breaks, and brought to Michael's office along with Michael, Crowley and a doctor. He's threatened and coerced as they attempt to gather evidence against Cas, and threatened with an invasive medical 'inspection' so they can prove they've had sex. Dean has another panic attack and confesses he and Cas have slept together, but he's very confused and just trying to prevent himself from being assaulted further. He admits to having sex with Cas in the church before Cas admitted himself to the asylum, but says Cas didn't know what he was doing. At the end of the chapter, the housekeeper arrives and passes on the message that Cas would like to make a deal with Michael and Crowley.
For a moment, he is wildly disorientated: the light is wrong. The dormitories at St. Mary’s are West facing, slow to leak grey light in the mornings, so the first thing he is usually aware of is the Matron rapping loudly against the door at the crack of dawn, and the footsteps of other omegas as they scramble from their beds. Dean is not used to privacy, has never had any; has very rarely woken up alone with a long shaft of sunlight falling across his bed in the relative quiet, except for whoever was rattling the bolt on the other side of the door and is now shouldering their way inside. He looks, instinctively, for a weapon, but there is almost nothing to hand - a wash basin and pitcher, a vase, and, stupidly, the little fucking Bible - so he is kneeling upright on the bed with nothing but his own clenched fists when the woman enters the room.
Michael sniffs. ‘He’s still fighting it. Don’t make me repeat myself again, Dean.’
‘I know,’ says Castiel, and he knows there’s a deep crease between his eyebrows now; he stares across at Dean, at a loss for a further response. ‘I wasn’t mocking you. I don’t think you’re simple-minded.’
Michael shushes him, and Dean falls silent, shaking.
On the armchair, Dean exhales deeply. ‘Nah, it’s - I don’t know where he is, now. He definitely doesn’t know where I am. He was, uh, he took off West right after he presented. Wanted to study law, get an apprenticeship or something, I don’t know how it works. He turned out alpha, so he could’ve done it, they’d’ve let him. And he was smart.’ He corrects himself. ‘He’s smart.’
‘You do this a lot?’ says Dean eventually, chewing.
Thank you again for reading! 'All My Desire' is coming soon <3
‘I didn’t mean - that!’ says Castiel. He takes a step back, away. ‘I didn’t mean for you to-’
Castiel stares at him.
‘Ah,’ says Castiel, flustered. ‘Hardly.’
and he - he called Lazarus out.’
The alpha squints at her, and nods. He’s still wearing his hat and overcoat; he follows Jody through to the parlour, and Dean stays where he is, unmoving. Is he supposed to make coffee for him, or something? Is he supposed to lower his eyes, or call him ‘sir’ the way he used to call his dad, or trail around after him?
‘You taste very good,’ he says.
Dean thunks his head against the tabletop, with some difficulty given that he’s still holding onto the compress..
be if not for her... illness; seated at the table beside an alpha husband. Still a decorative pet, but the highest ranking of them.
anything. And if they’re trying to ruin Cas like he thinks they are, that’ll do it. That’s enough to brand him a sodomite, and that’s - whatever, maybe ten years in jail or something, assuming they don’t just take him out back and pretend a gun went off by accident.
He releases the cuffs and lets them drop to the floor, and Dean’s body twists -
Sure, he’d seen it, in between witnessing some weird fucking fight between Castiel and his brother, and then getting the shit beat out of him. Dean’s only been awake less than ten minutes and he’s already tired. Luckily Jody isn’t waiting for an answer; she’s already pushed her shirtsleeves halfway up her arms and heaved a large coffee pot onto the range to boil, and is retrieving a skillet, presumably for the aforementioned eggs. She’s talking the whole time, but in a business-like sort of way, kind of brusque, which sort of helps.
SEPTEMBER 18th 1890, CASE NOTES: PATIENT 401
The sound Dean makes is something between a snarl and a barking laugh. ‘Fuck off,’ he says, too-loudly, and it comes as such a shock that Castiel just stares at him. Dean pushes away from the chair, stumbling back to his feet, skittering away. He does not seem quite able to catch his balance; his swings blindly on the spot, looking at nothing. ‘Fuck off,’ he repeats, and the edge to his voice catches in the still air like a ragged thumbnail against a loose thread. ‘No he doesn’t. No he fucking doesn’t. What are you saying?’
He wishes Dean would stop looking at him like that. He wishes Dean would stop looking at him.
‘Dean?’ he says, voice gravelly.
‘Your what?’ he says, with difficulty.
(See the end of the chapter for
The Matron is a stately woman, a beta, wearing a ferociously starched apron. She clicks her tongue to get his attention, in a way he doesn’t quite like.
‘It’s me,’ says Cas’ voice from outside. It’s low, deep as always; he sounds reassuringly like himself. ‘Dean-’
The hall he steps into is surprisingly large, a high-ceilinged room with tall, arched windows that send morning light pouring across the rows and rows of tables and benches. Someone - several someones - have clearly been set to scrubbing the wooden floors; a cluster of enamel buckets and scrubbing brushes lie abandoned underfoot, and that is because in the centre of the aisle two staff members are attempting to restrain a furiously thrashing man, fists flying, snarling in such a way that Castiel assumes he must be an alpha, must work here, until one of the Overseers hits him so hard across the face that Castiel hears the crack of fist against bone and realises - realises this is one of the would-be penitent sinners. Around the brawl, other omegas are shouting; a pretty brunette woman picks up her scrubbing brush and throws it full force at the Overseer in question in a visibly desperate effort to draw him away, and another grabs for her arm and drags her back.
Castiel practically swallows his tongue. If he had been drinking, he would have spat half of it into the lake. ‘I - is that - I don’t think you should call yourself that.’
In the 19th century, the postmaster was a political patronage job and their political affiliation played a role in it, which is why he might prioritise appeasing an influential political family like the Miltons. I can't find any 1890s photos of the Lawrence post office, but here's a cute one of the interior about 20 years later! https://www.kshs.org/km/items/view/219388.
‘They haven’t done anything with the place,’ Castiel points out, before he can stop himself.
Dean lets his head fall to Castiel’s shoulder on the ride back up to the house. It’s mostly because he knows Cas will like it - god, he’s got to stop thinking this shit though, hasn’t he? Not if it makes Cas think Dean’s just enduring him - but there’s also a rare and relative safety to it: they’ve both been rained on enough that their scents are unlikely to cling. Cas turns peaceful with it, anyway, at least until they’re in sight of the house and he gets this anxious jitteriness about him, like there’s static electricity in his skin. They’re gonna get in trouble - they’re both gonna get in trouble - and Dean wishes, more than anything, that they didn’t have to go back.
‘We have a few here,’ says the Matron. She is starting to sound annoyed at him, as if she’s wishing he’d move on and let them deal with the trouble. ‘Most of them are trained. This one is a nasty one.’
The new guy sighs, like Dean’s disappointed him personally.
Wait, what?
A footman in a gleaming uniform leads him to the drawing room to announce his arrival. For all Castiel’s natural familiarity with the house itself, it has been - well, a year, he supposes - since he last attended any kind of soiree: he is not used to the noise, the number of people, the ladies in elaborate gowns like little caged birds, and the gentlemen in almost identical black evening dress coats. He has never liked crowds; the capacity to overwhelm, the fact that extraordinarily few people in them ever seem to be enjoying themselves. Even now, there is a hollowness to the festive atmosphere, the carefully-appropriate small talk, the straight backed way the room’s inhabitants move.
He nods. ‘To discuss - salvation.’
That could mean anything. It could mean anything, really.
Dean wakes with a start to the sound of someone trying to get into his bedroom.
Cas should leave, but he doesn’t. He doesn’t. He doesn’t.
He does. He’s lost a little of the hollow-cheeked gauntness that’s always been a side-effect of his irregular - and often entirely forgotten - eating habits. While he still only rarely asks Dean to prepare a main meal during the day, even just the new routine of breakfast in the morning and a supper tray at his desk in the evening has made a difference. He thinks - and now perhaps he is indulging himself - but he thinks Dean quite likes having someone to take care of; so although Castiel is mostly indifferent to food, he makes a dutiful effort to eat whatever Dean brings him.
‘Oh, no you don’t,’ she says, furiously. Castiel rotates on the spot, tries to start moving back down the street, but she hurries after him. ‘No you- Castiel. Tell me he’s not back in that institution. You remember the state he was in when you brought him here?’
(See the end of the chapter for
He does.
‘Hang on,’ says Dean. ‘So, what, he just left? Is that allowed?’
The man is a beta, a higher ranking servant - Castiel is aware of the servant tax on beta domestic workers than means fewer families can afford them. He is a status symbol, then. The man bows when Castiel approaches.
‘Yeah - yeah - in the - the church before he went away.’
Jody laughs out loud. ‘No, sweetheart, I’m not his wife. You’re going to be looking around this house a long time if you’re expecting to find a wife. I just work here. This way; you see the kitchen yesterday?’
‘I could make it better for you,’ he says.
‘Oh.’
‘Stop it,’ Cas growls again, and he’s close now, close enough that Dean can feel the heat of his breath against his skin, close enough that he can tilt his hips towards him to make Cas flinch, close enough that when Cas jars the bottle again Dean’s mouth chases after it, messy and needy and fucking pathetic. Amber liquid splashes against his collarbone, runs down the neck of his shirt.
Find your own terrible Victorian joke generator here! http://www.victorianlondon.org/joke/random.htm
like it,’ says Dean, slyly, and Castiel recoils.
, Cas is holding his
‘I mean - in the hospital.’ He rests his chin on the edge of the bed, still staring at Dean. ‘They showed me pictures of - men, together. Doing unnatural acts. When they were - were-’ The room, with the electricity. He doesn’t remember the details of most of the plates - they’re a grotesque blur, designed to make each act appear as repulsive as possible, to intensify the nausea created by the drugs in his system - but he remembers the image of a man with a swollen knot at the base of his member, face contorted as he was penetrated. ‘I’d never even thought of most of it,’ Castiel adds, mildly.
Michael barely reacts. ‘Of course I could,’ he says. Not like a threat, just a statement, comfortable in its own power.
for someone - for anything. He’s delivering the tray to Michael; he’s sent upstairs to pass two versions of a statement along to another newspaper, and Anna is on the other side of the hall watching him; he’s hot and tired and the tension in the house is a physical weight.
‘I could do it,’ Dean says.
’ He inhales. Exhales. ‘
‘That’s not-’
Dean steps forward when the other omegas do, to smooth a snowy white napkin across Castiel’s lap and pour water into Castiel’s glass. He is noticeably a half step behind his peers, and his actions are graceless, but - foolish as it sounds - there is something oddly endearing about the effort he’s expending. Castiel wants to look upwards, meet his eyes as Dean’s broad, callused hands brush whisper-brief over his thighs, but he resists.
‘When we-’
‘You came,’ says Dean. His limbs feel wobbly, like his whole body’s trying to get him to lie down.
The dinner itself passes without incident. Uriel discusses the growth of the Populist party in forbidding tones that call for very little input from Castiel, who makes occasional assenting noises while trying to concentrate on his mock turtle soup and privately feeling that such political discussion is probably improper in mixed companies, although neither Anna nor Hester seem reluctant to engage with it. He dines on sweetbreads and pork cotelettes, and roast turkey with bacon and brussel sprouts, and by the third course - the table is being set with Charlotte pheasants, delicate tartlets of apple sliced so thinly as to look like roses, little glasses filled with coffee cream, and an elaborately shaped blancmange in a shade of palest pink - can barely face anything more. Afterwards, the entire party retires to the drawing room for tea and coffee, where the servants have lit hundreds of long candles, glittering and flickering in the tall mirrors along each wall so as to feel infinite. A quadrille band - they must be well established, although Castiel is unfamiliar - provides musical accompaniment.
‘D’you mind me talking to you like this?’
He drops his arm. Pulls back. Dean doesn’t move. He watches Castiel, wolfishly.
‘I didn’t,’ he says again, more urgent now. ‘I-’
It’s too much. It’s too much kindness, more than Dean deserves, more than Dean should be allowed; he stands up abruptly, so that Castiel’s hand drops away. He’s angry, suddenly, and Cas just keeps on being patient and sympathetic and tolerant, as if there’s nothing wrong with Dean at all. But there is. There is, and he wishes Cas would hit him, suddenly. He wishes Cas would slam him back against the wall, arm an iron bar against his neck, or pin him against the table like he did that first day, when he’d demonstrated the shocking amount of alpha strength concealed inside that lean body. He wants Cas’ weight against him, his hand around Dean’s throat until Dean’s eyes are red and tears and snot leak down his face and he has to beg for breath, for mercy, for forgiveness.
Patient too distressed for consultation.
it, Jesus Christ. ‘I’ve been wanting you to touch me. Nothing that’s gonna freak you out, just - like if you could-’
He puts the pen away.
Dean accepts them. ‘Yeah,’ he says, getting to his feet. ‘Yeah, they’d like that.’
Dean tries real hard not to be obvious about it these days, but sometimes it’s hard when he sees Cas first thing in the morning, all grumpy and disheveled; he turns to look at him, making an effort to keep his smile small and private. He still sometimes thinks it’s insane that anyone can look at them without realising what they mean to each other - Cas is the same, panics in crowds sometimes after one of them looks too-fondly at the other, like he thinks it must be written across his face and someone’s about to swoop. It’s why they stay out of the main town most of the time: when it’s busy Cas gets all blank-faced and shaky and out of it, and it makes Dean’s chest ache every time like someone’s stuck a knife in it.
‘I don’t want to hurt you,’ he says. Dean ignores him.
‘I can back-date the pay I would have owed you,’ he says, trying to work it out. ‘It wasn’t your fault - or if you’d prefer me to speak to Inias; I’m sure he has his own staff but it might be that-’
‘Such is my belief. I fear too many charitable causes focus too heavily on the suffering many undergo here on earth in our physical bodies, with too little reflection upon the eternity of torment that awaits our souls after death.’ The words come out automatically. He has said them many times before. Only now, with the sickness within him, do they make him shiver. ‘There can be little - there can be little here on earth that is worth the price we shall inevitably pay for our sins.’
. When he gets closer to pass Castiel the glass, he tries to slow his breathing in the hope it’ll make his scent kind of soothing or something. He knows some omegas can do that; calm an alpha down just by deliberately making their scent go soft and reassuring. He’s never had cause to figure out how to do it, though. Their fingertips brush as he hands the glass over.
‘No,’ Dean says, desperately, clawing for air. ‘No, I don’t know, he didn’t know what he was doing, I don’t know.’
He’s kind of taken aback when both brothers fall silent, like he didn’t really expect them to take him seriously. He shrugs, defensive. ‘What? I
Remembering himself, Castiel turns around to watch Dean climb down after him; with his hands cuffed behind his back, he struggles to keep his balance on the thin step and pitches forward. Castiel catches him by the shoulder to steady him, and gets glowered at for his trouble.
He’s British, Dean realises, belatedly. The accent is pronounced, jarring - Dean has certainly never met enough Englishmen to be able to narrow it down any further. He must still be living in Kansas, most likely, to have gotten here so quickly, but - Dean realises he is just standing there, staring, when the guy smirks again and Castiel says, quietly, ‘Yes, he’s mine.’
He still doesn’t go further inside. He perches on a little rickety chair next to the door, instead, by the collection box, and bows his head.
There is a body, a little further up the hallway, tall and broad-shouldered, leaning against one of the panelled walls. It shifts, and Castiel realises it is not one person, but two - perhaps one person pressed against another - and hates himself for the quick bolt of dread that sparks in his stomach, the idea that Dean might have been… whatever Gabriel called it,
‘I think you’ve played attendant to a few too many-’
Even on this side of his heat, it would be enough to make Dean slick again if he were any less dehydrated. He freezes, horrified, trying to shake away its lingering effects. Cas had believed that Michael would never lower himself to - whatever he’d called it,
The following therapeutic measures are to be employed for this case:
Cas kneels on the end of the bed facing him, and pulls Dean to his chest very carefully, so that Dean’s face is buried in the crook of his neck; when he gasps a shaky inhale he gets a lungful of the night sky, of smoke and lightning, something wide open and endless and infinite. If he whimpers, so what, because Cas has wrapped his arms around him and it feels like safety; like he’s a kid and his mom’s still alive and he doesn’t know the world that’s waiting for him. He digs his fingers into the cotton of Cas’ shirt, presses his mouth to the hollow of his throat, sobs before he can catch himself; and Cas smoothes an awkward hand over Dean’s scarred back and makes soft noises, little indistinct attempts at comfort that he’s never needed to know how to give until now.
He’s never taken someone with him before, but perhaps Dean deserves the same opportunity.
‘-back into solitary, and I
‘My uncle’s alive,’ says Dean.
A second amber glow inside the house is moving closer. The two omegas stand frozen in the night air, bodies bracketing each other, barely breathing; a few yards away, Castiel pushes at the half-open back door, and stands there, framed against the darkness.
As a child, the Patient was weak and of a nervous disposition, occasionally suffering sleep terrors, which he outgrew. As a result of his delicate health, he admits to a sheltered childhood, and his deep interest in the Church and quiet occupations such as reading were encouraged by his mother, who ensured unsuitable or overly stimulating materials were kept away from him. Further discussion with the Patient’s mother may be required to confirm this, but the Patient reports his understanding that he was an unusually unresponsive infant, often failing to make eye contact or respond typically to visual stimulus, and was slow and repetitive when learning to talk. These developmental delays appear to have disappeared around the time the Patient learned to read, although he admits to experiencing discomfort as an adult in unstructured conversation or unpredictable situations, which he takes pains to conceal.
Neither of them speak again until the carriage delivers them outside of the station, and then Castiel is busy fussing with tickets and timetables, trying to keep a tight grip on the chain between Dean’s cuffs. There is about forty minutes to wait before their train arrives, which is long enough to visit a street coffee stall for a cup of something that tastes like unsweetened gasoline, and then they find a long bench on the platform and Dean sits silently radiating hostility while Castiel tells him an assortment of interesting facts about the railroad.
It lands like a physical blow. Castiel feels his head snap to the side with the impact, blunt and hot, and the sting that follows.
Had she asked them to do so?
‘-Castiel’s not had proper servants since he lived with his family, and I’d swear he’d think this kitchen floor is in perfectly acceptable condition right now, so the good news is he’s not likely to be too strict about that sort of thing, but he’s pretty easy to win over. Likes his coffee so strong you can chew it, forgets about mealtimes so a good dinner’s a surprise every time, spends all his time in his study but can’t build a decent fire for love nor money. He’s a queer sort of man, but you get used to it.’
the social interaction.
In Kansas, 1855, sodomy ("crime against nature") was made a felony with a penalty of "not less than ten years". In 1859, this was changed to "not more than 10 years". Even in case studies such as 'Psychopathia Sexualis', patients almost never admitted explicitly to anal (or oral) sex and generally just mentioned mutual masturbation or intercrual sex acts, or ambiguously alluded to it - the book was first published in Germany where the law was different to the States, but I assume this was still a factor. Even when it is mentioned, the book is so prudish that it'll often lapse into Latin if it comes across something it considers too extreme.
He snorts. ‘Thanks.’
‘I don’t know your name,’ he reminds her. ‘People keep forgetting to tell me their names.’
‘And I love that. If I may?’
This time when Castiel follows her, it is in something like a daze. When he glances back at the dining hall before leaving, it is as if nothing has happened. The omega women are scrubbing the floorboards, their eyes on the ground. He wonders, faintly panicked, if he has made a terrible mistake, but by then he is being walked back through to the handsome receiving room, being handed a stack of printed pamphlets (‘True Alphas and Proper Omegas: An Instructional Guide to Omega Care and Rehabilitation’ reads the topmost one; when he turns it over, there is an advertisement for Phineas Jones’ Fine Carriages on the back), and the Matron’s nasty smile is back in full force as she passes him Dean’s papers.
‘Cas,’ he says, again. His voice sounds different this time.
Dean slouches back in the armchair, helping himself to the nearest pile of books, presumably so that he has something to criticise. ‘Sam. Sammy. He’s, uh, he’s four years younger than me.’
‘Your mother mentioned finding an appropriate match for you.’
,’ says Dean, furious. ‘Fuck off, you just
he’d have to, like she wanted to make him admit it. Her eyes track him, and she says, ‘Perhaps you would sit with me on the bench, then,’ as if it’s a compromise.
Naomi nods, understandingly. ‘Eventually. But, Dean, you can’t expect him to be the same. You have to think about what’s best for him. Castiel understands that. He wants to get better.’
He stops resisting for just a second, just enough for Cas to start loosening his grip, wide-eyed, and then bucks away. It’s an inelegant, frantic scramble more than anything else, and Dean loses his balance and pitches against the kitchen tile, spilling more whiskey across the floor and his own hand, but then he’s scrabbling for the door, for the hallway and the staircase, and Cas is on his heels - Cas is
Castiel stares at him.
‘Butter’s in the pantry,’ says Dean, which Sam ignores. He’s frowning slightly, glancing back towards the doorway.
For a moment, they are both quiet, and then Dean says, ‘Are you gonna undo these cuffs?’
Cas makes one of Dean’s favourite faces, the one with the squinty eyes and his mouth in a flat line. ‘Would you be any more polite if I did?’
‘Real American dollars.’
You can listen to the pioneer song 'Starving to Death on a Government Claim' here at the Library of Congress: https://www.loc.gov/item/ihas.200197141/ - this specifically is a 1941 recording sung by Vance Randolph, who learned it in Kansas in his youth.
Previous intentions are to discharge the Patient into outpatient care after September 4th following what would then be eight weeks of inpatient treatment. This has now been extended for two additional weeks at the request of the Patient’s mother.
‘You’re not going back to the asylum,’ his brother says, speaking over the top of him. There is something satisfied in his face, in the wolfish curve of his smile. ‘It’s a felony, Castiel, and there’s evidence. You’re going to jail.’
The term 'gunslinger' is used historically for the Old West, but that term only originated in the 1920s - at the time they'd have been more commonly called 'gunmen'. I have only watched one (1) Western in my life (okay, yes, it was Tombstone) so Wikipedia is doing a lot of the heavy lifting here.
Chapter specific content warning at the bottom of the page. This is the grimmest chapter of the fic in that regard (things will improve from here!), please take the warnings on board and skip if you need to.
‘Cas.’
‘You should rest,’ Cas is saying. ‘Sleep, for a few hours, maybe.’ It’s the middle of the day, but it really doesn’t sound like a bad idea. ‘Dean. Come on, you can go upstairs. Leave the pants here.’
‘Sorry,’ says Dean, under his breath. ‘I tried to get you a proper drink, but I think it’s just ginger beer or some sh- something.’
He presses his mouth closed.
‘Why, cause the
implied expectations. Or maybe hope.
‘I didn’t mean-’ the words tumble out before he can consider them. ‘Cas, I didn’t mean to-’
He considers this. It does, to be fair, begin with ‘C’. He’s about to decide that he’ll allow it, when Anna snaps, ‘I won’t talk about it if you don’t want me to.’
It’s the second night in a row that Castiel backs out of Dean’s bedroom, cautious and faintly scandalised. It’s the second night that Dean hears him slide the bolt closed on the outside of the door, although maybe tonight it’s for a slightly different reason, like Dean’s gonna start following him around trying to defile him or profane his honour or something. Tonight, Dean lies awake on his back on the bed, and wonders if Castiel is in his own room now. On his own knees, praying.
The word
He glances sideways and finds Anna, seated at his left shoulder, watching his face with a curious expression. He wonders whether she is thinking what he finds himself thinking: that but for the circumstances of her birth, the family’s wealth and class, she might be standing behind them against the rosewood paneling, a decorative pet. Then again, this is Anna: perhaps she might prefer that. Perhaps she sees no difference between that, and what her role in society
She doesn’t mention - anyone else.
,’ she says. ‘I was
‘Sir,’ says the man. He’s got his hands in his pocket, careless, like he doesn’t know or care who Castiel is. Castiel thinks he likes that.
‘He skipped out. Left you. What, rich people don’t do that?’
‘He was in a - oh, well, in that case, Cassie, I revoke my concerns; he’s a catch.’
With no small effort, Castiel pushes down his rising temper. He grabs the chain between Dean’s cuffs and stalks forward towards the front door without slowing his pace, so that Gabriel is forced to dart out of the way - which he does, because for a beta who constantly forces confrontation, Gabriel really hates confrontation - and Castiel is able to finally shoulder his way back into his own house.
There is a meeting room inset from the library on the west side of the house - a long, dark wood table lined with chairs, where (Castiel imagines) his father used to do business. It is easy to imagine interchangeable men in expensive suits, lined up around his father like disciples, undoubtedly putting the world to rights. Oddly, as a child, Castiel never really wondered what this business might be - politics, he supposed, if pressed - or what power his father actually wielded, although the existence of it was undeniable. Even without ever knowing the man, that power still lingered.
Castiel releases Dean’s wrists. Dean does not move his arms, not an inch. He’s not sure he remembers how.
Dean’s angry, suddenly. He’s been too disoriented to get there so far, and now it hits all at once. It’s not new to him, being treated shitty and no one telling him why, but it’s harder to shoulder after the last few nights of kindness. ‘
‘Not too far at all,’ his mother intervenes. He squints at her. ‘Mrs. Allen takes on many charitable pursuits that call for her to travel, isn’t that so?’
,’ his voice is different. Like he’s sad.
- and then the sudden heat of his grip, the whites of his eyes, the way the chill of the open air hits them like a physical force and Cas just drags him through the doorway. They skitter out onto the porch, and stupidly Dean feels something like laughter tear itself out of his throat, something reckless and feverish with hope and fear, and Cas is saying, ‘Dean, Dean-’
It takes him a moment to realise what Dean is referring to, and then Castiel looks down at his hand as if he has never seen it before in his life, and holds up the little book, bound in black leather, so that the candlelight picks out the silver detailing on the cover.
The irony of Cas getting locked up for fucking Dean - the guy who can’t even look at Dean half the time these days without having a panic attack - after all the other men who’ve fucked Dean and gotten away with it cause no one gave a shit, and Cas being the only one he actually
He hadn’t thought about it, when the telegraph boy handed it over. That’s the insane part: that Dean is so anonymous now, in his pressed uniform, that no one questions him. He’s just got to walk the few yards back and forth from the front of the house to the main hall, over and over, all night. And he does: he hands Michael the results for Lenexa and El Paso - he’s never even heard of them, but based on the tiny numbers on the cards only a couple of hundred people live in either place - and nobody asks any further questions.
It is only seconds, but it feels like forever. It’s a dark November night, and perhaps they’ll never be safe, but his mouth fits to Cas’ like it’s meant - and it
Balthazar shrugs. ‘No point sending a letter ahead. You said it was urgent, after all. Anyway, the opportunity for a dramatic nighttime caper? Always too exciting to pass on. And of all the people to tear up the rulebook, Cas - you were probably the one I least expected.’
Rainmaking was a thing, and very fashionable at the time! https://www.kshs.org/kansapedia/rainmaking/12179
He bows, a little awkwardly. ‘Mother. Ah- hello, Anna. And-’ he hopes this is right, ‘-Mrs. Allen?’
‘Is this for a sermon?’
?’ Dean says incredulously, when Castiel mentions this. ‘Walking? Alone? And then you have to come all the way back again afterwards?’) but there’s a lightness to the mood that is unfamiliar. Castiel has not spent much time with friends - actual friends, not family, and not Gabriel, who is a bit of both but also a colossal pest - since his years of theological study and education, and even now most of his contacts are just that, professional contacts. Balthazar had been a friend, a good one; although from what Castiel has heard in the years since, he has since left the church entirely, a concept that makes Castiel shiver. He knows Dean is not his peer - God, not by any stretch - and that if the omega tolerates Castiel’s presence, it can surely only be as a tactic to secure his own safety; but Castiel can be, if nothing else, useful to him, and if that is what Dean wants, then it is what he will provide.
,’ a third time, and this time it fills the room like the word of God.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘I’m gonna,’ Dean gasps, hoarse, ‘I’m gonna kill you-’
Resuming the previous day’s consultation with the Patient, following an evening of rest and taking in the water cures at the baths: the Patient today appears much calmer and willing to discuss his history of contrary desire.
‘Okay,’ says Sam.
. ‘We do fundraising through the church to help the needy, where we can - bazaars and dinner parties, collection boxes, that sort of thing. Perhaps - selling small crafts and handiworks, I’m sure you’re familiar with the sort of thing.’
If Cas chooses to stay, Dean will go anyway. He has to. Castiel is kind and strange and confusing and clever, and Dean wants him. He wants to make fun of his dumb books, and mess up his hair, and kiss the sharp line of his jaw, and keep him safe from everyone who thinks Cas is broken, or sick, or a deviant. Wanting things is new and complicated: the thing about having desires, all of a sudden, is that as soon as he recognises them for what they are, they burn in his stomach and pound in his bloodstream, nagging and desperate to be realised. But if it comes down to it, Dean’s got to save himself.
a trick.
‘It depends.’ They begin walking again. ‘On the severity of the crime, on the repentance of the omega in question. I have little patience for repeat offenders, myself. Have you disciplined omegas before?’
‘No-’ he starts to say, like maybe Dean’ll have forgotten, and Dean snaps out, ‘Uh, yeah, I was
, and he kind of wishes he could talk to her, try to crack through that porcelain veneer of perfection and know what she really thinks; whether she
‘Shit,’ he says. The night air is clear and cool, and the smell of it makes him think of Cas. ‘Look, you can’t come inside.’
‘He hasn’t,’ Dean grits out, ‘done anything to me. What are you-’
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel has never known his father.
‘Have you seen an omega?’ he says, faster than he means to. ‘He’s - well, he’s a he, so you’d probably remember. Quite tall, light brown hair.’
The Refuge is only a couple of miles from the railway station in Topeka, but when the Matron offers the use of their carriage to deliver them there, Castiel gratefully accepts. Within the space of fifteen minutes or so, Dean has been - presumably - hauled off to be scrubbed down and redressed in dry clothes; when an Overseer brings him back downstairs for Castiel’s inspection, his face is less bloody but looks raw and somewhat swollen. The man is holding him, tightly, by the back of the neck.
‘-because he knew you were intended for him. He knew God made you for him. ‘
‘You won’t,’ says Dean, around the lump in his throat.
‘I would like very much,’ Mrs. Allen says, once they’ve circled back around to the main street again, back to where the carriage is waiting, ‘if we could do this again sometime, perhaps, Mr. Milton? During your convalescence?’
It takes a long time to heat himself a bath, pan of water by pan of water, and he just sits in it for an hour or so, until he doesn’t smell like Cas anymore.
. Of course there was something going on. He’d just figured that Cas wanted something from him, not that he felt
,’ he says to himself, on the carriage ride over.
‘I’m serious, let me talk to him.’
‘Yes there - Cas, people don’t actually follow the rules.’
‘No,’ says Dean again, but not like he believes it. ‘No, come on, Cas. Don’t make me run away. Don’t make me leave you.’
It occurs to Castiel that they might be courting.
‘You should - clean this up,’ he says.
Dean rolls his eyes rather than answer.
The guy, the doctor, opens the bag. There’s something silver and metallic inside it that makes Dean’s whole body cringe instinctively.
‘They won’t,’ says Castiel, frowning. ‘It’s not that sort of - he’s more of a-’
‘And yet, having now reached a comfortable place in society, admired in your field, many would say that as a true alpha it is natural and laudable for one to keep a respectable household and exercise authority over one’s dependents,’ his mother suggests.
‘Want me to tell you?’
Cas glares at him. It’s not very convincing, because of the dick in his mouth.
He sits on Dean’s bed, that night, until Dean’s breathing smoothes out and his fist uncurls from the bedclothes; he kneels in the silent church at first light the following morning, praying; he makes his regular visits around town to those parishioners who require them, and guides them in prayer, in comfort, in reflection. The whole time, he is angry in a way he has never known before, like carrying around a loaded gun with nowhere he can point it.
Castiel doubts many alphas have ever tried it. It’s the wrong kind of deviance, as unnatural as it gets, lowering yourself to an omega’s role.
He closes his mouth around the head of Dean’s cock and bobs his head gently, slowly. Dean’s not too proud to whimper at the press of a tongue against his slit, or the way Cas’ cheeks hollow as he sucks.
Consultation with the Patient following fourth session of electrical stimulation and aversion therapy. This is the first time the Patient has been in a suitable state for dialogue following sessions, which appear to distress him disproportionately. It has been explained to him that this is in fact a most positive outcome: it is likely that these sessions will be most effective, based upon the extreme effect such therapies appear to have upon his nervous state.
The cold thought curls in his stomach that maybe this is - maybe this is it. Maybe this is Cas taking what he’d wanted, before he hands Dean over to Michael for good. It grows in his belly like nausea, the longer Cas goes without answering.
And here is Massachusetts St in 1890: https://www.kansasmemory.org/item/224105
In the darkness, he loosens the bolt on the back door as quietly as he can, pulling it back painfully slowly, until the door swings free just a quarter inch. He is barely breathing. Still no noise from outside - he waits another few moments - and then the almost imperceptible scuff of shoes as someone shifts their weight. A slight scent, something like crisp apple. Dean waits, half-crouched, until he’s sure he can pinpoint exactly where the person is standing.
The thing is, he can do the cooking and cleaning thing, probably. Not that he’s worked in a house like this for anyone before, but it’s only a stricter, cleaned-up version of what he used to do for his dad and Sammy. Make sure everyone was fed, make sure Sam’s clothes were patched so nobody would take him for some kind of fucking urchin, do whatever he was told to do on John’s endless crusade West from frontier town to frontier town, take a beating when he’d earned a beating. Even at St. Mary’s, he’d done alright with the chores - scrubbing floors, drawing fires, the endless laundry. God, the laundry had gone on forever.
There starts to be more noise the deeper into the building they go: the busy footsteps of several residents going up and down staircases, someone shouting something that might be instruction or rebuke a few rooms away, the hum of distant conversations. For the first time, it feels like people live here; an omega who looks little more than a boy leans through one doorway to stare at Castiel, then ducks hurriedly away, and Castiel thinks he hears whispering. The smell here is stronger than before - beneath the stringent detergent and carbolic soap, there is the distinct scent of omega sweat, too muddled to make out clearly from the too-numerous residents. Over-sweet and desperate, then a sharp thread of something sour, something unhappy. Castiel tries to breath through his mouth.
‘Take care of you,’ says Cas.
There’s a space beside him on the mattress where Cas should be. Dean can feel the shape of him, the weight of him, when he wakes, and he nuzzles into the pillow like Cas is still there and will feel it. The heat is still on him, but it’s fading - his skin itches to be touched, but without its previous urgency, and now more than the constant hunger he’s mostly aware of the soreness of his overworked body, the way his muscles have fallen slack, the tenderness between his thighs and in the crack of his ass where he’s been wet for so long. He’s fucking thirsty as hell. Maybe they’ll let him have a bath once he’s got the all-clear to be unlocked, and that’s a nice thought
‘And the dead man walked out of his tomb,’ says Castiel. This story usually goes down differently at his services. The audience usually - reacts. ‘For Jesus Christ has power over death, and those who believe in him receive resurrection. If you welcome God into your heart, Dean, he has work for y-’
It does not take long before they are both mounted, and Castiel is leading them out and down the pressed-dirt road of the town, towards the Southern trails. He is familiar with the route but the less confident on horseback, so it doesn’t take long before they are riding side by side along the trail in easy silence, sunlight hot on the brims of their hats. Dean has taken the black mare, and whenever the trail is particularly flat or open - or the mood simply takes him -  he nudges her into an easy canter, hips loose in the saddle, then has to wait up ahead for Castiel and the chestnut to trot after them. Castiel doesn’t mind this, or the way he sweet-talks the mare as they go, or when he breaks into frontier ballads that Castiel has never heard of as they ride. Dean’s voice is gravelly, and not always entirely in-key, but he is as unselfconscious as Castiel has ever seen him.
-’ while Cas buttons himself back into his suit, still trying not to look at him. It feels like Cas has kicked him, while he’s belly-up and exposed. He shifts an arm to cover his soft dick, then gropes for his abandoned underwear with the other, to try and clean himself off.
‘Your coat,’ Dean says, breathlessly, of all the things to say. ‘You got-’
Naomi clears her throat a little, making her way towards him. She doesn’t try to come up the steps or anything, the way an alpha would usually challenge him for the height advantage, and he doesn’t know what to make of that - whether she doesn’t want to challenge him, or just doesn’t want him to think she is. Her expression is very neutral, almost pleasant. Her scent is sort of - tamped back, or something? ‘Dean, I’m not sure what Castiel has said to you, but I can assure you nobody is going to make you do anything you don’t agree to.’
‘Don’t act like an animal, Castiel,’ says Naomi. ‘You’re a gentleman alpha. You don’t even want the omega boy any more, do you?’
‘Don’t run,’ he says, volume barely above a breath. ‘I mean it, he’s a day off his rut. Don’t run.’
‘I’ve only got the one sheet,’ Dean points out, breathlessly. Cas’ shirt has come loose at the back, and something inside him has zeroed in on it; he can get his hands under that, he can get his hands on Cas’ skin. Castiel catches him before he can manage it, tangling his fingers in Dean’s and holding him down with an effortlessness that makes Dean’s brain turn into static. ‘I’ve only got - I’ve got-’
anyone,’ he throws Gabriel a nasty look, ‘or embarrass you, if that’s what you think.’
‘Your name is Castiel?’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘It’s very straightforward,’ Crowley offers. ‘Sign here, sign there, seal with a kiss,’ - a joke. Probably? - ‘Bob’s your uncle, Fanny’s your aunt, Dean’s your brother’s.’
(See the end of the chapter for
Peeling himself away from Dean is impossibly hard. Castiel detaches himself some time before dawn and lets himself out, and Dean is too close to sleep to protest - or even really be aware of what’s happening - but it is like holding the blade of a knife to his own skin; every instinct in his body tries to keep him from acting.
?’ says Castiel again, like Gabriel is speaking in tongues.
‘A pillow,’ Cas provides.
‘Just a few things we need to iron out, now that you’re back in the fold,’ Zachariah says, sitting down. ‘Where, when, who, that sort of thing. Get you back out into the world, Castiel, as you should be. You said you missed your own house, didn’t you?’
The church is just a church. Dean’s not sure how Castiel wants him to react. It’s got church stuff in it: carved pews, tall windows, crosses all over the place. It’s literally just a church.
He knows
‘Blah blah blah.’ Gabriel finally moves away; Dean exhales and goes for a dishcloth to wipe down the table. ‘Yeah yeah. Noble intentions, zero imagination, I remember.’ He can feel them both watching him as he cracks a second egg, this time more successfully, and stirs it into the dry ingredients, like it’s all part of some intensely boring show. ‘Just saying.’ He turns back to Cas. ‘They’ll expect you to bring him.’
He chews, ferociously.
‘When my mother visited, the Sunday before last-’ Castiel begins, and Dean makes the barking noise again, something awful and pained in his throat.
The Vigenère Cipher was the only famous 19th code I could think of, lmao. It was created by Giovan Battista Bellaso in the 16th century, but named (for the wrong guy) in the 19th century, but wasn't broken until 1863. Something fun to consider next time you're fingering someone.
‘I am capable,’ he snaps.
‘Castiel.’
Unrelated to anything but tangentially to libraries (although this is a public one, so WAY less fancy), but I love this picture: https://assets.atlasobscura.com/article_images/28093/image.jpg
Fun coping strategies to deal with your horrible, shameful, very-bad wet dreams courtesy of 'Practical remarks on the treatment of spermatorrhoea and some forms of impotence' by John Milton (1854). These were the nice ones. After a while it just degenerates into like, 'STAB YOUR DICK WITH NEEDLES'.
anyone.
He blinks, and then nods. ‘Of- of course.’
He narrows his eyes, trying to think ungentlemanly thoughts.
The man crawls backwards a little, like he’s making a very great effort to do so. Castiel risks a sideways glance; his eyes are slightly unfocused, too.
‘I’ve got a few years.’
Cas doesn’t do it gracefully, obviously. He crawls up Dean’s body and flops against his chest, so that his own hard cock bounces against Dean’s thigh and makes him gasp out a surprised laugh, and then he takes Dean’s face between both his hands and kisses him deep and messy and wet, licking into his mouth so that Dean can taste the salt of his own precome.
He doesn’t make it the next night. It isn’t for lack of trying - he gets halfway through the house, barefoot, before he runs into the housekeeper just as he’s turning into a narrower hallway. She’s carrying a lantern of her own, and looks faintly startled to see him out of bed: Castiel makes some sort of excuse about bad dreams, and wishing to stretch his legs, but all the same she walks him back to his own quarters like he’s a child, and he does not dare make a second attempt. It just means that it feels like a long time - way too long a time - before he is able to see Dean again, and that’s probably why when Cas next quietly unlocks the door, Dean’s barely even aware of it. He’s fucking himself frantically through another wave, both hands on himself, splayed obscenely across the bed; Cas makes a short, startled noise, and Dean twists to look over his shoulder and gasps out, ‘Fuck, sorry - sorry-’
‘Cas,’ he says, again. ‘C’mon sweetheart. C’mon, come on, baby, come on. You know who I am?’
His mother comes in the carriage to collect him: it makes him feel like a child, but any sense of emasculation is quickly cancelled out by relief - that he is being accepted back by his family at all, that no one speaks aloud of what they must surely suspect took place before his admission to the hospital, that the world has not closed its doors to him entirely. Instead, she leads the conversation with practical updates upon his circumstances: that he will be living at the Milton house indefinitely, certainly during his period of rest and recovery; that he will be neither expected to work nor live independently in that time; that his outpatient visits to the hospital will indeed continue in the following months. She does not say explicitly - although even Castiel is able to deduce - that his condition has been kept a secret from the people of the town; the parishioners are under the impression he suffered from nervous exhaustion due to overwork, and had been sent away for a peaceful retreat to rest his nerves. All firmly agreed that such a thing was only to be expected of an alpha of his standing with no mate or family, and precious little in the way of domestic staff. It was not, after all, the natural way such a man should live.
She actually tips her head to one side, and the movement reminds him of Cas so precisely that his breath catches. ‘Not if you refuse. I’m just not sure you understand the situation outside of how Castiel has,’ she hesitates delicately, ‘perceived it.’
He wants to laugh. That makes
‘Very well,’ and when she stands, Castiel does too, tense for reasons he does not quite know how to verbalise, even in his own mind. ‘If you’ll join me, Mr. Novak, I’d be quite happy to introduce you to some of our more wretched souls.’
The fifth cholera pandemic of the 19th century took place between 1881 and 1896, and killed 250,000 people in Europe and at least 50,000 in the Americas.
He doesn’t really want to see anyone else, after that, but the following day his mother has arranged for him to take a walk along the riverfront with Daphne Allen, and Castiel is well aware of how it would appear were he to cancel. Mercifully, Anna has been sent once again as an intermediary, so they are able to take turns pushing her in her wicker wheelchair (Castiel is not used to days full of activity anymore, and he’s quite tempted to make use of the wheelchair himself, although his sister ignores him when he suggests it). Mrs. Allen arrives promptly in a pale blue promenade suit - a little on the plainer side but for its lace detailing, but the effect is pretty. Castiel bows slightly in greeting, and is startled by the way her face illuminates at the address.
JULY 15th 1890, CASE NOTES: PATIENT 401.
He sneers. ‘You’re
‘They said you were in an asylum,’ says the man. ‘Your mom did. I thought they might - you just fucking - I should fucking kill you.’ He can’t seem to decide whether to attack him or weep. ‘You coulda stayed there for years, no one told me crap, no one told me you were back, and I-’
‘Fine,’ says Gabriel. His smirk has become rather fixed, but he doesn’t let it drop.
John Draper wrote 'The History of the Conflict between Religion and Science' (1875), and Andrew White wrote 'The Warfare of Science with Theology in Christendom' (1876, expanded as The History of the Warfare… in 1896). Lots of my sources for this section are from here: https://www.victorianweb.org/science/science&religion.html
He doesn’t have to look over to know that Castiel is doing his full-body eye roll, but he doesn’t actually seem mad; he’s too busy frowning as he tries to place the reference. That guy’s got to go to the theatre or something, sometime.
Dean’s past answering. He doesn’t argue, and when he sees his narrow, iron framed bed in front of him, he collapses face first onto it and passes out almost immediately.
‘The truth is,’ she adds, ‘I’m afraid Castiel didn’t put any arrangements or protections in place for you at all, when he left. I suppose he simply didn’t consider it. Dean, I’m so sorry to be the one to tell you this, but I-’ she hesitates. ‘I suppose I worry that your loyalty is misplaced. I’m afraid that he just doesn’t feel the same way about you.’
‘You know Mother will-’
He’s not sure how she’s doing this, but he has indeed stood up at some point in this little speech. She leans past him to smooth the blankets back down, and he stares.
Cas' sermon is based upon/partially lifted from Charles Spurgeon's 1855 sermon 'The Desire of the Soul in Spiritual Darkness', as featured in the quote. The whole thing can be found here: https://www.spurgeongems.org/sermon/chs31.pdf
much more sense. An unmated alpha moving an omega into his home, no other live-in domestic staff, all the over the top religious stuff. The hundreds of female omegas in St. Mary’s, and this guy had seen Dean taking a beating and been
Of course he doesn’t.
He’s sent on two more errands - one to the study, to fetch a file of papers and speeches, and one to bring Michael a drink - before he next gets outside.
Gabriel whoops with laughter this time. ‘One whipping and it’s all home baking and “yes sir”! You really are good, little brother. He’ll be a trophy omega by the end of summer at this rate.’
. What-’
‘Then divert your eyes, girl. He’s only an omega.’
‘I’d like that,’ says Castiel, immediately. He’s going to name the hell out of these chickens.
Her face clears. ‘Of course. The pastor?’
He shifts on the spot for a moment when Castiel doesn’t respond, then turns on his heel. Castiel doesn’t bother following him to the front door to see him out. Something buzzes hot beneath his skin. He does not want to look at Dean.
before; that Dean begged and kissed him and moaned Cas’ name and forgot to be fucked up and prickly and resentful at all.
In the centre of the room, his mother taps lightly on a crystal glass - just twice, a ringing sound that by rights should barely even be heard, but still renders the entire room silent.
Dean doesn’t look up from the skillet, but he says, ‘I don’t need to think about it,’ and it comes out gruffer than he means it to. He flips a slice over to brown the other side. ‘I trust Cas.’
, and that’s the
Dean’s been touched like that before, but he doesn’t think he’s ever been touched like this. No one’s ever held him, afterwards. No one’s ever seemed sorry. God, he’s so easy.
‘God,’ says Dean again, intelligently, touching his fingers to the corner of Cas’ lips. Cas hums, smug.
This is set five years before Oscar Wilde's famous trial for 'gross indecency' (here used to mean homosexual acts rather than specifically sodomy, which was a separate offence), but I used elements from it: at a bail hearing for Wilde, hotel chambermaids and a housekeeper similarly testified that they saw young men in his bed and found stains on his sheets.
‘Don’t see why not. Well,’ he laughs loudly again, ‘I
Dean goes cold.
They do not know that Castiel is broken, although he knows they may suspect. They do not know that there is a crack inside him, getting deeper, filling up with
This question is
His thoughts are on Dean during the journey. His thoughts are always on Dean, now. It is some sort of illness, he thinks. Some sort of sickness in his blood. Some sort of weakness he possesses that the rest of his family does not, that he dares not speak of for fear it will become all the more real. Instead, he recites scripture under his breath over and over as if casting a spell, weaving words around him, some sort of holy shield.
do that,’ he says.
Chapter Twelve: Did You Fuck the Michael Sword, Castiel?
The footsteps disappear.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘You’re not worried I’m gonna take off?’
Chapter specific content warning, though I'm not sure how to warn for it: Michael's scent effectively roofies Dean. Dean is placed in a vulnerable situation by someone with a lot more power than him, and isn't properly capable of consent. No sexual/violent assault, but he does feel violated by it.
Fuck, he’d been close. He’d been-
‘I tried to get you a proper drink-’
He looks down at himself. ‘What else am I supposed to sleep in?’
He’s got to ask where Cas is. He has to. His tongue feels thick in his mouth.
‘Yes,’ he repeats, hesitantly.
‘I let myself in.’
He gasps when Michael is suddenly upon him - the slam of a hand against the wall, and Dean’s back hitting it hard, so that the edge of the paneling jabs into his spine; Michael lets his scent off leash for just an instant, hard with rage and dominance, and Dean hears himself yelp. Michael holds his face close to Dean’s, dark and cold.
‘Ah,’ says Michael. ‘Of course. If I may just-’
‘You’re not mated,’ she says, bluntly.
‘Hello, Dean,’ says Castiel from behind him, and Dean jumps so sharply he bangs his elbow hard on the larder door and bites back the profanity.
(See the end of the chapter for
One day, Dean’s gonna fuck him. The thought kind of makes him shiver. Someone out there in the world must’ve done it that way round before, but it’s not something Dean’s ever even dared to think about.
‘May I come inside?’ she asks, and he shrugs and says, ‘It’s not my house,’ like she must have
The man is on him almost immediately, and he smells like sex. Castiel has never known how to identify this scent, although now in retrospect he knows he’s smelled it before: the man is on him, open-mouthed and half-mad, dragging Castiel down onto the mattress and crawling up his body to scent hungrily at his neck, groaning his satisfaction.
‘When you tried to run,’ says Dean, very softly, ‘where’d you go wrong?’
He doesn’t stand up.
. Biology wants what it wants.
He has already collected a large bundle from the lady at the General Store first thing that morning; he slides the brown paper parcel into the saddlebags of the chestnut horse, and flinches a little when it turns its head to see what he’s doing. Dean laughs, catches it by the bridle, says, ‘Sorry, baby, he shoulda warned you. Raised in a barn, this guy.’
‘I was,’ says Castiel. He’s still sort of hovering near the doorway, not sure if he should sit down yet. Anna watches him with a sideways expression, and gestures almost imperceptibly for the chair opposite, like she thinks he needs a hint.
He’s sitting on the little painted bench beside the chicken run, watching the hens fuss and peck at the dusty earth, when he realises a burly man - a member of the grounds staff, based on his workwear - is watching him, and raises his hand in a vague gesture of friendliness.
This is not unusual. The world is full of it; the town hums with it, and he sees more than most. His congregation fall over themselves to confess their regrets to him, their petty grievances, and all the time Castiel thinks about their sins - their real sins, the ink stains spreading across their souls that he tries so hard, each Sunday, to blot out. He holds the hands of dying men and speaks of repentance; he sits on wobbly wooden chairs and speaks to schoolchildren, low and urgent, of charity and humility. He reads by candlelight the sermons of preachers from Canada or England; lies awake thinking of the many thousands of people he wants so desperately to save.
The sun is still hot, but he can’t feel it. ‘Oh,’ he says.
‘You wanted to comfort him?’ Naomi repeats. Her expression suggests that’s almost worse. ‘Castiel, he’s practically an animal.’
‘Yeah,’ Dean breathes. ‘Yeah yeah yeah, I wanted. I wanted. Oh my god, you came. Oh my god, I look like trash.’
Dean is running.
He knows his eyes are too bright. He knows he’s shaking. But so are Castiel’s, and so is Cas. They’re standing too close together in the narrow hallway, none of the lamps lit, and Dean’s Sunday suit is the only thing keeping his body from splintering into pieces, and Cas’ breath is ragged.
Dean’s pressed up against it almost immediately, his sheets tangled around his legs. It’s locked from the outside, but he knows they leave the key in the lock while he’s in there. He hisses, ‘Who-?’ because he’s too afraid to say ‘Cas?’ and have it not be Cas, and damn them both.
‘He doesn’t plan to
‘He’s okay. He’s - let me talk to him.’
(See the end of the chapter for
The guy almost smiles. ‘Right. Alright, you come here. It’s - it is Castiel, isn’t it?’
That makes so much more sense.
Sam’s voice gets, if anything, quieter. ‘I don’t know, like - I don’t know.’ He hovers at Dean’s elbow. ‘You’re not gonna get in trouble for being, like - for back-talking, or whatever?’
He trails off.
Gabriel’s smirk doesn’t fade, but his honey coloured eyes do flit between Dean and Cas. ‘Hoping I’ll snitch?’
‘Uh,’ says Dean. ‘I mean, I’m not eight years old, so not really. It’s a made-up thing, right? It’s like a - like a story for little kids, you know?’
He’s distracted watching Dean take in the house: a two story building, about ten years old, covered in white clapboard. Castiel thinks it is pretty, but he’s been told that he has absolutely no eye for aesthetics - all the same, he feels a cautious sense of satisfaction when he looks at it now, trying to imagine it from Dean’s point of view. On the porch, between the neat white columns, is a little bench that Castiel dragged out there last spring, and the painted full length shutters in pistachio green, he thinks nervously, are - nice. It looks nice, he thinks.
. He feels his whole body go hot, clench up with pain and humiliation; Gabriel roars with laughter.
He goes for the liquor bottle, and Castiel says, ‘What are you doing?’
Castiel considers which question he should ask next. Either he is especially bad at conversation around Dean, or it’s especially easy to mis-step around him, and for some reason he desperately wants to do well. Naturally, he leaves it too long before his next response. ‘Are you still in touch?’
‘Fuck Michael,’ he says. ‘Fuck destiny, and fuck true mates, and fuck God’s will. I choose you, Cas.’
‘But I’ve heard you are yourself quite the philanthropist?’
‘I mean, I’d like to.’
‘I know they were!’ he chokes out. ‘I know they were, I’m not saying I didn’t - I went to him. Mother, forgive me, I went to him. His heats are - I wanted to comfort him, I took him blankets. But I didn’t - I didn’t break the law, not-’ he backtracks, ‘I didn’t.’
‘Was, being the crucial word,’ Balthazar adds.
Dean addresses the ceiling. ‘What, you’re worried I’m gonna starve myself?’
‘I couldn’t say anything!’ Castiel stands up, abruptly. ‘It was - I had doubts, the same as you! She informed me then of his interest in you, his formal interest in you, and asked me to continue with your training here while he-’
Laudanum was used as a cure-all medicine in the 19th century, was massively addictive, over-prescribed, and extremely easy to overdose on. Although its usage was so normalised, there was moral controversy around it (partly for good reasons, partly unfortunately the old anti-Asian racism and association with opium dens as a Chinese import). It's usually a tincture of opium and alcohol: although Kansas was dry at the time, the exception was medicinal purposes. All the same I did look at other recipes for stuff like Godfrey’s Cordial (also called Mother’s Friend), which was opium, water and treacle.
Dean’s not even sure how he’s still hesitating, not when he feels like he’s about to fly out of his own body. He’s barely still steering it. ‘Can you,’ he says, without opening his mouth properly, ‘Will you - they didn’t make you listen to the noises or whatever, that’s still okay?’
Behind him, Jody’s mouths, ‘He’s eaten. The bacon’s still good.’ Dean nods, distracted.
‘What?’
‘It’s a sin,’ Dean echoes, shrugging. ‘And it’s fu- it’s illegal, Jesus.’ He’s scrubbing a pot clean in a basin of too-hot water; he fixes his eyes very intently on a burnt-on stain, and redoubles his efforts. He has never heard a gentleman - if Gabriel can be called that - refer so casually to the idea of- of the- of unnatural acts, although it’s impossible, half the time, to figure out what Gabriel actually believes, and what he’s saying to provoke a reaction. Even Castiel, who knows some small fraction of Dean’s history, can barely bring himself to acknowledge the things Dean has done. Dean said ‘sodomy’ like, one time, and Cas practically threw himself on his own sword on the spot.
He can’t look at this man. They’ll hurt him if he looks at this man.
‘That was one time,’ he says primly. ‘I didn’t understand what you meant by
,’ says Castiel, and his tone makes Dean shiver, and that’s what he wants. He wraps his mouth around the opening of the bottle and tips his head back, swallowing, and the liquor burns hot against his throat. He barely tastes it. It doesn’t matter. The burn of the alcohol is enough, the warmth in his mouth, the sting in his eyes; and then Cas is on him, crowded up against him, trying to wrest the bottle from his hand like this specific sin is gonna be the one that takes Dean over the edge, the one that damns him. The lip of the glass knocks hard against Dean’s teeth, and he doesn’t care. He hopes his mouth bleeds.
Castiel drops his eyes back to the book. ‘Adam and Eve were true mates.’
He cannot say:
’ from the other room, where Cas is clearly having trouble locating the toasting fork. Now that Dean thinks about it, they might have taken it up to the cabin the other day.
don’t appreciate how much work it’s taken to rectify. He’s only just ready, there’s no point confusing the matter. It’s one day, Michael.’
