One day a man he didn't know showed up. He was short, but he held himself upright, like a soldier. There was something familiar about him, but he couldn't figure out what it was supposed to be.
As expected, Sherlock will not be able to control himself. "Because it was you. You were upset, I wanted to calm you down. I know what  works for you. " Again- hetried that arrogant tone.
He liked the honey.
There was a salesman from a square honey-stall. Only now did the doctor notice that he looked almost like a boy, but he couldn't be much younger from him. He was wearing a dark vest, a knitted sweater, and fingerless gloves. John avoided the square for two weeks after tasting the infernally sweet glue and being forced to buy at least one jar of dark forest honey.
John is not an aggressive hunter. He does not drive his prey for miles until it finally gets tired. John can wait. He can wait long hours, even years, in one particular case. During that time, he built a truly perfect system of traps.
"It's just a joke. For your birthday."
"You're right, I'm an unbeliever too," Sherlock nods.
No, John was not so adept at deductions, he lacked an extensive conception of the world, millions of details stacked to form a coherent image, seen as by the eye of a bee. But what he did better, was to know his emotions. In his own at times he groped, as each of us, but reading other people's emotions - it was easy for him. And when it came to Sherlock - incredibly easy.
John looks up and sees gray eyes that reflect the ridiculous Christmas lights. For a moment he forgets the last shift in the hospital. His empty stomach and the empty fridge he has at home. A can of tomato soup, bread and cheese, which he carries in a paper bag.
"Bad dream?" John asked, half asleep himself, wrapping his arm around his chest.
Sherlock takes three quick steps. His mind is clear and free again. No groundwater dirt and nasty nooks. No
"It proves that I am like a Cancer - kind, caring and observant," John flipped through the page.
"Something exactly for you," John says, looking into the eyes of the snowstorm, even though out there was peace all around, carols and the smell of cinnamon.
"You must be hungry."
"Not at all," John muttered, running his fingers over the extensive tattoo.
They were of varying intensity over the phases of the moon, but he had already learned how to tame them. More or less. He was able to combine his predatory instinct with the sexual one, and when he added the fact that he wasn't very picky ... The victim, or rather his partner, had to be submissive, and that was all he cared about. At that time, both were satisfied. He wouldn't be able to fight for supremacy in bed. It might not end well.
Sherlock turns and walks to the kitchen. The things of his new roommate are there. He inadvertently touches the mug with the sign of his military unit, imagining if he has such a tattoo somewhere on his body ... no, Dr. Watson is not that type of guy.
, John thinks, and he feels absolutely no shame.
"Fuck…" he breathed as Sherlock finally let go of his hair.
thoughts suddenly got stuck in a deadlock.
"You're married to your job, and I-" He closed his eyes hard as he felt Sherlock's lips on his chest.
"Well, that beast enclosure wasn't my idea."
Sherlock closed the drawer and walked slowly back to the bed. He lay down, grabbed John's cooling palm with one hand and put the gun barrel under his chin with the other. "Goodbye, Jim."
However, strange things had happened to him for some time, so he just shrugged and headed for the kitchen.
"We're the same," the snake hissed as he penetrated him with his fingers. "We're smart - I'm a consulting detective and you're a military doctor. We're strong - we survived Moriarty. And we are addicted. You to adrenaline and me, unfortunately to drugs and to you. We're the same- "he repeated, judging that John was ready.
At times I forgot about the real world around me, I even found myself wanting to believe that something like this could last between two beings. I wanted to believe that they were attracted by something other than a hormonal cocktail. Was I insane? Maybe. It would be a relief for me to discard all my previous experiences with the human species, my entire storehouse of disappointment. And then calmly let that naivety kill me.
"A saint who doesn't believe ..." John lifts a corner in a beastly smile. He knows very well that the title gives Sherlock a touch of vulnerability. Prey sign.
"Not yet," Sherlock replied, not even looking away from his computer.
But John was not naive. This stage will last a few days and then everything will start again.
" What?"
It was finally over. John closed the door, frozen, with blue lips and frost behind his fingernails, along with all sorts of forest dirt. He put on sweatpants and a sweater, turned up the heating tap, and boiled the water.
Sherlock, on the other hand, was very old - and could be happy with his life. Except for this last day, it was worthless if he could judge. He took his walking stick and stood up. He was still taller than Jim, and he was delighted.
His roommate detached from the door frame and walked over to him.
He picked up a glass from the table that he knew was a honey product and slowly opened it.
"Strange, it doesn't say anything about the Capricorns being ungrateful bastards," John added with an edge of dissatisfaction
He just lay there most of the time. Clouds raced over his prison, the sun and moon rose, taking turns in a never-ending dance, and he didn't notice any of it. He heard only a wild surf - down on the rocks and inside. Otherwise there was silence.
Sherlock drowned in this world.
"Are you freezing here for whole month?"
"I know when somebody have a secret. And I usually find out what kind."
"I said he's cute. Not much at first glance, but when he comes back from the hospital, take a look at his hands. He'll be famous in bed."
"I told you I would reveal any secret. And as I sayOnce you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth..And I'm not known for having any prejudices against the improbable."
It was dawn.
John slammed the door and ran down the stair, trying to avoid Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock drove him insane again, and he wasn't in the mood for questions. He stopped on the last step. At the last moment, before his decision to get out to the pub, his judgment was tinged.
In recent days, he has the strange impression that the bull's skull is smiling at him.
The torn shirt fell to the ground, and the inquisitive hands returned to John's body. One touched his cock and the other ran into his hair. John exhaled, half surprised, half disapproving, but obediently turning his head back. He felt the Sherlock's half-overgrown stubble on his jaw, but he didn't dare look, preferring to be carried away by his touch.
Nod. Next step. They are not facing each other, but if they want to, they can touch their shoulders.
," someone said excitedly from the door.
," he said with unbearable tenderness as he penetrated John and the doctor's loud sigh was the sound of the fall of the last wall still separating them.
But the truth is, I envy them.
Now he drove thirty miles to the district hospital, taking double shifts, not minding work at night if he could take time off. They thought he was a bit of an annoying weirdo, but he did the job conscientiously, didn't neglected the patients, didn't constantly growl because of his low salary, so there was no reason not to accommodate each other.
"Here, I brought you something."
He was not in a position to bother with politeness.
This one is a sequel to ´Leo´
Sherlock kept annoying him down with attention to the smallest detail, and he was beginning to think he was doing it on purpose, that he had everything recalculated perfectly.
He's on the hunt now.
"You're a bison... you used to be. Just for your information."
"What about Mr. Holmes?"
"Yeah, you have no idea…" John nodded, staring at Sherlock's back. Then something occurred to him.
Hit . And we stayed here.
Sherlock unscrews the cap and sniffs. Then he smiles.
He felt the inquisitive tip of his tongue pass through the fine hairs on the back of his neck. He swallowed empty. This was not fair… Sherlock knew how much he loved excitement, the nearness of death. And instead of arguing with him, she can tell him the truth differently.
He almost gave up all attempts at defense because he could no longer.
But no Sherlock. His eyes were like a blizzard. And it is dangerous even for wolves.
God and
Jim pursed his lips and looked at the bed, his hands casually in his pockets.
He took another step forward as the car door opened and the driver sprinted away.
“Hm,” Nick took a deep breath. “That one!”
“Chiaroscuro.” John repeated. “I said… I said you’d make a great chiaroscuro study.”
“Could do.”
John’s face scrunched. “Hard to say. He’s only just awake as far as I can tell.”
“Not to put too fine a point on it, Lieutenant Colonel, but you and your men are in a combat zone, are you not?”
“No, you weren’t!”
“Ok,” John sighed and tossed the file on the small table between them, the dull roar of the jets in conjunction with the small print lulling him into a bit of a fog. “Let me get this straight. You and I are going to a small and rural patrol base in the middle of fuck all nowhere Helmand. Because,” and John raised a finger to emphasize his point. “One of Mycroft’s buddies thinks that someone is trying to kill soldiers, who are actually in an active combat zone, and has vague suspicions that it’s an inside job?”
“Oh for God’s sake! DELETE!” Sherlock threw himself face first into Dr. Watson’s abdomen, plugging his ears like a toddler.
Mary sighed as he stalked through the yard and disappeared.
“Well that’s quite dull really,” Sherlock frowned. “He breaks up with you, moves on, becomes incensed when you show interest elsewhere, and tries to sabotage a yet undeveloped relationship.”
Oddly, John seemed to be the exception to most rules. His proficiency with and willingness to brandish a fire arm along side his dedication to the Hippocratic oath. His size and stature compared to his competence and confidence. His ability to blend, appear unassuming, benign, and amiable while in actuality, he was gruff, even belligerent, bull-headed, secretive, and absolutely brilliant.
“Then I’ll kiss it better,” Dr. Watson murmured, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s cheek.
“Sure, yeah. Com-what?”
“I thought it was the silver spoons,” Nick said flatly.
John grinned. “Gordo, you little shit.” He clapped him firmly on the shoulder. “Find any interesting cars lately?”
“When isn’t she there?”
“At least three,” John hummed, shifting at the sound of gunfire.
“If they were good, I wouldn’t be here.”
“Hang on.” She let go of the wound and cinched the tourniquet tight, before twisting the windlass snug. Loo hissed as she finally pulled her hands back. “Ok. Now we just need an exit.” She clicked on her coms, “Lads? How’s it coming?”
She grunted and took a sip of her coffee. “I can still run.”
“Shit. Yeah. On it.”
“Mycroft.”
John barked out a laugh. “The crazy ones always are.”
The room quieted as all four of them settled into their bunks. Towerblock shoved his pillow under his head and finally closed his eyes.
“You think?!”
“Bird, if you’re going to talk about being inside people, turn off your com!” Nick snapped. “What I’m doing requires concentration.”
“Fuck!”
“Aye. Thank God for that. Nothing like a pair of ladies screaming at the top of their lungs for meh.”
that?”
“Christ, you raise haggis?” Nick pulled out a chair and propped his boots on the table. “Nasty blighters. Had an infestation once in our summer home. Chewed through the cedar closet in the attic of all things. Had to put out traps and everything.”
“Fucking now, Medhurst!” Gee snapped.
“Just a bit of information. Bird, please.” He pouted.
In the ensuing silence, it slowly dawned on Lestrade that the single syllable carried more weight than he’d first noticed. He glanced up. “No, Mycroft-”
John leaned forward, bracing his elbows on his thighs. “I spent an hour today stitching up Captain Mag Aoidh. And that makes me cross, Sherlock. She was lucky, or unlucky, depending on how you look at it, because the shrapnel missed her vest by an inch and managed to slice into her shoulder.”
“I have a question.”
Faruq shrugged and took another bite of his sandwich. “Is delicious.”
“That’s not true and-”
Sherlock grumbled and dug into his bag, looking for clean clothes. “Yours being?”
“Ah.” Sherlock nodded slowly. “So not only does he gain position on the team, but he exacts some sort of justifiable revenge for a girl you dumped horribly.”
“Still seems fairly extreme, given the circumstances.”
“It wouldn’t.” He raised a brow when Greg finally met his gaze. “Dinner. One glass of wine.”
John raised a brow. “Maybe I wasn’t talking about Mag Aoidh.”
“BOSS!” Simon shouted from across the open space.
“Ya, he was up by the Colonel’s office about an hour ago.”
Gee managed a wry smile. “Don’t tell me the Padre finally dicked down Medhurst.”
“Gordo…”
“I’m fine! Where the fuck is Gee?!”
“I spent all bloody day on this!”
Gee bit back a grin. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Who else knows that you’re colorblind?”
“Follow the chain of command?” Nick offered with an insincere grin.
She sighed at him. “Look. I know things are… more tense than usual. And I was very sorry to hear that Private Llewellyn was shot. It sounds like he was very lucky that Captain Mag-”
“There are benefits to every promotion, Sherlock.”
“Repeat that, Captain.”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose in disbelief. “No.”
“John?”
“Hmm?”
“Where’s the boss off ta in such a hurry?”
“Alright, Holmes,” Nick leaned forward and braced his forearms on the table. “You might have my grunts fooled, but I wasn’t born yesterday. You’re a clever bloke and I’ve always respected that about you. But you and I both damn well know you’re not here to ‘facilitate an update in intelligence software.’”
“But John,” Sherlock pouted. “I’m sore.”
“Investigative…”
“Remote switch,” Towerblock offered.
“Captain,” John raised a brow. “Out.”
“I don’t think you’re listening to yourself,” John countered. “Do you remember what you promised?”
“That I’ll believe.”
“Yes, Sherlock, sleep.” And with that, John turned his back and stripped off his long sleeves, tossing the shirt over the bar at the foot of his bunk before stooping to unlace his boots.
“Incidentally, where was your leak?”
“Good morning. I wonder if I might have a word with Captain Mag Aoidh?”
“This is extortion.”
“Oh, oh!” Bird smacked Towerblock’s arm. “Tell him about the RPG!”
“Sir.”
“No wonder you’re all so uptight,” Nutsack chuckled.
“Nick!” Mary smacked his arm.
“Because that’s so much better?!”
“We taking it?” Towerblock sat forward.
John’s brows went up. “Yeah?”
“Aw!” Bird beamed up at them. “This is touching!”
“And… The frames match the colors.”
“Ok…” Sherlock murmured.
“Fucking fine,” she muttered under her breath. After another moment to catch her breath, she toggled the coms again. “Anyone need me?”
“Open air?”
He groaned. “That is terrible. Stop it.”
“Nick,” Mary started. “I heard there’s a pair of… Wait. Are you bleeding?”
“And we lovingly support him in ours,” Mac chimed in. “Cupped gently. Like mah balls.”
A loud round of automatic fire had everyone flinching.
“You can deep fry anything,” Rocket finished. John continued to chuckle. “Wait… Can you deep fry a grenade?”
Rocket glanced around, “I heard there was a shout.”
“Clever. Now really. What
“Fuck.”
She sucked in a breath through clenched teeth and tried to settle the shaking in her hand. “Feckin hell.”
“Well I’m probably not now!” John buried his face in his hands and instantly regretted it, wincing as he put too much pressure on his bruising cheekbone.
“Hey, there you are.”
“Well, it’s all a bit ridiculous.”
Sherlock cocked a brow.
“No, Gee. I wasn’t. I was going to wait until we were knee deep in the suck before thinking about it. But thank goodness you’re here to set everything straight.”
The corner of his mouth quirked up. “Yes.”
“I… Yes. Certainly.”
“Probably grown barnacles on his arse from sitting at a desk since-“
“I know you’ve been working on the hardware.”
“I would love to, Simon. But strangely, whenever I show my face, someone tries to blow it off. And I swear to God, Mac, if you so much as utter a blow job joke right now…”
Sherlock only managed a glimpse of John, sidearm up, as he disappeared around the corner and out of view. And the silence returned. He held his breath.
“I’m serious.”
“Uncle Bill always said you were cracked in the head back then.”
John smiled gently, one palm lifting to cup Sherlock’s cheek. “Are you alright?”
“Shut up!” Bird laughed and smacked Gee’s arm. Gee winced and tipped her head in acquiescence. “No. I meant that Loo is limping around.”
“Hm?”
“I’ll try if you try.”
“It’s no joke!” Simon barked at her.
Mary sighed, “And here I came to see if you were alright.”
“Dumber,” John finished.
“New request from Frost, Sir.”
“You know she’s in the med tent,” Mary said cautiously.
Gee glared for a moment, frowned, and ran a finger over the nearest illustrated terrain, tracing an invisible pattern through the hills. Then she grumbled and rubbed a palm over her face. “I really, really don’t like what I’m about to say.”
“I will certainly have to excuse myself.”
“Yes.”
“Dinner?”
“Sherlock!” Dr. Watson crossed his arms over his chest and hollered over his shoulder. “You didn’t tell me Mrs. Hudson was here, you giant berk.”
John raised a brow. “If you’re done eating, I’d like a word.” He rose and gestured toward their bunk. “In private.” Sherlock sighed and pushed back from the table, making to follow John.
“Fine,” Mac muttered disappointedly.
“So is this what ye do when you’re waiting for a call out? Sit around?” Mag Aoidh carefully rearranged a few of the items on the front of her kit, muttering a soft, “Why is everything here backwards?”
“Godammit, Gee, if I have to keep trying to find you-”
“Criminal-crime-cr-“
“I’ve never doubted him. He can get you anything, and I wouldn’t swear by his methods, but I can’t question that he’s on our side.”
“Yeah.” He swallowed heavily. “We’re ok.”
“Yes…”
Mag Aoidh twisted to peer around the mastiff and huffed out a careful laugh.
“What?”
“Sherlock.”
"Sherlock?" Lestrade's voice was soft and Sherlock knew what he was thinking. Poor Sherlock. Misses his friend, too stupid to tell him how badly he needs him. Got so used to having his help, now can't function without him. John's better off though, he'll be happy again now all that horrible business is sorted. No thanks to
Sherlock grinned and headed up the ramp. “I might actually miss this place.”
“Do anything like-“
“Sherlock,” John repeated. “Sherlock, look at me.”
"No? How'd you have me pegged?"
He hummed again and touched the tip of the battery to his tongue.
"Fine," Loo sighed. "I don't get... Why didn't Nick let Gee check on them?"
“You’re awfully interested in semantics this morning.”
This time Lestrade gave her a wide smile. “Now that’s the pit-bull sergeant I hired. Any friends at the pub with him?”
“The shears!” Bird crowed.
“Jesus fucking Christ on a cracker,” Medhurst joined them in the middle of the yard. “There are some stories that are inappropriate for the innocent ears, Nutsack.”
"Leave it out, Donovan. He's here to help, just.. Let him concentrate, huh?" Lestrade said tiredly.
He waved her off. “Your lead, your chat. I’m here if you need me.”
“Loo… That’s…”
And yet, he would throw himself into a war zone simply because Sherlock had asked him to. Return to a goliath of a machine that had chewed him up and spit him out, and fling himself between anyone and danger without batting an eye.
“Boss on the move!” Towerblock called, trailing a few feet behind, letting out cord as Nick headed down the road.
“Well isn’t that a lovely shine on the flaming pile of shit today has been.”
“I’m afraid it’s classified. You understand. I assure you-“
“How badly did you dump him?”
“What about it?”
“Perhaps I was otherwise occupied.”
John heaved a sigh. “Do I have any other choice?”
“You… hate smoking?” It didn’t even get a laugh. “You’re a captain in the Queen’s Army.”
Gee frowned and picked at her sleeve, saving it from dropping into the bowl. “I was tired.”
“Ah.”
“It was the first shout he’d been on with us,” Bird started enthusiastically.
“Evading,” Sherlock sniffed, shifting as if to sit up. It was a small cot. If he moved much at all, he was likely to fall off. “How positively militant of you.”
Nick tossed his pack at Towerblock. “I don’t know about you chaps, but I prefer my controlled detonations to be controlled. Not a first time, fumbling, finger-bang in the back of a Greggs loo, with which I can only assume you are all too familiar!”
The second moan that came from upstairs was unmistakeable, and most definitely Sherlock. Well, John hardly had any reason to say his own name, especially quite like that.
“Obvious,” John said flatly and narrowed his eyes at his bunkmate. “You know what, you’re right. Sod it all, I’m going to sleep.”
John snorted. “What?”
“Yes, but…”
“Clearly.”
John huffed. “I don’t know if you remember, but the last time we went on base, it didn’t end particularly well.”
“Afraid so.”
“Oh spit it out, Simon!” Bird snapped.
John threatened with a single, pointed finger. “Not another word.”
Sherlock raised a brow and dragged his eyes away from the engineers. “Oh?”
The buzzing recommenced and Greg crossed his arms. “Oi, insulting my vocabulary won’t make you any less cross for not knowing everything that’s going on at every second. Don’t be a tit; answer your phone.”
“Probably somewhere in the bloody buildings!” Gee hissed, flattening her back against the nearest one.
Gee’s eyes snapped up to meet his, her objection dying a quick and silent death.
“Oh. Right. Yes.” Nick cleared his throat and bobbed his head, pulling another double take as he left the tent.
“Ah, Muireann,” Bird tried to catch her arm as she passed, but Mag Aoidh was having none of it, storming out of the tent and across the yard. “Nice going, Simon!”
“Sherlock, strap in,” John ordered from his spot on the floor next to Loo.
Gee snorted. “That’s a medical privilege. And one you don’t have.”
“If you’re looking for the nearest exit, it’s ten meters to your right, but I do believe I’m actually faster than you are.”
“Right, gentlemen, if you’ll excuse me. Due to an unforeseen difference in jargon, we’ve received an unfortunate number of reporters into Bastion.” Smith paused and sighed. “You know how it is.” He gave a nod. “Gentlemen. Carry on.” And he was gone.
A man of comfort. The jumpers, tea, mindless books, food. Routine. Home.
“Why not?”
“You were right… About the jilted ex… thing…” He waved a hand absently in the air as if it could qualify his statement.
“Captain Medhurst, the med tent. Now please. And Corporal House, I would like a word. In my office.”
“Fine! Now I want you to think. Have you ever seen Gee without her shirt on?”
Sherlock heaved a sigh. “As am I, John. What on earth could I possibly gain from telling anyone?”
Bird sighed. “Sadly, yeah.”
“That’s Major to you.”
Another crack and another chair was sent flying, this closer to Mac and Rocket. The pair ducked low again, but the chair hit the food line and Rocket popped up, shaking his fist. “My breakfast!”
This time she grinned. “You cannot afford the incidentals, Sir.”
“Clear?”
“Very well.”
Towerblock laughed. “Not the way he tells it.”
“Permission to check for survivors.”
“Right!” Nick clapped his hands. “Crack on!”
She snorted. “So much to look forward to.”
“Not if you’re sufficiently tired,” John grinned and cracked one eye open.
Bird nodded slowly at the Padre in the ensuing silence.
“Use your left hand. Your tourniquet is in your vest. Take it out, yeah? Good lad.”
John waved a hand at his lazy, cheeky salute. “Right. Where’s your medic gotten to?”
“Aye aye, Captain Nicky.”
"Just don't act like Simon, and you'll be fine."
“And even getting their hands on one, why bother with the-“
“John,” Sherlock said patiently.
“And the most likely scenario is that it’s one of the actual team?” John raised a brow.
“Holmes.”
John sighed and set down his fork. “Have you even started on the software?”
“Ah, that’s why you were getting into that government car last night?”
“Is everything… alright?”
Simon glared at them. “I need to what, Mac? What twisted game have you come up with for me to…” He squinted at the Det. “Why the HELL is there a TOILET IN THE DET?!?!”
“Honestly, tell me my tie isn’t fuchsia.”
“I’ll be on her.”
“Thank you.” Mycroft tilted his head as he considered his next few words. “Sherlock has a nasty habit of not only finding trouble, but instigating it. And he rather tends to emerge smelling of roses somehow. I assure you this will be no different.”
“Not at all.”
John closed his eyes and rested his head against the back of the couch. “He hit me first.”
“Uh, Captain Medhurst, Sir?” Rhys hovered at the edge of the DFAC.
“Aye. Got him.”
“No luck?”
“Your shoulder. Looked sore enough.”
“You’ve said that already.”
Mary looked up from her desk. “Nick? Hi.” She shuffled the papers away quickly. “Come in, come in,” she waved him into the room. “I actually wanted to talk to you.”
Gee shifted her sunglasses up onto her forehead and blinked at him. “You are standing between me and my coffee. Today is about to be more interesting than you’re physically able fer.”
“Go. Bird, get in there! Get a fucking ambulance to Bastion ready. I want someone ready to get Loo the fuck out the moment you arrive!”
“What color is it?”
Dr. Watson froze, his face turning bright red. Mycroft rolled his eyes. Now he was being petulant. It was a mild discomfort that wasn’t enough to make Mycroft balk. “If you insist on being childish about this, I will treat you as a child.”
Mac pointed and laughed.
“After you, Corporal,” John gestured towards the yard.
Simon glared and clenched his hands into fists. “And?”
“It’s sodding peculiar,” Nutsack offered.
“If I knew that, I wouldn’t have to schlep out here with you lads.”
“There was contact. And this bloody numpty couldn’t find cover if it bit him in the arse!” Bird ruffled Towerblock’s short hair. “And then this RPG comes out of nowhere and hits him square in the chest!”
Loo whimpered.
Towerblock rolled his eyes and hopped out of the mastiff, dragging a large bag of gear with him. “Anyway, good spot, Bird.”
“Everyone take cover!” Towerblock called. “Detonation in five. Four. Three. Two. One.”
you were there.”
Gee shook her head. “It’ll be fine.”
“Don’t we all wish.” Bird snickered. “But no.”
John caught his shoulder before he tipped over the edge. “Yeah, the tall, dark, and mysterious act wore off on me ages ago.” He softened the admonishment with a smile. “You still haven’t answered me.”
John chuckled. “That was probably deserved.”
“Nick is happier than a pig in shit.”
“Yes. Alright.”
And Sherlock dropped onto the couch like a marionette with his strings cut. He winced as he hit the cushions, but then straightened stiffly and blinked up at John. When had his feet taken him across the room? When had John even crossed to the couch. When had he found his med kit? When…
Sherlock started and watched as Medhurst and Colonel Smith were on their feet, heading straight towards the fallen soldier and Mag Aoidh. All clear? Was that an all clear signal? It was safe to move? He stood and when he wasn’t immediately ordered back down, he inched towards the edge of the DFAC, slowly getting closer to the yard.
Gee winced. “Not here, no.”
“It’s alright. We’re fine.”
“Someone is trying to kill my men.”
“Fine. I promise not to wander about unsupervised.”
Mag Aoidh looked as though she’d been slapped. “Right. Fine. Of course. Next one’s ours.”
“Did you?”
Sherlock wasn't sure if Donovan had seen it, the almost invisible, involuntary flinch, but Lestrade certainly had.
“Do not,” Towerblock threatened.
Nick took a sip of his coffee. “In other news, I don’t think that Major likes me at all.”
“Christ, Sherlock. Really?”
An office worker, burdened with a large tea service passed behind her and placed the tray carefully on the edge of the desk before leaving silently. She nodded at the pot before taking it upon herself to pour the cups.
“Good.” Mary gave a nod.
“Shit!” Bird swore, dropping next to the wheel well of the CV. “Charlie-Charlie-One! Bluestone 42, contact.”
“Well, I was just wondering if you have any advice. Or… Suggestions?”
“As the Padre.” She blinked at Nick, who was still sitting in the chair. “Anything else?”
“You know,” John began softly, standing unflinchingly in parade rest. “I met a few Lance Corporals in Kandahar.” He tilted his head. “Would have been back about a decade ago now. Chips on their shoulders big enough to feed an army. Obsessed with a person’s height, their pedigree, their faith, their gender.” John trailed off, giving Simon a hard look. “You learn a lot the longer you survive in war.”
Mycroft hung up the phone. Suddenly, he was no longer hungry for breakfast.
Bird was calm and even on the relay in spite of her language. “Same site, two MIA. No. No! Not aerial support, you knob-end! We need feet on the ground!”
“Absolutely not.”
“Oi! You lot! What sort of freaky fucking shit have you got for me now?”
“Ecstatic,” she flashed teeth in her smile.
“You haven’t read Dostoyevsky then, have you?”
“That’s what I’m talking about! Don’t make me toss him from a crime scene for outing us.”
“Under no circumstances are you to wander off and get yourself shot,” Sherlock glared at him.
“Says the man wearing a fuchsia tie.”
“Right.”
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully and gave the two a longer look.
“What?”
John chuckled. “I see. Will I wrap this? Or…”
“I don’t think so. Just wanted to say hi.”
“You’ve had worse.” Dr. Watson scolded. “I’ve treated worse.”
“Thank you, Sir.” Her grin was nearly feral. “Speaking of mine and yours…”
“It can’t be you.”
Mary shook herself. “The Lieutenant Colonel wouldn’t…”
She just sighed and hung her head.
“Wouldn’t it be his da?” Rocket asked.
Nick sucked in a breath as small fingers skimmed the adhesives bordering the dressing. “… Mary.”
Lestrade huffed out a laugh. “Oh yeah. He’s off… somewhere in the sun. We’re on our own on this one.”
“Fucking hell, what?” Mag Aoidh stopped shy of the table and crossed her arms. “I was with a patient.”
Mac chuckled. “Loo.”
“And we have come full circle to your vocabulary once again.”
“Get more sleep here, do you?”
“Right,” Gee muttered. “Loo, look at me, kid. I need you to get the tourniquet out of your vest.”
John huffed. “Yeah. Something like that.”
“Armstrong can.”
Sherlock snorted. Then the line of Mag Aoidh’s shoulders went rigid.
“I have Simon and Mac on the empty space,” Nick said simply.
“Then I shall endeavor to follow your lead, Sir.”
“From what I can tell,” Anderson started.
“John.” He startled as Sherlock’s hands landed on his shoulders. “I have a plan.”
They startled and Bird shot to her feet.
“Oh yes, of course. You are cross with me for some reason.”
“No?”
“Then tell him.”
Nick groaned. “We’re not…”
“Seeing as you’ll only need uniforms. I suppose your old ruck should work. And a laptop. Mycroft will secure your weapons and a sat phone for-“
“Oooh, are ye gonna eat that?” Rocket plucked a roll from the plate Simon had abandoned and managed to shove the whole thing in his mouth in a single go.
“Is Muireann upset?” Mary cut in.
He settled in the chair opposite her. “How’s the leg?”
“There were… People. Lots of them… At the cordon.”
“John?”
“Y’sir.”
“Could I convince you to see to the efficient operation of our peace-keeping missions in Afghanistan?”
Mag Aoidh snorted and instantly regretted it, clutching at her side again with a grunt.
“Actually, Bird,” he threw an arm around her shoulder. “You’re exactly the person I need.”
“I did.”
“Nutsack,” Nick stuck out his hand.
Both she and John jumped at the sudden and loud intrusion. “The feck?”
"He's fine," Lestrade said, "I don't know where John is but Sherlock never mentioned he'd be coming. So I dunno, maybe at the surgery or something, joining later?"
Nick gave Bird a nod as she listened to the details and confirmed. “Right, shout. Single device, not far enough off the beaten track.”
“Boys,” John interrupted.
“Yes, Sir, ye poncy twat!”
Sherlock steepled his fingers in front of his face. He knew roughly where they were holding and most likely terrifying the poor woman. He could get there faster by himself though, just to confirm his suspicions. Then he'd call in Lestrade and make a quick break for Baker Street, John would giggle and...
"The... The attic?" Lestrade looked baffled, but duly headed for the stairs, shouting to Anderson. Something about the hatch in the ceiling. Sherlock didn't hear the rest as he slipped out of the front door and towards the abandoned garages half a mile away.
John nodded. “Can you narrow it down some?”
“I don’t have to. The answer is no.”
“God help me,” Lestrade grinned. “Yeah. Drinks are on me.”
“Hm?”
Sherlock hesitated, eventually perching on arm of the far side of the sofa. “I didn’t think you’d hit him,” he murmured.
“Mac? Rocket? Flank! Lansley to the front! Corporal House, Corporal Bird! I want you on this side. Slow and with cover! Go!”
“Yeah.”
“Five.” He gave a nod. “And I’ll leave you be. I won’t believe you, now. But I’ll pretend, and let you carry on as is.”
He spun on his heel and strode quickly to catch up with John.
“And you’ll… Talk to Simon?”
“Who?”
------
“I’m not sure what you think I can do.”
“Perhaps if you make use of all the resources at your disposal first.”
“Mmn.”
“Been wah?” Towerblock shifted the gear as they headed for the back of the CV.
“You walked into that one.”
“No.” Nick blinked and tilted his head in thought. “But now that you mention it…”
“And you,” he rounded on Lestrade. “I can’t decide which is more pathetic, your bumbling career or shambles of a personal life.”
“Bird?” Mag Aoidh murmured, her voice pitched low so as not to carry. “There’s something… off…”
“Out!”
Sherlock huffed. “Are you going to be ‘Mother’?”
“GEE!”
“No, Sir. We are all in one piece, as are the vehicles. I’ve two whole and uninjured PONTIs, a dusty unit, some rather irritating tinnitus, and solid IED, rendered-safe and ready for the WISWO.”
He sighed and scrubbed a hand over his face. “I wish I weren’t. It’s not helping that I’ve been saddled with that yoyo Llewellyn. And the lads liked Jasmine, but now we have Mag Aoidh. Who’s fucking fit, don’t get me wrong, but she’s been here two months and it’s like a black hole of fuckery, Steve. Where the bloody hell is the Lieutenant Colonel?”
“Sherlock.”
He tilted his head back to stare at the roof of the tent. “Anyone else know about this?”
John took a long, even breath. “Tell you what. Let’s shelve this conversation for the private jet waiting for us in Stuttgart.”
“Yes, of course… He tried to apologise to me once for… Oh God. Simon, wait!” Mary shouted as she dodged Bird and crossed towards the DFAC. “Simon!”
“Right… Right… I hope so. See, Sir.” She started gesturing with her hands, and once she’d started, it was as if she couldn’t stop. “I think, well, no, I know rather. Suspect? That one of your officers is… Perhaps struggling… Here…”
She rolled her left shoulder and tilted her head non-committally. “Still works.”
John took her elbow and gingerly drew back the sleeve, a sigh escaping as he eyed the burn. “Not going to mention this one either?”
John sighed again. “You have to stop talking to me when I’m not here. We’ve been over this. And while we’re on the subject, rushing someone in the middle of a warzone is a terrible idea.”
The coms let out a buzz of static.
The loud ringing interrupted her relaxation and she snapped the chair down to the ground, reaching for the phone as Nick appeared at the head of the table.
Towerblock's mouth twitched as he pressed his lips together. It wasn't a frown as he nodded slowly. "Probably."
“We do. Of course we do.”
“It’s not a toilet,” Rocket scoffed. “It’s a loo.”
Bird smiled. “You still limping?”
It has been nothing if not inconvenient that his younger brother constantly managed to repel common sense. More inconvenient of course was his choice in partner. A partner seemingly as incapable of rational behavior. Yes, Sherlock was childish, selfish, emotionally labile, egotistical... But that did not warrant social involvement with the seedier variables of London's crime world. More than anything, Mycroft knew that Sherlock and Dr. Watson simply needed to communicate. And they were appallingly poor in every attempt.
“Captain Mag Aoidh,” Rocket’s face scrunched. “Does she like girls?”
John glared at him. “Did you not hear me? I told you to get down!” Sherlock flushed then flinched as another bang heralded a third shot. John’s head swiveled, taking in the people in the DFAC, counting, assessing, then peering up over the lip of the table.
“Jesus,” Towerblock mumbled.
It had only been a few months and Sherlock knew that it would take time for his friend to heal, for them to even begin to return to the easy companionship they had had before. It had been getting increasingly difficult to hide the longing though, this past few months. John hadn't moved back into Baker Street as Sherlock had hoped he would; he was still living in that awful suburban flat he shared with his "wife". Suffocating and tiny, Sherlock had been there once or twice and found it unutterably hateful. Within its confines John seemed to shrink, appear much smaller, as if the Cath Kidston cheerfulness of his surroundings were reducing him to a shadow, a poor facsimile of himself.
“The Queen’s government does not apologise for-“
“Ah yes, Major Watson.”
“Pointless outburst of repressed anger and stupidity?”
“Oh.” Sherlock picked an imaginary piece of lint from John’s sleeve before smoothing his palms across John’s shoulders. “I… As we are heading to an active base, you are my official escort.”
“They’re going to keep me busy, aren’t they.”
She raised a brow. “And how quickly have the English stood down in my home?”
“Looks like you work well under him, Boss,” Bird rejoined the conversation on the coms with amusement.
“Yeah. Yup. I did.”
Nick tossed the papers down and huffed. “What the hell am I supposed to do with this?”
“Sir,” Simon twitched in his stance.
“That’s the ten years of public school,” Mac chirped.
“Sir?”
“Not what? Not lacking any and all functional retinal cones? Please, John,” he gave him a long look then released his shoulders and glanced down. “Is that why you’re wearing burgundy converse today? Doesn’t quite match that tee shirt. More of a blue than a grey.”
With the third round of shots, Sherlock found himself relieved to be sandwiched between a tense and rather action ready John and the solid wheel of the mastiff. “How many?”
Sherlock blinked rapidly, as if the shout had blurred his vision as well as sent his ears ringing. John bit back a grin. “Well, he’s not eating now.”
He frowned again. “I told you I’d take care of it.”
“I thought you said you were livid.”
When he didn't leave, Loo frowned again and set his gun down. "Anything else?"
The corner of his mouth quirked. “Is that the best you can do?”
“Who?”
“Thank you, Lieutenant Colonel. I appreciate the information. Would you have my brother contact me when he returns to Frost?”
“Oh, well, thanks. Thank you, Major Watson. I do think, well, of course they’ll do fine. So, ta. For that.” Mary promptly stopped talking and tittered.
“Vagina,” Loo repeated. “VAGINA!”
She listened to Sherlock's heavy tread on the stairs, his stumbling and her heart gave a lurch. He was moving slowly and clumsily, with none of his usual grace and speed. He must be hurt, she thought, tears prickling her eyes again. Oh, John would be so furious! She could only hope that neither of them did or said something stupid.
Rocket made a cheerful sound. “Got one!”
“Gee, why?”
“Oh good,” Bird pushed straight past them and pointedly gestured Gee towards a chair, clear of the pending Simon explosion. Gee couldn’t turn fast enough to keep up with Bird and her balance tilted dangerously.
“We’ve been busy.”
“Even so.”
“Why are you so distracted, Mycroft?” Sherlock paused as if to listen. “You’re in a rush to get me off of the phone. Awfully quiet on your end. Not in the office today? I really hope you aren’t shirking duties simply because I’m not available to see you with your new swain.”
“Peanut butter, Faruq. Not pea nut-butter.” Bird shook her head.
“Bird!”
Gee shrugged and winced. “I don’t know… I… I’ve been tearing my hair out trying to figure this out, but I’ve not worked with anyone else out here. I wasn’t doing much patrol at Bastion and I can’t imagine I have enemies or whatever from Bagdad. If anyone thought I’d have a target on my back, they wouldn’t have let me come out here.”
“Don’t beg. Besides, there is one additional benefit.” A sly smile flashed across Sherlock’s face.
Return fire kicked up a clot of packed earth near Simon, and Towerblock adjusted his suspected placement. It was one of their guard towers. His second shot clipped one of the wooden supports. John shot again, hitting the eave of the tower. The next shot from the sniper pinged off something metal in the Det.
“Gordon!”
“Infantile?” Sherlock offered with a raised brow.
“What was he going on about?”
“Yes. Thank you, Bird. I’m now deaf in my left ear and have spilled my tea.”
“John.”
“You’re an unholy terror, Gee.”
“Excellent. I thought things were suddenly peaceful and less war like.”
"What are you doing hiding out in here?"
Lestrade sighed and rubbed his forehead. “Right. Explain it to me again.”
“Stuff it,” Loo groused.
“I’m sorry.” Mary shook her head in a confused manner. “I thought you just said you’d been shot?”
“Ah the Leeds lads,” John chuckled. “Alright, go on.”
“Simon,” Padre gestured to the chair opposite him. “Can I have a word?”
“Haggis,” Rocket grinned.
It was a mistake. It was all one, big, laughable, stupid, absurd, terrible, painful mistake. And John stared at the full tumbler of whiskey on the counter, where it sat next to his restlessly drumming fingers. He sucked his entire lower lip between his teeth and huffed a breath heavily from his nose. It had actually been a day. A good day. One of those rare days where everything slotted into place, where he and Sherlock moved like clockwork - seamlessly coordinated and synchronized, where he’d felt useful. He pursed his lips and stilled his hand flat on the worktop, eying the slight bruising on his knuckles. The bastard shouldn’t have run.
Greg stared angrily at him. Mycroft blinked a few additional times. “You know what?” He pressed the heels of his palms against his eyes. “Just…”
“Hm?” He glanced at his hands and his desk in confusion. “Oh. Yes. Aji de Gallina.”
John heaved himself out of the chair and stumbled across the room, tossing the last few wayward sticks into their box before returning. Sherlock glanced at the box and let out a sound of disgust. “What?” John looked at his supplies.
“What should we do to celebrate that? Drinks all around?” Simon sneered. “What’s the one where you mix an IPA with Guinness?”
“Please?”
” he flapped a hand at the assembled Yarders who could now hear his bellowing voice. “Are the
“Is delicious. I will get you one. Five pounds.”
Gee sighed, looked at the stacks of paper on the table, and shook her head. “Simon might be right.”
“LOO?!”
“Yeah, well,” John shrugged. “A group of us went there to celebrate. You know, graduate, blow off some steam, sun, tanning, hiking, diving.”
“Yes… Well. It’s just that…”
“You bet.” He tugged John close and dropped his voice low. “Try handcuffs. I figure that’s a shared interest.”
“And, look at me. I’m ok too, yeah?”
Mag Aoidh turned sharply, giving a decisive nod as John stormed into view. “Major.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson clucked, one of her hands brushing his cheek beneath a blooming black eye. Even from across the distance, Mycroft could read the stiffness in his brother’s gait, the hesitance in his movements. Injuries concealed. Mostly minor. Mostly soft-tissue. Albeit slower to heal at his age and state of being. All well tended. Not a single mark on him would be the result of Dr. Watson’s hands. Unlike the hickey on Dr. Watson’s neck.
“Causation and correlation,” Rocket said with a sage nod.
“I know that already,” he grinned. “What I want to know is if you’ve seen Gee without her shirt on.”
Gee snorted. “There are two people dead and one without a hand, because of decisions I made. That’s on my head.”
Sherlock nodded. “Fine. You alright?”
“Oh, I know,” she grinned. “I’ve a guy named Habbas who puts Reilly outside a pub in Clapham about ten minutes before this whole nonsense with the van started… just down the road from that pub.”
Mrs Hudson didn’t call him. At least, not recently. After their tenuous reconciliation months ago. After all the calls he’d ignored while Sherlock had been dead. After the cryptic conversations, the motherly advice that he’d ignored out of bull-headed hurt, the side-eyes she’d given Mary, the kid-gloves with which she’d handled Sherlock… John couldn’t even bear to look her in the eye on the odd times they’d met in Baker Street. How could he? She’d seen it coming a mile away, and he didn’t listen to her warning. And look what that had gotten him. Look at what it had gotten everyone. Everyone was hurt. Everyone. And when John saw her, he could only see Sherlock’s near death, Sherlock’s near jail time, Sherlock’s near banishment, Sherlock’s near nearly something. And it was all his fault. Everything was always his fault. And he couldn’t look Mrs. Hudson in the eye the same way he couldn’t bear her gentle embrace, or her pecks on the cheek, or her knowing looks.
“I’ll be right back.” John grinned, pressed a firm kiss to Sherlock’s forehead, and took off towards the back of the DFAC. “Stay down!”
“Yeah.” Bird sighed up at the ceiling. “But really, Gee. What was it like?”
“That image will haunt me, Mac.” Gee was slow to join them in the yard.
“Ours?” Loo blanched. “You mean, the call I took…”
“She wasn’t far from where that crater is now.”
“Simon,” Mary tilted her head in a placating manner.
“Good,” John grinned and excused himself from the table, turning sharply to follow Gordon. “So, Gordo... Towerblock?”
Simon dropped onto his belly and started to commando crawl into the DFAC. “EVERYONE DOWN!”
“Oh God,” John groaned.
"Y'sir."
“This can’t possibly be safe.”
Perhaps more alarming was that Dr. Watson had been concerned enough to stay in his upstairs room, most likely due to the late hour at which he was called back. Though it quite possibly was due to the state in which Sherlock arrived back at Baker Street, if the state in which he parted company with New Scotland Yard was any indication. Or if the bandage wrappers and extra bits of plasters and gauze with the rusty tinge of blood were indication; who could tell anymore with Sherlock. Regardless, Dr. Watson had had his work cut out for him in the wee hours, and there were far worse places for him to kip for the night. Worse places that Mycroft himself had endeavored to make safe on more than one occasion in the past few years.
“Sherlock,” he shifted in the seat. “Table it. Right now.”
Screwhole raised a brow at Simon, pausing the game they were in the middle of. “He has a name.”
“Well, he has the odd idea that isn’t total shite.” Nuttall scrunched his face as he faced the DFAC. “Eating dinner, is he?”
“This is… This is nuts. Just because you don’t like what I-”
“Don’t look at it, look at me.” She smiled gently. “You can feel my hand, now just pass it under your leg above my hand. Good. And, both hands now, pass it through the loop. No, don’t look. Just… There. Perfect. Well done.”
“What do you mean backwards?”
Nick’s face scrunched. “This is absolutely ridiculous.”
“I’m sure you’ve seen it often enough you don’t need to imagine much.” John watched her carefully as the conversation fell into a lull. “I hear Loo is going to be just fine.”
“Oh, John, that is brilliant!”
“Ribs then?”
Erikson took a deep breath and held it for a long moment. “Ok.” The air rushed out from between his lips. “Fine. Ok. Fine. I was heading back from a quick smoke break. It was quick. Only five minutes tops. And Walsh was in the car, parked just there at the corner. I could see him. He was on his mobile. And I stubbed out the butt on the wall there. And took one step. And blam!”
The culprit was almost certainly the ex-boyfriend; scuff marks on the wall and linoleum obviously made by boots like those worn by the ex, who had apparently made some new, rather questionable acquaintances in the three (no, four) weeks since the woman had broken up with him. Unemployed, bitter at losing his girlfriend and access to her reasonable wealth (well-paid part-time job as an analyst for a software firm, volunteers with a children's charity on weekends, a large circle of acquaintances but a handful of close friends who were mostly young mothers), the ex had thought to terrorise the poor woman and had found three accomplices to help him.
He was sitting in one of the chairs in the DFAC. One of the remaining chairs. Upright and whole chair. “John.”
“Communication was not the forte of your relationship, then.”
John’s grin was dangerous. “You’ve no idea.”
“That sodding well hurt, you know.”
“How long’s that been going on?”
“Don’t be ridiculous! You went out without cover to protect Medhurst!”
“Wha, everyone has to be satisfied?” Mac frowned. “Geih.”
Rocket caught him before he could leave. “Are you going to eat that?”
The click of the front door lock shook her from her melancholy thoughts. Sherlock! He was home. Back. Where he belonged. Oh Sherlock- she was halfway to her door when she stopped herself. No, this time she would not interfere. John was in a terrible state upstairs and they needed their privacy (for once). And she couldn't stand between as a buffer.
John finished stuffing his ruck. After another restless night, in a too cramped bed, in an uncomfortably familiar military bunk, in an unfamiliarly comfortable shared space, he was glad they’d be going. He couldn’t tell what Sherlock had been thinking as he’d headed off for a shower. And talking about it right now didn’t seem appropriate. There were some things you just didn’t do in the middle of a combat zone. With a sigh and a quick shake of his head, John pushed out into the yard.
“I never doubted.”
“Crack shot though,” John added.
Mycroft’s response was the smallest flick of his brow, his eyes never leaving the page in front of him.
“Ammo store?” Bird offered helpfully.
“I certainly hope it was just close and not a hair beyond that,” Smith announced without turning around.
Sherlock bit back the urge to laugh as Nick tilted his head in exasperation. “The pair of you are the worst bloody PONTIs I’ve had to handle.”
Nick barked out a laugh. “Met him then? Fairly diplomatic of you. He’s been a disgrace of a human being since he was in short pants. And age didn’t deign to gift him with wisdom or charm.”
“Mmn,” Smith gave a nod. “I have a problem.”
“Absolutely.”
Sherlock reappeared and dumped his own on the table. Quickly and efficiently creating his own line of shades. “That is what’s wrong.”
“Aye?”
“I’m thinking!” Nick snapped. “How long until the messers from Canteen show up?”
“I don’t sleep, John. You know that.”
Bird huffed and turned to leave.
“Convenient.”
She shrugged. “I was trying to keep off it, like you asked, but then I found myself disinclined to rest on my laurels while being shot at.”
John bit back a laugh. “Try a uniform.”
Bird chuckled. “Sorry, sorry. It’s not funny.”
“I mean, what was it like, Gee?” Bird sat forward with gleeful attention.
John raised a brow. “All of it?”
“Mmn.”
“I heard you have a thing for higher-ups.”
He snorted. “I can see that.”
“Lansley, checking in.”
He looked. His face pinched. “So it’s a picture of the project. Well done. First class honors all around.”
“Just the one, then?”
“Can I… Was there something I can do for you?”
“You sure?”
“How could you not?” John shot a glance over his shoulder at Sherlock, who was slowly refocusing his eyes. Still blinking.
“Mmn,” Gee nodded.
“Flattery? Are you seriously using the same playbook as when you were a teen?”
“Fine.”
“Yet?”
Mycroft grinned viciously. “I knew there was a reason, I had the soundproofing installed in my office.”
“What about me?” Mag Aoidh crossed into DFAC. “And unless the next words out of yer mouths is ‘here’s your cuppa’ then I don’t even want to know.” She brushed past them, heading for the coffee.
Eyes widening and filthy grin spreading unbidden across her face, Martha chuckled as she closed her door and headed for her comfy bed. She rummaged through her bedside table for some ear plugs. No need to eavesdrop, really... She could make them blush in the morning. Just a little teasing. Serves them right for waiting so long.
“You needn’t worry about that,” Sherlock murmured.
“Shut up, Sherlock. Shut up right now. I need you to listen to me. This is important.”
“Mmn,” Colonel Smith agreed.
“Please,” Sherlock huffed as he collapsed artfully across the couch. “Say whatever you need, and get out. I don’t have the patience for you today.”
Simon held up both hands. “Sorry. Sorry. Captain!” He turned to Nick, then turned back to Jazz, Bird, and Gee, “Sorry again.”
“Major?”
Gee yelped and tucked in as close to Loo as she could as bullets kicked up dust and plaster just over her shoulder. “Guys! We’re a bit pinned down here!”
Gee released a long breath up at the ceiling. “Loo was my friend.”
“RED ROVER, RED ROVER!”
“Sir.”
“I will if you don’t put that fecking fag out and eat breakfast.”
“Either he’ll burst in here one night, for no good reason, and catch us in flagrante, you bent over the dry bar.”
“A bit further!” Nick shouted back.
Lestrade shook his head. “Neither of them seem to be available to answer their bloody phones. You get anything out of forensics?”
“You don’t?” Bird raised a brow.
Sherlock hummed.
“Don’t!” Towerblock complained.
Rocket huffed out a laugh.
Sherlock straightened and flipped open one of the files. “Bluestone 42: bomb disposal unit, currently on deploy at Base Frost in the Helmand. Nearly completing their second deployment together. Generally considered the best and yet the least sane squad outside of Bastion.”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“Oi, don’t you dare!” John scolded without heat, pointing a finger at Rocket. “You set that poor lad on fire.”
“You heard me.”
“I wasn’t going to-Why would you think I’d-“ Nick snapped his mouth shut and furrowed his brow. “What about a blow job?”
John shook his head and turned to retrieve some gauze. “That is absolutely none of your business, Captain.”
“Sherlock…”
“I’m working on it,” Sherlock grumbled.
“Mac!” Mac offered to the conversation.
what you asked! Portraits. In oil pastel. On canvas. Life sized. With your modern framework addition. What the fuck is your problem?!”
“Do you?”
“Less because I hate him and wanted him pissing into the wind,” she offered frankly.
“Right!” Nick clapped his hands together. “Thought it was getting boring again. Off we fuck.”
“Ah.” He waited patiently for the next piece of information.
“Definitely?”
“How did… What’s wrong with it?” John stared miserably at the project.
He sighed. “I am unused to time away.”
“Everything’s bigger in Scotland,” Mac gave a dirty smile.
“He definitely has,” Donovan echoed.
“-when we arrive. And don’t forget your sunglasses.”
“Do you truly believe I’d settle for good enough?”
“Oh yeah? What could possibly be better than Mycroft being too far away to bother?”
Towerblock picked up one of the photos as Bird ran a finger over the lines of one of the documents. “Shit,” Bird mumbled. “That was Glad’s squad out of Pine.”
“And racism?” Nick tilted his head. “And I ought to get back to it. What do you want, Bird?”
“It might of.”
“Here.” Bird had clicked on and off the main channel, but was still running chatter in the background. She may not have stopped.
Sherlock shook his head and disappeared into his locker. John picked out a few crayons and studied them. Tested their consistency. Checked the labels. They looked normal. Out of habit, he dumped them on the table and started sorting them, organizing, lining them up in a neat gradient of dark to light.
“Right,” Mary nodded. “I’ll just…”
“Fine.”
“You know what I mean. Get your coat.”
“You can get it for me. I need it.”
“And I need my head still attached to my shoulders to do mine.”
He rolled his eyes and connected the line.
Gee blinked. “What?”
Simon held up a hand in a wave. “Sorry. Yes. Bye. Good. Nick… There’s a…” he held the tips of his index fingers together and winced. “Small… Tiny problem. At the gate.”
All things considered, by his estimate, Sherlock would rise in the next quarter of an hour and seek out stimulant of some sort, and small blessings it would be coffee or tea rather than something stronger. Though Mycroft would not be shocked if he was needed to step in and diffuse the more powerful cravings, any temptation would likely be deterred by Dr. Watson’s presence in the flat. Thus making his own job easier, if not conceivably more verbally abusive.
Rocket adjusted the position of the toilet carefully. With reverence.
“Major,” Nick nodded as John headed off for the Det with a wave. He waited until John was out of earshot. “Wills. Tell me you aren’t wasting all of your time schlepping about with MI6.”
"Never say roll in front of them."
“Who breaks into an old mill, through about seven different locked doors, only to jump off a roof?” Donovan added.
“Seems only fair, Sir.”
“Check?”
John’s shoulders went rigid. “Wilkes is spineless tosser.”
Simon fumed, his face turning red as he bellowed. “What is your point?!”
“Hey!” Rocket protested.
“This is the third time in two weeks it’s very nearly been just about half-past ten. And frankly, I’m sick of it.” He chucked the cigarette in favor of the water.
“Oh. My. God,” Mac whispered.
“Aye.”
“Yes, and he tackles like a rabid fly-half. That’s not the point.”
Mycroft sighed heavily. “Sherlock. Another call in less than a day? How pleasant.”
“Where is Mag Aoidh?” Nick demanded.
Sherlock cocked a brow as his eyes traced a lazy path up John’s body. “It should feel fine. Fits like a glove.”
“Water!”
Nick’s face scrunched at Rocket, refusing to break stride en route to the CO’s office. “Anyway. Some clever bastard has been detonating simultaneously, preferably while I’m next to the incendiary. Next time, I’ll just ask them kindly not to.”
Mary gave Gee a long look before settling on the bench, pew, crate next to her. “Is everything alright?”
“Ah. I’m sorry to say in the Royal Engineers. One had a grievance against one of my men. Made an atrocious roommate. Not surprised really. But he decided it would be better if his mate was relieved of the burden of a bunkmate. Unfortunately, he found someone more than happy to assist.”
“That’s the one.” Smith went back to stirring the pot.
Loo squinted. “Was going to look at it.”
“Me?!” Sherlock shouted, finally losing his patience. “Oh, you are
Before he could retreat, Sherlock exited the bedroom, wrapped in his customary sheet toga, though it bore more skin than the usual draping. He thrust a tee-shirt into Dr. Watson’s hands, rumbling something low that only the good doctor could hear. Something that brought the bright flush up the back of his neck as he scrambled to pull the shirt over his head and tried to pat his hair flat.
“I’m not that important.”
“Eyes on!” Simon snapped. Bringing his AK to his shoulder and scanning the terrain. “This is when it’s the most dangerous.” Llewellyn followed suit. Mac and Rocket ignored him.
The second mastiff pulled in through the barriers, drawing up alongside the first; the remainder of Bluestone piled out into the yard just as Loo was off. Gee flinched, shielding her face with a hand as the helo left the ground, tracing their progress until she could no longer see the chopper. John uncrossed his arms and stripped the nitrile gloves from his hands. “Right. Captain, I want you in the med tent now.”
“I was going to say ‘comfortable,’ Major.”
“Bird, please.”
“Would it be out of line to ask that the bollocking you have in store for me be momentarily delayed?”
“Major. Mr. Holmes,” Smith extended a hand to them both. “Do thank your brother for me?”
Nick grinned ruthlessly. “Because I refuse to believe this isn’t about me. Frankly, you’re not important enough.”
The coms clicked on. “Boss?” Mag Aoidh was up. “Boss!” Well, she was halfway up or she was getting there. Sherlock watched as she managed to get her knees underneath herself and her forearm on the ground. It was hard to tell if she was retching or coughing over the ringing in his ears, but she had to brace herself with a hand across her ribs to push upright. “Medhurst, don’t make me come over there!”
“What is that?” Sherlock demanded disdainfully.
“Why Geih what?”
“You’re not going to like what I’m about to say either.”
“I think you’ll like it.”
“She always does that. Likes to run in the morning incase the day is slow.”
“My dear,” he warned.
“Servicing yer ma,” Mac grinned.
John leaned back, cautiously resting some of his weight against Sherlock’s chest. When he wasn’t immediately pushed away, he relaxed a bit further. “What about the name though?”
“Oh no. You can’t kick me out, not if I leave first!” Nick crossed his arms.
She raised a brow. “I can only imagine.”
Greg grinned. “Answer it.”
Towerblock grinned. "No you're not. What's eatin at you?"
“Good Lord,” Sherlock spun sharply and grabbed John by the shoulders. “You have achromatopsia. It wouldn’t be in your student file. There’s no way they’d let you read for an MFA, even with the rugby. It’s remarkable you’ve made it this far.”
“Are your peas not green?”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft warned. “It is very difficult to unknow a thing.”
Sherlock glanced around in a panic. “John?!”
Sherlock sucked in a short breath. “Patrol Base Frost. It’s… In the Helmand Province. Afghanistan.”
“It’s not the channel, it’s the com Gee’s wearing.”
The siren broke the stillness, sounding loud and shrill.
“Been more than a few hours since you’ve had anything happen to your balls,” Bird shot back.
“Oh.” Rocket considered that. “So what’s a haggis?”
Sherlock flicked his eyes towards John and raised a brow.
“I mean. It sounds like it’s been a stressful few days.” Mary offered tentatively.
“Like you bloody well asked. Told.” John leaned back as Sherlock encroached on his space from above. “What? What are you doing?”
She blinked a few times and squinted at him. “I’m grand.”
“The…” She gestured absently. “All of it. Is it easier when you’re not here? When it’s behind you?”
“Famished?” Mycroft tried not to crack a smile. “Will the wonders of your vocabulary never cease?”
Lestrade grinned. “If it makes you feel better, I don’t think he’s enjoying himself too much.”
“Everyone calls me Nutsack.”
Sherlock gave him a knowing look. “What ever gave you the impression I work for Six?”
“Yes,” Sherlock drawled. “So you can share those cross words with me.”
Sherlock had frozen just inside the DFAC, distracted first by the fight in the yard and then by the chaos and shouting. The second shot seemed to startle him out of it, and he found himself to be the last man standing. Standing very close to the mouth of the DFAC. Clearly standing and making himself a rather large target. “Jo-“
Bird planted her hands on her hips and glared. “I’ll pretend you didn’t just yell at me, shall I?”
Nick narrowed his eyes, weighing his options. “Two days.”
“Gregory?”
“Tha’s the whole point!”
Nick paced from one side of his bunk to the other, paused, executed a military pivot, and stalked to other side. It wasn’t quite enough. He did it again. And again. And again. He drew up in front of his bed, planted his hands on his hips and released a long sigh, letting his head drop. “Nope,” he muttered. And picked up the nearest object and hurled it against the wall with a frustrated shout.
“Hm,” Donovan considered it. “A little.”
John snickered. “The stories I could tell you about Bill.”
“Neither of which is why I’m sitting here though.”
“I assure you, Corporal House, that neither of these men are PONTIs.” Smith’s tone was far less dismissive than expected.
“Oh. Er, that’s good then.” He dropped into the spare seat and stretched his legs out. “Look, Mary, I was hoping you could… Lend me a hand.”
John dropped heavily into the corner of the couch, muttering, “I’ve had worse.”
“Made you look,” Sherlock purred.
John was still heaving breaths unsteadily. “Christ…”
“Your mum is alive,” Bird scowled. “I’ve met her, remember? She’s lovely. Which was quite a surprise.”
“Yeah.” Bird stretched out on her back. “Yeah, it was. You alright?”
“Look, all I’m saying is that we were happy out with simple IEDs until you showed up,” Simon huffed.
“John,” Sherlock shook his head. “He bought a pack of color pastels and grey ones. He had to look at the colored ones through a filter to figure out which ones would match up so that you wouldn’t notice. He had to break into your locker in the studio to relabel them, which must have been at night, while you were sleeping. And he did it all in the past four days.”
John’s palms were warm and heavy on his shoulders. So he sat.
He sighed. “Yes dear?”
Gee sighed. “No thanks.”
Nick groaned.
“My coat? Why?”
“Of course I do,” Nick dragged a hand across his face.
“Loo!” Mac sniggered.
“So you’ll actually deign to put on trousers and leave the flat?”
Loo closed his laptop and turned toward the pair with a concerned frown. Mac didn’t miss a beat, “From Scotland, ya numpty.”
Mag Aoidh raised a brow. “I know. But you’re only down about an inch of skin and maybe a tiny bit of pudge off your love-handle there. I think you’ll live.”
Today was awful."
John could feel the steam rising from him. He had showered with really hot water, and now he seemed like a wrathful cartoon character. In addition to the smell of soap, he could smell the scent that still spread from Sherlock — wet fur, blood, and raw meat. Sweat.
"Surprised?"Sherlock asked as the last piece of clothing was gone.
He took a bottle of disinfectant and a piece of cotton wool from the cabinet behind the mirror. The stinging smell of alcohol irritated his nostrils. Sherlock was still standing in the doorway. The steam that filled the bathroom stuck a torn shirt to his chest. John looked at him.
It's half past two in the morning and Sherlock is falling apart. His mind crumbles to tiny pieces and he just has to wait for it to become a ruin. Gray and empty. It's cloudy in his head, it's about to endless drizzle, it's like moor. Desolate and bleak. He is bored.
"They say that about me," Sherlock replied, still breathing, and his knuckles crackled as he rose and leaned on his forearm.
One evening, John looks up from the monitor and sees Sherlock staring at him from his desk. Their gazes collide.
Domes filled with water, exotic fish instead of birds of God, sharks instead of angels. The blue darkness of hectoliters above our heads, the illusion of depth where even God cannot see.
"I thought we'd ask the caregiver, how the hell I was supposed to know what silly idea would be born in your crazy head again?"
There is no point in dealing with this now.
"Or more like an agnostic."
"Sherlock, no. Please, I couldn't just live next to you, after that…"
"I wouldn't expect such cynicism from a doctor," the dark Irishman winked at John.
"Well, it wouldn't be for you."
" Yeah. Just a bad dream, " Sherlock sighed.
He throws logs to the flame of rotting hatred and knows what could distract him. Nice little intimate murder. He liked that in the kills - that is, on the solved ones - they were always a punishment for two. The unsolved murder seemed incomplete to him, insulted his intellect, and he couldn't stand it.
Sometimes people came to see him. They fed him because Mycroft had ordered them to.
John brushed snow from his hair, unbuttoned his jacket, and sat down at the bar.
"What was it meant?"
"..That I'm not at all surprised," John replied, but she was already behind the beaded curtain. When she returned, she was carrying a ten-inch-tall figure of a horned animal. It could be a pretty imitation of an antique if it didn't have an absolutely contemporary statement embossed on it below:
When the beautiful deep tone finally sounded, uncontrolled, free of any inhibitions and thoughts, accompanied by tremors and an almost painful grip on the palms and long fingers on his hips, John smiled within again, but revealed none of his tactics. He didn't need to brag, to show his perfection. The best evidence now breathed contentedly beside him. Instead, he whispered simply : "I love you."
Everyone dies. All hearts are broken - I did not drop that belief.
"Sherlock?" he asked in a low voice.
"You'll find the right gift for your friend in the book."
"He´s cute."
"Am I ? You're the one talking to a bull's head on the wall."
Yes. I do. John... I was hoping you'd...
SHERLOCK
Well, I told you you'd prove useful on the case.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Well, you don't have to be so cheeky about it.
This conversation is getting out of hand.
Just tell me what I can do to fix this. Please, just tell me.
Sherlock sits at the table with eyes closed and fingers steepled. John enters and looks at his briefly and continues to the sink. He puts on his gloves and begins washing the dishes.
V.O. stands for Voice Over. I use that when you can hear the character's voices over the telephone, baby monitor, etc.
The medics look pleased by this. Mrs. Hudson bustles to the kitchen.
(to Nazir)
(smiling hugely)
So much meddling, Mycroft!
(with misgiving, sadness)
Meanwhile, my brother equates us to two horses in love.
"This isn't the first time we've kissed, is it?" Sherlock murmured, trying very hard to recall something that had slipped his mind. John gripped the back of the chair just a bit harder.
They both look out over the water pensively.
Not even Sherlock?!
LESTRADE
(flushing with embarrassment)
They were a lot of fun, Sherlock. Very fun. I think you might like them.
Sherlock rises, shakes her hand, and departs.
CLERK
LESTRADE
(over monitor)
Very good. You dearly love the prospect of being taken from behind like this, don't you John? The element of danger... the forcefulness... you putty in my hands... pleasured by my cock.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Oh good.
Sherlock lifts the duvet for John who crawls in bed. Sherlock snuggles up next to him and sighs happily. They are quiet for a moment.
(sniffs again)
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Mrs. H! Are you in?
(attempting to be calm)
Sherlock, listen to me. I’ll take care of this. You go spruce up.
Sherlock smiles softly and a bit wistfully down at John. John looks away, overcome.
John." Sherlock snapped his fingers and pointed at John's drink as the waiter walked by.
I don't want to lose him, Audrey. I've lost so much already in my life. I can't afford to lose him by making the mistake of telling him how I feel.
He breaks off, totally distracted by the glimpse of the red pants on the dresser. He shakes his head to refocus on the diaper-changing task at hand.
SHERLOCK
A taxi pulls up and John and Sherlock exit the taxi looking spiffy in their suits. John, indeed, has worn a baby blue shirt with his waistcoat. They smile at each other and enter the building.
Of course, their safeword would have to be Vatican Cameos.
SHERLOCK
Not really.
(still circling)
Since this is likely to be the last conversation I'll have with John Watson, would you mind if we took a moment?
John?!
(after no response)
But you are already halfway there. It's on my dresser. Thank you, John.
(with voice ragged)
(encouragingly)
Yes, a date. That would be quite nice, Mrs. H, thank you.
SHERLOCK
The reply reads:
SHERLOCK
We've done little more than kiss... haven't even seen each other naked...
(shrugs)
(emphatically)
"Well then, you sit here like a miserable sod drinking alone, and I'll head out on the dance floor.
We're off to splash in mud puddles at the park, like Peppa Pig.
It's fine, John. The tests all came back negative.
Oh! If a man delivers some pig parts later this afternoon while I'm out, could you please sign for them, Mrs. H?
SHERLOCK
(chastened)
Reminds you what?
(barely waiting for them to leave the room)
SHERLOCK
Yes, I am.
SHERLOCK
"Well... good," John said in relief, then added, "You look very nice, too."
SHERLOCK
Another text from Sherlock pops up. It reads:
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Excellent.
Want any eggs?
No, we'll continue.
SHERLOCK
Yeah, he was helping us at a crime scene and he must have lost track of time. Stuck in traffic now. Sorry, he's a bit flighty.
(clearing throat)
Sherlock closes the door and scampers down the stairs while John watches him go, gob-smacked.
MYCROFT
INT. MEDICAL FACILITY - RECEPTION AREA - CONTINUOUS
CLERK
Sherlock enters the dark and quiet flat.
Not if you are a diversity applicant.
May I?
Sherlock grins from ear to ear. John frowns. Rosie drops her spoon on the ground.
SHERLOCK
It all went surprisingly well. My parents were delighted to have me home. I did my best to be delighted back. Within reason, of course.
221B BAKER STREET - SHERLOCK'S BEDROOM - 2 MONTHS LATER - NIGHT
SHERLOCK
A safeword?
Sherlock runs a knuckle from John's collarbone to his groin.
No, he did not. I deduced it.
Are you nervous?
It's not that big.
SHERLOCK
DR HERSCHER
Because I want to be a better partner, John!
I tried to make a go of it. I really did. Tried to build a relationship with her. She and I put a solid effort in, and it almost worked.
SHERLOCK
(enraged, in Sherlock's face)
SHERLOCK
I promise you that's not the case.
Sherlock was rendered speechless: his head reeled with far too much emotion and far too many narcotics.
Yes. Some testing sites even give same-day results.
(sadly)
Watch it Sherlock! You can't go yanking those things out so quickly. If you don't go more carefully, it’s going to be Vatican Cameos. Do you understand?
"So, what should we talk about?" Sherlock asked. John heaved a sigh and stayed tight-lipped, not looking at Sherlock. Sherlock always felt an odd mix of irritation and empathy when John went into one of his silent snits. Sherlock often wished he had more tools at his disposal, when all he really wanted to do was take his friend into his embrace and console him.
He analyzes all aspects of John's expression: Desire. Reciprocity. Intimacy. Guilt. Empathy. Caring. Friendship... no, something stronger than friendship, Sherlock decides. What is it? Sherlock ponders it. Intimacy, desire, empathy... but mixed with something else... something very deep.
One more thing to add... kissing.
Well then, let me go check on Rosie and I'll see you there in a few.
SHERLOCK
Yes. It bloody well is.
Sherlock still has a blank look on his face.
(pleasantly, with a mouth full of biscuit)
SHERLOCK
Audrey grins and nods and doesn't say anything.
SHERLOCK
AUDREY
I wanted to watch you come, and come, and come, Sherlock.
(huskily)
Some other substance then?
SHERLOCK
Sherlock gives John a sour look. He unbuckles Rosie and picks her up.
necessary for flirting purposes, "What better way to meet said regulars than mingling?"
ROSIE
(sighing)
SHERLOCK
I have a date planned for us this coming Thursday.
MYCROFT
"How kind of him," John smirked.
Don't forget to play with yourself, John. Oh Lord. I want us to come like this...
Oh, Sherlock, I'm so relieved. We've been so worried about your heart ever since Mary --
(awkwardly)
Good deducing, John.
SHERLOCK
You know, a date. It's when two people who like each other go out and have fun...
(worried, disappointed)
[Note: John has returned to therapy sessions with Ella, his original therapist, after the whole Eurus debacle. Sherlock has been going to her for at least two years, as well.]
(alarmed)
Well, so am I.
The teacher hands the phone to Audrey.
John falters a little as he fills his cup. He turns to look at Sherlock.
We are taking it slow. We agreed.
It has happened before... I suddenly wake up in the night and my heart is pounding like mad. So, I'm a bit worried about it happening tonight.
Sherlock texts back immediately. It reads:
John exhales slowly.
(rubbing head)
SHERLOCK
Let's go home.
There'll be biscuits!
(in terse, measured tones)
(grinning, too)
Sherlock begins to walk away. Mycroft sighs and starts to follow.
Sherlock was the same the other day, too. Like the two of you are contemplating the secrets of the universe or something.
SHERLOCK
I forgot I was dating a bloodhound.
You're very welcome.
SHERLOCK
(not convinced)
We should have just stayed up and talked then.
The address is--
SHERLOCK
John quivers at the implications of these words.
SH: HE SEEMS SLIGHTLY MORE MIFFED WHEN WITNESSING ME FLIRTING WITH MEN RATHER THAN WOMEN, WITH AN AGE RANGE OF 30-55 CAUSING THE MOST IRRITATION
No, no, no. Granted, I've spent many nights on this sofa and know it's serviceable... but you... you, my friend, are a man who craves routine... and creature comforts. This will never do.
(hugely jealous)
Sherlock's invited himself along and ruined everything. Of course. Not the first time.
And so, when Irene texted, I knew that if at least one of us were happy... if at least one of us could find love... then it would all be okay.
SHERLOCK
INT. SHERLOCK'S BEDROOM - LATER
On Tuesday, Sherlock woke up early enough to join John in dropping off Rosie at her nursery, and then talked John into picking up some coffee at a nearby shop before going their separate ways for work. Sherlock did his very best to flirt with the handsome barista taking his order, and was rewarded with a lecture from John about holding up the line with "needless banter", but it was hard to tell if his friend was more upset by the flirting or by the delay in getting his caffeine fix.
SHERLOCK
I was supposed to have a staff meeting, but it got canceled. Since I didn't have any patients scheduled, I decided to do the shopping early... then have a little break before going to fetch Rosie.
You sound like my landlady, Mrs. Hudson.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
I never once detected any jealousy from you about me and Mary. You practically planned our whole wedding for us, for heaven's sake.
You are welcome to share your views on that with me. But there was something else you mentioned that I would like to unpack a bit.
I figured we'd start with the smallest one and move our way up.
Sherlock catches a whiff of something and inhales deeply. His eyes widen in surprise.
Yes. Not as bad as I thought it would be.
Everyone knows your first date should be a lunch date. Sherlock and John have important things to discuss.
John carefully inserts a finger in Sherlock's anus. Sherlock moans deliciously. With concentration, John slowly moves the finger in and out, eliciting more delighted sounds from Sherlock.
John's arse.
(chuckling)
EXT. IRENE'S NEW TOWNHOUSE - BELGRAVIA - 40 MINUTES LATER
(curtly)
You'll see that it's nothing.
(leaning through archway)
Well, thank you for that.
(low)
... Contributing to the betterment of society?
Irene, I know you don't want your name tied to this...
(annoyed)
It's the fairness of it all, Audrey! The imbalance. I feel guilty. Why should I get all the pleasure and he gets none? All I want to do is reciprocate, but...
John wakes from a sound sleep.
Let's go, Lestrade! The two of you, all so buddy-buddy... dare I say flirty? Mycroft’s going to hear about this.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Mycroft looks peeved but then a mischievous little grin grows on his face.
Yes, they go on the toys.
Nothing Sherlock. Anything new with YOU?
First, I would like to acknowledge that this relationship with your boyfriend has been a significant one, one that has encouraged you to express yourself emotionally as well as sexually.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Where do you think you're going?!
I couldn't do either very well as it turned out, cheating on my wife, ignoring my daughter.
(folding arms)
Lucky for you, I don't know how to do any of that yet. Only what I've picked up from you...
You are doing very well, Sherlock.
Molly Hooper strips off her mask, gown, and gloves and washes her hands thoroughly, humming pleasantly to herself. The door swings open and Sherlock walks in.
Anyway, time for dancing. Play the music again please.
(with a little pain)
And dinner?
"No? Why 'no'? Honestly, it's your favorite word tonight, John."
Okay... well, let's get you properly positioned. I haven't any gloves, but I have soap and water...
Fantasy?
Lestrade pops his head through the door.
- Mrs. Hudson opens the door of 221 Baker Street to help John, Sherlock, and Rosie out of the rain.
I'll wait for you in the foyer.
Just... consider moving back in.
MRS HUDSON
SHERLOCK
John puts his mouth around Sherlock's cock again. Sherlock cries out in response. John eagerly continues.
Sherlock looks up at John defiantly.
John smiles, relieved, and the parents blow kisses back to their children.
Do you not know how attractive you are?
SHERLOCK
John surveys the toys. Sherlock stands nearby.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock, your timing is horrible. Please don't try coming on to me when I'm dealing with a crabby child. And if she really is sick, I'll probably need to sleep in my own bed tonight to keep a eye on her.
Perhaps. Perhaps not. I was considering using my mouth this time. Would that be amenable to you?
require a stakeout of sorts—even though Sherlock was certain the crime was an inside job that could be solved in a matter of minutes.
AUDREY
MRS HUDSON (O.S.)
(a little sadly)
But how could that be?
(flummoxed)
Er... what?
Molly finally looks up at him.
We have to decide things together. Look, come meet me at the park near Barts at lunchtime. 12:30? Please? It's the best I can do today.
MOLLY
What would you say to some takeaway curry for dinner tonight?
--Three times in 47 hours.
SHERLOCK
Bye-Bye!
Sherlock sits up regally and stares at John haughtily.
Doesn't that defeat the purpose of a step back?
There is a tremendous crash from Mrs. Hudson's flat. Sherlock jumps to his feet in alarm.
Rosie and I truly did distract you, then. From her, I mean.
Sherlock shoots John a sour look. John collects Rosie and their things for the day, about to leave the kitchen.
(another pause)
SHERLOCK
"This coming from the man who stood up in front of God and everyone at my wedding and vowed to look after me and my family for the rest of his life," John chuckled.
I suspect deep down you know that’s not the issue here.
(shrugging, smiling)
(still suspicious)
SHERLOCK
So soon?
And now the right hand...
In fact, I feel worse.
(annoyed)
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
A Madame Tracy, perhaps?
(digging out phone from pocket)
SHERLOCK
I'm not quite sure how we went from fannying about with dildos to a massive heart-to-heart, Sherlock.
Dr. Herscher sighs and fixes him with a stony stare.
DR HERSCHER
Oh!... Is she... single?
If I remember correctly, you found my sheet coming off rather... exciting?
And here's more phalanges...
(deeply)
You may be a jealous prick, but I am a possessive one. And a show off. I may have wanted to flaunt our relationship a bit.
I can't get enough of them. Fuck.
Mycroft takes a deep breath and settles back into his seat.
How was your visit with Eurus and your parents? You stayed a day longer than expected.
(appalled)
That's right! They're the closest thing you have to grandparents, really. Sorry my parents are such duds.
What is it, John?
Sherlock reads on his phone in bed. John exits the bathroom in his pajamas.
What about kicking the shite out of your best friend after months and months of wrongly blaming him for your wife's death? Jesus, I was a heartless ass.
(closing eyes with pleasure)
ROSIE
Up you go!
Mmmmm... soft.
I keep a special reserve for sex with Sherlock. I will ride you all night, if need be.
Holmes... you okay, mate?
SHERLOCK
Hi Rosie. Now, off to the potty you go.
Without a word, John turns and walks briskly to Sherlock's room. Sherlock places his hands on the table and leans over, overcome with desire, and watches him go.
"Fine," John shot back testily, "But… just cut it out with all the flirting, yeah?"
(sulking)
You okay, Sherlock?
SHERLOCK
She likes the pink one... the one with the equestrian theme.
AUDREY
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
LESTRADE
SHERLOCK
John looks up at Irene, realizing she's right. She cocks an eyebrow at him in response.
(seductively)
Yes, I did. Are you actually going to share?
NAZIR
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock with a mischievous grin on his face, does so.
Sherlock looks at the toy with confusion and consults the laptop. Flipping the toy around, he lines it up with John's arsehole.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock, stop. Before you kill me.
AUDREY
Sherlock?
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
There's at least one dangerous thing I haven't been able to give up...
-- when my relationship with her is far more significant.
Nazir zooms down the street. Sherlock is frantically texting on his phone in the passenger seat.
Mrs. Hudson, please!
Well, I can do some drying at least.
Yes, I am.
(to both)
Fine!
Sherlock, how can you possibly know that he loves you, then?
Sherlock begins pacing the room slowly. John gets a little teary-eyed.
John is quick to peel off and dispose of the glove. He opens a condom packet and rolls it down his rigid length with gasping breath. Sherlock bends his knees and opens his legs wide. John kneels between Sherlock's legs and licks his lips nervously.
Here. I'll take over. You lie down. Take my place. It's your turn.
John pushes Rosie in the stroller to the front door while trying to shield himself from the rain. They enter the building and John folds up the stroller.
SHERLOCK
Molly drops the sex toy back into the bag and glowers at Sherlock.
Sherlock "accidentally" brushes against John's shoulder. John sidesteps away and sips coffee.
Don't you think I would know if I were in love with John Watson?
John walks down the pavement, closing his coat against the cold and dark. Sherlock runs up.
Well... I may be in love with John Watson as it turns out, Mrs. Hudson.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
He hurries after Sherlock who is already out the door.
(stage whisper)
"Mycroft, hold onto that for the medics, would you please? And could you… erm … give us a minute? It’ll only be a minute. I’ll manage to get him off the plane, even in this state. Promise."
(surprised)
"Well, they'll just have to do. As for footwear, something a little fancier than loafers would work... have any dark boots?" Sherlock asked as John grew anxious again. He knew for a fact John did not. Sherlock didn't want to cause John too much worry, but better the man fret now
SHERLOCK
Sherlock really does like kissing.
SHERLOCK
Marta chuckles as she leaves. John shrugs and sits down on the sofa. Sherlock sits down next to him.
Sherlock studies John carefully.
Yeah, that's the ticket, shhh.
Alright then.
John steps away to grab his phone and a pillow.
Sherlock shrugs, not understanding.
Sherlock stays silent, waiting for John to continue. John takes a cleansing breath.
Oh, okay, John.
You cuff them.
Well... good night, Sherlock.
I did make a vow to you and her before, if you remember.
Sherlock hurries to prep a small purple dildo.
SHERLOCK
Apple!
Oh! Sorry! I better take this. Go ahead.
Sherlock... really?
Yes, that could be true as well.
EXT. AUDREY'S TERRACE HOUSE – EVENING (STILL WITHIN FLASHBACK)
Mrs. Hudson visits Rosie and the boys on a rainy Saturday. Sherlock is obnoxious.
You know, it would be handy if I had a drawer in your dresser for some of my things... pajamas and the like.
They really liked you when they met you. They gave you your favorite dog shirt.
Money and energy well spent, John.
She shakes her head and reaches out for a different one.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Just the art fencing one... and the one with the carpet stain... and the one with the fairy lights spelling out a death threat...
Alright then. Catch you later.
Ehhhhhhh?
It's one of your bad days, Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
It's okay Rosie... everything's okay... go back to sleep darling.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock's eyes travel to the shopping bag and so do Molly's. Sherlock begins pacing slowly.
NAZIR
SHERLOCK
How was everything here, with you and Rosie?
(reaching for the coffee pot)
When there's no immediate response, he barrels out the door and down the steps.
I'm well aware of that.
SHERLOCK
Suddenly Sherlock bursts back into the kitchen (toast still in hand) and walks deliberately over to John. With his free hand, he grabs John by the waist and pulls him in for a big ol' kiss. John looks stunned.
(relieved)
John storms back into the kitchen.
So, what's going on with you and John?
MOLLY
What? I never!
Maybe not to you, but it is to me!
(to Angeline)
SHERLOCK'S BEDROOM - 3 HOURS LATER
SHERLOCK
(quietly)
Sorry? It's only lunch.
NAZIR
SH:  GOOD QUESTION. CAN'T HELP MYSELF
(desperately)
John lifts his head to look at Sherlock's face which is smiling down with adoration at him.
What? Why not? It will only take a minute... and I feel so badly about all this. Could I see her please?
(holding up bundle)
Glad to hear it.
(calmly)
SHERLOCK
No, Sherlock, you don't understand. He is a good man. An honest man, a very upfront man. Such a breath of fresh air compared to all the conniving, convoluted people I'm surrounded by in my line of work. And honestly, I fear I am perhaps the worst offender of them all.
(to Audrey)
Jesus.
DR HERSCHER
This is going to make me come...
"Yes." John's voice had gone very low and sexy. "Yes, you did." John leaned in and kissed Sherlock passionately. Sherlock braced himself and marveled at John's multitasking abilities: masturbating two people at once while kissing him senseless in the process.
Rosie continues crying. John occasionally hushes "Sh-Sh-Sh" to get her to quiet down.
I bet.
It's because of the sex, isn't it?
Just tell me already, Greg.
Well, off you go to lunch. Nazir is waiting for ya.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - KITCHEN - THURSDAY - MORNING
You really make these buttons work hard, you know.
Sherlock kisses the scar gently, making John gasp. Sherlock wraps his arms around John's waist and kisses the scar again, and a third time. John throws his head back, enjoying it all, desire pooling in his loins.
SHERLOCK
Sorry?
One year.
MRS HUDSON
SHERLOCK
He's shown up on my dates before. More than once.
Thanks for letting me borrow your phone, Viv. It is such a pain I left mine at home today.
(hissing)
They both face forward on the bench during the following conversation (with little or no eye contact), sipping tea, with their lunches unopened on their laps.
And I am very protective of him. See to it that you never behave that way towards him ever again.
Don't call me "goldfish."
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Who's on the list, then, if you don’t mind me asking?
SHERLOCK
Oh! They are very nice, Rosie. Could I join you at the park?
John peppers the back of Sherlock's neck with small kisses. Sherlock is still breathing too hard to speak.
SHERLOCK
(both amused and intimidated)
That was a good bout of experimentation, I'd say.
(in thought, analyzing)
John looks away bashfully. Sherlock, suddenly stunned, takes a step back. He puts a hand to his chest as his heart begins to race.
I do.
SHERLOCK
Okay, here goes...
Behave yourselves, you two.
And I may have done a bit of extra research.
AUDREY
MYCROFT
John quietly gets out of bed. Sherlock turns and looks at him with a bigger pout than before.
In a flash of inspiration, John takes as much of Sherlock's cock in his mouth and sucks.
MYCROFT
SHERLOCK
Oh please, John. You needn't be jealous. The number of times he called out your name during sex is beyond ridiculous.
Sherlock's anger builds. Mycroft's eyebrows shoot up as John bends over to help Rosie with something. Mycroft tilts his head to better appreciate John's backside in his tight jeans.
SHERLOCK
FLASHBACK - INT. BANQUET HALL - WATSON WEDDING RECEPTION - NIGHT ("THE SIGN OF THE THREE")
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
The dead kid in the well, that's a doozy!
(shaking a finger at him)
You have to be patient, Mycroft. Try some small talk.
"You look very nice, John." It was both a statement of fact and a compliment. Sherlock couldn't keep his eyes off him.
John follows with trepidation.
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - SHERLOCK'S BEDROOM – NIGHT - ONE MONTH LATER
Blimey!
Lovely, now I have two crabby children.
Shut up, please.
It's fine, don't worry about it.
John nodded and made a beeline for the corner booth, just as the deejay began playing the dance music in full force. Sherlock dashed off a quick text to Irene.
Ta! Be careful!
John huffs and turns away to continue washing dishes.
Don't forget lubricant. A dollop.
Sherlock pulls his head back from the doorway. Lestrade stares off into space with a frown. Sherlock pops his head in the door frame once again.
I see it has given you quite the erection.
Please promise me you'll eat something before you go.
Sherlock tries to get his emotions under control, but he's losing the battle. Mycroft notices.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock bustles about the room turning on the monitor, grabbing the Union Jack pillow and a throw blanket. John starts to snore.
John complies, his eyes returning to watching Sherlock's face. John spread his legs wide and Sherlock kneels in the space John has created. Sherlock carefully studies the lay of the land: John's rock-hard cock waiting for his touch.
MRS HUDSON
With a crocked smile, Sherlock lifts the jumper off of John's head, then off his arms. It is chucked onto the floor unceremoniously. Sherlock smiles down at John.
Sherlock sips his tea and doesn't answer. John gives up and returns to the stove.
John grabs the door jam behind him to brace himself and to keep his hands off Sherlock. Sherlock resumes his onslaught of kisses, being merciless with his tongue. He pulls John roughly to him by his waistband and has his hands down John's pants in a flash.
No Sherlock. Unfortunately not.
MRS HUDSON
SHERLOCK
NAZIR
SHERLOCK
If I recall correctly, you value his opinion quite a lot. Has he much to say about your new relationship?
Sherlock grabs the shaft of John's penis, stroking slowly, and leans in close to John's face.
(quickly, excited)
Could be.
Sherlock cannot suppress his joy in hearing this. He smiles softly.
MYCROFT
You stay here.
(gasping)
DR HERSCHER
Anyway, who wants to spend twenty-four hours a day with their significant other, hm?
Want any breakfast?
"Apparently,
John flops down on his side and Sherlock snuggles up behind him, spooning him. Sherlock drapes and arm around John's torso and gives soothing kisses on the back of John’s neck. John sighs, appeased.
SHERLOCK
Well done, Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
I need your hoover!
(snorts nervously)
Yes, I'm sure it is a complete coincidence that your running route took you through this particular park at this particular time, Mycroft.
Sherlock walks over to take his violin case from the corner and then places it on his chair.
MRS HUDSON
If you don't tell me, my hand stays right here. For all the world to see.
I know. Just come sleep.
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - SITTING ROOM - EVENING
SHERLOCK
Only if I get to experiment on you, too.
(perhaps feigning ignorance)
SHERLOCK
Oh stop! He's not been in love with me for ten years.
Of course, John, of course. Nonetheless, if you are open to the idea, I would like to lend you a hand.
(throwing up hands)
(nodding in John's direction)
(sadly)
"Are you okay?" John asked with worry.
SHERLOCK
"Like I said, we can go slow. Take all the time—"
John, the toys can all be easily cleaned off. The salesperson at the sex shop said as much --
Yeah, you smell like a thrift shop. The bloodhound's surely going to notice. Let's give you a wash. Maybe two washes.
(annoyed)
ROSIE
SHERLOCK
Sherlock, breathing heavily, squirms with delight.
I meant to ask, how do I clean these?
SHERLOCK
(eyes lingering on John's erection through his pants)
SHERLOCK
Jesus, Sherlock! No, not what I expected either. Let me go throw on some PJ's and clean my teeth and I'll meet you in your room in a few.
Keep walking Audrey.
I would never tease you about your jumpers... or the fact you wear them ten months out of the year.
A shame. Destroying evidence.
Sherlock slides the finger partway out, and then slowly inserts two fingers. The feeling is fuller, much fuller, and John grits his teeth as his anus is stretched.
INT. SHERLOCK'S BEDROOM - A FEW MINUTES LATER
John tosses laundry into the washing machine. He holds up his newly purchased jeans and gives them a sniff.
Sherlock mops up, rather meticulously, to John's relief and surprise. It is John's turn to surreptitiously watch Sherlock's somber face. John can't help but be in awe of the man.
SHERLOCK
ROSIE
Okay, thank you John.
You know, A big hunk of salt crystal that they stick a light bulb inside... the bulb heats the salt crystal and it’s supposed to release healing vapors into the air.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock smiles and hugs Mrs. Hudson. John looks up at both of them with soft admiration.
SHERLOCK
(parroting John)
SHERLOCK
Can you keep a secret?
(rising hastily)
SHERLOCK
Enough, Sherlock. Thank you, I get the point. I don't need a laundry list of all my failed relationships.
On the contrary. From what you've told me these past couple of months, you've been able to openly express your limitations with him, and he has for the most part heard them and respected them. This has allowed you the security and freedom to develop emotionally and sexually.
I hope you are kind to those folks.
John wakes up with a start. He puts his hand to his groin and grimaces a bit.
ANGELINE
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
John ponders it for a short while.
Let's begin.
(annoyed)
Me: It is.
(furious)
Everything all right with the test results, Sherlock? ... Look, we can deal with whatever's come up ... I promise, we'll get you whatever medical care you need.
(quietly, chuckling)
Sherlock, I need your cock inside me!
John sits up carefully, throws back the covers and looks down at his crotch. He gets a confused expression on his face.
John descends the stairs from his upstairs room having just put Rosie to bed. He enters the sitting room finding Sherlock on his chair, reading on his phone. Sherlock yawns.
(snippy)
Sherlock nestled his head on John's chest for a sleepy cuddle.
"You always look nice in your dressy black button-up," noted Sherlock. He was breaking his new rule about not flirting with John, but the man seemed to need the confidence boost, plus Sherlock didn't know if compliments necessarily counted as flirting. Still, John blushed slightly at the comment, and Sherlock had to restrain himself from "compliment flirting" more.
Let yourself be in love, Sherlock. Enjoy it. Go on some dates. Have a good time together. And for God's sake stop fretting about it.
Audrey leave?
Oh Sherlock, that's wonderful!
It was starting to become difficult for Sherlock to keep his eyes and mind focused, but he tried his mightiest for John.
But you've been an unbearable grump ever since, picking fights with me left and right all weekend long!
Sherlock stops pacing to face Molly straight on.
I suspect it may be something to do with the house.  Perhaps something IN the house. I assume you and your woman there have taken drug tests recently as well?
SHERLOCK
"You weren't about to let me get through my proposal that night, were you?" John kidded.
MRS HUDSON
Are John and his daughter still living with you? I suspect that your romantic relationship might impact your living arrangement with them somewhat. Come to think about it... you've not mentioned John very much over the last few months, not since you started this new --
A particularly bad birthday as it turns out. Culverton Smith. Too many drugs. The lot of you... Molly, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson... taking turns babysitting me here at the flat. It was your shift and... well, you didn't want to be there. Couldn't wait to get out of there, in fact. Who could blame you?
Are you ready, Sherlock?
And when you are down here, you can be helpful around the flat, too. At my age, I shouldn't go about standing on stools. And you're nice and tall.
Sherlock, Officer AJ NAZIR (30's, female, Pakistani, even-tempered) ,and a few other Scotland Yard officers stand around two dead bodies. Large, idle locomotives are in the background.
Sherlock delicately curls one gloved finger, brushing against John's prostate.
Well, you don't seem to care for the sound all that much, and neither does Mrs. Hudson for that matter.
IRENE
SHERLOCK
TEACHER
SHERLOCK
Anyway, plenty of overly-blunt opinions about my choice of girlfriends and general annoyance with my dating life... but actual jealousy? Not really.
That's better. Where was I? Ah yes. So, we can't seem to figure out how or where she's handing off the stolen merchandise. Officer Nazir thinks it must be a family member, but the girl's got no relations here in London, or anywhere it Europe.
Nevertheless John, I am not innocent here. You were provoked. Relentlessly.
SH:  NO NOT "GOOD", IRENE. JW'S RESPONSE HAS NOT BEEN AS INTENSE OR PRONOUNCED AS I WOULD LIKE. "SLIGHT ANNOYANCE" IS NOT THE SAME AS JW FALLING HEAD OVER HEELS FOR ME
No, I'm only dating John. John is the person I'm in a relationship with... he's my boyfriend.
Ready to play, Eurus?
(panicked, running over)
Mrs. Hudson pats his hand.
It's just...
Yep. Of course. Slow. Sloth-like. Glacial.
SHERLOCK
All right, all right! John Watson and I are dating.
SHERLOCK
(tutting)
He stops himself, realizing what he's about to say isn't strictly true anymore. The clerk waits patiently.
INT. POLICE CAR - CONTINUOUS
I'm here to collect Rosie for Sherlock.
(surprised)
All these drugs... so unnecessary.
(coming to his senses)
(waving bottle around)
(blushing a bit)
I'm very sorry to hear that, Mycroft.
John gives a worried look towards Rosie. Rosie sighs dramatically. John walks over and swoops up Rosie.
SHERLOCK
She closes the door behind her.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock kisses John soft and long. He pulls John closer to him. Hands start finding their way up shirts and down pants. The kissing continues.
Audrey and Dorian approach.
John gets out of bed and gathers up the bedding.
SHERLOCK
Mrs. Hudson will do it. She's offered before, on several occasions.
Bones.
No Dada! Sherk!
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Er... Mondays and Wednesdays?
MYCROFT
John's hand movements match his words perfectly. Sherlock, indeed, is whipped up into a frenzy now.
I'm much too worn out to be faking anything, at the moment. And anyway, preventing myself from manufacturing false and manipulative emotions is something I've been working hard on with my therapist...
Overreacting? Nope. No. Don't think I am. Just answer the question.
John nodded to him in stern understanding.
ROSIE
Fear of missing out.
John, you're no innocent bystander here either, buddy.
SHERLOCK
She gets all her cleverness from her mother.
John carries crying Rosie out of the room and upstairs. Sherlock looks up from his phone and watches them go pensively.
Uh huh. Go on.
You are very welcome.
Mwah! Mwah!
In the short time it takes John to select a pair, Sherlock has stripped off his own suit trousers, kicking them into the corner.
Things haven't been great between us lately. A bit of a bumpy patch.
(with an impish grin)
SHERLOCK
Sherlock, it's late. I'm tired. We should each sleep on this anyway. We can continue this discussion when we're fresh.
Sherlock smiles at this. John rubs his forehead and yawns.
I see where you are going with this...
Rosie and I have a playdate with Dorian and Audrey at the playground, don't we Rosie?
There is an enthusiastic response on the other end of the line and Molly briefly pulls the phone away from her ear and smiles.
(dreamily)
Wonderful.
But is that going to be enough for you?
Mycroft smirks happily. The warden enters.
(whistling in admiration)
Yes! I knew it! See, I told ya? That wasn't just some random snogging in the park I witnessed the other day.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Sherlock smirks and begins to inspect the furnishings, giving everything a good sniff.
Sherlock, still leaning against the headboard, plants his feet on the bed with his knees spread apart to give John easy access. John kneels between Sherlock's legs. He adds more lube to his left hand and runs it up and down the length of Sherlock's erection. Sherlock sighs happily. John adds his mouth, working the head of Sherlock's cock with his tongue and lips. Sherlock begins gasping little moans of pleasure.
(interrupting)
No, not in the least. And here's the kicker...
Very good. So, Lucky and Thistle. Two horses in love. It sounds unforgivably twee, but I swear to you it was a bloody nuisance for everyone involved. The two constantly had to be pastured together. They were fiercely protective of each other. If they were ever separated, they would whinny and run amok, fuss and go feral, risking injury to themselves and unsettling every other farm animal in the vicinity. It was a real problem; the neighbors complained of it endlessly.
“Yes.” John nodded grimly. “But, Sherlock, you’re ok. Yeah?”
Smith smiled ruefully. “We are. And were it just Terry Taliban taking pot shots at the gates, I wouldn’t mind. But the sneaky buggers are going after my bomb disposal unit and they’re being right unsporting about it.”
John crossed his arms. “Necessary evil.”
Nick grinned savagely. “He would. I deserve it.”
“One week. Final offer.”
“What’s up?” Mag Aoidh appeared with an empty mug in her hand.
John cracked a smile. “I don’t suppose you often get to ask after someone’s shot in the chest with an RPG.”
Sherlock pulled up short, “Ah, yes. Nuttall, was it?”
“You want MI6 to look at this? Feck and you say I’m crazy!”
“Or he’ll say that I’ve, I dunno, parted my hair wrong one morning.”
Then Towerblock glanced down at the Major. And he did a double take. “Well fuck me.”
“Cheers.” Nick started walking as Nuttall fell in beside him. “Thankfully, I still have that one attached and your mother serviced it properly just last week.”
“Major, it’s fine,” Gee tried to interject.
“Fuck, Gee.”
Bird snorted.
“You know what I still don’t understand?”
“I don’t,” he muttered into his hands.
“You know what I do to appear productive?” Mac interrupted. He paused and grinned.
He sucked in a deep breath. “You can’t though.”
“Clear!” Simon called.
“John,” his brow rose slightly higher.
“Busier than normal?”
“Corporal,” John gave Towerblock a brisk nod as he was crossing the yard. “Have you seen Nuttall about?”
“Thanks!”
Bird was back on the coms, relaying their position.
“He is not my superior. And Bill is full of rubbish stories. And you’re an idiot for listening to him in the first place.”
“That was the
Gee laughed as if startled. “Stood down?”
“Is everything alright? I heard that…” she trailed off at the expression on his face.
Bird and Gee glanced at each other and back at the Padre.
“For some… Sherlock, I’m not cross with you. I’m fucking livid.”
Bird scoffed.
Gee made her way into the Det, dusting her hands on her fatigues. “What lives in the glens?”
“Boss! Cover!”
“First of all,” John eased the chair back onto two legs and finally twisted to meet Sherlock’s gaze. “That one bunks with Lansley. And I’ve only known the kid for a few hours, but I’d be so far beyond just complaining. Second, that one is flat broke from gambling with Medhurst.”
Nick sighed as he reached the door to his bunk. “Padre.”
“Everyone,” he said seriously.
“Exactly what I said!” Nick snapped.
“I’m fine, yeah? You’re fine. I’m fine. You’re just coming down a bit.”
“There is none, my friend.” It was a casual enough reply, but he heeded the warning in the question itself and carefully moved to position himself near the rear of the mastiff.
“Of course, Mycroft. Mostly intact. Major Watson has seen to it.”
Sherlock picked up the battery to scrutinize it. “Do you often find this brand out here?”
“Yes, Loo, what is it?”
“Oi,” John nudged him with an elbow. “It was his idea at least half the time.”
“I-what?” John took a step back.
“Not another word, Gordo!”
“Please.”
“Sherlock,” he warned.
“This is going nowhere fast. Where are we on the Reilly case?”
Curling tighter in on himself Sherlock came to a decision. No matter what, he wouldn't put his friend through any more pain and anguish. No more reminders of a life that could (should) have been. If it was distance that John required, Sherlock would honour the unspoken request. Regardless of what came up, he would take on his next case alone.
the diet, Mycroft?”
“Course.”
“Since…”
“Oh, you didn’t, did you? Not trying it on with her too now?”
not a murder scene! And that,” he poked a finger at tarp on the ground. “Is a
“Mmn,” Sherlock hummed.
“Nothing.”
Sherlock scoffed. “Is it boredom that has you observing this tedium? One engineer complaining about his bunkmate, the other pretending the repair of that drone is remotely challenging?”
“Oh, erm, Mrs. Hudson.” Dr. Watson flushed out to his ears. “I’m… I’m so sorry. I didn’t realize…”
The clamber and muttered cussing of Mac and Rocket dragging what looked to be the plastic walls of a disused priv across the yard upended whatever still had briefly settled. John twisted in his chair to watch them struggle with the heavy plastic then shot Gee a wry look and raised a brow.
Bird grinned. “No surprise we put our ATO in his capable hands.”
“What?”
John winked at her.
“We’re ok,” John echoed and pressed a firm kiss to Sherlock’s forehead.
Towerblock groaned. “This is Mac and Rocket. Infantry. And…”
“Jesus, Bird. Can’t you bother looking where you’re going?"
“No!” It didn’t matter who shouted first, but at least three people at the table were involved.
“Also beats the shit outta burying your triggers,” Bird added as she joined the conversation. “Signals out here are desperate anyway.”
“Oi!” Towerblock barked. “Lads! We have guests.” Mac and Rocket were on their feet in a flash. “Privates, this is Major Watson and Mr. Holmes. They’ll be observing for the next short while.”
“How long until Mac and Rocket convince Simon to use it?”
“Ta. You around for a cuppa before I’m off?”
“Oh, thank God!” Nick pushed himself to standing.
“Boss!”
“You brought up Wilkes.”
Sherlock groaned. The ringing in his ears was terrible enough to upset his balance and there was so much dust in the air he could feel it in his teeth. And for a moment, he couldn’t tell if he was about to be sick or the concussive blast had rattled his pancreas just so. John would have found that thought amusing. John. “John?!” It was more of a wheeze than a shout, and he forced himself to replace the missing air from his lungs and pushed up on his elbows.
“Ah…”
“If you don’t tell him, I will.”
“Oh, leave off, Simon,” Bird tossed her bag towards the tent.
“Oi! This is important to me too.”
“There’s an awful amount of noise here,” he muttered.
“Ugh!” Bird punched his arm. “We don’t!”
“Hm?” His brows rose even though his eyes remained resolutely closed. Not asleep then.
“Right.” Mary looked at each of them in turn.
Donovan gave a nod the direction of the interrogation rooms. “Patel is just bringing him in now. You want first crack?”
She glared at him. He waited her out. When it became apparent that pure stubbornness wouldn’t win, Gee swallowed. “It’s…”
“How unseemly.”
, ya numpty!” Mac gestured wildly at toilet and the sideways walls. “Up!”
Bird’s face creased in a moue of disgust. “Been there. Done that. No thanks.”
A flicker of a soft smile played across John’s face. “I’m fine, Sherlock.”
Mycroft leaned back in his chair and glanced at Anthea. “Handle it, Philip. He won’t be granted access to these files.”
“Loo, get back!”
“Ta.” Gee gave a nod. “But it will.”
“Course.” John smiled. The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched in amusement. “Fine, alright. Take me through what we have. I know you’re dying to.”
Donovan made a disbelieving noise in her throat but said nothing. Sherlock forced himself to focus back onto the information in front of him. None of them spoke for a minute, the only sound in the room the ticking of the clock on the wall.
“I should think it rather obvious.”
“Get back here, ya numpty, or Millsey will air drop back over here an do a safety demo again!”
“It’s important.”
“Bird, wait,” he caught up easily and cut her off, stooping to make himself look smaller. “I need your help.”
“That’s a boldfaced lie.”
“Hi.”
“All of them, Bird. Now!”
“John, this is an abomination! Delete!” He wrinkled his nose, winced as the expression aggravated his injuries, and frowned. “Delete! Oh God! Delete!”
John cleared his throat. “At ease, lads.”
Simon plowed on. “Or the one where you drop the shot of cream into the whiskey and Guinness?”
“I am aware.”
“Sleep!”
“What?”
“Ta.”
Mac frowned at him. “I dunno. Why?”
She coughed and nodded, flinching as the cold water ran over her eyes. “Gonna leave some for me to drink?” It came out as a wheeze, but the thought was clear.
Sherlock frowned.
“I’m not trying it on with anybody!” he shouted, throwing his hands up. He frowned at the passing private he’d managed to startle with his outburst and glared. “Carry on!”
“Tell him,” John paused, checking the load and heft of the rifle before clicking off the safety. “Tell him they said fried mars bars are an abomination.”
“I still have that car shrapnel around here if he wants it,” John offered wryly.
Towerblock bit back the grin threatening to explode across his face, and he would have succeeded if not for the dumbfounded expression on Simon’s. Bird snickered first though. Then Mac laughed. Then Towerblock joined in. And Simon huffed and left the tent at the shocked and pleased look on Llewellyn’s face.
“Gee!” Bird cried.
“On the bed, shirt off, on your back.”
“Literally.”
“Captain Mag Aoidh, where are you?” John was on his feet, squinting at the still smoking buildings.
“Don’t be an idiot. I can’t have you passing out. Breathe.”
“But I’m hungry now,” Rocket complained.
Sherlock froze, his mouth hanging open.
It was a taxi to Baker Street. No other way at this hour. And Mrs. Hudson was up as he let himself in. He tolerated the embrace for her sake rather than his own. And he tolerated the tea that she’d compulsively made. She tutted and wrung her hands, and only calmed when John promised he’d be upstairs. That he’d keep vigil so she could sleep. And even then, only when he promised he’d stay in his old room if necessary. He had no intention to sleep upstairs. He had every intention of staying awake in a seething rage until Sherlock returned.
“It was physical then.”
Towerblock groaned in reply.
Sherlock blinked at the irritating sensation of someone repeatedly poking his forehead. “What?” he snapped.
“You’re a dick.”
“It’s a survival trait.” Mag Aoidh gave Bird a wry look and sipped her coffee. “We make smaller targets.”
“Oi!” Nuttall jabbed a finger at him. “Try not to get shot either.”
“Thanks.”
“You… Arrested someone?”
“Gee?”
Bird gazed off in the direction of their bunk. “Now that’s a thought.”
“Med tent?”
“Let me guess,” John crossed his arms. “He’s the one that got your brother involved.”
“I see.” Mycroft folded his hands together carefully. “And how do you suppose I can assist with this… issue?”
Rocket’s eyes lit up, “Aye!”
"Nothing," Loo answered too quickly.
John was standing there.
“Tell him.”
“No!”
“Odd thing to call your wank, Sir,” Bird shot back.
“Oh yeah,” Bird nodded. “Gee clocked him. Right in his stupid, smug face.”
“I think not.”
“Will you be in it?”
“Have you seen you?” John sucked in a breath and held it, willing the rest of his stupid words to stay inside.
“Fuck off!” Rhys snapped.
“Not currently, no. I was. Which was a terrible byproduct of being dashing and brave and ultimately shot. Thankfully, Gee managed some unholy acts of terror against my person, as a result of which, I am no longer bleeding.” He pushed past her in search of a fresh uniform, casually shucking his already open shirt and vest. He rooted around in his locker for anything clean.
Nick’s eyes glazed as he considered it.
It wasn’t a question and he knew better than to answer. “I asked you to call back.”
“Captain,” Sherlock took John’s chair. “I would like to apologise.”
“I told you before, it’s not time for lunch yet!”
“Why?”
“Ah.”
“Hm?” Gee winced as he injected local.
“Barely a Fitzpatrick two.”
“Oh?”
Bird scanned the group again and gave a small nod. “Does, doesn’t it.” Very slowly, she stooped, dropping to one knee at the wheel well. “Loo, keep an eye on two o’clock there. Faruq, any chatter?”
“Colorful?” Sherlock offered.
Nick frowned. “You’re joking.”
The Major saluted formally before shaking the Lieutenant Colonel’s hand. “Lieutenant Colonel, it’s a pleasure.”
degree of want.”
Sherlock's voice was muffled when he started speaking to John, saying something, a long something, rambling. John was silent and it seemed as though there would be no answer. Then came the shout.
“Loo, listen. Look at my face,” she continued calmly. “I’ll talk you through it. But I don’t have a free hand. Right?”
“The body just landed on the bonnet?”
“He really wanted to create chaos. In my experience, people only do that when they still feel strong emotions. That wasn’t a mutual break up. And he cannot care at all about this new person he’s seeing. Unless he’s also seeing another one of your ex’s…”
"John, I-," Sherlock started, then stopped, suddenly unsure. John just stared and stared, taking in every bruise, every tear, every cut, every drop of blood staining Sherlock's skin, hair and clothes. Sherlock shuddered and began talking at twice his normal pace, anything just to make John stay. Be here, be near to Sherlock again. Stay, he pleaded silently. Just stay. You don’t have to touch me, or treat my wounds or come anywhere close to me. Just, please, please stay.
“Major,” Sherlock purred in John’s ear. If he was surprised, John didn’t show it, merely raising an eyebrow as he continued to watch Lansley. “Having fun with your new pals?”
“Nutsack?” Sherlock’s face twisted in disapproval. “Ah, Nuttall, of course. Weapons intelligence, isn’t it?”
“Morning?” Bird greeted with a mug salute of her own.
John tilted his head to the side to acknowledge Sherlock’s approach, but didn’t move from his seat in the DFAC. “I thought you were still sleeping.”
“What about the time we camped out and had to bayonet those insurgents in the middle of the night?” Simon grinned.
The sound of his text alert woke Sherlock from his awkward doze on the sofa where he had lain for most of the night. John was still on his mind but the promise of a new puzzle had him reaching for his phone and thumbing across the screen to open the message from Lestrade.
"See he's back to normal then, flicking those ludicrous yaoi hands at us."
Gee winced. “Yup?”
“Fine.”
“So where does haggis come from?” Rocket repeated, as if Mac was being slow.
Sherlock and John were leaning into each other, Sherlock perched on the edge of the sofa, John kneeling in front of him, in between Sherlock's ridiculously long legs. Their eyes were closed, their foreheads pressed together, their arms around each other, hands buried in clothing, gripping tightly to wool coat and thin jacket. They were breathing softly, silently, lost in the closeness of the other. It was simple. Such a simple embrace. And so full of love. And Martha Hudson almost thought herself blinded by the brightness of it all, when she realised she was watching through a veil of tears. She averted her eyes and started back down to her flat. The intimacy of the moment she'd witnessed was too fragile and delicate and so long in coming that she couldn't bring herself to let anything break it. And certainly not herself. To think of them finally together, as it always should have been! Allowing herself a tiny squeak of joy Martha stepped through her door and closed it.
“… can some… out of… hand…”
“I wouldn’t let it.”
“Not exactly bulletproof, all these windows… And no glass…”
“John, no!”
“Did they put you up to it? Ruin this project as a joke?”
“I happen to be a very busy man, Captain Medhurst.”
“No, wait,” Bird held out a hand.
“At me? You’re being absurd!”
John crossed his arms. “Sit.”
Lestrade didn’t let him finish. “Clean this up. Get the body back to the lab.”
Nick sighed. “One will do: Holmes.”
“No! There’s NO CAKE! No cake! None!” Simon exploded.
“You should probably tell him.”
“I know I have,” Mac snickered.
He sighed and frowned. “Ya.”
John’s eyes narrowed. “Are you taking the piss?”
“I don’t think I can.”
John smiled wide enough that his teeth flashed. “I’m sorry. What?”
“Our project.” His brow furrowed.
Smith set down his tea. “What’s the first rule? Don’t investigate your own men.”
“FUCK!”
“Here?”
“You did.”
They both turned.
“Muireann, that is not your fault.”
The corner of Nick’s mouth flicked up. “Into crime thrillers?”
“You’re not my mother!” Simon snapped and headed for the door. He paused in the open space, the drape held firmly aside, and turned back. “And I’m not going because you said to, I’m going because… It… Itches!” Then he stomped back out the door.
"Do. And food. You need to eat."
John sighed and shook his head.
Regardless, it had been brought to his attention that a recent case had ended in a less than satisfactory manner necessitating Dr. Watson's presence in Baker Street. And Mycroft Holmes needed to put his own mind at ease when it came to Sherlock's well-being. After all, he was the only brother he had left.
“No. No, no, no. Don’t be silly.” Mary waved a hand. “The chapel is here for everyone. Anything I can do for you?”
“Sherlock!”
“Exactly,” Sherlock hummed.
“It’s what he does. He may be a moron when it comes to basic survival, but he’s unforgivably clever.”
“For national security reasons. Queen and Country. And correct me if I’m wrong, but that is why you joined in the first place.”
“John?”
“I know, let’s bake a cake.” Rocket perked up, turning towards Simon with a big grin until Simon added, “We can put ‘Up the Ra’ on it?”
With a resigned sigh, he flopped back onto the table. “Then take your pound of flesh.”
“Colonel,” John saluted.
“Oh.”
John pursed his lips. Neither horribly offended nor terribly amused. “I was under the impression your job was already bloody hard, Captain.”
“Fine,” Mag Aoidh dropped back to sit on her hunkers. “Fucking fine.”
“We’re talking about Gee with her shirt off,” Bird smiled widely and clapped both Nick and Mary on the arms. “Enjoy.” She made a quick escape.
“Take care of yourself, Captain.” He set a business card on the table. “If you’re in London, give a shout. And before I forget, I called in a small favor for the next few days. Just a bit of backup, if you will.”
John rubbed a hand over his eyes in frustration and managed to smudge patches of sanguine through his eyebrow and across his temple. “Christ, you are impossible!”
“He picked a hell of a time for a holiday.”
Sherlock straightened and tucked both hands at the small of his back, mirroring John’s parade rest in his own way. “It’s a forward operating base.”
“No one else likes you lot well enough to bother,” Jasmine grinned. “What have you got for me?”
“Wouldn’t be here otherwise.”
“Because,” she shrugged. “Because at least here… It’s…” Her face fell for a moment and she swallowed. “At least I know which side I belong to here.”
“Oooooh,” Rocket flipped the structure upright and around the loo. “But now it looks like all the other ones.”
“How exactly did you do this?”
“What, like you do?”
Sherlock ducked his head, his lips a hair’s breadth from John’s ear. “If I want to see you breathless, it’ll be for a far better reason.”
“Apology accepted.”
By the time they’d made it back to base, Loo was reasonably comfortable, with a pair of IV cannulas running into each arm, feeding fluids and medication. John had thrown some Wound Seal into the open wound, but left the tourniquet on tight. Rocket was first out the door, taking the foot of the gurney as John took the head. Gee scooted out beside them, holding Loo’s hand firmly as they made their way towards the waiting helo.
“What did you do to your arm?”
“Not you,” Lestrade cut him off sharply. “You.”
Mycroft tilted his head in acquiescence. “Bath.”
John frowned. “Well that’s rich coming from you.”
She shrugged. “Just asking. We managed to get two solid leads and one really vague hint at the possibility of an eyewitness. Gregson is chasing that last one down, more because he knows the ins and outs of Whitechapel better than Dimmock.”
“Ah, well, cheers.”
“Car!” Loo called, his rifle trained on the new vehicle.
John crossed his arms and chewed nervously on the side of his thumbnail. The gallery was packed; faculty, students, classmates, critics, all milling about with glasses of various alcoholic beverages, murmuring in hushed tones in front of the different pieces. From his vantage point, he could watch the people pausing and passing in front of their finished piece. He wasn’t sure if they liked it. If it was good enough. If they’d managed to fix it. He just couldn’t tell. And it was making his stomach churn uncomfortably.
Simon shrank. “Like what?”
“I told him to apologise to Gee! He’s been a monstrously unforgiving man, and he should tell her that he’s sorry.”
“It’s a very nice rack, if it makes you feel any better,” Nick offered with a grin.
Towerblock flushed. “They never said it was you. And no one told me you were a Major now.”
“Compared to London?”
“You’ve seen the company I keep. I’ve not gotten better. Now give me that and get the second one over to Armstrong.”
“Oh. We got ‘em.”
He turned and gave Sherlock a nod. “Sherlock. I just need a moment to-“
“How’s your uncle?”
“Then don’t ask Gee about it; she doesn’t see it our way.”
“Going home injured isn’t much better,” John said flatly. When it became clear that Gee didn’t have an answer for that, John sighed and ran a hand roughly over his face. “Ok. Ok. Why here?”
“Is meddling not why you called in the first place?”
“Well we can’t have that.”
“I think it is.”
“That is both appalling and unsurprising,” Nick dismissed him quickly. “What have we got, Bird?”
“Is that spelled with two ‘L’s or one?”
“A loo.”
“John?”
“We’re probably overdue really.”
“GEE!”
It was nearly midnight. But he couldn’t do it. He couldn’t stay in the flat. He was suffocating, slowing choking over the ghosts of everything that could have been that never was and never could be and never should have been and it was too much and too little and nothing left. He slammed the door in his wake, crammed his hands into his jacket pockets and stalked down the road. He was miles from anything that would be open at this hour, and he didn’t care. He needed to move. Burn off the rage that would shred him from the inside out if he let it.
Just because he was half animal didn't mean he couldn't enjoy himself. He kissed him tenderly, tasting honey mixed with the taste of a man who said he was not sweet. He lied shamelessly.
Mycroft never visited him.
"Definitely yes."
"I've been in the military, too. Have you never seen M.A.S.H?" he reised up his glass and drank it with a nod.
" What is it?"
"I'm Sherlock, by the way. And you're the doctor who moved into the house after an old mother Earwing, a few months ago."
"Strange, he still looks almost the same."
One morning, Sherlock Holmes woke up and was alone.
The idea is born in John's brain, and that traitor lets him harden right on the street. When a group of schoolgirls in plaid skirts walk by, he is grateful for his half-length coat.
End of words. Now it's the turn of action.
"You know, it's his birthday in a few days and-"
Sherlock.
The violin remained in the corner, forgotten.
When John heard the click of the cap of the plastic bottle, he swallowed and the last wave of sane resistance rose in him.
He left a towel on the bathroom floor and followed him into the living room. He already had a clue, and all he had to do was follow the uncertain path behind the animal that had just seized him. Or at least it was very cleverly pretending.
Dr. Watson is the type who brought tea towels because they were missing from the kitchen, bought a full bag of detergents, because under the sink it looked like he was about to develop a new species, he's just the type who can't ignore hunger and fills the fridge with food instead of samples ...
"So now that you've drained your excess energy, I expect you not to keep arguing about my methods of investigation," he said in his superior tone and disappeared down the hall.
It took him a few months to actually see. It started inconspicuously, it happened against the background of everyday life, obscure cases and boring days. However, he felt that Irene had tuned something in his head to the right frequency, and now all that remained was to pick up the right signal. Of course he was there. He was there all that time… Sugar in tea. Pulling out stitches. Blog. Silence as he waited for the storm. A storm when he didn't expect anyone to stand up for him. Patience. Stability. Strength.
. As he walked away thoughtlessly, he looked down at his ass. And when he looked up, he saw that Sherlock had noticed that.
Sherlock peered out of the kitchen, where it was beginning to smell of dangerous lye.
When John returns from work later that evening, he finds the unusual decoration on the wall ornated with old headphones.
John smiled, picked up a towel, tossed it in the laundry basket, and went naked to his friend.
“Wills…” John snickered.
Gee was quiet.
“Your new promotion has clearly gone to your head, John.”
“You bite your tongue,” John elbowed him. Hard.
He closed his eyes and focused on the sound of Sherlock’s voice. Slow and steady. The rhythm of the palm stroking up and down between his shoulder blades. His hands were shaking when he managed to disengage his fingers from his hair, but he felt less likely to lose his lunch. “You can’t…”
“I did, didn’t I? How foolish.”
She shrugged one shoulder. “I wasn’t wrong that it kicked off when I arrived though, was I?”
Nick studied the maps and numbers again. “One week…”
“Or lying down and staring,” John corrected.
"It wasn't safe," Towerblock said honestly.
“And I promise not to lock you in a lab.”
Donovan crossed her arms. “It’s not.”
Gee glanced up from the stack of papers she was studying and forced a smile. “Major.”
Sherlock glanced at the food, then up at John. “And why is it you have cross words for me?”
“Not like all of us haven’t thought about it,” Bird offered.
“Ya, I know what a daisy-chain is. But why?”
She clenched her jaw and squinted back out at the remains of their cordon. “I can’t tell if you’re serious.” She glanced back down and sighed, holding out a hand. “But the next time someone shouts ‘down,’” she grimaced with the effort it took to pull him up. “Get the fuck down, yeah?”
“This isn’t on you. You know that right?”
Towerblock took over, “We lost the cordon. It wasn’t safe to disarm the IED.”
Oh… Sherlock blinked. He should have expected that…
“Right. So… not our case anymore. Hence Reilly.”
John stopped mid stride and let out a ragged huff. Greg had put Sherlock in a cab. He knew what that meant. He took a deep breath and put on his brave face, then he shook it off and replaced it with his doctor face and tread softly on the stairs to tell Mrs. Hudson that Sherlock was on his way home. That he’d be home soon. And that John would wait up, but she should sleep. And once Sherlock was home, John would do his utmost to keep the noise to a minimum. Mrs. Hudson patted his arm, tutted after him, and told him there would be tea in the morning, that he wasn’t to go home at this late hour, and she always kept his room ready. John’s smile was more of a grimace, a false and broken thing that made him flatten his face and nod and shoo her off to bed.
“And are we prepared for the ministry meeting?”
“What?”
“I thought I’d go pray the wound away,” Nick objected, taking a step in the direction of the main camp.
He closed his eyes. “Yes. Thank you for reminding me.”
“The front piece, the frame there is black. The pastels I gave you are actually your monochrome greys.”
John grinned as he drew his sidearm. “I don’t believe that was our deal.”
“Oh.” Gee rested her chin on the back of her arms and settled so that John could finish. “You’re not the only one injured in the line of duty.”
“No! Yes. I don’t know.” John covered his face with his hands. “I didn’t… I didn’t tell him or anything.”
Lestrade sighed and rubbed at his temples. “Any chance your brother is back in the country?”
“Enough, Simon,” Towerblock crossed his arms.
John felt the color drain from his face. “W-what?”
John pinched the bridge of his nose. “No, stop.”
“No… I meant…” Nick waved broadly.
“Gee, you’re killing me!” Nick grumbled through clenched teeth.
) but he recalled he had decided only a few hours ago to leave John alone, give him the space he clearly wanted and needed.
“Jazz,” Gee held out a fist and knocked if off of hers. “I can’t believe they sent you out to fetch this one.”
“What?”
This was born of Jam's need to have a touch-starved Sherlock try to help a broken John. And I literally cannot help myself when Jam suggests something. So there was no dragging, I came along willingly and brought the ANGST (with a capital A). Jam framed the story with her spot-on Sherlock and, as per usual, John runs in right on Sherlock's heels. I made it worse. >:) ~Ewebie
“Sniper!”
“And you and Nick call her Gee.”
“What?” Medhurst glanced between them. “Wires come from scraps you’d find in all the old Soviet refuse.”
He bit back the first platitude that crossed his mind.
It was a true challenge to keep the smile from his face as he left. He kept his gait precise and measured, even in the face of Mrs. Hudson dampened smile as she tidied the kitchen. He managed to shut the door evenly in his wake, cross to the vehicle idling at the curb, and settle in the dimmed interior before sighing and pinching in brow.
John shook his head slowly and pulled a bowl from the nearest shelf. “Christ, you’re worse than Sherlock.” He filled it with tepid water and set it down on the cot. “Soak it. Now.” She shifted the bowl onto her lap and managed to submerge her whole forearm. John planted his hands on his hips. “Twenty minutes. Then jelonet and gauze. And I’m changing that dressing in forty-eight hours.”
“I think we’re clear.”
“It could mean I finish sooner.”
Sherlock flushed at the memory. “No, no. Clearly not.”
By the time she was done, he felt the impending headache drumming in his temples. “Right. Ok, fine. Take whatever resources you need and go after the Reilly thing. I’ll… figure something out for this one.”
“Boss,” Mag Aoidh interrupted.
“Gee?”
“Be fair, he’s really not bright enough.”
Nuttall shook his head, “That boy is a few cards shy of a full deck.”
“… coming out… With the…. Don’t fucking shoot me!”
“What?” John shifted uncomfortably. “Why are you looking at me like that?”
Nutsack shrugged. “Sometimes the IEDs are in the ground long enough to drain the batteries. Nine volts last longer than some, but not all that long.”
Nick squinted down at John, “I’m trying to recall why exactly you’re here, Major.”
“Oh dear,” Nick glanced toward the Det, the DFAC, and at the Colonel. “Sir,” he tilted his head.
“Nor do bombs. And when you find yourself on the wrong end of one, you need whatever short, Catholic, educated Captain on hand, ready to haul you back onto the safe side.”
Sherlock scoffed. “Stop meddling.”
“Right so,” Towerblock shifted his weight. “Once you cut the first one…”
He replaced his mobile and gave the pair on the couch a rather bland look. “Perhaps you’d rather hold court with something more of a paternal figure. You always were more responsive to that as a child.”
“Ye did,” she said flatly.
“Oh?” Gee tucked the card into her pocket. “Something good, I hope.”
“And you hate repetition.”
“Yeah. Like…” He shrugged. “No scream or yell or anything. Just… Blam.”
“WISWO!” Rocket grinned as they passed him.
Towerblock frowned. “They’re not known for their kid gloves out there.”
Gee spun a little too quickly to conceal a wince. “Sir. It’s fine. I’m fine. It’s absolutely nothing."
“Can I have it?”
“Last night,” John clarified. “You slept last night. And didn’t just sit up staring at me instead.”
Sherlock reached a hand around John’s chest to tweak the knot where it sat just loose of perfectly snug against his throat. “Pantone 19-4045 TCX.”
“Mmn,” John gave him a wave.
“Clearly?” John raised his brows, completely unamused.
He gave a very slow nod. “Alright.”
“Do not.”
“Nicky.”
“Oh, yes sir,” Sherlock drawled. Even behind the reflective sunglasses, Sherlock could see John’s eyes tighten. He huffed out a sigh, “Yes, yes. Alright.”
Mac made a rude gesture with his hand in reply.
“Sherlock, stop.”
“Just testing a theory,” Sherlock answered.
There was a long pause and shuffle of fabric over the speaker. “Hey.”
Sherlock smiles for a moment.
I'll remember.
(excitedly)
Sherlock and John lie back, satisfied. That is, until concern creeps onto John's face.
Molly takes the case file back from Sherlock with surprise.
(pretending he understands)
SHERLOCK
Oh lord.
INT. ELLA THOMSON'S OFFICE - TUESDAY - DAY
Be good, John.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock lifts an eyebrow and turns to Mycroft who is still lost in his own thoughts.
(with some annoyance)
, the first thought flashed through John's dazed mind. He wanted to start regretting that he had succumbed so easily. However, he also learned a little about deduction.
A faint blush crept up on the high cheekbones and began to cover the back of his neck.
But not enough.
John hasn't experienced that yet. Everyone instinctively sensed that
Jim walked casually to the foot of the bed. Somewhere in the background,
It wasn't so bad - when he washed all the blood, only a few shallow scars and one bruise appeared on his face. But even those could be avoided. That'll be bullshit in the hospital again…
" How..?"
He survived it, sometimes calmly, sometimes howling, as the moon danced across the night sky.
Sherlock followed his gaze. It was true. Death wiped out all the suffering of the last days from John's face. "He was a strange man," he agreed.
Sherlock continued to stare blankly at him.
Not after months, after years of self-control, reasons
He gets up and goes to his chair. John looks at him, and now in his gaze he can recognize the needy:
The scales are balancing. The universe is in order again.
Suddenly he hears footsteps.
His gaze fell on a jar of honey.
"Really? I always thought you were the exceptional one. You were delicious. Too bad we didn't get along."
"Of course," Sherlock whispered in a sudden realization.
Sherlock was already behind him, running his nose over his neck. John straightened involuntarily and looked in the mirror, which was slowly fogging up again. It was easy to imagine that the creature behind him was not human… He heard a growl with his mental hearing, like a distant storm. Despite the heat in the bathroom, goosebumps ran on his arms, forearms, and ribs.
"Hi John. As usual?"
He has a glass of whiskey in his hand and sweats, even though it´s only ten degrees in the house and the fire in the fireplace is fading.Three days to the full moon. He smells deer in the nearby forest.He hears cars on the road eight kilometers away.He sees microscopic cracks in the plaster.
Inside, the cold is almost as much as outside, empty and quiet.He doesn't see Sherlock anywhere.
It was like a church from another world.
"So ... you make honey things?"
John reaches into his bag.
John stared at him. Then he shook his head and turned back to the sink.
Sherlock said nothing and found his way to John's carotid artery, drinking hungrily from the heat that was spreading from it. He found the bottom hem of his knitted sweater, took it off, and reached for the buttons on his shirt.
"You gave me a goat figurine, John. You probably bought it at that esoteric shop in Soho last week. "
"But the zoo does."
There was something in his gaze that he had seen once before. In that lions enclosure.
"Really?"
"This one is
"We're so different," John sighed between two kisses after Sherlock threw him into his bed.
Sherlock put on his goggles again and disappeared into the kitchen.
The hands found the edge of the towel that covered John's hips and released it. John winced as his rising cock touched the cold surface of the cabinet under the sink.
He was lonely. He wanted to indulge in at least the illusion of being close to other people, maybe just by being greeted by someone in the square, that he could go for a beer and the bartender would know which one he liked, to put nice bloody steaks aside in the store for him ... and he had enough experience so that he doesn't endanger unsuspecting people when the time comes.
He didn't pay much attention to how Sherlock bit his fingers as he drove into him. He bit his lip at the sensation so that he could taste blood. However, he did not stop pushing and with his hand, still slippery with lubricant, gave to Sherlock the same pleasure.  They culminated after a few minutes like some teenagers, almost at once. John collapsed beside Sherlock, wiping his blood and saliva, which cluttered his shoulder blade and neck. God knows there was a lot more clutter on that couch now.
"No, Sherlock, I'm really not in the mood for this right now."
He unbuttoned Sherlock's pants and slowly led him to the sofa until the detective fell on it. He undressed him and let his instincts guide him. He let his excitement sound only like tones in the background, but a real symphony, which took place on the couch below him - and also above him, behind him and finally in him.
He wished to continue oppose him, to present all arguments against what was happening to him right now, because there were
"Did he hear something he shouldn´t have heard?" he says to his  roommate as he takes off his jacket.
Who is he to resist destiny?
Despite that, John forced a thermos flask to him.
"Goodbye, Sherlock Holmes."
But then he told himself that if women could handle it with their monthly cycles and a cocktail of hormones, they could do it too. At one time he even came up with a slightly sexist joke about it
But I can't afford that. Someone has to look after them.
"I think I've learned something in the field of deductions," he said in a low voice, shamelessly reaching into the pocket of Sherlock´s pants.
"Oh, John-" he smiles.
Millions of miles away, possibilities, dreams, and decisions, in a different stream of time, Sherlock rolled restlessly in his sleep.
A chill ran down John's spine like a wand for a xylophone. There was no way she could write it there, he saw her inserting the receipt into a booklet.
"Oh, your literal understanding of the world will kill you one day."
His quiet laugh wakes John. The unconvincing ´no´ disappears in the rustle of the blankets.
" It's very good."
The yellow and black hexagons of the honeycombs covered the white area of the ribs, hips, and shoulders.
Sherlock drops hand with the box to his side and takes two steps toward John. Steam condenses from his mouth.
The detective bit his lower lip and lifted his chin as always when he felt he was right, but he didn't want to argue anymore. He closed his eyes and exhaled.
John growled as he closed the door behind Sherlock.
Significantly, just at that moment, the stream of hard-to-recognize Christmas songs stopped, because someone sane (and probably also depressed) played Golden Brown.
"Actually, yes. I know a lot of ladies from St. Andrew's who didn't want the nice beekeeper and the lonely doctor to starve at Christmas."
For a pound, he took a ceramic capricorn and a booklet with a description of the zodiac signs. When the gypsy woman packed it for him, she got her reputation and said in a haunting evangelical voice:
"You are such a persistent bastard," he said breathlessly, watching the dust particles they swirled, now hovering in the air above them.
Sherlock held his breath for a second, but John didn't miss it either. He smiled as he exhaled and pulled out a small, familiar bottle. "You wanted to fuck me, didn't you, you bastard?"
Tears welled up in her mother's eyes within a few minutes, and it was over. Peace and quiet again.
"No," John puts his hands in his pockets.
John reached for his belt and smiled as he felt Sherlock jerk slightly.
"No - you wanted much more, but my desire was more important to you."
Irene raised one perfectly shaped eyebrow as well as a corner of her red-painted lips.
" What?"
"Very well, Mr. Holmes, congratulations ;)"
The moon was waning. John liked this time of the month, and his surroundings liked him even better. He lost sarcasm and biting humor, was more approachable and somehow more polite. More human.
"No. It tastes like piss of a drunken diabetic."
Still far ... a kilometer. Persistent steps of a tall man. John sits and listens to the ticking of the clock.
John chuckled to himself and continued flipping through the esoteric samizdat. Indeed, they were in Soho because of the case last week. Sherlock burst into the shop full of talismans, incense sticks, and Indian blankets, with the intention of wondering if a murder weapon might have come from here — a rather kitsch-decorated letter opener. As he rummaged through the rubbish, John spoke to the owner, an elderly darker-skinned woman with piercing green eyes. That's exactly how he always imagined a gypsy who could tell him the future, for example, from tea leaves. Not that he believed it.
"Mead," the salesman smiles, shrugs, and looks down at the assortment on his counter. There are candles, cups with unknown matter, jars of different coloured - and differently fragrant honey.
"Really?"
anyone in a long time. So what, Doctor - shall we make Christmas?"
"Happy retirement, you mean," the crazy Irishman grinned.
"I thought the wolf was still hungry. Hence the stupid saying of wolf hunger," he added, as if by the way, and unpacked the basket.
"Thanks, but Molly from candy store brings me tea ..."
Sherlock comes out of the sacristy with an empty box.
It was no surprise to him. He had fairly decent deductive abilities, and John told him it wouldn't last long. He had no reason to distrust his medical judgment.
Sherlock looks at his roommate, the first rays of sunlight crossing dark clouds in his mind.
Soon.
They read books to him before sleep because Mycroft didn't forbid them to do so.
Why would anyone let the milk spoil on the sideboard? Why would anyone obsessively maintain a mess in the living room?
They ignored them.
The tension is beginning to be felt. Smells are more pronounced, colors sharper, humor blacker. This period also has its advantages ... he watches Jim, his gaze, he feels his excitement, he knows that the bartender would like to invite him to a Christmas party at the bar. He won't dare. He's like a deer in  rut ... but it has no effect on predators.
John's thought of him – in his mouth he was related to the taste of honey he had bought from him.
, an influx of emotions that he had learned as a child to suppress and lock in like dangerous animals. The last case was too much for him and he found himself here. In the cell inherited from his dead sister. He didn't need as much security as she did, but Mycroft thought
The front door slammed shut.The steps on the stairs are tired, slow. "Oh - you don't sleep. Yeah ... not surprised. ”
"But that doesn't stop you from doing good deeds," John points to the empty box in Sherlock's hands, which he knows was a moment ago full of honey goodies.
John sits at a table in his dimly lit kitchen, staring at the small tree he has decorated.
“Are you proud of yourself?" John shouted toward the kitchen as he climbed out of the shower, still pissed off. He wrapped a towel around his hips, wiped the misted mirror, and looked into it.
"Yeah, then you'll finally enjoy it. I wonder how high you can pull your genteel baritone until you ..."
Slender fingers scoop something golden yellow and hot into a paper cup. It smells like honey. After all, like the whole stand.
He takes John's face in his hands. Resting his forehead on John´s. He takes a deep breath and feels the wrinkles on John's forehead smooth out, the tension draining from his neck. John is too tired to escape Sherlock.
Sherlock turned in surprise, half-naked still, his torn shirt in his hand. He tried to conjure one of his smug expressions on the face in the style
He was greeted by a smile and wrinkles in the corners of blue eyes.
"Yeah, you're not alone. Maybe I'll work on that one day."
And the hunt was over.
, the Christmas decorations raged and the jukebox roared
" What?"
He came up to the glass wall and looked at Sherlock sitting across from him. He didn't show any emotion, just nodded for him to come closer. Sherlock went.
"This one is special. In some states, you'd need a prescription."
Irene sat comfortably in the wide first-class seat and smoothed her expensive Dior skirt. She looked much better in it than the black hijab. It was their last flight - from Cairo straight to London, where they were to say goodbye.
With any luck, he'll be drunk tonight, and he'll lie down without feeling the urge to run into the woods.
Then he leaves without looking back. The trap is set.
Jim laughed and placed a full glass in front of John.
And so, that morning, which was shamelessly sunny, and the rest of the world awaited a beautiful May day, he sat on his bed - the one he refused to give up when they moved into this country house. It absolutely did not fit into the rustic environment, but despite convictions, he fell to sentiment. It was the bed he had lost his virginity with John.
"Yeah, but feel free to call me John, it'll be shorter."
" Anything else?"
Later that night, when John falls asleep exhausted, Sherlock licks a salty taste from his lips. His breath calms, his heart stops racing, and then he hears a muffled female sigh. He reaches into the pocket of a jacket thrown near the bed. This is the first news in months.
"-I'm an bachelor Watson," he finished with difficulty.
"But you didn't," John looks down at his lips and reached out at the bulge in his pants. Another swallow, not unlike the one that had just penetrated John's dazed post-orgasmic mind. "…because?" Sherlock swallows again and bites his lip.
was playing.
"Really?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow and his voice dropped so deep that he could vibrate thin glasses if John had some.
Out of the corner of his eye, John watched Sherlock´s neck as he drank.
As if he had a cold and all the smells, so clear until then, had disappeared from the world. And where there were no smells, there were no feelings. At this time, he usually didn't understand the creature he was a week ago, two weeks ago ... he was a stranger, someone who was prevented from listening to primordial instincts only by an iron will. It was confusing ...
"For example?" John asks, and it sounds dark like a curse. All the more in church.
He licked the nipple trapped in one of them.
Sherlock smiled. "He started calling it
It was time to choose.
for you," he told him then, and John's gaze then involuntarily slid down his throat - exposed, white and so beautifully fragile that he longed to bite into it immediately, whetherthere would be any reason for that.So he bought the glass and quickly dropped out of the Christmas fair.
"John was immune to me. Or rather to my venomous nature. That's why he survived and you didn't. "
"It´s the slippery ice, huh? " Jim smiled knowingly as he poured him a glass of Laproaigh.
He ran back up the stairs and opened the door he had slammed so vehemently. Sherlock turned with a piece of music in his hand, his blue robe swirled, raising an eyebrow in surprise. He wanted to object, but John was suddenly there. For a second — for a brief moment — he felt as if he had seen victory in his icy blue eyes, before being replaced by knowledge of John's intentions.
John - too tired, three evenings of overtime - beard (two days) - hair (shower at work, water chlorinated, dried his skin like a desert wind, cheap shampoo) - shirt (last clean, because he hates this one) - eyes - lips - hands. ..
"Your boyfriend is very silent," she said to the tall figure who was looking at the set of hookahs.
Catholic churches are fascinating.
"No, I'm not proud of myself. My coat is destroyed. "
Fairy lights, turkey and pudding. Mother's warm brown dress, which always smelled of some cheap floral perfume.
But he said nothing, just picked up one corner of his amazing lips and drank.
"You look like you need a shot."
"What did you say?"
"I'm far from holiness, you have to be pretty blind to something like that. And I always see too much," Sherlock won't let himself be cornered.
With each layer of dust, with each additional idiotic question to the world today, John's safety fuse shortened. He was beginning to suspect that it wasn't because the detective was bored. Suddenly he decided on the latter option and smiled to himself.
And I must say that he was quite successful. So successful that it completely engulfed me. I was fascinated by the dance they circled around each other, the chemistry that was unmissable.
High ceilings, colored windows, candles, saints made of white marble, to which human instincts are completely unknown. In front is a stylized Bethlehem with the baby Jesus and all the parade around. Virgo and child, the pattern of all innocence that even beasts worship.
John raised an eyebrow and, with a mischievous smile, looked at a small booklet that looked like it had been made on a home printer.
"Oh, you sensitive old man."
. He had a weakness for junk stories. "
That confidence. It sounded as if Sherlock had quietly survived everyone around him, the church, the village, the whole island, and the rest of the world, waiting for God to catch his breath.
"-You did it once, remember? I promise I won't get angry again. ”He placed his palm on the glass as if waiting for something. Despite his sadness, he smiled, raised one corner of his mouth, and searched the Sherlock's eyes.
“It would go a long way to keep me from strangling you.”
“Punching Simon in the face?”
“Major. You still kicking around with this one?” He jerked at thumb at Sherlock.
“We’re celebrating.”
She pushed off her right arm as John took her left. It was an innocent action, but she snapped her hand back in a hiss of pain. “Bollocks!”
“Oh look, it speaks in complete sentences!” Sherlock hissed. “How dare you! Am I taking the piss? Are you?! This was important to me!”
“Yes, sir,” Towerblock saluted as the Lieutenant Colonel gave a dismissive nod to the remainder of the unit.
Sherlock lost his breath as a pair of arms wrapped around his chest and dragged him backwards over a table. The table followed with a crash, as Sherlock landed flat on his back. John sprawled overtop of him, pinning him to the ground. “John?”
Gee pressed the heels of her hands to her eyes. “Fine.”
“Keep going, Simon,” Nick called.
“So hamburgers come from cows…”
“I don’t know,” Nutsack threw up his arms. “I’ve been staring at it since ya gave it to me and I can’t come up with any good reason, but it’s not normal.”
"Where's John?"
Mrs. Hudson waved off his apology. “Never you mind. I brought up tea and coffee, and just finished this batch of scones, dearie.”
The phone gave a shrill ring and Bird lowered her magazine, glancing at Nick before standing to answer it. Nick turned to Gee, “You alright?”
“Don’t be mean.”
“I…” Mary hesitated. “Sorry, but what are you doing?”
“You were grey when we met,” she snorted.
John caught her shoulder and kept her upright, giving her a long, unrelenting stare.
“You off then? Dipping your toe in and running away?”
“I thought they were bigger,” she raised a brow. “More like a chinchilla?”
"Case. Kidnapping. Victim's ex-boyfriend, found some unsavoury individuals to help him grab her from her house. Revenge of sorts. Lestrade was on the right lines for once, just didn't observe the obvious signs. As usual. I tracked the gang, well I say gang, it was really just three racists thugs and a clueless ex in way over his head. Anyway. I tracked them to some nearby garages, it was the dirt, there were traces of... Doesn't matter. My text had gone unread for at least five minutes, but fortunately it had only taken the officers another five or so to get to the garage where the victim had been held. She was shaken and terrified but thankfully unhurt. I didn't factor in the knives. Stupid, stupid. Stings a bit but it's fine. You... You would've been busy. Not to worry though, I'm still in one piece. You didn't need to come, certainly not at this time of night. It's a trek for you now, all the way to Westminster. So, it's all fine John, you can go home now, I can-"
“I don’t know. Perhaps if I had the time and the palate, I’d be willing to taste things… No. Not at all. Never.” Nick took the bag from Towerblock and scanned the small crowd that had gathered by the cordon.
“Ah, yes, Padre.” Smith turned from the small, open-flame cooker on his desk, “What can I do for you?”
“Yeah, yeah. I hope you know how much paperwork you’ve made for yourself.”
“On one condition.”
“Apparently, I am not to be wandering about unsupervised.”
“Aye,” Rocket joined him.
The table went quiet as John’s face settled in an expression of disgruntled scrutiny. Simon squirmed uncomfortably. Towerblock cleared his throat, “Er, another brew, Sir?”
“Yeah! I get it!”
“Stay,” he held out a hand before she could struggle to her feet.
“I had my best sergeant and constable out on the street!”
John cleared his throat uncomfortably. “It doesn’t feel right.”
“Of course not.” Nick’s smile was grim and sharp. “But thanks to our grounding, Glad’s now left-handed, Pine is short an ATO and two privates, and I have more than enough bitter to keep New Orleans swimming in Old Fashioneds. So as much fun as our little slumber party, night off was, it’s over.” He glared at Gee. “Next call is ours.”
“I thought this was supposed to be your day off.”
“The conté really brings out the color of your eyes.”
“That is where we left him,” Sherlock muttered.
“Captain…” He cleared his throat and mumbled to his feet. “Captain Mag Aoidh, I think I… I… oweyouanapology.”
“Right. Up. Time to get cracking.”
“Another one down!” Rocket called.
“Second,” Towerblock interjected. “It was the second one. And it was after I set Rocket on fire.”
“Maybe fifteen minutes,” Bird offered.
John crossed his arms and leaned back in his chair. “Keep going, smart arse.”
“Sherlock?” John crossed his arms and glared.
“You got… them?”
“And you think that’s Muireann’s fault?” Mary asked in confusion.
Mycroft arched a brow as he placed his umbrella carefully in the stand.
“That-“
“Do it in the med tent,” Mag Aoidh insisted, stepping directly in his path.
Oh, silly, silly Sherlock! Martha sniffled and rubbed her nose on her sleeve. Pull yourself together, goddammit, she scolded herself. Sherlock would come back and John would tell him off and it would all go back to normal. Well, almost normal. Back to the normal they had right now in the not normal space they were in. Soon John would come back, stay in his room at the top of the stairs again, instead of that horrid flat of his, stuffed with those... ghosts. And Sherlock would start eating again and playing his violin properly, and not destroying her crockery. It wasn't healthy, all that brooding and pining, the pair of them. And if nothing else, she thought selfishly, it wasn't doing her heart any good watching them dance around each other unhappily! It would just take one of them to take that first step, to make that leap into the unknown, and Martha was sure the other would catch him. They deserve to be happy, she thought sadly, if they could just see what was right in front on them.
John smirked. “You knew anyway.”
“Hush,” Dr. Watson nuzzled the space between Sherlock’s cheek and shoulder as Mrs. Hudson delivered a plate full of prepared scones and made a soft cooing noise, clapping her hands together and retreating to the kitchen. “Eat your breakfast.”
John’s grin was wolfish, “You haven’t figured it out yet?”
John snorted. “So… Working your way up to ATO, are you? I don’t think Bill taught you that one.”
“And Mary,” Bird rolled her eyes.
“Mayan art. It’s… beautiful. Bright…”
“Of course I trust you.”
"Hmm, four ideas," Sherlock said. "I need to see the attic."
Mycroft hummed in amusement. “I’m glad to have been of assistance.”
“I was hoping to take a shower. I’m covered in soot and grit. And frankly, I really, really don’t like the smell of gasoline fires.”
“Stop being such an arsehole!” John threw his hands up in the air. “I did exactly,
Sherlock startled and turned to see the Lance Corporal storm off the helo with astounding authority. John flashed her a salute, “Ah, Corporal Jaspers. Thanks for coming.”
“Too late.”
“This one actually requires your expertise, John.”
“I think we’ve been dismissed,” Sherlock murmured in John’s ear.
“Fuck off, joke.” John muttered, wiping his hands on his trousers. “I worked hard on this.”
“But the number of people I save somehow balances out with the number I kill? Tell me, Padre, is it one to one? Is there some other ratio of equity? Does dragging Nick out of live fire make it ok that I killed two other people last night?”
The punch. The harsh words. The emptiness. John was sure to leave. This time, forever.
“Sure thing, boss.”
“Quite.” Nick sighed. “Towerblock, Mac, Rocket, Simon, you’re up front with me. Bird, I want you, Loo, and Gee down this end. Keep an eye on the lookie-loos. And Holmes, stay the fuck away from the IEDs.”
“It didn’t go off!”
“But, Sir-”
John blinked.
“Honestly, Skip!” Mac snapped.
“By the by, I thought you swore to Bill-“
Gee shook out her hand and checked her knuckles. Sure they were a bit sore, but no blood. Not that Simon could say the same for his face. For a moment, it looked as though she would object again, but John raised a brow, and Gee snapped her mouth shut before the words managed to escape. After a moment, she gave a sharp nod and spun on her heel, stalking toward the med tent.
Then John understood what Lestrade had just told him. He had put Sherlock in a cab. Put him. Put. In a cab. As if he couldn’t go on his own volition. And John started to pace again. Greg understood. He got it. He knew. He managed to negotiate the volatile friendship that Sherlock and John had rebuilt in the wake of John’s absolute minefield of a marriage. Greg knew. And he always did what he could to smooth ruffled feathers on both sides. He would tell John where Sherlock is, apologize for not calling, lie through his teeth that he didn’t have a free hand rather than the truth that Sherlock had probably sworn up and down that John was too busy or John was sleeping or John was not able for it, because Sherlock didn’t want John there. Sherlock didn’t want him. Not anymore.
“Nope.”
“Don’t see why, Bird. I get my kit out, use my formidable skills and… tool, and all going to plan, there’s a well controlled explosion at the end and everyone goes home happily satisfied.”
“Nick…”
“That would be counter-productive.”
“How could you be so patently stupid?”
“Oi! Bird, knock it off.”
Towerblock glanced at him, then back at Medhurst, crouched over the first IED. “Fine.”
“Nope.”
Sherlock just blinked at him.
“’Course,” Gee smiled into her coffee. “But it’ll be two days before they stop treating it like a shrine, and half a day to realize what they could be using it fer.”
“I see your transport is nearly here. I’ll leave you to it. It seems most of Bluestone has come to see you off. So nice,” he smiled politely, or winced, it was hard to tell. “Being liked around here.”
