John felt like he had been staring for too long. He looked forward, where he could pretend that if he tilted forward a little too far, he could fall straight off the edge of the Earth and plummet into a world of velvet and diamonds.
What he's saying isn't a bluff, he wouldn't be able to fool Sherlock if it was. If he can't have some give in his future with this madman, he'll do it. He'll become something completely unrecognizable, because at least it will be on his own terms.
But there were other avenues. So many endings to this tale. And Sherlock did not fancy being locked away. He did not like the thought of being kept from John.
It had been under Moriarty's annoying insistence that he "get out more" and "find someone nice" that Sherlock had found himself in a bar. The idea was to have casual sex with the full intention of Moriarty being aware that Sherlock was finally "getting some", so he could leave him to more interesting things. He had been working on a particularly elaborate embezzlement scam in the States before Moriarty had forced him away. Saying that if he didn't find someone tonight, Jim would have to get him off himself.
Sherlock can feel himself grinning and he inches a little closer. With his thumbs, he feels the contours of John's eyebrows while the rest of his fingers are splayed and still. He cups John's cheek with his right hand, and plays with the thin hairs on his forehead with his left. He accurately measures the size of John's eyeballs by tracing them through the lids with his thumbs and forefingers. When he caresses John's lips with the barest edge of his fingerprints, it's like feeling the hum from a static charge. Sherlock hasn't realized how close he's gotten until warm breath is reflected back at him.
The sound of the satin sliding free is much louder than it has any right to be. Instead of pulling it off and hanging it, Sherlock begins to flick open John’s shirt buttons.
For a little while, John didn’t need the cane to walk. He wasn’t about to start signing up for marathons, but the small walks to and from his car without assistance felt like victories. Mary noticed the change and was thrilled by it.
“Thank you,” Sherlock grinned brightly enough to match the sky above them. He turned his attention toward the stars. “I’m glad,” Sherlock softly said.
The masterful fingers tease over his belly, up to his chest, then across the slowly hardening nipples. John quickly forgets why he shouldn't be doing this, and gasps into Sherlock's exposed neck. The air ruffles his curls, and Sherlock shudders. John grins, and does it again with a slightly overdone moan.
“You think that if you tell yourself that you’ve done all you can, you can excuse the fact that you’ve stopped fighting long ago. Every time I put you in restraints, you can assure yourself that there’s nothing you can do anymore.”
"You do realize that the cameras haven't been turned off right?" Sherlock makes a pointed look at one of them, the red light blinking at the pair. "The guards outside have a small handheld that has a live feed. If you attempt anything, they will restrain you without killing you, as per their instructions. And then you will wish you were dead when I'm done." Sherlock says all of this without breaking eye contact with John.
John settled back into the blankets, too weary to try and look for his husband or his friend. Left to his own thoughts, John was forced to ruminate over the increasing number of nightmares he’d been experiencing.
“I heard he wasn’t the only one,” John rebutted, “that you nearly underwent your own gallant adventure to try and recover the doctor. A lone horse in this snow when you can barely ride yourself? I’m sure you were the pinnacle of composed.”
“You don’t have to be saints to qualify for decency Moriarty. Besides which, you’ve already let slip your own callous façade.”
As her feet startled to shuffle, Molly wondered if maybe she should just leave and finally use a sick day before John said, “Thank you, Molly.”
Instead he sought to reign in the boy’s ego a little bit. Even if he can already tell that’s a laughably feeble task.
Dressing himself and walking down to the kitchens were pains he could tolerate. It wasn’t until he saw Jim skimming the papers over coffee that a new kind of discomfort revealed itself. John felt obliged to keep himself from revealing too much indecency to his new friend, when John knew he shared just as much, if not more, observational skills as his husband.
The man blinks, and John can't tell if it's from surprise. "Oh, right," the man says, "you haven't met Jim yet."
“Oh thank Heaven you found him! I almost started to search the other side of town before I saw your horse.”
His hips snapped forward and stayed there. His knot grew slightly thicker, and Sherlock could actually feel John’s muscles shifting in response. He groaned as his cock pulsed, spilling himself deep inside of John’s body. Sherlock growled and bit down on John’s neck as he came, truly claiming the boy as his. While an Omega possessed the privilege of several orgasms during a mating, the Alpha was usually limited to one. But that only meant an increased intensity. And as Sherlock continued to shudder in post bliss, he wondered if it would ever end.
John winced. A withered part of him berated him, and told him he should start apologizing. He began to, even while he felt exhausted and disillusioned with the idea.
Sherlock answered honestly, “After my parents died, and I couldn’t stand Mycroft’s pestering, I tried to find some stability. In a stupid, instinctual response to death I wanted to feel…alive.”
John felt his air constrict, yet he was unable to pull away. Each slide of Sherlock’s length abused his raw throat until he spluttered.
The glare was back in full force and John uttered a terse "Yeah, I've figured out you're a massive wanker. That you're completely bonkers, and if anyone ever tried to replicate a monument to how much of a bastard you are, they would run out of resources on the first day." John expected a frown, a retort, hell a slap or something. He definitely did not expect his kidnapper to start smiling at him. And by the cold sliver of dread curling in his gut, it was not a very nice smile.
Sherlock blinked at him. His wings rustled against each other. “It’s interesting that you’ve noted on the novelty,” he said, “most of my kind can only alter their size, not their appearance.”
“What did you touch?” Moriarty asked in a dark voice John had never heard before. His hand was slammed onto the wall once more, “What did you see?” Jim yelled the question in John’s face.
Dread pooled in John's stomach. The furniture from before was still in his room, so what the hell was being carted in that was so damn heavy? John heard footsteps enter and leave, and something else was being wheeled in. John tried tamping down the fear that wove through his body. He wished the guard had let him face forward with his hands raised. At least then he would know what he was in store for.
He tried to leave, but Sherlock stepped in front of him. “You didn’t come out here to assuage your guilt, I’m sorry I accused you of that,” if John didn’t know him better, he would have called Sherlock’s voice desperate. “Please, tell me why you came here.”
When the house refused to give up any knowledge of being occupied, John walked back to his car. His leg twinged with sharp pain, and he pulled his cane out of the boot.
John panted as the rush of unspent adrenaline washed through him. He faced the door again, but it was as placid as a lone pond. The voices had disappeared as swiftly as ripples disturbing the surface.
John frowned and looked down at himself. His raw skin had become smoothed, his blistered hands and feet were fully mended. He unwrapped his crude bandage to find barely any evidence of his gouge. Only a small scar that looked years old rather than a day’s.
John steadied himself. He had thought that the morning and time alone would make things better. Instead, he was beginning to understand just how much he had lost. All because he hadn’t wanted to pay attention to the signs in front of him.
Sherlock loves the way the words ghost over his own mouth like satin ribbons in a gentle breeze. John’s body is clearly as taut as it will go, and he’s just waiting for the right moment to snap. Sherlock murmurs back to John, “It’s alright. Let go. I’m here.”
“Probably, he said that you were burning your candle at both ends. I figured he wasn’t implying you were a pyromaniac. So, uh, was Trevor your first,” he struggled to come up with a word, “you know, first?”
He’d been confronted about his suspicions, and then wound up sick in bed for mysterious reasons once again? This reeked of foul play. Or was the story Sherlock wove so perfectly tailored because it was perfectly truthful?
"Hm, yes," Sherlock is really concentrated if he doesn't even mock John for his repetition, "We're almost out of milk, and you need a few ingredients if you want to try that recipe you bookmarked the other day." The one John bookmarked on his laptop, not a cookbook. He's not offended, as that is the pinnacle of useless arguments.
God, the man's mouth is positively sinful. One hand is on his hip, while the other gently cradles the back of his head. Sherlock playfully nips at John's lips, and the teen is so distracted that he momentarily forgets there's a second person.
So it had taken some heavy handed bargaining, but John finally got Sherlock to agree. Being a bit more complacent when it comes to requests for future experimentation, and spending less time outside (none at all) for a week were his successful betting chips.  Sherlock's other stipulation was that he would tag along, which he expected, but it isn't until they're in the cab that John realizes how strictly his sociability is going to be monitored.
Talking about things had been a disaster, since John didn’t blame either of them for their current predicament. He was upset at life and how everything had been fitting together as well as a jigsaw puzzle with the pieces filed away. He couldn’t put that on either of them, when he was trying so damned hard to make
Sherlock smiled, and kissed a spot behind John’s ear while he murmured, “Do you not enjoy a gentle touch John?”
He's more than content, lying next to his lover, every inch of him, even his pores, permeated with pure John. In a few days, he'll be able to fully see the scar. To see how much John belongs to him. He curls a little tighter, a smile playing at the edges of his mouth.
“I am for the ayes if that’s the case,” Jim contributed, still focused on the disappearance and reemergence of his organ in John’s slicked hole.
A few hours ago his heart had been beyond his control. Palpitating with incomprehensible dread. Now it provided a steady rhythm to set his steps.
It doesn't take a genius of Sherlock's level to put together why he would suddenly feel uncomfortable. Inexplicably, Sherlock feels his face warm.
Sherlock's heart is pounding with excitement. He's like a hound on a new scent, and he whips around to face which direction the creature could have gone.
John didn’t have an answer for him. He wanted to, he desperately searched himself for a mature and logical response to that question. But he couldn’t find anything suitable. Everything he thought of utterly failed to express how much he wished—
Yet John still leans a little too close to Sherlock whenever he reaches for something. John doesn’t say a word when Sherlock’s feet end up on his lap while they’re watching television. John picks up Sherlock’s dirty teacups with barely a grumble.
“I decided, during my foray into vices, to limit them to just the one,” Sherlock smirked over his glass. “I thought alcoholism on top of everything else might be pushing it a little.”
By the time John had finished his drink and the one gifted to him by the bartender, he gave the venture up as a lost cause. He would have to try again, after he had established himself as a member of the community as much as the residents who had inhabited this area for decades. John had no intentions of becoming a recluse whose only company was that of his own household and the stiff decorum of occasional high society congregations.
Those long, pale fingers are tracing the shapes. His touch is light, like he's afraid John will break with the slightest pressure. John has to choke down a snort at that thought.
John sighs, disheartened by his skim options. He's startled when Sherlock walks through the door, another movie in hand. This time John doesn't wait for Sherlock to pop in the DVD before sitting down.
“It’s alright, I understand. Let me know if you require my help in anyway.” He turned to Jim, “I think I will take your advice, even if it was insensitive, under consideration. My feelings cannot undo what has already occurred, nor does it diminish the gravitas of their deaths. I thank you for your guidance,” he smiled ruefully, “even if it was callously presented.”
Sherlock’s kisses swiftly became frantic, and the nips turned to biting in a clumsy mixture of deliberate and accidental.
John tensely nodded. His eyes strayed back to the traitorous door. In that moment he prayed for a hellish scream, a thundering bang, or even a soft scutter to validate him. Everything remained silent.
For a second, John felt a protective rage surge inside of him. Sherlock had told him his parents were dead, so for a reporter to try and pose as a relative to get a scrap of information was beyond disgusting. But then he remembered that Sherlock had a brother. One that had kicked him out of the house to live in some nowhere town for his ‘best interests’.
Sherlock’s breathing was steady and deep. His eyelids flickered from whatever dream he was seeing. He was still pale, and skinny. The needle in his arm looked harsh and malicious, even though John knew it was giving him much needed nourishment and hydration.
He marched out the door, passing by Jim who was bouncing on his heels and grinning at Sherlock with glee. John would have withdrawn his agreement to the game at the petty display, but he had a point to make.
Clearly carnivorous, it's a wonder why he simply doesn't just eat his victims. That thought was possibly Not Good.
“Well, that’s surprising. So if you’re not calling to try and get a petty rise from me by describing my brother’s…exploits, what exactly was the purpose of this call?”
While John wanted to believe that a group of teenagers, no matter how stupid their chosen extracurriculars, wouldn’t resort to outright murder, there was no denying the bloodthirsty look in Gary’s face, or the way the others jumped up from their seats to comply.
To demonstrate, Sherlock snatched John’s wrist in one hand, and did the same with the other. Both of John’s wrists were raised above his head before the serf had realized what had happened. Smiling darkly at John’s bewilderment, Sherlock guided John towards the bed. One hand kept John’s wrists together while the other steered him at the waist.
Sherlock grimaced, but didn't push him away. Jim got like this occasionally, and the touch wasn't entirely unwelcome at this point.
John couldn’t help but kiss him. It was like a small wave against a sandy shore, unstoppable and gentle. He kissed him over and over until he felt like he was leaving imprints in the shape of his lips.
Suddenly, Seb's stillness became something he was making an effort to control. Sherlock made a small hum of acknowledgement, but didn't comment. This was Jim's way, not his. Eventually, John would learn to love him. He gave an appreciative nod to Jim, then left, plans already forming in his head. He heard Jim say "Finish up quickly here kitten, Sherlock's visit has rekindled some memories of mine."
Molly blushed like she was embarrassed on their behalf. “Yes well, that’s kind of the point. Nobody even knew the kids were
Sherlock surveys the rooftops, wondering where it could have gone. It might be used to massive brawls, and last nights scuffle could have just been another day of the week to the creature, but it had to get tired at some point. It had to rest somewhere, lick its wounds in relative safety.
“I said shut up!” His fist was caught before he even knew it flew. Sherlock stared him down while Moriarty held a shouting Lestrade away from them both.
"The Tiger." Jim let the name linger on his tongue, rolling the 'r'. "Now who doesn't want to keep such a wild creature for a pet? But, what's the saying? You can never trust the tameness of a beast?" Jim's eyes sharpened, watching Seb's still posture. "That's true, of course, until you remove the claws and fangs."
John drops the phone in surprise, spinning to see his visitor. The man is tall, sandy blonde, and solid muscle. Not overdone like an overcompensating bodybuilder, but not like the hidden strength that John is proud of. He's wearing black fatigues with matching t-shirt and boots. The short sleeves show off the Royal Marines crest tattoo on his left shoulder, as well as a massive array of scars.
“Maybe I should’ve asked for a ride,” John mused. He glanced over at Sherlock, who was looking at him with clear amusement. They both started laughing again.
Sherlock had received a text about an hour ago that had the man grinning in a way John hoped to never see again. Before leaving in a frenzy of coat and mumblings, he'd left instructions to John on how to operate the intercom, (John had barely held back the snort at that. Like he's had nothing else to observe here) and left him a burner phone with Sherlock's number to text him during an emergency.
The worst part is seeing his own expression staring back at him. Now, he knows how far his legs will spread in silent invitation. He knows the stutter of his chest when Sherlock uses a little too much teeth. Now he knows the shade of blue in his eyes that means he’s looking forward to what happens next.
John called in sick. He honestly considered himself brave in many ways, but facing an empty office, watching the clock tick by, and dreading either Sherlock’s appearance or his absence was too much for him to shoulder.
When Sherlock comes back a minute and a half later (the damned thing had rolled under his desk and Sherlock had nearly flipped it in frustration), John is lying on his back, with his hands clasped in front of his exposed stomach.
“I had Moriarty with me the whole time,” John protested, “if anything were to have gone awry I was in capable hands.”
He cupped the back of John’s head and looked at him with such devotion that John couldn’t decide to be heartbroken or disgusted. Sherlock’s hands reached behind John’s head. Before he could understand what was going on, there was the soft sound of his claws having ripped through skin. Sherlock winced in pain, and then brought his bleeding wrist to John’s mouth.
“Fuck,” John cursed as he pulled at his own hair to avoid pulling at Sherlock’s. Sherlock licked a wet stripe from the tip of his prick to his balls.
Through the opaque material, Sherlock can make out his initials with the rising blood. He'll keep that when he has to change John's dressing.
Mycroft made a noise that would sound like a noncommittal sigh to anyone else. To John, he knew it was a way to buy time to process.
John mopped up his coffee with a napkin and wryly said, “I think a formal apology is the better way to go, or else they really
He sees his member, full and pumping with blood, the dark color complimenting the metallic dot on the end of it. John remembers how much Sherlock had held in his hands, how long the thing had been before he’d began pushing it into him.
"You pick out somebody else, I'll order you something a little nicer." Sherlock leans over, and plants a quick peck on his lips. John blinks in surprise. This is turning out way better than he expected. John grins and nods, falling back into his seat. The alcohol is buzzing pleasantly in his veins, which is why he doesn't immediately shoo away the beautiful woman that slides into the seat opposite of him.
John smiled wanly, “Support in this time is immeasurable in its appreciation. You and Jim are both unquantified, in this regard.”
It was two tense days before John heard any information about Hope or the two thieves. “The two criminals have been found, and sentenced to hang for their crimes,” Sherlock told him as soon as he learned of the news, “I’m afraid Hope had become too overcome by drink. They found him in a ditch, frozen to death this morning. I’m so sorry John. He seemed to have been trying to find the way home before he got lost out in nature’s grasp.”
The pain in his scalp is secondary, but for some reason the sensation is magnified. What should just be a tug on his head is now a crawling sensation that extends from the crown to his neck. It feels like Sherlock is gently scraping his fingernails over every inch of John's face. John wishes he could say it's a new feeling. A gasp of relief escapes him when he feels the licks of fire in his skin recede. It's slight, but John is ever so grateful for it. He mindlessly nudges his head further into Sherlock's palm, tracking the source of comfort. When nothing happens, and the flame intensifies once more, John doesn't stop the whine that is pulled from his throat.
John struggles, but these men aren't idiots. They've already got both of his arms trapped behind his back. He has no other option but to stand or kneel. It's not difficult to choose. Several more men flood the kitchen, all of them heavily armed, all of their features covered. Except for the one who strides in last. John struggles again when he sees the familiar head of curls.
Sherlock's gaze hones in on his injuries. "Who did this to you?" His voice is soft, but his eyes are glinting. The man raises a gloved hand to his torn arm and John hisses, "Don't touch me."
John moaned deeper, tangling one hand in Sherlock’s curls while the man above him began to gently rock against his hip.
There are candles. Dozens of them, on every available surface. The wax drips onto the candle holders, the metal sculptures tasteful but elegant. Tiny speakers are set up in every corner of the room, playing the music that John can’t name. A table with a white linen cover has another candle in its center, though it’s much smaller. Plates that look like they’re purely meant for display wait to be filled in front of two comfortable chairs.
That night, John slept fitfully, but without any logical reason. All he had was snippets of fingers dragging over flesh and protests being forcibly muffled. There was never any face, or identifying voice. Just teeth and glowing icy eyes.
Sherlock places a final kiss on the scar, and moves away. He leans back for a second, his mind swimming with information and possibilities. He's had John at his mercy for days. He's taken advantage of this. But this is the first time that Sherlock can feel everything wicked about him pouring over the surface. So far he's been cautious, he's held back. He doesn't need to tonight. And it's a good thing that John can't see the grin that comes from that thought.
The man steps into the room, shutting the door behind him. And John can't stop the feeling of being cornered. When the silence weighs him down, John asks, "They?"
John tensed, ready to fight tooth and nail from whatever was in store for him. It was Sherlock's mistake to let the guards leave. He wasn't even drugged. He would take down this pompous bean-pole if it was the last thing he did. Which was very likely, what with the guards just outside the door and all. John took in a steadying breath, and turned.
"Not the good, clean way you want either. He'll keep trying to break you first. Think of new ways to make you 'behave'. Maybe more time in the box, without a catheter. Maybe skinning you piece by piece. Maybe slowly eviscerating every person you've ever said hello to your whole life. And eventually, days or months down the line, he'll succeed. He'll shatter your soul until you're nothing but a drooling mess that can barely remember your own name. Then he'll keep 'playing', until he gets bored. Then he'll set up something really special. Something that will properly punish you for making him bored of you in the first place. And once you finally, blissfully, after hours or days, die, don't be shocked when he brings you back from the dead to start all over again."
“What do you want John?” Sherlock asks, breathless and genuinely curious. He doesn’t know which need is taking precedence inside of John right now, and he finds the mystery beautiful. It’s not the baseness that’s so fascinating, but that it’s John, stoic and reserved John, who is now reduced to a quivering and needy mess is what’s so spectacular.
The spoon is placed gently back against his lips, and John swallows the mouthful greedily. It's regular oatmeal, but there's hints of honey and chunks of walnuts for protein. At this point, John wouldn't care if it was cat food as long as it filled up his belly. Bite by bite, the weariness subsides, and John feels a little more human. Trapped, caged, and imprisoned, but human. He hears the spoon scraping the bowl for the last bite, and John lets it rest for a bit on his tongue before swallowing.
But he didn’t need anything else. He had Mary, and he could work locum jobs until he found something more stable. He didn’t need the thrill of exploding sand or even a critical patient relying on his expertise to feel alive. As long as he had Mary, everything would be fine.
It’s when Sherlock starts alternating between pressing down his hand and humming around John’s prick that his control cracks.
John, this man. This unmeetable, stubborn, glorious, lion of a man. He bites playfully at John's lips, and pulls away to look him in the eye. Thrills shoot through him when he looks into those hazy ocean depths and sees the fighting spirit edged with lust. Sherlock's grin grows wider, and he's never felt so high before in his life. His mind is crystal clear with the litany of 'John'. He may be far from gaining John's love, but Sherlock's heard that hatred is not a mutually exclusive emotion.
The tiny opening closes, without a word from Sherlock. John heaves in a breath. Maybe it's this part that's the worst, when the door closes and he's back in his own little world again.
“A life of constant scrutiny cannot be comfortable;” Sherlock concedes, he remembers being under Mycroft’s eye before Jim had helped him get away, “but I do it out of my own necessity.” He raises his hand to stop John from talking when he whips up his head, “I need to be assured that you will come back John. And currently, your word for it is simply not good enough.”
The sound above John was the driest example of derisive amusement he’d ever heard. “Or perhaps you’re hoping to observe my ‘abilities’ and find some fault in them, so you may conspire with John about it and bond at my expense.”
It was a strange sensation, to be tenderly hugged by a dead thing. He felt her bones pressing hard lines into his flesh. “Harry? What do you mean?”
Sherlock shook his head like he was trying to shake a thought loose, “Just—just exhaustion. I collapsed before I could even—they took the drugs Gary. I need—I need more.”
“Flip him over for me would you?” Jim asked as he unstopped something, “He has such a lovely and smooth back. I would love to have it pressed against me.”
In the bathroom once again, Sherlock placed his ungloved hand against his pale chest. He waited. Ten seconds. Twenty. Forty. Nothing.
Sherlock would sooner kiss Donovan than ask his brother to cough up the information, but he filed it away as a
He felt Sherlock’s fingers tremble against his hip bones. If he focused hard enough, John was certain that he could feel Sherlock’s heartbeat in the pulse of the prick inside of him.
Sherlock didn’t respond, which was as much an admittance as a verbal confirmation. The fingers slid out of his body, and left him exposed long enough that apprehension began to lazily drift across John’s mind. He was lifted and shifted until he lay flat atop of someone.
“Oh, you hardly need to be a genius of my caliber to know when you and Sherlock are suffering from a lover’s spat. I’ve seen neither hide nor hair of you all day, and the great tosser won’t stop pacing about and slamming books unnecessarily. It’s quite unbearable.”
"Release your...friend, and I'll give you untempered access. In addition, I will cut off all of my contacts. Of course, I will be starting afresh, but you should have no interference from my new people for approximately a month."
No one dared to mention that the reason he was always shorthanded was because Sherlock either dismissed them entirely or made them run weeping, or in one memorable instance, screaming, from his labs.
John smiled and squeezed her hand, “Could you find out what room he’s in? It’s not going to go smoothly with the staff otherwise, since we’re not related.”
“Victor. It was hard to describe our friendship, honestly. He was a spoiled brat, but he took pride in the fact that he could keep up with me. Not intellectually,” John snorted at that, “but he took my…let’s call them flaws, in stride.”
He waited for a breathless second, but no one had heard his phone clicking. Belatedly, he turned it on silent, annoyed at himself, and then took a picture of all of the ones whose faces he could clearly see from his vantage point.
Sherlock’s snort of disdain sounded the same as when he was a dragon, but he complied with John’s request. “I don’t understand your modesty,” he said with a twinge of annoyance, “I don’t wear garments as a dragon, and taking on the shape of a man doesn’t change what I am.”
John didn’t hear any apologies, but he assumed by Jim’s silence or some gesture he acquiesced. Then his hips were being pulled backwards by long pale fingers. Unable to move his body, his rump was left exposed to the air while the rest of him was as lax as a doll. He couldn’t even rub his face into the sheets to scrub away his shame.
It's the hallucinations. They started off as his nightmare of being left to drift at sea, but they've evolved the longer he's been stuck in here. They all blend together, creating a melting pot of crazy. At one point, John remembers that he had sunk under the ocean. He'd begun to panic, thinking he was going to drown, but he'd been greeted by a school of magical talking fish that helped him breathe underwater. After that, they'd all burst into a chorus number that outmatched The Little Mermaid.
, moving is a terrible thing. Sucking in air through his teeth, John focuses on his dick, wanting to get this over with so he can pass out already.
Here he is, trying to concentrate on the most important Chemistry exam of his school year, and he's getting too damned distracted by his teacher.
Sherlock minutely dragged himself in and out of John’s body, setting a slow rhythm that must have been tailored to drive John mad. Guttural moans slipped from the both of them, growing in volume the faster Sherlock sped. Sherlock curled himself over John’s body, biting into the junction of John’s neck and shoulder. John cried out from a pain that somehow fueled his pleasure.
After that he’s being led around the car, presumably towards a building. Sure enough, he hears one of the henchmen open up a door. John goes first, so it’s not that big of one, though he could hardly deduce anything even if it
When John tries to pull away, even with the pain it causes his shoulder, Sherlock catches him by the back of the head. Gripping the golden strands, Sherlock shallowly thrusts forward. It's a bit of an empty sensation, since John can't even suck him properly like this. But John's stuttering tongue and clicking noises from the back of his throat combine into one glorious component of pleasure.
John’s heart began to pound despite the opiates. Jim stopped flicking a nipple to remark, “Oh, our golden boy is a little nervous.” He licked up the side of John’s neck, “You should really be grateful. We had an arduous debate about your proper ‘punishment’.
“Are you sure?” John asked. “I mean, I would rather be the one to do it than have some trenchcoated arsehole take pictures, but I don’t exactly feel right giving your brother so much as a ‘Fuck off, he’s doing fine.’”
Sherlock's been unabashedly staring at the gargoyle's back, documenting feverishly how the skin and bone connect to incredibly powerful shoulders. He's pulled out of his reverie when he mentions 'outside'.
He turned around, plate and a cup of tea in hand, when he started at the intense stare on Jim’s face. “Something troubling you dear boy?” Jim asked as he snapped his papers back into form, “You seem awfully agitated this morning.”
His grip tightens on the mobile, and the plastic creaks in protest. So what? Just call somebody. Call the police, tell them you've been kidnapped. Tell them what's happened. There must be something left behind. If nothing else, his story would match up with the break in at Angelo's, and they could move from there.
Jim looked incredibly surprised by that, “Why? You know both Sherlock and I favor logic above sentiment. Just because Sherlock is smitten with you doesn’t mean we place a great deal of emphasis on the fleeting nature of human life.”
They’re both panting afterwards. A satisfactory heaviness weighing down their limbs. Sherlock, with great effort, manages to turn over onto his back, holding John close.
“I’ve done it because I’ve taken away the option of protest, and tying you up relieves you of the burden of fighting back. When you’re unable to do anything, you can let go without any regard to your precious dignity.”
One finger is joined by a second. Now they're going at a slow, leisurely thrust. John squirms, and the hand on his hair tightens minutely.
John nearly steps back to try and help, but Sherlock stops him by placing a hand under his chin and tilting it upward so that he can lean in and kiss him. As John moves his lips against Sherlock’s, and moves his tongue in the familiar patterns, he’s distantly relieved. This is familiar territory. He can lose himself here, and not have to think about cutting truths or unknown motivations for a short while.
Sherlock snorted in a burst of laughter, “I mean, why are you paying for the groceries of a stranger, when you aren’t in the best of financial circumstances?” John shifted his attention back to the bags, moving stiffly. Sherlock noticed and said, “I apologize. I shouldn’t have brought it up-”
He sat amongst the flowers, listening to the gentle patter of snowfall. Very soon, his acknowledgment of his luck and privilege no longer felt like an ill-gotten gift, but a genuine blessing.
In revenge, John slid his hands from Sherlock’s nape to his nipples, and rubbed his thumbs over the little points. Sherlock shivered against him, unable to continue teasing John as he succumbed to sensation. John smirked and kept one set of fingers plucking and pressing, while he slid his other hand to the front of Sherlock’s jeans.
“Clearly I should have sent for a tutor a while ago,” Sherlock wasn’t necessarily shouting, but his words seemed to fill the room with a malicious miasmic quality, “if you come up with these ridiculous theories in order to cure your boredom.”
He shifted underneath Sherlock who eventually moved off of him with much grumbling. Ever thankful for their private washroom, John collected a warm and damp towel to bring back to their bed. Judging by the way his legs were already stiff and the deep ache of his bottom, tomorrow would be an endurance. He couldn’t find it within himself to care.
He's never seen actual evidence of John's nightmares (the cameras had been for nothing after all), but he knows they exist. A post traumatic army doctor that aches for adrenaline could hardly have a pleasant psyche. The drugs alleviate him from dreams of any kind, but John's demeanor doesn't seem soothed. He just looks, well, drugged. Like his mind is still aware that there should be a battle going on but his body is unable to do anything.
He pulls away, and there's a flash of disappointment in his body. There's a similar emotion in Sherlock's eyes, and John can't see the surprise in Jim's face. The two men didn't think John would willingly pull away from what he's clearly wanted for a long time. John says, "Wait, Mr. Holmes-"
John moaned, and one of his hands gripped the arm that still kept him trapped against Sherlock’s chest. He clutched at it as if it were an anchor. That seeking for something stable to ground himself spurred Sherlock on, “Were you truly unaware John, of how much seeing you like this affects me?”
Sherlock’s beginning to suspect he can read something of the future from their tempos, when John interrupts his thoughts by saying, “I’m sorry that took me so long.”
“Don’t drop your head,” Sherlock said in warning, “even if you don’t want to see what you look like while you’re being mercilessly fucked, I certainly do.”
The soap had been a really hard decision on Sherlock's part. He quite prefers John covered in his spunk. It's the only time John is anywhere close to being completely covered and owned by Sherlock. He suspects that John would rather walk around naked than wear anything that might have been worn by Sherlock. Tattooing is an option, but Sherlock doesn't know how to practice that particular skill. And the thought of another person inking John is completely out of the question.
The door still didn’t open. John tried the door knob again, because desperation had taken place of his decorum. It turned under his hand from the other side. It swung open, and John was left to stare up at a bewildered young man. The angle made rain drops fall into John’s eyes. He barely blinked them away.
Sherlock stares at the rivulets making their way down the window. The rain pelts in sheets outside of the flat. It’s a good thing he’s honed his focus into a fine art, or the noise would be thoroughly distracting.
“Yeah,” John drawls, “for normal couples. You know, the ones that don’t involve scarring and a perpetual sense of terror. ‘Drawing out the surprise’ in this sense just translates to ‘letting the dread simmer’.”
He felt Sherlock tense across from him. John continued to stare at his hands. John would rather believe it was cowardice, than admit to the possibility that his resolve would waver if he met Sherlock eye to eye.
Now John was lying on his back, half off of their shared blanket, as a confused teenager looked down with his hands on either side of John’s torso.
Then Sherlock's off again, "Oh, that's an ingenious method of adaptability. Does it keep you warm as well?" And he makes a move to reach for it, and stops himself when the creature flinches back.
The shredded blanket served as a makeshift bandage, but the material was far from ideal. Already the silk was sticking to his wound and refused to be as absorbent as linen. He would have to find something else to dress his cut before his next escape. Before Sherlock came back to enact whatever sinister plan he had in mind.
John let out a slow breath, and lowered the gun back down. Then he picked up his phone and aimed it back at the children who were in way over their empty heads.
The teenager slowly sat back as he savored his bite. When he swallowed, John saw the pale column of his throat bob with the motion. Sherlock’s finger traced around his own lips, before he slipped it into his mouth to lick up any remainders.
“Oh. Oh!” John winced at himself. He thought he couldn’t have made his reaction more awkward if he had tried.
He was seriously considering just hiding in the library when Jim looked up from his reading. “Morning Johnny! Care to join me for breakfast?”
"Called off your guy when I saw the CCTV of short, stocky and blonde heading after you with Pickner. He may not have looks, but he's certainly got guts! (Pun not intended, lol)
Oh, glorious John. Wonderful, spit on the wound on the face of danger and rub salt in it, John. This was turning out to be so much fun.
Sherlock thought of how close he had come to cradling cold flesh. He breathed out, and a frosted mist of cold fury caused John to shiver underneath him. He brought himself under control, and eventually John’s breathing evened again.
Sherlock scoffed, “You are many things my husband. Possessing a macabre imagination may be one of the newest attributes I’ve unveiled about yourself, but you are far from weak.”
Does he club Sherlock over the head when they're watching a movie? He doesn't have any weapons. Manhandle him? That's promising, Sherlock's obviously important enough to use as collateral. That could protect him from the guards for a little while. Until he ditches Sherlock. At which point an untold number of mercenaries would descend on his ass.
Those demons had tormented her abundantly after their father had died. But she had been recovering before Moriarty and Holmes had waltzed into their lives. John had assumed she had fallen into an abyss in her own mind once more, and would never again be able to climb back out.
He's torn from his spiral when he hears a woman scream. John doesn't like to think he perked up, but he did rush to the sound in a hastier fashion than normal.
“No need,” Jim trilled, “I know how busy you are Sherlock. What with the whole shipment thing in the Andes you’re so keen about.”
Flashes of clinging hands, deep groans, and two sets of tongues and minds working together to peel him apart, came crashing into John’s head. The memories slipped away before he could process them fully, but the damage had been done.
John remains silent in the middle of their bedroom. He dryly wonders if that’s all he is to Sherlock sometimes, a literal captive audience.
Luck had been on their side that night. His fireball had broken open a rusty water pipe in the building. The water had been black with stagnation, but it had served its purpose.
Perhaps they had all been transferred to the sea, left afloat on the open water, with how assuredly the floor was rocking.
“Snuck out then did you? How the hell did you even find this place? What?” His voice dipped into an exaggerated baritone, “Was it something about the mud patterns on my shoes? The fraying of my jacket? That I didn’t blink in a certain direction?”
Sherlock takes a step back, but is halted when John immediately latches on to wrist with one hand. Sherlock checks to see if John's vision has improved, but no. He's still unfocused, but his eyes are pinpointed to the approximation of his location. He doesn't want to be left alone. Wonderful.
“I’m a free person. I fought for that. I bled for it. I won’t have that taken away, no matter the intentions or how much I care for the person responsible.”
Jim beamed, spreading out his hands and arms in a congratulatory gesture. "See? I knew there was a reason I kept you as a partner, but that's not entirely it Sherly."
Sherlock looked up from his prone position on John's belly. The doctor's face was twisted to the side, eyes screwed shut against the small pinpricks of desire from Sherlock's mouth. His hands were in fists by his sides, and John's blatant refusal against the pleasure brought to him was the most arousing sight Sherlock had seen. John visibly relaxed when Sherlock stopped his onslaught, but he didn't open his eyes.
John's mind is too busy whiting out to respond to the rhetorical question. A year? A full year? They've been...'together' for that long now? When he focuses again on Sherlock, he looks contemplative.
"Ah, ah, John," Sherlock admonishes, "I'm going to prepare you like last time, but I won't warn you again. You have to relax." John knows that he's serious. He knows that was probably the only precursor he's going to get for this evening. John's not delusional into thinking that his 'punishment' was only going to be an extended blow job. So he takes a deep breath, and forces his body to go boneless against the cushions.
As gently as a pin through cloth, they slid under the thin barrier of his flesh to nestle and slink through his veins. His membranes and fluids were now the home to a community of delicate vegetation. They soaked up his blood to pull it steadily into a circulatory system that it didn’t belong to.
John spots a few more cars along the way, but he avoids all of them. His paranoia is ratcheted up to eleven now. And he has no idea if the man was telling the truth that there's a police station near here. He finds a tube station, but it's closed for reconstruction. John nearly rips the sign to bits.
He snaps off his latex gloves, and turns around to find John unabashedly beaming and unselfconsciously declaring, “Brilliant!”
Sherlock brought back plenty of game and root vegetables from the forest. Once or twice he came back with crates full of more luxurious produce. Things which could only be bought from lavish markets with large amounts of coin, or taken by force. John became quiet every time Sherlock brought back such boxes.
It didn’t matter, John told himself as he walled away the realizations that were trying to break through. This development between them was being stopped, one way or another. There was no point in trying to figure something out when its point was already moot.
He answered, “Besides the defensive wounds on your hands, I hardly doubt that you would get that bad of a black eye if you were expecting someone to retaliate. From the looks of things, someone hit you straight in the face.”
John picks up on his point, "You once had me get your phone out of your own pocket because you were 'busy' with your microscope, while I was walking around the house without being able to use my hands. I had to get it out with my teeth."
John didn’t register her words until she began to crawl towards the sludge beside them. Aghast, John rushed forward. “Harry, no!”
Sherlock’s smile doesn’t grow, but there is a tension that’s smoothed out from his shoulders. He pulls John closer, maneuvering his hands so that one rests on Sherlock’s shoulder while Sherlock holds the other. Sherlock’s free hand rests atop the curve of John’s hip.
"You were an outstanding British citizen tonight, it only seems fair that I do the same." Sherlock shrugs, but he really just wants to do something at least passably nice for him. He's not delusional. He knows he's not a good man and what he has planned for John Watson is deplorable but he just doesn't care. He wants this man. In every way he can have him and he doesn't even blink at what that means. John smiles again (Sherlock loves stars but if that smile was his sky he would be happy) and says "I'll only take it for your name and number." Oh, he's flirting. Good, sexual attraction will definitely help things along.
The teen wordlessly hopped up onto the bed and gingerly placed the compress over his eye without instruction. John handed him a few more tissues while apologizing, “Unfortunately I don’t really have anything to immediately stop the bleeding. Just keep pressure on your sinuses for now.”
. The sound makes every bone in Sherlock's body shake in fear and awe. The wings fully extend, the width only slightly bigger than the creature's height (but it's crouching, so that should be taken into account), and Sherlock covers his face with his sleeve to avoid the pelting debris.
His punishment is overabundance. Whatever Sherlock wants, he's getting tonight. John's not sure if he can survive the extent of a sociopath's imagination.
The grinding of car tires over gravel halted close to where John was stuck, and he heard officers shouting at each other to ‘cut them off’. Before John could alert them to his location, a hand reached for him.
In a sudden bout of modesty, he tries to bring up his hands to cover his chest. In between the two men who see everything, he feels rightfully vulnerable. But both men catch different wrists before he can wrap them around himself.
John’s eyes widened at the realization that this was nowhere near over. He quickly sat up, directly facing the overbearing Alpha who had thrown his life into chaos in the span of a few hours. His gaze roamed Sherlock’s body, coming to rest on the prince’s groin. A severe blush took hold of John’s face, and he felt the warm prickles of arousal begin again in his stomach. The blush intensified when he felt his own wetness seeping from him. A natural response to an Alpha that had given him his bite claim and was preparing to mount, but it was still embarrassing.
Mary nodded absently, clearly already thinking about something else. “I think we should invite him over sometime for dinner. You said he’s bored here already yeah? I’m sure you’re right, and he just needs some friendly faces to talk to.”
John had a brief moment to wish for his gun, even just to use as a blunt object to their faces. His fists would have to do. Before one of them could reach for him, John stepped into his space, and hit him dead across the jaw. The kid hit the ground.
“I told you, this place is dreadfully dull. When you weren’t back after several hours to bemoan about the boredom I became worried.” Sherlock’s eyes took in his husband’s appearance with what little bit the moonlight allowed him to see, and even in the pitch night John could make out his darkening expression.
Sherlock’s hands moved to try and spread John’s thighs wider. John complied, although he felt nervousness squirm inside of his heart.
John watched as the green cells turned dusky with a distant horror. He was too paralyzed to do anything, and the ability to scream was quickly fleeing with each panicked pump of his heart.
Lestrade raised an eyebrow, but when Sherlock failed to explain, he just sighed and left. Donovan followed, curiosity winning out over spiting Sherlock the satisfaction of anything.
“Are we not?” the dragon frankly asked. He stepped towards John, maintaining the same fluid grace he possessed when he was far larger. “I’ve just shown you a form that could lead to my ruin if others were to know of it. If shedding your clothes is supposed to be equivalent to that level of vulnerability, wouldn’t that make us intimate now?”
The funeral was a small affair. Sherlock had offered to pay for something more lavish--a gleaming coffin, perhaps some more roses for the wake--but John had refused. Harry wouldn’t have wanted something so frivolous.
John noticed, but he didn’t move away. Sherlock took away a dozen meanings from that. John was a boy who often had to fend for himself and his sister, against vagabonds and his own blood alike.
“I thought we were over this petty behavior Sherlock. Unless I need reevaluate what it means when you two promise your word over a matter supposedly resolved?”
He jerked a thumb back at the man who had slowly begun to sit up. From this distance, it was hard to tell expressions, but John could sense a coiled tension that only came from unpredictable people.
Both Molly and John were swept up in asking him follow up questions about that. By the time they were done, John had shared half of his plate with Sherlock, and it was well past the start of the next period.
He had a long shower, because he needed it, and because he wanted to wash the day’s events off of him. He wanted this failure, a tally in a slowly growing set, to flow down the drain. His body was clean, but the memory of him losing his resolve and caving under possible rejection clung to his mind like grime.
Sherlock whipped open the door, and Lestrade cried out in shocked embarrassment and turned to face away. Sherlock wasn't wearing any trousers yet.
to know what is going on, as his slow arrival to the conclusion will make Sherlock irritated. John looks up at Sherlock’s eyes to be sure that he’s not growing annoyed, but the man’s face is an eerie mask of patient anticipation. He’s not waiting for John to catch up, he’s waiting for…something else. It should bother John that he hasn’t figured out what Sherlock seeks to gain from this weird stand-off but he can’t be asked to care.
A look of fondness came over Jim's expression, and he leaned back in his chair as he looked at his pet.
Sherlock tries to hold back his smile, and fails a little bit. Instead of answering John’s original inquiry, Sherlock takes the time to admire the smoothness of the fabric under his hand, and the way he can feel John’s muscles shift with each step.
John reached for her arm and pulled her back before she touched the water. “Harry, please, you’re not filth. I miss you, come with me to the surface.”
Every person in the medical field has to have a level head to some extent. You can’t enter into a profession where you’re always working at top performance without being inclined towards a certain lifestyle. Regardless, the two of them had always loved it a little more, had always grinned a little sharper by the end of an eighteen hour shift. Being forced to save lives one after the other like the world’s most macabre assembly line didn’t deter them, it
But that wasn’t what he’d told Sherlock. He’d told him that he was far too young to truly know his feelings. He had told a young man, who was putting in real effort into making someone proud, that there was no way John could ever take his emotions seriously. He had also said that he didn’t reciprocate those feelings.
John hoped Sherlock saw how earnest he was being when he said, “I understand that. And I am here for you, whenever you need to talk about it.”
John only realizes how trapped he is when Sherlock spreads him again with one hand, bringing up something hard and silicone with the other. He tried to shift away or towards it, he's not sure. But then the buckles clinked around his ankles, and John keened low in his throat. He tried to turn his head to see what Sherlock was doing, and could only get a good view of his shoulder before his neck started to cramp.
The hands grasp him a little tighter when John starts stroking. Slowly, one of the hands unwraps from around his midsection, and travels. Across his chest, across his nipples, his stomach, his navel. To John, it doesn't even feel like a lustful caress. It feels exploring, trying to map out John's body in complete darkness. It feels like the most intimate thing John's ever done.
Sherlock’s clearly caught on to John’s realization, as he stares unabashedly as John gulps down the water. When John takes a moment to breathe, Sherlock is pushing the glass back up to his lips insistently. John only complains by rolling his eyes before obediently swallowing the rest.
Sherlock obediently stopped. Distress was visibly etched on every line of his face. “John, it’s me. It’s your husband,” he said it as if his heart was breaking in his chest.
“You know what? Never mind, it isn’t important,” John said at the same time Sherlock went, “He suggested you and I were lovers.”
John walked towards the glass greenhouse. The sound of his crunching steps kept tempo to the mantra that had begun in his head. The need to look, the need to know, the need to be certain. Even if he was confident, beyond a doubt, of what he would find. He needed to see it with his own eyes.
John gasps when Sherlock moves on to his neck, arches in just the right way for better access. Sherlock sucks at a particularly sensitive spot, and John grips Sherlock’s shoulders for stability. He pretends that he’s imagining clawing into that pale back, and not trying to find a steady anchor.
The only time Sherlock will have cause to worry is when John completely stops reacting to his own mind. Sherlock distinctly remembers that as the time Sebastian had broken. When he'd stopped screaming, yelling, mumbling, or even glaring. The man had taken everything, from knives, whips, electrocution and solitary, in dead silence.
He attempts to move his arms, but they're tied to his knees. He would lower his legs, but some sort of bar is in the way. His legs are forced to be splayed wide, and his hands keep him curled slightly. The only way he's comfortable is thanks to the couch. He's spread, open and vulnerable. John can feel more heat rush to his cheeks when he hears Sherlock speak.
“I prefer him regarding me in admiration rather than fear, Moriarty.” In and out the digits went, leaving him stuffed and then achingly empty. It was a sublime torture, and one that he couldn’t wake from.
Between one blink and the next his vision was filled with skeletal apparitions. All of them crowded close upon him, clawing at his skin. They wailed in a dozen screams to run, to flee, to go. John was petrified. One came close to his neck, and bit at the delicate flesh. John thought he felt tearing, and a warm gush of blood down his throat.
John was surprised that only the two classmates had vomited. He’d managed to keep everything down, but he could barely stand the sight of smiles for a solid week.
Angelo, pale face twisted in pain, stands straighter, clutching the sluggishly bleeding shoulder, "Yeah, I did. And you know what? I'd have taken the poor bastard to the ends of the Earth to get him away from you if I'd known that's what he was running from."
"Ah. Yes," Sherlock coughs, understanding now, "I've been meaning to tidy up. Just haven't found the time."
Sherlock huffed derisively at that, “If it wasn’t the thick fools that take violent exception to being called as such, it’d be the mind-numbing monotony that would’ve spoiled this town’s ‘oh so delightful’ prospects.”
“Not that,” John dismissed, “the ones about him being a little hellion in the classroom. Sure, he’s sharp as a whip with his words as much as his mind, but some social awkwardness is hardly rare in a teenager.”
If the measure of time had seemed indecipherable up the craggy cave, it was positively nonexistent on his way down. He was too concerned with his numb limbs and chattering teeth to notice how long he’d been climbing. He was caught between the need to stop for rest and knowing that respite meant risking falling into a slumber he’d never awake from.
It feels as though those words were the key to unlocking the encryption that is Sherlock Holmes’ motivation.
His face hit the pillow. His last thought was how he had been heading for Sherlock’s house as if he intended to sleep there. But that was silly. He was just being polite, walking the kid back to his home to make sure he didn’t topple on his front step.
This is certainly not like the chaste pecks they'd indulged in at the pub. Sherlock's mouth is possessive, hard and unyielding. He grips John's face with one hand, holds him still at the shoulder with the other. He barely gives John room to breathe, seem to swallow his oxygen down as he sucks on his tongue. He nips harshly at his bottom lip, and John releases a small shout from the pain. Sherlock pulls back, and deliberately licks the blood away from his red cupid's bow.
Sherlock hasn't forgotten his original plan. He still wants John to love him. That particular avenue hadn't gone the way he had wanted, but Sherlock has been patient. And he will continue to be patient. John’s acceptance is something he is more than willing to wait for, and they have all the time in the world.
“See how sweet it can be when you give in Johnny?” Jim panted in his ear. John could only groan in response.
John gave himself a moment to reflect on how strange his new husband and housemate were. Genius was often paired with eccentricity he supposed. Lord knew that the both of them could outsmart the Devil if it ever became an option.
John jerks away strongly, blind fear making him fight where ingrained instincts would have told him to lie still. But his leg just jerks against the restraints and his other twitches uselessly in Sherlock’s grip. He can’t even feel his arms anymore but he mindlessly rolls his shoulders to try and push himself up and away. The instinct to flee and prevent this mortification is too great for rationality, but Sherlock just uses his weight to pin John in place. His thrusts pick up in speed and his breath comes out in ragged pants.
John tries to angle himself down, to have Sherlock hit him fully against his prostate. But it still doesn't help. He tugs on his hands, but Jim is surprisingly strong. With a few more thrusts, John cries out, "God, I need to come!"
Even though he hadn’t done anything of real physical effort, he still felt like he had been dragged over several miles of rocks. Distantly, he heard Mary’s car engine start up, followed shortly by it tearing off down the street.
When he's done he feels, well, not fully human, but a step is a step. John opens the curtain, and considers pulling it down to make a crude toga. He really doesn't want to walk around naked and cold, but then what about privacy? This little niche is the only place he has where he's not being recorded. His decision is made for him when he spots the folded white clothes in front of the door.
His point seemed to fly completely over Sherlock's head. The criminal looked like he was recalling a fond memory.
John wracked his brain for anything that could help him. He tried thinking of meeting a Holmes he could have pissed off earlier in life. But no, he would remember a name like that. To say nothing of how much he would've remembered a man like Sherlock for as long as he lived. Probably shouldn't dwell on Sherlock right now. John's furious blood pressure levels may kill him. Maybe this tied in to Afghanistan somehow? Was this a terrorist cell inside of London that kidnapped and tortured veterans for information? That was definitely a sobering thought.
“Orchestra.” Sherlock picked at the paper of the table. “Or what passes for it in this wretched school anyway.”
Jim gave him a look of deep pity, and Sherlock tried to entreat with him. “John, listen to yourself! To alter every single document, which even the officer will grant is quite an extensive number, down to stranger’s signatures, is not something we could conceivably accomplish.”
John was interrupted from his suppositions by Sherlock walking through his door. He carried a lit candle, which casted his features into an even sharper distinction. He smiled when he saw John propped up against the pillows. Normally the sight would have filled him with affection, but instead John felt a strange apprehension. He forced it away, and blamed his unnatural fears on his overtaxed mind and body.
He pushed down the strange non-memories and said, “Indeed. I don’t suppose that, as new companions, you could sneak me out of this room for a short while?”
Which is brilliant. More people means more avenues of escape. John would try to flag down a cab, but there are no cars passing him on the street. There's barely anyone around at all. John wonders what time it could possibly be to make London so stagnant.
Three words that had taken so long to say. John said them quickly, so they wouldn’t tangle and knot like they had earlier. Now that it was out in the open, he saw no reason to hold back.
“You so do. You like being recognized for your genius, you great big drama queen.” John giggled at his own teasing. He saw the way Sherlock’s ears were turning pink and stopped from keeping it up.
The dragon’s lips curled up in a smirk. He lapped gently at the small bud until it began to stiffen. He kissed his way across John’s chest and repeated his ministrations on the other nipple.
He breathed deeply enough to feel his lungs hurt from the pressure. With his limited familiarity with technology and a buzzing brain, it took him a few minutes to compile a succinct but satisfactory message.
Sherlock hums thoughtfully, and tilts his head at him. The gesture is at odds with the smile that is carefully kept in place. But it’s also so weirdly befitting that it makes John’s skin prickle.
“I said enough!” The voice cut through the taunts like an icy wind. John had to hand it to the kid, he at least knew how to keep a bunch of teenagers in line. John just might ask him for tips after he was in handcuffs.
Sherlock grinned. It was his turn to show off now. "I know that you have strong moral values for a 'dangerous supernatural creature'. I know that it's probably something to do with most of your family members being murdered. I know that despite living for quite possibly hundreds of years, you still view humanity as something worth protecting. Despite its massive and numerous flaws. I know that you're tired of living alone, and that you wish you had someone to talk to. Well, I'm offering, no strings attached. I think that's enough to be going with, don't you?"
John breathed through his nose, counted to three, and let it out. His vocal chords still felt tangled around each other. They prevented him from saying ‘I had a nice night,’ or ‘I’m sorry it ended like this’. Both felt unacceptable, but saying nothing seemed far worse.
As John pulled into his parking space, he remembered how they had both desperately tried to stay stable as their relationship sucked them steadily downwards like quicksand.
There is a tiny camera fitted with night vision and a microphone in front of John's face on the inside. There is a live stream, much like last time. Sherlock had finally been fortunate enough to watch John's realization, then his attempt at keeping it together, then his despair second by glorious second. It is a shame the color is affected, and he can't see John's expressive blue eyes, but it is a small price to pay.
John's breath comes to a halt. He is being hunted. "You're a constable?" John asks, looking to the wide expanse of sky. It would be the simplest thing to fly away, but he can't just leave. Sentiment keeps him rooted for now. This is his nest dammit, his home. Who is this human to drive him away?
“John,” Sherlock whispered. His head came down to nuzzle John’s neck, tickling John’s face with his black curls. “John, you are beyond value. To know that you’d willingly hand over—I know what clothing means for humans. You mentioned before, do you remember? The first time I showed you my form. You said that nudity for humans is an intimate gesture. To know that you would be constantly bare, that you’d be consistently showing how much you belong to me. I cannot express it in words.”
garrulous,” Sherlock lamented. Jim thrusted particularly forcefully, and John’s moan sufficiently distracted them from their repartee. Jim repeated the motion, avidly watching John’s face rather than the place they were joined.
John moves in front of the woman, spreading his wings wide in a position to protect her. The thugs have only one avenue of escape, and it's past him. They'll have to duck and run, or fight him head on.
Yet sleep eluded him. Every time he felt himself begin to drift he was yanked back to alertness by his shivering body and hammering heart. Exhaustion, fever, and restlessness led to delusion, for at one point, John opened his eyes to find Jim sitting at the end of the bed.
He checks out, and leaves the store feeling some weight lifted off of his shoulders. When he gets home, there's a note from Mrs. Hudson saying she's taking a short vacation with her sister. Good, the woman deserves some time off. God knows John should be the only one that has to put up with him. As he comes up the stairs, he hears Sherlock still in the kitchen. The glass is clinking with more enthusiasm than usual. Either he's frustrated with the results, or he's getting close to his outcome.
As he’d gotten off the plane, John hadn’t been able to hide the way months of blood and bullets had weathered his face as much as a scorching desert sun. Since Mary didn’t try to stop her face from crumbling in overjoyed relief at the sight of him, John called it even.
Sherlock smiled, pride beaming in his eyes. He leaned down and kissed John, gently exploring his mouth. After a brief period, John began to press back. They laid there, Sherlock hovering over him, just softly pressing themselves against one another.
Two large portions of expensive seafood pasta, as well as delicately arranged salads were laid before them. When the servers had quickly fled, Sherlock pushed his dishes to the side while Mycroft picked at his salad. "Go on then." Sherlock drawled, "What can you possibly offer me in place of my new toy?" He spat out the last word. Mycroft's eyebrow raised, assessing this new development of Sherlock's view on the doctor.
John ran across the frozen ground into the mansion. A quick glance at a longcase clock told him he had minutes to get back to the study to return the keys, sequester the evidence, and get into bed without Sherlock noticing his absence.
“I would have thought you’d want to visit the greenhouse immediately,” Jim pointed out, with his head tilted like John was doing something curious. That was, John thought, what he amounted to after all, a curiosity for two bored and immoral men.
John knew she was just as antsy about this job as he probably was. It wasn’t easy to find work that you loved. She returned before lunch, and offered to buy his to celebrate his lack of a cane.
“That’s surprisingly astute of you,” said the kid who really needed to lay off of the hard sibilant sounds, or John was going to lose his composure, “what else?”
“Sherlock, wait.” John finally caught up to him in the kitchen, whose layout was similar to John’s house but with far more chemistry equipment and pungent odors.
She’d named herself the Tempest of Mercy. Sensationalist media referred to her as the Spark of Death. John called her ‘a pity’ when they’d loaded her onto an ambulance that had been specifically insulated. Sherlock, silently, had deemed her a dead woman.
It's a mottled thing, an angry red against the pale skin that wasn't touched by Afghan sun. John once had the poetic thought that it resembled a flower. Now, he just sees it as raised skin and deadened nerves. John only registers Sherlock's touch because he's pressing insistently against the center of the scar. John hisses at the pain and Sherlock looks sharply back at him.
Sherlock does nothing, no mocking raise of the eyebrow, no darkening clouds in the eyes, just stands there, letting John speak. "About us," John finishes, after he's swallowed enough times to get some moisture back into his mouth.
The setting sun offers plenty of shadow, so his dark curls and coat render him almost invisible. He'll just have to hope that the creature is as unobservant as the rest of humanity. Sherlock wonders when he started banking on pure luck to get him out of dangerous situations.
Sherlock hid his smile by quickly dropping it against John’s shoulder. He shifted a bit, delighted by the little noises John made, until he was kneeling again, still seated inside of John. While a part of him wished to tease John with tiny thrusts until the man cursed him with every vulgar word under the sun, the tight coil of heat in Sherlock’s belly told him that he wouldn’t last much longer.
"Been there before mate. Come on, you look thin as a rail." John follows him out of the tiny room back into the well lit kitchens. Apparently, while he had been on the phone, the stranger had set up a plate for him. Both plates are heaped with noodles and red sauce, and there's a small basket of rolls lying beside it. The stranger pulls out two metal chairs, and both takes their places. John digs in, and the first bite is just as divine as he expected. He plows it all down, and then stops himself. He looks up at the bemused expression on the man's face.
And John's got some choice fucking words for that look, but he remembers to be at least slightly cooperative, and he breathes out. His blue eyes are chips of stone though, and he doesn't unclench his arms.
John shook his head, “He’s here to celebrate. I was wondering if it would be okay if he came inside? He could tell the story better than I could anyway.”
“I told you not to overexert yourself,” Sherlock reprimanded, worry tightening the corners of his eyes. He helped John into bed.
Besides the restless anxiety, the only downside is that Sherlock is bored between his interactions with John. Watching him blubber into one of his hallucinations is always a treat, but eventually John is always forced to pass out from nothing to do.
John felt like he should say something. It was a disconcerting feeling to suddenly feel sympathy for a person he would have gladly punched in the kidneys two seconds ago.
"No Sherlock, I mean it. There was nothing there." Lestrade insisted, "I had someone call the department, and apparently, around the time of the mugging, the footage blacked out. Completely. It wasn't back online until this morning."
He hears Sherlock exit out of his side of the car door, and feels cool air when his opens up. He shifts, groping for the top of the car door to judge the distance from banging his head. He gets a foot out before he feels someone, Sherlock, (of course, it’s always Sherlock) take him by the arm and pull him gently the rest of the way out.
“Fuck’s sake,” John cursed into the pillow. It took him less than two seconds to come to a decision. “Were you tested during your rehab?”
In the back of his mind John was still afraid. He’d seen the intent gaze Sherlock had adopted at the thought of piercing his body. There was an intensity there that rivalled even the most ardent lovers of John’s past. He doubted it was a thought the dragon would dismiss so easily, and John had a sinking suspicion that it wasn’t the worst thing he could do.
“All of this running around, getting suspicious with barely more than your own solid instincts. Honestly I think this is why we didn’t choose smart ones when we picked out our…let’s refer to them as ‘beneficiaries’. Oh, but Sherlock was ever so insistent about having you.”
A cataclysmic shockwave tears through John’s body. Everything is being centered in the points of his shoulder and his groin. Two giant starbursts of sensation, until John understands what a supernova feels like before it destroys itself.
Besides that, the bed and a non bolted table and chair there's really nothing else. Sherlock had been completely stumped as to what he should have in the room. Normally he would have his toys left on gleaming display for his prisoner to fret over which one he would use first. But since he wants John at ease, perhaps he should consider adding in more things to make the cell appear like a home. But that will come later. He'll decide what course of action to take when John wakes up.
But then his doctor walked out, and Sherlock felt a pang of concern when he noticed the scratches on John's body and the broken skin on his knuckles. John shouldn't do this to himself. John's pain was as much Sherlock's to control as his pleasure. If John ever felt discomfort, it was to be caused by Sherlock and no one else. His thoughts started to derail when he noticed something odd about his soldier.
It wasn’t until the orgasmic haze had drifted away that Sherlock realized he’d bitten into John’s shoulder when he came. He traced the bite mark with his fingertips. One of many that he’d left behind, but this one was especially deep.
Jim jostled him as he thrust up again, turning John’s denials and protests into gasps of pleasure. He felt Sherlock’s eyes rove over inch of him, just as tangible as the prick filling his insides. There was so little for him to focus on, that it inevitably fell to the sorry state of his own confused arousal.
Sneaking in to the tower is more difficult than he had originally anticipated. There's a guard blocking the only entrance up. Really, are people so blind that they're not going to question a guard stationed to an inconspicuous area? It would be a simple enough thing to dismiss the guard on important government business, but he absolutely
Growling at the thought, Sherlock began to move himself in small thrusts. He was barely moving in and out of John’s body, when the boy suddenly clenched even tighter around him. Sherlock felt small nails digging frenzied scratches into his shoulders. The boy went slightly lax in the next second, and Sherlock realized that the Omega had come again.
John fell silent, but for different reasons. Despite having her right next to him, John had felt like she had slipped out of existence during his and Sherlock’s minor spat.
Sherlock hits play and leans back to watch. Though John very much doubts Sherlock is going to pay a lick of attention to the screen. Somehow, Sherlock doesn't strike him as an Bond fan. Or an anything fan.
His heart echoed in his skull. He didn’t dare to move, yet the thought of staying filled him with dread. With deep breaths steadying his limbs, he tried to inch towards the forest’s edge.
A chill passed over him. Right, his leg. The one that had stopped pretending to have sharp pains when he was with Sherlock.
John hadn’t argued against it. How could he be humiliated by something that no one would ever see or know? Dozens of garments he’d tried on, and John certainly had a new found respect for the women who had to wear the things every day. The fabric was heavy and cumbersome, took an incredibly long time to adorn, and served no purpose other than turning a human being into a bauble to be admired.
Instead, they both clung to pride, their supposed last and most cherished possession, and stalked off to their separate beds without another word.
He looks up from his concentration, to find that the pair has engaged themselves rather enthusiastically when he wasn't paying attention. Sherlock chuckles, glad to see that John has seamlessly blended Jim into their tryst without any difficulty.
“You were doing so well too,” Sherlock snidely says, and even he can hear the way his voice has been pushed down to make room for something more carnal.
As he makes it further down the littered walkway, he can't help but crow victoriously in his head. He knows it's way too early to celebrate, and people are undoubtedly after him by now, but he's gotten out. He's free. And John's going to make damned sure it stays that way.
Before Sherlock could even outstretch his arms for him, John backed away. “Get away from me!” he shouted, “Don’t you dare touch me!”
Sherlock finally lets go when he reaches the end, and John lets out a soft, "God," of relief. He still feels weirdly penetrated, a constant ache at the end and base of his penis. If he hadn't just emptied his bladder, he would think he'd have to go again. A slight shift moves the thing inside of him, and John tenses in fear. He's a doctor, and Sherlock has performed admirably for what is (presumably) his first time. But images of tearing and a cracked tube still bounce around in his skull.
John groaned, this time in exasperation, and covered his face with his hands. It was the perfect opportunity for Sherlock to pop out the memory card and slip it between his fingers. He’d hide it soon, in his dressing gown when John wasn’t paying attention.
Sherlock's lips leave his dick with a soft pop. John tries getting his breath back under control in the meantime. He hates that he still can't see. There's nothing for him to focus on, nothing to distract him. Sherlock has had his body before, but John fears that he'll have his mind soon enough. John hears the familiar pop from the cap of lube, and he tenses.
Sherlock's fingers are always gentle and soothing. John still hasn't masturbated, and it's starting to take its toll. Every time Sherlock move to his arse, John can feel his prick stirring. And when he pulls down his pants, Sherlock thankfully doesn't comment. Now it's the third time that Sherlock has come in, and John feels like he's ready to burst. The tall bastard has left already, and John could've sworn that the man had been smirking when he'd left.
John looked for the source of the noise and found a woman crouched low to the ground. The room was brighter than the sunless earth, but still dim. Still, John knew it was his sister’s apparition.
“Hopefully soon, I want to come here without getting accosted.” Even though Sherlock’s tone was derisive, it was not accompanied by a sneer.
The sight made something oddly masquerading as affection move through Sherlock’s chest. But he paid it no heed.
Eventually John was wedged between two bodies, unable to move from the sheer limitations of fullness to his body. He did not even twitch, unless they dictated it. Slowly and precisely, the two men moved together. One dragged themselves out while another pushed deeper.
It's strangled and choked, close to muffled by the stick. John bites down hard enough to send aches up his jaw, and he hears the bed creaking from his grip. Then Sherlock pulls away, and somehow that's worse. Now it's spreading from the concentrated area of his hip, to his entire lower half. He can feel it traveling up his nerves, his body screaming at him to move, to get away from the source of agony. The charred meat smell nearly makes him vomit, but he chokes it down before it reaches his mouth. He chants Harry over and over again in his mind. Despair stops his litany when Sherlock says, "That's one line down. You're doing admirably John."
Until a high little giggle pierced through John’s nerves, “Goodness me Johnny boy, you certainly are tenacious.” The sound of broken glass crunching under sturdy boots sounded eerily similar to the state of John’s heart.
Sherlock couldn't deny the little thrill it sent through his spine, to think about what might happen when he caught John. But, something wasn't right.
Sebastian is silent for a few seconds, but he continues. "If you don't want him to go mad, I'd suggest pulling him out after two days. Any longer and who knows what he'll be scared of."
"Sherlock Holmes, I'm easy to look up." Sherlock smiles too and he's surprised to find that it's genuine. There's a brief flash of amusement in John's eyes. He definitely wants to take a crack at his name but decides it's too rude. John nods goodbye, graciously accepts the money, climbs into the cab after his sister and the cab takes him away. Sherlock watches the vehicle round the corner before whipping out his mobile and hitting his only speed dial.
"Listen," he adopts the most apologetic tone he can, and it's sincere, "this is going to sound weird, but my boyfriend does have some self-confidence issues. He's getting over a pretty bad break-up, and he might not take too well to, well, you know." He rubs the back of his head, playing up the shy.
All John has to say to that is, "Thanks." Now he's clutching his left hand, thinking of what Sherlock could easily do with a strategically placed scalpel on a tendon. Moran nods, taking this as his cue to leave. When the door clicks shut behind him, John wishes the man luck. Against all odds, he doesn't envy Moran at all.
He pulls away from John’s mouth, and presses as close to him as possible as his orgasm crests over him. He moans into John’s neck, shaking from the power of it.
He seized on that point, “I don’t feel that way about him Mycroft. Whatever you and Sherlock assume of me, I’m not looking to have a…to start a…I don’t want a relationship with him.”
Sherlock grins into the shoulder, pleased at having found John's prostate. Slowly, he eases the finger out and back in, effectively loosening the tight muscle. Jim cards his fingers through John's sandy hair, and watches Sherlock's finger disappear (he would love to watch John's face, but it's unfortunately hidden, but his muscles are a wonderful indicator of his emotions).
He moved like a shadow, quick and flitting, and John’s head was between his hands before John could even look behind him.
“No, I mean,” John suddenly knew that what he was about to suggest would sound ridiculous, but it was too late to stop, “becoming a policeman.”
A genuine groan escapes John's throat, and he flushes. Sherlock grins against his mouth, and repeats the motion, but with firmer suction. The hands touching John's face become greedier, moving down his neck to his collarbone. Sherlock's careful about not pressing too much of his weight on the doctor, he kneels between John's parted thighs, and lust racks through his brain.
“Easy now Johnny,” Jim murmured. He undid the stopper to the bottle, attached to which was a dropper filled with the tincture. As he pinched John’s nose closed he said, “We don’t want you to hurt yourself.”
“Seems like this place is just as restless as everywhere else,” John pointed out. “You did have school kids pushing drugs to other students.”
John shifts. The clink of his restraints and the slide of the rope pull him back to reality. The painful pricks of the drugs bring him out of it. He loses his mind in the haze. When the burn reaches his belly, John is babbling to himself. Nonsensical gibberish that even he can't make out. It snakes down to his calves, around his feet, and John thinks of being exposed in the sunlight. Of doing this, exactly this on the rooftop, but without the drugs. Of him, the sunlight, the wind, and London teeming beneath him.
He sits back onto the sofa, and stops the movie before it's finished. He gets up to leave, not looking behind him. He stops dead when he hears a small "Bye" from the couch.
John pivoted and started to stride away. Sherlock privately thought it was rather endearing, the way John expected to be obeyed in this matter. As though what he was saying was the only course of action they were going to take.
“Because, like me, you don’t wish to see Sherlock hindered in any way. When he knows that strangers are watching his every move, he’s distracted, listless. With your cooperation, he won’t need to obfuscate his personality for the sake of privacy.”
“He’s waking,” Moriarty alerted Sherlock. Both were equally as clothed as John, “Or as close to it as he can be. Hello Johnny. You certainly gave us quite the fright earlier. For a moment, it seemed as though you would actually succeed in your escape. How fortuitous for us, that the blizzard, the caring villagers, and your insatiable need for justice kept you tethered, rather than simply fleeing for the hills as soon as you’d recovered.”
Despite the increasing chill around his groin and the tackiness under his thighs, John’s having a difficult time finding the will to move. He breaks the silence by saying, “I’m surprised you didn’t lay down plastic sheeting beforehand.”
John inhales when he feels Sherlock's free hand shove its way under his shirt, "She'll get worried if I don't."
“It’s fine,” John said tensely. He couldn’t explain it properly, but he felt that Sherlock’s presence was making the entire situation far worse. “We were just about to start eating.”
That question continued to circle in his head as the water boiled. He filled his mug, waited for it to steep, and then added a glug or two of whiskey from a dusty bottle. He drank, and barely felt his tongue burn.
“It’s not his fault you’re a stupid twat. Are you kidding me with this bullshit? You wrote down the address? Are you fucking twelve?”
John didn’t say anything. Mycroft took that as a positive sign. He pulled out a small white card, and placed it on the counter beside him.
"Ah, it's good to see you're awake John." Sherlock said, offering a small smile. Inwardly, Sherlock was cursing himself. He had hoped for a few more minutes of unconsciousness so he could be the first thing that John saw in his new home. Sherlock would have to settle for the recordings again. If it wouldn't be incredibly inconvenient, Sherlock would be near John constantly, so he could never miss important moments like these again.
“She killed herself John,” Sherlock said. “She’s the one who put that bottle to her lips. Not Moriarty, not me, and certainly not you. But you saw her ghost, didn’t you John?”
“How are you feeling?” Sherlock idly asks. John manages to huff a noise that sounds like bewildered incredulity.
For once he was glad for having spent so much time within the mansion. He knew these halls almost as well as the original residents. The only people who surpassed his knowledge was most certainly the staff. He listened for any approaching footsteps, but all were fast asleep.
Sherlock rubs the scar one last time, and puts the sock on. The shoes go on next, and there's no odd sudden reverence there, thank Christ. But now the air is charged with an odd tension. It's not like Sherlock to stop, with pain or pleasure, regardless if there's dinner plans waiting or not. Which is a load of bollocks anyway. Sherlock could buy, threaten, or blackmail an entire chain to do his bidding all with a few quick taps from his Blackberry. But stop Sherlock does, and he pulls John up to stand when his phone gives a small chime.
Everything has devolved into pure sensation, and it’s hard to tell if it’s anguish or bliss that pulls the sounds from John’s throat.  John feels a large hand on his sweaty cheek, and opens his eyes to see Sherlock staring at him with all of the searing intensity of a desert sun. And the look, for whatever reason, is enough to finally push John over that agonizing edge.
Molly laughed at his obvious interest. John was grateful that she wasn’t disturbed by Sherlock’s question. “Only in the training I received,” she answered, “outside of that and the occasional crime show on the telly, no.”
inconvenience. You once had me," he stops himself from continuing, having been interrupted by their server again.
"I'm aware," John says, "but I really doubt you want to go back to the effort of making me submit to you." Sherlock's hand flashes out, and suddenly it's around John's throat. He can still breathe, but it's certainly impeded. John doesn't move his hands from his sides.
He realized Mary had asked him a question. Frantically, his mind tried to recall recent films and came up blank. “Oh, just some, stupid comedy. Wasn’t worth the tickets.”
John wanted to be irritated. He pettily wanted to cling to anger against his husband and his perfectly sound logic. If for no other reason than anger felt far more substantial than anything he’d experienced these last few weeks. But John was aware of how childish he would be if he clung to such flimsy justifications.
With his fingers digging bruises into John’s hips, Sherlock continued to piston in and out of him. The sound of their flesh slapping together filled the room. Sherlock wondered if the tiny speaker would be able to catch all of the noises. It certainly wouldn’t do justice in gathering the minute details of John’s attempt to shout in pleasure while being completely without air, but it would try.
, with enough force to split the cavity up to the sternum. By the frayed edges of skin, it was with something incredibly sharp and slightly separated. In fact, Sherlock splays his hand slightly away from the body, and his eyes widen. The rips correlate with the spacing of a human hand. Albeit, a very, very large human hand.
If Sherlock isn’t careful, John is going to notice the erratic palpitations that are going on right under his ear.
John pushes back his chair, wanting to watch crap telly to take his mind off of whatever’s coming tonight. This is when Sherlock moves.
Mycroft hummed his consent. "Yes, perhaps I had been a bit lenient with my words. There are far more accurate and much more vulgar pieces of language to describe you." Sherlock's teeth shown white from his mouth, and he rose from the table.
“Don’t mind me, I surmise that you won’t want to treat someone who can so disconcertingly unravel another person like that, so I’ll just be taking these for a future date and-“
“This is all very flattering, but could you please get the lubricant before I rupture something from restraint? It’s in the nightstand drawer.”
“It all tastes the same to me,” Sherlock dismisses. He proves this by displaying no reaction when he finally tries a piece of his lamb.
John asked because he felt certain that he should have heard about him before meeting him, but the name didn’t ring a bell. As sharp as he was, Sherlock should have been the main gossip of the teacher’s break room. This was the kind of young adult who grew up to invent cancer cures or new atomic bombs.
John felt his body relax, but instead of telling the prince to move, John lifted his hips as much as possible, taking more of the prince’s length in one slide.
His health was clearly deteriorating. Sherlock didn’t dress in formal attire every day, but the boy clearly had a sense of fashion, and awareness of his appearance, that was becoming lost underneath large hoodies and scuffed sneakers.
John smiled at her, a genuine one that lit up the tired shadows of his face, “I appreciate the sentiment, no matter how, ah, bluntly it was put.”
The boy tossed his soiled towel into the wastebasket, carefully not looking at John the entire time. He went over to one of the many aforementioned tidy cabinets and started stuffing bandages and antiseptic into his pockets.
John was quite taken aback by this compliment. He was about to remark on it but Jim waved away any gratitude.
The target was clear across the warehouse, and the support was thin, but a tense second after he had pulled the trigger, he heard the sharp ricochet of metal on metal over the yells of the boys below. If the sound of the gunshot wasn’t enough to distract them, the horrible screeching of metal giving away and iron smashing into a concrete floor from a six meter drop certainly did it.
With the press of their lips growing firmer in response to a rise in passion, John understood why Sherlock had requested a room far away from other patrons. He smiled at the revelation. Sherlock kissed his teeth as a result and drew back snickering.
"Sherlock dear! I'm glad I caught you," Sherlock isn't, but the way her eyes are tightened in worry makes him stop. But he still drums his fingers impatiently on the banister.
In the span of two stuttered heart beats, Sherlock glanced down at John’s lips and then back up at his eyes.
Once again Sherlock stops short. A cane? One that's been around long enough for even the drunk to pick up on its absence? Psychosomatic limp then. One that goes away when he views a pub as a metaphorical extraction site. The thought brings a smile to his lips. This is actually getting fun. But the very brief rush of "rescuing" his sister is already wearing off. When John tries to take a step with his right leg, the soldier gives a pained shout that he cuts off before it even has time to echo down the alleyway.
Sherlock surges forward, spurred beyond control. He moves to straddle John, to gain better access. He presses the man against the mattress, elbows supporting him just over John's frame. Sherlock's tongue softly plays with John's, feeling the muscle dance. He kisses, soft wet sounds permeating the room. He explores with his tongue once more, running it across John's incisors and canines.
“A crime scene. Well, the beginnings of one, anyway. We’re about to bring a series of crimes to a halt after infiltrating this place, thereby making it a crime scene. I thought I told you this already? Weren’t you paying attention?”
When the tip of him had slipped inside, Jim moved to hold John’s hip, and slowly pulled him back onto his cock. John twisted, but the man’s slimness belied a wiry strength that went beyond John’s incapacitated state.
John had been pushing for an evening out for some time. He's allowed to go on walks alone now, but the recently implanted chip in his shoulder takes away all pretense of privacy. He's allowed time at the park, and getting food for the flat. But there is always a certain length he is supposed to be out, and any deviation from his usual path results in the agreed upon penalties. Straying from his routine would be breaking their deal after all. The one that Sherlock insists is so
Sherlock’s face twisted into something sour. It looked harsher than displeasure, an expression that promised vicious repercussions if it was left to fester. John’s mouth opened, possibly to ask what was wrong, or demand that he stop. But the boy took a deep breath, and it was gone so quickly that John wasn’t sure if he had seen it.
The sound of plastic crinkling in Sherlock's grip is shockingly loud. He closes the door behind him, and turns the lights on slowly. They're not to their highest capacity, leaving deep shadows in the corners of the room. The illumination is meant for John, since Sherlock's night vision is something he highly prides in. He wants John to see what will happen to him, wants him to remember everything without the darkness chasing away the details. Admittedly, the drugs will blur some things together, regardless.
Sherlock swings himself off of John, to stand barefoot on the cold floor. He contemplates his next best course of action. He kneels down, ignoring the protest from his kneecaps. With one long arm, he grips the vibrator, with the other, his hand dances across John's nipples. In beautiful synchronicity, he plays with both.
After John’s second day there, Sherlock had burned the clothes he’d arrived in. The dragon had said it had been because of the smell. John knew otherwise. His only other reminder of his life outside of the cavern was reduced to shriveling blackened threads. Instead, Sherlock took to dressing John every day. His horde was vast with jewels, trinkets, and fineries that could never serve any purpose aside from being pleasing to look at.
Mycroft cleared his throat to break the silence first, and continued. “After he recovered, for what had to have been the third time, I gave him an ultimatum. He could either go to a rehabilitation facility and experience controlled mundanity day in and day out, or he could move into a new town where no one knew of his…incidents, and keep his own nose clean. Under my discreet supervision of course.”
Sherlock shook his head. He seemed to have trouble following the meaning of words. He scratched at his arm, “I just—I lost my stash. From earlier. I can pay again; I just need a bit more.”
"He must practice up to his capacity, then beyond his limits if he ever wants to become a renowned player." Sherlock moves his attention to a still packaged scalpel. He peels back the wrapping, letting the glare dance off of the fresh steel. Thoughts of slicing John, with dozens of little tiny cuts that would barely scar, make him inhale sharply.
“The bones were here; the fight took place mere hours ago! It was all--” he stopped himself. John looked down at his hands, covered in black. It clung like ash, or like false accusations made evident, filthying everything he touched or said.
“I would say you’re headed down a slippery slope. But you’re already at the bottom of the trench. What remains is to climb back up before you sink any further into the muck.” Mycroft had not moved from the doorway, oddly enough.
Sherlock almost wants to tell John everything, reveal his whole scheme, just so John can admire how masterfully Sherlock’s conducted everything.
John felt like he should stop staring soon, or else it would turn into something uncomfortable. Mary cracked apart his thoughts when she said, “That is so bizarre. Brilliant, but bizarre. I don’t know how you have gotten used to that John.”
The gunmetal darkens to storm clouds, but John doesn't back down, "Thanks," he means anything besides, "but I think I'll just sort out my abysmal life problems my own way."
John didn’t like the way Mycroft’s tone had gone as cold as his eyes. Without realizing it, John shifted his weight so it rested evenly over his feet.
"I need to know that you won't ever leave me again." Silence is Sherlock's answer. John breathes through his nose, looking for something to say.
John inwardly shivers at how accurate that metaphor is, to equate Sherlock with Afghanistan. They’re equally as alluring to John’s fucked up addiction with danger. Sherlock twists his fingers on John’s thickening member, and his deep voice continues to unravel John’s mind.
Ignoring the sharp jabs of pain, John kneels in front of the woman to check for damage. One of the men could have hurt her while he wasn't looking.
Their continued conference was going to look odd to the outsiders, so Sherlock named his conditions while he could.
“Steady on,” the man gently said, “take your time. You’ve been through a rough night and I only know the aftermath. Now, can you tell me what happened?”
A meaty hand clapped down hard enough on John’s wounded shoulder that he winced. Sherlock tensed, but John spoke before he could do anything, “Yes, yes we are, thank you. Are you Angelo then?”
Mycroft held up his copy of the newspaper, “You may want to read this story again Doctor Watson. I think you’ll find the continuation rather enlightening.” He easily tossed it onto a bed near John’s hip.
He’d personally watched as Sherlock had sterilized all of the sounds and laid them out on a clean cloth. Sherlock takes a lot of liberties with John’s physical and mental well-being; apparently possible infection is where he draws the line.
Sherlock failed to hide his snort behind a cough. “Right,” John agreed, glaring at his husband’s back, “that exacerbated everything.”
"Not to worry John, this is only temporary. I have something much more fulfilling planned before I'm able to fuck you like you so desperately want." Sherlock fits in a third finger, and John forgets what Sherlock was talking about. He can still feel the sweat falling in rivulets down his back, and he's absurdly glad Sherlock took off his clothes. They'd probably be ruined beyond belief.
But the smile quickly vanished when Sherlock realized something. John had been staring at the ceiling, had he been staring at the ceiling the whole time?
He nibbles on the nape of John’s neck, leaving little indents of his teeth around the top of the vertebrae. He sucks along every inch of skin he can, the bright pink marks promising to blossom into darker shades.
Sherlock took that to mean that John would be organizing everything while he prattled on about his previous life. He focused a lot of his attention on how insufferable his brother Mycroft was and how it only got worse after their parents’ death. He’d been the top of his class and fully expected to achieve the same here with minimal effort, which wasn’t a surprise to John.
"Crystal," John slides out of the cab, chalking this up up to his win. It's not exactly "mingling", but he'll take what he can get. Not like he has a choice anyway. If all goes well tonight, he might even get Sherlock into a weekly outing. Which could lead to lone expeditions, if he's careful and behaves. John grimaces at what his life has become.
John tried to reason with himself. Perhaps it was an inert strand, kept behind locked doors for convenience’s sake. He only needed to find the plant that was being cultivated and dried. Jim probably had a batch stored and prepared behind the door.
The gargoyle laughs for a second, then sees the stone seriousness in Sherlock's gaze. John blinks in surprise.
John deliberately kept his hands flat against the counter. He didn’t think his palms could take more digging from his nails.
John grinned, pleased to see that he had caught Jim unawares. “I am eager to know how you knew there were two. But yes, that is entirely correct. Apparently two lowlifes were no match for one half-aristocrat who used to occupy his time in the less savory boxing rings.”
She snorted into his hair, “Oh shut up. I’m no better than you are to me.” John felt the barb dig a little deeper.
The man snaps back and says a completely involuntary, "Sorry. Not used to not being...," he struggles with the next word, "dismissed." The man gets his hand on the door handle before John tries to stop him. God knows when he's going to see another human face around here.
Sherlock’s face was doing something that John had no way of describing. Whatever was going on in his head, Sherlock finally settled for stolid. “It wasn’t an easy time,” Sherlock admitted. “It…still isn’t.”
John thought of himself as a rational man, and he wasn’t stupid. He recognized a deflection when he saw one. The motivation behind it was what he couldn’t quite figure out. Had Sherlock seriously meant it as a joke, or was he merely playing it off as one? Had Sherlock genuinely tried to flirt with him, in the bluntest and Sherlock-ish manner possible, and when John hadn’t reciprocated beyond stunned silence, he decided to switch tactics? Or if he had been genuine, was he giving John an out since John didn’t feel the same?
“I’ve often fantasized about warmer climates,” John confessed to Sherlock as he was shown the different plants, “to go someplace not even the bleak skies of England could reach. Harry and I often made up grand stories of what it would be like.” He went silent. While the tortured banshee that was the ghost of his sister still clung to his thoughts, it didn’t diminish the love and companionship he’d felt for her.
He did his best not to fidget in the seat off to his brother’s right side. He kept his mutterings to a minimum, only letting them slip when the mindless masses were particularly grating. A little longer, and then he could go back to his studies unhindered for a full week.
The angle wasn’t something he was used to, so it took Sherlock a frustratingly long time for him to find John’s prostate. By the time he did, he had already relaxed the muscle across three fingers.
He would have to sacrifice their second coupling to his mind palace instead of to the camera. The third time, when John figured out that the memory card was missing, would more than make up for it, so it was a small sacrifice.
It hits him suddenly that this is the first time they've been intimate while facing each other. Without restraints.
He could attempt to break into the locked section himself. John wasn’t an expert at picking locks, but Harry and he had learned a few things in their mischievous and daring youth. He’d need a few tools, but they were easily acquired or fashioned. After that there would be no delay to head into town. Sherlock could try and run in front of the horse himself and he’d be shoved out of the way or learn to dodge.
John cleared his throat, “No--I didn’t.” He stood there for several more seconds, until he was able to fish up the bravery that brought him here in the first place. “The truth is, I thought that we could talk about…us.”
"Sherlock," John pleads, "for God's sake, don't. Just leave him alone. Please." He can give him this. He can beg for this. If this is the last thing he does, he needs to save this man's life.
And even then, Sherlock doesn’t clutch or squeeze John in surprised gratification. He just opens his mouth. And now John can mostly taste champagne on Sherlock’s tongue, but without any sour flavor of alcohol. Their tongues press gently against each other, simply exploring the other’s mouth in lazy pleasure. John wonders if Sherlock can taste his heartbeat as much as John can taste the champagne.
There had been a particularly nasty day two weeks ago, when John had found a severed head in the fridge. He'd spent most of the afternoon hunched over the sink, trying not to throw up and washing out the bile when he did. He'd repeatedly told himself that it wasn't anyone he knew. His friends were safe. This was just a nameless face. He'd tossed it in the bin, then took it out with the trash for anyone to find. Turns out, rotting head smells exactly like rancid meat, and they'd only gotten a loud complaint from the neighbors for the stink. Sherlock had sought out his retribution with the riding crop, a bottle of alchohol, and John's feet for a solid two hours for the inconvenience.
He pockets the thing, not wanting to attract attention of the metal clanging down the steps if the guards have already come back. He pulls on the latch, keeping one hand on the door in support. When the latch is pulled free from the wall, the weight of the door is suddenly intense, and Sherlock grunts under the pressure.
John has a smarmy retort for that, he knows he does, but it leaves his head as quickly as it enters it. He's too distracted now by the cold air that suddenly brushes his naked and sweaty skin.
“Ms. Hooper, please!” He thrust it towards her. John desperately tried to ignore how close she looked to crying.
Sherlock mistakes John's movements for adjustments, and grits his teeth when John abortively thrusts himself against his cock. It's a shock to him when John snarls below him, "For God's sake, fucking move already!"
John is more than a little disturbed that he didn't hear the door open. When had that happened? When he'd been a defenseless little ball on the floor? When he'd been having a mental breakdown? John pushes those thoughts away. It doesn't matter now. He marches to the clothes and inspects the little pile. The clothes are bleached white and uniform. Something you'd find in a mental ward. There's a bar of soap on top, and a bowl of lukewarm oatmeal beside the laundry that he hadn't noticed.
Sherlock's response was a menacing glare. It certainly helped him understand why John had been a captain. A mere glance at that look would have an entire platoon falling in line. Sherlock's smile was slightly more genuine this time. To think he'd be cowed by a facial expression was amusing. He went across the room and dragged the only chair to the left side of John's bed. He sat down, crossing his legs at the ankles. John's expression hadn't changed the entire time. The look created interesting folds in his forehead that Sherlock longed to touch. Sherlock would work on the distance issue later, for now he just wanted to observe.
The lighting was dim, but invited a sense of privacy. Warm chocolate and dark red wine colors were complimented by soft cream tablecloths. They were in the back hallway, next to a singular door that announced itself as the bathroom, and the swinging entrance to the kitchen. John could see into a gleaming space that bustled with chefs and servers caught up in the dinner rush. Several smells that John couldn’t identify, but were all labeled under ‘divine’, floated thickly in the air.
This time, the man's eyes have completely lost their hardness. He looks at him with...sympathy? "What kind of trouble are you in mate?"
Sherlock watches for a considerable amount of time, before finally moving into action. The soft, wet sounds of kissing permeate the room as Sherlock reaches the drawer that contains the lubricant. He's quiet in its retrieval and sliding the drawer back into place. He doesn't want to startle John, who's jumpy enough as it is.
"Good boy," he groans, before he can catch the endearment. He doubts John would enjoy that particular pet name, but he hasn't seemed to notice. Sherlock, in the meantime, has stretched John to a very acceptable level.
“Thank you,” Sherlock eventually said. “I…know you weren’t trying to dictate my life. And for what it’s worth, I consider you a friend too.”
John's a little confused. This sounds like one of their 'sessions' only more...prolonged. John's thinking it can't possibly be that easy until the fingers brush against his gland. He moans, arching his neck. The angle makes Sherlock's grip even tighter, but John doesn't care. The long digits hit him over and over again. John's toes curl, and his jaw clenches from pleasure.
The dragon tilted his head like a curious bird. John wasn’t certain, but he thought he detected a note of wonder in the dragon’s voice when he said, “Yes, you certainly have.”
John huffs a laugh at that. It helps him take the final step in truly relaxing into Sherlock’s lead. Relinquishing control is certainly familiar to him.
For a long minute, John breathes in the heady scent of Jim's arousal, while Sherlock moves two fingers in and out of his body. Sherlock's impatience bleeds into the pace of the strokes. They're more hurried, slightly stuttering, but still able to manipulate John's body like a fine instrument.
When Sherlock gets his breath back, he starts moving. Shallow thrusts, ones that send sharp notes of pleasure through John. Sherlock's cock is only brushing his prostate. And God, even with all of the lube and prepping, Sherlock is still pressed against his walls. If Sherlock's movements are meant to drive him mad, then John considers it a job well accomplished. His body is long past the point of decency. He's writhing against the buckles. Not to get away, but to get more friction, more movement wherever he can find it.
“Enlighten me then,” John crossed his arms and stood straight again. He pointedly did not look at the photo still lying on the sheets.
"Hold out your hands." Sherlock commands, and John can feel his face pull back into a disbelieving grin.
John's eyes widen, and the words are so similar to bad porn dialogue that he can't stop the laugh. His hand flies to his mouth, and he grins behind it as he tries to stop giggling. "Sorry, sorry," John complies with Sherlock's words, bending at his hips until his head is nearly touching Jim's shoulder, but Sherlock is fairly put out from the mockery from what Jim can see. John's body is still vibrating with giggles, and Jim is grinning at Sherlock like he's won a coveted prize.
“I didn’t mean,” John ran a hand through his hair, “I’m sorry.” He nearly slumped against the wall, but he kept himself upright with the shreds of his dignity.
Sherlock nodded understandingly, “You’ve been through a harrowing amount of doubt, one that would test the conviction of any man. It’s no surprise to me that some things remain malignantly obscure to you. Though I am confident in the return of your full mental state.”
“John, I could run out of breath by the time I’ve stopped listing your numerous flirtatious glances, your tendency to initiate physical contact, the fact that you actively seek out my companionship over that of your wife’s, that your repeated objections to my brother’s supposition was at a suggestion of infidelity and exploitative behavior but was never once an objection to mutual attraction, and that you personally suggested we go on a
The teenager was unabashedly grinning as he pulled out the pillows, “That’s because you didn’t. This is an old car with a very simplistic locking mechanism. I spent more time looking up the model of the lock than I did in picking it.”
But it also made him delightfully oversensitive, judging by the way John moaned as he rocked back onto Sherlock’s fingers. John’s belly fluttered pleasantly when the prince’s fingertips brushed a certain spot, and John groaned when Sherlock pressed against it a little more deliberately.
He can feel the give of his delicate flesh around the unyielding metal. It’s less of a pain, and more like an ache. Similar to a muscle being slowly stretched beyond what it’s used to. Sherlock stops, giving him time to adjust every few centimeters.
John slumps forward, not saying anything. Frustration closes his throat and makes his eyes sting. He's reassured from the hand around his waist slowly stroking the small of his back in circles.
“Marvelous,” Jim’s face split into a grin, “I must confess that I had hoped for this outcome. And anticipated it as well. You two are too smitten with each other to leave his side for more than a few hours.”
“Not to worry Mr. Watson-Holmes,” the driver responded under a bundle of blankets and scarves, “I’ve my own means of keeping warm on nights like these.” He pulled out a flask to demonstrate, “You go on and don’t let your concern over an old man keep you from making acquaintances.”
"Johnny" hefts a sigh that Sherlock sees more than hears in the din of noise. The woman continues to ramble on. "I tried calling you earlier, but you hung up! Rude!" She swats half-heatedly at his stomach and the man doesn't even flinch. "Hey Harry," (definitely sibling, not even close friends can get away with a nickname like that) "talking to Clara again?"
She bit her lip, as if she wanted to say more, but was afraid that she would ignite the sprinkling array of gunpowder that had become her words.
John couldn’t question her about it now, not when his head felt like it was stuffed inside of a hornet’s nest, simultaneously muffled and ungodly noisy.
Again, John slurs out more protests, which are again ignored. John spots something, a bag maybe, beside the thing before they both stop. John is turned to fully face Sherlock, and he glares into those mercury eyes as much as he can. Sherlock doesn't react this time, just watches John's face. And he's tracing John's lips with his thumb before John even notices that the hand has moved from his shoulder. The scrutiny would be disconcerting, but John's far past being concerned about long lasting staring contests.
One aims a wood plank over his head, which John easily deflects with his talon. He grips it firmly in the middle, and snaps it like the twig it is. He curses himself when that gives another human the opening to whip their heavy chain around his wrist.
The man chuckles, and quickly moves back up to John's lips. His hand gets lost in John's short hair, while the other moves hastily over his zip. He pulls down, and releases his cock into the cool air. Sherlock moans into John's mouth, and he grips them together in his fists.
Separation was key. Pick off the supposed weaker one while the notorious magic user choked on precious metal.
His voice sounds so lost, as if he's doubted that this 'punishment' was a good idea at all. John remembers a sadistically grinning face in blinding light, and he shudders. He doesn't think Sherlock is lying to him right now, when he says that he thought this was the best option available, but if Sherlock says he didn't enjoy it then he's the worst liar John's ever known.
John strangles a groan with little success. As John’s eyes squeeze shut and his hips start to jerk, Sherlock pulls away both of his hands.
Sherlock’s been rubbing small patterns with his thumb into John’s skin. He keeps passing over one particular scar between John’s thumb and pointer finger, when Sherlock had wanted to test whether or not a long incision would irreparably affect muscle movement. John’s non-dominant hand was the best specimen for experimentation. The laceration had been made with a No. 26 scalpel. John had been told not to close his eyes for the duration. He’d been allowed to flinch, but for the most part John had stared unfalteringly as his captor and his lover sliced into him.
Sherlock holds the glass out expectantly, and John slowly takes it from him. John briefly entertains the idea of refusing to drink it until Sherlock explains himself, but that impudence would only lead to more punishment. And John wants wherever this is leading to be finished as soon as possible.
The languid press of them against one another was very…nice. Neither of them had ever really asked for a more indulgent exploration before. It was always a pressing need and a frantic scrambling of clothes, followed by the same blissful glow that all couples shared.
John trudged up the stairs, taking the steps one at a time. Normally, he would take them twice at once, in order to get rid of the heavy groceries faster. But he needs time to work out how he's going to have this conversation. It's bound to happen, he's already given away that something is amiss from his strange pace. John no longer has delusions about what he can hide from his flatmate.
“’S, alright,” John’s voice slurred beside him, “it hurts, but it won’t become infected or scarred or anything. I really need to remember that you’re a biter.”
He breathes Latin in John’s ear, and holds him steady while John shudders from suddenly becoming so slick and open.
“Yes,” John hastily agreed as he tried to stand. Pain speared through his foot. When he started to fall, Ms. Hooper was there to balance him.
hospital,” Sherlock stresses, impatient, “We’re currently standing in St. Bartholomew’s Hospital Mortuary. This is where you trained. And, thanks to some thorough research of your school records, this is where you were presented with your first ‘abnormal’ cadaver. And my first kill.”
“Why are you asking me?” The words left his mouth before he had the chance to know that was what he wanted to say.
, asking nicely enough." One of Sherlock's hands moves from around John's hip to tease up to his chest. Once there, he pinches a nipple, and that's enough to erase any trace of John's dignity.
He folded his hands together, “Just so we’re on even footing, you can call me Mr. Snow.” John choked back his snort, “Now then, Sherlock, what brings you to my humble place of business?”
So he garbles out a few words that sound like an affirmative, hoping that Sherlock doesn’t pretend to misunderstand.
John stopped bouncing his foot against the floor when he eventually heard it. He resisted the urge to kick at the coffee table out of frustration. This was completely ridiculous. He had gone less than sixteen hours without Mary in the house, and all he could do was pretend to read or watch television.
John swallowed his bile, and before he could reach for his house key, Sherlock grabbed him by the arm.
John reaches the end of the street, and there, a blessed car is rolling down towards him. John waves his arms, hoping against hope that he doesn't look as crazy as he feels. The car slows down, pulling up close to the curb John is standing on. The window rolls down, and a concerned man's head pops out.
“But I’m not…I’m not the only one left alive.” John doesn’t look at Sherlock. And the detective is too stunned to respond from the sheer weight of that confession.
He easily dismisses the sense of danger, and comes up to the last step. Above him is a wide trap door and...this can't be right. The door is caked with dust and grime around the edges, the lock is rusted, barely used. No one has come up here for at least two years so how-
For several breathless moments, John only heard the wind rattling the panes and his heart beating in his throat. He let out a steady breath, and picked the keys up into his hand.
"Yes, yes this bone structure is far too delicate for something like actual flight. The wing membrane is also too thin for heavy transport, I imagine this functions much like a kite." Sherlock runs a finger over the faintly golden skin, and John jumps away.
This one is tender and affectionate. John can feel Sherlock’s plush lips move against his thin ones in gentle insistency, but there’s no pressure behind them. Sherlock isn’t forcing anything. He’s just kissing. John is the one who parts his lips first to softly lap at Sherlock’s.
John turned his head to try and look at Sherlock’s face. He could only see a portion of it, and it seemed to be getting pinker.
John glared at him, but didn’t answer. Lestrade looked sharply between them. Clearly he wished to know the response to that as well, but the immediacy of damning evidence took clear precedence.
“I see,” Sherlock went quiet. “I can certainly understand how that would be a problem for you, if such a rumor were to spread.”
The only person who wasn’t pleased by this development was Sherlock. “Moriarty has never been amiable with others. Often times he can only stand me because I match his intellect.”
“You caught a small chill and it amplified because you refused to let yourself rest,” Sherlock retorted. “As an upcoming physician you should know about letting your body mend rather than supposing it capable of an accelerated healing process. Or worse, to blame your affliction on an entirely innocuous object.”
Turns out his doctor voice was right as usual. He creaks as he stands up. He's uncomfortably sticky, and John really doesn't want to remember why. But the memory of a shuddering body pinning his sharpens in his mind anyway. John swallows his bile. He slinks to the sink, his throat tightening when his steps are awkward. In his peripheral he spots the blinking red light in his prison.
Instincts kick in, and John pats him down for his wallet. He feels a stab of guilt when he opens it up to a pretty woman smiling at the camera in the center of the leather. John takes the twenty quid he finds, as well as the man's shoes. They're a tight fit, but they're certainly better than nothing. John debates with himself, and ends up stealing the jacket as well. The thing is hideous beyond all measure, but at least it's warm. John leaves the alley, promising himself that he'll let the police know where this guy is. He might work for Sherlock, but something tells John it's not entirely voluntary.
John felt a seed of worry burn in his stomach. He ignored it. The boy was stubborn, that was all. Fine then. John was stubborn too.
It was when he got to ‘Ever since he was a young boy, Sherlock Holmes was figuring out the origins of mud stains on carpets,’ that John exploded, “Mycroft!”
Pleasure rose around John like a tide. He prepared himself to hold his breath and ride the wave, but Sherlock pulled his hand away before he could crest.
It was possible that the main entrance was on the opposite side of the building, but John didn’t like that idea even if there was one. The obvious entrance was more likely to be guarded, even if ‘guarded’ meant a group of gangly teenagers.
John's finished his drink, and he's giggling with Sherlock about the man in the out of place posh suit with a latex fetish. He notices his empty glass, and moves to stand up from the booth. "I'll get it," Sherlock clasps a hand over his wrist, stopping him from getting up.
He stops thrusting, and the relief from John is palpable. Without warning, he shifts John onto his back on the couch. Now his legs are in the air, and he has to rest his back on the arm to ease the stretch on his shoulders. The pain from the bite mark is brought back into stark relief at this point. John shifts, uncomfortable but unwilling to say anything at all about it.
The abrasive face of the cliff wall dug into John's soft palms and the soles of his feet. His muscles were sore with the effort of scaling the sheer face, but he couldn't turn back now. Not when he'd come so far.
“My brother’s occupation and my parent’s insurance means that he’s wealthy enough to rent a house for me to live in alone. He didn’t bother with trying to keep me in a flat.” He gave John a very mischievous grin, “Apparently I’m a hellish neighbor.”
It wasn’t a complete lie. John felt the camera’s sight was as tangible as a touch, but he could ignore it if Sherlock was the one distracting him.
But when John shifted his thighs, the evidence of his unsuccessful repression rubbed against the front of his trousers. The weight of it was a stone in his stomach, it pulled John down until there was no escape from the pit that he’d fallen into.
When John was inside, he made certain Mary wasn’t home before he took a match to the photograph pieces. He watched as they turned to flaky ash in the kitchen sink.
“Morally pure,” John parroted back in disbelief. It was like they were talking about John having a slightly off-color kink, instead of openly discussing having an affair with a student. He shook his head and refused to see whatever expression Sherlock had. “And do you? Want…this?” He motioned a hand between the both of them.
Blood divination, however, is something he can perform with admirable skill. Though for some reason that always seems to put people off more than the thought of a corpse being re-animated.
The next day, he waited. Anxious and fidgety while he pretended to work. Every tick of the clock poked at his patience. The time for lunch came, and John couldn’t be bothered to even register the taste of his food.
John always plans. That’s what his life is now. Planning everything he does down to obsessive detail, to be sure that he never missteps, and every sacrifice he makes is on his own terms.
Lestrade nodded, "Torn to shreds, starting from the stomach. Bastard looked like he'd been mauled by a bear. One of the rookies threw up when they saw him," he grimaced at the memory, "there were others, but all unconscious and breathing. Though some had some serious concussions and internal bleeding. Police were on the scene right after the dust had settled. No sign of the guy that beat them bloody."
“A dragon cannot fathom loneliness and has no need for others John,” he would say derisively, “you’re applying human emotion to something far above such primality.”
John would have had a scathing retort for that, if it didn’t mean opening his mouth. Eventually, the base urge for air grew too strong to ignore. He tried to gasp for breath briefly, but they were both quick to hold his jaw open. Moriarty quickly squeezed the contents down his gullet.
It was as the gruesome fruit was swelling to the size of grapes that John realized he’d been hearing voices amidst his own wheezes. His skin scraped against the ground, flaky as an insect’s wing, when he turned his head and saw the faces in every berry.
His recovery to strength brought few nightmares apart from the occasional fitfulness. John began to wonder if his confrontation of his own stress had banished the visions entirely. As he thought about it, it even explained his earliest sightings of his deceased father, before maintaining the household with Harry became his priority. He’d thought they were real. Harry had even been accommodating and supportive, often inquiring about their frequency and severity.
