“So this is what you do, is it? Kidnap people at gunpoint and force them to poison themselves?”
His eyes snapped open only seconds after they’d closed. A cost-benefit analysis between his experiment and John’s “three continents” masseuse hands, and his experiment had come out the loser. That was the second part of his hypothesis proven.
Pompous, over-inflated Mycroft trying to be helpful, as per usual. Sherlock flipped off the nearest CCTV camera when he arrived at Baker Street and spent his first half hour at home typing things like “is it rude to eat your date’s meal as well as your own” into Google before his temper cooled.
Soldier and doctor. Protective instincts. An alcoholic brother with a ruined marriage. Accepted a push to question his sexuality partly to promote sibling harmony. This man, if approached correctly, would be overwhelmingly loyal. What could Sherlock do to take advantage of this nature? Brilliance, danger- John was attracted to Sherlock’s genius, appreciated his Work. He would continue their relationship as long as Sherlock supplied his adrenaline fix.
He tugged and the limb came away easily, held in place only by De Kleine’s trouser leg. Sherlock turned it over in his hands, found what he was looking for, and held the dent beside John’s head for comparison.
“This is where De Kleine made his drops—easy enough when the Chinese restaurant next door has no visible address. No one would expect a frequent visitor to Hong Kong here, but he could be homesick and peckish. The shopkeeper is hiding something—”
“What did you think?” Sherlock interrupted, leaning forward and focusing his gaze on John.
“Wait, don’t you need to look around some more?”
Sherlock had thought John’s newfound interest in bees and bee-related products somewhat strange, but not unduly worrying. But four times now wasn’t a coincidence, it was a very clear pattern. John was
“Excuse me.” He rapped on the divider to get the cabbie’s attention. “Where are you going? Look, if you’re trying to overcharge me...”
“Where are we going?”
Sherlock was momentarily stymied, but he retrieved the luggage tag himself and brought it to his laptop, smacking Anderson’s hand away when he dared reach for it. John had been so impressed hearing about the cases and had followed without complaint despite his reservations. He would have been thrilled to see Sherlock’s deductions happen in real time and witness the conclusion of the case. Sherlock could have leveraged that enthusiasm in their relationship, but there would be other chances.
The small smirk on Harry’s lips faded as quickly as it had appeared.
“Not sure, but whoever did it chose that location on purpose. Three hundred people on the trading floor and very few of them could see it.”
“Here, I’ll prove it.” He started rolling up his sleeves. “Lie down.”
“An accomplice? There was someone else?”
“You’ve become an incentive, not a deterrent.”
“You might not be aware, but there are professionals whose job it is to do this.”
Several responses ran through Sherlock’s head. John was already skittish after the effusiveness of Angelo and Mrs. Hudson. The negative reactions of the Yarders would send him fleeing for cover and end their fledgling relationship before it could even start. As Sherlock was just considering how Doctor Watson might make a good assistant with proper training, this was unacceptable.
“Not good?”
“I thought you said Watsons
“A reverse bank robber. That’s different.”
“That doesn’t even make sense!”
“Earlier today I texted this address to the phone of the last victim, which was missing from the scene, and that cab’s just stopped, nobody getting in or out.”
“It’s fine.” Though he continued writing, part of Sherlock paused at the disappointment that flashed over John’s face.
John wasn’t paying any attention, he was staring at the cold pack he’d just unwrapped.
He anticipated the question John was trying hardest not to ask, stretching his right hand out in demonstration.
“Confessed to everything,” John said, nodding at the unconscious man. “He said it was a game. Two pills and he’d take whichever one they didn’t, but I bet he had it rigged somehow. Their choice was to take a pill or he’d shoot them. ”
“Why didn’t you pick one with anatomically correct humans then? Much more apt than cartoon bees.”
“Five minutes.”
“I’ve learned from multiple failed attempts that it’s pointless trying to soothe your feelings when you’re like this. I’m merely stating fact.”
“Apologies. I judged you the type to arrive early, but was delayed. You didn’t accept Angelo’s offer of wine while you were waiting? You needn’t have worried. He has an excellent selection.”
Sherlock muttered a vague assurance that had John turning away in satisfaction to repack his kit, and went to his bedroom to change into a t-shirt and pajama bottoms. He could still feel the warmth and the light pressure of John’s thumb smoothing the ends of the plaster against his skin, even though the contact hadn’t lasted longer than a few seconds.
John walked into a large, empty classroom and turned to face his kidnapper for the first time. The cabbie came in after him, pulling the door shut.
There was real regret in her voice and John frowned down at his barely-touched coffee. It was too bad, really, because the divorce had tied Harry’s alcoholism inextricably with her relationship status in a way that only complicated her recovery and her sense of self worth. Even a casual friendship might have provided the kind of support John didn’t or couldn’t provide, but Harry was too scared of hurting another person like she’d hurt Clara to reach out.
“It wasn’t awful at all. He gave me his number.”
There was a brief pause. Mycroft clearly needed the time to compose himself. Sherlock was too torn between glee and astonished dread to speak.
“Brilliant,” John said, his exhaustion banished with the force of his smile.
Instead of trying to talk over Harry’s second-guessing John opened up the address book on his mobile to scroll for his newest contact. Sherlock Holmes’ name was there, just as he’d entered it, with both the number and email address fields filled in. It was the last thing John needed to finally shake himself out of his daze. That
“I know about your current profession, your army career and the circumstances that made you leave the service, and your inept therapist’s diagnosis of your psychosomatic limp. That’s enough to go on a blind date, don’t you think? Now- must dash. I need to see a woman about an arm.”
The thought gave him pause and he was turning it over in his head when Sherlock stopped abruptly in front of him and John ran into his back.
The strangely intent look in John’s eyes turned instantly into worry.
“Oh, and you might want to do something about that before your friends at the Met become concerned.”
“Left,” Lestrade offered. “Said he’d text you later and good luck with the case.”
John grew silent but his presence remained at Sherlock’s back. Had he realized? Sherlock resisted the urge to look, lest he make John even more self-conscious, and clenched his hand around his phone. Time for his text to reach Angelo plus the current activity level of the restaurant at this hour on a weekday night versus his and John’s current location and traveling speed placed Angelo’s ETA at approximately—
Sherlock shook his head in the negative and made to stand, but John suddenly clapped a hand on his shoulder to prevent him from rising.
John immediately started trotting after him. His easy acquiescence compared to the amount of badgering he’d have had to endure from any member of NSY to reach this point was refreshing.
With a sudden lunge that put him within arm's length of the cabbie, he knocked both bottles hurtling from the table.
"You'll have the criminal elements of London falling at your feet."
“No. Erm. No, thank you.”
“It’s not just you, John. I’ve been thinking about this for a while. But I’m- I’m scared. If I really commit to this and then fail I… I’m not sure I’ll ever get clean. So this is like an ultimatum for me, you see? To face my fears. For both of us to face our fears.
“John, are you-” Sherlock looked over John’s body, but couldn’t find any sign of violence to explain how he’d seized the gun.
Attraction. Simple.
for some person as a requirement for you to finally get clean!”
,” Sherlock corrected. “Someone broke in night before last and left something. The client didn’t specify what.”
John said yes.
,” the other man’s expression was practically dazzled. “It was brilliant, really. Just brilliant.”
“Mummy insists that it need only be a real and honest
“Though I suppose I shouldn’t complain when you willingly let me do this without making a fuss. Maybe bees aren’t the only thing that make you cooperative.”
“I’d rather we never spoke of this again so I can delete all knowledge of it.”
Back in Afghanistan when John had lived every day with a sense of purpose, relishing the challenges every morning might bring, he hadn’t understood how Harry could feel so powerless. But since his return he’d come to understand only too well how the grey monotony of life could wear you down until the simple task of breathing felt like more of a chore than a necessity. It had taken him far too long just to work up the effort to apply to locum GP positions, too busy coping with the sucking misery to leave his flat most days.
"Effective," Sherlock agreed. "Maybe you should offer criminals massages instead of threatening them with your gun."
John’s usefulness was short-lived, but not a total waste. Sherlock’s operating theory that the message worked as a code primarily because of its placement and who the target audience was didn’t preclude it having individual meaning. Considering the effort undertaken to infiltrate the bank it made sense for there to be personal significance to the graffiti.
“A gift from John, I take it?”
“Like I said: It’s you. You think a superficial connection with bees capable of influencing my behavior, but you’re wrong. The one influencing my behavior, encouraging me to be more cooperative, is you.”
“His watch?”
“—later, after you’ve told me what happened to the dead man on the bed.”
“I can read your military service in your haircut and the way you hold yourself. You’re tan in the face, but not above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not for pleasure. Combined with your past career that means deployment overseas- Afghanistan, as you said yourself earlier. Army, but army
“Thank you,” Mycroft said, enough in control of his emotions that the words carried only a hint of sarcasm.
He shook his head and barrelled on before Sherlock could interrupt.
“You- Er. You must be glad he’s all right.”
“Mycroft,” he finally acknowledged, still applying even heat to the forearm in front of him as he turned to glower at his unwelcome relation.
“Maybe…” John stopped talking when he realized everyone had turned to look at him, glancing at Sherlock before finishing his thought. “Maybe he used the death of her daughter to make her take the poison somehow.”
“Of course,” John continued, a box
“Ta, mate, that’s what I told Greg. Tea?”
“None of the victims realized.” John scowled and set the disguised lighter on a desk. “Sorry for that, earlier. I didn’t know it was you, and he said he had an accomplice. I thought I might be able to buy some time bluffing.”
“It’s been
“Everything’s on the house,” Sherlock announced glibly. “I cleared his name of murder; Angelo won’t charge me a penny.”
John was as skilled with Sherlock’s neck as he was with his back, and Sherlock couldn’t help melting into his touch despite the petri dishes in need of his attention.
He took one hand from the wheel, reaching down behind the divider where John couldn’t see, and when he lifted the hand again he was holding a gun.
, like putting on an old pair of shoes he’d forgotten about and then outgrown. The John Watson who’d smiled and very subtly flirted back had been him, but not the current him, just some echo of what he’d used to be that he’d worn like a mask. And how could he even think of dating when their first interaction had been him shamming as if he wasn’t a ghost walking around in the skin of a man?
John and Sally both jumped at his shout, and Lestrade finally looked at him, face nervous and guilty.
Sherlock waved at him with an impatient hand.
“It might help, Sherlock. I wasn’t trained at this. There’s only so much I can do.”
“Sherlock… How many barley packs did you buy? Where’s all the food that used to be in here?”
When he went to the bathroom, convinced there had to be some physical reason for the phantom touch he’d be able to identify with the aid of a mirror, he found that there was a honeybee stuck to his forehead.
Instantly Sherlock snapped to attention, eyes darting from John’s face to where he was rummaging in the medical kit. He tensed, remembering what he’d been doing when Lestrade called with a case. The gauze had been binned, but Sherlock had meant to return to the problem of John and bees as soon as the case was finished.
“Since University you have shown a distinct trend towards eschewing all forms of meaningful human contact. At the time of your lapse it was understandable, but now that your personal and professional lives have stabilized Mummy thinks it is high time for you to make an attempt.”
. Come on, what have you got to lose?”
Sherlock, who’d been going over his account of events on automatic as he snuck glances at Donovan and John and tried to deduce their conversation, startled at Lestrade’s tone.
much better!”
“And for Anderson,” Sherlock intoned with great drama, “several hours locked in a room with the relaxing sounds of whales and the rainforest.”
“What’s he got on the building manager then?”
“I didn’t give you a massage the first time as an excuse for you to abuse your back again.”
“Didn’t think you looked smart enough to be ‘olmes, but you were with ‘im earlier and I thought maybe that was a trick, y’see? Using someone else as cover would be clever, and I was warned ‘olmes would be clever.”
, Sherlock,” she whispered into his chest, squeezing him once before letting go.
“John—”
“What, sorry?”
John ignored the insult to his looks as the cabbie continued babbling, trepidation curdling low in his gut.
It was like talking about his love life had released pre-meltdown Harry from wherever she’d been hiding. Suddenly she was smirking a familiar mischievous smirk, one that had convinced several of his almost and barely-even girlfriends when he was younger to decide that maybe they preferred a female Watson to a male one.
“John.” Sherlock cleared his throat, unexpectedly formal after ranting that utility workers were useless because their poor customer satisfaction reviews attracted too much attention. “Would you like to accompany me on a case?”
murder.”
“Excuse me-”
“That wasn’t just
“Problem?”
Thankfully John had more sense than to mention to Lestrade that Sherlock had borrowed one of his badges.
“Fine.” Sherlock agreed, even as he wondered which grains to test first.
It was a relief to be reminded that the police were in residence, something he’d completely forgotten in the wake of his own confused feelings. No reason to worry about after-date etiquette if Sherlock had visitors, but the relief was short-lived. Sherlock introduced him not as a date, but as a
“You’re always running around outside doing god-knows-what and neglecting to eat and rest, so your lips are probably constantly chapped.” He explained hurriedly. “It’ll also work as lotion in a pinch. Eczema seems inconvenient for detective work.”
John took a hasty sip of his wine to give himself time to think up a response that wasn’t just an awed compliment.
“Were you burnt anywhere else?”
“The check, um...” John cleared his throat, not sure if Sherlock was listening. “You didn’t have to.”
John laid a palm flat in the middle of Sherlock’s back and abruptly pushed straight down, pinning Sherlock to the sofa just enough to make him feel a little squashed, but not enough to truly obstruct his breathing.
The books from De Kleine’s flat were waiting at Baker Street when they arrived. Sherlock, doubting that John was versed in even the basics of Mandarin, gave him a list of keywords to look for and left him to it. It was unlikely he’d find anything, but John had pleasantly surprised him before. There was always a chance John helped spark a connection in Sherlock’s vastly superior intellect, and it saved him the effort of going through the books himself.
Obligingly, Sherlock dropped into a kitchen chair and presented his cheek for John’s inspection.
relate to looking after my health?”
He returned with kit in hand to find John standing in front of the open freezer staring.
“What?”
“Yeah, I know you’re not a child. Though the way you act sometimes makes it really hard to tell the difference.” John muttered snidely.
“Angelo, of course. And your surname from the back of your mobile.”
There was one new comment. Harry had replied with a single exclamation point and a moving picture of Kermit the frog waving his arms back and forth in excitement.
Galbraith’s information seemed helpful until Sherlock started running searches in the cab. Damn
He stared at the other man, face unreadable, before spinning to plant his hands on John’s shoulders.
“Yes, speaking of- Where are they, Mrs. Hudson?”
“I said ‘Taxi for Sherlock ‘olmes,’ and you said ‘yes.’”
“Doctor Watson, you forgot your cane.”
“No.” He glared at the paper napkins the waiter had left. “But it can take my Network days to follow up difficult leads.”
Hope was gasping for air. Spittle flecked Sherlock’s face, but he didn’t care, only tightened his grip.
“No, er, do you know what it, ah, says?”
“It’s a microwavable heat pack.” John beamed, looking more puffed up than ever. “It’s filled with barley, but this cover part is washable. You can also put it in the freezer for use as a cold pack.”
1) Sorry for any anti-Mystrade readers out there. I considered other options, but the instant I thought up the "I get you in the divorce" line decided me that this was the pairing best suited to turning Mycroft into the Holmesian equivalent of the weepy best friend from the movie.
John licked his lips and reached for his wine, suddenly feeling a bit hot.
Sherlock slammed through the flat and whirled into the kitchen, startling John into nearly dropping the kettle and spilling boiling water on himself.
The microwave beeped as Sherlock was nibbing at the toast, and he glanced up in time to catch John, jarringly yellow lump in hand, approaching with a look of stubborn determination on his face. Even in his tiredness Sherlock instantly recognized the item, that particular yellow hue difficult to forget, though he had entirely forgotten the existence of John’s gift prior to this point.
A big heartfelt
“Who was it? I want the name.”
He was wrong. He had to be.
“It’s a pity about his mobile, but we might be able to retrace his steps from his receipts.”
The doctor looked up from where he was placing one of the honey bandages over Sherlock’s forearm.
Without asking, John reached over and plucked the heat pack from where Sherlock had draped it around his neck. His disapproving frown over John interfering in his experiment was summarily ignored as John felt for any remaining heat and raised his eyebrow when he found none.
He nodded his head at the assembled people, also aware of Sally’s transparent attempt at subterfuge going by his mild tone and conversational opener.
Sherlock jabbed at the keypad on the microwave before stalking down the hallway to his bedroom, ignoring John who had recovered enough to start asking questions.
“No, actually, it’s not. I can barely get myself out of bed most days, what would I do with a relationship? I may be a mess right now, but I’m not stupid enough to make the same mistake twice.”
The criminals Sherlock reduced to the state Jefferson Hope was currently in called him any number of things, but they were usually cursing his intelligence, not spurning it. Sherlock frowned.
“Right, stop it, you two,” he said without looking at Sherlock. “Trouble at work, not a suicide, right-handed, go on.”
“He texted me,” Angelo answered before John could ask. He held up the takeaway bag in his other hand. “And
He reached into a pocket and emerged with a small clear bottle, a single pill rattling inside. John tensed when he came forward to set the bottle on a table, watched as he pulled out another seemingly-identical bottle and placed it next to the first.
Harry answered him with a small smile and squeezed his hand, both of them pretending for a few seconds that they had something stuck in their eyes.
On pressing his memory, he could recall John giving him tea with a vaguely guilty air a few days ago. Considering that John persisted in thinking Sherlock could take one look at his face and know every one of his sins from the past two weeks—which was often true but frequently took several seconds of focused observation to ascertain the exact details of John’s perceived misdemeanors, longer than what could be gleaned in one disinterested glance—John was frequently vaguely guilty over everything from hoping Sherlock wouldn’t deduce the contents of his internet history from the bags under his eyes, to his regret over being in a bad mood and not holding the door for the person behind him at Tesco’s.
“But, Sherlock, that doesn’t actually—” John attempted to force a laugh. The sound became trapped in his throat. “You of all people should know how unhygienic that is.”
Poison taken at gunpoint; likely a coward unused or unwilling to actually shoot his firearm. Current position as driver and one-handed grip suggested distraction; he’d need to be very skilled to hit John from his position in the front seat and through the divider screen. They weren’t travelling very fast and the kerb was immediately to John’s left; the chances of surviving if he threw himself out right now were high.
Where had John found what had to be children’s sticking plasters in this many varieties? More importantly,
like it when you do?”
“Bloody hell, you are obsessed, aren’t you?”
It took several seconds for Lestrade to respond, too busy scribbling everything Sherlock had just said across a notepad.
All of John’s presents were simple and served a set purpose, specifically one aimed at promoting Sherlock’s health. He’d accepted and made use of them, each a small improvement on his life, though of course not in any way he was unable to live without. Yet there was some other reason at work beyond straightforward utility or a sense of minor indulgence. John’s words bothered him because, as he frequently did during Sherlock’s casework, he’d unwittingly revealed an inconsistency.
“Wait, Sherlock, what about-?”
“What? You can’t.”
“I—Yes, John, I do. But you don’t have to—”
“These,” Sherlock interrupted before John could continue rambling, “are
“Will knowing make you any more willing to concede?”
The man was nervous.
“If you try dating a man, I’ll go to rehab.”
He chuckled in return and John smiled at him, blue eyes bright with amusement and adrenaline. This was not at all what he’d expected on agreeing to a date hours previous. He withdrew his mobile and began composing a text.
He threw up his hands in annoyance, noticed Donovan’s raised eyebrow, and sighed again.
For one disconcerting second Sherlock had no idea what was going on, but then he looked away from John’s concerned expression and the details fell into place.
“Christ,” John signed. Now that the emotional bit was over and Harry was actually outlining
His voice cut off when he actually looked at what he was holding. Sherlock catalogued the pattern for a moment longer before standing and patting John’s jumper back into place.
with him while Jefferson Hope’s corpse cooled on the floor beside them. Sherlock had never believed in fate or destiny or any other nonsense, but John was
“Aren’t you glad you didn’t experiment on it now?”
The young man he'd sent to prison had been furious, and he'd only wanted to fuck Sherlock, probably just the once. Sherlock had been uninterested, content to ignore him until he'd joined a scheme selling test questions, whereupon one comment from Sherlock before witnesses had accomplished what weeks of disregard hadn't and turned him from an object of lust to one of hatred.
“Yeah? And what if I don’t want to play your ‘game?’”
There was also a high chance he was reading too much into John’s actions considering his own past behavior. It was unlikely John’s personality had undergone such a shift that he was now experimenting on Sherlock for mysterious reasons. Probably John’s strange guilt over giving Sherlock a present without informing him of such was another consequence of his irrational hangups regarding gift-giving.
Thankfully, after a bit of a fumble on Sherlock’s part about how he’d learned John’s name that the doctor didn’t even question and a further demonstration of Sherlock’s abilities, they settled into a conversation about the latest victim in the serial suicide case that naturally segued into an account of Sherlock’s past cases.
“Mobile missing,” he reported after John declared the predictable but necessary time of death, “trying to track who he’s been in contact with.”
get his chubby hands on
This wasn’t the first time John had obliquely referred to Sherlock’s interest in bees as if his academic fascination could somehow influence him to complete any number of undesirable tasks. John was wrong, of course, but not entirely, and that puzzled him. Sherlock used the things he’d been gifted because they worked, irrespective of having been produced by or decorated to look like honeybees. But John was right too: Sherlock had completely stopped taking sugar in his tea when at home even though liquid honey was harder to portion out than sugar, and he had worn the plaster on his forehead for hours longer than was really necessary especially when it itched.
He came up behind Sherlock to look at the paused icon on screen..
“My bedroom, bedside table.”
John swallowed back his fury and walked over to the table, fingering one of the bottles as if he was contemplating actually taking a pill as he inched closer.
Mrs. Hudson popped out of the flat at the sound of the door closing, her mouth snapping shut when she noticed John and the way Sherlock had one arm curved around the man’s back.
again—and that everyone’s focus was back on the case. But he was distracted from finding the recipient of the message in the Chairman's office by the realization that the others hadn’t shelved their interpersonal drama. The likeliest result of leaving them alone together didn’t bear thinking about. It was lucky that John was so biddable, and they managed to escape without any emotionally-fraught confrontations.
Without a word, John walked over and placed the heat pack across Sherlock’s shoulders.
“What does Mummy want then?”
“Well, I… Of course I notice you, Sherlock. It’s rather hard not to, most of the time.”
Under other circumstances Sherlock might have protested, but it was all he could do to remove his coat and scarf with leaden movements and slump onto the sofa as he felt his transport quickly losing steam.
Entire universes were born and died in the seconds between John opening his mouth and Arthur’s realization of who was standing in his corner office. In the time it took Arthur to recognize him—a bitter sting when John had known him on sight—he felt himself flung back across the gulf of years between them, pain fresh and raw as if the wound wasn’t over a decade old. Arthur’s eyes flicked from John to Sherlock, assessing their relationship and,
That was unexpected. Loyalty this soon, in front of someone whose rejection hurt years later? Maybe their first date had gone better than he’d realized. Best to make the most of it; John liked his deductions and would be more secure if he wasn’t the center of attention.
have a friend?”
“Then I’ll just have to become a consulting masseuse. The only one in the world after I invent the profession.”
He’d already seen how brusque the detective became when he was focusing, issuing orders and snapping for silence. It was clear his job meant everything by how he talked about it, proud of his ability to solve puzzles no one else could. And John understood bragging to a date, though he’d usually been the culprit instead of the recipient. It was… charming, actually, knowing Sherlock wanted to tell him things, had seen John’s interest and planned to include him.
The man in question poked his head out of the kitchen with an expression of malicious glee and Sherlock turned on Lestrade, about to upbraid him for letting
The mug in his hands tasted sweeter somehow, even though John had confirmed himself that he’d been making the same thing for Sherlock over the past several days. Maybe John had decided to add more honey now that he wasn’t trying to keep it a secret from Sherlock. He squinted in confusion at his tea and resolved to watch how John prepared it the next time he made Sherlock a cuppa.
John lifted his coffee to his lips to give himself a few moments to think, but winced when he realized it was now only lukewarm and even less appealing than before.
Hope could drink to clear his airway and prime him for questioning—when Hope stopped coughing, hand falling away to reveal a sickly grin.
The taxi came to a stop and the cabbie got out, opening the passenger door and gesturing John out with the gun, standing too far away for John to lunge without risking him bolting.
John looked at him, the laughter he’d managed to quiet still flashing in his eyes, and didn’t pull away.
“But you can’t wear this about like a scarf. It’s nearly a kilogram, Sherlock.” John hefted it in his hands as if to demonstrate its weight. “You’re going to strain your neck wearing it out of the flat like that.”
“Hurts?”
If bees weren’t the least common denominator, what was?
present, isn’t it?”
He finally allowed some of the excitement he felt to show on his face.
“But seeing as you don’t have her contact information-”
For Mycroft to be as nervous as he was spelled ill for Sherlock. When Mummy put her foot down the results were terrifying, but it was Father’s support of the scheme that most worried Sherlock. With the two of them as a united front, there was little choice but to obey. No attempt at wheedling or whinging would compel them to change their minds. They would cut off access to his account, and Sherlock didn’t need to run the figures through his head to know that the current frequency of his consulting was insufficient to fully support his lifestyle.
“You want buy? Twelve pound, very nice!”
As with each of the previous fourteen times, John’s mouth quirked into a brief smile, his tongue darted out over his lips, and then he took a sip of his tea and glanced down at the photos as if nothing had happened. He hadn’t licked his lips that very first time on giving Sherlock the balm, but it had become a standard feature of his behavior since.
be a connection. Why would she do that?”
That, and John’s presence was surprisingly soothing, thumbing pages in the background as Sherlock blew up the picture from his mobile and tacked the printouts on the wall. After a few questions he faded easily into the background, and an assistant who knew when to shut up was worth any annoyance he’d experienced on their “date,” even that bit at the bank with Morstan.
John brightened further.
John replayed Angelo’s and Mrs. Hudson’s reactions to his presence and compared them to the obvious skepticism of Sherlock’s colleagues from the Met. They’d been enthusiastic but equally skeptical in their own way, acting as if Sherlock on a date was a rare occurrence. Suddenly John had an answer for why a bloke who looked and spoke like Sherlock Holmes might want to go out with him.
“Speaking of bees,” his eyes were full of mirth in the way Sherlock liked best, “where’s yours?”
“Detective Inspector Gary Lestrade.” He ignored Lestrade’s automatic correction. “My liaison at New Scotland Yard.”
“Of course.” John startled and tried to ignore Arthur watching them. “What?”
“Right, Sherlock.
“It’s right at your hairline,” John insisted, already rooting around in his medical kit. “You’re sure to bump it if it’s not covered.”
Sherlock paused on his way to the sofa and looked over his shoulder at John as he moved to pick up his own mug, unaware of Sherlock’s scrutiny.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked towards the pink case before darting back with a roll that implied his doubt in the members of NSY being smart enough to find their collective arses, much less remember the missing suitcase and come to the realization that he had already located it.
“You’ve been giving it to me over the past few days. Is there some reason I shouldn’t?”
“How much do you know about the case?”
“Oh, yes,” Sherlock nodded, his unusually-colored eyes fixed on John’s face,
“Army doctor, recently home from service in Afghanistan. You’ve a cane, but the injury that invalided you out and ended your career wasn’t in your leg. Intermittent tremors in your left hand suggest a wound to your shoulder. The original injury must have been traumatic—wounded in action, then—so the limp that troubles you when you walk is at least partly psychosomatic. It’s certainly not bothering you now. When you’re standing you forget it’s supposed to be there. Your therapist’s concerned, but she’ll be pleased to hear about the interviews. GP, unless I miss my guess. The tremors are evidence of nerve damage; no hospital would hire you as a surgeon in your condition.”
He held out both hands palm down in John’s direction so the ludicrous children’s plasters spread over his torn knuckles were impossible to miss.
“The bees, John!”
Sherlock immediately began considering situations in which John would need his hands free while Sherlock laid down, finally selecting the most likely and lowering himself to his stomach on the sofa.
“Wha—”
Sherlock would have offered his usual protests, but John had turned back into the kitchen. Instead, he took a reflexive sip of the tea. It was delightfully warm.
” Hope finally screamed, throwing off Sherlock’s hold as he started writhing, clawing at his own throat and chest in agony.
“Mr. Holmes,” said a man’s voice, familiar in a way that John vaguely recognized. “Thank you so much for coming in on such short notice. I appreciate—”
“Anderson, turn around. Your face is disruptive to logical thought. The rest of you shut up. Don’t talk to me, don’t talk to each other, don’t even think.”
“Yeah,” Lestrade nodded. “Yeah, we’re good. I’ll let you know if I need anything else.”
“Upstairs. I didn’t want to let them in with you gone, you understand, but—”
“Right. Thanks.” There wasn’t any socially acceptable way to say he’d done it for the adrenaline without coming off touched in the head, so he didn’t bother. “About the Chairman giving him the job- How did you know?”
“A few centimeters higher and you would’ve had one hell of a shiner. As it is, this is a very spectacular bruise.” He ran a thumb over the mark, probing carefully at the bone beneath. “Ice it no more than twenty minutes every hour, and take a couple paracetamol for the pain.”
“Even if osmosis worked like that,”Sherlock said dryly, “it would take more than a few teaspoons a day to make me fill out the Met’s insipid paperwork willingly.”
, Johnny. You’d have had at least a dozen one-night stands by now if you’d been on leave.”
“Right this way, Mister. And lemme ‘ave your mobile while you’re at it. I won’t be making that mistake again.”
Sherlock frowned at the box and took out the others from the kit. There was a selection of sizes and shapes available, but each box pictured a zoomed-in view of the plasters inside, all of them patterned with artistically-rendered yellow-and-brown-striped honeybees.
Sherlock took his shoulder to the bedroom door when he found it locked, and frowned at the body on the bed. De Kleine could have been ignoring his creditors for months, but money seemed an unlikely motive to infiltrate a high-security bank when breaking into a flat was easier and more effective. From his luggage De Kleine had only just returned; had he seen the message at the bank? Sherlock scrutinized the dirty clothing and went to let John in, comparing the severity of the punishment to the offense suggested by the evidence.
Sherlock frowned at him, but worked a finger under the closest taped edge anyway, neatly prying beneath the folds until he’d exposed the plain cardboard box underneath without tearing the paper. The cardboard was fresh, no identifying logos printed on the surface, and had already been opened by John to check the contents—John cleared his throat and Sherlock rolled his eyes, reaching in to lift the flaps.
he was starting to regret his decision. Being given a loophole so he wouldn’t have to think about gay sex just yet wasn’t enough to overcome his other reservations.
“Excellent!”
“Let’s go, John.”
“Anything for my favorite customer.” Angelo beamed, winked at John, and left as quickly as he’d appeared.
“Stillborn.” Sherlock’s excitement at the prospect of new information vanished and he began to pace. “That’s not right… There
John glanced at him, surprised and a little excited.
. As in, we’re supposed to work together. In fact, we’ve found Rachel.”
He snickered and caught Sherlock’s eye.
John would get shirty if he came home to acid burns on the furniture and flooring and his shouting would inevitably rouse Mrs. Hudson, who would chide them again and take the money for repairs out of their rent, which would only make John yell more. Sherlock shook himself before the mental exercise of imagining the scenario could exhaust him, and went to find the ratty clean-up towels.
He opened the microwave, shoved the heat pack in, and closed the door before hovering indecisively over the keypad. He could estimate the amount of time John had used previously, but having not been entirely attentive before he couldn’t deduce the exact amount and didn’t want to repeat the experiment without making sure to replicate all previous conditions.
“Yes. The usual, for me, and for Doctor Watson—” He paused so John made his request for the spaghetti bolognese— “and a bottle of my usual wine, too. Thank you, Angelo.”
“Hope that doesn’t mean I’m going to get kidnapped every time we go out.”
“No… I’m sorry, what?”
Sherlock bellowed for John several times before it occurred to him that his flatmate and blogger wasn’t home, whereupon he began bellowing for Mrs. Hudson instead. After an unknown period of time during which a mug of tea did not suddenly appear at his elbow, Sherlock tore himself away from his slides with a huff of annoyance at the inconvenience and went to make the tea himself.
“A friend of mine, Doctor John Watson, late of the Royal Army Medical Corps.”
“Well, now you know. Sherlock Holmes is more cooperative when bees are involved. Not sure how I’ll use that to bribe you the next time Greg needs you to fill out paperwork at NSY or you have to go to A&E, but I’m sure I’ll come up with something.”
“Fine with me. Getting you to sit still for at least this much is an achievement. I guess I’ll just have to work on how much of a tosser you are then.”
“Wait, where are we-?”
Lestrade
“Unfortunately,” Mycroft looked
brand of self-consciousness until Angelo had ruined everything. Huffing, he opened the door wide and ushered John in with a hand on the small of his back.
wouldn’t think to buy any of what you’ve given me for myself. The only reason they have the chance to work is because
As per instructions, Angelo had seated the doctor at the usual reserved table reserved. He twitched his lips into a smile and moved to take the empty chair facing the window as he greeted his “date.”
He’d already noted the night a success in his head when he saw the standing cab across the street. Sherlock wasn't worried over abandoning the date—John was too impressed by what he did for the police to hold it against him—but something about John’s open, waiting face made him pause.
He knew he’d said the right thing when John smiled and the familiar creases reappeared in the corner of his eyes. John gently moved his wrist out of Sherlock’s grip and turned his hand until the mobile rested cradled between both of their palms. Sherlock tightened his fingers to accept it and John folded his hand over top and squeezed before releasing.
Sherlock barely resisted the urge to fling himself upright and into violent pacing of the sitting room floor, clenching his hands in the upholstery of the sofa instead.
“So, let me get this straight. You’re saying that you,” John paused to wet his lips, “you’ve been using my gifts because
“Honestly,” John was saying in the kitchen, “I thought you had your Homeless Network for just this reason to have people spot you or help you on watch. Sitting in that position for so long and in the cold too. It might just be your ‘transport,’ but one day your body is going to betray you—”
“Halve the amount and make the rest out to John. Any cases he assists with we split the fees.”
“Eating local honey can help fight allergies, but only if the bees producing it get their pollen and nectar from plants in the same area.” Sherlock knew this already, but John was so enthusiastic he decided not to interrupt. “There are a number of urban hives spread out over London, but this honey was produced by honeybees living on the roof of the University of London’s Law building.”
John sighed but let Sherlock have the mug.
Had this been Sherlock’s fault somehow? Had his pleased reception of John’s bee-decorated heating pack at his birthday unleashed the floodgates on a hitherto unknown bee-themed gift-giving mania?
“You can pick up one of those pills, or I can shoot you in the ‘ead.”
He ventured a comment and answered Sherlock’s pointed question thinking guiltily that maybe he could help, but realized how misguided that was when Sherlock bellowed for silence. This was the consulting detective, not John’s date, and right now he was in the way, detracting from Sherlock’s brilliance. In fact, that was probably what the taxi was for. He’d summoned Angelo with John’s cane without him noticing. As soon as he realized the police needed him Sherlock had called a cab, knowing the date was over and making sure John could get home.
- How long until the poison took effect? Sherlock batted John away and grabbed Hope’s face.
Thank you to those who commented! Updates TBD as I plan to actually construct an outline instead of just riding blindly off into the sunset as per my usual MO.
Middle of the afternoon on a weekday meant he was still unemployed, clothing too casual to suggest he'd come straight from a job interview, so had he stopped for coffee alone or to meet someone else? Alone if coming from therapy, but— Sherlock rewound time in his head to the initial scan he'd made on walking in and
“This isn’t actually a bet, Harry. You’re going to rehab whether or not this works out for me.”
“Seems like it worked.”
“No,” John mumbled, still in shock. “No, it wasn’t awful.”
have I told you about withholding evidence, Sherlock?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Something personal, or Donovan would have known about it. He considered what he knew of the DI’s bad habits—a predilection for eating poorly and consuming too much caffeine as a consequence of his job—before deciding on the most likely out-of-character behavior to trigger this reaction. A mundane one-night stand wouldn’t elicit this level of shame. What sexual impropriety had Lestrade committed since they’d last seen each other he felt the need to conceal from Sherlock?
“Better hurry,” Harry taunted, “he’s going to leave.”
John realized his jaw was hanging open and picked it back up off the table. This was supposed to be a first date. Gaping in shock might have worked earlier, but he needed to start putting in a little more work if he wanted to hold the attention of a bloke like Sherlock.
John huffed loudly and whirled around to face Sherlock, blocking the doorway with his body.
John followed the instructions into one of an identical pair of buildings, grimacing when the gun was nudged between his shoulders. If he hadn’t seen it and realized it was fake he might have been convinced by the deceptive solidity of it poking at his back.
Sherlock burst through the door, pausing barely long enough to fling his coat and scarf at the sofa before bounding into the kitchen. Gleefully, he collected the item he’d prepared from the freezer and one of their ragged hand towels before running back into the sitting room where John was still in the process of removing his coat.
“Course not. I don’t
“Er, thanks. Thank you.”
The box had been wrapped with precise military corners in Mrs. Hudson’s leftover Christmas wrapper from the past holiday what looked to be only a few days ago, judging from the lack of accumulated dust and still-clear cellotape. Sherlock reached out to lift the package and give it a shake to determine the contents, but John smacked his hands away.
“Saying it’s a ‘campaign’ makes it sound like this was some sort of war I waged against you. It’s not like that.”
“Why would I be angry with you for testing a hypothesis? I thought you might have been, but I couldn’t understand the fixation on bees.”
concerned?”
Peeved at the continued interruption, Sherlock looked up. Shorter blond man, blue eyes, nervous expression, hand clenched around the handle of his cane. Sherlock took in the details automatically, deductions spiralling off from what he observed. The information slotted into place easily except—He was missing something. What was it?
“John, will you do something for me?”
As always, the first touch of John’s hands had him relaxing further into the cushions with a deep sigh.
“Good lord, what is that thing you have on your neck?”
. Yes, that was it. The faint whiff he’d caught, persistent and lingering, was the sterile smell of antiseptic and bleach. Not just army, army
They got in a fight when she tried to explain how to make the posts accessible to specific IP addresses, and John finished his dinner guiltily relieved at the return to the sibling status quo after the past few days of harmony. Harry called back before he could decide if he was a bad brother or not, confessed that she’d left a meeting and spent forty minutes pacing outside a pub in apology, and John gave her his password in return. The evening passed with assurances that no, he wasn’t hurt, nobody had been shot, he wasn’t in trouble with the police, and actually it had been brilliant. When he finally mentioned his second date it was time for bed, saving him from further criticism of his dating attire.
“Fine,” Mycroft sighed. “If you will not acknowledge Mummy’s wishes, I’ve been instructed to cut off access to your account.”
It was on the tip of Sherlock’s tongue to pull away and reproach John for invalidating his test results, part of his concentration still on the soaking lung tissue, but he hadn’t actually. In fact, he was currently going above and beyond in confirming the first part of Sherlock’s hypothesis for the other experiment he was conducting, one that didn’t involve lungs.
“You had this already prepared. Don’t tell me you knew this was going to—”
, Sherlock— He only needed to turn his head to read the entire story from John’s face. That was worse, somehow, than being made to feel like this again, Sherlock witnessing his reunion with someone who barely remembered him. This proved anything John did was futile because Sherlock would look at him and know it had been a mistake—
to everyone who's left me comments expressing interest, especially those of you following for future updates.
His thoughts were interrupted by a sudden laugh. John was looking at him, something that could only be delight dancing in his eyes.
“I never said he wasn’t,” Sherlock said, abruptly puzzled but not sure by what. “There are ways of planting subliminal messages using gestures and conversational cues.”
John laughed again.
“Well, yeah, he called for the cab, but—”
“I’ll make you a bet,” Harry interrupted again, eyes sparkling.
“I won’t make any promises I can’t keep.”
“You look well.” Arthur hesitated. “Good luck.”
” Her tone this time was closer to fourteen-year-old Harry than mid-forties-year-old Harry. Several of the people nearby glanced at them and John fought not to blush.
“Are you hungry?”
“It’s...good.” He tried again, and John’s face cleared somewhat. “How ‘local’ is the honey?”
Sherlock’s finger hovered a few seconds longer before punching in two minutes, forty-five seconds. It would be better to establish a control when he was feeling more observant, otherwise the results would end up skewed.
He was drowning in amazement all over again at the realization that not only had Sherlock taken him on a fantastic date, he’d also cured John’s limp at the same time, when Angelo winked and John remembered he was standing on Sherlock’s front step undecided on how to end the date without losing Sherlock’s interest or getting himself into more than he could handle.
“My point is that of the two of us, your behavior is more obsessive than mine.”
It took John an embarrassingly long time to realize he had no idea where the taxi was going.
“Sorry, have you met yourself? If you open up the dictionary I’m pretty sure it’s your picture there next to the word. And trying to get you to take better care of yourself isn’t
“An absent phone and a wound on the wrong side doesn’t prove he didn’t kill himself when he realized his creditors were after him.”
“Er, yes. Around that, though it depends how long you microwave it for.”
Could he risk saving himself if it meant the cabbie claiming twice as many victims as he’d already poisoned in a traffic accident? And, asked another part of him, could he risk letting Sherlock’s suspect escape without trying to stop him? John stared at the gun, reassessing. All the victims had been found in empty buildings, no evidence of anyone else present. The murderer had obviously concealed his presence; there was no telling if he had an accomplice. That might be a problem, but John’s instincts insisted that he could handle the cabbie, even after his invalidation. When the cab stopped he’d have an opportunity to go for the gun—
Though he smiled easily, there was worry in John’s eyes and a little tick in his jaw as if he wanted to say more but was holding himself back. Implicit in his statement was both his willingness to give Sherlock another massage if necessary, and the faith that nothing would happen to Sherlock to prevent John from being able to do so. He made no attempt to tell Sherlock what to do, and wasn’t holding his mobile hostage for any other reason than to ensure he had Sherlock’s attention.
“No, nevermind, you’re right, it’s not as if I was trying to hide it. I figured you would’ve said something before now if you didn’t like it, but I wanted to ask anyway.”
John raised his eyebrows, actually tempted. Nosy sister that she was, Harry had been pestering him about his potential bisexuality for years. For Harry, who never liked to be wrong if she could help it, to actually offer to let something go for once without a fight was unprecedented. But reality reasserted itself again and he shook his head.
And when he had what he wanted it would be simple enough to scare off his “boyfriend.” It was all there in his stance, the way he gripped his cane, the measuring of their heights. This was a man used to making the first move, to heterosexual relationships where the male had the more traditional gender role. He’d approached first, but it wasn’t enough to assuage his worries over the foreign process of pulling a man, especially one like Sherlock whose height and angular features weren’t feminine in the least. After he’d rubbed Mycroft’s smug fat face in his success all he need do was increase the pace, push more than the doctor was comfortable with, and he’d break it off himself, with no blame on Sherlock’s part.
“No, I mean, this is something you want?” John stared at him, eyes searching Sherlock’s face. “You think it’ll help?”
. Sherlock had seen it in his body language from the other side of the window before he’d even entered. He was clearly comparing his past experiences in heterosexual dating against dating another man. Tedious.
“Thanks, Harry. Really appreciate having my sister call me a slag. Ta very much for that.”
“And you are, I suppose. A proper genius who let himself be caught.”
Even though he was expecting it, he felt instantly bereft when John removed the heat pack from his shoulders. It had still been quite comfortably warm and Sherlock was thinking absently of microwaving it again later until the moment John’s hands settled on his back. The first touch was light and testing, smoothing up and down over the fabric of his dressing gown in soothing circles. John started rubbing in confident, methodical strokes that had Sherlock sighing and relaxing further into the cushions.
“Why bother?” A taxi pulled up before his arm was completely raised. “I asked the secretary for his address.”
Harry stared at him, expression a likely female mirror of his own, before seizing his hand and grinning.
John thought about it as they crossed the lobby. Judging from her art skills he’d guess between three and seven, which meant she’d lost her mother very young. He stopped at the revolving doors, suddenly remembering that Arthur Morstan wasn’t the reason they’d come.
“Frankly, he was a bloody awful cabbie. This is nowhere
“John,” he started as soon as he heard the scuff of John’s shoes on the floor beside him, “cause of death is asphyxiation. Obvious. The lack of a struggle could mean poison, but the evidence points in favor of toxic carbon monoxide inhalation. Thoughts?”
Not sure if he was more annoyed with her for talking him into this mad situation, or himself for falling for it, John clenched his hand over the handle of his cane but didn’t get up.
“I’ll put you out of a job,” John warned, trying to sound serious and failing when he laughed mid-word and had to restart. “No more locked-room mysteries for you.”
The lip balm was extremely practical too considering the amount of time Sherlock spent out of doors on various errands, and unlike the heat pack it was portable and didn’t attract unwanted staring. Additionally, whenever John saw him apply it he’d smile and—
Sherlock sat up in shock.
on me?”
talk about this here?”
“Let’s go.”
, Anderson. Go wait outside until you’re needed.” Sherlock closed the door on Anderson’s sputtering protests.
In this case not saying anything turned out to be the correct response. Harry smiled ruefully and started playing with her empty cup.
“Just as long as you try.”
“I didn’t
Sherlock set it down on the table, where it flopped like jello coming out of the mold. He turned it over and found the split in the seam where the internal filling could be removed from the cover. Carefully, he prodded one of the bees with a finger.
Jacket disposed of, John carefully undid the buttons at Sherlock’s shirt cuffs and hissed sympathetically when folding the sleeves back revealed bright pink, inflamed skin.
With slow, methodical movements he eased the fabric down Sherlock’s arms, taking care not to brush against the raw skin of his forearms.
where I live, and he took my cane!”
Cheap aftershave—there was the same bit of stubble on the left side of his jaw he’d consistently missed since his divorce—and stale coffee, danish for breakfast—crumbs on his shirt collar and the corner of his mouth. No hint of Mycroft’s expensive cologne, preferred soap, or diesel car exhaust. He’d never consent to an assignation at Lestrade’s flat, and he’d be the sort to attempt genteel negotiations the morning after during a shared breakfast— It was over already. His brother
He had to know. A man who could read John’s military career in his haircut and his tan lines, and his therapist from his limp must have deduced his sexual identity crisis, but he’d agreed to a date anyway. He’d probably seen John’s embarrassment after Angelo and Mrs. Hudson and taken pity on him. John was ashamed.
“Oh, this?”
John licked his lips. “Do you mean… You think that’s him? The murderer?” His eyes darted briefly sideways, but he never looked away from Sherlock’s face.
Before she could spook John further Sherlock stepped forward to take advantage of her current sentimentality. Mrs. Hudson practically flew into his arms.
, that was harder to identify. It was the smell that narrowed down your current occupation. Few things linger like the sterility of the medical or laboratory industries, but the scent is fainter on you and carries no hint of latex. Your hands are weathered, but not dry the way constant exposure to hand sanitizer and repetitive scrubbing with strong soap causes. Several days ago you made a visit to a hospital or surgery, not long enough for a full shift. Ergo, job interview.”
Sherlock dipped his head in confirmation, took a chance.
, as if he’d needed further proof he was right when for the first time in over two decades he wanted desperately to be
“My birthday was two weeks ago,” Sherlock replied without looking away from his microscope lens.
“I could ‘ave ‘ad your friend ‘ere, and you wouldn’t ‘ave even known. It’s a real disappointment after being told about your website.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
John accepted the cup and took a sip, hiding his grimace of distaste with practiced ease. The coffee was still too sweet, though nowhere near as cloying as it had been when they’d first started their sibling get-togethers. Proof positive that Harry
“That was
. He might actually take the effort to let John down gently when the time came.
But the nervousness, the stumbling initial approach, the obvious arousal, and what Sherlock could now identify as an unconscious height comparison all came together instantly.
“Pulled out all the stops for me, did you?”
John looked in the direction she was pointing and felt his mouth drop. Of
He wrinkled his nose at the unconscious cabbie.
my sniffer dog.”
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock turned his head to keep the street in his peripheral vision and picked up the small tube of what turned out to be lip balm branded with the name of the same company from which John had ordered his heat pack.
“Beeswax lip balm,” John explained unnecessarily because Sherlock had already found the list of ingredients on the tube, “along with some other, er, bee byproducts.”
Emboldened by his desire to thumb his nose at Sally’s disapproval, Sherlock leaned forward and brushed the orange blanket from John’s shoulders. John looked up at him in surprise, but didn’t pull away, the tip of his tongue flicking over his lips as Sherlock straightened.
find Mr. Right, or at least what you’d like to
John swallowed and turned his hand over to thread his fingers through hers. He could see the confident Harry of the past overlaid with the older, pained Harry of the present. It struck him suddenly that what his sister really needed was for those two versions to merge, wiser after everything she’d been through.
If Mrs. Hudson was going to have a heart attack from over-excitement, in a flat surrounded by police officers was the time to do so. She gripped his arm briefly in passing, but didn’t try to stop him. Sherlock ignored Lestrade’s furious protests as he galloped down the stairs, mobile already in hand to track Jennifer Wilson’s phone.
John knelt and retrieved the wallet and his phone.
Sherlock let John’s cheerful babbling wash over him as he opened a spreadsheet on his computer and marked the favorable results in the relevant cells. John had noticed the depreciation in the jar with almost exactly one-fourth of the honey still remaining, which at the rate of their consumption was more than John’s professed “almost out,” but would allow plenty of time to order a new supply before the old was used up.
the things you wrote about him in your emails. Even I noticed, and my life was self destructing around me at the time.”
“and any sort of trouble you’d care to imagine.”
and John’s insecurities came flooding back in a rush.
“Your benefactor. He’s the one who got you this job, isn’t he? You’re grateful to him—it isn’t easy living in London as a single father of a young child—and eager to have this solved before he returns.”
And John laughed.
“So,” Harry sighed, interrupting his melancholy thoughts, “now that we’ve established my love life is DOA, let’s talk about yours, baby brother.”
and a flower-shaped logo stamped across the sole and heel.
Before John could begin babbling in earnest, Sherlock removed the strip of tape keeping the tube sealed and twisted off the cap to apply it to his mouth. The balm felt soothing against his skin, which was admittedly a little wind burnt, though not to a degree he couldn’t ignore it easily.
“I know.” John sounded indulgently amused, a sure sign he was proud of himself for his cleverness. “That’s why I didn’t give it to you until now.”
Sherlock blinked in surprise before his mouth split in a wide, delighted grin.
“I assure you, I can. During your lapse in University I was made primary guardian of your funds. Though I have since made them available to you, my status remains intact. Mummy might finally consider transferring account ownership to you, as it should have been upon achievement of your majority, if you take her concerns in mind.”
John gaped for a moment before anger overcame his bewilderment.
“Fine,” John said eventually and let go of Sherlock’s shirt. “You win this time, you mad wanker. Now let me look at your cheek.”
“There’s a good Chinese on Baker Street that stays open late. Did you know you can always tell a good Chinese…”
“Mummy used to, when I was a child. I quite liked it until Mycroft—” He cut off abruptly, licked his lips, and continued. “I used to find it very effective, and I think it will work, if it’s you.”
them. I just talk to them and then I give them a choice.”
John giggled and waved his fingers in the air beseechingly.
“You sent one of your admirers to prison when you were at university, but sending Doctor Watson to his death is a bit much, wouldn’t you agree?
“Sorry, Mister.” He was still smiling, no change at all to the expression. “If I can’t ‘ave ‘olmes, I’ll ‘ave to settle for you. Nothing personal, but I’ve a quota to fill.”
The very last door was slightly cracked. Sherlock didn’t bother looking in to gauge the situation, only flung himself inside hoping a distraction might be enough to save John, if it wasn’t already too late—
And, to add to Sherlock’s overall satisfaction at the turn of events, the doctor did. Sherlock took it, doubly pleased at finding his guess about the brother confirmed by the inscription on the back, and quickly tapped in his number.
Something about using his medical skills made John steady in the same way that putting the taste of danger in his mouth and a gun in his hand made his aim steady. Sherlock often envied this ability of John’s to focus both in the rush of a case and in the downtime afterwards. It was a talent he didn’t and would likely never have.
“You’ve been able to do that this entire time,” Sherlock groaned into the sofa, astonished at how hoarse his voice sounded.
The one case in his inbox perfect for his second date with John and
There was laughter in his voice. The hand on Sherlock’s back stopped pressing down and began stroking between his shoulder blades. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but allowed his body to go limp again.
“That’s good because it’s much better for you.”
“That was—” John gasped after they’d outrun the police— “absolutely ridiculous. The most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock! Are you all right? Did you call the police?”
“I ‘aven’t killed anyone though, ‘ave I? Just spoken to them, and then they killed themselves.”
“Yes, you’ve mentioned the potential allergy benefits,” Sherlock agreed indulgently.
“Binned it. No point keeping frozen veg when we have these.”
“Bank
“If you’d offered before now, I would have accepted.”
“And you knew I have a therapist how?”
“Because the killer wanted it to look like suicide! Right-handed victim, wound on the left side. Or would you bother using your left hand if you finally decided to spare me and the rest of the world your existence?”
After his brother’s tread had faded from the stairs and the downstairs door had opened and shut again Sherlock growled angrily into the sofa. Damn Mycroft! He’d completely missed the peak minutes of optimum heat and would have to microwave it again.
. He refused to let Mycroft’s presence ruin his good mood.
Sherlock was mid-nod when John leaned over and kissed him.
John, unobservant though he was, noticed the jar of honey sitting on the table the moment he stepped into the kitchen. Sherlock, mostly concentrating on his experiment, took note of his expression. Surprise, chagrin, happiness, and a touch of nerves all flickered their way over his face until his features settled into cautious pleasure.
Before he could stand up Harry leaned across the table and put her hand over his, the touch shocking him out of his anger.
Sherlock was abruptly yanked backwards and away from Hope’s flailing limbs. He watched until Hope went still, only aware that John’s hand had been pressed against the back of his neck where it was clenched in his coat collar after John let go to check Hope’s pulse.
“And what punishment will your disobedience merit?”
“How do you know I wasn’t just in for a check-up?”
However, he found the literature on the nature of romantic relationships frustratingly imprecise, ranging anywhere from vague and patently untrue advice like “just be yourself” to point-by-point behavioral coaching tailored to achieve specific results. While the latter information was more helpful, and Sherlock bookmarked several interesting websites for later study, the nature of dating meant that there was nothing on how to indefinitely maintain a person’s romantic interest with the least modicum of effort necessary for the sake of impressing one’s family. Instead Sherlock threw himself into researching everything else and surfaced hours later with the realization that he was going to be late, something that his reading assured him was inadvisable on a first date.
“Yes,
John Watson was a man with a strong moral principle. But hadn’t he already known that? Queen and Country and all that rot. He’d been impressed at the work Sherlock did for the police, enough not to question why Sherlock was multi-tasking on their date, but it wasn’t mere hero worship. John wasn’t opposed to taking the law into his own hands: chasing after the taxi, staying with the cabbie even though he’d known the gun was fake.
The way his lips kept fighting a smile was off-putting. Sherlock swept away, pleased when Sally shot him a typically vitriolic glare, gave John one last parting comment, and scarpered off to pretend she wasn’t eavesdropping. John, to Sherlock’s relief, barely acknowledged her, greeting Sherlock’s arrival with a small smile that told him John hadn’t listed to a word she’d said.
Sherlock beamed in return and couldn’t help the way his eyes traced the expression on John’s lips. He looked up, about to tell Lestrade that they’d come back to finish his tiresome paperwork once John was properly rested, and found the DI staring at him, handset halfway to his ear and one hand on the dial pad, both eyebrows up at his hairline.
“Couldn’t find any with that fabric. Bedding and novelty ties, yes, but not much else, and believe me I looked. I even thought about getting one custom-made, but that seemed a little morbid considering you’re meant to use it when hurt and we’ve more than enough anatomically correct human bits in the flat already.”
“Sherlock ‘olmes. I was expecting you. I ‘eard you were a proper genius, but you’re not, are you?”
John, he realized suddenly, was
He only needed to figure out the meaning behind the cryptic bank message. Knowing why De Kleine had been targeted would make it easier to find who’d killed him. Sherlock glanced at where John sat at the desk, highlighter in one hand as he squinted at a passage. Even with Galbraith’s information Chinese calligraphy was decidedly not his area. Maybe after John left for the night he’d follow up on the leads the doctor was less suited to assist with.
Several hours later Sherlock awoke on the sofa. John had removed his shoes and covered him with a blanket, but left the half-drunk tea and the barely-touched toast, which Sherlock appreciated because it allowed him to estimate the time that had passed by the congealed butter on the bread. Alongside the plate and mug sat the bee-emblazoned heat pack. It was cold to the touch when Sherlock reached out to pick it up.
“I wanted to wait until after I ordered.” He managed to drag his eyes away from Sherlock’s chest. Then: “Hang on, how did you know my name?”
“I have to go find John. That was no way to treat a friend.”
“Yes,” Mycroft actually appeared nauseated, “Father pointed out it would be… unfair of me to escape with the same excuse you could not use.”
you were after. No one ever thinks about the cabbie. Even to you I was just the back of an ‘ead.
He paused with his keys in the lock, registering the expected visitor in his peripheral vision.
“Sorry, does it sting? It shouldn’t, but I haven’t ever used these myself, so I don’t know what it feels like. I thought it’d be worth trying anything that might reduce your recovery time and the amount of time you spend laid up bored on the sofa and shouting for me to do all of your menial tasks.”
“Hello, Sherlock, I’ve brought—”
He paced around the desk as he spoke, forcing Arthur to turn like a swimmer watching a circling shark.
Two conflicting voices took up residence in his head. One of them insisted that it was early, but if Sherlock wanted to declare an end to the evening John could well walk him home. The other adamantly did not want the night to be over, wanted the chase to go on so he could keep feeling this way. They were in agreement on one thing. It had been a bloody amazing date, but it might be the only one he ever had if Sherlock invited him up for coffee and John said no because he wasn’t ready.
Like John he was a little older, a little grayer, middle-aged paunch ruining his fit rugby build. But the laugh lines paired well with the crisp suit, his tie a tad loose at the neck the way it’d always been when he had to wear one in uni. He was missing the fag tucked behind one ear, but his eyes were the same warm blue, and the sight of them sent a punch of nostalgia straight through John’s chest.
Well, the experience didn’t have to be a total waste. He could use it as a control, for how his normal response affected those who were interested in him. Sherlock was mid-conjecture on how to find and attract a similar individual and arrange an organic meeting capable of fooling Mycroft when the doctor finally spoke, words shocking Sherlock out of his own head like a bucket of cold water.
Jefferson Hope had just rolled from the recovery position onto his back, discovering his feet were tied in the process. He stilled, eyes darting to John before fixing on Sherlock.
She paused to turn the cup in her hands thoughtfully before setting it aside and looking up at him. For a second she wasn’t tired, bitter, struggling alcoholic Harry, but the older sister he’d known when they were children who’d always had advice for him when he’d needed it most. John stared in surprise and then—
“Name’s Jefferson Hope. Anyone you recognize?”
There was a hint of a laugh in John’s voice, but Sherlock didn’t even need to flip through his mental catalogue of observations about John to hear the laughter mingled with fond exasperation. Despite that his neck was now exposed to the cold air of the abandoned building, for some reason the sound of John’s amusement sunk like heat into his skin, warming him as if the heat pack had never lost its ideal temperature to another gray London evening and still rested over his neck.
John sat back and gave Sherlock’s bare chest a thorough inspection, ignoring Sherlock’s raised eyebrow until he was satisfied there wasn’t any more damage. Then he began digging in the part of the kit containing bandages and wrappings.
Sherlock kissed him again.
“Well how was I supposed to know? I wasn’t at home.”
“Did you see his watch?”
Lestrade walked in with Donovan as he was explaining the case.
“It’s up to you,” the cabbie shrugged, “mite more noble to be found sitting up than on the floor.”
His brother opened his mouth to reply and closed it, frustration creasing his eyebrows. Sherlock kept his face fixed in a scowl. Whatever it was, he was going to
I promise when I started this I was only thinking "How great would it be if Sherlock was crap at even pretend dating and John was STILL perfect for him?"
Sherlock stretched out again for the phone, and this time when John moved to give it up willingly he let his hand rest over the curve of John’s wrist instead of taking it.
“Shut
“Happy Birthday,” John said, setting a wrapped box on the kitchen table by Sherlock’s elbow.
Sherlock heard the downstairs door close and tensed before forcibly relaxing. The heat had just reached the point where it changed from a-little-too-hot to
“What?”
“More ridiculous than invading Afghanistan?”
Apparently Sherlock paid homeless people throughout London to spy for him. John asked if he used carrier pigeons too, and found himself in a serious conversation about the merits of various professions as informants, sure he’d never look at postal workers or lorry drivers the same way again. As John polished off his sandwich Sherlock finished a monologue about busking and fell silent, long fingers playing with his untouched water glass.
“It’s a colloquial expression, isn’t it? Kissing something to make it better.”
“If it was you, if you were dying, what would you say in your last few seconds?”
Like electricity switching over to a backup generator following a power surge, John’s military instincts came online in a flickering rush. With the triggering of his fight-or-flight instincts his growing suspicions solidified into certainty.
One-handed, John unwound the scarf from his own neck and draped it over Sherlock’s.
“He enjoyed himself, you know. He might have followed you anywhere if you had treated him a little more carefully. It has been how many years, and you still have not learned to be gentle with your toys.”
He blinked, about to tell John that his suggestion was hardly conducive, but Mrs. Hudson interrupted by appearing in the sitting room doorway.
The cabbie caught his eye in the rearview mirror, smile pleasant.
He hesitated at the identical buildings, but chose one and hurried over, peering to examine the door handle in the scant light. There was a glint of skin oils on the metal, fresh enough to indicate recent passage and consistent with his working theory that John was likely being coerced at gunpoint, which would place him in front of his kidnapper. Unfortunately, there was no easy way to find the exact room in the absence of any recent rains or John having trod in any recognizable sediment during their evening together. Sherlock backtracked to the stairs when he heard the sound of a cleaning trolley at the end of the hall, ascending a floor and peering into every lit classroom he passed.
Sherlock folded his arms under his head and settled in to wait.
No no no
capable of noticing when she’d done something wrong and changing her behavior to suit, though it was a lengthy process.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock!”
“You know what you need? A change. If women aren’t doing it anymore, you could always try men.”
His voice held the note of exasperation that meant this was not the first time he’d asked. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
That day John’s guilt had vanished comparatively quickly and since he’d been planning to go to the pub with a friend who Sherlock later identified as Lestrade, he’d decided John had yet again been reassuring himself that Sherlock wouldn’t be hurt on not being invited and subsequently dismissed the entire incident. Likely some of John’s behavior had been inspired by his evening plans, but perhaps—
And he strode off before John could say anything. He nodded a tight farewell, not about to tell Arthur they’d never discussed this before because John
Curiously, the man’s eyes also moved to measure the distance from his throat to chin, chin to nose, and nose to crown in a pattern that seemed at odds with his otherwise pedestrian appreciation of Sherlock’s features.
“I’m not certified or anything. Going through physical therapy after being shot made me interested in massage. I can’t give myself one, but offering her a back rub is about the only way to get Harry to forgive me after we’ve had a really awful row.”
“Come in, but don’t touch anything. I don’t think De Kleine gave them the answer they wanted.”
John flushed and gave Sherlock a sidelong look, visibly deflating.
. I’ve a sponsor. There’s money in murder, if you know where to look.”
“Neither of us are. Watsons are too stubborn and bullheaded to be cowards.”
As much as Sherlock felt sometimes in the thrill of the chase that he’d rather return to the time before having a blogger without the incessant nagging about eating and sleeping and tending to his wounds, he knew that the part of John that insisted on these things couldn’t simply be turned
Despite the sleek black car that had just parked Sherlock couldn’t resist a chuckle.
“I’m not your sniffer dog.”
Sherlock’s hand on his back evoked mixed emotions. It was strange and different to be the recipient of the gesture instead of the source, but for a proprietary gesture it was far less smothering than having had girlfriends drape themselves over him in the past. John had only a few seconds to examine his response before being introduced to Sherlock’s landlady, an older woman who treated Sherlock with all the affectionate aplomb of a mother on the occasion of her son’s first date.
“What- Afghanistan. Sorry, how did you…?”
with the Freak’s brother?” on the way out.
“So, what, ran afoul of a rival gang?”
“Sherlock,” Lestrade grumbled, “you can’t share details from a current investigation with your friends!”
“I’m not the one who keeps filling the flat with bee-related objects.”
Sherlock poured the chemical in his beaker into the waiting flask and jumped back with a hiss and a muttered curse when the flask shattered. His experiment was ruined now, broken pieces of glass spread across the kitchen table and floor while the chemicals dripped from a puddle over the edge of the table. He should probably clean that up before it ate through anything.
Sherlock returned before John could achieve the zen-like trance he’d seen avid museum-goers assume.
“I’m going to cut your jacket off; it’s ruined anyway.”
And John couldn’t let that go because Sherlock had planned this, made room in his work for John and intended to follow through despite whatever he was getting from the tense atmosphere.
“Not just that, but it’s harder for your body to break down, so there are fewer calories. It’s not processed, there are no preservatives, and—”
“I can assure you I’ve never once had a date end like this.”
Sherlock turned his mouth out of the cushion just enough to be audible.
John shrugged.
“Sherlock, didn’t you hear the bell? Your taxi’s here.”
“Ready to order, Sherlock?”
The doctor was dazzled by their destination—must remember his middle class sensibilities in future so as not to make him self-conscious—but overall Sherlock had high hopes for this case. Once he saw whatever had been left behind it would be easy enough to deduce the intent behind the message. It was a three,
The thoughts and subsequent plan came in a flash, barely more than a few seconds outside the privacy of Sherlock’s head. Unfortunately those few seconds had been more than enough for his brain to outstrip his mouth, which had let loose with the automatic deductions he made on being pestered by the next blithering idiot, the kind that rarely inured him to anyone. He snapped his mouth shut before he could vocalize the man’s uncertain sexuality, but that was little comfort with everything else he’d already said.
“Jennifer Wilson’s only daughter. She was stillborn.”
“Not exactly. He said he had a sponsor. Someone was
“You’re making excuses, John. What’s really wrong?”
anatomically correct bees.”
John had the grace to look embarrassed, but rallied quickly.
Sherlock didn’t reply, air escaping his teeth in a hiss when John’s unerring aim located a knot and started working away at it. After it was gone John switched to drawing gentle circles over the surface of Sherlock’s back to soothe the sting.
“John. You haven’t ordered yet. You needn’t wait for me, I’m not eating.” He shook his head at the waiter waiting for his drink order.
He herded a relieved John out of the shop and into a taxi as he made a mental note. If this lead didn’t pan out it would be better to investigate the shop alone and train John up as a proper distraction in future.
Sherlock summoned the smile he’d been wearing
Sherlock kissed him.
Christ, what a disaster. He was tempted to leave, but the damage had been done. Except when he tried to give John an out as he had with the Met John surprised him by clenching his jaw and spitting the word “friend” with a vehemence that implied anything but and dared Morstan to comment.
Very calmly, the cabbie raised the gun and pointed it at John.
a suicide. Jonathan De Kleine, Hong Kong Desk Head at Shad Sanderson. An intruder broke into the bank to leave a message for him, and he turns up dead less than two days later.
, Johnny,” she snapped, fingers tightening on the cup. “It was two weeks yesterday.”
“Don’t bother. The paramedics already disinfected it at the scene and it’s too small to need anything else.”
“Not particularly, no.” Sherlock agreed, distracted by a flash of movement on his periphery.
“All right,” John agreed, keeping his voice as bland as possible and hiding his expression behind another sip of his too-sweet coffee.
And to Sherlock's delight, John followed him willingly, cane and limp abandoned at the table with the remnants of their meal. He re-evaluated his estimation of Doctor Watson as a faux-partner while they chased the cab through winding London streets and up, over, and across rooftops. Perhaps the Internet was right and there was something to the “get-to-know-you” aspect of the First Date. The discovery that there might be more to John that initially observed made the failure of his lead more bearable.
“Does it consistently hold heat for around half an hour?”
“How about the fact his killer didn’t know how to reattach his prosthetic correctly?”
They stayed another hour, Harry insisting they needed to “strategize”—which mostly consisted of the two of them taking turns looking at the website Sherlock’s email linked to on John’s mobile, and John attempting to explain, when Harry asked, that being “deduced” hadn’t felt weird at all, quite the contrary actually.
it, my blood pressure would really appreciate it,” John growled as he unlocked their sitting room door.
“Starving.”
. The two situations were hardly analogous. Jennifer Wilson had been clever with her serial affairs, she would have been clever in this as well. What had the message
“And why this color?”
“I didn’t realize that barley had the capacity to conduct heat for that long.”
He started pacing again, dictating his thoughts aloud as he walked. John had been on the battlefield. John had nearly died, but he hadn’t been
bisexual, Johnny, and that’s not the same thing.”
Harry’s eyes narrowed at him, but she glanced away without speaking. Too exhausted from sleeping poorly to blow up at him, John thought. Best to follow her example and not dwell on it, then. Harry had made it as far as three months clean once before giving in, but the quickest way to make her lose her temper and ruin their tentative peace was to comment on her drinking.
“Yes, of course.” He pasted on a smile and tried to direct the conversation before the man went into poetics about her eyes or some nonsense.
“That... was amazing.”
He moved automatically to the kettle and was already taking down a second mug when Sherlock murmured affirmation. Shortly after, a steaming mug of tea appeared at his elbow, and Sherlock reached for it with a contented smile. Somehow, though Sherlock was well aware of how to make tea no matter how John complained, when he did it never tasted the same as the tea made by Mrs. Hudson or John.
John swallowed and fixed his gaze over Harry’s left shoulder. He wasn’t saying a word until Harry gave him more of a hint on what to say. They hadn’t talked about it in ages, but neither had forgotten John’s disapproval when Harry had chosen the bottle over Clara. The sibling truce they’d struck to agree to—and keep from yelling at each other at—their weekly meetups carried all sorts of unspoken rules and tacit agreements. One of them being that John wasn’t allowed to bring up Clara or the divorce, directly or obliquely.
“Ah. You weren’t his first choice. He brought you in after the financial crisis—wanted new blood to assure the shareholders something was being done. You’re competent and well-liked, but you weren’t always so careful and you know you can’t afford that now, don’t want him to remember it was supposed to be a temporary position. What did they leave? You contacted me instead of the police so the nature of the object isn’t as alarming as its presence.”
Sherlock fought to keep the annoyance from his face, only mildly pleased at the attention being paid to his plum shirt. The praise John had voiced at their meeting had been satisfactory, but the rest of the conversation lacking. This relationship would grow boring quickly if John Watson was only capable of gaping or babbling confused questions in return to everything Sherlock said. One would think a doctor who’d worked in Afghanistan might have a bit more steel to his spine.
“Not too far, not too far. Just ‘ere- open this one.”
(See the end of the chapter for
the same way Sherlock muted his own biological “imperatives.” And in the end he’d much rather have John by his side to badger and harangue than an empty flat and all the space in the world to experiment without complaint.
“I’m glad you like your present.”
John growled again, lower in his throat this time, and stalked inside without a word, leaving Sherlock to trail after him into the flat. But despite his anger, John returned quickly with their medical kit clutched in white-knuckled hands.
“I have been informed,” Mycroft said, forming the syllables in his mouth with infinite care, “of the logical fallacy of this belief. Mummy was displeased at my having shared it with you.”
Maybe he could transfer the honey he’d removed from the jar into a portable container. The tiny to-go packets generally on offer were too cloyingly sweet after the rich flavor of John’s local honey.
Sherlock waited impatiently for the microwave to finish, watching the yellow pack rotate on the internal turntable. John didn’t say anything during that time, but Sherlock knew he was paying attention from the desultory rate at which he turned the pages of his book.
“Phone, John.”
“Thanks,” John said through gritted teeth. “We won’t need it.”
John, who’d been hovering in the corner as the forensics team muddled about, looked up and said “What about the book that bloke just bagged? It looks like an appointment book.”
“Good,” she said, staring into her coffee cup rather than look at him. “I may have- Well, actually. I’m—I met someone.”
“Sorry, Johnny, I overslept.”
, Sherlock ‘What do you mean it’s broken, I’ve been walking on it for a week just fine” Holmes?
“You—”
“Whenever you’ve been interested in another man you’ve fallen hard and you’ve fallen fast, and it’s never worked out for you. You’re scared of that, of feeling that pain. Women have always been safer. But you’re my brother and whatever else you are you’re
“I need you to—” Sherlock propelled him into the office, nudging him back and forth until he was satisfied. “Stand- just here. Good. Don’t move.”
He registered the word “cab” like a drop of water falling into an over-full bucket, memories rippling outwards before spilling over the edges. He remembered his explanation of the case to John, the excitement and suspicion when the taxi pulled up outside Angelo’s and didn’t move, the annoyance at finding an over-cooked Californian in the back seat. The icon on his laptop left Baker Street.
“I’ll put the kettle on.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
of it?
“Give me your phone.”
“Look, it’s not about— It doesn’t have to be about bees, if that’s what bothers you so much. I was just trying to find something you’d accept and thought it’d work better if I started with bees.
in Mr. Right, you’ll be able to tell me I was wrong and that you’re one-hundred-percent straight. And I’ll let it go. I’ll never bother you about your sexuality again.”
Large, barely touched coffee table books on Chinese antiquities and famous palace gardens shared space with carefully pruned bonsai trees. The Chinese language newspapers and the stack of Mandarin-English dictionaries showed more use, and Sherlock smirked when he pulled the stub of a betting ticket from the entry for “园”. Gambling debts would explain why De Kleine was being threatened. Nothing in the fridge but Dutch pilsner. Bathroom almost as pristine as the kitchen. Clearly any time De Kleine had at home was spent with a watering can and a tiny pair of shears.
“John, I mean. I’ve never seen you as concerned over anyone as you were over him. He must mean a lot to you as a… friend.”
special, for all that Sherlock hadn’t intended to voice his conclusion aloud.
forgot your leftovers, Sherlock.”
John blinked in astonishment, mouth hanging open.
John didn’t say anything when he sat down on the other side of the small cafe table, only lifted the coffee Sherlock had bought him to his lips. Out of the corner of his eye Sherlock caught the expression of appreciative surprise when John found it was still warm, but didn’t look away from his view of the street. They sat in silence for long minutes before John grunted and began rummaging in his coat pockets.
One time Sherlock offered something for John’s health without being asked.
After mopping up the spilled chemicals and sweeping up the glass, Sherlock took off his safety goggles and made to remove his gloves before realizing that the thin trickle of fluid on his left hand was blood, not a chemical stain. His safety gloves were chemical resistant, but apparently hadn’t been thick enough to protect him from the shard of glass that was sticking out of his glove from where it had lodged in his hand.
“And I’m supposed to believe you? You’ve killed four people!”
John chuckled, hands reflexively squeezing Sherlock’s, and licked his lips.
detective only to ruin the whole thing.
“Goodness, Sherlock,” his voice held more sarcasm than the real Mycroft allowed himself, “whatever will Mummy say about this?”
Finally, after Sherlock’s entire body had been reduced to the consistency of overcooked pasta, John stopped.
at all. Blank faces greeted his declaration and Sherlock scoffed in disgust.
“So, have you had any luck with that? You know—” He leaned forward, feeling like he was in a bad spy novel but unable to keep himself from whispering. “‘Moriarty.’”
had he replaced all of the perfectly-serviceable plasters in his kit with children’s bee-patterned sticking plasters?
“It’s a barley heating pack patterned with anatomically incorrect bees.”
“Sherlock-”
“Er, well, it’s a bit over my head really. You said you could identify a person’s profession from details like their clothes or hands, and I’d have been doubtful if not for all those things you somehow knew about me.”
, no pretending or going in halfway. I’ll give you ten days, long enough for at least two dinner dates and maybe a lunch date. Your shortest relationship ever was Violet Smith and that was eight days, so you can’t say I’m being unreasonable. Especially because you usually wait until the third date before having sex.”
With a grunt of effort, Sherlock rolled himself over until he lay on his back. He steepled his fingers beneath his chin in mock-thought, lips twitching when John let out a loud snort.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but didn’t look away from the corpse.
“You like bees. You don’t like looking after yourself. I thought if I could associate the one with the other you might be more enthusiastic about it.”
gave them to me.”
Sherlock blinked in confusion at finding himself sprawled across the sofa on his belly and flipped himself over in a deft twist that kept his dressing gown from tangling up around him. He steepled his fingers together beneath his chin and stared unseeingly at the ceiling, certain that his favorite thinking position would help him find the answer.
“Oi! That’s enough, Freak.”
John wouldn’t touch the body before the Met arrived. Frustrating but, fine, they would work up to it. He would cave if the official response was too slow and time of the essence, Sherlock was sure. And John would need practice to be Sherlock’s assistant. His diagnosis, half a foot from the bed, was suicide, which was
, always doing the same thing and claiming their product was special. It was just writing, why was there so
The third time Sherlock used his heat pack in as many days John looked up from his laptop with a sigh.
“John,” Sherlock flexed his hand and watched the cheerful honeybees ripple with the movement, “with that said I have… a request, if you will.”
“You taste like peppermint.”
John knew Morstan, and the reunion wasn’t a happy one. From Morstan’s lack of recognition it had been years since their falling out. Couldn’t have been the military; Morstan didn’t have the bearing. Sherlock would have said ex-friends from university if he’d been looking at a picture of the two men instead of in the room with them. John’s rigid stance, his left fist shaking as he pressed it into his thigh, paired with Morstan’s obvious guilt, his inability to look at John longer than a few seconds—an idiot like Anderson might have guessed Morstan had cheated with John’s girlfriend, but this was something else entirely.
, Angelo.”
“So you really want me to…?” Suddenly unable to look Sherlock in the eye, John gestured at his still outstretched hands, but made no move to take them.
Lestrade hardly batted an eyelash when Sherlock burst through the sitting room door.
“John! Were you
Paradoxically her response put him back on even ground. His anxiety had nothing to do with what was between Sherlock’s legs. Meeting the family too soon in the relationship was always awkward, and Mrs. Hudson’s assumptions implied something completely different from Angelo’s innuendo.
John grinned.
Sherlock was about to stand anyway and put an end to the issue through physical distance, but John was leaning in close to him again, tongue peeking out of the corner of his mouth as he laid a plaster over the cut.
“I don’t use any of these things because of some tenuous connection to bees, John. I use them because
“Sherlock, I swear to God.”
What was the first thing Sherlock had said to him? That he worked unpredictable hours and might not always be available.
“Oh, Johnny, don’t back down
“Er, someone trading in Asia? Japan, maybe?”
“Is that what you do then? Barrister? I read your website but—”
John looked back at Harry. She was smirking. The man stalked towards the front of the cafe, apparently able to walk and text at the same time. John cursed and levered himself from his chair just as the other man reached the door.
His voice was too loud. Remembering what had happened with the police, he pasted a smile on his face and straightened his shoulders. Arthur could read whatever he wanted into that and did, eyes widening to look Sherlock over with too much intensity to be polite.
“Stop it! This is a crime scene! We can’t be laughing at a crime scene!”
“Is that… an anthropomorphized cup of tea drinking from another smaller, frowning, anthropomorphized cup of tea?”
“Who is she?”
Without waiting for a response he picked up the heat pack and went into the kitchen. Sherlock, fingers flying over his mobile, heard the opening and closing of the microwave door as John replaced the pack for the next time Sherlock wanted it.
“It- Just looks like graffiti to me, but there’s a hole in our security somewhere. Every door in the bank is logged in the system, and none of them opened the night of the break in. I’ll show you Sir William’s office in a moment, but here, you can see the security footage.”
When John finally arrived home he was stuffed to the gills with dim sum and too flushed to even think about sleep, despite having planned to go to the surgery early the next morning. He reached for his laptop in a flash of sudden inspiration and logged onto his blog, clicking through until he’d opened a new entry. Impulsively he typed in “Today I had a date.” and hit publish, refreshing his browser with smug satisfaction that maybe this would convince Ella he was finally moving on with his life and get her off his back.
“Shut
The murderous cabbie was on the ground, a growing bruise on his jaw evidence of how John had incapacitated him. John’s mobile and an unfamiliar wallet lay on the floor beside him. His legs were tied with scraps of John’s vest, as evidenced by the scattered remains of fabric. John had been in the process of restraining the murderer when he’d heard Sherlock’s running footsteps.
John continued his massage, Sherlock barely able to hear his scolding through the half-meditative state having John’s hands on his back always seemed to inspire. He was contemplating the idea of descending into his mind palace and using his current position as an opportunity for both a physical and a mental cleansing, when something about John’s words caught his attention.
“Frozen vegetables are
“Okay, try him.”
Even as his mouth opened and words spilled out Sherlock’s brain kept churning. The man’s eyes had dilated slightly the instant Sherlock had spoken, darting to his mouth before resettling on his eyes as dictated by societal politeness. But they didn’t remain there, roaming over the contours of his face, down his neck, back up to his mouth, only to return to his eyes.
“No. I shielded my head with my arms and they took the worst of the heat.”
Sherlock bolted from the taxi before it had completely stopped, flinging bills into the open passenger door as he went. The cab that had taken John was vacant and dark, but he wasted a few seconds peering into the interior with his phone light for confirmation. John’s cane and the takeaway were abandoned in the backseat, and in the front- a pink mobile sitting by the driver’s seat.
“You worked out the layout and eliminated the people who couldn’t see it from their desks?” That explained what he’d been doing while John stared at the Chairman's portrait, but not why he’d needed him to face the other way.
John paused in what was shaping up to become a massive lecture, which was a relief for Sherlock.
John giggled and immediately tried to stop himself, with little success.
John snorted.
“We could look into it,” John suddenly interjected, “after we finish our current case.”
It may not seem like it, what with the computer screen in the way, but your encouragement really does mean a lot to me and kept me struggling to finish this chapter despite real life constantly making things difficult.
“So you must have seen loads of interesting crimes. Thefts and violence, murders.”
“True. But consider that the efficacy of any object is based first of all on its availability.
“Where are you taking me?”
was the part of the conversation the other man took issue with.
“You could say that they’re legal bees.”
Sherlock paused in his note-taking when the downstairs door opened, waiting for Mrs. Hudson to enter her flat before picking up his purloined hair dryer. Instead of Mrs. Hudson’s softer tread shuffling into her rooms, equally familiar but less welcome footsteps started up the stairs to the second floor landing. Sherlock scowled and thumbed on the hair dryer, unwilling to listen to his brother’s lumbering steps in the misguided but ever optimistic hope that ignoring Mycroft would make him more likely to bugger off.
Even through the thick wool of his coat John could feel his warmth, the solidity of his muscles. John might have completely missed the presence of the police cars if Sherlock hadn’t drawn attention to them, and he was hardly any more coherent when his forgotten cane made a surprising reappearance.
“Sorry, your ‘Network?’”
John’s voice was long-suffering with exasperation. Sherlock cracked open an eye to glance at John and found him methodically rolling up his sleeves. Reassured, he closed his eyes and lowered his head.
The excitement shifted to worry, her eyes darting towards John, and that was all the confirmation Sherlock needed. There hadn’t been another- if Lestrade had been waiting for him the sound of voices would have attracted his attention immediately. No body meant they’d remembered the case and come to find it, which meant a “drugs bust” to search his flat. John was a doctor with an alcoholic brother; the last thing he’d want would be a romantic entanglement with a former junkie.
“Psychosomatic limp. Of
It was hard to say who was more shocked, but John recovered first and lowered the gun.
John sighed and Sherlock finally spared him a glance knowing they would be on the topic some moments longer before John would give his professional opinion.
“Baker Street.”
John was over the moon, adrenaline singing a familiar and much-missed siren song in his blood, up until Sherlock told him they were going to his flat and, more ominously, that he had “a point to make.”
Anderson’s head jerked up and he tried to hide the evidence baggie behind his back like a guilty child. Sherlock swooped in with a pleased smirk. Perhaps John needed less training than he’d anticipated, if he already knew to keep an eye on Anderson.
“It’s
“Try taking it easy—easier for once, yeah? It’d be a shame to have to redo all the work I just did on your back.”
She dumped her purse on a chair and went to order them each a coffee as was her usual habit after arriving late to their weekly meetings.
A university fling would not inspire that amount of guilt, and a man who’d lost the love of his life to another wouldn’t miss the wedding ring on his rival’s wrong hand. John wasn’t holding a grudge, he was nursing a hurt of a different sort. Sherlock didn’t need to test his dodgy leg or see the resigned defeat directed at himself to understand.
, not this again. How many times do I have to say that I’m
John finished covering Sherlock’s burns with the honey bandages and loosely wrapped them with plain gauze to protect them and prevent the honey from smearing before removing his gloves.
“—it’s you.”
“How did you—”
“Order more.”
“You’re forgetting the timing. Why leave it at eleven thirty-four at night?”
“I’m not asking you to kiss a weeping abscess, John. They’re already covered. Just a kiss over top will do.”
John smiled, small and bashful, and ducked his head over Sherlock’s hand to kiss the first of the plaster honeybees. The press of his lips was quick, hardly lingering before he moved on to the next plaster, but the warmth of the contact spread across Sherlock’s knuckles until his entire hand was tingling. John lifted his other hand to his lips and repeated the process until it too was flushed with heat.
Taking Sherlock’s chin in hand, he leaned down and kissed the bruise. When he drew back his cheeks had gone slightly pink. Sherlock smiled at him, utterly charmed.
He turned to deliver his instructions, but John was gone.
“So do your bruised ribs, John.”
The driver confirmed that he was waiting for Sherlock. John nodded and got in, giving his address and answering whatever the cabbie said in reply with a vague hum. He was loath to call the date a mistake because he’d had such a good time, but he hadn’t been fair to Sherlock.
Eventually John’s laughter faded into wheezing breaths. He sat up with one last chuckle, wiping moisture from the corners of his eyes.
“Mr. Morstan, I mentioned bringing an acquaintance in my email. This is my colleague, Doctor John Watson.”
John gave a surprised laugh and pressed the cold pack over his side.
“I get it. Everything’s different now. You can’t just do things the way you used to anymore.”
The answer he was searching for snapped into focus so quickly it left him reeling.
“Sorry to disappoint, but they don’t sell fabric with anatomically correct bees on it. Bee fabric is even rarer than fabric with anatomically correct humans on it.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. You know I don’t like touching other people.”
In the silence Sherlock looked at him. John appeared neither disgusted nor upset, and his hand—the same one he’d used to take Hope’s nonexistent pulse—was steady.
you had something for Arthur, that bloke you were friends with second year Uni. No one has a falling-out of that magnitude without there being more than friendship involved. Oh, and your commanding officer, Shorto or something? Maybe you two weren’t actually anything, but, Johnny, you should have
John’s impression of Sherlock was halfhearted at best, but the warmth in his face made it obvious Sherlock was in on the joke, not the target of it. Sherlock could see the scene from John’s perspective: The non sequitur of a mad dash after a cab containing a pop-eyed Californian rather than a cold-blooded serial poisoner.
“Otherwise, how have you been?”
resemble the bank message, if one made allowances for the spray paint’s lack of line variation. Having John stand in the Chairman’s office had been an excellent decision.
“And your takeaway,” he added, offering John a hand up. “After all the effort Angelo made bringing it to you.”
He thrust his burden into John’s hands and yanked John’s jumper up. John jumped, but didn’t try to stop Sherlock from pressing a gentle kiss to his already-purpling skin.
drive him off with doubts about the physical aspects of a homosexual relationship once he’d served his purpose.
“It was only a small explosion.”
Okay fine, he could admit Harry was right about this being a learning experience. John enjoyed the company of people who cared more about their passions than about being nice. He’d always been a bit bored of those people, to be honest, which explained the premature demise of several of his relationships. God, he was too old to be learning new things about himself. Ella had better not make that face where she pretended she wasn’t disappointed in him at their next session.
As usual, it was on the tip of Sherlock’s tongue to protest or to redirect John’s attention, but John was like a bloodhound when it came to Sherlock’s health. It might take days, it might take months, but if John found out Sherlock had lied to him about being hurt there would be hell to pay. It was better to let John have his way initially than to suffer the consequences of his stroppy moods later, which usually manifested as John refusing to fetch Sherlock things or make Sherlock tea and clouding Sherlock’s thoughts and the air in their flat with his sullen anger. Plus, John was always much more biddable immediately after Sherlock’s easy compliance. Sherlock very much preferred John smug with doctorly satisfaction at having patched Sherlock up than glowering in his chair and pointedly ignoring Sherlock.
“Definitely not meant for Sir William then?”
the danger, was eager to experience it vicariously through Sherlock. He re-ordered the probabilities in his head to find the data suggested a surprising conclusion.
There was an astonished silence, then John said “I know a man with a wooden leg named Smith,” and both Donovan and Lestrade snorted in surprise. Sherlock frowned in confusion, but whatever reference John had made broke the tension and they listened without complaint when he explained about the shoes being tied by two different people.
John snorted and, to Sherlock’s surprise, began to laugh—less a laugh and more an undignified giggle.
“If just once you could run
“And the name’s Sherlock Holmes.”
“Here,” he forced the mug into Sherlock’s hand, “drink this and eat the toast and then go to bed.”
“Honestly, I have no idea how.” John shook his head in bemusement. “Can’t say I’ve ever pulled a woman like that.”
“I thought there was a strong likelihood we might need them, and prepared accordingly.”
would be his loophole. A recently invalidated army doctor who’d just been convinced by his brother—likely a gay or bisexual older brother, supportive after having gone through the process himself—to try out his newly-acknowledged bisexuality on Sherlock was the
“You miscalculated, John.”
“I shall take my leave now,” Mycroft said, rudely interrupting Sherlock’s plotting. “Mummy has granted you a ten-day grace period. If your behavior has not changed by the end of that time, I will lock your account.”
Blackmail might have earned him points in their usual brotherly battle of one-upmanship, but with the rules of this game having been set by their parents Sherlock had limited options available to him. He could either find some loophole in Mummy’s edict that Mycroft had yet to discover—unlikely. Or—and Sherlock couldn’t believe how desperate he had to be to even consider this—he would have to succeed above and beyond anything Mycroft was capable of.
“Are we still following the murderer?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, bemused that
He stood and collected his umbrella from the stand by the door, pausing on the landing to look at Sherlock over his shoulder.
me to do something for your health?
John faced forward again, glad he didn’t have to see Arthur without Sherlock there as buffer. From this close the paint looked like something from the walls of the Tate Modern, one long seemingly continuous line that doubled back on itself several times and was further obscured by the drip trails from the wet paint.
“Exactly. My hypothesis was two-fold. First, that you notice fluctuations in my health much more quickly than even concerns of a more practical nature, such as when you’re about to run out of pants.” He ignored another sputtered exclamation from John. “And second, that my own reaction to your attention is skewed in your favor.”
“The door was locked from the inside!” Anderson shouted through the door.
The word count on this is already getting out of control.
“What
“They’re both poison, only you have the antidote.”
“Your dedication in replacing all of the plasters in your kit with children’s honeybee plasters suggests otherwise.”
John was blushing and wouldn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock glared at Angelo. He’d hoped the point with the cane would have been enough to overcome
“Doctor Watson, may I present the Met’s finest.”
“That was a bit like on the telly, wasn’t it?”
Harry had to pick the poshest bloke in the place, looking like a runway model as he stood at the counter waiting for his order. John grimaced and turned back to tell Harry that a woman who dressed like that was out of his league, much less a man, but she was staring at him with a skeptical expression straight out of his childhood. As if there hadn’t been enough deja vu in the conversation already, it was the exact face she’d always used when she thought John was being particularly stupid and, bloody hell, he could already feel his jaw tensing as he rose to the challenge.
“Hang on, really, Sherlock! I didn’t get you this to
He ducked away with a whirl of coat and John turned to see him leave the room, Arthur looking after him in bemusement.
“Or, at least, you’re not entirely correct, which amounts to the same thing.”
When John didn’t reply he curled up his hands and pulled them back, feeling stung in a way that had nothing to do with his abraded knuckles.
Harry raised an eyebrow and sat back in her chair.
Tomorrow, definitely.
The barley heat pack he’d almost rejected based solely on its ridiculous design, but it had lead him to explore the heat retention quality of grains in far greater detail since the abortive explosive flour experiment of a few years back and— Fine. Being tall meant frequently bending and crouching and leaning down to examine things. He’d grown used to ignoring the neck strain this sometimes caused, but John’s thoughtful gift meant he didn’t have to, and John was certainly pleased that Sherlock was purposely seeking out relief rather than brushing aside the concerns of his transport.
“There’s nothing about the
John looked at him, still smiling.
, Sherlock. They’re not just convenient cold packs, they can be eaten. The only thing in here is barley packs and—” He squinted at several tupperware containers before slamming the door. “And things that really shouldn’t be eaten. What happened to that stew Mrs. Hudson gave us? I was saving that—”
The palm of his hand was covered in small cuts, slivers of glass glinting in several.
Sherlock flashed a grin before zeroing in on a pretty young woman who greeted him and introduced herself as their guide. They were led past a cubicle farm of busy people making phone calls in various languages to a corner office, the woman knocking and poking her head in before gesturing them through.
A problem like this called for nicotine patches, but Sherlock was unwilling to get up now that he’d settled down. Instead he began reviewing each gift as they’d been given to him, his reception of them, and John’s subsequent reactions.
Despite his limp muscles, he managed to turn his head so he could see John out of the corner of his eye. John was flushed and slightly out of breath from the exertion, but obviously quite pleased with himself for the effect he’d had on Sherlock.
at sociability. She has neither a desire to separate you from your Work, nor to force you into any truly undesirable interaction. You might try elevating your professional relationships at New Scotland Yard into actual friendships, joining a society where you can debate with actual physical human beings rather than lambasting anonymous persons of limited intelligence on the Internet, or,” a small, nearly invisible shudder, “dating.”
Rendered speechless twice in the same conversation was a new and unpleasant experience for Sherlock. He would have liked to goad Mycroft into revealing the contents of Mummy’s chastisement if he’d thought it possible, but Sherlock was a genius not a magician. Mycroft looked like he was at the end of his rope for the very first time since they were children.
“—the serial suicide case?”
“You’re right! A
“Take a seat.”
“Mummy is… concerned.”
Instead everything had been slightly, incomprehensibly
Arthur shrugged and gestured behind him, but Sherlock shook his head.
, recently returned and interviewing for jobs. Sherlock’s eyes flicked to the cane again before re-examining the other man. Oh, interesting.
“Right. Right, yeah. And he wasn’t a very nice man, was he?”
He plucked a smaller, bee-patterned cold pack from the freezer and shut the door. John opened it again.
“No,” John said, and Sherlock nodded without looking at him.
“What is it? You can’t breathe?”
, there—there he was, sitting at a table in the back with another similar blond head. Frustratingly the other person's back had been to Sherlock the entire time, sitting behind another patron at such an angle that he'd not even glimpsed a hint at a profile or what the probable sibling had been wearing.
Sherlock led him into the expansive lobby of a bank and up an escalator, darting to speak to the woman at the front desk while John stared in awe at all the glass and chrome, then beckoned him impatiently.
He coughed again, harder this time, raising a hand to his mouth as his head jerked with the force. Sherlock was on the cusp of ordering John to find some water—
He might have snarled at Mycroft’s calm response if his brother hadn’t paled as he’d spoken, eyes darting to the left for just a second as if imaging the dire fate with which Mummy, likely with creative input from Father, had threatened him.
things to wear for a first date, thank you, John realized it had been the most pleasant meeting he’d had with his sister in a long, long time. Maybe it was the fact that he’d finally agreed to follow Harry’s advice about his love life, or the fact that they’d both been honest about their fears instead of growing defensive and snapping the way they always had in the past. Optimistically, John chose to chalk it up to both and went home to kill the remaining few hours before he’d need to get ready, buoyed even further when Sarah called to offer him the job and asked if he’d be able to come in the next day to fill out some paperwork.
With such a stellar track record he'd fully expected John to end their acquaintance the moment he was freed. Realistically, saving John was only meant to reassure Mummy and Mycroft that he wasn’t so incapable of normal human interaction as to get his date kidnapped and poisoned. A second date was extremely unlikely.
“Gay? You’re at least a
Everything was warm and hazy and smelled comfortingly of lavender oatmeal.
“Tender,” Sherlock corrected, but the way he winced when John found a particularly sensitive spot gave him away.
Royal jelly and propolis, read the tube, along with various plant oils and peppermint for flavoring.
Sherlock paused, went back over the path of deductions he’d followed to reach that point. It was a likely solution, but he’d need to run tests to be certain, as it was useless to theorize without all the data.
“Hold still and let me see the damage. I know you were shamming for Greg and the paramedics, but you did a good enough job of it you can’t have been hurt too badly.”
Sherlock wrote an observation in his logbook without looking up.
John blushed.
What was the protocol for this situation? If Sherlock were a woman he’d know what to do, what words to say to defuse into a peck on the cheek to indicate interest in something long-term, a desire to wait and see what happened. Then again, if Sherlock were a woman would John be debating this right now?
Give me a name!”
a control, then.
“Right, so you do this for a living. You’re a- a private detective...?”
regularly assist on cases, and made to follow Sherlock.
John sounded insufferably smug at his success, and Sherlock ignored him. Let John believe himself right too often and soon he’d be expecting Sherlock to eat every day or to get more than a few hours’ sleep on a regular basis, which was both unacceptable and impossible.
Before Sherlock could come up with a response—useful, as Sherlock wasn’t sure he should say that it would be advantageous for John to be kidnapped at their meetings, provided the kidnapping was like this one in which John was never in any real danger, exercised his soldierly instincts, and satisfied his addiction to danger all while taking a serial murderer off the streets—there was a cough from the direction of the floor.
2) I'm also not an expert in Chinese calligraphy or Chinese art of any kind, and beg the pardon of any thus-inclined readers for any mistakes you see is this and the next chapter.
So when Sherlock finally swept in several minutes later, John was a bit of a nervous wreck and fully regretting how taking Harry’s advice had led to him sitting in a restaurant sweating like a barely-pubescent teenager on a first date.
“John, I need another!”
Hardly daring to move, Sherlock tilted his head up in a wordless demand. John’s flush grew deeper, but he didn’t release Sherlock’s hands which he was still holding. Glancing from  Sherlock’s eyes to his lips, he swallowed.
” Harry shrieked, inappropriately loud for the middle of a weekday afternoon, and lunged for John’s phone. “Bloody hell, Johnny, I can’t believe you picked up Mr. Posh. Three Continents Watson, indeed.”
John wasn’t the most scintillating of conversational partners, venturing guesses on the whos, whys, and hows that showed imagination with no particular reasoning ability and inevitably needed to be corrected, but Sherlock approved of his interest in The Work and his admiration for Sherlock’s deductive skills. He’d been assured by the Internet that first dates were an opportunity to “get to know one another,” and as he already knew everything of note about Doctor John Watson, late of the Royal Army Medical Corps, it made sense to talk about his own life instead. If he
John sighed and sat down on a table. In the ensuing silence Sherlock went over the case in his mind, charting its progression before his involvement, and then including the point John entered the picture. What was it? The picture on the taxi’s dashboard, the contents of the wallet- Why did he feel as if there was a loose end somewhere? An accomplice- a
After the timer went off he snatched the heat pack and retreated to his bedroom, waiting until after the door was shut before settling it over his shoulders.
John’s hands moved from the base of his neck up into his hair, then slid forward to gently rub at his temples. Sherlock let his eyes fall closed, utterly uncaring that he’d have to redo his experiment.
Again he waved the bee-plastered hand to illustrate his point.
"'Finest massages on three continents.'"
Lestrade sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.
“So,” John eyed the security turnstiles as they passed, “bank robber?”
Sherlock’s smile didn’t reach his eyes. John hurriedly reached for his tea and burnt his tongue. The waiter was still hovering, awkward at the shift in mood, and John placed his order anxious to save the conversation.
John made a noise highly reminiscent of a whistling teakettle.
They both broke down into breathless, gasping laughter. John was slumped on the floor next to the sofa, hunched over the cushions as he giggled into the fabric. Sherlock could feel the heat of his head soaking into Sherlock’s hip where it was pressed and had the sudden urge to run his hand through John’s sandy hair, to catch his attention and see the mirth suffusing his face. Mentioning criminals had triggered an associated desire to check his phone, but Sherlock decided that he was too relaxed to care. Any crimes interesting enough to tear him away from John in this moment would be too complicated for the police to solve on their own anyway.
The man she’d selected looked up from his mobile seconds before the barista appeared and swiped for his drink before she could call his name.
“Can’t be too many De Kleines in the phone book.”
Despite his words, Sherlock made no move to take off the heat pack.
“No, Harry. I’m not gay, and I don’t want to talk about this anymore—”
“Yes, and it can also be put in the freezer for use as a cold pack to
The other man paused it whatever he’d still been saying, mouth gaping in surprise.
“He always takes them to empty buildings, but there are far too many vacant construction sites and poorly-guarded offices in London to predict where he will go. Best catch him, dear brother. I shudder to think what will happen to the unfortunate Doctor Watson if you don’t.”
. She’d made her point by asking him how he’d feel if taken to the cinema for what he thought was a case, only to be shown a movie instead, even if it was an IMAX about Jack the Ripper. He was increasingly glad he hadn’t picked Molly for this scheme as she was much cleverer than he’d given her credit for and he would be sorry to lose her assistance. Additionally, her crush had apparently given her insight into his character that might have foiled the ruse, insight that a stranger like John lacked.
cowards?”
“Oh, Christ,” John interrupted, “are you really still on about the bees? Let’s talk about your lack of self-preservation instincts instead, specifically your willingness to engage a bloke with a great big knife in a fistfight.”
John grinned, hands balling into fists at his sides.
He sat and typed something into his computer, reaching out to place one of his picture frames face-down as John rounded the desk. Clenching his jaw, John ignored the other picture and told himself to focus as Arthur showed them the yellow spray paint appearing over the Chairman’s portrait in the sixty second gap between the camera’s sweep. After Sherlock had looked his fill Arthur took them across the trading floor to the office so they could see the graffiti in person. Sherlock immediately started taking pictures as John stared at the unintelligible squiggle, painfully aware of Arthur standing nearby.
Sherlock felt a familiar thrill in his stomach and the buzz of satisfaction at being able to get John, exhausted though he was, to smile, and resisted the urge to grin himself. Pleased with yet another confirmation of his hypothesis, Sherlock looked up ready to give the answer he’d deduced while waiting for John to return, and found Lestrade glancing between them with narrow-eyed suspicion. That was unacceptable. He didn’t need Gareth saying something to John and mucking up Sherlock’s experiment before he’d finished.
“Freezer,” he said, and went to go get the medical kit.
“No, Harry, what-
“Give me a fake number?” He shrugged and took back his mobile to show Harry the email address. “But why go to the effort of giving me an email if it’s fake?”
Thinking of the other man reminded him of Sarah’s suggestion to try his hand at writing. For the first time ever he was excited to go back to his bedsit—more so realizing he could afford to move with his new job—and spent the rest of the day typing up a blog entry about his date. Harry called during dinner and, conscious that Sarah knew more about his date than the sister who’d set him up, he told her about the blog.
Sherlock sat up again, this time in fury.
Was it really that simple? Obvious! Of
“There. Will you need any help dressing?”
decorated with honeybees in his hand, “‘better circumstances’ would mean not using these at all.”
“That’s not ‘ow this game is played.” The cabbie waggled his gun chidingly. “But I suppose you ‘eard all about it from Mr. ‘olmes, did you? Well, I’ll tell you, since you won’t live to tell
In the sitting room he was interrupted by Mrs. Hudson’s familiar greeting and the appearance of the woman herself, preceded by a loaded tea tray.
“Two minutes, thirty seconds.”
Over the doctor's head Sherlock saw a security camera a block down turn deliberately from its view of the street to point in their direction. He almost scowled at Mycroft’s less-than-subtle meddling, but then an idea struck him, as perfectly brilliant as any of his deductions.
“You can see the security logs for the doors yourself.”
Sherlock glared at Donovan, impatient. This was usually the point Lestrade stepped in to separate them and told him to stop antagonizing his team and get on with it, but the DI was looking in the direction of the body and not paying attention. Donovan noticed the lack of backup and jabbed Lestrade with her elbow.
John grabbed a quick sandwich after fleeing the clinic, then went for a walk to get his head on straight. He could admit that Sherlock was attractive and brilliant and anyone would be lucky to have him and John really liked him, but the mental image of the two of them going about holding hands in public filled him with a petrifying shame. Sarah had been supportive when she could’ve given him hell for dating a man instead of her, and Harry wasn’t going to throw the first stone, but, god, he was relieved their parents were gone because they hadn’t been happy when she came out.
“I’m not sure how you tested that, but I guess I shouldn’t be surprised you did. If you like it when I take care of you, why do you make such a fuss about it?”
Sherlock snorted in surprise, unable to hide the way the corners of his mouth turned up at John’s awful pun.
Sherlock reached into his dressing gown pocket and found the tube of beeswax lip balm. He applied a thin coat to his mouth, relishing the spread of it as he pressed his lips together, and smiled.
The way she looked over John as they shook hands was not at all subtle. John shifted nervously on his feet and pulled out of Sherlock’s grasp.
The shop they located was disarmingly filled with kitschy souvenirs, but he didn’t miss how the shopkeeper placed herself in front of the back room when they came in. He was pretending to inspect a row of lucky cats while he formulated a plan when he ran into a motionless John, staring in rapt concentration at a cheap wall scroll.
He startled when John picked up both of his hands and held them in his own.
Lestrade hadn’t opened the notebook he used to jot down Sherlock’s deductions and his gaze was fixed on the wall above the bed with unwarranted intensity. Even Donovan found this behavior peculiar, and was squinting at her boss in confusion. Sensing their combined stares, Lestrade tensed and his shoulders began creeping towards his ears before he remembered himself and straightened them—embarrassed and hiding his face to avoid being deduced.
“You’re not Mr. Sherlock ‘olmes, are you?”
“So then you probably know something about—”
His brother’s steps sounded on the stairs and the door opened.
“You’ve had a break in,” Sherlock prompted when the silence stretched too long, and John was spitefully pleased when Arthur flushed at the slight against his professionalism.
gave them to me, and I like knowing that you notice me.”
“Word of advice, mate: Don’t threaten an army doctor with a fake gun.”
“Pretty hang in home. I think your wife, she will like!”
“Er. You’re not?”
“Mrs. Hudson, you’re right.”
“Widower. Wedding band on his right where he can see it rather than on a chain suggests it was recent but not more than a decade. Daughter was statistically more likely from the attempt at flowers on the ceramic cat desk ornament, confirmed from the pictures.”
“You actually… you
Whatever busybody business for which Mycroft had come calling clearly made him uncomfortable. He waited nearly a full thirty seconds standing in the doorway to the sitting room after saying Sherlock’s name at a normal volume before raising his voice to be heard over the hum of the hair dryer. For him to lose his temper even to that degree over imparting news that distressed him was incredibly telling. Not government business then. Sherlock was even more inclined to ignore him, but considering the likeliest source of Mycroft’s information it would be prudent to get it over with as soon as possible.
him to kill all those people! Can you believe it?”
“Not now, Mrs. Hudson!”
“You’re wrong,” he said as John rubbed antibiotic ointment into his scraped knuckles.
“This is just- This is ridiculous, Harry. I don’t know the first thing about picking up a man. What am I supposed to do?”
