It lights up immediately. Pages curl, blacken, and crumble away into almost invisible ashy flakes within seconds. The pyre burns with it, albeit a bit more slowly, and Dean and Cas watch as Chuck’s hazy fever-dream of an ideal ending breaks apart, and starts to drift away in the gentle, cool breeze.
Dean huffs. “What a dick.” He sighs and blinks away the last of his tears. He pulls a knife out of his jacket——old, paranoid habits are proving more useful than they should be——flips the blade to his palm, and holds the handle out to Sam.
Making doubly sure that the breaks are on, Dean turns the car off, and tries to catch his breath. He shivers, despite the heat of the ‘day,’ and unclips his seatbelt.
It takes all of seventeen seconds for Chuck to appear after Sam scratches off one of the sigils.
It’s one of the only things that he’s good at.
They like hiding more than anything, it seems. Dean almost feels bad about going after them, when all they appear to want is to be left alone, but that sympathy disappears the second its den comes in sight.
He gently sets down the now empty container, and holds his hand up. Dean tosses Cas a lighter, which he catches with practiced ease. He flicks the striker, and a small orange flame appears. Then he catches Dean’s eyes, and drops the lighter onto the book.
“You’re
Maybe Dean should have told Sam what he was going to do before he was five minutes away from disappearing into the mouth of the empty, possibly never to be seen again.
He’s not talking much either, and seems kind of out of it, but he’s… he’s still Cas. Still here. Alive.
“I need to tell you something,” he says after he pours boiling water into Mary’s mug.
Sorry, y'all.
Still, he can’t shake the feeling that someone is watching him.
Silence settles over the room like a heavy fog.
Dean has Cas. He has his angel back.
He blinks again.
“Something’s there,” Sam whispers. He has one hand on his gun, and his entire body is tensed——ready for battle. The only difference between him and Dean is that Dean has his hand on an angel blade rather than a gun.
Gunshots ring out: one, two, three, and Dean can see where they strike the ophiotaurus, but they don’t appear to do much damage. In retaliation, Dean slams the angel blade up in a wild guess at where the thing’s torso is. He hits home, and blood gushes everywhere.
“You guys want to come inside?” Dean asks.
Dean stands up——god, he’s shaking so hard that Cas can see it, even in the near darkness——and takes a few small steps forward. Dark purple-blue marks have already started to form around his neck.
(Besides, it’s not like they have any other options.)
MORE!
He can’t.
Cas’ expression drops. “You’re not going to leave me because of her, are you?” He doesn’t sound angry (he should). Just worried. Worried on Dean’s behalf.
The ophiotaurus howls, and falls limp over Dean. Its horns barely miss Dean’s head as they spear into the ground, and there’s a horrified shout from Sam before he realizes that his brother is okay.
He steps over Sam again, and glances at the clock as he walks over to the grimy window. 10:30 at night. Not exactly morning, but whatever. At least Dean needs to pay attention to time now, because he’s
One doesn’t exactly get tired in Purgatory, but Dean feels like he’s losing energy by the second. Every step seems to make his limbs heavier and heavier, but he ignores it. What matters now is finding the door back and, by default, earth.
Stupid kid. He should have known better, because now Chuck was going to smite the little shit so hard that there wouldn’t be any of him left for Heaven and the empty to fight over. But, like all ‘Winchesters,’ Jack was stubborn, and steadfastly refused to die when Chuck insisted he needed to, or shut up when he was asked.
Still, for all his looking, Dean is still coming up blank. But maybe that’s more because his vision keeps going fuzzy than for a lack of the entrails being there. He blinks, and everything goes a weird, glitchy grey-red.
Dean’s head is suddenly too numb to finish his thought. A weird, spicy-fuzzy heat runs though him, and he shudders.
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean pleads. One of his hands comes up to cup Cas’ tearstained cheek. “Say something.” He brushes some of Cas’ tears away with his thumb. “I gotta know if you’re okay.”
Dean is so,
Sam sits back against the cabinets again, the fight gone from his body. “No.”
Cas has tears in his eyes when Dean looks up. Tears of happiness, Dean realizes. Only this time, they’re not tainted by the impending presence of both the empty and Death. Cas wipes his eyes, and tries to stop the tears, but his the tears don’t stop, and he just ends up spreading the wetness further across his cheeks. He curls into himself and covers his face with his hand in an attempt to hide his tears, and bites his lip to avoid the miserable, but slightly relieved sobs that threaten to spill over.
Dean gives his brother fifteen minutes to get as many people out as he can.
Dean takes a deep breath, unclenches his fists, and let’s the anger flow like water through a river. He’ll break things, wake people up, make the Shadow mad. Then it won’t have any choice but to let Dean take Cas and——
“What’s this?” Dean asks, tilting his head towards the alcohol. That bottle had been nearly full, if Dean remembers right. And with Cas’ low alcohol tolerance... Jesus. He’s probably absolutely smashed.
Cas is standing awkwardly in the middle of the room, trench coat shucked and held bunched in front of him. His tired eyes sweep over the room again and again, like he’s trying to memorize every bit of the room. Like he’s trying to assure himself it’s all real. Every inch of his body is taut with the tension of worry——fear, even. That emotion——fear——makes Dean’s chest pinch. He doesn’t want Cas to be scared.
Cas freezes, suddenly terrified that he is going to somehow hurt Dean just by existing near him. Dean doesn’t mention it, though. He just stands there, real and solid, and holds Cas until Cas begins to cry.
He had been so wrong.
“I——I don’t know what I want.”
And once it does, Dean can’t stop crying. He had thought that Cas was getting better. He had thought they were finally out of the woods. That Cas knew he was safe and loved and that this was
“That bad?” Eileen asks.
Sam nods slightly. The desperate, almost broken look on Dean’s face scares him, and he remembers something Dean had said a few minutes ago, which worries him further.
It was clear that something in the deepest part of their makeup was broken, or corrupted. It had to be corrupted. Chuck doesn’t write mistakes into his creations anymore. He’s learned since Castiel.
Dean steps carefully to the edge of the fast-running stream, and starts walking along it. Eventually, they should come across a lull in the rapid current, and that’s the place that the ophiotaurus should be. Emphasis on
“Chuck.”
of his heart fade into the background against the harsh ringing of the phone.
“If he was gone, why did our lives go the way they did?” Dean asks. “You married some chick whose name you can’t remember, got out of the life to ‘honor me,’ and I——I don’t even know how I died, Sam!” Dean can’t keep his hands steady. “I don’t——I don’t know how I died. C-C-Cas won’t see us, and I can’t stop driving!” Tears track their way down Dean’s cheeks and cut lines through the dried blood on his face as he speaks. “I can’t talk about this. I
Every day, Dean wakes up, makes breakfast to create the illusion that he’s okay, and then promptly spends the rest of his time attempting not to completely mentally break, and chugging whiskey like it’s the only thing he can keep down. (And at this point, Chuck has rewired Dean’s system to drive him back to alcohol so many times that it might very well be one of the only things Dean can digest without throwing up.)
wrong, there are knives in the kitchen that Dean can use if he needs to. He needs to stop worrying so much. The bunker is one of the safest places in the world, and Cas can take care of himself.
Dean is once again covered in sigils, and this time, he’s armed to the teeth. If the sigils still work, he (and Sam, who is also slathered with various squiggles and Enochian characters) should be hidden from Chuck.
Cas blinks up at Dean, his eyebrows pinched together in worry. “Dean, what’s happening?”
at that.
A huge smile breaks out across Dean’s face. “I missed you,” he says quietly, like he’s scared he’ll break the illusion if he speaks too loudly, and considering the way that the Shadow has ended illusions before, it’s a possibility.
“You want to do the honors?”
Is Purgatory even technically outside? Dean shrugs the question off and concentrates on pushing forward.
Cas reaches out, takes the blade, and carefully slits his own throat. White-blue light oozes from the cut, and he chokes on it. Spitting turquoise brightness, Cas drops the blade, where it sinks into the dark without so much as a splash, and lurches into Dean.
Cas squeezes. Dean’s hands scrabble at Cas’ in a feeble attempt to dislodge Cas, but it’s futile. Dean is tired, and he’s been caught off-guard. It’s a fatal combination.
Jack knows that he should give his family’s resilience more credit, but he’s worried that Chuck is going to break them for good. He had very nearly shattered Dean completely before he had decided that Dean wasn’t necessary to the story and killed him. As of now, Jack doesn’t know how Sam and Dean are doing, but if their mental states from the last time he had seen them were any indicator, it can’t be good.
“Cas? You’re shaking. Hey, Cas, what’s wrong?”
Sleep is the only relief Dean gets from his ever-racing thoughts, but even then it’s scattered hours, usually either broken by a nightmare or the need to throw up the two-and-a-half bottles of whiskey that finally let him pass out.
He tries to speak, and even though it’s a pitiful attempt that would most likely yield nothing of substance, Chuck fuses Dean’s jaw shut until he can’t even
Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated, especially in this economy :p
Circle.
Instead of being what what Cas had believed he was, Dean has become the thing he hates the most. He’s nothing but anger, pain, and horrible, dark power. Time and time again, Dean has fucked up and broken and ruined things (
Somewhere in Heaven——both Dean and Sam have long since lost track of where——there’s a tree. Huge, wide, and rotted through the center. A hole in the trunk is just large enough for Sam to squeeze through. It’s what the scrying spell had shown them, and they run through it without a second thought.
Cas is laughing. Hysterical, unhinged laughing that doesn’t stop until Dean shakes him out of it with a worried look.
Even a fake, dream-Cas that makes Dean wake up in tears is better than Dean shivering on his unused bed in his useless room in the bunker, clutching a bloodstained jacket against his heaving chest and trying his hardest not to destroy it because it’s all he has left of Cas.
If that’s what it takes to keep Cas clean, Dean can do it. If he need to learn to talk about his feelings and practice
“You’re real?” Cas asks, stepping into the room. His words shake, but he manages to get them out all the same.
actually a djinn’s poison that did the work). They’re his favorite characters——some of his most treasured, entertaining creations——why wouldn’t he want them to be happy?
Sam nods, and starts searching for kindling. Dean looks at the monster and contemplates what exactly his next course of action is going to be.
Cas hasn’t felt this calm in a long time.
He still manages to smile and wave weakly.
Dean’s hands are on Cas’ shoulders now, lightly, like he’s scared of hurting Cas. It’s almost funny, considering that the Shadow couldn’t be happier about Cas hurting. Cas wonders why it’s bothering to drag this out.
Cas is shaking him. Dean can’t seem to bring himself to care.
its name——one last disappointed look before walking over to Cas. “You remember that book that Charlie sent us a few days ago?”
Than again, most of Sam’s memories seem pretty spacey and weird, so anything is possible.
——if he can take back control of his body that he can most likely eject Chuck. Or, at the least, he can weaken him enough so that someone can kill them both.
He trips backwards over his feet, and is out like a light the second he hits the floor.
the whole thing is ridiculous, but Dean can’t stop the tears. At least he manages to stay quiet enough so that Mary doesn’t hear him.
Dean thinks absently.
That’s just a day in the life of a Winchester, though. Death around every corner, sometimes literally. Sometimes she’s banging on the door, ready to kill you and one of the only people you’ve ever loved, just because you couldn’t kill her first.
They always have, and always will.
Dean, on the other hand...
Dean mentally recoils at the name. “I’m
“I’m sorry,” Sam says, trying to catch Dean’s eyes.
At this rate, he’ll be dead again by the end of the week.
Dean sits, chugs the water Sam shoves his way, and makes a valiant attempt to choke down whatever the fuck that Sam has scalded beyond edibility.
*shuffles in*
However, staying detached from the Winchesters is easier said than done when Dean won’t leave Cas alone.
“Dean, where is this going?”
He’s a fucking nightmare is what he is, and he can’t believe anything but that, no matter what the remainder of his family tells him. No matter what they assure him of, or how many of Dean’s (painfully true) words they deny, Dean knows the truth. He knows what they think——or what they should think, anyway——and can’t understand why they bother talking to him anymore.
So Chuck decides to do what any rational person would, and makes plans to kill Dean.
Fuck it, he’s already told Cas that he loves him. “I could keep watch if you need me to,” Dean adds.
Have you... have you ever wanted to fight god? Because the Winchesters sure have, and they're fuckin' gonna.
He’s... he’s trying, damnit. He’s trying so hard to find anything they haven’t already tried to death (in some cases, literally), but killing god isn’t a subject with much reliable information to call upon. That’s probably intentional on Chuck’s part, now that Dean thinks about it. He smacks his head against the table he’s sitting at, and doesn’t bother raising it again. Anything that they have against Chuck is probably fake, anyway.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean murmurs, raising his hand, and pulling Cas’ hand away from Dean’s neck. He steps away, and lets go of Cas’ hand. Dean clears his throat, and winces. “You’re back, and that’s what matters.”
Chuck can only hope it lasts, too, because Jack has made himself known, and that means that he has started whining again. Even though he’s pitifully weak compared to Chuck, he’s
And Dean has been trying to ignore the date for the past week because of this specific reason. It had been a good day, probably one of the best damn days of Dean’s life, but that didn’t mean that the results of that Dean made up for everything that had happened along the way. Getting Cas back couldn’t have been a bigger win, but the days prior to that are something that Dean hates to think about for too long, and flat-out refuses to speak to anyone but Cas and Sam about. The first couple days after weren’t all sunshine and rainbows either, what with Cas going into shock due to the removal of his grace, and the general disarray that the universe had thrown itself into after Chuck’s death.
Dean finds a spell. It’s nowhere near as safe as he would prefer, but it’s enough.
Dean can’t deal with the dark after those dreams, so he turns the flashlight on his phone on, and lays on his mattress until his heart stops pounding. After that, he usually walks out to the kitchen and fixes some tea or coffee. Coffee makes the panic worse, so Dean usually goes for tea. Mint.
but I’m sorry, Cas. I’m so, so sorry——“
Dean immediately looks up, and tries to cover his face with his hand. Cas is standing in the doorway, looking worried and confused. Dean waves weakly.
Okay I’m late again and idk what the fuck happened to linear time in this chapter but I think it’s understandable well enough so here we are
“No shit.” Dean sighs.
“Jack?”
Yeahhh there we go!
Chuck will take care of the Winchesters once and for all——he’ll throw them into the empty, next to the angel, where they belong——and then he’ll go about ridding himself of of Jack.
At this point, he’s just relieved that Sam has Eileen, and that they’re happy. They deserve to be, after everything they’ve been through.
It’s no secret that Jack and Dean have hurt each other. Over the time, they all have in some way or another, and Jack doesn’t hold it against them. They’re family, and no family is perfect (their family less so than the median, but not every family saves the world on a regular basis). And when it comes down to it, Dean is Jack’s dad (one of many, but the Winchesters aren’t exactly the normal family model) and Jack loves all of his dads.
They talk a lot that night. Or, more rather, Sam and Dean explain everything that’s happened since Cas…
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean brings Cas breakfast the next morning.
(See the end of the chapter for
Realistically, the most that Dean can hope for is that Cas is hanging in there.
“You’re not real,” Cas says over dinner one night, after Dean had mentioned possibly venturing out to see Jody and the girls sometime next week. Cas shoves a bite of pasta into his mouth and swallows without chewing. “None of this is real.”
“Because,” Dean growls as he whacks away a shrub. “If we get to purgatory, we’re
“No.” Dean shakes his head. “No. Whatever you do, don’t call Jack.” He breathes as deeply as he can in an attempt to get rid of the ever-present taste of fresh blood in his mouth. He’s bleeding again. They don’t have much time. “Because that thing——what you think is Jack——it ain’t him.”
and refuses to shut up and die like he is supposed to.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And I——I love you, too, damnit.”
“D’you want to stop?” Dean asks, almost desperately. They’ve been driving since the bridge——Dean has no idea how long that has actually been, but it seems like a long time——and he has started to feel trapped. Ever since he had asked about Eileen, Sam has been quiet, too, which doesn’t help the mood. The only thing that has been breaking the thick tension of silence between Sam and Dean thus far is the radio, and even that has taken to fuzzing out in places.
He can do that for Cas.
(Well, save for the biological ones.)
That’s what’s important. For the first time in a while——Dean has no idea how long, exactly——Dean is feeling the way he should. Sad, yes; angry, yes; empty, yes. But he’s free to feel the way he wants to.
Dean shrugs. They can’t exactly back out now.
Sam says that Cas is gonna be okay, and Dean can’t do anything but believe his brother blindly. Because if he thinks——even for a moment——that he’s going to lose Cas again, he’ll break down and hurt himself, or go on a drinking binge. He can’t break down now. He needs to be here when Cas wakes up. He needs to be
But even with all of the effort that Jack has been making, his shouts don’t seem to faze Chuck in the slightest, which is worrying. It’s more than worrying, really, but Jack is trying to stay calm. Keeping his cool in a situation like this is difficult, but he doesn’t have enough energy to be too angry.
Regardless of current circumstances, and no matter how secure Heaven seems, Chuck can’t let the Winchesters roam free, so he does his best to keep them on a pre-approved path until he can cook up something else to occupy them. John and Mary are a good second step, Chuck thinks. The boys need to spend more time with their parents.
Sam is close to being backed into the river: and is blocking Chuck’s angel blade with one hand on the flat of his own weapon. From the look of it, Chuck is going to overpower Sam, which is a thing that Dean cannot allow to happen. That thought in mind, he pushes himself off of the tree he’s leaning against, and staggers towards Chuck. There’s a knife in his back pocket——it’s only a plain pocketknife, but it will have to do, and it
A growl rumbles through the hall and shakes the floor. Cas tenses.
Dean scrubs a hand over his face as he walks down the hall. He’s on the way to the kitchen, telling himself it’s for water, but knowing he’ll end up with something stronger. But after the hunt they had today… he needs it.
Taking that into account, Chuck gives the newly edited Dean a test run anyway, and finds him to be (as expected)... less than satisfactory.
Dean double-checks the destination of the supposed ophiotaurus, and the stock of weapons tucked into the trunk, and carefully pulls out of the garage.
This was supposed to come out about three days ago, but then my brain and life was just like no <3 so it didn't and I swear I'm gonna update on time next chapter.
Thank you for reading so far, and I hope you come back for the next chapter! Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated :3
Sam’s eyes go wide when he hears Cas’ voice, but Dean is already on his feet, sprinting as quickly as he can to the door.
They’re in bed together, and Dean is sleeping lightly, with one arm hanging loosely over Cas’ waist.
And with the way things are going, it doesn’t seem like anything is going to change.
There’s a faint golden glow ahead, so Dean chases that. There’s no way it’s anything
It’s not time for that now. Not yet.
She takes the cup of tea that Dean had made, and starts out of the kitchen. “Thanks for the tea.”
got here, all I’ve done is drive. And I can’t stop. The only reason we’re out now is because I caught——caught
Shitty paper straws aside, Dean continues to scribble. He’s halfway through some of Cas’ notes, and this portion is written in Enochian. Cas tends——
“It’s okay, Cas,” Dean says softly. He walks over to Cas, and lays his hand on Cas’ shoulder. “We can leave the lights on.”
Right there, in bold, white type. Dean answers as quickly as he can and——
HI HELLO YES I'M STILL ALIVE.
It was nice. Peaceful. Everything he ever wanted.
Michael says that Cas was a good soldier. That’s not half of it, but Dean figures it’s the highest compliment Michael can give. Even so, he can’t bring himself to respond. Michael doesn’t comment on that——he’s too busy being briefed on everything by Sam——and everyone else has gotten used to Dean not talking, so it almost feels normal.
From the ground, Jack coughs.
He doesn’t sleep immediately, though. Instead, he walks. He walks, and he looks for Cas. It’s dark on all sides, and Dean can’t see his own feet, let alone Cas.
Eyes not quite focused, Dean cups his bleeding palm, and crawls over to where Sam is curled on the ground. Haphazard lines and squiggles start to cross Sam’s agonized, twitching body as Dean scrawls sigil after sigil on his brother in an attempt to hide him from whatever the fuck Chuck has thrown their way this time.
“I’m——“ Cas nearly chokes up again. “It’s not——“
Sam is god, Cas is dead, and Dean is——Dean is...
The Winchesters have fought him, and their story——their destinies——at every available opportunity, and Chuck has finally gotten them to surrender. The accomplishment makes him smile, though it’s slightly difficult when the nephilim he’s trying to keep under wraps makes an attempt at taking back control of his body.
——to switch to writing in Enochian when he was tired enough, so this sheet is a sign of a late, exhausting night. A painful reminder of how hard Cas had worked, all for nothing.
Cas looks idly at Dean, then the food, before taking the plate and taking a bite of one of the pieces of bacon. He chews, swallows, and looks back to Dean as he takes another bite.
Cas blinks tiredly at it, then at his hands, which are also a faint blue. “My grace is dissipating,” he says plainly. “The empty won’t let me leave with it.”
“I am,” Cas says, somewhat numbly. He feels spaced-out: cold, tired, and floaty.
“I love you, too.”
and yet, they have. Warding, no doubt. But at least Chuck has a general idea of where they are. He would have had more certain location if Jack hadn’t been so loud, but such are grandchildren. Always messing with plans and ruining what would be an otherwise peaceful retirement.
How long has it been?
A crack runs through the wall across from Dean, and the bunker shakes on its foundation as Dean’s anger thrashes again. He couldn’t rein it in if he tried.
He’s hypothermic,
Dean had come damn close to tears when he sees the car again, and can’t stop himself from running towards it and running his hand over the shiny roof.
Sam and Jack are understandably worried when Dean shows up alone, arms and neck scratched bloody from a panic attack in the garage, and perfectly silent.
Dean slides down, into a sitting position against the cabinets, and lets himself cry. Hot tears stream down his cheeks, and he tries to scrub them away, but to no avail. They just won’t stop, and it’s
Sighing, Sam ties off the gauze. It’s going to take them all a while.
That’s not what Dean says, though. Instead. He just whispers “no” in a teary voice, and bites back the tears that threaten to spill over.
All that Jack wants to do——all that he
happen) between Sam and Eileen.
(He isn’t gone.)
The empty is just that——empty——eternal miles of nothing. Pure darkness in all directions. It’s suffocating. Petrifying.
But Cas can’t stop. He can’t calm down, and he can’t rationalize his situation the way that Dean wants him to. All he seems capable of is gasping for breath between sobs, and letting himself sink further and further into the dark pit of mindlessness that the Shadow wants him to end up in.
Dean flickers into view right in front of Cas, and tackles Cas in a hug before the angel has a chance to react. Cas almost chokes on his own breath. He hasn’t been touched——hasn’t been aware enough to even know if he has been——in so long.
He glances down at it, reads the caller ID——‘Sam’——and returns his dull, tear-filled eyes to the ceiling.
It had taken almost half an hour to get Cas to look at Dean, and even then, the only thing that Cas could seem to say was ‘you’re not real’ with varying degrees of fear, anger, and defeat. That had scared the shit out of Dean, but Cas had eventually calmed down enough to fall asleep, though he hadn’t stopped shaking until an hour later.
He wishes so badly that he could sleep. Because if he can sleep, he can dream, and if he can dream, he might dream of Cas, and that’s more of Cas than Dean has seen in months.
All the same, Dean steps out of the bunker first, just so that (in the case of catastrophic disaster) if he
(He has to be.)
If he’s being honest, Dean doesn’t think that he could eat right now if he tried. He’s too tied up in knots to think correctly most of the time, much less
the door back, and it’s not so far that they’ll need to sprint to make it. Dean isn’t sure that Cas can manage more than an on and off half-run at the moment, but they move as quickly as they can.
“I missed you,” he rasps after a moment of silence. “I really, really… it’s good to have you back, Cas.”
But, really? Jack’s struggles are futile. Of course they are, because Chuck is
He should make a grocery run the next morning. They can do that now that Chuck is gone.
“I’m not,” Dean mumbles.
Dean knows he’s more likely than not going to have to kill his son. Sam won’t do it, that’s for sure. Cas wouldn’t, if he was here.
He had just let the empty take Cas. No resistance, no nothing. Just...
There’s something wrong with him, and it needs to be beaten out.
(At least she hasn’t hit him. Yet.)
They’re driving, just as Chuck had left them. Dean has proven to be very cooperative since Chuck knocked him out for thinking about Cas. No, it hadn’t been thinking——Dean had been
Dean shakes his head sharply——Sam shouldn’t spend energy worrying about him when he’s fine——and folds his arms when Sam’s worried look stubbornly stays. He doesn’t know enough signs to properly explain everything (not that he’s exactly sure what’s happening anyway. Everything feels like it’s under a fog.) so he just repeats himself. He can explain everything later when he has a pen and paper.
do, what with the steps Sam and Dean have taken to make sure they’re able to kill god——so Dean pulls it out and flips it open.
It’s not even the fact that Dean almost died that brings him to tears; it’s the fact that he failed. He failed Cas. Something went wrong——Dean had to have done something wrong——because Cas still doesn’t know where he is. The eerie, quiet repetition of
Sam isn’t any help, though he tries to be, and that just hurts Dean even more, because if Sam can’t find something to help Cas, who can?
changed a bit since Dean was there last. Or maybe he’s in a different spot.
Go figure. The kid is stronger than Dean gives him credit for.
Maybe he has a problem, but at least forces him to sleep.
“Okay,” Chuck says, stepping forward, one foot right in front of the other, until he’s right in front of Dean. “That was adorable.” He laughs, short and just shy of pitying.
Okay sorry peeps this was supposed to come out earlier but I went traveling and mistook the integrity of my internet and how much time I had to do shit.
Cas blinks.
He can’t back out now, especially with Chuck looking like he’s out for blood. Blue-white light oozes from the hole in his shoulder, and he hefts his own weapon, eyes ablaze with anger. Chuck has almost always portrayed himself as either all-powerful, or not an issue worth considering, but this time is different.
Hours (days? Weeks?) later Dean is firmly set in a pattern of turning when prompted, and speeding up when he’s told. Sam hasn’t uttered a word in ages, and the radio continues to blare Zeppelin loud enough to hurt. Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever be able to listen to Kashmir again without wanting to throw up.
It reaches out, and Cas can’t move as it presses its palm to his forehead. A peaceful, numb coolness spreads throughout Cas’ body, and his eyes roll back into his head. Cas can feel himself dropping to his knees, and then he knows no more.
Despite the stark white suit that Chuck has dressed Jack up in, he radiates an impure power so striking that Dean has no idea how he hadn’t noticed it earlier. He’s thrown back to the last time someone who wasn’t Jack had inhabited Jack’s body; right after Chuck had revealed his true nature.
After Charlie, Dean hadn’t told anyone until right before he took his shot with Cas. There had been tears, but Sam had been just as supportive as Charlie, and said that he was ‘proud of Dean’ or some stupid chick-flick shit. Dean had been a bit too busy wiping away scared tears to really pay much attention to anything aside from the fact that Sam actually accepted him. Then, with that under his belt, Dean had gone and kissed the shit out of Cas.
It’s easy to pull Cas close, so that’s what Dean does. He hugs Cas as tightly as he can without hurting Cas, and cups one of his hands around the base of Cas’ head. Cas just melts into the touch, and Dean selfishly thinks that he can’t imagine something better than this. Maybe it’s just because Dean has barely let himself been touched since things went to shit down in the dungeon all those months ago, but his skin burns where Cas touches him. It burns in a way that makes Dean never want to let go.
damnit. Dean pries his gritty eyes open with an unhappy groan, and attempts to focus on Sam.
queer.
Jack thinks for a moment, and with every silent second that passes, Dean’s heart sinks lower. He can’t leave Cas like he is now, alone, cold and catatonic in the icy-slick slime of the place that is the empty. He can’t let himself do what Chuck wanted him to——to carry on with no thoughts of what he had lost. He can’t——
The ‘angel’ with a crack in his chassis. Although, maybe ‘crack’ isn’t the best way to describe what had gone so catastrophically wrong with Castiel. (Chuck still isn’t sure exactly what the problem with Castiel had been, or why it wasn’t fixable.) If anything, Castiel was more the product of a shattered mold.
See y'all in a few days!
Cas is sucked back down into darkness before he can finish that thought.
And, as always, Chuck gives zero shits about what Sam can and cannot do, so he decides to attack almost immediately. Being god, he’s well-versed when it comes to fighting (of course it’s easier when you can automatically download everything into your brain).
“It’s okay,” Dean says in a dazed tone of voice. “You didn’t know.” He takes another couple steps forward.
That still doesn’t stop Dean from wanting to scream. It feels like maybe if he lets it out verbally it will cease the agonized howling that invades his mind every hour of every day.
Cas thinks he’s in the empty. Still.
Thank you for reading! Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated and will be used to create more fun new words :3
“Why?”
“It’s not.”
At the moment, purgatory is at its darkest, and the whole landscape is awash in gray. It’s like a crappy black and white movie, and it might as well be from the silent era, because it’s quiet as a tomb, and has been for hours.
dying
Sam is all that Dean has left now.
“You’re so much easier to hate when you don’t love me.”
or some shit he will, if only to avoid Cas becoming the hollow shell of himself that still haunts Dean.
and has almost zero brain activity, but he’s alive. There’s something in there.
Jack doesn’t want to die for this, but he’s prepared to. More than prepared.
Sam stops speaking.
Dean is there for everything. He helps keep Cas grounded——helps keep him
Left.
Sam and Eileen joke around and relax sometimes, but Dean doesn’t usually join in. He’s busy researching, and the idea of leaving Cas to rot in the empty while Dean kicks back and watches a movie makes him feel sick.
So he scrabbles his way back to some kind of awareness in the dark, desolate vacuum of what his brain assumes the empty would look like. If there’s one good thing about dreams, it’s that in them Dean can say things he never could otherwise. Things that he's not brave enough to say in real life.
Dean had stopped breathing two hours ago——Cas had killed him——so why haven’t things——
“Ready?”
They walk into the nearest building, if only to get out of the sun, but Dean doesn’t really care.
And with Cas gone (gone for good; you blew your only chance, you fuck-up), why is Dean still pretending to be anything but the Darkness?
He dies confused, hurting, and scared.
, and he shouldn’t need to breathe.) He turns his head to look at Sam, who is also gasping for breath.
Dean opens the door, primed to speak for the first time in weeks.
It’s not unusual, annoying, or slightly out of the ordinary. After everything——after Cas——it had just become a fact of life: something that happened nearly on the daily, and something that Dean had needed to become accustomed to if he was going to carry on.
“I miss you so much.”
He had taken Cas’. That’s on him.) so much that he’s starting to think he was made to create chaos.
But the Winchesters couldn’t, so now Sam is going to suffer the consequences. And that, of course, means bye-bye Eileen.
Well, there’s Sam. That’s motivation enough to keep Dean moving, at least. If nothing else, Dean will carry on for his family. It’s been the only thing that’s kept him going in times before, and Dean knows he’ll have to rely on them again. Well,
Cas surprises himself by yawning.
Cas just wishes that the empty would stop playing with him.
It continues to be so for several more, and Dean doesn’t mind that. He doesn’t think he could talk if he tried.
baby, though), and more just keeps coming. Dean takes eight right turns in a row, but still manages to find new terrain. At least he’s getting the lay of the land.
per se, but he’s definitely disoriented, and still bleeding from the gash at the base of his skull, in addition to various other cuts. Gold light starts sparking from the cuts, and the slashed-up skin starts to knit back together. He stares down at his fingers and watches at the small cuts across his hands and palms spark yellow, and disappear.
“Tell me what’s wrong.”
The doors are locked——of course they are——but Dean’s paranoia is routine enough that Heaven has manifested a gun in the (thankfully unlocked) glove compartment. Dean blasts the lock until is snaps, and the door falls open. He kicks it until the hinge breaks, and scrambles out on heavy limbs.
Dean Winchester dies on a hunt.
Dean shoots the book——ugh, he can’t even
Uncontrolled.
It’s all probably an entire pile of shit, but Dean doesn’t have anything else to go off of.
He has no idea where he is, or how he came to be here——only that there are dead vamps all around him, a hole is speared through his chest, and that Sammy is crying. Blood bubbles in his punctured lungs as he struggles to take a breath, but the metal is buried too deeply in his body, and he’s too tired to force his lungs to cooperate. All Dean can manage is a weak gasp and a whimper that his ears refuse to process.
Bobby hadn’t reacted badly. Really, he had been more accepting than Dean could have ever hoped for. Dean had really needed that. He had needed to know that he wasn’t fucked in the head for being... for being who he was, and he had needed to know that Bobby wouldn’t treat him differently. He hadn’t, thank god, and had kept Dean’s secret as well as it could be kept.
There’s a quiet jingling sound as Miracle pads into the room——ever cheerful——and weaves her way between Dean and Cas’ dangling legs. Cas reaches down to pet her. Dean is so damn glad that he hadn’t lost the dog, among other things.
“I’m bi. Bisexual. And Cas is my boyfriend.” He clears his throat. “That’s it.”
Right.
Dean swallows nervously as he approaches the wall that will soon be consumed by a swirling doorway to a place worse than hell. Why is he nervous? This will all be over soon. Cas will be back, safe, alive, and he’ll know that Dean loves him. Everything is going to work out fine.
Unnatural.
“Hey, kid,” Dean chokes out. “You feeling okay?”
Cas is looking sadly at the book. “That’s horrible,” he says, sounding as if Sam had really gone off and done all of that.
I'm here! To anyone still reading this: I meant to update yesterday. Sorry :(
He’s breathing——barely——and his heart is beating slowly and irregularly, but other than that, Cas might as well be dead.
“You won’t.” Dean walks forward until he’s right in front of Cas, spreads his arms, and pulls Cas into a hug.
There were long days, yes; panic attacks don’t just disappear overnight, either, but they lessen, as do nightmares. So, when Dean really gets down to it, life is just monsters of the week, long drives in the Impala, and helping out other hunters when they need it.
Still, Dean 2.0 (well, at this point he’s closer to Dean 41.7) insists. Of course, Chuck can’t leave his favorite toy
If at first you don’t succeed...
“Dean?” Cas asks. “I heard a crash, did something happen?”
body.
“It’s not real,” Dean points out. “Sam didn’t actually run off with my dog and marry some random chick just to have a kid with my name.” He hands the book back to Cas and taps a paragraph of interest. “It gets worse.”
Like fathers, like son.
After everything.
He pulls an extra angel blade he had grabbed earlier out of his jacket. “I’m prepared.”
Dean can’t help but think that it’s his fault.
They’re about a month from when Dean died, as it turns out. That’s kind of friggin’ weird, though, seeing as Sam has about forty years of memories that say
Cas was immediately taken by her, and had ended up sitting on the floor with Miracle on his lap, panting happily as Jody grilled Dean on everything that had happened. It had taken hours, but Jody wouldn’t let them go with a halfhearted explanation. That had mildly annoyed Dean at first, but it had ended up being oddly therapeutic. Go figure.
He continues to drive. The road disappears under Baby (it’s not
Dean looks over at Sam. “Of Chuck? He doesn’t touch this place.”
Sam can’t remember what he did to the keys to the bunker after he locked down and left. Part of him hopes that he gave them to Garth or Jody, but the other part is almost certain that he hurled them off of a bridge somewhere between Lebanon and——
Fuck what the books say, the world will be better off without a Darkness.
He doesn’t want to think about what will happen if he fails to open a door to the empty. Even more than that, he doesn’t want to think about what will happen if he gets there and can’t find Cas.
Nightmares.
Dean sits up, immediately regrets the decision, and makes a half pitiful, half scared noise of discontent. He blinks away the fuzziness at the edges of his vision, and looks around.
Cas is barely awake, bleary eyed and grumpy, when Dean comes back to their bedroom with food.
Dean has torn storage room #39 (third basement level) to shreds. There are boxes everywhere——they had already been everywhere, but now they’re in a state of complete disarray——and artifacts scattered to every corner. In the middle of it all, Dean is picking through the nth unsearched box, looking desperately for the one solid lead he’s come across.
Dean.
It has to be done, though, and Dean is a master of doing things that shouldn’t need to be done. He doesn’t think Sam will hold anything substantial against him for this, but Sam aside, Dean is never going to stop beating himself up over this (among other things).
Dean took the wrong turn, and they left the car behind——
Chuck pulls a angel blade of his own out of thin air (probably literally), and takes a swaggery step forward. He looks every inch like a man who knows when he’s won. Sam, on the other hand, looks like he’s about to lose his mind. He’s somewhere between crying and furious, and the hand that holds his angel blade is shaking hard.
Dean swallows and wipes at his eyes. Cas’ hands move to Dean’s shoulders.
“I’m——“ Dean coughs. “I’m real. We’re real. I don’t know what I did to make you think you’re… you’re back
He falls asleep in Cas’ room that night, with headphones over his ears, and the mixtape that he had spent so long perfecting and agonizing over (all for naught) playing loudly.
Dean wakes up covered in sigils. Sticky, drying blood coats his arms, neck and chest in intricate swirls and clean lines, and a lumpy, rusty-springed mattress is doing its best not to squeak underneath Dean's weight. So, he's in a bed. A crappy motel bed, but it’s still better than the ground had been.
(Inwardly, Dean apologizes to Jack. The poor kid didn’t deserve that.)
YEAH NEXT CHAPTER IS GAY ANGEL TIME LET’S FUCKING GOOOOOO
Someone who’s supposed to be gone.
“The montage,” Dean repeats, stepping back into his room, and spreading his arms out a bit in a grand motion that would imply the montage was important in some way. “After I got nailed from behind by a chunk of rebar——“
A wet
Sam wakes up to the rustling of books, and a very loud crash from down the hallway. He’s tired, the kind of tired that makes your head pound and leaves you sick to your stomach, but he gets up anyway. Something tells him that the thing that made that noise is Dean (and if it isn’t he should get up and check that out anyway) and Sam doesn’t feel like Dean should be left alone for too long.
In a situation like this, it’s hard for Dean not to feel like he’s twelve years old again: unable to leave the house, and rapidly running out of things to keep Sam alive and healthy. It’s tiring, and every day Dean feels more and more like this is all futile. They’ve tried this before, and they’ve died because of it.
“You’re up early.”
Chuck is not a cruel person. All he wants is for Sam and Dean to be happy, which is why he
“Dean, you’re back.” Sam sounds relived, but also oddly subdued.
And Cas.
“Time to go?” Dean asks, and by that he means
Sam and Dean follow the road until the trees begin close in on them, and asphalt turns to dirt. In a way, it’s almost eerily similar to the almost endless road that he and Sam had been on less than two weeks ago. From where Deanis now, it feels like nothing but more road, more trees, and an unhanging, monotonous, landscape.
Charlie had known, too. She had taken it in stride when Dean told her, and given him a hug. At some point she had given him a little blue, pink, and purple pin, but Dean doesn't have the courage to put it anywhere, so it just stays tucked away in his drawer.
The boys go hiking. That's normal, nothing weird there--
He can’t die like this. He needs to get Cas back, he needs to tell Cas everything that he was too scared to before. He needs to——
Sam’s expression shifts from something like despair to worry, and he unconsciously raises his hand to his throat. “Is something wrong with your voice?”
Dean is told to drive, so he drives.
“Cas,” Dean says, raspy and weak. It’s barely more than a breath with the barest hint of voice in it, and it hurts after not talking for so long, but Dean can’t stop the his first word in months from slipping from his lips.
“Couldn’t you have just stuck to girls?”
After a moment, he realizes that he has been praying all of this. Maybe some of it will reach. Not for the first time, Dean wishes that prayers were a two way communication system.
He waves. They ask where Cas is, and Dean——for all he tries to do something else——starts to cry again. Not as violently as before, but it seems to get the point across.
Dean has never hated the forest so much in his damn life.
Dean’s phone is ringing. It’s on the floor next to him, vibrating and ringing and ringing and
like thunder right next to his ear,
“Burning a book.”
It's not like he's permitted to do anything else.
Dean had blown up an entire lake and almost killed Jack and Sam less than five minutes after he had taken Amara’s power.
he thinks.
Left.
And drives.
takes care of himself.
Well, Cas shouldn’t say that. After all, happiness isn’t in the having.
Alright! Let's gooooooo!
Cas clears his throat, and swipes a hand across his face, which just serves to spread tears across his cheeks.
Dean goes on a couple of hunts, but for the most part he’s passing them on to other hunters and insisting he’ll pick the job back up for real after Cas is ‘back to full strength.’ Most of his time is spent keeping the bunker running for when visitors drop by, and working on the cars. Sam goes in and out more regularly: on hunts, out to visit Eileen, on hunts with Eileen.
“Hey, Cas——
He rubs at his tired-sore eyes, and closes the door behind himself, before leaning back against it. Sam and Jack keep going, most likely to finish patching Jack’s injuries up, and then find something for the poor kid to eat. He hadn’t been able to heal every cut and bruise inflicted upon him, but he had done enough so that he was no longer in danger of imminent death. The wound he had from the angel blade was the worst by far, but the blow that had finished Chuck off had healed relatively quickly and cleanly.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean calls softly.
Dean turns to look at Sam, dead seriousness on his still-bloodied face. “We need to get out of the car.”
“But you’ll be——“
He’s not dying, and his lungs are not filled with blood. He’s not bleeding out in a middle-of-nowhere barn with a piece of metal through his spine.
Dean doesn’t know what the right thing to do is anymore.
Two weeks later, Sam goes missing on a solo djinn hunt.
Dean can barely breathe when he wakes up. Or, more rather, when he pulls himself out of unconsciousness. He wasn’t sleeping so much as… out. His throat throbs something awful, and his chest aches with held breath. He wheezes as he sits up, and presses an open hand to his chest. His heart is beating wildly, and he can’t quite draw a deep breath yet, but he can
Baby is missing, for one. As is Miracle, and that freaks Dean out more that he cares to admit. He’s never been a dog person, but the idea of losing
Nothing. He can’t finish what he wants to say.
Sam sighs. “We all do, Dean.” He tilts his head back against the cabinets, and looks at the ceiling. “He was... he was like a brother. Of course we miss him.”
“It was one of Chuck’s,” Dean says.
——there he is again.
“Stop,” Dean says softly, like it’s almost a question. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
Cas not to hurt him, and Cas had——
“No! We’re——I have a plan.”
He turns his head to look at Dean, and stalls. “Whatever happens between here and the bunker——“
He feels... he
Mary sets her jaw, presses her lips into a thin line, and nods tersely.
It always comes back to Cas. Even after everything Cas said——after how much Cas praised him for being ‘loving’ and ‘selfless’——Dean will fail him every time.
Keys are trivial in the grand scheme of things, though. What matters is that Sam got what he wanted: wife, kid, picket fence.
“Yes they do.” Dean stops and points at a knot on the tree to his left. Then he points to an indistinguishable knot on the tree to his right. “Exactly.”
the same, but with Cas still in the empty, and Dean not even knowing if Cas still loves him (and if that love was even the kind Dean wants from Cas), everything is up in the air.
Everything is still bleary, and Dean can’t even
Why had that thought it was possible to beat god?
Dean’s phone is buzzing again, but this time it’s not Sam’s name on the caller ID.
“You need some help with those?” Sam asks.
Scared of himself?
Dean thinks to himself.
Cas steps back.
It’s excusable——after all, they are out of practice——and dealing with dead (rotting, rancid) bodies is never the easiest thing, if only because of the smell. It really is a horrible smell.
Scratch that, it would mean definite death. Dean doesn’t necessarily want to live at the moment, but there’s not a doubt in his mind that death would only make things worse for him. If what he had been subjected to earlier was anything to go by, things can and are going to get worse if Dean dies again.
“I give up,” he sobs. “Put me to sleep. Please.”
Sam nods, and Dean starts for the mustang. It’s time to go home.
“Bed.” There’s a short pause before Dean speaks again, and when he does, he sounds slightly unsure of himself. Like he doesn’t know if he’s allowed to say what he’s saying. “I don’t want to be alone now, and I don’t think you do either.”
“Do you think...” Dean sighs and rubs his red eyes. “Is there any way you could bring Cas back?”
“I’m——“ Cas clears his throat. All of the tears have horribly distorted his usual voice. “I’m sorry.” He pushes himself into an upright sitting position, and makes it a point not to think too hard when Dean’s arm disappears from around his shoulders.
He sets up a hunt. The concept is so stupid that he’s shocked Sam agrees to go on it (even though it’s really what Sam deserves after he brought up Castiel and Jack earlier), but he does all the same, and from there, everything falls into place.
It’s no matter, though.
“I told Mom——Mary——about...” Dean gestures between himself and Cas. “Us. This. She didn’t——um——she didn’t take it great.”
The damn sigils better work.
Dean tells himself as he paces in circles around the kitchen island.
He’s gotten the Winchesters to stop fighting.
There’s a busted-looking TV, a wobbly side table, and a second, unused bed in the room. Adjacent to the second bed is a tiny bathroom, and Sam dozing unintentionally in the doorway. Well, Dean assumes that it’s unintentionally, because no one in their right mind would sleep in the doorway of a bathroom at a motel that charges sixty dollars a night.
“I’m gonna call Sam, okay?” Dean says after another moment of silence. “He’s been worried, too.”
Sam’s eyes are bright with a level of fear Dean hasn’t seen in a long time. “Him?”
"I left everyone."
Chuck likes that. He feels that the Winchesters deserve to suffer after everything they have done to him. They had been the stars of the show, too. All that was required of them was compliance. All that they had needed to do was follow where Chuck led, and jump when he told them to. It was a simple job——so easy that even the most basic apes could complete it.
Then Dean can deal with his power. It’ll all be easier with Cas back. He knows how to deal with these kinds of things. He’ll be able to help Dean, and then everything will be okay.
That was his one shot, and he fucked it up.
Sam is still upright, but he looks weak, like he could fall over at any minute. He locks eyes with Dean for a moment, and Dean can see that Sam’s eyes are filled with tears. Dean’s eyes are, too, and a kind of numb sadness starts to spread through his body.
“Hey,” Dean calls softly. “Brought you some food. I dunno if you’re hungry, but you should eat something.” He sets the plate down on Cas’ bedside table. “It’s——um——I know I don’t usually want to get up after…” he trails off, looking for the right word. “A bad night. I thought this might help.”
Dean can’t bring himself to affirm Sam’s question. Still, he bends down, and pulls the knife from Jack’s neck. It looks wrong, just sitting there. Dean wipes the blood off of it, and sticks it in his pocket, almost robotically.
Instead, Dean hangs up, throws the phone across the room, and cries silently. His shoulders shake, and he gasps for breath between sobs, but can’t seem to make any noise aside from breathing. It’s part scary, part relieving, because if Dean could speak now, he’d surely be screaming.
and Chuck falls forward, onto his knees, then his face.
“I meant it,” Dean says. “And I… I should have said it before then.” He rolls his beer bottle between his hands. “I should have said it a long time ago.”
need to explain it to Cas, too, because they’re getting Cas back. It doesn’t matter if Cas hates him for the rest of eternity after he learns about what Dean will no doubt have to do to Jack. Cas will be/here to be angry at Dean, though, and that’s what matters.
Sam nods. “That sounds good.” He stands, and helps Jack to his feet. Dean staggers up on his own, pulls the keys out, and tosses them to Sam.
Mary looks up from her book and tips her head slightly to the side in an attentive way. “Nothing bad, right?”
Really, Cas is just ready for this illusion to end. Usually it’s harsher. Usually, Dean brushes Cas off and leaves him to recover from his trip to the empty on his own. Dean never lets Cas share his bed, or takes care of him, or holds Cas like he’s worth something and kisses him like he’s a treasure. All of this is new, and it means that the Shadow is only getting smarter in how it devises its illusions. It knows exactly how to hurt Cas, and has the means to do it.
“You know what angel.” Dean sets his jaw.
Cas refuses to meet Dean’s eyes. He’s not thinking clearly, he knows that much, but some unfairly stubborn part of Cas is terrified that Dean is going to disappear the moment he closes his eyes. He can’t stop thinking that everything——Dean, the bunker, all of it——is going to vanish into shadowy, grainy nothingness. He fights of another yawn.
He never gave a damn about himself.”
Shit. He can’t breathe. No.
and it’s impossible to beat the deity that’s in charge of writing your story. It is
At least the landscape is slightly more diverse. The trees are different, and everything seems more natural. More wild.
Well, about as easy as squeezing lemons in your eyes, that is. The sound of footsteps alerts Dean to Mary’s approach, and he tries very hard to look like he’s been doing more than waiting to corner her and explain a very important part of his identity that he had been repressing for decades until about six months ago.
The boys come home, and Dean makes the mistake of dreaming.
Dean feels numb. Hollow. Broken.
“You shouldn’t be awake,” the entity growls in a voice eerily similar to Dean’s.
through the worst of it. Usually, Dean being there, real and warm and
Cas loosens his hold on the bottle, and Dean takes it from him gingerly, then sets it on the table, away from Cas. Dean keeps his eyes on the glass, still within Cas’ reach, but doesn’t make a move to grab it.
“Yeah.” Dean mumbles.
Dean has tried everything he can think of. From actions to words, to looking for some kind spell on the off-chance it could convince Cas that everything is real.
The car starts.
“Purgatory?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Why can't anything ever be easy?
Cas asks with a hint of anger in his voice.
There are sigils scrawled across the floor of the dungeon, across the wall, grazing the ceiling, all dark ink, blood, and ground bones. It had taken a while to draw them all, but it had been worth it. It had been necessary, and Dean is willing to do anything to bring Cas back.
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispers as he lets the last of his control begins to swirl away. “You should probably get everyone out of here before it’s too late.”
Right now, his objective is to kill Chuck, and he needs to go it before Chuck kills him (again).
“Being human... it’s
It’s not a good look, so Dean takes that as his cue to go. He runs for the horrid gash in reality, touches the dripping shadows, and disappears into the dark.
The arms around Cas disappear, and he falls to his knees. No.
Michael betrays them because why the fuck not, but it’s okay because they had seen this coming. Is that a little sad? Maybe, but they were right, and that’s what matters.
Dean can’t think about that now, though. He has a brother and a kid to feed, and that’s what he needs to focus on. He can deal with the feelings corroding his insides like battery acid later——his family comes first.
It makes sense that Sam and Dean would flee to purgatory, Chuck muses.
That’s all that matters.
Confused.
“I love you.”
Oh. Okay. Well, they're hiking through heaven but whatever.
He waits, and he gathers his strength.
He needs Sam to read something, but that’s easy enough to convince him to do, so long as Dean fudges the amount of danger the spell will create. Sam will be perfectly safe, of course, but the empty is a hostile place, so Dean will be... less so, even if he’s barely going to enter it.
He hadn’t been breathing when Cas had left their room. Dean had been limp and still, but before that he had struggled. He had
“Stop,” Cas begs. “I wasn’t bothering you.”
*Supernatural: Carry On*
See y'all soon!
Jack is going to be okay.
“I missed. I——I swung the scythe, and I missed.” Dean swallows, and the muscles in his jaw tense. As a whole, he’s tense. Nervous about something. “I mean, I hurt her, but not enough. She followed me——me and Cas——back to the bunker. We got cornered. Um, I...” Dean clears his throat and scrubs at his tearstained face. “It was my fault. I thought we were going to die. Cas said that he thought there was something that he could to to save us——save
Yet another change shorts out Dean’s memory so entirely that he can’t remember his own name. Somehow, through all of that, he still manages to retain knowledge of Castiel's existence. It’s infuriating.
“I’ll help you,” Cas says. “We can do it together.”
“So you admit you like Cas?”
“Friggin’ Nike, Dean,” Cas stretches his arms and yawns. “I need to go back to my place, but all I want to do is take a nap.”
“Jerk.”
“You make a strong argument,” Cas acquiesces. “You
“Babe, I’m so sorry,” Dean puts his beer on the coffee table and scoots closer to Cas.
Dean tightens his arms around Cas but doesn’t respond.
Cas doesn’t say anything. He lays down next to Dean and sighs heavily. “I can’t believe this happened.”
“I, uh…” Sam clears his throat and starts again. “Dammit! I’ve been thinking about what to say to you for the past twenty-four hours and now I’m all tongue-tied. I knew I should’ve written it down.”
Going ____ for ____ at the plate = a way to describe the offensive day a player had. Every time you go up to bat, you have the chance to get a hit or a walk or somehow end up on base (there are 7 ways for a hitter to reach first base, but we can talk about that later). Ideally you'd go 3 for 3 or 5 for 5 or something depending on the game, but that doesn't necessarily mean you score. It just tracks how often you get on base in a given game. Therefore, Dean saying that Chapman was three-for-three implies that Sam wasn't able to figure out how to pitch around him and get him out in his previous three times at bat.
Dean shrugs but doesn’t say anything, so Cas just keeps up his gentle explorations of Dean’s skin.
Dean grins. “I’ll see you at the park. Love you.”
to come,” Sam points out.
Dean’s anger rises to a boiling point. “Just shut up, OK? Just SHUT UP! You have no fucking clue what this is like for me! How fucking long I’ve spent pushing this shit down, and now you’re talking about it like it’s a goddamn walk in the park to admit to being into dudes
His phone starts going off and the name Bela Talbot flashes on the screen. Dean immediately assumes that she’s calling to break the news that Under Armour and Gatorade have dropped him. He answers, deciding that it’s best to rip off the band-aid.
“Come over around seven?” he asks.
“I’m not saying that it was a good thing that this happened, Dean. I just mean that her motivations were not
From: Cas (11:32 am): Drive safely. If you don’t make it here on time, I’ll wait and catch a flight with you if you’d like. I know how much you hate flying, especially alone.
“Well, what’s the issue, then? Are you going to keep denyin’ your feelings?” Benny asks.
Dean grins, pointing an accusing finger at Cas. “Oh, my
__________________________
After high school, Dean spent two years at community college before he was drafted by the Chicago Cubs. It was the first time that he’d be away from Sam for more than a few days at a time, and he felt his brother’s absence acutely. Dean coasted through the minor leagues, spending just under two years causing scouts to salivate before he made his debut in The Show, called up to fill out the roster for the playoffs. He hit a home run in his first professional at-bat and made a defensive play worthy of
. But he feels like he’s ready to explode, so he tries to put all of his emotions (shame, anger, frustration, regret, more shame, more anger) into his workout.
doesn’t shut up about how much he loves you all. Like, ever.” She looks up at Sam and gives him an exasperated eye roll.
Dean rolls his eyes. “If I think of something, you’ll be the first to know. Now get the fuck out of here and let me have my special time with my best girl before my boyfriend gets back and demands my attention.”
Even as he thinks this, his mind supplies him with a barrage of images of exactly what it would be like to date Cas.
Dean’s waiting for his turn to take batting practice, trading idle chit chat with Tony, the third baseman, when he sees Cas emerge from the dugout. He’s talking animatedly with Bobby, but his eyes scan the small groups of players as they stretch or gather in the outfield to shag balls, searching until his gaze falls on Dean and he beams.
“The thought that made me come to your home last night, however, was that a relationship with you might be something extraordinary. Something worth the fear, and the risk.”
“Absolutely,” he answers, making up his mind. The fear is still present, but it’s been overtaken by hopeful excitement. Maybe something good, something
The next pitch is fouled straight into the dugout, smacking against the backrest right where Dean had been sitting.
of this,” he sweeps his hand around, gesturing to the still-full stadium. “You should be proud of what you’ve both accomplished here.”
They each take a seat facing the ocean and wait for the other three guests to arrive.
Cas smiles at Sam, and then looks at Dean pensively. “Thank you for telling me about your childhood. It must be difficult to discuss such a tumultuous time in your lives.”
“I mean, I’ve had anal sex before. With … with a woman, obviously.”
“And yet you continue to test me.”
Cas looks up, his expression giving no clues regarding his feelings on the matter. “Do you want to?”
“Oh, hey! I was looking for the bathroom?”
“That’s some Great Gatsby shit, dude. Are you a Vanderbilt or something?”
last year.”
To: Cas (11:13 pm): hey babe pls don’t forget to buy more sensodyne i can’t stand ur organic crap thanksss
The buzz of conversation immediately stops and he can feel everyone’s eyes on him as he makes his way across the clubhouse. He leans his wet umbrella against his cubby and lets his bag drop off of his shoulder. He starts going through the same routine he does before every game, but he moves slowly. The weather report said it was going to thunderstorm all day, so there’s no point in rushing to get out onto the field for a rain-out. He keeps his eyes on the task at hand, but he can feel his cheeks burning, knowing the rest of the team is staring at him.
“Did you close the damn door?” Dean asks, eyebrows raised.
He’s vaguely aware that there’s sweat and lube dripping down the backs of his legs and that his arms are aching. But his orgasm is building hard and fast and is being spurred on by the breathy grunts coming from Cas and his continued praise of Dean’s ass.
He orders Sam a cake with the words, “WAY TO NO-NO, SAMMY!” written in bright-red icing (despite Dean’s best efforts, Sam prefers cake to pie because children will always be a disappointment), and he and Cas spend their off day prepping for (their?) guests. Since they have the time, Dean goes with barbecuing ribs for the main course; Cas makes a variety of side dishes, including his “famous gazpacho” with the tomatoes he’s been growing in Dean’s yard.
without clearing it with Charlie.”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean tilts his head up towards the sky and takes a deep breath. He turns and sees Bobby and Manny, the bullpen catcher, jogging towards them.
“I just want you to be honest with yourself.” Sam looks down at his coffee mug. “And with me,” he adds, quieter. “If you’re ready to be.”
It’s a few minutes before three as Dean walks through the corridors of the stadium towards the training rooms, running his hands through his still-wet hair in an attempt to flatten it. Today’s workout had been intense but had felt good, though he could use some more ice for his throbbing shoulder. He’s got to admit, he’s intrigued to finally meet this superstar doctor that Sam can’t shut up about.
Dean had expected to be gutted; to feel like the rug had been ripped out from beneath him. He’d laid awake at night for years imagining how crushed he’d be if John ever found out he was into guys and called him one homophobic slur or another. That hearing those sorts of words directed at him by his father would mean that all the things he feared about himself were true—that he was unworthy of love and somehow less of a man because he maybe sometimes wanted to suck dick.
Dean smiles. “Nah,” he replies. “I’m great. I could probably go again if you give me, like, half an hour and a gatorade.”
“Is this about the skim milk in the fridge? I told you, I bought that by accident!”
Claire sits up. “Winchesters treat all people wif kindness,” she recites carefully, enunciating her last name slowly. When Dean prods her shoulder she whips her head around to face Jenkins. “Sorry, Brad!” She looks at the reporters. “Sorry, everyone. Do I lose puffs, Dad?”
“Fine.” He smacks the ball into Dean’s mitt as the reliever, Mayers, runs up behind them.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas greets. “Sure, thank you.”
Sam seems tense but focused, his Game Face firmly in place by the time they’re called over to stand for the National Anthem. They observe the usual pregame fanfare of honoring veterans and ceremonial first pitches, extended today by the raising of a new American League Division Champions pennant in recognition of the Angels’ 2019 season. Dean watches with a proud smile on his face, relishing in the crowd’s enthusiastic applause.
His usual red polo has been switched out for a pink one as part of the MLB’s annual breast cancer awareness campaign, and Dean can’t tear his eyes away from Cas’ right bicep, where the soft color of the shirt is bringing out the golden tones of Cas’ skin and highlighting the dips and swells of muscle along his arm.
Cas is looking at Caleb seriously, sitting cross-legged and helping the toddler stack colored blocks. “And that’s why we have the Colorado River to thank for having such lush grass in Southern California, Caleb. But we really should be changing all of our gardens to succulents, given the issues with drought and climate change.”
“Really? Nothing at all that you want to get off your chest?”
Dean was soon traded to the Texas Rangers, before signing a long-term contract with the Angels four years ago. He quickly became a fan favorite and was selected for three All Star Games. He never shied away from a confrontation, yet managed to charm his way out of most situations with umpires and opposing batters with a wink and a well-timed joke.
“I’m good,” he says, smiling up at Dean. “You feel so good, Dean.”
The Angels end up winning both games and Rocker goes 1 for 6 at the plate, allowing Dean some semblance of satisfaction.
Dean turns and raises his eyebrows at her. “Uh, ok?”
“What happened?” Cas asks.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Shocking. But you’ve
of this moment to memory.
“Be right over!” Dean calls back. He turns back to Benny. “Wednesday it is. We’ll bring pie.” He glances over at Cas, who’s looking at the ground with his eyebrows drawn together as though deep in thought.
“Any numbness or tingling anywhere? Do you feel disoriented, nauseated, or dizzy?” Cas shines a penlight into his left eye, and then the right.
“Whatever, bitch.” Dean scrubs a hand down his face. “Look, I’m not worried about this season, ok? You’re gonna win that goddamn Cy Young and we’re gonna get to the Series before my fucking arm falls off and my hips stop allowing me to squat behind the plate.”
This spring training, though, his free time isn’t spent whiling away the hours trying to decide what to watch on Netflix while he sits alone on the sofa. Now? Now he has Sam. And what’s more, he has Cas.
“Dude!” Dean exclaims, “how did you do that?”
“Thanks, babe. I hope you know that I appreciate the shit out of you.” Dean squeezes their linked hands and smiles at Cas.
go again, being an annoying asshole.”
“Cas, I want you to meet Benny Lafitte. Benny, this is Dr. Castiel Shurley.” He looks anxiously between the two of them. It seems imperative that the two men like each other, and Dean is suddenly nervous.
“Hey, you got a minute?” Dean asks, leaning on the doorframe.
“I don’t call you anything other than ‘Dean.’” Cas reenters the bedroom and starts getting dressed.
“Yeah, ‘course,” Dean replies. “Pretty sure it’s in my contract that these two have input into my care, anyway.”
Necessary and Other Things the Pornography Industry Never Told You.”
“Hey! Teslas are great for the environment. And they’re really safe.”
Dean’s phone buzzes from the nightstand.
“Hey! I’m like three puffs away from having a full jar and getting a reward, dude. That’s just cruel.”
Dean calling for Ash to hit Rocker with a pitch is a pretty standard thing to do in baseball when the opposing team does something shitty. One of those "unwritten rules" situations.
“Guys? I’m gonna hop off. Sounds like you’re about to delve into something… uh… something. Ok, byeeeee!” Jo lets her last syllable linger until the FaceTime call cuts out. Dean drops his arm from where he was holding up the phone, not ending the staring contest he and Cas have going.
It’s a chaste kiss, but it’s easily the most intimate kiss of his life and Dean feels like his body is on fire. Cas pulls back after a few seconds and Dean tries to chase his lips, leaning forward clumsily.
you. I would give anything for you to be happy.”
Muncy leads off and causes a hush to fall over the stadium when he gets a hold of a changeup that doesn’t quite change over the plate. The ball goes flying in a perfect arc towards dead center, but Mike barely has to move to make the catch.
the guy.
I’ve been, terrified to really examine my feelings about wanting to fuck men because it’s not OK for a professional male athlete to be gay. Thanks for clearing that up for me!”
he thinks smugly—when there’s a knock at the door. He can hear Sam’s muffled voice from the other side.
“Is everyone else coming later? Am I early?” Cas asks when they’re done. He’s leaning on the railing that lines the patio, watching the water, and Dean comes up behind him to wrap his arms around his waist.
“I’m not going to sue you, dude!”
Cas beams at him and starts poking at his own phone. “Jo sent me a few photos from last night.”
flash across the screen in a tacky font.
“What’re you doing here?”
“Oh. Hi, Brad,” Claire says before settling back against Dean’s chest. She immediately brings his left hand up to her mouth to gnaw on the silicone wedding band that Dean wears during the season.
tonight.”
“Don’t act so damn clueless,” she softly smacks the back of Dean’s head. “Cas is great.”
“I can’t find a condom,” he responds. “I know they’re in here; there’s no way we used up that entire box I bought in Denver.”
Dean’s face immediately falls when Gabriel opens the door. He leans back and checks the apartment number. “Am I at the wrong place, or…?”
“I’m the best boyfriend ever, ‘cause I’m ready to go, so I’ll stop by Starbucks for us on the way to the stadium.” Dean grabs his phone from the nightstand. “Oh, wait, shit. That’ll look weird if I show up with a coffee for just you and me, right?”
“Parenting involves sacrifice.”
Cas’ newly recovered pen goes flying again. “That,” he clears his throat, “that works well for me.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “You know what I mean.” His voice gets softer, barely above a whisper. “What if talking to Bobby jinxes this?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do we even have any pictures of us together?” Dean takes his phone out of his pocket, ignoring the eighteen thousand new alerts, and opens the Photos App. “Apparently I am a huge creeper, because I have a ton of pics of just you, and like, three selfies that will never see the light of day.”
Dean sees the Cubs first baseman shift his hips and then freeze—like he wanted to dance but had to stop himself—and then glance over to where Dean and Cas are sitting before quickly looking away.
“Right?!”
“I certainly didn’t see that ending coming,” Cas says while the credits roll and Madonna sings softly in the background. “Though I’m proud of Kit for finding her independence and becoming comfortable with her talent, it paints Dottie in a somewhat poor light that she couldn’t hold on to the ball.”
“You’re the one who knows it’s Shakespeare, ass.”
It would be finally letting himself experience the thrill of a hard, male body under his hands. The smell of sweat and Cas’ light, citrusy aftershave instead of the cloying, floral perfumes the women he dates are always coating themselves in. Waking up next to a chest dusted with hair and strong, masculine arms surrounding him.
Benny passes Dean an open bottle of champagne and he takes a swig, his eyes unfocused as he weighs whether he’d rather face the Red Sox or the Yankees, who’re neck-in-neck in the AL East, in the second round. Dean isn’t too worried about the Rockies or the Tigers—the current Wild Card front runners and thus the Angels’ likeliest opponents in the first round—they’ve faced both teams throughout the regular season and come out with winning records against them easily.
“Dean, wait. Can I ask you something?” Amara asked
“Alrighty, I’ll be back in a Jiff with your drinks so you two could have a look over the menus.” with that she was gone.
“Hey, Jack do you like bacon?” Dean asked the young boy
“Gabriel?! Micheal” Cas said in disbelief with tears in his eyes
“Dean!” Sam said louder as he waved his hand in front of Dean’s face to get his attention.
He got the door open and the three of them walked in. Dean set Jack down on his bed and Cas tucked him in. Then Cas walked him out, Dean was about to walk away when he felt Cas’s hand tug his.
Gabe’s eyes lit up at the word milkshake, the infamous archangel with a sweet tooth. “What’s your favorite milkshake flavor?” he asked his nephew. Jack’s eyes lit up as he answered “I liked the cookies and creme one! Cas said that when he was human he liked peanut butter milkshakes.” Jack said with a chuckle and then his smile faltered a little and he started to tear up. Gabe put his hand on Jack’s shoulder and said “Hey, I miss him too, we’ll get him back; the bad sense of humor and all.” that brought a smile back to Jack’s face with a small nod he and Gabe got back to searching for anything that would help.
“Hey, look who’s back, see Jack I told you they would be just fine.” Jody said as Jack smiled at the two men.
Dean got changed into some pajamas Cas lent him and they both climbed into bed. Dean was starting to doze off when he felt Cas nuzzle into his side and drape an arm over his torso. Warmth washed over him and he wrapped an arm over the man’s shoulder and pulled him closer, that’s how Dean fell asleep, with Cas by his side, happy.
“What? No, you can’t do that you’re not strong enough!” he said through gritted teeth.
“I’d really like that.” Cas whispered out and gave Dean another chaste kiss
“Okay!” She shouted with a smile
“Cas, when you walked into my life all those years ago you changed. You taught me how to have faith again, you showed me that I mattered. No matter how many times I pushed you away and how bad things got you never left me. You are my best friend and I love you, I have for a long time.” Dean said with a gummy smile. Cas wore the same one, his blue eyes filled with tears and he lunged forward and captured Dean in a bone-crushing hug. Neither of them wanted to pull away. Eventually, they did Dean held Cas’s face in his hands and closed the space between them. Nothing could ever top the feeling when Cas kissed him back. A decade’s worth of repressed feelings poured into that kiss. It was soft and full of love, nothing like Dean had ever experienced in his life. They both had to come up for air and then it donned on him, Cas was human, they could grow old together.
“Sam!” said a familiar voice, Jody’s voice
“Well, Jack, it was Jack right?” Jack nodded slightly. “Jack said that The Empty wanted to go back to seep right, which is why it made that deal with your angel?” that the last question was aimed at Dean, and the eldest Winchester nodded.  “If God-Chuck destroys the world, then The Empty would die, I don’t think it wants that,  so why not summon it and ask for its help. It gives us an archangel and Castiel and we save its life. Seems like a win-win situation.” he finished.
“Hey, Dean-O! How have you been? You gonna introduce me to your date?” the woman asked enthusiastically with a warm smile. Cas blushed at her choice of words, hoping Dean wouldn’t correct her.
“Yes.” Micheal answered as if anything other than that was ridiculous.
“Hey guys! Did y'all have fun today? Boys, I hope this one didn’t give you too much trouble.” she said nodding towards the little girl.
“Same for me.” he said
“No, that sounds impossible.” stated Micheal who had taken over
“Yeah, they’re fine. Hey, Dean I-” Sam began
He had to admit his son had a point, wait those were his points what is he-
“So get this, I found this book has a chapter on The Empty and a way to summon it. The sigil isn’t that different from our usual ones; we have everything we need for the incantation here in the bunker, it uses pretty basic ingredients.” Sam said confidently as everyone turns to face him.
“Yes, yes you did.” Cas replied shyly
At first, he was shocked but he quickly melted into it. He brought his hands up and cupped Cas’s face and deepened the kiss. This heart was beating a mile a minute and all he could think was Cas. Eventually, they both had to pull away for air, but that didn’t stop Dean from chasing Cas’s lips for a final peck. They were both smiling like idiots with their foreheads resting against each others', Cas was the first to speak
“Yeah, Dad can I wear my bee socks? Please!” Jack asked with puppy dog eyes. Cas didn’t know where this appreciation for bees came from but he was very supportive and of course, he conceited
“Hello, brother.”Micheal said
“I was always human where it counted, I feel like I finally belong. I feel happy.” he said with a smile.
Dean never thought he would have this, but he knew he deserved it and so did Cas. Despite them being stupid for years, he was glad they could get to this point. They were tucking their daughter into bed; both of them kissed her forehead. She looked at her dads with her big blue eyes and freckles. “I love you, Daddy, I love you, Papa,” she said with a smile. Dean looked at Cas and then down at Charlie smiled and said: “ Goodnight, sweetie we love you.” Cas said softly. They began walking away before Charlie stopped them and said “you forgot to say it,”
“Guys, I think we could get Cas back! “ Jack said running in
“Yes?” Cas answered without taking his eyes off the area where Jack and claire had begun to build a snowman.
‘I’m getting the girls and we’re going to see you guys. Don’t go anywhere!” she said
Sam and Eileen were able to get out of the life and start a family. Some of the friends the brothers made along the way were able to help the pair safely get a house and get married. Which is a good thing because Sam and Elieen were both technically dead and Sam was on the FBI’s most-wanted list for a while.
“Wait, I’d hate to have you drive home when you’re tired, you could fall asleep and crash. If you want we could share my bed and that way you could fall asleep for a bit and leave when you’ve gotten some rest.” Cas suggested shyly
“You can be on my team Claire, we’ll take down these two traitors in no time!” Cas reassured the girl
“What do you mean gone?!’ Jack asked concern lacing his tone
“Well, we have enough clothes to last until January and I have the holidays off for work, so that won’t really be a problem. I just hope I can let my parents know I won’t be able to make it until after Christmas.” Cas said
“Hey, um Jack, is it what if I go with your dad and you wait here with my friend Jody. That way you are taken care of and your dad is safe. Does that sound good to you?” he offered to the kid. When he seemed satisfied with his suggestion, Dean was elated. This guy was cute, he didn’t see a wedding band on his finger, and Jack seemed like an interesting kid. Maybe he could find out some more on the short trip to his car.
“I used to think that, yes, however, he was the one who showed me who my father really was, I consider anyone who would do that, family. So where. Is. my. brother?”  Micheal asked more insistently.
“Wha- What, NO! I just meant-” Dean apologized frantically waving his hands.
“Ever the optimist, bro. “ teased Gabe
“What happened and where’s Cas?” his brother asked again slower and in a softer tone, seeing his brothers state.
“Really?! You’re trying a spell! I mean I knew you were desperate but I didn’t think you were stupid too, I wrote you better than that.” Chuck prodded “I’m out of here.” Chuck snapped but nothing happened. “What?!” he mumbled  “You’re trapped, Chuck. You see, we went through the Men Of Letters files and we found those sigils that Amara burned off all those years ago.” Dean explained, “Then we painted them all over this bar, see Gabe made it special just like the one we trapped Lucifer in a while back.” Sam added, “You were stuck the second, you showed asshole. By the way, it’s not just any spell it’s a separation spell, powered by that fiery little red-head.” continued Gabriel with a smirk. “I’m sure that Amara has seen what a liar you are by now.” said Micheal “Amara, please I know what we did was unforgivable but please listen. You know this isn’t right, help us.” the archangel continued “You think that she’s gonna listen to you? The Winchesters lied to her, you helped put her in the cage, at least I was honest with her!” Chuck shouted.
This plan was a boost in morale; there was finally a direction they were working towards. Dean could feel his hopes rising but he couldn’t give a damn. This was a step closer to getting Cas back.
Dean was bored; it had been a week since anybody checked into the inn. He had tried to tell Jody that they should just close down for a week, nobody was traveling this late and stopping anyways. Sioux Falls was such a small town and their inn was so out of the way surely nobody else would stumble upon it for a while. She just said: Dean you never know who could need a place to stay, so they kept it open. He had been busy in the back balancing their books. He hated doing such menial labor but Jody was busy and asked him to and after all she had done for him, how could he do anything less. Just then he heard the door open and voices outside in the lobby. Could it be had someone stopped by? He was about to head out before he remembered some boxes Jody had asked him to take behind the desk, so he picked them up off the ground and headed out.
“Dean said that there were complications last time, so they thought they could use the extra back up.”Jack said
“Well doing impossible things, is the Winchester way.” Dean countered “We all clear on the plan? “ he asked. With nods all around they piled in baby and made their way to the bar.
“I see, I’m sorry for your loss” she said resting a hand on Dean’s shoulder with a sad smile. With a curt nod, Dean walked back to the library. The next week went by simultaneously in a flash and at the speed of a turtle crossing the road.
“DEAN NOW!” shouted Jack and Dean crushed the ball
“Sam, you told me once that we need to make the head choice, not the heart choice, but right now, those are the same thing. Hell yeah, I’m in! Let’s get that cosmic entity in here!.” Dean answered. He hadn’t been so sure of anything in a while.
“Jack, go ahead and sit on that chair while I check us in,” he said crouching down to the boy’s level.
Sam went on explaining their plan to their friendly neighborhood cosmic entity. There was a moment of silence as the entity weighed its options. It looked between them before asking “Who do you need?”
“It could work, I mean it’s worth a shot.” Sam admitted, hope returning to his features
“Are you making fun of me for driving a Prius?” Cas said suddenly very serious
“Jack I’m sorry, we might not make it to grandma and grandpas until after Christmas, I know you were excited to see them.” he added expecting to see Jack dejected but he looked at him and realized he should have known better.
The rest of the boys stood there slack-jawed, it was a good plan, simple yet, effective.
“I’d love to but I already had breakfast. However, I know for a fact that Dean here hasn’t had any, so why don’t you join them and I’ll cover you until you finish there isn’t much to do right now anyway. What do say, son?” Jody asked him
“Are you ready for today?” she asked wearily
Jack came in from the kitchen, “Did it work? Did you-” he stopped in his tracks as his eyes found Amara. He had his answer.
“Wha- I don’t know what your- is it that obvious?” Dean gave up trying to deny that he had a crush, Jody already knew anyways
“Yeah, Cas I’d like that. '' Dean said, his heart doing somersaults at the prospect of cuddling with Cas. What is this guy doing to him? You know what honestly, he’s okay with it.
“Well, could I get y’all started with some drinks?” she asked, taking out a small notepad and pen.
“Billie? The Empty? What does that have to do with Cas?” Sam questioned, not seeing how those things were related. Sure Billie could have killed Cas, but what does that have to do with The Empty, and if Cas was dead where was his body?
“Of course, now I’ll let you two catch up.” she said and then walked out of the room closing the door behind her.
“Alright, so our plan is to have the kid wake Cas in The Empty, which we have no way of knowing will work, then him and Mike-” “My name is Micheal.” interrupted the archangel “Yeah, but its a nickn- you know what, nevermind. So they’ll pull him from that crap-hole and what The Empty will just let him go? Is that what we’re going with?” Dean questioned cocking his eyebrow.
Cas walked out of the door towards his car with Dean trailing close behind. “I am so sorry about him, he’s very um, protective of me.” Cas apologized again
“Nice try Dean, but I know my son would never-”
“Not at all, um Jack and I were going up to my parent’s house for the holidays. I wasn’t really expecting this blizzard; I don’t know what I would have done if I hadn’t’ seen your sign. By the way, your motel really does have an accurate name.” Cas explained he can’t believe it, he was blushing like a schoolgirl, although it did help with the cold; but damn he sees a cute guy who is decent and he’s falling in love with him. He can’t do that he’s a father for God’s sake, he needs to pull himself together.
Although he hated to admit it the guy had a point, Jack could sub for two archangels. They would still be down one, however, and-
“It would be fine by me but have you asked Jack’s Dad if it’s okay?” she said gesturing to Cas. The little girl then turned around along with Jack, “Can we?!” they said in unison giving the fiercest pair of puppy dog eyes Cas had ever seen.
“YOU KNEW?!” Dean exclaimed suddenly gaining the strength to lift himself off of the ground. “Why didn’t you say anything?” he asked grabbing Jack’s shoulders, his voice was desperate almost pleading.
“I brought you back, and to make sure The Empty wouldn’t try to come after you I made you human.” she said with a smile
“Yeah, Sammy. He’s off at Stanford, he’s gonna be a lawyer. I’ll tell you Cas, he’s crazy smart, humble too. You’d like him.” Dean answered beaming with pride.
“Where is Castiel, I haven’t seen him.” she continued
“Like bacon? I love bacon! Is there any here?” Jack responded eagerly
“Of course, it's been my pleasure and I mean that. It's not just some line to get you to come back to the inn again. Although, I wouldn’t mind that, you and Jack coming back at some point. ” Dean said, placing his hand on Cas’s with a soft look on his face. Cas’s stomach did a flip, he was glad Dean wanted him to come back. He even included Jack, usually the guys he dated tended to forget about his son, not that he was dating Dean but it was nice to know he recognized they were a package deal.
Hearing his brother’s voice Dean’s head snaps up, he sees his brother’s worried face searching him for any injuries. He then turns his attention to the figure standing above his brother, for just a moment he lets his min- his heart, believe that’s its Cas, that it had all been a nightmare and Cas was still there. However, he quickly realized that it was Jack; he had never taken the time to see the resemblance between the two, but it was there.
Cas smiled he should have known this would be Jack’s reaction, he always saw everything as an adventure. He instructed his son to put on his coat so they could go check-in. When Jack was ready they got down and walked into the cabin in-front of them. As soon as they walked in, Cas was hit with the most wonderful smell of hot chocolate. The room was beautiful, with wooden floors, a Christmas tree set up in the corner. It was as if the holiday itself had come around. He walked up to the front desk and rang the bell.
“Don’t talk about my father!” Jack shouted and a sudden surge of power erupted from his hands, that sent Chuck to the ground with a grunt.
Jack thought about it for a second and then answered. “I suppose I could, but The Empty hates him, it wouldn’t let him out again.” he continued solemnly.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean and Micheal followed Jack back to the library, where Sam was waiting to explain what the hell Jack was going on about. Could this be it, would Dean get back his best- the love of his life?
As they walked into the library, everyone turned their attention to them. Cas heard his name be called and turned to see Jack running up to him and capturing him in a hug. He immediately hugged his son back as tears began to form in both of their eyes. Sam followed soon after and then Eileen. Then Gabriel and Micheal walked over.
They figured that maybe they could summon Chuck by getting his two sons one who is recently back from the dead to call him. They knew he was still on world because there were no other ones left. Gabe created an inescapable bar like the one he trapped Lucifer in to get to apocalypse world.
“Takes one to know one,” he says cheekily. He throws in a wink for good measure.
“No other reaction to, you know,” he waves his hand between himself and Cas.
“You got something to say to me? Say it to my fuckin’ face,” Dean glares at Walker. From the corner of his eye, he sees Sam take a step forward.
“Gotta go, Bela. I’ll call you later.” He throws his phone on the bed and sprints out of the bedroom. “Fuck, fuck, fuck!”
“Which was all of ten miles away from Ellen’s house, so it’s not like we never saw each other.”
with Cas.”
. Get outta here with that Bad Rabbit shit, grandpa.”
“OK,” Cas replies quietly, “I believe you.”
“I apologize. Sam, I’m looking forward to discussing any discomfort you may or may not be feeling in your throwing arm tomorrow, when you come see me at our mutual workplace.”
Cas turns and gives Dean a small smile. “I don’t mind.”
The first photo shows Dean standing behind Cas, one arm slung around his waist (so, before Ruby had arrived and pooped all over their friggin’ party). His other hand is holding a beer and pointing at someone outside of the frame. Dean is smiling—he’d bet he’s responding to something dumb Sam had said—and Cas is leaned back against him, laughing and looking absolutely relaxed in his arms. The next few must’ve been taken almost immediately after, because they play like a flipbook. Cas is looking up and behind his shoulder at Dean, who’s looking at him in turn and smiling, then Dean is kissing Cas, and in the last one, he’s still kissing Cas but he’s flipping off the camera.
to stay away. I went to medical school and convinced myself that I wanted to be a surgeon, before I realized how much I missed the game. I genuinely love baseball, and I made the decision to refuse to let my father dictate my life. I made my own choices.”
Dean chuckles. “Do you have a brother named Lucifer hiding somewhere?”
complain about
“Who says you’re not?” a voice in his head that sounds annoyingly like Sam contributes.
Cas enters the bathroom still wearing just his boxers, his eyes bleary with sleep.
“And for the record, I was never in fucking love with Benny, you gigantic asswipe!” He shouts in the direction of Sam’s bedroom before he slams the front door behind him.
“You’re fine, Winchester,” he whispers to himself in the darkness. “You don’t need to define your sexuality a month before the regular season starts. Focus on baseball, that’s what you’re good at.”
The realization that he maybe, possibly, could have been wrong to assume that the friggin’ apocalypse would happen if he came out leaves a surprisingly bitter taste in his mouth. Because if he’s wrong about these corporate-types, who else is he wrong about? And how long has he been unnecessarily shutting down a part of himself?
to call and lecture me about ‘proper comportment’ and ‘familial obligations.’ Apparently my deviant behavior reflects poorly on the Shurley family.”
“Shut your damn pie hole, you overgrown ape,” Dean hisses at his brother. “How about we put these sorry excuses for protein on the grill?” He says, clearly attempting to change the subject.
“You got this, Sammy. You’re gonna shut these assholes down, you hear me?”
“What can I say? Bad trades are a part of baseball. Who can forget Frank Robinson for Milt Pappas, for God’s sake?”
Dean shrugs and kisses him, ending their pointless argument.
He lowers his voice to barely a whisper. “Should I invite Cas to dinner tonight?”
“Sorry,” Dean chuckles, “I meant ‘good luck, bae.’”
“Welcome to the fucking club, buddy.”
Sam trusted that bitch.”
Cas snorts. “Crowley Media is constantly scraping the very bottom of the barrel, Dean. No one actually trusts what they publish.”
“We done here?”
“Sam, you finished second in the Cy Young voting. Can we expect to see anything different from you next season to help you improve?”
“As your manager, I gotta make sure your head’s gonna be on right to deal with Sam. Otherwise I’ll have to start Milligan.”
“I was
“Dean, are you sure about this? We haven’t talked through what’s going to happen if we take this course of action.”
“I know the social norms around texting, but I feel that this conversation should be had face-to-face.”
When he glances at Cas, he’s staring at Dean with that intense look in his eye again. Dean coughs and averts his gaze.
Dean looks at Cas for a few moments, anger blazing in his eyes. He manages to keep his voice steady, despite wanting to scream.
a pitch is going to be fouled. You have mad skills.”
Sam looks up and meets Dean’s eyes, surprised. He never gets anything except reassurance and, at most, some stern advice from Dean; the whole “tough love” tactic has never worked well with Sam, so Dean’s rarely employed a harsh word during an outing.
There’s nothing salacious about the video, but it clearly shows two men kissing and hugging—nothing platonic about it. Dean skims the rest of the article, which goes on to give a brief bio of both him and Cas, and then speculates about their fucking wedding plans. The final paragraph makes Dean break out into a cold sweat.
He checks his phone and sees that he has several unread messages.
Dean laughs and Cas glares at him. “No, Claire, we have to show kindness to Yankees fans, too.”
“It’s fucking Sunday, Samantha. What time is it? 7 am?”
To Cas (11:28 am):
“Oh, well I watched the “Back to the Future” trilogy and tried a milkshake for the first time.” Jack said with an innocent smile
“See Jack, not enough. Why don’t you get Castiel, oh that’s right you can’t, he’s dead.” he said with a grin. Dean wanted to rip his throat out but he couldn’t come out from where he was standing.
“Yeah don’t worry Jody, she was great.” Dean added
“I love you, Cas. I’ll never get tired of saying that.” Dean said
“Make that two.” added Dean
Cas drove with caution through the snow, he knew there was a chance of snow but he didn’t think it would be this bad. Suddenly a flash of red caught his attention as he drove closer he could finally make out that it was a sign that read: The Miracle Inn. There was luckily a vacancy sign next to it. He sighed a breath of relief as he slowly pulled into the parking lot of the little motel trying to make sure not to wake his seven-year-old son Jack who was laying across the back seat of his car. He parked and put on his coat, ready to brave the freezing temperature.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“What did she say? Are they okay?” Dean asked
“Oh, okay what do you think?” Dean asked turning his attention to his half-brother
“I have to rest, my power is drained after that stunt.” she told them.
After getting their coats on and saying goodbye to Jack and Claire, Dean led Cas to his car which was parked closer. Cas’s eyes became saucers when he saw Baby, Dean had to admit that made him feel warm and fuzzy.
“Alright, I think I’ll turn in for the night. Well after finishing the books.” Dean commented
