--lady_slice
Thanos grinned at him, accentuating that wicked scar on his face. “Good.” He motioned for Obadiah to follow him into the testing room. As they entered the room, the scientists scrambled around trying to prep the device again for use. Thanos motioned for Obadiah to stand with him near the device.
Tony backed off as it became clear to him that Steve was hesitating. “Or not. I’m not going to pressure you, of course.” He smiled before turning back around to talk to Bruce.
Tony waited a second before he heard her voice. “Hey, May. Oh, that’s good…no need, I’ll pick him up later this afternoon…,” Tony walked around his desk to shuffle through some papers, balancing his phone on his shoulder, “…ha, yeah I’m taking the afternoon off, finally for the first time in a while…that’s also good to hear…okay I’ll see you two later today…talk to you later.” Tony hung up after a second, looking downward at his phone.
Steve nodded, closing his eyes. “Yeah…fucking amazing…”
He inhaled then exhaled deeply before rising and heading toward his bedroom.
Tony reminded himself.
Tony stared directly at Steve whose facial expression had changed, but Tony couldn’t get a read on how he was feeling, so he pressed on anyway.
Tony chuckled as he moved the drawings of Peter and Ned’s robot to his bedside table so Steve could get more room to lie down completely flat in the bed.
“We’ll get through this, Tony…” Steve continued, reaching out to pat Tony on the shoulder much like he had earlier that day and many times before. This time Tony didn’t hesitate, in fact he leaned in toward Steve.
As they sat in silence, Tony replayed the last few interactions he had with Steve since they started spending more time together. Something about Steve willing to start over and the revelation that maybe he wasn’t as serious with Sharon led Tony to believe that maybe he could jumpstart his romantic relationship with Steve again. Or at least find some sort of relief in a very emotionally charged moment he hadn’t felt since the first time they kissed.
“I understand, Tony…” Steve offered.
Rhodey nodded as he pointed away from the group. “Uh, yeah. He said something about needing to go back to your guys’s suite.”
Steve looked at Tony then back at the house, telling himself to give Tony some time. Suddenly, Tony groaned loudly to himself as he motioned for Steve to exit the car with him.
“...you’re a lot happier now…”
“What do I do that’s weird?”
Steve watched Tony turned slightly to look at him out of the corner of his eye. “Uh, yeah, I think that’ll be okay…” he laughed quietly before looking back at the projection, “you don’t have weekend plans with Sharon?”
Tony chuckled before walking to the other side of the lab. He pressed a button on a panel below a console to reveal the chip embedded with the failsafe codes to the Synergy device. He typed in a code before retrieving the chip from the panel. He then turned around with the chip to show to Riri.
“I have no doubt it will be.” Tony joked back.
Tony could tell that Steve was still embarrassed but decided not to tease him about it. He leaned inward to kiss Steve, breathing deeply as the kiss moved slowly between them.
Tony pressed his clicker a few times to zoom in closer to the vibranium core. Everyone, except for Obadiah, scooted their chairs closer toward the table as numbers and specs ran next to the image. Tony ignored the board’s murmuring as he glanced back at Obadiah who was now crossing his arms. The older man wore a strange smile, one that used to make Tony feel extremely uncomfortable when he was younger, but of course he pressed on without missing a beat.
Steve thought, now grappling with wanting to stay.
Tony coughed again. He looked away from Steve. “Well, I’m not putting everything on blast.” He tried to explain before returning to face him.
Steve considered it; he wasn’t sure if that was a good idea taking into account last night. “I think I’ll just stay for dinner…maybe we can do something together this weekend?”
“Uh, that’s…” Tony laughed as he smiled, turning more to face Steve, “…that’s great to hear, Rogers!”
“Does anyone else think I’m sleeping with Tony?” Steve questioned, sounding more anxious than he had intended.
“Just don’t get carried away, please.” Steve let out as he closed his eyes. He heard Tony laugh some more before feeling two hands slid around his waist.
“Wanna dance?” Steve ended the question with a cute shrug, almost mimicking the time Tony had asked him to dance at the board event.
“I really don’t want to talk about, okay?” Tony looked intently at Bruce before looking back down at his tablet.
Soon Seinabo Sey’s “You” began playing, instantly making Tony’s eyes well up right on que; this was one of his favorite songs, so he knew the lyrics all too well.
Steve smiled, but then he leaned back into the couch, still looking very much upset with the situation.
“Sorry to break it to ya, Rogers, but there’s no honor in Capitalism. Welcome to the real fucking world where things cost shit.”
Finally, Steve realized that Tony was holding a tube of lube. He felt a little uneasy as it became clear that there were about to have anal sex.
Tony gently maneuvered his body so that he was now lying halfway on top of Steve. “Yeah, but even more so since I got to know you better…” He smiled sweetly down at Steve who reciprocated the expression.
Steve drown Bruce’s voice out as he began securing his safety uniform. He felt someone grab a hold of his arm.
Tony nodded as he tried not to look so awkward from how thoughtful Steve was being. “Uh, yeah. Good idea, Rogers.” He cleared his throat again.
“No.” Tony also looked down at the letter before tossing it into a drawer in a table next to the bed.
Steve smiled politely, but kept an eye out for Tony, which turned into an awkward game of keep away the rest of the night. He managed to avoid his lab mate as much as possible; at one point, Steve left a conversation hanging as soon as Tony approached him and Clint. Clint looked confused as soon as Steve excused himself abruptly, but then shrugged it off. Tony also looked bewildered but appeared to recover.
Steve remained completely silent as he looked through the photos of the files on Tony’s phone.
But before he could make a decision, Steve rubbed his nose against Tony’s cheek. “I think I’m going to come, Tony.” He whispered.
"Steve, you know you can stay here as long as you want."
Tony nodded before pulling up the equations Natasha managed to locate on his tablet, but something was amiss; he had never seen such a mathematical construction before, well not in real life. It was obvious that they were dealing with something out of the ordinary.
Suddenly, Tony stood up quickly, but he took his time before addressing the group.
…seen…a more
The board members began murmuring to themselves as they shuffled around to exit the landing. Obadiah looked down at the team before leaving. Steve looked up at him and gave him a fake smile. Obadiah saluted him with a disingenuous grin before exiting with the others.
Steve sighed, trying to process his feelings and further assess Tony’s behavior. The feeling grew worse as he thought about waking up in Tony’s bed after dreaming about them making out. He groaned again as he slapped a hand to his forehead, upset with himself that he could never seem to get this whole dating thing right—
Bruce smacked Tony a little too hard in the chest who then recoiled upon impact.
Instantly, everyone, except Steve, reacted verbally to Tony’s answer.
“J.A.R.V.I.S.,” Tony kept his eyes on the email, “scan this email sent to me early this morning at 4am…”
“I was just reading before calling it a night…trying to keep my mind occupied…are you all right?” Steve repeated.
the person who probably knew him the best would give him the hardest time since they hadn’t seen each other in a few months.
Steve couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He watched Tony stare at him, almost as if he were silently pleading with Steve to just accept everything that had happened between the last time they saw each other and now.
Steve shook his head, trying to ignore Tony. “
They smiled at one another until their waiter appeared again to take their food orders. After ordering, both sat in complete silence until Tony spoke up.
Steve waved back before turning to face Tony who retained a pleasant expression on his face.
“…I’m so sorry…Steve…”
Tony thought instantly. Tony knew it would be awkward seeing Steve’s best friends again, but he thought he wouldn’t have to deal with speaking with either Sam or Bucky until the wedding.
After finishing what they could with the Synergy device, Tony, Bruce, and Shuri piloted one of Tony’s helicopters to Roosevelt Island, radioing ahead to request permission to land on one of Middleton’s landing pads. As soon as the helicopter landed, they were met with an excited gang of conference staffers who hadn’t expected Tony to appear at their event.
Obadiah cautiously watched Thanos from behind as the scientist busied himself with his work at his desk. Obadiah scowled from the expected rebuke; since entering Thanos’s office, the scientist had yet to turn around and acknowledge him face to face.
Steve held onto one of Tony’s legs as he held it against his body, using his other hand to feel the rest of Tony’s body.
Bruce shrugged as the pair went back to work for some time, but Tony had trouble focusing. All he could think about was seeing Steve again and how he could figure out some way to show him that he still cared about him and maybe they could start over.
Tony closed the door before slumping down to the floor. He wasn’t sure if his nightmare had been about the night his parents died or the night he had learned about Peter’s. After a while, the details of the two nights had merged together. He could only imagine how Peter felt when he had learned about his parents’ deaths.
Steve stared down at Tony. “…I need…to know where this is going…we haven’t really…talked about it out loud…”
Tony waited a moment before clapping his hands together. “Okay, well…it was worth the shot.” His voice trembled as he answered.
Obadiah blinked a few times, hearing a voice call his name, but instead of responding, he tightened his grip on the briefcase he was holding.
Tony rolled his eyes as he laid the tablet he was holding on his lap. “So, you have super hearing now too?”
“Please don’t turn this into a bigger deal than it already is, but…” Tony shook his head as he leaned backward in the booth.
Tony waited for a second or so before Steve sent him a reply.
Bucky had just flown into the city and would be staying for a couple weeks before shipping out abroad for the rest of the year. After that, Bucky would have the choice to continue his service in the states and the three friends were hoping to get a bigger place together in the future.
“Can we get out of here, please?”
Tony squinted his eyes as he tried to make sense of the notation.
Steve nodded as he pushed upward into Tony. “I miss you too, Tony.”
“Open brackets: delta, epsilon, sigma, aleph, closed brackets. Open brackets: 1456 divided by 356, beth, closed brackets.” Tony began rattling off the solutions to input into the device. Steve worked as quickly as possible; he was still learning which keys on the device created which functions.
Natasha took her time approaching him, stopping a few feet in front of him.
much like Tony. He sat up immediately, realizing he wasn’t at home in his apartment.
Peter nodded with a huge smile as he sat down next to Steve, rattling on about the comic being an alternate universe of their own with their family and friends dressed up like superheroes and fighting cosmic bad guys.
“See. Right there. There’s something off about the footage.” She pointed to an obvious speck on the screen.
Steve saluted Peter back. “At ease, private.” He answered before squatting to be at eye level with Peter.
Fury chuckled before clasping Steve’s shoulder again. He gestured toward the door. Steve exhaled deeply before nodding his head. He took one more deep breath as he let Fury brush past him to open the door into the conference room. Steve hesitated as Fury continued into the room, walking past a few people as he made his way to the front of the table.
Tony pressed another button on his clicker to show what it would look like if the Synergy device was used improperly. The holographic image turned an assortment of contrasting colors while shaking uncontrollably.
“Hey, Tony. If you’re free tonight, would you like to come over for dinner? I’m thinking 7pm.” Steve rocked back and forth on his heels behind Tony who was facing the console he was usually stationed.
Tony nodded with a chuckle. “I suppose you can call them that. My dad always had shit lying around from his experiments, so I would just put together whatever I could get my hands on.”
“Actually,” Tony made his chair recline as Steve sat down next to him, “I think I might end up passing out…I need to ask T’Challa where he bought these chairs…”
“Of course, Obie. That’s what business partners do. They don’t hide things from one another.” Tony responded, still sitting at the table.
“Rogers. Are you going to stand out there all day? We got work to do.” The glass muffled Tony’s voice, but Steve stood at attention once he realized that Tony had spotted him watching him work. He heard Tony laugh lightheartedly as Steve stood rigid; Steve was still too flabbergasted by what he had just witnessed.
“This is Rhodey, short for Colonel James Rhodes.” Tony clapped Rhodey on the back as he pointed toward Rhodey before pointing toward Steve.
Steve let Tony walk ahead of him, hesitating a bit before following. He finally caught up with Tony, standing a little too closely behind him as the latter opened the fridge. Tony made a show of trying to find something for Steve to drink.
“But he didn’t. You could have gone your whole life without saying anything and no one would have known.” Sam sighed from laughing so hard.
“Dammit.”
“J.A.R.V.I.S., could you lower the volume please.” Tony continued to watch Steve walk toward him. His expression was reserved.
“Tony?” He heard behind his back. At this point all Tony wanted to do was to turn to Steve and hug him as tightly as possible. He began to regret what he had said.
But of course, considering how dangerous the suit could be, Tony had kept his invention to himself. Steve and Peter had override access codes to J.A.R.V.I.S. but those were only to be used in case of emergency. Tony knew that although Steve was a pro when it came to working with the Synergy device, he was still too freaked out to try anything else high tech, so Tony didn’t have to worry about him snooping around and finding the specs to the suit. Peter was more of a consideration, but Tony knew that his newly minted teenager was too obsessed with his personal life to really care about anything his dad was possible getting into.
“Cap, what’s up? Isn’t this what you wanted?”
“Mr. Rogers? Here are your discharge papers.” The nurse walked up to the bed as Steve and Tony pulled apart from one another. The nurse waited patiently for Steve to sign the papers, but he was struggling to do so because his muscles were fatigued.
Tony chatted a bit longer before saying goodbye. He turned around to walk back toward Steve. “Okay, we’re good to go! Thanks a million, Cap.” He winked at Steve.
Steve remained still, hoping Dr. Selvig hadn’t noticed him spying through the glass. He watched the scientist stride quickly down the corridor.
Tony nodded slowly. “Sure, Rogers,” but then he groaned loudly as he slapped a hand to his forehead.
“Hey, you have to clean your room though, Parker. You know the deal.”
It was obvious that Bruce hadn’t appreciate the comment; Tony watched his friend’s face contort into a look of serious concern.
Tony stepped forward as he watched Thor and Natasha manhandle Loki out of the space. “You’re helping by going to S.H.I.E.L.D.
“Steve!” Peter not only seemed excited to see, he ran toward Steve with glee.
“Tony, I don’t want to hear that.”
Both Shuri and Bruce responded verbally. Tony then turned to face Steve. “Rogers, we’re going to help Thor track Loki, but we need to do it off hours. Thor, figure out his usual hangouts, but keep us in the loop and we’ll get him with you, okay?”
Fury glanced around the room once more before exiting swiftly. “I need to smooth this over with the board,” he concluded on his way out.
Bucky rolled his eyes as he swatted Steve’s arm away. “It’s nothing, Cap. I was just making a joke. Lighten up.”
“Beyoncé?” He said out loud to no one, his vision blurry.
“Tony…I hope this doesn’t ruin our working relationship…” Steve managed to get out; he genuinely sounded concerned.
“Tony? Are you going to be okay?” Bruce asked. Tony could tell that his friend was trying to mediate between being concerned for his safety and the tension he had recreated with Steve.
“Look, Steve. I should be honest with you…” Tony started. He wasn’t sure where he was headed, but he needed to be upfront with Steve about his personal life. Maybe that would finally help him sort out how to navigate his feelings.
Tony yawned loudly as he entered his home office, carrying a second cup of coffee. The setup in the office wasn’t as robust as the lab on the seventieth floor of Stark Tower, but it had most of the equipment and a console Tony could use to do some provisional work.
Steve couldn’t help smiling back at his friend as he did his best to clink their plastic glasses together.
Bruce swiveled his head back and forth, now embarrassed that Tony had overheard him asking Natasha out for drinks.
Tony swore as he slowly opened his eyes, greeted by a cheerful Peter bouncing on his bed to get him to wake up.
“Have you considered what Thor said about Loki?” Steve asked quietly.
know how much you like him.” Sam ended with an eye roll as Steve looked on, his expression weary.
Thanos stopped his work as he slowly turned around in his chair. Obadiah mentally sighed over the dramatics of such a scene; never had he ever worked with someone who had such an inflated self-importance about themselves. Well, that was besides what he perceived from his strained relationship with Tony.
“Mr. Stark!” One staffer greeted as soon as it was safe to approach the helicopter, “we’re so glad you could make it to our event!”
Pepper sighed. “You think you don’t deserve happiness, Tony, so you self-sabotage instead.” She explained as gently as possible although the words hit Tony as if he had fallen off a tall building before colliding with asphalt.
Steve smiled weakly, but he couldn’t have the conversation he wanted with Tony at the moment because they were close to disembarking.
Steve took a deep breath as he entered the lobby. He looked around at the people rushing in and out of the building, almost bumping into a woman who was talking on her phone while checking her watch. Steve managed to maneuver around another stranger as he walked up to the security desk.
But before Steve could finish, Tony waved him off with a soft, kind-hearted expression. “It’s fine. Don’t worry about it, Rogers.”
Obadiah had been told that after leaving the weapon at the tech conference, one of Thanos’s associates would pick up the weapon for safe keeping. Obadiah wasn’t sure what the point was taking the weapon to Roosevelt Island in the first place; he thought it would be best for Thanos to lie low after the S.H.I.E.L.D. raid so Obadiah could diplomatically redirect Stark Industries’ efforts into full weapon contracting with Thanos and his scientists secretly working on building weapons for the company.
Steve leaned downward to pick up his bag. He heard the others, as they made their way out of the conference room, welcome him to the team. But instead of hearing Tony’s voice, all Steve was left with, as he glimpsed once more around the room before leaving with Bruce, was an awkward looking Tony with his hands in his jeans staring in his general direction. Steve smiled as best as he could but didn’t wait for Tony to reciprocate. He felt too uneasy himself to really acknowledge their team leader.
Agent Hill tapped on her earpiece. “Right away, sir.”
Happy managed to hold the reporter at a distance as the group walked down the hallway.
Steve sat rigid in the chair, trying not to look even more frightened than he had been about a second before. Tony gave him a thumbs up and a cheeky smile before pressing a button on the device. It made a clicking noise, but before it did anything, Tony suddenly lurched to the side, screaming in agony as he fell off his seat.
“The upgrades show this, Tony. And you have Shuri working on the project, too. It’ll only get better,” Steve reached out a hand toward Tony as he continued, “we have an opportunity to do great things with Synergy, Tony. And it’ll help in rerouting Stark Industries from weapons manufacturing like you want.” He ended with a restrained smile.
, and second…” he made another motion with his hands to indicate Sharon and Steve, “she doesn’t know that I used to fuck her boyfriend!” His voice slightly raised with anger causing Bruce to make shooing motions with his hands to get Tony to quiet down.
Tony stopped struggling with the lock as he let Steve gently turn him around so he could face him directly.
Tony let out a sigh of relief which shocked Steve; outside of their conversation, it never occurred to him that someone like Tony could be this vulnerable.
Both Steve and Tony were standing in the latter’s kitchen one evening after work, practicing their lines for the first promotional tour for the Synergy device. Tony was walking around the space, rifting on lines while Steve stood awkwardly in one place at the island, looking down anxiously at a piece of paper with some notes scribbled on it.
Tony looked at Steve. “Uh, yeah—yes, of course. Thank you for having my back with Thor.”
do something dangerous.”
“…I should have handled this better…” Steve offered, “I didn’t realize that this would be such a huge deal…”
“Rogers, let me show you the other labs and facilities. We’ll also discuss the project more with the rest of the team.” Steve turned around to acknowledge a content-looking Tony.
Rhodey smiled back but his face turned solemn again. “I’m sorry I can’t go with you to the house…you know I would if I didn’t have to be in D.C.—”
Tony rounded the desk to sit on the edge in front of Steve. “Fury and his agents have more than enough information to deal with that crackpot, okay? Besides, I have Peter to worry about and you just had major surgery, Steve. The more we keep using this thing, the more dangerous it becomes.”
“The board is looking forward to it, especially to see how well you work with the device, Mr. Rogers.” Obadiah opened his office door for Steve. Steve nodded once more before standing in the doorway.
“Okay,” Shuri started up again as she opened up the device, “let’s see what we can finish before leaving this resort…”
Thor jumped up from the floor, barely disoriented by the punch. Steve was now scuffling around on the floor with another one of Loki’s friends who was trying to choke him. Thor grabbed Steve’s assailant, throwing him to the other side of the room.
Mr. Beck lingered as he shook Tony’s hand. “Same, Mr. Stark,” he answered quietly, eying Tony before facing Peter and Ned again.
Tony clapped his hands together with delight as Bruce straightened up with a grin. “All we have to do is interview you the old school way? That’s a bargain for us!” Tony nearly exclaimed.
“Jesus…fuck, baby.” Tony groaned. He stopped stroking Steve to reposition himself and Steve quickly reached downward to feel himself.
Bruce grumbled at Tony, but then noticed Steve in lab. He patted Tony on the shoulder. “You’ll be fine.” He grinned before heading toward his own lab.
“Okay, Stark. Sending the equations your way.” Natasha used the tablet to point toward Tony.
“…you know what the best thing is about having this device locked down?” Tony started up again as Steve walked toward him, “I can test these scenarios I’ve been tinkering with in the simulation suite…”
“Banner was supposed to go with me, but something came up…” Tony looked directly at Steve, “…would you like to come along instead? I understand if you don’t want to…”
Me too, Rogers.
Tony used his good arm to point at the device. “We need,” he groaned again, “…we need to get the device to stop shaking long enough for it to finish constructing the detonator. We—” Tony shrieked, trying to hold his bad arm with his good arm. Steve carefully propped him up as he continued, pointing at the chip in Steve’s hand, “…we gotta use the chip…to keep the device stable as we work…I remember seeing this in my dad’s schematics…it was something about…what happens in the event the device is compromised…but the key…the chip keeps it stable, Steve…”
He was so annoyed, not really with Rhodey, but more with how terrible he felt since he last saw Steve. Making out with Steve had been so fucking hot and Tony thought he had made progress by not rushing things, but the way Steve had scurried out of the penthouse the morning after made him feel like a complete idiot.
Tony groaned. He put down his tablet to pinch the bridge of his nose. “J.A.R.V.I.S., please. I’m trying to get some work done.”
Sam and Bucky began debating with each other over which place they should have lunch. Steve stopped Tony by gently placing a hand on his shoulder.
Peter rolled his eyes as he jumped out of the car, motioning for Ned to follow him. The boys bolted toward the back of the truck to make sure their robot was still in one piece. Tony hopped out of the driver’s seat side to assist.
“Okay,” Tony made a motion with his hands, “turn this way, then that.”
Steve looked at Sam who shrugged. “Yeah, why don’t you stay?”
Steve sighed, remembering saying those exact words to Tony. He took a step toward Tony, trying to come up with something to diffuse the tension.
Steve listened intently to Obadiah as he was being led away. Even if Steve had known what Obadiah had said about their relationship, Tony knew Steve would still behave professionally considering that the fate of the project was on the line.
Suddenly the conversation Tony had had with Sam at the press event popped into his head.
Bruce paused as he placed the tablet he was holding on the console. “…did you tell Steve what happened after you guys broke up?” He asked quietly.
Tony cursed to himself as he walked past a chatty group of undergraduate students standing outside one of the labs encased in frosted glass.
“…okay, let’s get some sleep…” Steve whispered back, kissing the back of Tony’s head before settling.
“…I would like to slide my cock in and out of that beautiful ass of yours, but I would also like to feel you inside of me…” Tony whispered, now lying on top of Steve, grinding his body up against his, feeling his chest as he nestled his nose in the crook of Steve’s neck.
Steve’s brow furrowed with determination. “Of course, Tony. I wouldn’t say that if it weren’t true.” But that didn’t seem to help either. The statement only made Tony groan some more.
“I think we’ll go with this set. What do you think, Parker?” Tony placed Peter back down on the ground next to him before straightening up to look at the numbers.
Both Steve and Tony leaned forward to see that the test on the left had a giant red “A+” on it but the one on the right had an equally red and giant, yet disturbing “F” on it. Both Steve and Tony gapped at each other, paralyzed by the grade gap.
As J.A.R.V.I.S. answered him, Tony looked around the lab once more before leaving.
“Right, Buck?” Sam repeated.
Agent Hill nodded before exiting the room. Natasha turned to look at the footage again; her brow furrowed with resolution.
“Right away, Sir.” J.A.R.V.I.S. answered, “you have a meeting at 10am. Afterward is the board meeting. Following lunch, you have a phone call coming from the west coast with Ms. Potts. Mr. Parker will be home later this evening and his school report is due tomorrow.”
Earlier that day, Tony had been doing damage control with Pepper and Fury: signing off on press releases and the necessary paperwork and phoning anxious investors. It would take several months, maybe a year or two to close out the team’s correspondences.
Tony chuckled as he helped Steve sit up in the bed so he could mend the scratch on Steve’s face from the fall. Steve held still for Tony, watching him closely as Tony took his time cleaning the scratch before applying a liquid band-aid.
“…Steve’s best friend…I think he’s keeping something from me…” Tony slowly admitted.
“You don’t say? You’ll have to remind me where you were stationed.” Tony attempted as cheerfully as possible although he could care less about this and wanted to talk more about Peter.
“No worries, Mr. Rogers,” Mr. Beck repeated, “we just started.”
The following day, Tony and Steve assessed whatever was left before loading some items into their car to either be kept privately or donated to a museum. Everything else was tossed into a dumpster to be hauled off later by the current owner. They drove back to the city that evening, Tony chatted about work and Steve listened, yet he anxiously mulled over his decision to keep something this big away from Tony.
“I want to keep you in the loop with everything that’s happening with the device. It’s only right since you’re the one who works with it the most.”
“For the longest time, it was just her and Bucky who I considered to be family…I’m thankful I met Sam, especially to get me through law school…But she would have been so thrilled about Synergy…” Steve rambled on a bit as a string of statements filtered through his head, each one connecting to something else.
Thor grunted, nearly shoving Steve out of the way, but the other appeared unfazed by it. They walked up the stairs leading to the front door, taking note of their surroundings before opening the door.
“I can take that for you, if you want.” Tony held out a hand for the jacket.
Tony nodded, happily pointing to a cupboard. Steve retrieved a couple plates, washed them off, and found some silverware before walking to the dining room. Tony met him with a giant serving plate full of breakfast food.
“Yes, the board would like for you to promote your facial alteration device.” J.A.R.V.I.S. reminded Tony.
“Ready?” Tony grinned.
“So, you know…” Rhodey lingered, pointing at Tony.
Obadiah kept grinning as he spun around to walk down the corridor. Tony watched him leave before marching off in the opposite direction to access the elevator. He rode the elevator down to the lobby, nearly doubling over from how unsettling Obadiah had been since they launched Synergy. He counted to himself, trying to think about Steve getting better as the elevator reached the lobby.
Tony nodded slowly as he stared back at Steve who reciprocated the expression.
Tony laughed. “Hey! It’s a compliment. Your massages are so good it feels like I’m on the brink of an orgasm.” He held up his hands to side with a shrug as if that were commonplace language.
promising.” He offered. Tony could hear the condescension in his tone, but he shrugged it off.
“Hey, enjoy yourselves.” Tony extended as he walked over to Bruce and Pepper.
They said goodbye to everyone before walking back to their suite. And although Steve finally had the alone time he had desperately needed to talk to Tony, he found himself unable to bring up anything serious as he and Tony talked about their day on T’Challa’s yacht.
Steve scolded himself.
Fury sighed, facing the group before motioning toward Agent Hill. She nodded back before briskly leaving the helm.
Sam turned to Bucky. “Okay, Buck. You’re with me.” He waved at Steve and Tony before walking to one of the elevator banks.
“That goes into the shit pile.” He answered sharply before turning back to a box.
He handed Steve a tissue. “Here, Rogers.” Tony said with a grin.
Tony swallowed a lump in his throat before straightening himself out. He took a moment, walking as calmly as possible to the elevator.
Steve took in another deep breath. “…Tony…I think…I’m going to come again…” He gasped.
Again, the group agreed with Tony and the state of the project. Tony nodded back as he accidentally locked eyes with Steve. He then physically turned his body to look at Thor who was flanking the group on the opposite end.
Tony nodded to himself as he turned to look at a projection of the Synergy device’s vibranium core above a console.
Tony sighed, hanging his head as he attempted to pull Steve toward his body. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it that way…it’s more like…well…”
Tony dusted off his phone before glaring at Bruce; he knew he was right. Although he was sure Loki was withholding information that would implicate Obadiah, he never explicitly said so which might backfire on Tony in the future.
“Hey, Rogers…you had me worried for a bit…”
Steve pulled out a stool next to the island. “Oh, did I tell you that Sam, Bucky, and I are planning to get a bigger apartment when Bucky accepts his new assignment?” He settled on the stool, seemingly unaware of the bomb he had dropped on Tony.
“That seemed easy to come up with.” Tony could tell from the sound of Steve’s voice that he wasn’t too far behind him.
But the idea was intriguing, nevertheless—
Steve propped himself up with one elbow, laughing. “What?” Tony asked, still holding the sheet.
“You really think so, Tony?” Pepper managed to convey how shocked she was with Tony’s allegation although she kept her voice low.
He kept smiling as he headed toward his bedroom, looking constantly at his phone.
“My birthday database,” Tony repeated with a coy laugh, “every birthday I upload a backup of my memories to this database in case the worst happens.”
Lately, ever since they started working on their friendship, Steve had been thinking about whether he should tell Tony that he had kept the chip. During one workday afternoon, Steve remembered Tony vaguely explaining that the modifications to the Synergy device had made all the old components obsolete, so he wasn’t sure if it would even help.
“Uh, sure?” Tony finally responded as he looked around himself awkwardly before taking Steve’s hand to follow him toward the other dancing couples.
“Right away, Sir.”
Steve watched Obadiah clasped his hands together before answering.
“Nope. You’re doing a fabulous job. Please continue and don’t mind me.” Tony lounged. He glanced around the room before settling in his chair. He quickly acknowledged everyone but lingered the longest as he looked over in Steve’s direction. Steve remained undaunted, but there was something about Tony, like after his final interview, that Steve found a bit captivating. Tony grinned before facing forward to listen to Fury finish the presentation.
“So, I’m very much enjoying myself!”
Steve expressed his most genuine appreciation as he accepted the sheet. He kissed Tony before holding the sheet out to look at it from a better angle.
It felt like Tony’s insides were boiling. “Are you fucking kidding me, Banner? I had asked you
"Tony, you don't have to walk so slowly." Steve whined as they finally approached the entrance to the building.
“You know, not even my best scientists can get into this lab.” He added as he crossed his arms, grinning.
He thought about spending more time with Steve. He thought about the way Steve smiled at him which, surprisingly, began to loosen the pain somewhat. He took a deep breath as he thought about Steve interacting with Peter, telling himself that everything would be okay.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Steve also told me that he thought about being with Bucky once.”
“Same here, Rogers. But you’re not winning any points leaving so soon.” Tony made sure to convey with a smile that he was only teasing, which seemed to work because Steve grinned back.
Tony shook his head as he walked briskly down the hallway. “It’s not that, and you know that, Rogers. I’m not against therapy. But somethings not right…” he made sure he was further down the hall away from Mr. Beck’s classroom.
“Not to sound paranoid, but is there a possibility that these buyers might be a front for someone else?” Steve asked.
“Nice to see you again, Mr. Rogers.” J.A.R.V.I.S.’s voice greeted them immediately.
“Hey.” Steve said quietly, causing Tony to turn somewhat to acknowledge him.
Sharon nodded, smiling as she firmly shook Tony’s hand. “It’s really nice to meet you, Mr. Stark. Your place is really nice by the way.”
Ever since learning more about Thanos’s work at Hammer Industries, Tony had been consumed with trying to figure out the best way to move forward with Synergy. Also, and perhaps even more distressing, he had been using the newest company crisis to distract himself from seriously dealing with his feelings toward Steve.
“When he was writing in that fucking diary,” Tony shook his head as he sharply interrupted Steve, pointing a finger at the diary then to himself, “…those were some of the
Tony laughed as he ruffled Peter’s hair. “Yes, of course. I knew you were the smarter one out of the two of us.”
“I think we have the algorithm functioning more or less how we want it. We should be able to create scenarios out of this, also.” Tony turned to face Steve and smiled. “Good job, Rogers. This is great work.”
Obadiah laughed quietly as he looked downward. He had twisted his body to the side so that his forearm was on the back of the chair.
Tony grinned at Steve. “The mask of shame, Rogers. Keep up.” He teased.
Dear Mr. Rogers,
They kissed each other for some time like they had last night before Tony pulled away from Steve to smile at him, sitting up straight to stretch. He then shuffled off the bed before stretching some more.
“If you want, Sam, I could arrange a tour for you to see the labs.”
“When do you need us to leave, Fury?” Tony now had his hand on the back of Steve’s chair. Steve had to prevent himself from leaning backward; he tried to keep a straight face as he listened to Fury and Tony, but he was sure his facial expression betrayed his discomfort.
Agent Coulson nodded before tapping a few times on his earpiece. He exited the room as he began talking to another agent.
Steve could see Tony smiling at him out of the corner of his eye, but he was too embarrassed to look directly at him. He watched Tony cross their apartment to grab his things, before he stopped short near the door. Steve could feel Sam staring at him with that goofy smile which made him blush even more.
Natasha was standing over a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent, looking through reels and reels of security footage from Stark Industries from the last few weeks. Standing behind her were Agents Hill and Coulson.
Although Steve had been mostly preoccupied with learning the ins and outs of the Synergy device, he was also consumed with learning how to work best with Tony. There still had been no major fight between the two, not even a little spat. Steve reminded himself of his conversation with Bruce and everything seemed to be working fine. He had even noticed that although his lab mate hadn’t really apologized for the first simulation, Tony was trying to be a better teammate. Steve took it for what it was; he was still getting to know Tony.
While Steve was explaining, Tony tapped a few times on this phone. He laughed hysterically as soon as he found the thing he was searching for.
Tony shook his head as he told himself to focus.
simulations.” He calmly concluded.
The computer then projected the numbers above a console. Steve walked over to look at the numbers, although he wasn’t entirely sure what he was looking at.
“Also, thanks for the dance, Rogers.”
Tony stopped Steve short before they entered. “Just follow my lead, okay?” He smiled before walking ahead of Steve who nodded timidly.
“—Banner, stand down, okay?” Tony interrupted.
The group mumbled back the phrase as the photographer snapped a few photos. After a moment, Sam managed to gather the entire bridal party together. Steve and Tony stayed neared each other; Steve could sense that Tony was also feeling awkward about the mistake, but something about Tony staying near him strangely relieved Steve.
“I hate looking like the bad guy, but could you tell Bucky we’re all eating lunch here today? We have that deadline on—”
T’Challa had prepared multiple planes for the bridal party and friends to travel to the resort. Steve and Tony were sharing this plane with Sam and Bucky, along with a couple of T’Challa’s bodyguards and two in-laws.
Both Steve and Bucky glanced at the other, signaling to each other that they knew the board member assumed they were dating. Steve smiled as he crossed his arms while looking downward and Bucky let out a hearty laugh.
Steve nodded back, blushing now because of how confident Tony seemed to be in him. “Thanks, Tony. I really appreciate that.”
Strange led Steve and Tony inside the building, leading them to the section where Strange’s team kept the medical equipment.
“Uh, I mean temperature-wise.”
“Tony?” Steve repeated, still staring.
Steve looked downward at Tony before nodding. He then resettled himself to lie next to him.
“—Fury
want to work on a project with Tony Stark.” Sam continued. Steve could feel his friend’s widening smile at the mentioning of the famed tech genius.
“Hopefully it won’t come to that.”
Tony stopped mid bite. “’Never really’?” He repeated.
Tony laughed, although for some reason, it hurt to laugh; his chest was feeling weird again. He shook his head as he turned to face Steve.
Sam slowly nodded. He looked around them again as if to make sure Steve wasn’t nearby. “Yeah, Tony. I thought you guys were going to get married. Definitely before Shuri and I…I’ve never seen Steve so serious about someone before and that’s saying a lot.”
Steve was intently listening to Fury and Natasha banter back and forth with the board member they had gathered around. He contributed to the conversation more than usual, finding himself becoming more comfortable with discussing not only the Synergy device but also his much-appreciated involvement with the team.
on tumblr! Check out their work; it’s so good! I’m so glad to have their work associated with this fanfic.
Tony maneuvered around Steve, laughing as he set up a prep station on the island. “If I have everything out, then we can move quicker.”
Steve looked over at Tony who was still looking downward at the record. He was clenching the casing at the edges.
Steve shrugged. “It’s probably a power move.” He answered casually, sipping out of his water glass as he watched a few couples dance.
need to talk about what happened after Thor’s party…” Tony finished quietly; arms crossed.
After looking through some items in the dining room and the living room, Tony and Steve were sitting in the middle of the living room next to the fireplace, eating a pizza they had ordered.
Tony nodded back as he crossed his arms. “The board is dragging its feet on this thing, but I think we can make a solid case for letting the government pick up Synergy. Also, we can use what we learned from this fiasco to make—”
Steve looked at Tony. “Uh, hi, Dr. Strange.” He answered, sounding just as awkward as Tony looked.
Bucky kept grinning, looking at what Steve had behind his back before looking directly at Steve.
“Okay, this time we’re going to make it grab something.” Peter said to Tony.
“Baby, I’m sorry. I’ll stop. You’re so innocent and so sexy. I’m really sorry, but you are
“Mr. Stark! It’s so great to see you. Late night, sir?” The employee looked back and forth between Steve and Tony, seemingly unaware that both were completely disheveled.
“I’m sorry…I got…into an argument with Steve…that’s why he hasn’t been here…”
Steve sighed with a grin before rising from the couch. “Okay, Thor. Pour me a glass of… Jörmungandr.” He took his time pronouncing the word as he marched up to Thor who, along with everyone else, cheered him on.
Steve laughed to himself. “Bucky and Sam keep trying to hook me up with someone whenever we go out, but I’m so awful at dating.”
Steve was lying in Tony’s bed underneath the covers in his briefs, watching Tony as he emerged from the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his shoulders after taking a shower. While Steve felt more comfortable around Tony considering the current state of their relationship, he still felt anxious; although he had admitted to Tony that he was sexually inexperienced, he was afraid that said lack of experience would be more hindering than he had anticipated.
“...we got into a huge fight…” Tony looked downward and away from Pepper.
“This is the best thing for us. Just trust me, okay?” Tony stared at Steve, trying not to cry again.
Steve only nodded as he rose from his desk to walk Tony out. Tony did the same, but he waved Steve off.
Tony whined to himself.
Tony finally broke away from Steve, but he walked back toward the bed. “He has nightmares, Steve. He’ll wake up and call for me and…I won’t be there—He’ll probably think I abandoned him!” He started hyperventilating while clenching his chest.
“…besides, I’m no better than Obie or an unhinged, disgruntled ex-Stark Industries employee, right?” Tony had turned away from Steve to walk to his desk. He sat down, looking through some papers stacked on top.
Peter smiled before pointing to Tony and Steve. “These are my dads, Mr. Beck.”
Tony told himself.
Ever since Tony’s father and mother, Howard and Maria Stark, died, there had been a very public power struggle between Tony and Obadiah over the control of Stark Industries. After his parents passed, Tony hadn’t been in the condition to properly run the company but was saved when Pepper later stepped in to serve as a figurehead while he got his shit together. Several years later, Tony asked Pepper to serve as the CEO so he could focus on working in his lab more hours during the day. He had no interest in really running the company, but he didn’t want someone like Obadiah in charge; it was obvious that the man would contract projects to mercenaries and private companies to build weapons and Tony was trying to move the company away weapons manufacturing.
“Tony…it’s okay…but just know that I care about you, okay?” He then reached out across the table with one hand.
As he slid across the clinic to assist Clint, Steve told himself to stop being weird and just talk to Tony. Maybe something personal was going on with his lab mate.
Gamora shook her head. “There’s a possibility that he knows what he’s talking about.”
Steve emerged from the bathroom that was connected to the room with a towel wrapped around his waist while using another to dry his hair. Tony was lying in the bed wearing his reading glasses and tapping rapidly on a tablet. Steve smiled to himself, thinking about finally asking Tony if they could go further that night, but he wasn’t sure how to ask without sounding silly.
“Water’s fine.” Steve answered quietly.
relaxing, Rogers. Come on, it’ll be fun.”
Steve sighed as he watched Tony pat his side of the bed. Steve took his time getting into the bed before Tony handed him his gift.
Obadiah inhaled then exhaled deeply, closing the briefcase before carefully placing it on the floor to slide into the niche. He locked the secure look on the briefcase before straightening himself out and calmy walking out of the room.
Tony kept his head in his hands as he heard the door to the room shut quietly. He wiped his face before looking up at Steve, taking a hold of his hand before rubbing it, thinking back to the last time they had spoken to each other.
“Hi, I’m Steve.” He greeted.
“I’m not completely sure, actually. I haven’t come across any red flags yet, though.” Steve took a sip out of his beer as he noticed that Bucky was practically glaring at him.
Tony squeezed Steve’s arm before walking over to Peter who was stirring so vigorously that he splashed a good deal of whatever was in the pot on top of the stove.
“Tony, are you all right?” Tony heard Bruce call for him, feeling a hand on his shoulder.
When it came to shaking hands with his interviewers, Steve had taken the time to politely shake Tony’s, although he had been a little irritated with the latter’s attitude during the interview. Steve thought that if the guy didn’t have the time or will to interview people for such an important project, then he should have just stayed out of the process.
“Those parts stolen from Stark Industries are our first attempt. We’ll try again.”
“A pullout? Rogers…” Tony turned around to watch Steve aimlessly search the room, “can’t we call someone? I mean…it’s nice rooming with you, but…to be honest…I’m not trying to complain, really…but it’s already kind of weird that they put us in the same suite…”
“After? It’s at 8am, Sam.” Steve huffed.
“Okay, have a good night, Steve.” Sam kindly waved his friend off. However, Bucky seemed annoyed.
remembered Steve Rogers. The day of the law student’s final interview, Tony hadn’t planned on joining the rest, but decided that he should see the last pool of applicants just in case he needed to make an executive decision. That day, however, had been a total nightmare. There had been multiple deadlines looming in the air that had nothing to do with Synergy and Tony had been awake for days prior to the interview.
“Tony—”
Tony then moved a paper plate and the pizza box to the side, grabbing a few random items near him to visually demonstrate his story for Steve.
“…that you have been accepted into Project Synergy!” Steve snapped back to the present as he felt Sam give him a hug from behind.
Steve inhaled deeply, calmly reaching out his hands toward Tony whose back was now facing him. “Tony, I know. But you should read it. Your father—”
“…may I…take this off…?” Steve asked quietly, his voice hesitant yet completely caught up in the moment.
“Ah, Rogers. I’ve been meaning to introduce you to that buddy of mine you remind me of.” Tony motioned for Steve to join him with his friend. The friend smiled at him as he greeted him with the tip of his beer bottle.
“Hey!” Tony called after him, “I said no run—ugh, forget it.” He threw his hands up in the air.
Loki continued to grin before looking away at nothing. His expression turned uncanny. “This is way bigger than you and your pathetic little team.”
With a nod, Riri lowered her arms at the same pace she had risen them, looking guilty. “I would check on your access codes, whoever installed them…they were easy to bypass…”
Tony turned around quickly before hearing or seeing a response from Loki. He marched out of the conference room as Natasha went back into the room to detain Loki with Bruce and Thor until more agents arrived.
“Hey, I’m going to take a quick shower first. You’ll be okay without me?” Tony teased.
Tony considered the statement before responding. It was true that the second simulation went far better than the first. Tony had shown Steve the best way to memorize the keys that created the figures they needed to input into the Synergy device. Both communicated with each other when needed and neither one lost their cool. Tony had figured that Steve was being as professional as possible. Anyone else would have probably asked to be assigned with someone else.
“Fuck, Steve…” Tony moaned as he grabbed Steve’s ass and squeezed.
Tony nodded thoughtfully as he poured more spices into their concoction. “I can also see why you would say that, but I would have said soupy if I meant soupy.” Tony ruffled up Peter’s hair which prompted him to let out a groan.
Steve stood still, looking around the kitchen before looking back at Tony. “Uh, Tony…I can make breakfast…why don’t you relax?” He was confused by Tony’s current state which was the exact opposite of earlier that morning.
Steve nodded, letting Tony take a hold of his arm. They quickly left the mansion, taking a cab to their hotel which wasn’t too far away from the event. The entire car ride over, Tony was dead silent: mulling over whatever Obadiah had gotten himself into and whatever the hell was going on with Steve.
Steve inwardly complained as he banged his head up against the headboard.
“Oh my god, baby…this feels so good…” Tony gasped out.
As soon as the elevator doors opened into the space, both Tony and Steve were met with the entire Synergy team, accompanied by Rhodey, Pepper, some S.H.I.E.L.D. agents and a few board members, clapping and cheering for Steve.
“Can you go back in time and not destroy our gym, Mr. Stark?”
Tony repeated to himself, interrupting the thought.
Quite some time ago, in an effort to promote new research, the Stark Industries board had implemented a series of programs opened to the public that involved bringing student group tours through the labs, especially university students studying technology-related degrees. Usually Tony would participate, but he thought lately, considering there were employees attempting to sabotage Synergy, the program wasn’t a good idea; continuing the public programming was only distracting as well as a potential security threat. Also, the team was still trying to track down Loki.
“Steve’s really close with my kid…” Tony said out loud, but not really sure why.
Peter smiled. “But you
“Yeah, that sounds good. I’ll send you a text when we get in.” Tony said goodbye to Rhodey before hanging up. He took another deep breath, trying to remember his breathing exercises from one of his therapy sessions before turning around to reenter the lab. Steve was still busying himself at his console.
The hand on Tony’s shoulder squeezed tightly as Steve sighed before letting go. Tony watched his lab mate take a seat next to him, looking completely worn out. That was the first time Tony had ever seen Steve in such a state, and that was including right after Thor’s party.
“Uh, you doing all right, Rogers?”
As soon as Tony reached his intended destination, he stopped to glare at Steve who was now sitting up in the middle of the bed.
Tony nodded. “He calmed down after a bit…” He looked at Steve who nodded timidly.
As soon as Steve slipped into his bed, he checked his phone to see if Bucky had called. After a string of messages from a couple friends wishing him well and one from Bucky admonishing him for not picking up his phone, was a message from Tony, sent a few minutes ago.
“Oh, and Steve.” Sam started, his face returning to that goofy grin from before. “Tony’s great.” He only added to avoid embarrassing Steve any longer. Steve nodded timidly, grateful that his friend was nice about his developing crush.
Steve rolled his eyes again. “Are you finished?”
Peter furrowed his brow as he scrolled through some data on the tablet. “Okay, what about this then?” He showed what he had found to Tony who smiled.
Tony reached for a tablet before walking around Steve, tapping on it as he inspected Steve’s suit. Steve’s face reddened as Tony looked all around his body, tapping on his tablet as if being this close didn’t bother him.
“I like to sketch, too…” He offered quietly.
Tony wondered to himself about Bruce’s observation.
Suddenly, both heard a sharp buzz, like a notification from a cell phone, emanating from the floor. Steve looked downward to see Tony’s phone laying face down next to the bed.
“I…uh…I’m sorry. I didn’t think—or…I wasn’t sure if you wanted to meet my kid…” Tony answered.
“So…she told you what I said?”
“Remember that person he was seeing?” Tony continued, “Steve told me on the phone before we came out here that they broke up and that he wasn’t looking for a relationship…”
Obadiah nodded, taking his time approaching the chair. He unbuttoned his suit jacket as he sighed theatrically, sitting down in the chair with a huff. Tony nearly rolled his eyes as he tightly intertwined his hands on top of his desk.
Tony returned the laughter as he waved a hand around. “One time, when I was in high school, I had this experiment running in this room…”
They continued their Synergy-related conversation until they reached Tony and Steve’s lab. Upon approach, Tony spotted Steve working in the lab already. He froze immediately, almost knocking into Bruce in the process.
“I usually don’t order a car service, I usually take the subway, but I thought I would get here faster.” Steve explained casually as he settled. Tony watched Mr. Beck nod at every word Steve uttered, and he had to prevent himself from rolling his eyes.
Peter nodded before patting Ned on the shoulder who was still cowering. He made sure his friend was more or less okay from the commotion before tapping on his tablet.
Steve nodded as he helped Peter settle in the car. “Yes, we’ll make dinner for him later when he’s done in the lab. Does that sound good?”
Tony sighed as he turned around to face Peter who was holding Steve’s letter. Tony sat up quickly in the bed.
too excited about science. Everything science. This furor for the pursuit of knowledge is no less intense when it comes to Peter’s project for his school’s upcoming science fair. Steve tries to remind Tony that it’s just a “fair” and not a “tech expo”, but Tony only laughs; of course their kid will have
Tony nodded as he scrolled through his phone. “So, you’re not going to like this, but I had to switch up the wiring for the reactor.”
“…oh and…” as Steve turned to exit the space, Tony continued, “how’s Saturday then? Is that okay for dinner?”
“Nice to see you two.”
“Oh hey!” Bucky was standing in the threshold of the kitchen to the living room, “it looks like I’m missing a party.”
“…I’m going to say something to Rhodes in person when he gets back into town…” Tony was leaning up against the railing with Bruce, “…but I’m considering calling it quits with Steve.”
After the karaoke ended, the gathering dispersed into smaller groups. Steve and Sam sat down on a couch near the middle of the space. Tony strolled over to sit next to them.
“How could this happen, Tony…?
Steve nodded as he waited for Tony to continue.
Tony took a moment before nodding again. “He…hasn’t seen me like this, has he?”
“What?” Sam joined them at the table, “is this a Steve and Tony thing?”
Tony hesitated before rising from his chair again. He leaned forward, trying to give Steve a kiss, but then they were interrupted again by a nurse.
“Tony, I don’t mind that you’re hanging out with Pepper. I know she’s important to you and that you lean on her for advice.” He ended with an affectionate smile.
“Bruce is fine.” Bruce inched a little closer toward Steve to shake his hand. Steve gave Bruce a firm handshake and a nod.
Good 😊
Tony laughed even louder than the last time, now doubling over from Steve’s reaction. “Of course, he does, Rogers. I didn’t get too graphic, so don’t worry. He thinks it’s a game.”
“Uh,” Tony shifted back and forth on his feet before answering, “sure…that sounds good…”
all over each other at the party…” Steve watched his friend try to smile, but it looked more uncomfortable than anything else.
“Sorry, but only certain access codes can get into this lab.”
.” He teased once more, before moving one hand to hold Steve’s waist and the other to grab the base of Steve’s cock.
Fury chuckled before walking away. “That’s what I like to hear!”
Tony turned slightly to nod back at Steve. “Well that sounds great.” He then turned to face the stove again, “let’s eat then check out what else is going on at this place. I need to send more pictures to Peter before relaxing.”
“Hey, Tony. Could you slow down for a second? I’m still trying to input the first set.” Steve fumbled as he tried to remember the last figure from the first set.
Steve nodded as they walked briskly toward their lab. “Right. I’ll coax my way into trying to get some more details about Loki.”
“Sam, you know Rogers’s friend—not the friend he grew up with, his roommate—told me something that might mean I have a chance…” He slowly began. Bruce turned to give Tony an emphatic nod.
Peter sniffled until he finally fell asleep, but both Tony and Steve were wide awake.
“Okay,” Tony started as he turned to exit the balcony, “I’ll admit you’re right, Rogers.” He said as he reentered the hotel room. Steve waited before following; he watched Tony walk over to the space in between the two beds, crossing his arms with a weak smile.
He had never been the type to even kiss on the first date, so asking Tony over and basically inviting him into his bed was just about all Steve could tolerate, and it didn’t even pay off.
“Okay, you definitely need to keep
Tony placed a hand on Steve’s chest, looking up at him. “Thanks...Steve…uh…let’s leave early tomorrow…we can make up lab work later in the week…”
“Nice to meet you, Ned.” Steve smiled, which prompted Ned to turn red.
Bucky approached the bed. “Tony…is it all right if I chat with you for a second?
“Seriously?” Was all he could muster as he tried to make sense of everything.
“I hope I’m not too late to the party.”
“I’m taking my lunch break now.” Tony said with a wink, untangling himself from Steve before breaking out into a sprint toward the entrance of the lab.
Steve nodded as he watched Tony wait for May’s voice on the other end of the receiver. He chatted with her for a bit before talking with Peter.
Colonel James Rhodes—Rhodey to those who knew him the best—was Tony’s best friend from college. Well, to be more precise, Rhodey was probably one of the few people who had lived through Tony’s wilder days and chose to stick around after. Tony was grateful for the friendship: since college, they both had helped each other out of sticky situations, with Tony’s always being the stickiest. It was nice having someone close who was understanding, but also real when it came to getting him to see clearly.
“…I’m so sorry, Steve…” Tony whispered. The memory of seeing Steve lying in the middle of the lab after the explosion made Tony cry again as he leaned forward, nearly choking from how upset he had become.
They stood silently in the lab for a moment longer before Tony walked up to a console and pulled up some equations. He pointed toward a table across the way.
To be continued...
“Uh…” Tony tried so say something, but his brain short circuited from the mental gymnastics. However, it appeared that Steve had barely taken notice.
Peter jumped off the bed. “Really?!”
He turned around with the plates to join Tony at the island who looked to be drained from last night. As he sat down, Steve wasn’t sure if he should bring up what happened last night.
Steve hugged Tony before turning to press him downward into the bed. He moved so that half his body was lying on top of Tony before kissing him. Tony kissed Steve back as best as he could, but he couldn’t stop thinking about Tiberius. Steve ran his hands up along Tony’s sides moaning quietly and Tony could feel his insides turning in on themselves again.
Tony’s body froze much like it had when he first ran into Tiberius. His mind then reeled with other possible scenarios that could have happened between Steve and Bucky, now thinking back to when Steve confessed to him that he had only been with one guy.
Tony’s brain synapses fired all at once.
Tony couldn’t stop his face from forming the same goofy grin that appeared when Steve told him why he had kept the chip. He felt his cheeks redden, remembering Steve saying something like that to him a long time ago before they started dating. Steve continued to smile at him, reaching for his hand. Tony accepted Steve’s hand, rubbing it gently as Steve moved inward toward him.
“Shit, Steve…” Tony swore as he pushed upward into Steve’s hand.
Steve continued to smile at Tony as they were left alone again. Tony turned to look at him, making a face.
Bruce nodded sternly as he held out a hand toward Tony and Steve before moving toward the weapon. Everyone waited, the tension in the room mounting as Bruce walked slowly to the counter.
“No, further.” He said with a huge grin.
“Well…I just wanted to say…uh…”
Natasha chuckled. “How’s your first day
Rhodey smiled at him before getting up. He straightened out his military uniform before heading for the door.
Sam sighed as he looked at Steve. “Steve, I really like Tony and I think you guys were great…and you’re entitled to do what you want to do…”
the meeting, Steve.” Bucky smirked before the waitress made her way over to the table.
Steve tried to respond, but he found it difficult trying to find the right thing to say without further upsetting Tony.
Both Shuri and Bruce nodded back at Tony before scouring the lab for material. Some minutes passed as the trio called out to each other whenever someone came across an item.
“What, Banner?”
“That’s wonderful, Tony. What time do you need me to come over?” Pepper added before he could ramble on about dinner any further. She sounded sincerely happy for him.
“I like Steve…a lot…but don’t tell anyone I said this. Especially Steve.”
“…uh…” Tony looked around, “I’m going to get some air…”
Natasha drew nearer toward him. “You mention a ‘command’. Who are you working for?”
“Tony!” Steve shouted as Tony walked up to him immediately, shaking his head, but he was smiling.
“You look busy…” Tony stood looking downward at a student who was holding a notebook with the Stark Industries logo plastered on it. She looked meekly at Steve before looking back at Tony.
“What’s the backup plan, Tony?”
“Steve…” Tony started, gripping Steve’s shoulders with both hands.
Tony heard Steve laugh quietly before he felt the latter catch up with him.
To be perfectly honest, Steve
Tony couldn’t believe that he had managed to convince Steve to rejoin Synergy. His mind swirled with varying degrees of emotions the entire ride back to Stark Tower.
“…and…uh, sorry…” Tony took a step toward Steve, “…for giving you a hard time…at the party…”
Steve sighed as he tapped his phone in his hand a few times; he was sitting on the edge of his bed thinking about what to do. He had to make a choice: even though their relationship had ended poorly, seeing Tony was important to Steve, but the way Tony was last night without owning up to his past actions dredged up old feelings Steve had thought he had dealt with.
Tony laughed with an exaggerated eye roll. “Why does
“Fuck, baby…” Tony whined.
Tony told himself as he looked back at Steve who was still standing near the island.
Tony handed Steve the tablet, who swiped through the files to study them further. Tony sat back in his chair, scratching his chin.
An audible sigh of relief collectively escaped the team before Tony spoke up. “Did he say anything?”
Loki grinned as he tried to face Steve. “And then get the shit kicked out of me by my dear brother? Not a chance!”
Steve shuffled a bit as he looked away from Tony to look upward at the ceiling. “I always felt awkward…it felt like I wasn’t…doing it right…”
Steve listened to Tony tap a few times on his tablet. “Here’s the sequence: Open brackets: epsilon inverted, beth, 34450 divided by 45, closed brackets. Open brackets: omega, ominus, delta, 345 divided by 1234, closed brackets.”
Tony laughed. “Oh yeah? I think Steve would appreciate that. What do you have in mind?”
“Hey!” Peter shouted after his friend, “that’s not funny!”
Tony smiled. “Well, I was kind of hoping for this, to be honest, but I didn’t want to pressure you…”
Tony let out a pretend groan as he slapped the countertop once more with a closed fist but not too hard. Steve laughed as he clapped for Peter who ran toward Tony with the mask.
Tony shook his head again, now trying to get Steve to calm down. “Steve, it’s okay. No one else was hurt…and Strange said you can leave any time soon now…” He attempted to smile but he could tell that Steve was upset.
“I really appreciate that. But he probably just needs a close friend right now…I can always talk to him when you guys get back…”
“You may not get to see the device today, but you will see the device in action during our scheduled simulation presentation.” Fury reminded everyone.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., um, could you please update us on our flight time?” Tony asked, stumbling.
Tony inhaled then exhaled deeply. He felt so stupid for even bringing it up. Tony had spent his entire weekend replaying the night over and over, reassessing his moves, wishing he had stopped them both in the elevator.
Steve held onto Tony’s shoulder a moment longer, now rubbing it. Tony turned his head more to look at him; it had been a while since he had seen Steve like this: concerned for his wellbeing while also offering intimate physical comfort.
He took a minute before continuing. “I don’t really like talking about whatever is going on between me and Tony because…well…I’m not entirely sure if he’s really interested…”
“Hi, Steve!” Peter shouted as he waved back before turning to Tony, “is Steve staying over tonight?”
staying there until we figure out a plan.” He waited for Thor and Natasha to leave with Loki before turning to face the remaining group.
“Tony, if we’re going to be friends again…I need you to give yourself more credit, okay?” But Steve backed away to stand nearer to the island instead, “whatever happened between us in the past stays there, okay? That’s only way we’ll be able to make this work.”
P.S. I edited some of the past chapters for clarity, so I apologize for any spelling/grammar/continuity errors!!
As Steve entered the lobby of Stark Tower, he bumped into a figure rushing quickly out of the building.
“Yep.” Steve quickly answered, trying to mimic Tony but failing miserably, encouraging Tony squint his eyes at him with a sneer.
Clint looked around before holding out a hand for Natasha to take. They then walked to the middle of the space to continue dancing to avoid looking suspicious.
“…my parents were pissed, obviously…they wanted to spend the night here before going back…” Tony stood up to walk over to the record player.
Tony was barely paying attention to Bruce as the latter was going on and on about the new upgrades to the Synergy device.
Tony laughed as he took the drawing from Steve to lie down on top of him. “
“What?” Tony asked, confused by Steve’s slight change in manner.
Tony tapped on the tablet, finding the construction documents and the codes, and Steve grabbed the Synergy device. Tony motioned for Steve to follow him out, walking through the first floor, avoiding other guests and security guards before finding the stairs to the basement level.
Steve groaned as Tony continued. “I don’t know why it’s a crime to be excited about working on something with your kid. Should I pull a Howard Stark and ignore him?” Tony had meant for the comment to sound like a joke but the look on Steve’s face signaled that the mood had shifted suddenly.
Tony’s insides twisted in on themselves as Rhodey continued. “…you seemed happy when you were with Steve, Tone. The happiest I have ever seen you since I’ve known you. I know you guys have been through a lot and it sounds like things are still complicated, to say the least, but you deserve the best, Tony. You should let yourself have it.”
T’Challa waved at everyone, smiling, clearly happy to be giving his sister away. They walked up to Sam who was standing next to a Wakandan minister at the altar. T’Challa gave both Sam and Shuri a hug before sitting down next to his mother.
Steve shifted to straighten up which prompted a groan from Tony. “You did say we would leave early.” He said quietly with a smile, running a hand through Tony’s hair as the other hand gripped Tony’s waist.
Sam smiled back before motioning for everyone to follow them down the airstrip to a fleet of armored cars that would drive them closer to the resort buildings. T’Challa smiled as he greeted Bucky and Steve, shaking their hands vigorously.
“Hello, I’m here to meet a Ms. Lupho and a Ms. Whoberis?” Tony held his hand out toward the two women perched against the desk, both staring him down with the strongest intent.
“Why don’t you stop being weird and just go over there?” Tony blinked a few times as Bruce stepped in front of him to obstruct his view of Steve.
. Tony finally decided.
Tony pretended to study the files as he continued to think about Steve. Although he wasn’t in the position to be dating, especially someone who was twelve years his junior, having someone around like Steve in his lab would be a nice change of pace and scenery. Yeah, maybe constantly staring at someone as beautiful as Steve Rogers would brighten up his day just a little more.
time when you nearly jumped me in the elevator after Thor’s party.”
Peter smirked. “And what time is it now, J.A.R.V.I.S.?”
“Boys, it’s just a simulation.” Natasha added.
Thanos took a moment before finally answering. “Roosevelt Island. I told Mr. Stane that an associate of mine would be picking up the weapon for safe keeping, but of course…” he began to laugh again, his whole body shaking this time, “you’re too late. The weapon is rigged for termination.”
The thought of sleeping with Tony wasn’t itself terrible. Actually, the more Steve thought about it, the more he was into it—But that wasn’t the point; it was the idea that everyone else thought they were sleeping together which bothered Steve. What if people believed he was only accepted into the Synergy program because he was romantically involved with one of its main creators?
Steve shook his head a few times. He could feel his cheeks flushing. “I…well…” He shifted on the cushion, but not enough to move Tony’s hand.
Tony smiled back, but his attitude was diffident. He was still worried about the future of Synergy and whatever the hell Obadiah was doing to try to stop it. However, he could feel Steve’s sincerity, knowing that the two of them would try to work together despite the odds.
Steve nodded once more. “Everything’s fine, well except for Roosevelt Island. Peter’s been with May since we brought you to the hospital.”
Tony nodded slowly; he did want Steve around. Tony wanted to be with Steve; it had always been more than just sex with him, but Tony had trouble letting go of some of things he had said to Steve while they were together and after they broke up. Afterall, he was the reason why they didn’t speak for a year. Steve deserved better than constantly going back and forth over their relationship.
“A great friend of mine owns a place not too far away from here. Let’s celebrate there!” Thor exclaimed, practically hugging Steve.
He looked down at the chip in his hand, turning it around and around like he usually did whenever he took a moment to look at it. He then looked up at himself in the mirror, his expression changing somewhat as he unzipped the front breast pocket to his uniform to place the chip inside.
“Rogers, I’m having Happy drive us home, hope it doesn’t spoil you.” Tony said with a grin as he patted Steve on the back a few times.
Steve blushed before he finally waved back awkwardly. They waited a bit before the backstage manager motioned for them to exit the stage. Steve and Tony hustled off as the lights in the auditorium dimmed. A film reel began to play, showing the Synergy team’s work with the device up until that point.
Tony looked back and forth between the two women, still trying to act as if the whole situation wasn’t the most bizarre thing he had ever encountered in his entire life, which was, of course, saying a lot.
The board had decided to hold the investor event at a loft in the financial district instead of Stark Tower even though the extent of the damage from the explosion had been contained to the seventieth floor.
And, suddenly Tony had a moment of clarity.
Of course, Steve wasn’t interested in him. Why would he be?
“Okay, so I’m going to take a shower. Feel free to take your time and do whatever you do in the morning to get ready.” Tony offered with a grin.
“Hi, Steve!” Peter stopped short before running into Steve.
“The trick is,” Tony continued as he rested a hand on Steve’s ass to turn him over slightly, pulling his suit down more, “not to ejaculate all over the place the first time. Then you can the second time. It’s more a feeling than anything else.”
“Nat! I’m so glad you could make it!” Natasha let herself be pulled into the hug.
As low vibrations from background music emanated from around the stage, Tony did a little shimmy as he waited for the applause to die down, which showed no signs of ceasing considering how psyched the audience appeared. As Tony waited, smiling like he usually did during such events, the word “Synergy” flashed in giant letters behind him as a presentation similar to the one Fury had given the team their orientation day began to play.
“I think you’re right that we should go about this as if we’re unaware…” Steve said quietly, inching closer to Tony while keeping his hand on his shoulder, “…at least we won’t be far away from the city for the wedding…”
proud, Mr. Barnes.” She offered, making it obvious that she wasn’t aware of Tony disclosing his relationship with Steve.
“I’m just going to charge my phone, okay? I’ll see you in a bit.”
Tony crossed his arms with a genuine smile. “That’s better than anything I could’ve come up with.”
“Here it is, Mr. Rogers.” The technician handed Steve a bag before asking for his insurance information. Steve gave the technician the information, but just as he was about to sign his signature, he felt a hand squeeze his shoulder.
After work, Tony settled on riding the subway with Steve. He was thinking about having Happy drive them or ordering a car, but he didn’t want to look spoiled. He thought about driving, but he knew he would need a cocktail or two to loosen up his nerves. Therefore, the subway seemed to be his best bet; he wanted to convey to Steve that he wasn’t some rich brat who spent money on frivolous things. If they ever started dating, however, Tony would
Tony nodded as he followed Steve. “Maybe, Rogers. Although I’m trying to leave as quickly as possible…so over this press shit. I need a serious nap.”
. Tony sighed to himself, knowing full well that his obsession with his feelings for Steve would eventually affect his work.
the best it’s ever been.”
Steve nodded again, waiting before following Tony into the kitchen, keeping himself at a distance. Tony rummaged through the space, looking through what T’Challa’s resort staff had provided in the suites.
this is another setback, and I realize that it’s not going to plan, but we have the schematics and Anthony has to also hand over any salvageable material per the board’s request…”
Tony glanced around the lab before heading toward the private express elevator.
“Yeah, I guess this place is bigger than it appears. Nice to see you again, Loki.” Steve lied.
“I’m sorry, Cap.” Sam offered.
Tony nodded sternly thinking back to Loki admitting to the team that Thanos was using Selvig to build a super weapon.
. Tony thought to himself as he tried to return the smile which ended up being a lot more difficult than he had expected.
After another moment, Tony shook his head; it was no use. He took a second before turning his desktop on, scrolling through some emails to try to distract himself from crying more. He scrolled past several new messages before finding the flagged message sent from Justin Hammer before the weekend.
Tony waved her off with a smile. “But he didn’t. You just proved that Obie is scheming behind us and this company. We just have to make sure he doesn’t get anywhere near the device to replicate weaponry.”
Steve smirked. Tony’s reaction wasn’t entirely annoying like when his friends teased him about his lack of experience with technology.
“Go for it?”
Gamora squinted her eyes before looking back at Nebula who only rolled her eyes. Gamora then looked back at Obadiah before lowering her silencer.
“I’m well aware,” Fury responded as he backed away from a grinning Tony, “but I think having Rogers in your lab will not only make him more valuable to the team but may also help you more than you realize.”
Tony scoffed as he leaned back in his chair. “Well, I guess you’re going to have to find another date because I am
Bucky rested his hand on Steve’s shoulder to squeeze it gently. “Let me know how it goes, okay? You can do this, okay? Love you, man.”
Steve watched him leave with anticipation; he had forgotten about Peter which he mentally kicked himself for. He reminded himself to keep that in mind for the next time.
Tony shook his head. “Can I come in? We need to talk.”
“Tony, I can’t believe you’re doing this right now…”
Tony shifted his body. “You should know that I’m not good at this…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah,” Steve looked downward before looking directly at Tony, “I suppose you’re right.”
Suddenly, Tony began to feel the dull pain in his chest as Steve’s hand lingered. He started to panic, praying he wouldn’t have a panic attack or worse in front of Steve.
Bucky’s laughter subsided as it became clear Steve hadn’t appreciated his comments. “I’m sorry, Steve. Who would have thought that you would be the one getting the all the action nowadays?” He smiled, but something about his expression seemed off to Steve.
“Uh, well, this is my fault. I told Bucky about the dinner and he joked about giving Tony 'the talk'. Just once, Steve! Come on.” Sam rolled his eyes as Steve groaned upon learning that Bucky was talking about him behind his back about the possibility of him fooling around with Tony.
Steve and Tony marched down the corridor, with Agent Hill following not too far behind, until they came upon one of the interrogation rooms. As they arrived at the one-way window, they could see someone with self-assured expression on his face restrained to the table, flanked by agents on both sides. Tony looked at Steve before pushing the interrogation room door open.
Steve chuckled again as Tony clumsily opened a cupboard to retrieve dishware and flatware, finally deciding that he should be honest with Steve about what happened to him after they broke up.
Memories of working with Tony and spending time together with Peter filtered in through Steve’s thoughts. He closed his eyes shut, telling himself that it was over, and he needed to move on.
Bruce stared at Tony, taking a moment. “...uh, please don’t tell me this is because of Synergy…”
The final quip made everyone laugh before they finally dispersed, leaving Tony and Steve alone: Tony was trying not to look so awkward and Steve appeared to be waiting for him.
Steve laughed as he looked back at Tony who had risen from his chair to join Steve at the console.
The two hit a snag, however, after Pepper broke things off with Tony last year, but Tony managed to regroup with the help of Rhodey and Bruce Banner, another friend of his who was as big a science nerd as he was. Tony couldn’t fathom where he would be after Pepper if he didn’t have Bruce and Rhodey to help him along with Peter’s Aunt May.
“It says…” Shuri started, “that the weapon is within…five to ten feet of us…” She slowly turned her head to scan the room.
“I got you something, too, but I knew you were going to whine the whole trip.” Tony waved around a smaller square box.
“Goodnight, Steve!” Peter nearly jumped on Steve as he gave him a hug before running into his bathroom to get ready.
Steve nodded slowly, surprised. “I, uh, really appreciate…that…” he hung his head before continuing, “Tony means a lot to me…I’m just trying to repair something between us…just being around him means so much to me…”
As he listened to Steve, Tony choked back on that persistent sob that continued to form in the base of his throat whenever he become emotional about Steve. He nodded back a little too vigorously, looking downward and away from Steve.
Steve winced. He had figured maybe Tony didn’t care or hadn’t noticed he was avoiding him after his conversation with Obadiah.
Obadiah closed his folder before slowly looking back at Pepper before turning to smile for the cameras as he vacated the podium. Pepper stepped out of the way for him as he took his time exiting. She then adjusted the microphone, clearing her throat to focus everyone’s attention.
blonde over there, right? He looks military issued.”
Bruce pointed at Thor as he nodded in agreement back at Clint. “Couldn’t have said it better myself.”
“…I’m not usually like this—” Steve tried to explain but was soon interrupted by Tony lunging toward him and taking a hold of his face before planting the drunkest kiss on his lips. Tony felt Steve wrap his hands around his waist and squeeze him tightly.
Bruce rolled his eyes as they all began taking material out of Tony's lab and down the corridor to his lab.
The three of them chatted for a bit before Tony left to check on Peter’s packing process. He knocked on the doorframe before entering the room.
Steve sighed heavily as he hung his head. “…I’m so sorry, Sharon…I should have been more straightforward with you from the beginning, but I really thought I was over Tony…or even ready to move on…I…,” Steve paused, “…I don’t think I’m in the position to be dating anyone at the moment…”
Steve laughed quietly; the debut presentation turned out to be less terrible than he had expected, and he could finally feel a sense of relief mixed with self-gratification after having put himself in unfamiliar territory.
Tony nodded back, crossing his arms with a sigh. “Okay, well I don’t need to remind everyone that that doesn’t give us much time before he decides to use this thing, “he turned to face Shuri, “I know you and Banner said you need a few more weeks, but is there any way we can use the device in the meantime if necessary?”
As the elevator doors closed, they stood on opposite sides of the car as it ascended to their floor. Tony turned to smile at Steve. Steve smiled back, laughing to himself before Tony walked over to him, wrapping a hand around Steve’s neck, kissing him deeply.
As soon as Steve answered, Bucky choked on a sip of his coffee, and Sam took his time looking over at Steve.
Dr. Selvig looked around them before turning to face Natasha. “I was told no one would get hurt…”
Sam nodded as he descended the airstairs to greet T’Challa. He held out a hand, but T’Challa pulled him into a hug instead.
hours—”
“I don’t know…did you hit your quota for today?” Tony asked; his joking tone suggesting he wasn’t sure he would allow Steve to stay over.
Steve nodded slowly. “…he was so upset the last time I saw him…I just made everything worse with arguing over Synergy in front of the team…I should have talked to him in private…”
After another minute or two of Tony laughing and Steve staring awkwardly, Tony straightened up and wiped his eyes. He was wearing the biggest grin which annoyed the crap out of Steve.
“Okay, then I believe you when you say that you’re not sleeping with Tony.” Sam continued to smile as he tried to return to eating his sandwich, but he looked apprehensive as Steve continued to stare at him in disbelief.
“Don’t you think you’re working Riri a little too hard for this thing, Tony?” Steve asked as he watched Tony tap on his phone.
A wash a relief flooded over Steve; it definitely felt like Peter was comfortable with him.
“Oh my god, you feel so good, Tony.” Steve breathed, pushing into Tony even harder and faster than before.
Steve nodded as he leaned inward to kiss Tony again. Tony grimaced through the kiss as he felt his chest constricting, but then Steve holding him seemed to calm his body to degree, enough not to fidget uncomfortably.
Obadiah took a deep breath. “Let me take a look at it…I remember Howard talking about something a long time ago that may shed some light…”
“Sir, Mr. Rogers is in the lobby.” J.A.R.V.I.S.’s voice suddenly appeared, causing Tony to yelp dramatically, realizing he had lost track of time.
“Hey, Bucky. It’s nice to see you.” Steve watched Tony get up and greet Bucky.
Steve shook his head. “What about Dr. Thanos, Tony? What about that weapon he’s building?”
“But alas, I think I’ve been talking for too long…” Tony joked as he motioned at the crowd, wrenching his eyes away from Steve, “please enjoy yourselves the rest of the night.”
Tony laughed nervously before Steve gave him a hug again. “Oh well…” Tony closed his eyes as he smiled to himself, letting Steve rub his back for some time.
“You know that’s not what happened. I know I’m not aware of the details, but it sounds like something shady is going on and there’s a security breach or whatever. Tony had nothing to do with it.”
It was obvious that the penthouse was huge, but Steve and Sam could hear laughter and music playing from the balcony, delightfully filling the space around them. They stood still, transfixed by every single inch of Tony’s place, remarking silently to themselves how modern and tech-looking everything appeared to be with sprinkles and dashes of antique-looking items and toys for children.
“I’m so close, baby…” Tony whispered as he sped up his movement against Steve.
Tony grinned the stupidest grin. Okay he
“Ned’s mom said that she was going to have babies!” Peter exclaimed, squiggling around in his chair. Both Tony and Steve were laughing during the story’s detailed narrative.
The officer back away immediately, whipping out her communicator again. “All units stand down. Repeat, all units stand down.”
“How would you like to be the face of Synergy?” He asked casually before smiling too widely.
Tony smiled as he closed the gap to kiss Steve. He then straightened up to walk back to the bathroom. “Don’t get too used to it, Rogers.”
Tony turned onto his other side to grab his phone that was on the bedside table, before turning back onto his back again. On top of worrying about Thanos’s next move, Tony was struggling with deciphering Steve’s intent. Steve appeared more comfortable around him lately, even after Tony had ghosted him for a year and had kept him in the dark about his battle with depression.
They walked down the hallway before being greeting by a slew of more excited conference staffers before being ushered through another hallway that emptied out into a larger space where most of the tech companies had set up their stations.
“…we’ll have access to Stark’s kid then.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea….” Steve finally answered, the tone in his voice low and firm.
Steve nodded back as he finally reached Tony, reaching out to pull him into a secure hug. Tony exhaled deeply as he settled against Steve.
Steve abruptly refocused his attention onto Tony, realizing that Bruce had left them alone.
“I understand, Thor. But we have to proceed with caution.” Steve then trained his eyes onto Tony.
“Tony.” Bruce stepped forward as Tony spiraled, but Steve reached out a hand to stop him.
Tony unhooked himself from Steve before entering, knocking on the door before announcing himself. The room was just as ornate as the hallway; lavish statuary and drapery on full display. The two approached two women standing next to a desk. Both women looked unamused and extremely intimidating.
“How do you manage to make everything look so easy? What are you, superhuman?”
Fury nodded quickly as he dismissed the agent before tapping on his earpiece. “Hill,” he called, “get Selvig on these lab traces and have Romanov assist with tracking other possible traces…”
Steve shook his head as he continued to process Tony’s reasoning. “It’s okay. I’m trying not to push him. I know he needs space.”
Steve could see Tony, out of the corner of his eye, grinning uncontrollably. “Point one for Team Rogers. Exactly.” Tony slid the image of the vibranium core to the side to pull the Synergy device apart for Steve.
Steve was leaning up against the wall to his apartment building, waiting for Tony and Peter to arrive. He knew he should wait inside like people normally did whenever expecting a guest, but he was too excited to see Peter and, for some unexplained reason he wasn’t ready to deal with, Tony.
Pepper tilted away from Tony to smile sweetly at him before turning to face the breakfast table. She pilled some fruit and a pastry onto a plate before handing it to Tony. Tony meekly accepted the plate, reaching for a piece of fruit on the plate, taking his time chewing before addressing her again.
Tony clenched his fists, shuffling before crossing his arms. Should he mention what happened after Thor’s party now? He could easily ruin their trip by excusing Steve of playing games with him, but they needed to be clear headed to focus on the shit with Obadiah.
“Hey, Pep. I won’t lie to you, but this could potentially become more dangerous than it already has been. Promise me you’ll lie low now, okay?” He made sure to convey to her his sincerity for her wellbeing.
He guided his cock toward Tony, easing himself in as much as possible but being mindful of not going too far before Tony settled on him.
Steve stopped to address Tony, turning slightly. “Uh, yeah, sure. That sounds great.” He watched Tony give him a thumbs up before he quickly walked out of the space to head toward the restroom.
Tony glanced at Steve but continued to rummage through the boxes. To Steve, he already looked emotionally drained.
“Please don’t tell me you were planning to leave without saying goodbye.” Steve looked downward to see Tony smiling up at him.
“Sorry, too graphic. Must keep it professional.” Tony joked, which strangely eased Steve.
Steve didn’t have to wait long to be recused by his lab mate, who had come from behind to invade the huddle. Tony had suddenly appeared with both hands on Steve’s shoulders, squeezing before letting go.
Steve thought to himself, not entirely sure if Clint was joking.
Tony watched Riri wave at him again from outside the lab as she sprinted down the corridor. He then turned around to place the chip in a small carrying case before placing it into his work bag.
“…I really appreciate hearing that from you, Steve…”
Peter squealed with delight as Tony carried him to the stove. Steve laughed as he stayed near the island in the middle of the kitchen.
“…he’s going to use his weapon before long…we’re going to have to do something soon before it’s too late…”
He felt Tony hug him even tighter before sighing. “…my friends are more my family than my actual family…” Tony let out, visibly uneasy.
Obadiah held his hand out for Steve to take which Steve accepted. “Thanks, Mr. Stane. I think you and the board will be impressed after seeing what the device can do.”
Tony eyed Strange. “Hm, that’s not
“There’s no slowing down in the real world, Rogers.” Tony was now hovering in his space, trying to take over control of the device. He nearly shoved Steve to the side.
Loki sighed as he slowly nodded. “…okay…fine…what do you want?”
Sam nodded as he pulled out his phone. “Yep, forwarding them now.”
“Holy shit!” Clint shouted, nearly dropping the binoculars from excitement, “he made it! And he has Stark!”
Steve laughed before pointing to the last figure. “And who’s this?”
Steve moaned before Tony leaned back. He reached for the bedside table, moving a bit off Steve. Steve watched as he realized that Tony had found a condom in the drawer. Steve continued to stare as Tony repositioned himself again, tearing the condom wrapper with his teeth as he continued to rub Steve’s cock. Tony threw the wrapper behind him before rolling the condom onto Steve, positioning himself to lower down onto Steve’s hardening cock. As soon as Tony neared, Steve’s body reacted immediately. He let out a gasp as Tony continued to lower himself.
The word “boyfriend” instantly formed a lump at the base of Tony’s throat.
“All right, all right, Tony. But call me when things with the soldier don’t work out.”
Tony forced himself to smile. He looked downward before looking upward somewhat. “I really appreciate that, Steve…”
Steve walked up to the desk. “Tony, I’m fine enough to go to the event.”
“…may I come in?” He asked cautiously.
Tony nodded again, keeping his back facing Steve. After a moment, Tony sensed that he was alone in the lab.
Tony looked back at Bruce who appeared to be thinking deeply. “Yeah, he should definitely say something…but why don’t you give him some more time?”
“Hey, Cap. How’s your—” But before Bucky could greet his friend, Steve grabbed him and dragged him into the elevator.
Tony smiled as he patted Steve on the arm. “There’s my spy partner.” He held on to Steve a bit longer which prompted Steve to start blushing from the attention.
Tony smiled as he moved inward to kiss Steve. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s body, pulling him close to his body. Tony kissed Steve as he rubbed his body with both hands.
Bruce sighed as he removed his glasses. He turned slightly to look at Tony and Steve through the window.
Tony glanced at Natasha before looking back downward at Loki. “Come again? What the hell is a ‘Thanos’?”
Tony smirked. “He’s more than fine, he’s doing fantastic. I think he might know more about the device than I do.” He had a silly grin on his face as he thought about Steve working with the device.
Tony shook his head as he took a step toward Steve. “No, of course I want you on the team, Steve.”
The voice brought Tony back to reality as he reluctantly pulled himself away from Steve, but only a little; he now had a hand on Steve’s chest and Steve was still holding him close. Despite their current position, Tony managed to quarter turn to face one of the buyers' people addressing him.
“…I always sat in the front with my dad, which means my mother always sat in the back…I once overheard them discussing that I should learn the route to the house for when it came time for me to take care of it…”
“Good evening. This is Metropolis News.”
“Didn’t you hear?”
Steve nodded as he slid a hand across Tony’s chest. “Well, let me know if I can help with anything…”
Steve nodded as he kissed Tony again. “It was.”
“Sure, of course. I’ve been in unpredictable situations before, but this is something completely different altogether.” Steve walked up to one of the consoles to investigate its features. He pressed a button and an image of the Synergy device appeared from thin air. Steve could hardly keep himself from gawking.
“…but would you like to stay the night? I know this sounds selfish, but I don’t want you to leave just yet… whenever I talk about the night my parents died…I—have nightmares. I don’t like waking up alone after one…” He voice was low and steady. Steve had never heard him like this before.
“Is that even a good idea? I don’t know what you said to him, but Steve’s a fucking mess. I’ve never seen him
“He seems way cooler than I had expected him to be; I kind of feel bad calling him an asshole. I’ll be sure to properly update Bucky.” Sam smirked.
“Tony…?” Steve called, not really sure whether he was on the verge of fighting off his kid’s science fair project.
Tony looked down at Obadiah’s hand on his arm. He yanked it away as he straightened himself out before pointing in Obadiah’s face with one finger.
. Tony thought to himself waiting for the computer to finish the test.
“I’m so embarrassed…” Steve hung his head as he leaned up against the wall of the hallway. He closed his eyes as he felt a hand lightly brush his arm.
Tony nodded as he followed Steve back inside. They wandered around a bit longer, finding a full bath and another half bath, until they found a bedroom. However, as soon as there was nothing left to discover about the spatial configurations of the suite, they soon realized that there was only one bedroom in the entire suite.
Peter nodded as he feverously tapped on the tablet a few times. The robot spun around the lab before stopping suddenly in the middle of the space. Some sparks shot out from its top before it made a noise to indicate it was powering down.
“It’s science, Rogers!” Peter repeated, complete with a wide smile.
Steve cleared his throat as he attempted to shift the direction of the conversation. “So, what else can you tell me about this?” He pointed to the image as he joined Tony side by side. Steve could tell that the redirection in the conversation had been greatly appreciated; Tony’s tone returned to be being annoyingly lighthearted.
Steve took a moment as the door to the conference room closed behind him and Tony, but before he could say anything, Tony quickly interjected.
Bruce walked over to Tony, waiting for Shuri to be out of ear shot. “Hey, Tony. Are you okay?”
The night before had been amazing, there was no denying that. Tony had never felt so close to someone before. However, based on his own actions since they started speaking again, Tony was beginning to think he wasn’t right for Steve. Something about Steve made him feel exposed, more exposed than he had ever been with anyone, but Tony couldn’t seem to handle that vulnerability gracefully as he tried to get back some semblance of a relationship with Steve.
After Tony snapped another picture, Bucky clapped his hands together to get everyone’s attention.
Tony sat back in his chair, a little taken aback by how assertive Pepper had been, so much so that he found it difficult to answer.
“Hey! Let’s get Cap into some normal clothes and eat!” Sam, standing several feet away with Bucky, was holding his hands to his mouth to project his voice.
Steve turned to look behind himself before facing Tony. “Iron patriot?”
Tony inhaled then exhaled. He appreciated that Steve was becoming more sensitive to his parental responsibilities—despite not having met Peter—but what was really on his mind
“…please don’t pick up…please don’t pick up…” Tony wished to himself as he listened to the phone ring.
Tony looked over at Steve again as the latter’s eyes grew with terror, indicating that he knew Bruce was referring either to himself, Shuri, or Tony, but also knew Tony would volunteer to go back down to the island.
Tony nodded as he sat down in the chair indicated. He took his time making himself comfortable as he waited for Mr. Beck to continue. Mr. Beck also took his time; he shuffled a few things on his desk, before sighing and interlacing his fingers on top on the desk.
“We should make something.” He offered, looking up and over at Tony with a little smile.
He patted Tony on the shoulder again before motioning for the group to follow him toward the vehicles.
Strange rolled his eyes with a smile. “No vigorous activity for a month.”
“…and as for working conditions, we’ll need to relocate for a while. Obviously, this has to be done on the low, so I have a new outpost, Stark Enterprises…,” Tony laughed nervously, “…actually, remember that place where I store my gadgets? We’re rebuilding the device there, undetected.”
“If you’re going to blame anyone, blame me,” he pointed behind himself at Bruce, “Banner only went along because I asked him.”
“What the hell was all of that?” Tony interrupted as he turned around with his arms crossed.
Steve nodded. “But besides that one time, that’s it, Tony. I don’t want to be with Bucky. He’s like a brother to me…”
“Be honest with me, Bruce. What do you really think of the algorithm?” Tony asked, adamant about changing the subject.
.” Steve knew Sam was joking, but this would be the opportunity of a lifetime. And, yeah, maybe he did often find a way to bring up in conversation how much he wanted to work on Project Synergy.
And it wasn’t the cushions on the sofa Steve had been lying on that disrupted his sleeping schedule, Actually, the sofa had been the cushiest piece of furniture Steve had ever come in contact with, but somehow his amounting sense of dread he had been dealing with since coming to terms with having a serious conversation with Tony about their relationship prevented Steve from appreciating the plushy sofa.
Steve shook his head with a little laugh. “That was really nice of you, Tony.”
Obadiah barely budged. "Please, Anthony, calm yourself. Everyone else may think you and your little boyfriend are cute, but I know you and what you're capable of. Or
“My best friend told me recently that you should just go for something if you want it. What do you have to lose?” The words felt surreal as soon as he uttered them.
Steve chuckled which relieved Tony.
“So, did you get another date yet, Sam?”
He peered through his fingers to see that the sudden change in topic threw his friend off. “Um, I think so? I’ll have to check my calendar.” Bruce answered, awkwardly.
Tony groaned as he leaned forward to place his head in his hands. “It’s been a while…but I knew being here would fuck me up…” He wiped his eyes but kept facing downward and away from Steve.
“You wanna fuck me?” Tony asked with a grin before kissing Steve, biting his bottom lip.
After a moment, their waitress come up to their table with their food orders. Rhodey and Tony then chatted for a while as they ate. After discussing some surface level business as it related to Synergy, Rhodey leaned forward during a pause, hanging his head low.
“Well, what, Rogers?”
Steve looked sternly at his friend. “What?”
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Steve, I get where you’re coming from, but I really don’t think Tony would have come over here if he weren’t trying to make things work…”
Tony shook his head. “No, you look very handsome, Rogers.” He put is phone back into his pocket before returning to his chair. Steve got up to pull his chair out for him.
“Okay, so you were making gadgets since you were a kid? That’s so impressive.” Steve awed as he chewed on a slice.
off.”
Tony shook his head, too overjoyed that Steve was awake to focus. “Steve…uh…there…uh…was an accident…”
“Loki.” Thor greeted curtly, sitting down in a tiny chair opposite his brother that creaked underneath his weight.
Tony had to prevent himself from staring wide-eyed at Steve; he was sure he had messed everything up.
“It is eleven in the morning, Mr. Parker.” J.A.R.V.I.S. answered.
“…I have a story…it’s about Stark Industries’ Synergy device…I have reason to believe that the device isn’t stable…the company’s problems don’t stop with that precinct explosion from a while back…the company is trying to keep how dangerous the tech is from the public…there was explosion in one of labs not too long ago and the company is trying to cover it up…yes…it severely injured one of their team members…”
“This place is a fucking mess,” Tony began with a sigh, “it looks like the owner hasn’t been inside in a while.” He was now standing in the kitchen, searching through some boxes.
“Sorry, doc. But I can’t tell you that. You know, government secrets and what not.” Tony waved his hand around as Thor and Bruce finished assembling the machine.
Both Steve and Tony jerked awake from the sound of Peter’s voice coupled with insistent knocking at their bedroom door.
“Oh, well I would have thought that he would have by now.” Bruce shrugged before looking downward at a tablet he was holding.
“…of course, Tony…” Steve said after a brief pause, “but please remember that I’m here whenever you need me…”
“Tony,” Shuri called, “I’m working on clearing up the codes, hold on a sec.”
“Sam and dearest friends!” T’Challa gleefully greeted as he approached the plane with his guards, “it appears that you all have arrived smoothly! Hopefully everything was to your liking.”
“The only time we’ve spoken to each other was when we were arguing in front of everyone over Synergy…I haven’t heard from him since. This is the longest it’s been and its annoying the shit out of me.”
But Tony only shrugged with a grin. “That’s Synergy for ya, Strange.”
Steve sighed once more. “…I have to be honest with you…” he inhaled deeply, “…I’ve only been with two people...” He quietly admitted.
“Uh,” Steve backed away toward the entrance of the lab, “Peter…?”
Tony gave Loki the most puzzled look signaling he didn’t recognize the name.
Tony sniffled, refusing to face Steve. He knew that if he stayed in the room he would end up telling Steve that he still loved him and that he should have said it the first time or even a long time ago.
Steve could feel Tony pushing back as they kissed, but something was still off; Tony felt distant.
“Your dad is right, safety is indeed important,” Tony turned to face Peter, “but I think this will be a science fair project that will end all science fair projects!” He exclaimed which hyped up Peter.
Steve held onto Tony tightly as he let the latter rub his hands all over the top half of his body. Steve then put a hand on Tony’s chest.
“Welcome back, Mr. Rogers.” J.A.R.V.I.S. greeted, albeit dispassionately.
Tony nodded as he watched Steve approach him. “I’m fine…just needed to get out of there…”
Bruce walked up to the conference table as if he were about to interject, but Tony waved him off. As he crossed his arms, Tony’s face hardened before he broke out into a bizarre, quiet laugh. He then rested his hands on his hips, knowing he was on the verge: not only did the fucking device he was saddled with not work like it should, he knew he was near the precipice of getting into with Steve.
Tony hesitated before reaching across the table to take a hold of Pepper’s hand, which she accepted.
“Okay,” Tony clapped his hands together to get the team’s attention, “actually, before I start, I should mention that it’s great seeing everyone again.” Collectively, the team happily responded back to him.
Steve grinned. “I like spending time with you, Tony. So, you don’t have to worry.”
“We should go out after your meeting.” Sam chimed in.
Tony took a moment before answering. He looked directly at Steve. “Nice work then, Rogers. I don’t know anything about acting, but you definitely deserved an Oscar for
“I miss you too, Pepper…I want to be friends, too.” Tony answered, his voice a little shaky.
Obadiah grinned back at him before taking his time rising from his chair. “I need full reports on the new safety procedures and whatever S.H.I.E.L.D. is doing in the interim to find this attacker.” Obadiah spun around before walking to the office door.
Steve crossed his arms. “Thank you for telling me, Tony.”
Steve nodded quickly again before rushing out of the space and the building. He stopped short before mounting his bike, trying to calm down before he rode back to his office. For the first time in a long time, Steve could feel his emotions gaining the best of him and he struggled to think clearly. Eventually after some time, Steve managed to calm himself down enough to drive back to his office before going home later that afternoon.
“So, explain this to me again, Strange…” Tony began as he and Steve drove with Strange in a car from the hospital to the clinic site, “just this past week, some of your patients got sick all of a sudden and you’re not sure what the issue is?”
Obadiah looked back and forth between Thanos and his daughter.
Tony sighed. “It’s just shit with Steve, per usual.”
Tony took a sip out of his beer before nodding his head. “Or you can email me. I know it’s tough with your dumb phone, but I can make it easier for you with a Stark phone.”
Tony grinned at Steve before walking to his bathroom. Steve watched the door close, listening for the shower.
Tony wrenched his body around to face Steve. “
Steve shook his head. “Nope. We got this covered. Why don’t you relax?”
Loki gulped as he watched Steve place a hand on Tony’s shoulder to pull him back to his side. “They’re getting rid of dead weight…that’s why I can’t say anything…they have spies everywhere…”
The staffer motioned for Obadiah to follow him. “Could you follow me this way, please, Mr. Stane?" He repeated with a genuine smile.
“I know what I’m doing, Banner.” Tony barked. Steve could feel Tony struggling against his side to move him out of the way, but he was now mostly holding against Tony to keep him in place.
Natasha sighed as she walked over to Steve and Tony, attempting to deescalate the tension, but before she could say or do anything productive, one of the interns barged into the room with a knock at the door.
Tony sank into his chair as he watched Steve run off to the restrooms, much like he had the morning after the party.
“We’re not…” Tony shuffled around to make sure Bruce nor anyone else wasn’t near him. “Well, he is hot and yes, it is none of your business.”
“Did you hear that Bucky’s probably moving in before the end of the month?”
Tony shrugged, pulling out his phone to check his messages. “Fine.” He muttered.
“You manage to get hard quick again after doing it. Quicker than I’ve ever seen.” Tony ended with a grin.
Steve laughed as he gently caught Tony by the arm before he could get away any further. “I don’t mind, Tony. Actually, I’m kind of glad.” He said kindly.
Tony nodded again as he talked Steve through manually setting up the detonator. They worked quickly and efficiently together, almost as if they were working in the lab during a normal working day back before they lost control over Project Synergy. Steve pressed the last few buttons as the detonator automatically set up the original countdown before the Synergy device set off the reactionary blast.
“Okay, Tony, we don’t have a lot of time, but…” Steve turned to face Tony again, now finding him slumped all the way onto the floor and unconscious.
(See the end of the chapter for
you…” He pointed in Tony’s direction who only stood staring back at him.
Steve struggled to prevent himself from grimacing as he accepted Loki’s hand. There was still something about Thor’s brother that threw him off.
Obadiah sighed to himself once more before answering the call. Loki had been the one doctoring the security footage and had guaranteed that no one would be able to spot the incidents involving Dr. Selvig tampering with the device for the board presentation and Clint’s attack but that proved not to be the case.
Peter lingered on the bed as Tony stretched his back before walking to the bathroom.
“Hopefully he didn’t keep you up all night…”
Thanos chuckled before looking down directly at Obadiah. Obadiah smiled unnervingly at him.
Steve smiled. “Great.” He then reached forward underneath the table to find his phone in his bag, “oh and I hope you still don’t mind about the suite situation…”
Thor sighed loudly. “I have never seen two hearts pine for the other as I see in those two, and this includes how I feel for my dearest Jane.” It was obvious that he was still upset with his brother, but now Thor was clearly annoyed that Clint had been so oblivious, despite having been in the hospital.
“You drive a hard bargain, Mr. Rogers.” Obadiah tapped a few times on his desk with his index finger. “If having Anthony along with the promotional tour will get you on board then that’s fine with me.”
Bruce kept his hand on Tony’s shoulder as the latter straightened up to look at his friend.
“You know, we should really stop meeting like this.” Steve grinned as Tony settled.
And without really considering the ramifications of his decision, Steve thought there was something in that diary that could help him understand and calm Tony’s emotions during their stay. Steve knew that Tony’s reaction was based on the initials “H.S.” etched into the cover of the diary, but Steve was determined to find any clue to Tony’s relationship with his father.
“I think that’s a fair assessment—and I don’t want to pretend to know more than Dr. Banner—but could we run a program on the console first? You know, like an algorithm?” Steve swiped the numbers away to enlarge the image of the vibranium core. He spun it around a few times, amazed with himself that he had picked up maneuvering the controls so easily.
Tony shook his head before returning to eating. “Nothing…it was just something Rogers said to me.”
“Hey, what’s going on? You know how into Tony Steve is. Why can’t you just deal and be happy for your friend?”
“Mmmm,” the robot rumbled for a quick second. Peter looked back at Tony who waved him off.
“Tony,” Steve joined Tony at the conference table, “we can’t let Loki get away with this. He could have gotten people killed.”
But then, Tony turned himself over, laughing uncontrollably. He was holding his hands to his side, rolling back and forth. His facial features were slowly changing as he continued bellowing with laughter.
“J.A.R.V.I.S.,” Tony whispered through another kiss, "could you give me a rundown of my schedule today, please?” He asked as he pushed upward into Steve’s body before shifting his body weight to turn Steve over onto his back. Tony climbed on top of Steve before kissing him again.
“Wait!” Obadiah shrieked, “your father is still having trouble trying to figure out that notation, right?”
Steve laughed as he straightened up, finding the anti-lock to the zipper Tony had installed to keep the uniforms snug. He unzipped himself before Tony pulled the uniform down to Steve’s waist. The force of the pull caused Steve to fall back on top of Tony who caught him with a laugh.
“No need to worry, Stane,” Loki brushed past Obadiah has soon as he finished dressing, “anyone in the lab?”
Steve smiled at him before placing his water glass on the counter behind them. He walked ahead of Tony before turning around with his hand outstretched.
Steve shook his head as he joined Tony on the bed again. “Of course not, Tony. You just really care about Peter.”
“Yeah, I know. I don’t know that yet.”
“So, how’s the team looking?” Tony glanced up briefly from the file he was studying to acknowledge Rhodey who had plopped down in a chair on the other side of his desk in his office at Stark Industries. He was grinning, as if to tease Tony about having to be a team player, let alone a team leader. Especially on a project that he was more or less obligated to finish.
Steve inhaled then exhaled deeply again. “…could we try…you know…going further?”
Thanos tossed a copy of Howard’s schematics onto Obadiah’s lap.
want to miss.”
Tony’s eyes lit up. Something about Steve telling him this piece of personal information felt like he was making a breakthrough.
Steve rolled his eyes with a laugh as he let Tony drag him down one of the hallways. They walked for a while until they found a room with the door ajar. The color of the door matched the description given prior to Tony for the meeting location.
Pepper took a deep breath as Tony slightly leaned forward.
Tony laughed quietly as he sensed that Steve was trying to ease the conversation as much as possible. He took a hold of Steve’s hand on his chest.
Steve waited, although he was sure he looked completely terrified. Pushing himself beyond his usual dating limits was turning out to be the worst thing he had ever done. He wished he had taken his time like he had done in the past. Now Tony sounded more upset with him than about the kiss and he feared his actions might not only ruin their personal relationship, but also Project Synergy.
Tony shook his head with a laugh. “Okay that and nothing else. Excuse me for a sec.” He smiled at Steve before walking a few feet away from him as he dialed Rhodey’s number.
reason why he had been off the day of the interview. Honestly, the last couple years had been like that. Learning how to parent a small child had been tough in the beginning and he felt like he was just now getting a hang of it, but some days, like that interview day, were the hardest.
Loki scrunched up his face, turning away to look at nothing before looking back at Thor who looked so solemn that it made him want to gag.
Look, Steve. I’m just going to cut to the chase. You’re hot. I’m hot. Let’s do this.
Gamora waited as Nebula rejoined her by the fireplace. “My father wanted us to thank you for your help. Despite all the setbacks, he wouldn’t have gotten to where he was without your…assistance.” Nebula smiled at Obadiah who looked too shocked to respond.
Pepper looked to be considering the proposal. But then she closed her eyes briefly, inhaling sharply before answering.
Before their untimely deaths, Peter’s biological parents had worked at Stark Industries for a number of years. Both Tony and Pepper had grown close to the Parkers and Tony confidently counted them among the friends he could trust. Although he had been close to them, Tony had never expected the couple to leave him custody of their child in case of an accident, which happened about two years ago.
know you guys fucked last night. You guys left the party together and didn’t say goodbye to anyone.”
“…this is why I couldn’t tell you…” Tony continued, “I don’t want you to see me like this…”
Pepper smiled as she took Tony’s hand before caressing it. “Tony, it’ll be okay. Just talk things through, like I said.”
Peter looked at Steve before turning red. “Tony…”
Fury tapped Clint’s shoulder to get him to move to the side. “Okay, let’s get to business, shall we? He then shared the screen with images of Thanos’s lab after the raid, “we raided Thanos’s lab after an anonymous tip, but we came up short.”
