John put on a show of thinking and listing them on his fingers.  “Err so there was Greg because of the whole ‘not trusting you thing’, Mike who likes you but clearly thinks you’d make an awful flatmate, which I’m still on the fence about by the way, and...” Here John paused because he was certain there was another person.  “Oh yeah, there was this strange phone call telling me to stay away from you.  Shit, was that like a stalker or something?”  John realised that he should have probably mentioned this sooner, no matter how annoying he was.
That made Sherlock frown slightly.  Perhaps upset he hadn’t solved that particular problem yet.  “Yes.  I think you still are by the way.  But not from the person on the phone, that’s another problem entirely and not a priority right now.  Unlike-” Sherlock finished as they emerged from an alley between two buildings onto a residential road.  One house was cordoned off with the same opaque shield as yesterday and John was going to walk towards it when Sherlock tugged on his sleeve.
“We still don’t know the significance of the symbol either,” Lestrade added. “Or why they ditched the car,” John said.  He couldn't tell who looked more upset about this lack of an answer, Sherlock or Lestrade.
abandoned.  Almost, as there wasn’t any dust lining the wooden features of the desk or bookshelves.  He stayed in the doorway, simply looking.  There wasn’t anything in the room he needed but old habits die hard and he had to check.
Since that first lecturer the boys had sat next to each other in most of the lectures and practicals, exchanging notes if they couldn’t talk.  Victor lived with his family in an area of London that wasn’t too bad but not terribly great either.  Both his parents were veterinarians and he had an older sister who was a waitress and a younger sister still in high school.  Much more importantly to Sherlock however, was the fact that Victor enjoyed mysteries and not the stupid ones that were on TV all the time, but actual mysteries that happened to actual people.  None of the people Mycroft had picked would talk to him about mysteries.  Victor therefore reinforced Sherlock’s view that the other people were idiots and so was Mycroft.
He grabbed his own stuff out of his bag and John relaxed a little more.  He hadn’t gone to the back page he had been working on before being startled and for once, just this once, Sherlock wished he didn’t notice small details.
“Sit down,” John ordered and Sherlock found himself obeying without conscious thought.  The authoritative tone was new and judging by the smug look on John’s face as he wandered over, had the desired effect.  “There you go gorgeous,” he said, titling Sherlock’s face so he could kiss him deeply, hands sliding up into his hair.  Pre-occupied, Sherlock let his legs be nudged wider so John could stand between them and he moaned a little at the feeling.  John gripped his hair tighter at the noise, creating a feedback loop of pleasure that Sherlock lost himself in.  All he could do was grip John’s hips and hold on.  John broke away, swearing.  “Shirt off?” he said, dragging his fingers down Sherlock’s collarbone.  Sherlock nodded so rapidly he nearly headbutted John which, although showed enthusiasm, may not have been the sexiest thing he’d ever done.  John tried not to look amused.  “Go on then,” he said, taking a step backwards to pull his jumper and shirt off.  Sherlock tried to copy but was scuppered by buttons, uncooperative fingers, and the fact that John had leant back in to gently kiss his neck.  At some point, Sherlock admitted defeat.  He couldn’t be expected to do anything when there was a partially naked John Watson between his legs.
When they eventually settled back down, Sherlock said, "Fine, we can go for coffee if that's what you really want."
“Not even in exchange for this?” Sherlock said pouting.  He produced the previously pocketed phone and held it up to the light, like he was evaluating a precious jewel.  Dimitri’s hands jerked up to grab it, only to jolt back to the table.  Sherlock winced sarcastically.
Sherlock stumbled into the living room, looking as if someone had walloped him in the face with not only a frying pan, but the entire Teflon cooking range.
"Can I ask what the hell just happened?" John said, taking the opportunity to snake his arms around Sherlock's back.  He thought he could feel Sherlock's spine through the material of his shirt which they were definitely going to talk about at some point.  (John did not think about the fact he was already planning out an 'after this moment'.)
Raz, who was dressed in his customary tracksuit, was about to answer before he stopped dead in the doorway.
Sensing they were in dangerous waters again, Lestrade asked “Do you know of anyone who would want to harm Mr Faber?”
Sherlock tilted his head and asked the next question with as much innocence as he could muster.  “How do you feel about clubbing John?”
“I am so, so sorry.  I- I have to go, sorry,” he stammered out and then fled before the other man could say anything.
“Shit, are you okay?” he asked, as his vision swam.  Luckily Sherlock had noticed him tense before moving and had dodged out of the way to successfully avoid a head-injury.  His expression was neutral as he nodded.  The weight of the arm that had been wrapped around him had disappeared and they were no longer pressed up against one another.  John felt very cold suddenly and shrugged his jacket closer.
it was urgent.  The man missing the arm, Damien Russell, probably thought it was urgent.  But it hadn’t been
“Only,” John said, turning as he reached the bathroom door to lean against the door jamb, “I seem to remember you telling me about a dream you had.”  Sherlock could feel himself blushing deep red but John wasn’t finished.  “And I’d quite like to see how it plays out in reality.”  Here he winked and slipped into the bathroom.  Sherlock heard the sound of the shower starting up but was still in bed, stunned speechless and apparently motionless.
Sherlock was thrown backwards as a blast ripped through the station.  For a few moments, all was chaos.  He couldn’t hear or see or move, each sense an amalgam of panic and loud and fear and purple, so much purple.
“Obviously.”  He tried to ignore the rolling of his stomach and the way his mind wanted him to yell “NO”.
So here it is, the final chapter! Thanks to everyone who's commented, you're all amazing, and so encouraging :) To everyone reading, I really hope you enjoy this chapter.  As a thank you for being patient while it was written, it's nearly double the previous chapters at 5,500 :P
Sherlock sighed again, the most put upon being in existence.  “Room.  Dark.  Damp.  Wires.  Bits of…stuff on floor. Metally- metal stuff.”
happened, just so his worry was justified.  However, if he had spotted the trap, then so had Sherlock, and he was still willing to go into the building.  This was not a glowing recommendation of safety but if he was willing to get himself into trouble, then he would need back-up and that consisted of John and…John.  He could text Lestrade.  It surely couldn’t be counted as interfering in a case when the case fell on to your doorstep and invited you to look by name.
.  Why not keep us in the club, surely much less obvious, no pesky smuggling us out the back, no disappearing for the night.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  Before he could launch into his “I don’t like repeating myself speech,” John marched over to the offending patch of wall.
“Who the fuck’s there?” the guy shouted.  The distant sound of sirens was the only response.  The guy huffed, as if this was simply a huge inconvenience to his
Practically, it needed to withhold being hurled across the kitchen with some of Sherlock’s more explosive experiments, so too much plastic was out.  Bright colours were out too- their kitchen clashed enough without adding polka dots or striped appliances into it.
Raz started, momentarily surprised. He pondered for a minute and then carefully held out the paper.  “Because you’re a mate.”
They watched each other for a few minutes, curled up together, both smiling madly.  Sherlock lent in to press a small kiss on John's lips and John rolled onto his side to meet it properly.  When they broke apart, he slung an arm around Sherlock's shoulders and pulled him partially on top of him.  Sherlock responded by throwing a leg over John's and wrapping himself securely onto John's side like a limpet.
Sherlock snorted, jostling his shoulders, causing John to stir slightly.  However, his body had clearly decided it would take what sleep it would get and he sunk back under quickly.  Lestrade noted that Sherlock ran his hand soothingly up and down his arm, stopping just shy of shushing him.
“Go on then, how did you get that one?” he called in the living room’s general direction, pausing to fix a tuft of hair that was reluctant to lie flat.
“I was just going to say that I was going to ask you something, you know, before the whole criminal-attempting-to-stab-you incident.”  Sherlock nodded.  John scratched the back of his neck again, this time nervously.  There were different types of neck scratches.  Sherlock had them documented in his mind palace.  “I just wanted to ask, and you can say no, like I won’t mind, well I will mind but I promise not to be weird about it, and this probably breaks like six different codes of my contract, but then again you know the whole member of staff being arrested thing is probably a bigger problem, but I just wanted to ask, if you would maybe want to, I don’t know, go out, some time?  With me.  Obviously.  Not at the gym.  Like as a date.”  John said the first section without taking a breath and then ground to a juddery halt.  He had aimed most of this speech at his shoes, the front desk, his shoes again, the wall opposite, and Sherlock’s left ear, before finally quickly locking eyes, looking mildly terrified.
Lestrade shrugged.  “Honestly?  We’re getting nowhere fast on this case and between this and the symbols case I need a win, soon.  Figured your boy might be useful, him being a consultant and all.”
“Ah, you’re here!” she squealed, immediately drawing him into a slightly awkward hug given their height difference.  “Loads of us are already here but I’ve invited some others so find a spot where you can.  And you must be John!  Hi, I’m Jasmine,” she said politely, holding a hand out.
Sherlock flicked the mouse and pulled up the plate.  John got out his phone and texted out an alert.  “I’ve alerted the Guard to look out for the car as well as the man.”  Sherlock did not look pleased about introducing other people but they couldn’t logically search the entirety of the afterlife by themselves.
Then Thursday happened.  It was one of the few days he had made it out the house and had been aimlessly wandering the city, trying to find some reason to be excited about any of it.  As usual it hadn't worked but he still kept trying because what else could he do?  Trudging back to his bed sit was when things changed, if only slightly.  He'd taken to walking down the side-streets and alleyways that other people avoided because for one, he didn't want to be around other people and two, they were the only place he felt like he belonged.  This particular day he was taking a new short-cut when he heard a woman screaming.  Acting on instinct, he ran towards it.  As he turned the corner he took in the scene, his military training kicking in.  A young woman was pinned to a wall with a knife held extremely close to her throat by a scrawny twenty-something that John reckoned he could have taken pre-powers.  Post-powers?  The guy didn’t even stand a chance.
So that’s how he had done it, Lestrade thought, how he had wormed his way into John’s life and become it so completely.
“Yeah, I’m fine.  Just uni, you know?” John said, flashing a small smile that didn’t reach his eyes.  Sherlock did not know but realised the evasion for what it was.  Maybe they weren’t quite that close yet.  Maybe he really was just tired.
.  Because, despite the obvious signposts to the contrary, John truly believed Sherlock was genuinely working against the Fallen.  Sherlock wouldn’t betray him like that because…well he wouldn’t.  He could be rude and mean and careless, he’d shown that in his words at the neighbour’s flat, but
Sherlock did not come home that night.  Or at least, John didn’t see him.  This may also have been because upon coming home, John went straight upstairs and pretended he wasn’t listening for the door slamming downstairs.
“- But if the clues fit!  After all, who owns the underground and therefore has the access to let people use it as a portal?  And, look who owns the warehouse.  It takes a few jumps but ultimately, it’s the Council’s.  Therefore, I’d say they know what’s going on and what’s more, they’re
"Hey Sherlock," he replied and was very pleased at how collected he sounded.  See, he could do this.  He could be cool.  So cool.  Totally cool.  Okay, maybe he'd had more beer than he thought.
He willed his body not to tense too much, lest the person wake up.  John knew before he opened his eyes that there was only one person it could logically be yet he couldn't believe it until he saw it for himself.  He cracked an eye open, only to find his vision obscured by the same black mane he had been dreaming about.
agreed to work with him instead of shutting down and replied “I would love to.”  Like a normal person.  His insides felt impossibly light, almost like he was going to explode.  His heart was hammering and he was blushing and he couldn’t stop smiling even if he tried.
This was not quite what John had imagined meeting Stamford or the Fallen again would have looked like.
“Without me?”  Even though his voice was muffled by the cushions, he still managed to sound hurt by this idea.
John paused a moment before replying, to take in the full bizarreness of the question.  “Surprisingly, no.  No, I do not have a hairpin.  At all.  Even when not trapped in a basement.”
“Do you know what I’m going to say?” John says and he even had the audacity to be grinning as if he hadn’t noticed Sherlock was going to shatter if John doesn’t resume his previous actions
“Well I didn’t know him very well.  It used to be a much friendlier neighbourhood but that’s all changed now you see-“
“Are there actually people like this in real life?” John had questioned as Sherlock joined him after slamming the door in Mycroft’s face.  He sat on the floor with his back to the sofa, resting his head on the cushions so he was watching John rather than the film
“Kitchen destroyed?” John asked, wrapping one arm around Sherlock and using it to manoeuvre him so he could both cuddle (
“But it was here,” John said, swinging towards Sherlock.  “You know it was, I sent a photo.”  This defence was not only for Sherlock’s sake but also to prove to himself that he wasn’t losing it.
There was only one solution.  Complete avoidance.  Because although Sherlock was a master of self control, pushing his body to the absolute limits, it didn’t actually mean he enjoyed it.  Also, unlike what John liked to believe, he was actually aware some limits were not made to be pushed.
Sherlock thought that it wouldn’t be the worst thing that had happened that day, but wisely chose to keep it to himself.
Luckily he did not have to think of anything more to say as Sherlock jumped in. “You really shouldn’t listen to music that loud John.  What if there’d been a genuine emergency?”
meaning caught up with his sleep-addled mind.  He balked at the idea, Lestrade’s teasing already ringing in his ears and so went with a simple
John was confused by this.  “But we know it’s Faber,” he said.  Then a thought occurred to him and he took a punt.  “Wait, do you think it’s twins?”
Tv for example.  Apparently it had been quite a surprise when both Sherlock and Mycroft had lost track of John, leading to lots of yelling, accusations of kidnapping and a two-person man hunt, only to find him curled up on the sofa, watching an old spy movie.
He leant against the front door, the grooves digging into his back. He screwed his eyes shut as he simply stopped, palms flat against the wood as it hit him.
Sherlock was quiet and looked serious and John was just about to tell him to forget all about it and run for his own door when Sherlock replied.
So instead of dealing with his issues like the adult he was, John and Sherlock settled into a very haphazard, very unstable routine.  Cases were the foundational structure.  If they were brought by a client then John would play mediator to assure Sherlock wouldn’t get attacked every time they let someone into the house (that old man was determined and
It was also true that a small part of him didn’t want to leave.  He looked around at his collected life, displayed on the mantelpiece and the bookshelf and, well, any flat surface.  He had moved in when a successful case had turned into having a pseudo-mother who insisted he should take the flat.  And then John had arrived and made it home.  He was still uncertain of how he had done this in such a short space of time but from the moment he had arrived the entire building seemed to settle into its foundations.  This was where
And just like that, John found himself irrationally angry.  Because yeah, he might not be what Sherlock wanted, he may not be a stupidly well-toned ballet-dancing supermodel type or
4) he was trapped in a room full of people with an irresistible John Watson and absolutely no way of showing to anyone that he was taken.
He raised his head up from his slumped position and heaved himself up and out of his thoughts.  Molly hadn’t looked up as she grabbed the next bag and kept going.
“Yeah, yeah,” John said, bashfully smiling at his feet, before glancing up at Sherlock.  “You sure you can put up with me?”
They ran to catch up with him.  Sherlock must have spotted what Lestrade had seen before him as he was suddenly enthralled and moved ahead as John fell in step with Lestrade.
Case.  This was just a normal case.  Missing persons.  He coughed and straightened his back.  “Subject left the scene at 9:47.  Following the footage, he gets...three streets away, before cutting through this alley.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, sensing that something was off with Victor’s manner.  He wasn’t exactly tense but when contrasted with his usual laid-back posture, the effect was still quite large.  His eyes were also flickering, assessing the people surrounding them and it was starting to put Sherlock on edge.  This problem, whatever it was, was clearly bothering Victor a great deal.
So apparently his brain had decided now would be a great time to take a holiday in Paraguay and had left him with whatever mess was currently guiding his reactions.  He had to get it together but that was easier said than done.
“Fuck,” he said to the empty room.  He was sprawled out and he could have fallen asleep right then.  But his room was cold and he began shivering, so he crawled under the sheets, shoved his top and jeans off, and rolled onto his side, and tried desperately not to think about what any of it meant.
“To tell me that you like someone?” John looked confused.  Sherlock raised an eyebrow because seriously, how much more would it take for this boy to work it out?  He was trying his best here.  Sherlock stepped closer, so they were
It wasn’t even that unusual, especially in London where many people worked odd hours and it wasn’t even every day.  Finding a walker was surprisingly simple, even though Sherlock made sure the agency knew just how last minute he may have to ring in.  Apparently there was someone who was ‘just perfect’ for that kind of work, all he needed to do was text and everything would be taken care of.  Sherlock couldn’t help but feel sceptical but that may have just been the thought of leaving Gladstone with a stranger.  However when the call came through about a new case, he didn’t have time to waste interrogating dog walkers and so threw the lead at Mrs Hudson, fired off a text and then tried not to worry about his beloved pet.
He then turned and bolted after his masked beloved.  Superpowers he may possess but his sense of direction was still absolutely shocking.
"I don't think my girlfriend would be as keen on the idea," Irene said casually and Bill's face blushed bright red.  John considered it karma for the lover boy comment.  Also Bill had never worked out how to be quiet and this might just teach him something.
“Tried and tested.  Wouldn’t have got your hopes up otherwise.  Now, come on,” he said, pulling Sherlock’s sleeve so he was stood directly in front of the portal.
She looked as if she wanted to ask questions but something was stopping her, and instead the pause was interrupted by a shout of “John.”
.  “Three.  Do you understand?”  Something twingeed in the back of his mind.  That number, it was significant, how was it significant and-oh.
John coughed and covered the awkward air with another question. “Why a detective?  Why not just join the police?”
They wouldn’t care if he just left then would they.  John spun round and stormed towards the bedroom, grabbing his coat.
, sending them in under the guise that Sherlock was definitely into them and no, of course this wasn’t a joke, how dare you accuse us of such a thing!  This, obviously, didn’t work.  Sherlock pushed away every gender equally and when word got round about what was happening, no-one would listen to any officer known to have even
“Er, hey Sherlock.  Sherlock’s friend.”  He nodded at both of them, stumbling a little over the word friend.
, there was a set of double doors.  Closed obviously, the decay of age welding it shut as much as a lock would.
He took the opportunity to stop staring a John like a lovestruck fool and turned to Molly.  “With who?”
John had grown gradually more concerned with his distracted friend and kept on asking if he was okay but it was becoming less and less easy to not yell “Why are you keeping secrets from me?”  That would be ridiculous and Sherlock was anything but ridiculous.
.  Mind-Palace John was still working then.  He was still disapproving.  So long as the others didn’t appear.  Especially
John saw Mrs Hudson try not the laugh as Sherlock quickly covered by saying “I was going to tidy up,” and picked up a stack of papers on the floor only to leave them on a desk, as if that made them sorted.  Perhaps it did.  Well it wasn’t like he had a lot to move in anyway.
Mycroft tilted his head to the side.  “I understand you have been through quite the ordeal, but I didn’t think I would have to remind you that this is my house.”
“C’mon,” he said, bumping Sherlock in the shoulder.  “Might be fun.”  There wasn’t really room but John managed to perch himself on the chair arm, and Sherlock automatically turned so his face was pressed into John’s jumper.  “There’ll be music you can criticise and people to make fun of and there might be dancing…”
He leaned over and closed the gap between them, locking their lips together.  He gave Sherlock a moment to back away and John's heart clenched when Sherlock remained motionless.  He was going to pull back and apologise when a soft pressure pushed back against his lips.  John twisted to face Sherlock properly and brought his hands up to do what he'd been wanting to do all evening (translation: for weeks now) and run his fingers through Sherlock's hair. The hum Sherlock made at the contact sent shivers down his spine.  The kiss was so soft and innocent it barely seemed real.  It was precious and beautiful and everything he had wanted but was too scared to take.
could do those things.  It didn’t mean they were rude or mean or careless all the time.  So, no, Sherlock was not a bad guy here.  John just had to find a way to prove it.  Perhaps he’d busted Raz before.  Perhaps Raz was an informer.  John, with his not-so-secret love of spy fiction (both human and celestial), was rather taken with this idea and in the five minutes it took them to reach the station, he had convinced himself that all was well and that there was no nefarious reason behind Sherlock knowing their fucking
“Clothes off,” John said, with an edge of a captain’s demand to it.  Sherlock sat up slightly and wriggled out of his shirt while John unbuttoned his trousers.  He sighed at the release of pressure and lifted his hips, so John could pull them and his pants down.
Sherlock huffed.  “It’s not my fault you chose pink.  You could have had any colour elephant you liked.”
"And now I am dating one of them, so clearly it worked out for me as well," Mike grinned.  Him and bloody Cathy.  He should just go and talk to her instead of chatting to Sherlock like they were old friends.
“So you just gave it to him?”  John felt he was missing something.  Why was Mike letting a Fallen do experiments in Barts?  And who had stolen the arm?
It was Sherlock’s turn to wait and watch as John weighed his words. He silently admitted to himself that he would stare all night if could. That way John wouldn't disappear, like he had in so many dreams.
them, that he barely heard the barista calling his name.  The girl smirked at him as she handed over his coffee, clearly knowing exactly what he was thinking.  He blushed and scarpered to a table.
Sherlock could see John deliberating.  He could only stand and hope what he said was enough.  He didn’t know what he’d do if it wasn’t.
“I told you, you can’t keep on sneaking round here.  My boss is getting suspicious,” she said with a sigh but John couldn’t help notice she hadn’t said they couldn’t use the room.  Living with Sherlock had made him a quick master of the technicality.
It may not feel like it but we are so nearly there guys, and we are about two chapters away from the scene that propelled me to write this entire bloody thing in the first place!
He was so preoccupied that he didn’t realise that John had even introduced the class until everyone was moving to get a mat set out.  Luckily he and Molly had kept theirs from the first workout, as they had kept their well-fought for places, so he didn’t have to attempt to move.  He was fairly certain he would have embarrassed himself if he had tried.
“No thank you,” Sherlock replied in mock-politeness.  “So, you know victims, where and how.  Why do you need me?  Surely even this isn’t outside your realm of possibility.”
“And the fact he’s an unregistered Fallen wandering around has nothing to do with it at all,” John added and Lestrade shrugged again.
“An underground network Greg.  A literal underground network,” John said, shaking his head.  Subtly was not the art of the Fallen apparently.
“It’s like a tornado in a printing press.”  Lestrade chuckled, and Sherlock smiled shyly, ducking his head slightly.  It made him look younger, more bashful.  Lestrade turned back to the window, not wanting to push Sherlock too far.
Whatever John was thinking of, he'd clearly made a decision. Suddenly he was soldier John, brave John,
It started with a choice to keep their relationship private.  Super private.  Not even Mrs Hudson had gained the privilege of knowing the change in their relationship (because then Mrs Turner would know, and then
Sherlock would have argued that John would have to look at his own shorts before commenting on anyone else’s, but he didn’t want to derail the conversation just yet.  He chose to explain his career.  “When the police are out of their depth, which is constantly, then they call me.”
Sherlock wanted to point out that Jack hadn’t even had a chance to touch him.  However, as he was worried his next words would just be “Marry me”, he just about managed to nod his head.  Nodding was good.  It was a useful communicative tool indicating an affirmative response.
For a moment, he couldn’t move forwards.  It wasn’t that he didn’t want to.  In fact, the evidence that had been uncovered showed it was imperative that he start moving immediately.  His feet, however, would not co-operate.  He physically could not propel himself down the street.  Instead he was locked in his own head.  There was too much to look for, the usual influx of data suddenly turned unreliable.  Things were much harder to dismiss as irrelevant when each could be a sign a Fallen was nearby, ready to attack him.  The effort of verifying each person rendered him immobile.
Sherlock pressed himself nose first into John’s neck, making sure that he’s surrounded once more by John.
“We only have your word for it Sherlock, we need to get it verified before you can question suspects, and we don’t have that sort of time before we would need to release Raz.  You stay here, you listen,
There had been a fraught conversation in the early days (if you can call two weeks ago “the early days”) about Sherlock’s deductions.  They had set up camp by the windows, John pointing out passers-by and Sherlock revealing small, quirky details, and some long-held secrets about them in the safety of their flat.  Sherlock was complaining most of them were predictable, boring, mundane, which made his deductions predictable, boring, mundane but John was, as ever, enraptured by it.  It was warm and cosy and he knew Sherlock was secretly enjoying himself, his mouth fighting against a smile.  This is perhaps why he made a mistake.  It was an innocent one, as far as mistakes go, but still, a mistake.
“Morning sleeping beauty,” John said, smiling.  Sherlock made a noise of disgust as he stuck the kettle on.  John had woken with his own banging headache, had promptly taken ibuprofen and was sat quietly drinking tea at the kitchen table in an effort not to aggravate it anymore.  He now shoved the packet of painkillers in Sherlock’s direction and went back to his tea.  Sherlock seemed mesmerized by his mug before blinking rapidly and turning to John.
He thought of this and other times when he was at his worse, reminded himself of how much he adored Sherlock, how much they'd worked to make this possible, reminded himself that it was all worth it.  That didn’t stop the nightmares though, the very real panic as his brain supplied images of what Moriarty would have done to him, his friends, to Sherlock-.  It was at this point he normally woke up, the sight of those pale eyes staring blankly at him, lifeless still imprinted into his mind until he could find the real Sherlock again, either curled up next to him or out in the living room playing his violin, alive and breathing.
Unconsciously, he dug out the F.A. he’d been keeping in his pocket.  It was unclear if it would survive the journey, but he was bringing it anyway.  He didn’t know why but it seemed important that he show someone.
“Do you want me to break in?” Sherlock asked as they stood there, reaching into his coat pocket for the lock-picking kit (
“S’fine,” Sherlock said with a shrug.  Shards of glass, pieces of wood, and dust fell down as he shook out his wings and ruffled his hair, Lestrade helping dust down his coat.
He didn’t need to be told twice.  Sherlock tilted his hips up and suddenly he was left wearing nothing at all.  His breath caught in his throat at being so exposed and he ducked his head, fairly certain it was more a blush lighting up his cheeks rather than a flush of pleasure.  It was ridiculous to be shy.  He
“Thanks.  We’re going to be fine aren't we?  Whatever he says?”  Gladstone whined, though whether it was in agreement or disapproval he couldn't tell.  Sherlock returned to his thoughts, wondering what the hell he was going to say.  He'd told John it was important because it was but now there was the added pressure of admitting it was important to him.  That he cared.  He really, really cared.
He scratched the back of his head.  This was not exactly how he wanted to introduce the idea but seeing as he didn’t have any other option he just had to hope Sherlock wouldn’t laugh in his face.
They both realised John’s plan at the same time.  For both of them, it was a fraction of a second too late.
“Yes.  Project.  We have a photography project due in a few weeks and I think you would be an excellent study but I didn’t want to just spring this on you so like, I don’t know.  You want to grab coffee?  Decide if it’s something you might be interested in?”
"Last night? Oh last night. All forgotten, I assure you. You don't have anything to be concerned about," Sherlock drawled, indifference plastered over his face.
“Checking she’s Molly,” he said.  Lestrade looked at him for a moment.  Sherlock sighed.  “Need I remind you that there are currently 11 Fallen’s pretending to be Council members.  I admit it’s a bit of a crude way of verifying but it’s all we have at the moment.”
The person was Sherlock’s height, with icy blonde hair lazily styled so bits fell in front of his eyes.  His tee and skinny jeans were hugging a dancer’s frame, that much was obvious, elegant, graceful.  Everything John thought of when he thought of Sherlock.  He was smirking back at Sherlock who was lounging against the door frame.  Sherlock who was smiling.  Sherlock rarely smiled.
Sherlock had been in a sulking mood all morning, which John had anticipated, but it still didn’t make having to haul two suitcases inside any easier.  Luckily the porter ran up to help, which gave John time to glare at Sherlock, who was stood perfectly in the way, right in the middle of the foyer, scowling at his phone.
?” John asked exasperated.  He’d been two footsteps away from Sherlock since they’d found the evidence, only stopping to argue with Lestrade for two seconds.
John moved to his own chair.  “You going to teach me then?” he said, with an uneasy smile, aiming for light.
John was fairly sure his heart stopped beating and he tensed with the effort of not coming on the spot as his cock throbbed at the sight.  He was fairly certain that if Sherlock didn’t get down here this second he was going to kill the smug idiot.
"Okay, me and John are just going to put these in the kitchen," Johnson said, holding up his carrier bag full of beer, before grabbing John's shoulder and forcibly steering him away from the conversation.
“Yeah, that was amazing.  How do you do that?” John said, leaning forward, “Although you weren’t entirely right.”  His eyes sparkled.
“Yeah well it was you who was late.  We’re in there,” he nodded over to the graffiti covered door of the building.
“I believe the exact words were ‘Favourites are a stupid concept based on environmental and social pressures and stimuli’ but also secretly it’s blue.”
Lestrade frowned, but answered.  “Molly said you’d left in a hurry.  Messaged Mrs Hudson to see if she’d heard anything and she said you’d gone this way.”  He paused, choosing his next words carefully.  “We didn’t get a good look down here, but you didn’t seem to be alone?”
was what cases were about.  God how he loved it.  They were finally served and John swivelled to mirror Sherlock.  They stayed there for a while, just surveying the room, the crowd.  John couldn’t spot anything obviously nefarious but really he was just there so Sherlock could spot the unobvious-ly nefarious and he could drag him out of trouble at the last second.  Waiting led to another drink, and they migrated to a tall table.  They occasionally chatted, Sherlock pointing out a random deduction, John telling stories that popped into his head for no reason other than the fact that they were here and apparently had time and he wanted to.
Mallory recoiled, as if to bolt out of the room.  “As in they’re not where we last saw them?  The information I collected appears to be gone as well.”
“Cheers,” Raz said.  He went to lean back but winced and rocked forward again.  “First you can tell your short-arse friend that he’s fucking heavy alright?”
“Because,” Lestrade said, shoving his hands in his pockets and producing a plastic evidence bag.  “I have a bit of the F.A. and we’re going to find out who it belongs to.”
“Or it was in the wrong place,” Lestrade said, pointing with his coffee cup to the opposite side.  Both of them jumped apart at the sudden intrusion and stared at Lestrade.  The only word to describe him was smug.  “Not the only detective here Watson,” he jibed, “Now untangle yourselves, we’ve got an investigation to do.”  With that, he wandered off across the road, whistling.
Sherlock looked back at Victor, a question on his lips but Victor shook his head, holding up a hand.  Then Oli swung the door in, allowing Sherlock an unobstructed view.  If he hadn’t been told it was the same flat, he wouldn’t have believed it.  The flat was a mess.  The sofa and table in the living area were overturned, books and papers spilled out of a cabinet, the old TV lay smashed on the floor.  The kitchen was a disaster zone of broken mugs, pans and cutlery spilled on the floor and countertops, cupboards open but empty as their contents lay strewn across every surface.  The screen had been pulled down and the bedroom was in a similar state, with clothes concealing most of the floor like a ragged carpet.  The bathroom seemed the least damaged but this may have been only because there was little room to destroy.
Despite his stockiness, John knew he could be quick, and he channelled that into a game he liked to call “Don’t let the target get to the end of the street”.  John found he was surprisingly good at this game, leaping and rugby tackling the figure sideways just before the end, just as Sherlock swung into view.  Ah, he was going to cut him off from this side, trapping the guy in the alley.  That made sense, John thought as he dragged the target’s hands behind his back and sat on him for good measure.  Speedy, yet surprisingly dense.  The target struggled for a bit before settling into his fate.
“And bars down!  Good work team,” the infuriatingly peppy instructor beamed as she dropped her bar and skipped over to the speakers.  Sherlock heaved a sigh of relief as his arms and shoulders were released from their pressure.  He heard Molly’s chuckle next to him but chose to ignore it in favour of following the cool down with more attention than it warranted.
Lestrade shot him a look.  “Since when?  All I ever got was football scores and the weather.  Not even that since Hells’ Angel over there turned up.”
“Look will you-”  Whatever reprimand Lestrade was about to give him was cut off by Sherlock blustering out of the alleyway again.
Sherlock didn’t want to smile.  However there was a certain comfort in the consistency that was his brother, even if that consistency was constantly being an arsehole.
He watched as Lestrade half turned, surveying the scene.  Trying to work out where they were, his brain helpfully provided.  “And Moriarty was-”
He sighed for what felt like the fortieth time that morning and went to go get dressed and make breakfast.  He pointedly did
There was the obvious.  The leather-bound books, stacked in block colours, with no names on their spines.  No personal effects on the desk.  No sentiment.  He rolled his eyes.
“I know that they’re going to have messed up the crime scene.”  John jolted back to the present, Sherlock’s petulance requiring even more damage control.
There were many questions John wanted to ask.   The one that he started with surprised even himself.
“Errrr, yeah, we should be alright,” he said, glancing around their desolate surroundings.  They didn’t have coats, didn’t even take them to the club, the evening surprisingly mild.  John was both grateful he wouldn’t have a stroppy Sherlock with a lost Belstaff but worried he would have a freezing Sherlock with pneumonia instead.  He tucked his wings closer round them and guided them to a wall near what once would have been a car park.  Sherlock curled into him and sighed softly.  John allowed himself to rest his head gently on top of Sherlock’s and breathed deeply, exhaustion creeping into his bones.  He fought against his drifting eyelids, keeping half an ear out on the door they had escaped from.
Sherlock took a deep breath.  “He’s going to be fine,” Sherlock repeated, reluctantly.  He had to believe it.  There was no other option.
.  Mycroft had always encouraged interactions with others he deemed ‘suitable’ for Sherlock to be friends with; usually the children of government officials or bank managers, people who would have influence in due course.  The entire idea appeared to be centred on making business contacts rather than true friends.
“Kick it,” was Sherlock’s helpful advice.  He wanted to argue that it wasn’t as simple as that and that it was improbable he would be able to, but they were running out of options and he feared arguments would be met with stubborn insistence or worse, Sherlock trying himself.  John sighed, propped him up against the opposite wall and went to see if it
After that he couldn’t stop himself.  Everything was documented, every small image helping focus him, keep him in this moment rather than letting his thoughts run wild.  He had been up in his room, looking over some of the skyline shots he had taken of the city after not-so-legally gaining access to a roof terrace of a flat block, when his mother knocked on the door.
When they arrived, John was still glaring at the coffee shop.  Sherlock racing ahead like a humanoid bloodhound, he practically barrelled past John and into the alley.  Not expecting anything else, John simply grinned at Lestrade and said, “Suppose you’ll be needing this.”  The other angel accepted the cup gratefully.  His collar was askew, his grey hair winning a battle with gravity, and he looked, for want of a better word, shattered.
is it?”, Raz simply opened his palms in a ‘If that’s what you think’ gesture.  It was the most expressive answer he gave.  Past that point, there were the merest hints at shrugs, eyebrow raises, and the occasional lip quirks.
Gods he needed to talk to some being that wasn’t Sherlock; his boyfriend’s love of answers and lack of self preservation were clearly transferring into his own personality.
“I need you to check these for me.”  He produced several clear plastic bags out of his coat pockets.
?’ motion for them to take off running.  Yes he should probably arrest and question them but at the end of the day what would that achieve?  It was only a bit of graffiti, so let them run.
“Kate,” he spun round with a smile, pleased he recognised someone.  Kate Nixon was one of the few people his own age in his course and they’d become at least acquaintances, if not friends.  Her dark skin highlighted her pale eyes which she emphasised even more with carefully chosen make-up, she had a penchant for purple jewellery and accessories and was quietly competent in her work with an excellent bedside manner.  John liked her.
"Would it help if I said they went in via the roof?" Sherlock said, his voice slightly deeper than it was a moment before.  John took a calming breath and stared at the photos.
“Yeah, tell me about it,” John huffed, leaning back further into his chair, as if it could absorb him.
.  That barista for instance.  Not a likely target to be a Fallen in disguise but on the other hand, gave a good view of the alleyway and tube station, could work odd hours, shift work so they probably only needed a week’s notice and if they didn’t turn up one day they could be replaced.  Someone getting suspicious?  Kill a guy, put on a new face, and go to work.
It was Irene and John couldn't help but feel a little disappointed.  Her black hair, usually carefully pinned up, was loose around her face and her work clothes were swapped for a sparkly black dress.  She looked amazing and if John wasn't so far gone on Sherlock he'd of considered trying flirting with her.
“Hello,” was the level reply. Sherlock was glad to hear some amusement in his voice. Maybe this was going to be okay.
Sherlock’s breath caught.  If this was a trap he was going to kill Raz right there in the living room.  Mrs Hudson would be pissed but it would be worth it.
In all honesty he hadn't really had anything in mind.  All this was a lot further than John had ever thought he would get.  One idea came to mind however...
This man was going to kill him.  He had been sent from heaven, a gift from another world, and he was going to be the death of him.  His thoughts were apparently taking too long however.
Sherlock resisted the urge to lunge across the room and throttle him.  “I meant in the conservatory specifically.  Obviously.”
“You love a puzzle! Always have, always will, and that makes you vulnerable.  And I had other business to attend to,” Moriarty said with a shrug.
John was not alone in his boredom- Lestrade was there, Sherlock having fun reminding him that he wanted to be involved at
“I’ll be sure to bring him back!” Molly piped up, appearing at his shoulder.  “I’m going to have to steal him away though as I have a date tonight and have promised to give this one a lift home first.”  Sherlock was both thankful and curious.  What date?  Had she mentioned anything about a date?
“Ugh, never mention my brother again, the thought of him makes me physically ill.  You’re turning people into heroes again,” Sherlock warned.
Sherlock struggled to put the overwhelming feeling into words, the sensation that his feelings had become sentient and were tightening his throat, rolling in his stomach, making him want to both scream and laugh hysterically.  What he said was: "What if he doesn’t like me?”
“They wiped the CCTV.  All they have is Jake’s word against theirs.  A teenager living in this area, the police aren’t likely to listen.  But even if they did, they must have something to use against Jake, something he’s done to provoke this.”  But what?  Or perhaps something
He went to leave and was at the door before Lestrade said “Oh, and Mallory?  Keep this quiet, yeah?”  The younger angel nodded again and bounded out the room.
However, when Sherlock arrived at Lestrade’s office and skimmed the files he could barely contain his sigh of derision.  It had to be obvious even to Lestrade that this case was nothing of the calibre Sherlock expected.
“He’s quite a good model actually,” John argued.  Victor simply tilted his head with a small smile on his face.  John completely missed Sherlock blush behind him.
“What?” John frowned as he tried to keep up with Sherlock’s racing thoughts.  To his credit, he was doing fairly well so far.
He steeled himself and tried to stroll down the corridor.  ‘Tried’ as his current nerves meant he felt like he had no control over his limbs.
His hand dropped to his side.  As he looked around the living room, his heart ached.  He needed to know what was on the other side,
What neither of them expected was John being engulfed in a hug.  Startled at his own actions, Sherlock made to draw back but then John drew him close.  “Sorry,” Sherlock said, “This is what people do though isn’t it?  To comfort people?”
“Why fitness?” Sherlock hadn’t realised before but suddenly he wanted to know everything about this man.
Victor made a more overt display of checking around him, the leaned in so that only Sherlock could hear.  His voice dropped and turned serious.  It had the startling effect of making Victor seem much older than his 18 years. “Look, I’ll explain more about it later, I just wanted to know if you were interested in an actual case.  I don’t know if the police know about it yet but I want someone looking into it that I know I can trust.  Oh-” his voice changed back to its usual, casual tone, accompanied by his habitual grin “and Jasmine’s having a party on Friday, just the usual crowd.  She asked me to invite you.  You in?” Victor raised his eyebrow, implying he wasn’t just talking about the party.
“Fine, let’s find John and he can tell me instead.  Rally your big brother, Mycroft isn’t it?  He’ll probably be able to find him no time.”
amount of steroids’ stashed in a broken panel behind the back of the locker which the lab confirmed was the drugs they were looking for.  Now it was just bringing the culprit into custody which the police had reassured Sherlock they were fully capable of on their own.
put John in danger.  More danger.  It didn’t help that every time he tried to think and push his mind forward, his brain would flicker to images of John, of his hair, his eyes, his laugh, his smile, seeing John sat in his chair, in the morning making tea.  Static noise.  Too distracting.
The major thing bothering Sherlock was the fact they didn’t bump into each other like they use to.  For a few weeks it had felt like he couldn’t move around the university, around London even, without accidently coming across one John Watson.  Now however there hadn’t been a sighting for days, not even on the corridor they both lived on.  This was what made Sherlock think he was being avoided the most.  Not texting might have been a mistake.  This was active evasion.
It was then that his laptop beeped.  Both looked over, startled and as if they had been caught.  It was then that John remembered he was supposed to be writing his report.  In fairness there was something else distinctly on his mind.
The unofficial record stated that there was an ambush on a routine walk-round and John was drugged and taken prisoner by an unknown organisation. Memories of that time were hazy, with parts merging together into a drug-induced fog.  There were certain moments of clarity.  Being forced to sprint to avoid being run over by a tank. Pushing aforementioned tank in the sweltering sun of the desert.  Being actually
Bit of a fast/ bitty edit on this one so let me know of any mistakes (edited part of it at work, then some at home, didn't realise the work stuff only saved onto the internet version etc etc, you get the drift)
As he made his way through the buildings and up the stairs, the walk seemed to stretch on far longer than usual.  Had they accidentally moved the hall buildings further away when he wasn’t looking?  Were they now in Scotland?  Was Sherlock interested in Scottish people?  Should he attempt the accent?  No, that was ridiculous.  Or was it?  No it was.  Definitely was.  God he was freaking out.  He took out his keys and started messing with them, something to keep his hands from twitching.
“Sherlock, you have to hand back the arm.  You’ve been looking for the owner all morning,” Stamford cut in, breaking the tension.  John tried not to look surprised but fell dramatically short.  He was trying to help?
Jasmine, clearly seeing him floundering, bounced up to him and began introducing him to people, often with the title ‘Sherlock’s John’.  This intro often caused people to pause and do a quick, silent assessment of him from head-to-toe.  After the fourth time, Jasmine seemed to clock his confusion and laughed.  “They’re just curious is all.  We’ve all been dying to meet the ever mysterious John,” she teased.  He wondered what they were thinking when they looked at him.  Was he what they were expecting?  Probably not.  Did they like him?  That remained to be seen.  Most people made nice small talk with him but then again they did that with every person.  The only person he’d conversed with properly all day was Jasmine, and he wasn’t sure whether this was because she genuinely liked him, pitied him, or just didn’t want him ruining her party by being grouchy.
It took a moment to work out what he was looking at.  On the screen was a map of the streets they had just been down.  Lines traced over the most of the streets, a tangle of criss-crossing and well-worn tracks.  Sherlock definitely shouldn’t have access to this.
“Do you want to tell him or should I?” Moriarty said.  Sherlock’s stomach clenched as he realised the true reason they had been gathered.
Golden light surrounded them, a warm, encompassing glow, as Sherlock kissed John again, deeper this time, wrapping him up in his arms.  The universe paused, the world stopped spinning, and all that existed was him and John, together, in the sunshine.
“You were related to him?” Sherlock’s eyes widened in shock as he tried to find some similarity between the two men.
“Different handwriting.”  Sherlock tilted his head towards John, keen as ever to hear his attempts at observation.  Both were stood nearly leaning on the wall, John not daring to risk either of them moving further into the room, Sherlock using the vantage point to sweep for objects of interest.  “The writing up until now has been fairly similar, small variations, but this,” he pointed.  “This is more…slopey.” God he wished he was better at words.  Sherlock nodded charitably.  “If we could find out how many people are tagging, by using their handwriting, we might have more of an idea what we’re up against.”
Mycroft was not inclined to play along.  “Yes, please do sulk.  I find self-pity is the most productive emotion.  But, when you decide you would like to cause more havoc in my life, you are needed downstairs.”
It was one of the better pictures he had to admit.  He was crouched on a rooftop; the image was from a zoomed in camera from across the street.  His masked face was turned away, looking at something down in an alley.  His body however was on show, and through the dim lighting, the definition of his muscles under light-weight kevlar and lycra could be seen.
“Well he’s never going to let me here the end of this,” Sherlock muttered and sighed.  “Victor is not my boyfriend,” he said and continued as if still talking to himself, “Absolutely not.  No thank you, I know far too much about him to see him in that light and I have my sights set firmly on someone else.”
“Wouldn’t be as fun if I told you everything.”  He started pacing, slowly meandering around the desks with his hands shoved into his pockets.
“Hey, I could know cool people. I don’t but I could!” John replied and Sherlock laughed.  However he couldn’t drag out signing things for much longer (didn’t this usually take approximately 19 hours?) and reluctantly handed everything over to the receptionist.  He turned to John as John turned towards him.  There was a pause and Sherlock couldn’t help but hear Molly’s voice yell at him “To say something you idiot, just say something while he still thinks you’re cool and interesting!!”  He wasn’t quite sure what he was going to say but that didn’t stop him from trying to start a sentence.  However John had also tried to speak at the same time.  They both laughed nervously and looked away, John at his shoes and Sherlock at the poster on the wall.
There was a polite cough from the doorway.  Sherlock would have been happy to ignore it but John pulled back reluctantly, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s nose first.  He looked towards the door, a faux-polite smile on his lips.
“Michael Stamford, if you weren’t going to be incredibly useful in a few minutes time, it would be my turn to stab you with
“Our landlady?”  he repeated.  There was a small part of him that was uncertain Sherlock wouldn’t just jump out the window to avoid the question.
Sherlock opened his eyes and was immediately greeted with the sight of his knees.  This was a surprise.  He was sat on the floor, back slumped against the wall, barely upright.  The cacophony of his Mind Palace, currently in disarray, was ringing in his ears.  His eyes flickered as he tried to establish what was reality.  He kept his head down for a moment, vision swimming.
Sherlock nodded.  “The dosage was too low to cause an overdose.  It was spiked with a catalyst making muscle-gain quicker but with the unfortunate side-effect of poisoning those using it.  How do you know it wasn’t the company directly?”
“Sherlock we’re trying to solve a crime, not create one,” Victor teased, while patiently watching the door.  Sherlock relaxed next to him, trying to look as inconspicuous as possible.  The few people on the street seemed to rush past, barely glancing at the two teenagers hanging around.  After a while, a boy rounded the corner of the street, about their age but a few inches shorter, dressed in tracksuit bottoms and a hoodie.  He’d walked up to the door and opened it before turning to Victor.
Sherlock rose to his full height and sighed again.  “Once again you miss the obvious Sally.  One you had the frankly idiotic thought that I was going to simply tell you, just so you can make irrelevant and inaccurate assumption about me based on an alarmingly insignificant amount of data.  Two, you would have realised that I wasn’t a Beta merely by my smell if you had bothered to notice,” he shoved his wrist under her nose, allowing her to take a cautious sniff before snapping it away again and shucking his coat sleeve down.  “Odourless, suggesting a distinctive scent, not found in Betas.  Three, you would have realised that these eyes don’t belong to this body at all.  I suggest you visit the morgue Detective Inspector,” he directed towards a shocked looking Lestrade who had just appeared in the doorway.  Sherlock began to stride out the room but before he made it out the door he spun back to look at Sally.  “Also please tell your friends at the Yard to either become subtle in their appalling attempts at extracting information so I can ignore them or better yet, to cease entirely in this pointless endeavour.”  With that he marched out the room and hadn’t said another word on the matter.
“That’s a lot of people of interest,” Molly pointed out, lifting one of the bags to look at the strands of hair within.  “Human?”
“Coffee,” the barista said, and John jumped.  He realised he must have looked strange focussing on across the road, like a cat getting ready to pounce on thin air.   Nodding thank you, he tried to pretend that he was a normal angel just getting coffee.  The barista responded with an ‘It’s above my pay grade to care’ shrug and turned back to their phone.  There were some perks to living in a replica capital city.
“You can’t recreate this specific power register without F.A.  I think it said somewhere you could make a magnet levitate if you dropped it into the beaker,” he said.
This chapter is about 5700 words so is the longest chapter I think? As ever, kudos and comments are gold dust, but even just reading it warms my writers heart.  Enjoy!
scandalise Mrs Hudson and instead be subjected to her talk on her ‘wild years’ which Sherlock had sworn to black out of his memory).
He nodded and shoved his hands back into his pockets, taking off back down the street.  His hand found the vial containing the small glowing fragment that was tethering him to his mission.
John scowled.  The thought of being that close to their murderer was unsettling.  “Why’d they drive us to the scene?  Surely they’d know-”
This was the first time he saw Sherlock Holmes.  He made sure it was not his last.  Obviously he didn’t know he was called Sherlock Holmes at the time.  Most of the time, in his mind, he was simply the Gorgeous Coffee God.  He did not tell anyone this name.  He did not want it going round he was acting like a besotted 14 year old.  But in his head, he was free to think of as many ludicrous names and fantasies as he wanted.  And dream he did.
The rugby crew had also noticed.  Some of the lads were walking a different way back from practice and happened to walk by the café at John's peak pining time.  They had not embarrassed him there and then but the ribbing he got at the next practice was fairly brutal to make up for their kindness earlier.
“And you are insisting you’re a villain.  Have you been a dick recently?  Yes.  Is it worth being banished to the Other Place for?  No.  I mean you solve crimes for a living., that counts for something.  You look after Mrs Hudson.  You put up with me.  You’re not a bad angel Sherlock.  Even if you want to be.”
That didn’t stop his gut from clenching when the lift doors dinged and opened.  It opened out onto a waiting room with an empty secretary desk along the left side wall and some comfy chairs alongside the other, creating a runway up to the door.  The door itself looked out of place, oak wood contrasting the cream and lilacs of the room.  It looked imposing and ominous and it reminded him of-
“Come on, Greg’s inside.”  She led them inside, past a black door that was near identical to its neighbours, and down the hallway.  Through the dark he could see furniture covered in tarpaulin suggesting this was formerly someone’s home but the walls all a blank white.
The other thing that people liked to debate was what the hell they talked about or even if they talked at all.  Some had been known to walk past several times,
John's mind was made up.  To be fair it had been made up the first time he'd seen him so it wasn't that difficult a decision to come to.  "Okay then."
“So what next?” Lestrade interjected.  John leapt back guiltily.  During their conversation, he had gravitated into Sherlock’s personal space, leaning in towards his face.  There was a certain way Sherlock’s eyes sparkled with the possibility the case presented, his excitement infectious.  However, now Lestrade was glancing between them with a raised eyebrow and considering his earlier assumption, John stepped back.
, see what I didn’t have time to look at.  Should be easier with a warrant.  And I need to talk to the manager, obviously.”
“Well,” John said, settling down so there was more pressure on Sherlock’s chest, grounding him.  “I would like to stay here if that’s alright with you?”  Sherlock nodded.  “Good.  Because you are gorgeous,” and here he began punctuating each word with a kiss, “and funny, and brilliant, and clever, and sexy, so fucking sexy.”  This kiss lasted longer, was deeper, John’s tongue taking it’s time exploring his mouth.  When the separated, both their breathing was a little harder.  “And so there’s nowhere I’d rather be more than right here.”  Sherlock didn’t know how to respond, how to articulate the fact he felt the exact same way other than to push up and pull John back towards him, continuing the kiss.
“I think that would be a stretch but I guess, in a way,” he said, smiling at the paperwork while sneaking smiles John’s way.  Because John
Sherlock opened his eyes, mouth open as if to argue, but under John’s pointed glare he glanced down.  He looked shocked as if only just realising he wasn’t magically dressed and groomed.  He snapped his mouth shut, making a conceding grunt and rolled himself off the sofa before stalking into the bathroom.  John sighed, though he wasn’t actually annoyed.  If he allowed himself to be irritated every time this happened, he would be in a near permanent state of exasperation which was too exhausting to even think about.  That being said, John was still worried about his budding detective.
“I can tell you’re trying to avoid my sceptical look.  Acknowledge it.” John stared until Sherlock glanced at him.
“Shhh, they’ll hear,” John said, nodding to the shield charm which was the only thing between them and the Guards in charge of the scene. It would be easier to stay angry with Sherlock if talking to him didn’t feel so natural, something he didn’t even need to think through.
He wondered about Sherlock’s reach.  Were the entire staff at Bart’s beholden to the Fallen angel?  Was it a building-wide secret?  There had to be some sort of system in place, surely, otherwise everyone would know.  Or did Sherlock only lurk about when no one else was there, Bart’s very own ghost.
John couldn’t think of an appropriate response and so reached over and pressed their lips together, hoping the simple kiss would express his gratitude.  Sherlock moved to deepen in and made an annoyed huff when John pulled back.
“No,” Sherlock shouted, his head snapping up.  “I’ll take it, though I still don’t see what you want.”
It was then Sherlock realised he was gripping his phone so hard his knuckles were going white as his mind had raced to pick out the worst-case scenario.
Sherlock fought the urge to stick his tongue out.  “John is an excellent medic.  And we will be returning to the Above with you, so I’m sure we can suffer your presence for a few days.”
His eyes flickered forward to the other chair.  He had been tempted to move it into his room but the idea of touching anything in the flat was abhorrent.  Everything was in exactly the same place as he had left it that morning and that’s how it would remain.
John had forgotten all words.  He knew he should be saying something but lord knows what it was.  What did people normally say?
It was John's turn to look embarrassed.  "I didn’t want to scare you off.  And I didn't think you'd be interested," he added.
“Lock,” John whimpered and the strain in his voice must have betrayed how close he was because Sherlock stopped.  From the way his eyes slammed shut it looked like he wasn’t far behind either.  John whimpered when Sherlock lifted up onto his knees which quickly changed to a gasp as he trailed feather light kisses down his face, his neck, his chest, until he was right at the top of his jeans.  He groaned slightly as Sherlock sat up and there was only minimal contact because he was aroused and could be contrary if he wanted to be.  He propped himself up on his elbows to half-glare at him but he was too far gone for it to be really effective.  Sherlock looked up at him and he must have looked like a wreck because that’s how he felt but Sherlock seemed mesmerised for a second.  John broke the moment by nodding and lifting up his hips, and closed his eyes at the feeling of Sherlock taking his jeans off and throwing them to the floor to join their shirts.  His opened his eyes as the room stilled for a second and looked up at Sherlock quizzically.  Sherlock looked very pleased with himself which really should have given John a clue.  He then leant down and, without breaking eye contact, grabbed the boxer waist-band by his teeth and pulled them off of John.  And then, the bastard winked.
Sherlock was hiding a smile behind his coffee cup.  John was looking forward, ostensibly not noticing anything, but he could still see Sherlock out of his peripheral vision.
Raz was taken into custody and set up in an interview room.  Behind the one-way mirror, a conference gathered.  Lestrade was pacing.  Sherlock still looked bored but had moved his hands to their steepled position, fingertips resting on his chin which betrayed his interest.  And John was ignoring both of them and started looking at their suspect.  Surprisingly, John realised this was the first opportunity to get a good look at him.
He was surprised (and happy) to note he didn't feel any panic and it was almost worrying how not worried he felt.  Though, it was difficult, he supposed, to have a sexuality crisis when your fantasy for the past few months was wrapped around you after, well, after that.
It was at this point the moment was completely ruined by a man bursting through the double doors into the studio.
“Err, yeah, fine.  Just haven’t seen you so dressed up before,” he said, flashing a grin before turning back to the camera, pretending to fix something.
John didn’t realise he had made a mistake.  It was the day of his photo shoot with Sherlock and he was pleased that his excitement was out-weighing the nerves.  After their coffee stop (John had to stop himself from calling it a Date because that was
“Nothing spectacular I should warn you now but I’m sure we’ll have a good time,” Sherlock smiled up at him, the one, rare, genuine smile that betrayed his happiness.
“Is your shoulder okay?”  Maybe that was a bit abrupt but luckily John had already proved he didn’t mind the lack of tact.
“Straight down the hallway, door at the end,” Sherlock said, taking the opportunity to nuzzle into John’s neck, kissing and biting at the bit of collarbone left exposed.  His legs must be longer as their torsos were surprisingly well matched.  That being said, he still felt slightly like he was entirely made of limbs, but John kept him pulled close as he moved with ease down the corridor and into his bedroom.
John shook his head.  He didn’t want to believe Sherlock was right when he called him an idiot but sometimes he made himself wonder if there wasn’t a grain of truth in it.  Please let the coffee kick in soon.
As soon as the lift doors opened into the foyer, Sherlock watched a similar revelation descend onto John.  The crowd gradually filtering into the ballroom was immaculate and elegant, a stereotype of beauty and elite.  They had barely walked into the room and already they could feel several pairs of eyes watching, some lingering a longer than a casual gaze.
Sherlock, while being annoyed at most of the human population for existing, adored dogs to the point that he would walk the long way back from campus simply to say hey to the dog that sat by the gate from 5-6pm every day.  Also Irene had found doesthedogdie.com bookmarked on his phone, despite his insistence that all films were stupid.
“Ha!” he shouted as the system spat out the correct answer.  He turned to Lestrade, eyes shining.  “It’s obvious, blindingly obvious.  If I wasn’t so addled then I would have got there much sooner.  ”
John expected Sherlock to be ecstatic at the news that the game was back on.  He certainly played the part well, bouncing up to stand on the sofa, gesticulating wildly while talking, and stating the day should be a national holiday as the universe finally stopped being boring.  However, it seemed to John he was merely overjoyed rather than nonsensical with excitement.  There was a hesitancy in declaring it “wonderful news” and he had not attempted to race out the door in his pyjamas, as was his habit when his emotions took over his actions.  Instead he chased into his room and returned fully dressed, chiding John for not getting his shoes on.  The fact the detective was barefoot himself was not apparently relevant.
it.  He'd ordered his drink from a bored looking barista, although having worked in coffee chain himself he couldn't blame her, and was looking around the place and there he was.
“He didn’t take on a new identity.  He’s used to living on the streets, he had no need to blend in with the populous or pass any scanners that would pick him up.  I’m working on reaching him, to get a list.”
“It’s nothing,” he tries but Sherlock’s already narrowed his eyes and was in full thinking mode.  His eyes flickered round John’s body and then systematically around the living room, assessing and sorting, unravelling as best he can.  John felt it in his bones that this was now the time that Sherlock was going to find out.  He knew it before Sherlock’s eyes landed back on the laptop and nearly flickered away until something caught his eye.  Once again he looked between the laptop and John and once again he blushed.
“To interrupt my work?” Sherlock glanced over the lab desk to the doorway, then pointedly returned to whatever he was doing before the interruption.
“You like the challenge of it,” John said with a fond smile, as if something had clicked into place.  Sherlock was about to ask but John had winced when moving away and aborted an attempt to lean his cheek on his hand.
“We have been working from the idea that the Council limits have been breached and the fact they didn’t know this.  But we only have evidence for half of that statement.”
This somehow made the secret almost worse.  John could recognise a kindred spirit in Sherlock’s actions, although he always proclaimed it was for the puzzle over the people.  But what they both drove for was the chase and herein lay the problem.  How do you go about telling your flatmate/ colleague/ new best friend that you weren’t in on Wednesday to help go solve a murder case because you were jumping rooftops after a gang leader that aforementioned flatmate had been looking for, for four months?  It wasn’t something you could type into Google.
He looked around the room.  Far too much dark oak wood for his taste and the large painting above the fireplace was overkill.  However, he would begrudgingly admit it was not entirely horrendous, for a temporary location.  The navy dressing gown hanging on the door was also appreciated.  Now all he had to do was reach it.
.”  John was smiling too, with the same hyper “oh my god this is actually happening” edge.  “Are you free tomorrow night?  I know it’s short notice.”  Bless him for assuming Sherlock had plans that did not revolve around the unpredictable chaos of casework and John’s exercise classes.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “I work better alone.”  He shoved himself back onto his feet, ruffling his wings and rolling his shoulders.
crime scene and Sherlock wanting to rant for several minutes on the fact Lestrade was wasting time.  Lestrade broke first, sighing, then crossing his arms.  Sherlock took this as a sign he would finally take him seriously.
“Regular elephants.”  Sherlock said it as if his thought process should be obvious.  John couldn’t help laughing.
“Careful,” said the soft voice from above him.  “Remember, keep your breathing steady, it’ll help you balance.”  As if he could breathe normally in such a situation.  Ridiculous.  Stupid, lovely John.
Mycroft looked between them, nodded once, and got up.  Once he was out of the room, John stood up and started pacing, rubbing the back of his neck.  Sherlock fought down a smile.  Angel or not, his nervous habits were still the same.
He, equally as carefully, walked over and plucked the scrap out of his hands.  “I’ll see what I can do.  After all, they still need snitches.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll look after him,” another female voice said from behind them and Jasmine ran off to answer the now insistent knocking at the door.
Sherlock propped his feet up onto the chair, so his knees were bunched up against his chin.  John leaned forward slightly.  “Do you know there are roughly 77 abandoned tube stations in London?  In the Below most of them have been destroyed but in the Above, some have been kept and remodelled.  For example, there’s one that used to service the patrons of the British Museum.”
Sherlock ignored Molly scoffing behind them and her muttered “Yeah, it ain’t shock my friend,” and managed to nod and say “I’m fine, really,” in about as normal a voice as he could manage.  John smiled but before Sherlock could say anything else they were shepherded out of the room and up to waiting unmarked police cars.  He couldn’t be too mad however as John kept a hand on his arm, probably out of concern he would swoon at any moment like an 18
Sherlock sighed dramatically, as if John was being tedious, and stepped onto the set.  It was then that John felt like his project just might work, and the realisation pushed him out of his awkward nervousness and into full photographer mode.  He knew how to do this.  Hell, he was
And if he spent the next few hours even more focused on Sherlock Holmes, well, that wasn’t unusual anymore.
The name Stamford in the context of Barts made something click in John’s head as Lestrade continued to gripe about the annoying mobility of the Barts staff and the adverse effect it had on crime investigations.  “As in Mike Stamford?”
“Yep,” Lestrade nodded as he nudged Sherlock out the way of his chair.  “All overdoses on a new type of steroids that’s making the rounds.”
John tried not to look amused.  “Perfect gorgeous.  Just perfect.”  He returned the kiss on the forehead.  “Sleep now sweetheart.  I’ll be right here.”
“Look at you being so generous.  Ooh, what is everyone’s in on it?  Like in a spy film when everyone files out and it’s just the hero and villain left?”
John stuck his tongue out at him because it was nearly midnight on a cold street in London and he didn’t know what else to do.  Because what the hell was that?  It was good.  It was for the case.  Did he want it to happen again?  Irrelevant surely because Sherlock didn’t think anything of it.  Did he?  No, no he couldn’t.  For fuck’s sake Watson, concentrate.
on you?” John’s felt anger spike through him.  What an invasion of privacy.  Sherlock smiled indulgently back at him.
Instead he sat by the computer and sighed so Sherlock knew he was annoyed.  “What do you need me to do?”
So treat-and-spying Friday coffee became talking-to-Sherlock-and-trying-to-control-his-crush coffee.
“We could power most of Europe with the amount of cake you eat.”  It was not his best but he was rusty after all.  He had not had the unpleasant experience of his brother’s company for some time.  This was not aided by the fact his face was mashed into a pillow as a result of him lying on his front.
in it.  He glanced in his rear-view mirror at the pair of them crammed into the back.  He conceded they did look oddly sweet, the Fallen sharply focussed on the outside world, body tense, apart from the gentle arm he had around John.  It had migrated from the opposing side when John had tipped into sleep and ended up with his face pressed up against Sherlock’s shoulder, his nose nearly pressed up against Sherlock’s neck.
“I don’t think you need to worry about numbers.  Think you have a new convert here.”  Molly nudged him with her elbow and for a moment Sherlock was confused as to why.
“One,” he tried and failed to suppress his smile which only grew as Sherlock frowned in confusion.  But then he didn’t have time to work out what the hell John was on about because they were kissing again and he didn’t care about anything else in the world.  Nothing at all mattered more than the feel of John’s lips on his, John’s tongue sweeping over his, John’s hands gently brushing his hair, soothing it down after it’s rough treatment.  He groaned as John began sucking at his bottom lip which turned to a whine as John pulled back,
, something he had never done before and was reluctant to ever do again.  He flicked through to the photo spread and stopped dead.
“Course I will,” John said, and there was a large part of him that truly believed he would.  There was a small part however, deep down, that wondered.
He expected Sherlock to have already retreated to his room, so was surprised when he nearly collided with him at the top of the stairs.  The shock made him inhale and god, Sherlock smelt amazing, and his shirt was so soft, and he looked up, and Sherlock looked down and it was that moment again and he was going to-
“But I thought that was why you were getting involved, so you could find out for us,” Jake protested.
This is why he didn’t feel as bad that the first thing he did upon regaining consciousness was nudge his elbow backwards, jabbing it into Sherlock’s side.
Mike stopped, which in the lunch queue was a Very Bold move.  “Crossing. A. Line Watson.  Crossing A Line.”
It was at this moment the particular part of the ceiling above Raz’s head caved in.  Dust and detritus flurried down, masking both Sherlock and Raz from view.  There was a flurry of activity, wings and screaming, mainly from Raz.  John beat Lestrade out the door, in time to catch Sherlock as he fell out the interrogation room, a gash streaming blood from his head.
“Not yet,” John teased, and he resumed his exploration of Sherlock’s body, sinking lower and lower.  Sherlock bit his lip as he imagined that mouth around him instead of kissing his hip, trying to stifle the needy sound.  However, frustratingly, John kept going lower, sitting up and resting back on his knees so he could lift Sherlock’s leg up and kiss the inside of his ankle.  He tenderly made his way back up, pausing at the places that made Sherlock whimper the most, small abortive thrusts thwarted.
, an entity that deified all the labels regular people ascribed to social relationships.  In the same moment Sherlock was contemplating his uniqueness, the John in question looked up, smiling softly.
“It’s only a small project Sherlock, it’s not like it’s a disaster,” Mr Holmes waved a hand, so reminiscent of a Mycroft dismissal.
“Err, yes I do,” said Mike, looking unchanged from his army days, apart from being slightly chubbier and the lab coat, blinked as his mind caught up with the scene before him.  “John this is Sherlock, he uses the lab sometimes.  Sherlock this is John, we used to be in the army together.  I’m sure he has an excellent reason for dropping by and disrupting the sacred realm.”
John locked up the room and turned to Sherlock.  There was a small pause and then both began speaking at once.
.  His hands were shoved in his pockets and he was rocking back and forth slightly on his heels, totally confident, totally at ease.  It should have been odd to see John outside of his training gear but somehow it felt as natural as breathing and this is what stopped Sherlock in his tracks.  How could this feel so normal?  And how could he have been so panicked when seeing John was the only thing that made him feel truly steady?  Giddy, yes.  Tongue-tied, slightly.  But panicked, anxious?  Never.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered between him and the laptop before landing on the laptop and the images on it.  To John’s surprise, his cheeks reddened.  Was Sherlock...blushing?
John led Sherlock back to the dance floor, hands intertwined.  There was a small space near the edge of the floor and the music was at a slow waltzing pace.  There wasn’t any space to move into so they simply turned on the spot.  John could feel a few people glancing their way but he only had eyes for Sherlock, who was thinking the exact same thing.  It turned out their bubble was still intact, just people could now see inside, could now see how happy they were.
The receptionist nodded.  “He would need to use his key-card to get back here and sign-in, it would flag on our system.”
This was very easy considering he was sulking, under-fed (apart from dessert, he didn’t mind dessert), and very determined.  He slowly started stealing other people’s drinks.  This was easy because as Sherlock knew already, people were idiots.  His logic was simple and flawless.  If he was drunk John would have to look at him and look after him and he would forget about the stupid A&E doctor and would take him upstairs and everything would be fine
Two average, short words were all it took to nearly unravel Sherlock Holmes. He indulged in recording the voice for later when he could find and analyse all the nuances of expression but for now. For now it was enough to be able to hear it again.
“Okay, because he’s your brother, and because he called me cryptically to question me about our relationship the day we met, and because I thought he was part of the investigation this whole time, and because it’s the sort of thing a person might want to share with another person they’re living with.  Are any of those good reasons to tell someone about your relatives?”  It wasn’t fair that John had time to plan his attack so Sherlock tried to switch subjects.
This was a thought which haunted him now, a mocking echo.  That time was over now.  He had to accept that fact.  He had to remind himself of that.  The war had been bloody and ruthless but the Council won in the end through the skin of their non-existent teeth.  The new rebellious fell and order was restored.  This did not mean everyone in John’s world was necessarily
“John,” Sherlock huffed, trying his best to squirm against John’s hand but found it impossible.  He didn’t even notice John’s grin which was quickly hidden as he mouthed the crease at the top of Sherlock’s leg, too lost in the heat rushing through his body.  Sherlock groaned, hands twisting the sheets beneath him.  If he could just shift his hips slightly more to the left-
“Hi guys.  Good workout today,” he said, looking at Sherlock.  To everyone else in the room it was clear that he hadn’t really registered that Molly was there at all.  Sherlock, for all his observational ability, was the one person who had not.
“Oh,” was all he could manage to say.  Well that was short-lived.  And he’d said such sweet things.  Foolish to believe him really.  He stood, intending to run and hide somewhere in the house.
on a date.  Pushing it aside and assigning it to the pile of social conventions he would never understand, he stood up, so he was fully under the shower spray, quickly cleaning himself and making sure to shampoo and condition his hair carefully.
He tensed.  John was here for now because he’d asked him to stay.  John was lovely and therefore had done as requested but would that translate into actually wanting to say.  It was as if the hours spent blissfully unaware had stored up all his worries and the anxiety had now hit him full force.  Because if he could remember, through the haze of want, back to the actual date, he seemed to remember mentioning serial killers, and deducing John and
“Oooh.  He’s feisty,” Moriarty said with something close to approval.  “Maybe I can see the appeal after all,” he said to Sherlock.  “Even if he is a distraction.”
Sherlock smiled and pressed their lips back together briefly.  “Then yes I think I do fancy him quite a bit.  But
At the noise he flinched and spun round.  He reminded himself that although he was technically keeping a secret, Sherlock was also secretly stalking a vigilante without telling him.  It was a small something but he held onto it for courage.  He was not the only one to be questioned.
Molly continued.  “And if he’s a dick, I’ll beat him up myself.”  That did make Sherlock smile, the image of tiny Molly Hooper storming into class to square up to John who, although not tall, was at least a head taller than Molly, and her yelling at him until the cows came home, set up shop, and retired.
“That’s very…” John cast around for any word other than nice. “Sweet.  That’s very sweet of you Sherlock.  Now get off my head or I’m going to do serious damage to your kidneys.”
was being ridiculous.  He paced back, dragging a hand over the violin Mycroft had given him as a parting reminder of the debt he was owed (John tried to say it was a gift, his sweet, naive beloved, but Sherlock knew the truth).  This was not the sort of nervous energy that would be dispersed by playing, so he kept stalking back and forth, back and forth, until something caught his eye.  He turned, startled.
“You know, sometimes, I hate the fact that you are a good Defender,” John muttered, angry that he couldn’t hide his inner turmoil.
Sherlock pouted.  Suddenly all the nervous anticipation had seeped out of him and all he really wanted to do was snog his boyfriend and have a cup of tea.  He might even be tempted to watch a film.  “Well this way I know I have your full attention.”
"Come here, look at this," Sherlock ushered him over to the desk.  "What do you see?" John went and stood next to him.  His heart rate picked up as he realised how close they were standing.  The sound of the party was muffled by the door, making the room a small, quiet pocket where it was just the two of them.  He tried to concentrate.
“You always were an unconventional one.  And you are?” John tried not to flinch as attention turned to him.
“John,” Greg said in his ‘I am now going to tell you just how stupid you are’ voice.  Unnervingly Sherlock also had a similar voice but he used it with everyone.
It was about three weeks since Book Gate.  Things were quiet as the weather got colder and people retreated indoors.  Sherlock preferred this weather as he could wear his beloved coat and other students generally left them alone.  The only reason to be upset would be that John wore more layers so Sherlock couldn’t pretend to not stare at his arms.  John did not like this weather and made sure to let everyone know about it every six minutes on the dot.  Sherlock had timed him.
They both sprang apart.  Around the corner of the corridor they heard yelling and Sherlock simply said “cleaning trolley” as an explanation.  They both waited, poised, as if a dangerous criminal was just going to waltz round the corner, but nothing happened.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock snapped back.  This would have been perfect if his voice wasn’t a pitch too high, meaning he only elicited an eyebrow raise.  Luckily John seemed happy to chalk it up to his reluctance to be there in the first place and let it slide.
“I will once again remind you that I am a low-level Council employee who may use resources with the utmost discretion.  It does not grant me the ability to be omnipotent,” he said, picking imaginary lint off his jacket.
“I know Lock.  I know,” John breathed, the endearment falling from his lips easily.  His hands lifted to mirror Sherlock’s, running across his cheeks and petting his hair.  It was a check as much as a comfort, confirming their presence to each other.  He kept up a refrain of “I know” and “It’s alright”, his voice shaky but calm.  Sherlock couldn’t work out why he was making shushing noises until he felt a whimper rise up in his own throat.  He clung on to John, his entire body shaking uncontrollably.  The only thing keeping him upright was John’s arms, an anchor in the storm of his own emotions.  He couldn’t say how long they stood there.  It could have been seconds, or minutes, or day, or months.  All he knew was that eventually his breathing levelled out and he could finally take in the solid weight of John against him in a way that didn’t make him want to sob violently.  It was this awareness that led him to realise he had partially collapsed into John which, although comforting, also meant he was clinging on very tightly.
“It’s fine.  I can still work,” John said tersely.  He wasn’t incapable just because his shoulder seized up sometimes.  All they were doing was staring out a bloody window.  The shared body heat in the car would help.  Hopefully.
John swung round instinctively at the sound of his name so Victor couldn’t see his expression as he stared at the child-like Sherlock, long coat partially covering the jumper he swore he would never wear and his jeans from yesterday thrown on in a rush, hair rumpled and a face that bore the signs of a mild hangover.
He smiled.  “Never better,” he said, lying down and sprawling across the bed.  John laughed and Sherlock closed his eyes to file away the sound, the nuances of it.  He loved him.  Really, truly loved him.  The weight of the bed shifted, and a hand ran across his chest as John snuggled in.  He twisted to tangle his legs with John’s and grabbed the blanket from the bottom of the bed.
“Political upheaval, international espionage, and the threat of war are generally regarded as important to those not entirely absorbed themselves and predicaments of their own making.”  Sherlock did not bother to dignify that with an answer.  Mycroft carried on.  “I left six months ago, and all was well in the Above.  You can imagine my surprise that within this relatively short time frame, my brother not only managed to become embroiled in a high-level murder case with ties to the Fallen realm, a realm I don’t mind adding, he is forbidden from having
John coughed, screwing up his courage to look at Sherlock again.  He had a project to be getting on with.  “Right.  You ready?”
“Oh there’s no need to sound quite so scandalised,” Sherlock scoffed.  “Your billion-pound business was under threat from a teenager with nothing more than a computer and some dodgy looking friends, of course you needed to neutralise the threat.  That’s why you messed up his flat, to scare him off, easy, efficient, but it wasn’t enough for your dear secretary Matthew.  Matthew, who idolises you to the point that your picture is on his desk, had finally got his bright idea. The idea that would make you
Because he had lived in the Above with John and lived without him.  The biggest puzzle known to the afterlife, tracking several Fallen with hidden identities and no moral compasses, had been presented to him on a silver platter and instead of leaping at the chance, all he wanted to do was leave and find John.
When he’d informed Mrs Hudson of this as he left for a class in the second week, she muttered something about ‘clutching at straws.’  She clearly did not know how imperative core strength was to scaling London architecture.
Sherlock briefly explained about the police station, and John waiting, and John asking him out, and about the kiss on the cheek, and explicitly did not mention the falling-on-the-desk moment because he wanted the scraps of his dignity intact thank you very much.
“Exactly John, you are on top form,” Sherlock said, throwing him his jacket, before about-turning and throwing himself back down the stairs.  John (after checking they’d locked the door and he had his phone) followed suit but this was still too slow for Sherlock who was pacing in front of the door.
“But they can’t have removed everything overnight!  They’re a Council member, not a bloody superhero.”
Sherlock stopped just outside the library building’s doors and turned to see a familiar brunette grinning and jogging towards.
Sherlock considered the amount of effort required to stop this happening and shrugged.  “Don’t tell him about the phone.”
“You are going to be the death of me,” he said, his head dropping dramatically back onto the pillows and Sherlock laughed.  There was a rustling and then Sherlock’s breath was in his ear and his weight was back on him his barely contained arousal began to spiral again.  John moved his hips lazily in time with Sherlock’s thrusts and their combined precome meant the friction only verged on painful.  He was babbling a mixture of “yes” and “like that” and “so beautiful” as Sherlock’s breathing became more and more erratic, their thrusts quickening.  John twined his hands around the bedpost for more leverage and Sherlock hissed slightly as the new angle dragged in a different way.
Sherlock knew he wasn’t going to last long with the dual sensations scattering coherent thought and spiking his arousal even higher.  His hips shifted and rolled and there was the tightening of his stomach and breath was growing erratic and-
“You are an enigma John Watson,” he declared, which stunned John momentarily.  It was difficult to see if this was intended as a compliment, and if it was, it was certainly one of the oddest he’d received.  He found himself fairly straightforward.
Hello! Sorry about the delay on this chapter.  Last week got a little crazy and so here's an extra long chapter to say sorry about that (plus actual case work!).  On the other hand, it was my birthday last Friday so I'm finally 18 which in England means it's time to party :P
He slumped forward, careful not to collapse onto Sherlock or the mess currently decorating Sherlock's belly.  He crashed next to Sherlock instead and hazily came down from his orgasm.  This was not helped by the sight of Sherlock running his fingers over his stomach and then bringing them up to his lips, his tongue flicking out.  John groaned at the sight and buried his face in a pillow.  Sherlock was going to kill him, right then and there.  The man in question reached over the side of the bed and swiped at himself, grabbed the blanket that had somehow ended up on the floor.  He covered both of them and then snuggled down next to John, who simply watched from his face-down position.
“Yeah, everything’s fine.  Just realised I knew both of you and never actually introduced you.  This is John, John this is Sherlock.  Hey John did you have something you needed to ask Sherlock about?”
“So yesterday-” he started, while looking at the rust developing on the appliance.  That wasn’t good.  It was inside, how the hell had it rusted
Of course this sparked the most enthusiastic investigation the Yard had seen for many years: discovering Sherlock Holmes’ second gender.
be broken down.  As fun as it would be to play hero, he didn’t want to do so by throwing his back out.
said goodbye.  Mike started shouting out helpful advice such as “Have fun on your not-a-date” and “I think he likes bees, you should work with that” and the ever-wise “Use protection”.  It was not the first time John questioned his choice in friends.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was hesitant.  Sherlock presumed most people would be if they’d just heard a thud and nothing else.
If he ever made it through this house.  Had he taken over the entirety of East Kensington?  He knew Mycroft shared his disdain for other people but this was taking the piss.  When he had found and successfully navigated the stairs without falling down them, there was another corridor to trudge down to where he presumed the kitchen was, based on the tread pattern and normal layout of this style of accommodation.  As he rounded the corner, he called out, “Is this house compensation for something brother m-”
He was brought back from his nostalgia by 3 things: 1) the racquet emitting from the radio which the DJ had the audacity to call a song, 2) the fact that, instead of a garden, his new kitchen window overlooked the dirty alleyway behind the building and 3) he had just put his hand in
“The F.A.  It’s the end of the soul, the bits that are left.  It’s from the Latin, finem animae,” John said, remembering for a fleeting second the words in the Healer manual.  Strange what the mind keeps hold of.  “Obliterating a soul literally means obliterating it, flying it into fragments. Once that happens, they turn into a tar like substance as they basically cease to exist.  Someone must have noticed something?” John asked, turning to Lestrade.  Obliterations took a lot of energy and were exceedingly violent things.  It was impossible no one had been around to witness this.
Sherlock was uncertain what he was speaking of at first but following Raz’s gaze it soon became obvious.
Sherlock arms remained curled round John’s hips as John gently pulled his head down to kiss his forehead, relaxing the grip he had on Sherlock’s hair to cradle his face. In sharp contrast to the fierceness of earlier, these kisses were feather light caresses, sweeping over his brow, down to his cheekbones, over his jaw, and then skimming over his nose back up to his forehead. Down, Over, Up, Repeat.  Down, Over, Up.  Down.  Over.  Up.  Sherlock felt his body unwind with each repetition, but he soon got restless. He shifted slightly and tilted his head to capture John’s mouth but John moved out the way.
Sherlock pretended not to hear and kept adjusting the microscope.  He should tell Lestrade.  It would make sense to tell him.  It might be necessary for the investigation to know a part of someone’s soul was missing and had been taken by a Fallen, even if that Fallen seemed very enthusiastic about solving the crime.
Sherlock who looked like he should be walking on a catwalk in Milan or Paris rather than standing in a crowded, chaotic flat.  Sherlock who was dressed in a flannel button down that looked tailored to fit his shape, accentuating a surprising amount of muscle in his arms and coasting his slim waist.  Sherlock with his curls and fringe artfully ruffled into a controlled purposefully-dishevelled style.  Sherlock who was wearing the tightest black jeans known to all humanity that could have been made especially because the universe hated John and wanted him to know exactly how shapely Sherlock's delicious arse could be.  Sherlock who was looking at them right now.  Sherlock who was headed over to them.
No map was helpful here and what the figure had gained in surprise, he lost in his lack of geography.  Sherlock lead point, with John barrelling after him, barely avoiding slamming into Sherlock’s back as they took a few quick corners, trying to cut the other off.
By the time he remembered he was supposed to be quizzing Mrs Hudson on the fact his personal life was apparently gossip worthy, she had already disappeared back downstairs.  He briefly considered following her but decided it wasn’t worth the bother.
Now just to plant a seed of self-doubt.  John felt his palms sweating as he concentrated, felt the magic shake as it kept a tenuous hold.
“I’m not jealous!  I’ve never even met him.  For all I know, he could be one of Sherlock’s experiments in human nature.”  Apart from he wasn’t, John was sure of that, but Greg didn’t know that and the less he appeared jealous the better.  Because he wasn’t.  Not really.  Just a little bit.
Eventually, he plumped for a sleek black thing, that didn’t look like it would buckle under the rigour of chemical burns and wouldn’t be an eye sore.  As he was wandering around, looking for an exit to the kitchen section which seemed to have expanded to the size of a galaxy, with signs that contradicted themselves tying him up in knots, he noticed a mug with an anatomical bee on it, labelled in old-time handwriting.  He didn’t think too much about it as he snagged one for Sherlock.  After all, it would be good for him to have at least one mug that hadn’t been used as a chemical mixing pot, and something about the idea of it sitting next to his own mug, detailed with the war-healer emblem, made him smile.
) and nervously carried on while questioning his own sanity.  The boy noticed Sherlock’s respectful gaze and grinned, before retrieving a battered looking notebook, scribbled something and turned it to Sherlock.
“Sort of.  He’s married to my cousin who lives near to us so I see him all the time.  He’s not too bad once you know him well enough but up until that point he’s kind of a dick.”
He sighed, despite the fact it made his ribs hurt.  He then tried to roll over and managed to get onto his right side.  It then took a moment to quell the overwhelming urge to either black out or throw up.  Or both.  His eyelids weighed about 60 pounds each, but he managed to claw them open a little.  Even then the weak sunlight was offensive.  More offensive was the sight of his brother, sat primly in his customary three-piece suit, a polite smile on his face.  He even had a leg crossed over the other.  In Mycroft language that was practically lounging.
"Look, I know you're not too good with the emotional side of things but even you can see it'd be a bit awkward, you knowing my feelings but not returning them. And don't bother with that deleting it bullshit, I know it's all stuck in there somewhere." Of course he was going to be difficult about this, precisely when John simply wanted to run and hide like a wounded, scared animal.
“I-” Sherlock started boldly before panicking.  He aimed the rest of his speech at John’s chest.  “I just wanted to spend time with you.”  That was not what he wanted to say.  This was not seducing, this was...vulnerability.  It made him want to wriggle out of John’s arms and run.  He could feel a hand move to cup his face.
So, bearing that in mind, I want to say a huge, massive thank you to everyone that's read along, especially you guys who have commented (looking directly at you Purrfectlmt).  Without them as encouragement, it would have taken me waaaay longer to finish this (and considering how long it took me to write this in the first place, I don't think any of us would have been able to cope with that).  There's a question for you at the end about a possible epilogue which is the final thing I will ask of you.
“Tomorrow night would be perfect.  I actually know a place that would be good.  The owner actually owes me a favour.”  Taking John to Angelo’s would ensure he would not stop hearing about this for approximately 80 years from the excited Italian man but his restaurant was suitably atmospheric and had a menu he would actually eat from.
“Your date,” Mrs Hudson said absent-mindedly, peering at the papers on the desk table, judging if she could safely move them.
, but all that meant he could damn well listen to music as loud as he liked thank you very much and Sherlock had no right to tell him otherwise.
So, because actions always spoke louder than words, John stood up, stepped forward, and kissed him lightly on the lips.  He kissed him slow and soft and slightly scared.  Sherlock froze up and John thought of backing off and apologising but then Sherlock was leaning into him and they were kissing and John couldn’t help but smile.  He brought his hands up to cradle Sherlock’s face as he felt Sherlock’s hands land on his waist.  He backed away slightly, just enough to say “That answers that question don’t you think?”
Sherlock was silent for a while and John was about to give up when he deigned to answer.  “They’ll be DNA in the car.”
Sherlock stood shocked.  That was a ridiculous assumption, a complete misreading of the facts, totally and utterly incorrect and worst of all
“Sensible.  But, more importantly, I would rather be trapped down here with you than spend eternity up there without you.”
(It was at this point Molly wished she could start filming this to send to Greg, Mrs Hudson, Mycroft, the entirety of the British population...  Sherlock on the other hand wished to hit his head against the wall until he passed out because then he wouldn’t open his mouth again, as conversation was clearly beyond him.)
amount of time thinking about attractive ex-army doctors in shorts.  He especially did not need to spend any amount of time thinking about attractive ex-army doctors in shorts and
“Completely,” Sherlock said with some pride.  It had taken less time than he thought to return the kitchen to its previous state of distress.  Mrs Hudson was going to be livid.
First one out the gate.  He wanted to be happy.  After all, it was statistically possible.  Improbable but he should take a win at this moment in time.  And yet...
By the time he bumped into the fourth person he had decided he would be rude as any person in the real London would be and just ignore it.  They should be looking where they were going.
“Excellent.  Now seriously, get off the phone and get going to the restaurant where there’s a cute fitness instructor waiting for you.”
“The fact you hate working with the Guards.”  He almost laughed.  “Come on Sherlock.  Cut us some slack, I’m really trying to help you here.”
“It’s about him isn’t it?”  Greg’s voice was carefully neutral but John could still hear the anger buried underneath.
“It’s a film.  She’s got a bag that- and you’re not listening.”  He wondered what Sherlock was obsessing over.  It was like watching a bloodhound sniff out a scent, once they locked on it was difficult, yet not impossible to distract them away from it.  It was also perhaps a way to maximise the drama, plotting moves to truly put on a magic show that was finding evidence.  This was demonstrated by the calm way Sherlock darted his hand under the seat and produced a feather with a flourish.
“Aha,” Sherlock said triumphantly, grinning proudly, as John’s hands were freed.  As soon as Sherlock appeared at his front again, the hands went immediately to Sherlock’s face, making sure that there was no obvious scarring, no bleeding, that his eyes were focused properly and he hadn’t sustained a concussion from the fall. Sherlock relaxed under his hands, leaning in to the gentle but insistent touch.
It looked as volatile as it had the last time.  Sherlock felt slightly nauseous looking at it, torn between a feeling on falling and a wild animal desire to run.
“Thought of me when?” John asked distractedly, as most of his attention was on alternating between kissing and biting his way up and down Sherlock’s neck.
.  This seemed to mollify whatever was bothering Sherlock and he did the small, not-smiling thing.  He hunkered down a little more, tucking John tighter to his side, resting his head ever-so-gently on the top of John’s.
“So long as you’re happy John, that’s all that we care about.  Ah, here he is, I’ll just pass you over.”
Sherlock looked at him out the corner of his eye.  “Wouldn’t blame you if you did.  It’s a logical conclusion to draw.”  Sherlock admitting that someone other than him could reach the logical conclusion about something.  Well, there always has to be a first time for everything.
It couldn’t be defined as “bad” or “good” because that would assume there was a reference point to begin with, some universal concept, out of which to create a sliding scale.  Nothing compared to living with him though.
.  There was also a pressure running down from his head to the small of his back.  It sometimes paused to stroke his hair.  This was more difficult than Sherlock let on.
“John.”  Strange, how a name so normal could suddenly feel so different.  His eyes kept flickering over to the scene before him, eventually landing on a brick precariously balanced over rubble.  “And a Fallen, named Moriarty.”  He spat out the name.
John’s voice had come from down the hall, from Sherlock’s room. Why he’d moved in there from the neutral zone of the sitting room was a mystery.
He sprinted across campus and launched himself through several doors before throwing himself down in his seat with only a minute to spare.  Mike gave him a Look.
He stayed in the shadows until he was sure the emergency services were called and went to wait around the corner to see everything was cleaned up.  Then he went home with a buzzing feeling in his veins, making his teeth chatter and breath quicken and heart pound and hands still.  He simply carried his cane, his leg not bothering him for the first time in months.
Just as John allowed the thinned magic to slip through his fingers he caught the tail-end of Sherlock’s disbelief.  Outwardly Sherlock merely raised an eyebrow.
“And get so bored I jumped out of that window after you as well,” John finished.  “No, I need excitement I think.  I need adventure.”
John laughed.  “Lucky guess,” he responded flippantly.  Still deep in thought, Sherlock hummed but willing to let the point slide for now.  John didn’t feel like telling him that he’d noticed the apiology books lining the bookcase in the living room or the various honeys in the back of the cupboard.  Somehow, despite being perfectly reasonable things to notice about someone you lived with, to say them would expose something he was not ready to show to anyone else, never mind the subject of the feelings.
The fairytale couldn’t last forever after all and reality thundered back in.  All that was needed was a lightning bolt to enlighten him to the truth and now his world, so bright recently, had taken on a shade of grey.
Wait, what if John already had a partner?  Because who in their right mind wouldn’t want to go out with him?  He was gorgeous and lovely and kind and had nice eyes and oh god what had John done to him?
You see, although he’d avoided detection himself, the Victoria Vigilante had gained some traction in the media.  He was by no means front page news anymore but every so often someone would credit him with a rescue (most people embellished the story a bit;
John giggled, and Sherlock couldn’t help himself.  He really couldn’t.  No one had the right to be that adorable when laughing, it just shouldn’t be allowed.  He gave in to impulse and leaned in to kiss him.  Briefly, sweetly, just to capture the laugh, to keep it safe.  Sherlock wasn’t going to lie, John tasted mainly of carbonara pasta at this point and so he did the only thing possible to get more data which was to kiss and lick away the pasta taste until he could taste John underneath.  When his mind caught up with what he was doing, how John might feel uncomfortable by them snogging in front of a bunch of strangers in a restaurant, he went to pull back only to find he was held in place by a hand cupping the back of his head and John was reciprocating, slowly swiping his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth with a bit more finesse than Sherlock had shown.  Sherlock wondered if it was possible to really melt into a puddle, his entire body going slack at the sensation apart from his heart which was clearly attempting to beat all the way out of his chest and into John’s.
Mycroft was stood in the doorway, with a face that was part-way between a smile and sucking a lemon.  “As pleased as I am that you are... re-acquainted, shall we say, I do require your attention.”
“You hold yourself as military, even when relaxed and that rugby tackle was a mixture of army training and actual skill, you must have learnt somewhere.  Your manner, the way you instruct says Captain but you’re not old enough for any higher rank and you wouldn’t be away from the action anyway.  Tattoo on your arm is RAMC and you have the bullet wound in your shoulder, so they weren't exactly difficult.  The limp was a shot in the dark but a good one, you sometimes favour your right leg, I don’t even think you’re aware of it, as you otherwise rest on it fine, so it’s as if you’re expecting a pain that isn’t there.  Your phone is on the table and came up with Harry a few moments ago but you didn’t notice.  He started the message with the words ‘bro’ and as you aren’t twelve or American it suggests an actual sibling.  One you’re not close to though as they would know you don’t actually like being called ‘bro’ at all so brother you are not close to, older if I had to guess and I never guess.”  He was actually out of breath when he’d finished.  John’s expression hadn’t changed, and Sherlock swallowed nervously.  Was there a way to back-track out of this?
“What do you mean you’re moving in with him?” Greg asked suspiciously, leaning back in his office chair as if to look John up and down, figuring out if he had finally gone mad.
He attempted to say “Fuck off Mycroft.”  What actually came out was a “urghhhh” noise.  His throat was clearly now a scratching-post for kittens.
Lestrade considered this and nodded.  “Good call.  So we good?” he said, tilting his head towards Molly.  Sherlock nodded.  “Great!  So Molly, can you run this?  We need to see who it belongs to.  Not to overstate things but the fate of the Earth may rest on it.”
He opened his mouth to reply.  No words came out though.  How to explain that things were worse than he’d imagined, entrenched and twisted and possibly bigger than he could fix?  Because this meant that there wasn’t a
John couldn't work out if he had chosen the seat purposefully or if the gods just loved him.  The sunlight lit him beautifully, making him glow like the angelic creature he was.  Dark curls haloed around his face with a fringe swooping over his forehead, stopping just short of falling in his eyes.  A look of concentration focused his features, sharp verdigris eyes narrowed at the laptop in front of him.  John was so focused on staring at the full, pouty lips, imagining them on his own, licking them,
John sighed and turned back to the suspect.  He was sitting weirdly.  Normally people sat in the chair in one of three ways:
He’d even hesitated to tell Molly where he was going.  Perhaps she was part of it, or whoever was posing as her anyway.  Sure, she had given him the information but that could be part of the plan.  The text message had to have been coordinated by someone and it had been so carefully timed.  Molly would not be a bad choice of victim either, in a position which gave her access to everyone flooding into the afterlife.  He chose to simply stand and say “I need to leave,” running out before any questions were asked.  Now he was here, at the end of his own bloody road, paralyzed.
He floundered for a minute.  “I guess you could say it’s kind of personal?  The topic is the human form.”  Sherlock raised his eyebrow but didn’t say anything.  “No, stay with me.  It’s nothing weird I promise.  I’d just need one photo and we’d set it up to be this perfect monochrome photo, really classic, and then I’ll do some editing to highlight the different colour tones in the photo?  Of course I need a good model and I thought of you.”  If John could have kicked himself under the table he would have because he really needed to shut up before he outright told Sherlock he was gorgeous.
“Now, do you have a hairpin?”  Sherlock asked him, over pronouncing his words.  He sounded like a magician asking the audience for assistance.
Sherlock nodded in agreement.  However, he already had his answer.  He’d had his answer since the moment the issue was presented to him.
“John?”  Oh yeah, Kate.  John had completely forgotten that he was only supposed to be getting a drink and returning to a conversation.  Kate looked concerned.  “You leaving?”
“We just need a little bit more,” Moriarty said.  He flicked his wrist and the platform in between Sherlock and John disappeared into a swirling mass, the same shade of purple at the bonds that kept both of them from throttling Moriarty where he stood.
“Hello handsome.”  The voice startled him out of his own thoughts.  He didn’t know whether to be shocked or flattered until he looked up and realised that the man was talking to the dog.  Once again, he was
“Well I still have a lovely group of increasingly stressed out mothers to teach box-fit to at 11am on Saturday.”
“So tell me everything!  Neither of you had come out when I was finished with my statement and I came straight home.”
in the Council, not a lone wolf out to undermine the system, but the entire Council was compromised.
Sherlock turned to look at him and John suddenly forgot all the words in the English language.  “Hey Sherlock, I’m sorry I ran into you this morning,” John said with a small wave.  He didn’t know why he waved.  No one did.  Everyone ignored it.
Sherlock walked two doors down and then turned on him.  “This is a pointless exercise and you know it.”
, the voice in his head replied snarkily and not for the first time John wished he could turn it off like a radio because
“Um yes, yes I did, I.”  Sherlock's throat was closing up, his palms becoming sweaty, his heart pounding in his chest.  The words were stuck, his body rejecting saying them, violently trying to keep the vulnerability at bay.
annoying when you’re trying to plan a take-over.  So I sent him to you to keep him out the way.  You do have a ridiculous penchant for the hopeless cases.  But he’s run his purpose now.”
“There’s a Basildon’s Furniture Warehouse and a weird tower thing and Stevenson’s Mechanics,” Sherlock chimed in.
But in the ways that truly mattered it was still the same.  The smiley face on the wall still beamed at him from the wall. Their chairs were still stationed by the fire. His old friend was still perched on the fireplace.  It felt like stepping back into a memory. He’d often frequented 221B, however indirectly, in his Mind Palace but it paled next to the real thing.
“This is important I promise,” Sherlock said, his voice quickening with excitement.  Molly looked like she was about to interrupt, probably having heard many things were ‘important’ but Sherlock kept going. “No, seriously important.  I’m working with the Guards,” he said, gesturing to John, who waved for lack of anything else to do.  “There’s been a murder Molly, a real one, and not on a battlefield or on earth, but here, now and I’m going to find the killer.”
“Yeah, yeah, sure,” John said, fiddling unnecessarily with the door lock and practically falling into his room.  “See you,” he said as the door swung shut behind him.
Oh.  Not where he thought the conversation was going.  Spies sounded familiar.  In fact, didn’t John say he liked spies last week, liked the drama of them? (Any idea of how they’d got onto that topic escaped Sherlock- weekend plans maybe?  A film marathon?).  But wait did that mean-
Without a word Sherlock walked towards the lifts and John wondered if he’d heard what he’d told the elder Holmes.
Sherlock sighed and leaned back.  “Fine.  Was worth a shot.  We’ll just get your henchmen to talk instead, they don’t seem that intelligent, should tell us everything that could incriminate you.”
3) You may have noticed the chapter count has gone up- I was writing what I thought was the final chapter and it kept going...and going...and going so I decided to upload the part I had written rather than slamming you with a huge chapter sometime next week and making everyone wait for ages.
"You know when we met, when I was sat at your table?" Sherlock was muffled as he talked into John's shoulder.  John nodded.  "Irene technically did send me but not just because she wanted me to make friends."
It was this thought which made Sherlock laugh, difficult when one was kissing another person.  John leaned back, frowning.
Fallen, simply blinked a few times.  John was beginning to worry that perhaps there was something wrong, maybe something had happened when he was out of view, when Sherlock replied.
“Pray do tell how.  You say it like a disgraced secretary is a going to be a ground-breaking revelation.”
He doesn’t notice John leaving or coming back and cleaning them both up, doesn’t realise until there’s a tug at the arm covering his face. He lets his arm be moved, too weak to do anything else.
John waited awkwardly listening to the indistinct voices on the other end of the line and decided to go sit in his chair rather than leaning against the countertop.
him, as much as he adores you.  He’d take away the threat altogether.  Luckily for him he failed but that does rather leave you in a compromising situation.”
It was strangely calm.  Cars still rolled down the street, a scattering of people meandered on the pavements.  What was he expecting?  Walls crumbling, children screaming, people fleeing the scene?  But no.  Even the sun was shining, albeit it weakly through the clouds.  He scowled at its feeble attempts.
Deep lines in a pointed face, watery eyes, sandwiched between two children’s faces; a birthday or similar John would guess.  A profile picture from his previous life?  There was no signal of recognition.  John shook his head.
, he lied to himself.  He didn’t enjoy the class, he didn’t enjoy the stupid music and he definitely didn’t enjoy being under the steady, calm instruction of an ex-army captain who looked
“They may have seen you.  Could burn the system,” Sherlock said, lost in thought.  John’s thoughts came crashing down.  Fuck but that would mean-
As he had nothing but time, it was difficult not to get stuck in a rut of thought patterns, repeating yesterday like a mantra until it became the only thing he could see, only thing he could think of, only thing that seemed real.  This is perhaps why he bumped into three different people, each time shaking the images from his mind and vowing to ignore it.  He had practice at ignoring things.  Usually, he was excellent at it.  Today seemed to be an exception.
This didn’t stop people from trying however.  Some employed the use of the police’s extensive record collection but to no avail.  All records of Sherlock had either disappeared or were heavily censored so that not even hacking Lestrade’s account could help.
Sherlock looked up to glare at him.  John wasn’t sure what he was trying to achieve but he glared back because, although he was willing to admit the Fallen intrigued him, he wasn’t willing to be dragged into this odd conspiracy.  Staring gave an opportunity to look at Sherlock properly.  He had nice eyes.  Although they were clearly trying to make John disappear, they were still nice.  An undefinable colour.  Ice blue blending into green-hazel.  Piercing.  Eyes you can see patterns in.  That was an odd thought.
“Don’t worry, I let the landlady know we were coming,” he said, rifling for something in his pocket.
Victor scowled at both of them for a minute but then launched himself out the taxi all the same, muttering angrilyas he went.  Sherlock gave the driver another address and then settled back in his seat.
‘suitable’.  Sherlock, of course, liked him almost immediately.  They had met relatively normally, in a Chemistry lecture.  Sherlock had purposefully settled himself away from other people, in the top right of the lecture hall, closest to one of the doors
“You sure you haven’t misplaced the folder?” Lestrade checked.  Mallory looked wounded.  He may be many things but sloppy was not one of them.
).  Jasmine quickly shepherded them through the door into a tiny hallway, leading into a communal living room where most of the crowd were gathered.  Someone had put on some music but most people were either seated on the sofas and floor or stood, all chatting and laughing.  There was a table in the far corner that was plied with drinks and John was suddenly very thankful he remembered to bring some beer with him, even though Sherlock made no mention of taking anything (
Everyone jumped and turned.  Stood in the doorway was a young man in black tracksuit bottoms and matching zipped hoodie, spiky brown hair and a wild look in his eyes.
John slammed his book shut, looking round in panic.  When his eyes locked with Sherlock’s he relaxed marginally and smiled, but the odd panic still pinched at the corner of his eyes.  His arm remained over his book.  Sherlock walked around the bench and sat in his usual spot, pretending everything was normal.  It was still normal.  It was fine.
He ruffled his feathers and drew up to his full height.  “Well.  To move on, we need to solve the case.”
“John-” Sherlock warned.  (What he didn’t realise was that this was the same voice everyone had used on him at least once and so couldn’t relish the idea of being on the opposite end of this conversation.)
He wasn’t sure what he’d done wrong.  Normally he could pinpoint it to a particular comment or social interaction but this time he was mystified.  Sherlock Holmes did not like not knowing.  However, before he went banging down John’s door, Victor had cautioned him.
do what you think is right.  Not necessarily what’s nicest or most appropriate, but you do what you think is for the best and I love you for it.  And you might not believe me right now.  But I’ll believe for the both of us.”
While Lestrade contemplated the next few hours and whether or not they would be the straw to break the camel’s back, the camel in this case being John and Sherlock’s obvious interest in one another, the two in question were attempting to “look casual”.
“While you two are arguing over your stupid bet, let me through.  Obviously neither of you are going to be of any help.  Come on John.”
,” Sherlock said, running his hand from jaw up to the base of his skull, tangling up in the hair at the nape of his neck.  He rested his forehead gently on John’s.
Whatever it was, when he looked down the far side of the road, and saw a sign pointing towards a tube stop, he sensed...
However much he wanted to keep pondering the question, John couldn’t sit around musing for too long though, as he had a task to complete.
“Yes, because repeating the name really does help me remember this thing I’ve never heard of before.”
Sherlock collapsed back onto the bed, breathing harshly, limbs spread out.  John rose up onto his knees and was painfully aware of his own erection pressing into his stomach.  He licked a stripe over his hand and took hold of himself, balanced above Sherlock.  His pace was fast and he added a twist at the head that had his breath stuttering.  Sherlock's eyes fluttered open and landed on John.  The added of intensity of Sherlock's gaze pushed him over the edge and he came with Sherlock's name spilling out of his lips.
“I really have no idea why I love you,” Sherlock sighed after he’d asked the cab to return them to Baker Street.
He turned to the entrance of Speedy’s café and some of the tension in shoulders relaxed slightly as he spotted Mrs Hudson propped against the doorframe.  She looked mournfully at her front door.
He carefully set the coffees down by his feet.  He rang Sherlock.  Sherlock, hating phone calls, did not answer.
Instead of replying Sherlock leant in for a chaste kiss.  John tried to follow him as he pulled away but Sherlock kept only their foreheads in contact so he could add “I missed you too, you romantic idiot.”
John’s eyes flicked up guiltily to see a judgemental eyebrow bring raised at him.  “I’m listening!” he protested.
He wasn’t alright because he’d just solved part of the case and he needed to tell John.  He wasn’t alright because he knew John was definitely in danger, he knew that from the beginning and now he’d worked out where the danger was coming from, the highest source danger could be coming from.  A danger he couldn’t fight alone.
John nodded.  Clearly he was still half-asleep.  He still hesitated though, a fear of Sherlock being captured on his own running through him.
It was Sherlock who broke the silence this time.  “You and John are close.”  It started as a statement but ended as a question.  Intriguing.  It wasn’t like Sherlock to sound uncertain.
"Hand on my heart, it was not me," John said, actually putting his heart to his chest.  "Mainly because I was on the losing side and was happy the bastard fell."  Sherlock giggled and John desperately wanted to hear that again.
“You keep going,” Sherlock said, and without further explanation he booked it right.  John, dutifully, kept forward.  The tracksuit honed into view and John put on a burst of speed.  A tiny voice in his head hoped that this was the right person otherwise things were about to go horrendously south.  The other, much larger part of his mind was focussed on one thing.
.  One moment a hand running under his shirt, another stroking up his side.  One seemed permanently lodged in his hair, guiding his head as John wanted and Sherlock surrendered (not that he’d put up any fight in the first place).  But then, both hands were running down his back and to his arse.  However, as well as groping slightly, John kept going to the top of his thighs and then lifted.  Sherlock, on instinct, wrapped his legs around John’s waist so only John and the wall were keeping him elevated.
“Look, so far, these have only popped up where crimes have already happened right?  They keep close enough to the tube lines for an easy escape route, part of your network thing yeah?  So maybe we should head back and check what’s been happening round here today.”
John wanted to follow him, to ask him more questions, to see where he went, to know him.  He couldn’t do that though because he was still on work hours, and he had four taggers to deal with.  Reluctantly he grabbed his phone out of his pocket.
although that could be him over-thinking things.  Whether he was imagining it or not, John’s heart felt like it was doing a strange squeezing motion, but Sherlock carried on.  “When I returned, because of my
“Yeah.  It is linked to your Powers in some way, right?  I worked it out.”  The worst thing was he was genuinely proud of having pieced together the key to Sherlock’s knowledge.  He’d shown he was powerful with the display at their first meeting and it made sense, this quirk being related to the myriad of ways an angel could enhance themselves.
So, without thinking too much about it, he thought about Sherlock, thought about their near-kiss, what it would be like to kiss those soft, full lips, and allowed the energy to creep up his toes to his knees, his hands to his forearm.  Knees that had knocked together, a forearm which Sherlock had caressed.  The feel of his hands on him, the fabric of his clothing the only barrier.  Now sparking with gorgeous, heady energy, expanding over him.  They would be soft kisses at first, so gentle, fragile, but building, growing bolder.  He could imagine pushing him up against a wall, licking into his mouth.  All so strangely human, so grounded.  Running hands through his hair, curls slipping through his fingers, like their fingers earlier.  Moving one hand down to stroke through his wings, Sherlock’s strong hands on him, Sherlock moaning, all his senses narrowed down to this glorious focus point, their energies meshing together, pulsing with light, and he was drowning in it, drowning, and
Molly started pacing.  “And your plan is to go to Earth and either rescue John or confront this Moriarty guy?”
“Err, yes!  Yes, fine.  Good.  You… good,” he said, gesturing to John pining the target.  John frowned in concern, so Sherlock continued.  “Where’s…” he floundered for a minute before John realised who he was talking about.
John resisted the urge to sigh.  “I’d forgotten about your lack of culture.  It’s a kids book.  About a multi-coloured elephant.”
about Mallory and his enthusiasm.  “Once again, don’t need to call me sir.  Okay, so victim is Barry Faber, only been here 10 years, no priors, lives a few streets over on Devonshire Road.  So far nothing’s been flagged up in relation to him.”  He passed the tablet over to Sherlock who scrolled through before stilling completely, wings high, as if suspended in flight.
“Found another one boss!” said another, holding Sherlock by the scruff of his neck like a naughty puppy.  Sherlock looked distressed at the havoc it was wrecking on his suit.  Then his focus honed on the man stood between them and his eyes lit up.  Of course now he has a fucking deduction to make.
He was hung-over, sleep deprived, had a million other things to be doing but no, he was awake at 9-bloody-am, wandering around Regent’s-bloody-Park looking for a runaway- bloody- boyfriend.
If you think we need two.  I hope I haven’t scared you off that easily.”  He stepped forward, unhurried, sure he had Sherlock’s full attention.  He released his hand from Sherlock’s grasp and ran them up his chest, pushing the heavy coat off in one go.  It hit the floor with a thud.  Sherlock shuddered, leaning in to the touch as John’s hands trailed up over his shoulders and stroked up his neck.
“Yeah, that makes sense,” John said smiling but for why Sherlock couldn’t work out.  When Angelo took their coats and showed them to the window table (“Out of the way, I’ll bring a candle, romantic no?”), John placed his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back.  It felt like electricity was emanating from the spot, sparking up and down his spine and he was reluctant to move away to sit down.  As a compromise he happened to make sure their legs were touching lightly and smiled slightly as John pressed back.  Angelo went to fetch wine and then finally left them to it, promising to bring out Sherlock’s favourite carbonara for them.  It was not the best date food, but it was delicious, and Sherlock had been craving it recently.  There was the slight issue of what to do with his hands.  Clasped together seemed to be working to make sure John didn’t realise he was shaking slightly but under or over the table?  Under seemed weird but on the table made his shoulders feel strange.  John saved him from his own mind once again.
He went for the easiest, yet most troublesome set first.  There was only a limited amount of time before the fake-Council caught wind of the fact they no longer had a captain, and then it would be a race between them and the Guards.  Luckily, all he had to do was retrace his steps.  Lestrade had insisted on coming with him, arguing fairly competently that, as the amount the people they could truly trust was fairly limited, it was in their best interests to keep each other alive for now.  What the Guard was not prepared for was the ferocity with which Sherlock attacked his task.  Using the empty room as a base, he gathered the traitors with a well-placed email threatening retribution from Moriarty if they didn’t respond.  It was upsettingly easy to assemble them, and there was only a minor scuffle towards the end which was disappointing.
“And did it not cross your mind that there could be another reason why I was not in bed?  Taking a shower, for example?  Making some breakfast for the both of us?”  John could swear he saw the exact moment when Sherlock’s brain cleared and the actual answer emerged.  He grinned as the detective’s cheeks flushed light pink
“Lock-pick.  Keep one in my shoes at all times.  Didn’t know if I could reach it or if it had been conf- confi- confsccc- taken.” Sherlock’s voice was muffled as he worked.
Sherlock Holmes, the Sherlock Holmes,  was curled up against him, head pillowed on John’s chest, one arm curled wrapped loosely around his waist, legs pressed against John’s under the covers. His features were slack with sleep, almost alien in its vulnerability and openness and it was possibly that which cause Johns heart to hammer most.
“Sherlock, your phone’s buzzing.”  Molly had crept closer but her voice was faint, miles away.  He slipped his hand into his pocket and produced his phone.
Sherlock leaned in, so they were impossibly close, his lips nearly brushing John’s ear.  For a wild second John thought he was genuinely going to kiss him until he spoke softly.
Although he was awake and in control of his mind once more, this didn’t seem to make any difference to the arousal coursing through his veins, to the strain of
Lestrade sighed.  “You were out of it for a while and when I knew you weren’t going to hyperventilate, I started thinking- don’t.”  He cut off Sherlock’s snide remark before he could even form one.  “John always seems to trust you and your deductions, and you’ve not led us wrong yet, even if it does get you locked in a warehouse basement.  Plus, I’m not on shift today and I’ve got nothing better to do, so why not entertain a spot of vigilantism?”
“Oh definitely.  Don’t be offended though, everyone is.”  It occurred to Sherlock that telling someone not to be offended probably meant you said something very offensive and should apologise.  John was still laughing however.
"Ah John," he sounded surprised, as if it was unusual for his flatmate to be in the shared kitchen. "Yes. Breakfast, good, yes."  John felt a ball of worry begin to grow in his chest.
Because of the above, this chapter hasn't been beta read very closely so please feel free to mention any mistakes or errors (as always)
The familiar outline was silhouetted by the window, arms folded, face unreadable in the shadows. Suddenly Sherlock’s limbs seemed too much for him and he couldn’t work out how he should hold himself, feeling as gangly as a teenager with a growth spurt. He stared at his shuffling feet, glancing up occasionally at his silent companion. It became abundantly clear that John was willing to wait.
“You always have my full attention,” John said seriously and Sherlock felt his chest tighten.  There was no other way to respond but to kiss him, softly and sweetly, trying to communicate what words suddenly felt inadequate for.  John seemed to understand, pulling him closer so they were pressed against each other.  Sherlock gasped slightly, gripping John’s hips tighter in surprise, and John took the opportunity to swipe his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth.  In retaliation, Sherlock reciprocated by allowing his hands to roam, eventually pushing his hands into the back pockets of John’s jeans to drag him closer.  This was not physically possible but like hell that would stop him from trying.
“I think I might be able to help with that.”  Sherlock raised an eyebrow.  “You need someone to gather a ton of disparate information, outside of their day job, with no tangible reward other than helping us out.”
It was Mrs Hudson’s words which echoed in his ears as he picked up the call from Lestrade the next morning.
.  The symbols might not be markers of crimes that have happened.  What if they were symbols of crimes that were
It’s then he remembered what had happened.  The fact that this was almost an inevitability did temper some of John’s anger as he cast a wary eye around, and sighed loudly.
A few hours later, he was leaning near the bookcase watching Johnson and Bill make absolute asses of themselves trying to flirt, when Sherlock appeared in front of him.  His cheeks were flushed a little and he had a small genuine smile on his face.
“No uncertainty about that?  Because it’s fine to just go back to work.  And please ignore Sherlock scowling at you.”
"You know you're a lot less fun since you've had this crush," Bill groused.  John didn't reply because they'd reached the door and it had just hit him that this was Sherlock's house and he no longer had the safety blanket of the coffee shop to calm him.  He knew where they stood in the coffee shop.  Fun, vaguely flirty if he was feeling brave, no-one else to distract them.
And with that, Sherlock practically shoved them into the road.  It took all of John’s agility to remain upright without causing a scene and he swore profusely as he stumbled.  Sherlock, cat-like, had no such difficulty.
John froze when he saw it, suddenly uncertain about what to do next.  His mind stuck on the fact he was holding coffee and was therefore defenceless.  What if the tagger was close by and saw him?  He couldn’t pass himself off as a graffiti connoisseur.  Sherlock would know, if only he was here.
They were silent on the way out of the building and John’s mind had wondered onto a shower and some breakfast when he was suddenly enveloped in limbs.  He brought up his arms automatically, palms flat on Sherlock’s back.
“Instead of medicine?  Well my shoulder was kind of fucked, for want of a better word, so I couldn’t be a surgeon anymore.  The idea of being a GP made me want to tear my hair out from boredom, but I nearly ended up doing it anyway because it was either find a job or move out of London and I couldn’t do that.  The gym kind of happened by accident.  My doctor suggested some exercise to help with my shoulder and my leg, went to the gym, never looked back.  I had to do some training but after boot-camp it was like a holiday.”  John’s face had closed off when he mentioned surgeon and Sherlock wanted to push, god did he want to push, but he didn’t.  If John didn’t want to mention it, it was a touchy subject and he would find out eventually.  Sherlock was determined to keep John in his life as long as possible and he would know everything.
“Could have been suspicious if he didn’t?” Sherlock paused.  “Or it’s a message...” he added, clearly becoming lost in thought.
“Why do all this” Sherlock gestured around him, “and not leave a message?  Some indication of why they did this?  It’s clearly not a random attack; they don’t appear to have taken anything of value so it’s not a burglary.  Conclusion: Jake knows his attackers so they didn’t need to leave a message.  He already knows what they want but is reluctant to give in.  Therefore he’s running.”
Lestrade made a beeline, holding his hands up when she brandished a scalpel at him without looking up.  “Molly!  We need you to run this for us.”
“N-No sign of him on the other side.  Van parked across the end of the street aaaaand- drives away, gets lost in the traffic through here and disappears.  Dead end.  As expected,” he gave the keyboard a shove and thought about hitting the computer as well.  Fucking useless.
John told himself he shouldn’t laugh.  “I’m going to verify that you know, when we question them.”  The other angel just shrugged and turned once more.
"Sherlock," John’s voice was low and steady and close. Sherlock opened his eyes and startled slightly at John’s sudden proximity. This close his features were finally distinguishable. Sherlock focused in on the subtle shifts, the darkness under his eyes, the slight stubble under his chin before drawing back, to look into his eyes. Not the blue of a perfect ocean but of the real one, the murky blue-green that promised a storm was coming, one in which Sherlock would happily drown.
Lestrade waited until they were out of the station and part way down Baker Street, out of the ear shot of other Guards, before he started talking.
“Well it’s been ages since we’ve been able to meet up and I’ve missed you like crazy so I got Bill to switch shifts with me and decided to come and surprise you.  Be all romantic or whatever,” he added teasingly, cupping Sherlock’s face.
He wasn’t sure how Sherlock managed to cross the room that fast.  It shouldn’t have been humanely possible but a lot of things shouldn’t have been possible about Sherlock Holmes so he didn’t question it.  One moment there was a space and the next there was 6 foot of angry, glowering, towering consulting detective there, looking as if he would happily push the woman out a window.
(Also I can't believe I'm uploading this while I'm supposed to be at work but my supervisor isn't here and there's literally nothing esle going on)
“Slowly then?” John said, turning to smudge a kiss on the knee he was holding.  Sherlock nodded, planting his feet more firmly on the ground.  John started by dragging his hands up his thighs, and then back down.  “Alright then.”  John pushed up to kiss him, teasingly running his tongue over his bottom lip.  When Sherlock had finally relaxed, sinking down into the kiss, he moved back.  He copied his earlier movements, kissing down Sherlock’s chest, but much slower this time, more deliberately, giving Sherlock time to adjust if he wanted.
“John?” said a deep, roughened morning-voice.  John’s face lit up with a beaming smile as a sleepy Sherlock froze on the stairs.
Sherlock was going to kill Angelo.  At least get him framed for murder properly this time.  Both of them sprung apart guiltily, and had either of them looked at the other, they would have noticed matching blushes on their cheeks.  Angelo scurried away, focussing his energy on another couple that had just walked in.  (Later he would text Mrs Hudson when he was hiding in the kitchen who would then spread the good news via group chat).
“People are strange beings John,” Sherlock muttered.  Molly appeared in the doorway with two mugs and handed one to John, sliding the other to the other side of Sherlock’s bench, away from the work.  If this also helped her peek over Sherlock’s shoulder, then that was a happy coincidence.
He was startled from his lovely reprieve by Mike nudging him in the ribs.  “You’ve made it here on time, might as well listen,” he whispered, nodding to the front of the room.  So he dragged himself from his
, alone.  Despite the house being roughly the size of a football pitch, it seemed every time Sherlock moved within two feet of John, one of his brother’s minions would magically appear needing a signature or to clarify a detail or
“History John,” Sherlock said.  “The Council won the battle for the afterlife.  The Fallen have decided to take the fight to the living.”
The fourth moment, Sherlock leaned down and brushed their lips together, trying to say what his words could not express because for some reason it felt imperative John knew exactly that he was
“I could say the same thing,” Sherlock replied smoothly, trying to focus on the knot, rather than using it to pull John in closer.  When he finished he tucked the ends into John’s waistcoat and admired his handiwork.
"Oh yeah.  John Watson, new dog walker," he said shaking Sherlock's hand.  Sherlock hoped his intake of breath was not audible. But also dog walker, sounds permanent meaning-
Sherlock sighed dramatically as if he was tired of being so put upon by other people and spun to look at him directly.  “You cannot remain in that temporary housing block forever.  I need a flatmate to split rent with-”
“Ow!” He glared at the innocent looking dog in front of him.  It was a face that said he had no regrets.
“You should be happy.  We’ve caught you another piece of evidence.”  Sherlock was now smiling viciously, a cat with a bird in its claws.
obvious.  It became a Friday tradition of sorts.  Sometimes he was there, the same pose as the first time.  Sometimes he was typing on his phone furiously before storming off like a sublime hurricane.  Sometimes he was not there at all.  These were the worst days.  These were the days the barista made a special effort to be nice to him ie actually smiling at him.  He couldn’t tell whether he preferred that look or the amused knowing one that was shot his way most of the time.
Suddenly John’s feet were willing to co-operate but only to turn him so he could follow the direction the girl’s where looking towards.  He didn’t hear another bit of their conversation.  He didn’t hear anything in fact.  All he could hear was the pounding of his own heartbeat because there, on one of those stupid, squishy sofas, was Sherlock-
The words took a moment to sink in.  John wanted to date him.  John had been flirting with him.  Flirting with him for weeks in fact.  He looked up and saw amusement and shyness and determination and affection.
Instead of heading upstairs as expected, Sherlock led him down into the depths of the building, the lights flickering on a split second too slow so they were constantly moving into the dark.  The doors in the corridor seemed to lead to another set of lab rooms and Sherlock was about to swing into one when-
“Night,” Sherlock croaked out, swallowing loudly and John took a step back.  Sherlock whirled round and stalked into his room.
When he got to the door, Mrs Hudson ushered him upstairs, gave him his key, showed him the basics and made tea while he moved things up several flights of stairs which was greatly appreciated.  Thankfully things had been marshaled into a more contained chaos and where he couldn’t find a space for things, he ditched the box to be sorted out later.  Throughout all this, there was no sign of the Fallen and John pretended he wasn’t disappointed by this.
Sherlock was about to agree but, upon checking the time, realised he was supposed to be in a meeting with a professor who wasn’t deathly dull.  “Would love to but I have somewhere else I need to be.  Maybe next time?”
He didn’t notice at first as he stuck to main roads but when the crowds became a hindrance rather than a safety he ducked into the side streets.  It was rather difficult to not notice multiple phones practically stalking him down the road with their tones.  Or the fact they stopped as soon as he passed.  It was quite unsubtle. He came to a stop at one of them and glanced up and down the road.  It could be a coincidence.  A really, really weird coincidence.
He punched in the numbers into the phone, and for the first time wished insomnia on someone else, just for the one night that it would be useful to him.
John was at his limit.  He could escape to his job, which was at least a constant source of boring and dull, but that only took up so many hours of the day.  He had to return home at some point, to be greeted by a lump of Consulting Detective on the sofa which refused to speak or move or do anything.  Usually John just left him to it but with the prospect of two days off looming, he knew action would be necessary.  It would involve dragging Sherlock kicking and screaming back into reality and to other cases and to weird experiments at the kitchen table.  It would involve bribery and threats and possible tears on both sides.
Sherlock was glad Lestrade didn’t ask for more explanation.  He was very protective of his network.  It was a sprawling contingent of people interconnected across the Above, the first to pick up on the slightest inconsistency or scent of trouble.  He had spent years building it, weaving the strings together to create an instrument that was perfectly in tune with its environment
Moriarty smirked.  “Oh honey, it’s going to be glorious.  I do a love a stop of chaos,” he said, as if sharing a naughty secret.
He wasn’t alright because despite his nagging, he hadn’t heard from John at all since he’d left the house.
“We should probably leave,” Irene stated.  The others looked at her puzzled.  She rolled her eyes.  “Haven’t seen each other for a while.  Emotional reunion.  They’re
, then that's fine, we don't have to mention it, I,” Sherlock trailed off.  The wooden floor really needed cleaning.  Especially when he melted through it in a state of complete embarrassment.  Mrs Hudson would be so annoyed.
“Ah yes, because they are so different, the grey and pink elephant.  Clearly you have disproved my point.”
When he had been asked about clubbing, John’s mind had filled with visions of sticky floors, cheap shots, and
Up close, John saw Sherlock’s cheeks were vivid red.  Must have been a hell of a run.  The windswept look suited Sherlock, scarf askew, hair wild, eyes bright.  Suited him a lot.  John shuddered to think of what he looked like himself.
“Wait what?  Then what’s Victor doing talking to Jake?” John glanced back at the rapidly disappearing hospital.
Lestrade was already there, standing back from the general chaos happening around the found car and overseeing the collection of evidence.  He was scowling so it seemed like this was not going well.  John questioned the merits of throwing Sherlock into the mix.  Would he find something?  Yes.  Would he get yelled at?  Also yes.  Before he had time to stop him though, Sherlock had launched himself into this melee and shouts could be heard from both sides, the Fallen holding his own against the Guards.
) and left the kitchen in search of John.  Luckily he didn’t have to go far as John was perched on the sofa, jotting down notes from a scarily large textbook (
At the end, he and Mike wandered over to the cafeteria area, along with the general swarm of other students.
“You got out of the shower 10 minutes ago but there were no noises indicating you were getting changed.  Also you were muttering quite loudly and the walls are thin.”  The flat tone suggested Sherlock was on the cusp of his Mind Palace, not quite enveloped yet but not all together tethered in reality.
John expected that at some point he would jump up and begin to run off, bounding across the streets of London to the station.  However, it seemed that Sherlock was content to sit until he gained the ability to burn a whole through the screen that defied him and his crime solving ability which could last a while and John had not planned on spending eternity in the windowless basement of St Bartholemew’s Laboratory and Learning Centre.
First, he had a rather interesting case which meant that on the day they moved in to their new flat, he was six miles away chasing a chinchilla down a residential road and trying to figure out how to explain this to John in a way that didn’t make him look ridiculous.  (John did think it was ridiculous an couldn’t look at him for several days without giggling uncontrollably).
John would readily admit he had been worried.  After agreeing to move in, he had received a text from Mike wishing him “Good Luck!” and saying he always had room on the sofa when he needed to run away.  Not if,
“Yeah, since he joined the Guard.”  Lestrade thought back to that day, when a scrappy John Watson, separate from the others, had made a comment under his breath in the orientation meeting, not realising Lestrade was sat behind him.  Instead of telling him off, he had tried to stifle a laugh, and John had glanced at him, giving a tight smile.  That was the moment Greg had decided to take him under his wing, both literally and metaphorically.
