Instead he basically ran down the hall to his English class and nearly ran Jess over in his haste. She laughed as she regained her balance. "What's the rush, Sam?" She seemed to register the look on Sam's face, which must have been nightmarish if the return look on Jess's face was any indication. "What happened?"
He and Sam, laden down with bags, made their way to the door, where Bobby waited for them. "He should probably go to the hospital, you know," said Bobby, by way of greeting.
John didn’t see him as he got out of the car, or if he did he ignored him. He looked sober, and he had been driving (but that meant absolutely nothing, Castiel reminded himself). Once he made his way inside, Castiel snuck over to the window, watching as best he could through the curtains and hoping no one saw him doing so.
Gabriel, however, was the one who stepped up to fix Castiel's tie and whisper in his ear, "Luci gets out tomorrow."
“Sam, I know this isn’t something anyone wants to hear,” he heard Ellen say. “But it happened, and we need to pick up the pieces, all right? Dean is John’s next of kin, so he will inherit everything. He turns 18 and can inherit and take custody of you in a few months, if that’s what you want. Until then, we need to come up with something.”
Cas went upstairs with Dean, who was obviously unsteady on his feet. Sam stood below still, staring at John. “You’re kicking him out?”
She reached under her desk and pulled her lunch bag up. She opened it, then clicked play on the cartoon. They ate in silence. Dean wasn't really paying attention to what was happening on the screen, and Ms. Bradbury didn't seem to expect him to. Instead, he thought about Cas, and what his reaction might be if Dean texted him a breakup versus called him. He knew neither was a good way to go about it, but he really didn't want to face his boyfriend as he did this.
Bobby had a frown wrinkling his forehead. Ellen wore a similar expression. "He needs both," she said firmly. "I needed both. He needs both."
Lucifer could see it on his face. His blue eyes filled with tears and he made a choked noise. Sam was yelling his brother's name, and Castiel looked between them before finally breaking and running over to Dean, shoving Alastair aside. "You bastard!" he yelled, glaring at Lucifer with death in his eyes.
Castiel muttered, "I killed him." He felt a certain amount of shame. He had committed murder. He had killed a human being, and that was never a good thing to do.
Castiel obliged with no more than a grumbled complaint about the nickname. Yes. Let us go see the oldest of our brothers. Castiel hoped he would recover soon so they could bring him home, but he knew how unlikely that was. All he would ever have was short, supervised visits with the boy he hasn't truly been able to speak to in what seemed like millennia. But that would never stop Castiel from hoping.
Castiel nodded. “Yes.” Had John escaped and been able to identify him? He had been unconscious when Castiel had arrived, but maybe he had left something behind.
"And you made it look that professional?" Lucifer sounded genuinely impressed. "The police dropped the case as a suicide almost immediately. You've never done this before?"
It took too long to be over. The second they returned home, Castiel yanked his phone from his pocket and took a look. One missed call from Dean. No voicemail. Castiel swallowed back his rising panic and very calmly hit the return call button.
Dean was about to leave when he heard Sam say, in a small voice, "I know this sucks, Dean, but you need to talk about it to someone."
Castiel thought for a moment, attaching the name to her face. Jessica Moore. And then an idea struck him. He needed to save Dean and Sam. Who better to help him than their loved ones? He hated dragging people into this,but what else was he supposed to do?
Their father and Michael left, and Gabriel heaved a great sigh of relief. He ran upstairs. Castiel laughed nervously, but understood immediately when Gabriel came downstairs bearing two large chocolate bars. "Want one?"
Dean was sure John hadn't killed himself, but there was nothing he could do to actually convince everyone of this face. Cas thought he was just in denial,
She swiftly changed into a white dress, knowing this was the last time she would ever carry out an order from the Master. At the same time, she knew she wasn’t strictly obeying the Master. Mills had tried to kill the Singer-Harvelles, but she had failed.
She sighed. “Where are you? I could come pick you up and take you to my house. I’ve got stuff set up in the basement.”
Dean sighed. Of course Sam was absolutely right. He couldn’t understand how Cas would choose him, much less put up with John to do so. “Sammy—”
Lucifer moved forward and kneed Charlie in the stomach, picked up the knife, and stabbed deep into her abdomen. He twisted the knife swiftly, and Charlie went down next to Jess. Lucifer crouched next to them. He opened his mouth to say something, but Jess didn’t let him speak.
Ms. Milton looked at him carefully. "Dean, you need to accept what happened. I know it's hard, but the sooner you accept it, the sooner you can deal with the emotions that inevitably come from this."
....................................................................................................................................................................................
Crowley had protected him. Would Father? Castiel suddenly decided he was going to test and see at Easter dinner. If Mother allowed them to go (and possibly if she did not, Castiel realized, thinking of Lucifer's determination), he was inviting Dean to meet his father.
Michael chuckled. "I'll have breakfast ready. Get going!" The older man left the room, and Castiel clambered out of bed.
Cas crossed the distance between them rapidly and placed his hand on Dean's cheek. "God, I wish I could just make this better." He pressed his lips gently to the largest bruise.
So that was the game. Don’t acknowledge the obvious. Cas kept as much anger and concern out of his voice as he could. “He is certainly going to go far.” He leaned in and pressed his lips gently to Dean’s swollen, cut ones. “Come on, let’s go. One more year in here won’t kill you.” He pulled back and stared right into Dean’s gorgeous green eyes. He wasn’t going to pursue the subject of the bruising. But he saw fear enter Dean’s eyes.
"I have to go, Dean. I think I hear my father calling." That was a blatant lie, and Dean could tell.
.....................................................................................................
I wanted to post this somewhere anyone who used to read my fic could see it; would anyone be interested in a rewrite? The whole series in one fic, definitely way better written, because this was before I was almost finished with a degree in writing and I still consider it my magnum opus.
“Dean came in late, and there isn’t a way to put it other than Dad beat the shit out of him.” Sam sighed, even his breath shaky. “He’s unconscious.”
“I didn’t raise my son this way. I didn’t raise my son to be a faggot.” John’s voice was surprisingly steady. Castiel had been expecting yelling and probably an attack. But John hadn’t moved. He stood in front of the three of them, hands clenched at his sides. “Get out of my house. You have one hour to pack up and get out. You are not my son.”
Dean wasn't going to go to school the next day, but Sam expressed a wish to go, so Dean volunteered to drive. Why not stay and deal with school earlier than was the original plan? Not like that could hurt anything. So he put on his leather jacket and put on that mask that says "I'm just happy I'm alive."
Castiel smiled, then, and simply relaxed against his brother, who stayed in his room for close to an hour. He was worried about Dean, who had not ended up texting him after his class, but his brother was a calming presence. They did not talk about anything, instead basically cuddling until it was time for lunch.
Jess grinned back at him. "All right then." She started giving directions for how Sam needed to turn his head and snapping pictures, some with flash, some without. Soon she said, "Done," and put the camera back in her bag. "Thank you."
Castiel did not mean to ask his next question...it just slipped out. "Then why did you marry Mother?"
Gabriel gasped softly and looked their father square in the eye. "We are leaving. We have to." Without waiting for a response, he led Castiel out the door. When Castiel looked back, he saw their father staring after them, but there was no anger on his face. There was only concern. Castiel was pleasantly surprised by this, but that sensation was swiftly drowned out when his phone rang as they got in the car.
“I left him going to his biology class. He obviously didn’t want my company.” The question made Sam feel weird about leaving the way he did, since really, Dean probably shouldn't be alone. But he wasn't really alone, was he? School was crowded. He wouldn't do anything here.
"Anytime, Dean. Hey, why don't you sit a little closer to me today? Maybe by Meg?" She grinned at him. "That way, I can keep a better eye and fulfill my promise to Ellen. What do you say?"
He climbed the stairs, digging his phone out of his jeans pocket as he went. He scrolled through his contacts until he found the one he was looking for, then pressed the call button.
So, I guess I should trigger warn for suicide?? I'm not sure what to do with that, so suggestions are welcome once you read the chapter. You'll see what I mean.
"Promise me you will call if anything happens, Dean. If you even get lonely. Call me, text me, whatever. Please." Castiel knew he most likely sounded petulant, but at this point he did not care. He only wanted his Dean to be okay. Gabriel put the car in drive.
He wished he didn't have to leave all of John's old cassettes behind, but he had no other choice. There was no way of carrying them with him. He sighed and resigned himself to the thought of marching downstairs, past John, and out the front door. He glanced up at the wall clock. He was almost out of time, and he didn't put it past his father to come up to his room to force him out the door. And if he did that, he might notice that Sam was gone. And there would go the escape plan, out the window with all their dreams.
“You kicked your boy out, you bastard, after you half-killed him. He’s asleep.” Ellen’s tone was ice.
Lucifer stood between Michael and their father, a smile on his face. He had Gabriel in an embrace, but his eyes locked with Castiel's the second he entered the room. "Hello, brother."
"Naomi, may I remind you that it is not up to you who Chuck invites to dinner? He has extended a plus-one invitation to one of his sons." Castiel again found himself greatly appreciating the man his mother had chosen to marry, who spoke softly but with great force.
Dean glared at her. "Don't try to diagnose me, Ms. Bradbury. You don't know me." He crossed his arms and continued glaring.
Lucifer came into the room, looking slightly uncomfortable in an all-white suit. Dean internally sighed in relief. If Lucifer was wearing that, he was not overdressed. "Dean, I haven't seen you in forever. How's your brother?"
Castiel shook his head, but offered no verbal response. Why would he? He unbuckled his seatbelt and shoved his iPod in his pocket. Slamming the car door behind him, he walked slightly behind Gabriel to the door.
Bobby followed suit, but Jody was still on the phone. Ellen glared at her. “Jody, come on, we have to get moving.”
The pair got up. Jess walked with Sam to dump his tray, and they exited the cafeteria together hand-in-hand. Sam walked Jess to her classroom and hugged her outside. "Have a good class," he said.
He pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket. "Why, Dean?" He didn't sound angry, which surprised Dean. He just sounded tired and sad.
Dean and Sam did not go to school the next day. Castiel was not surprised. What he was surprised at was the fact that he had not killed John when he had the chance. Instead, he had just tied him up. Castiel needed a plan. He did not wish to be arrested. But John did not deserve to walk the streets after what he had done to Dean.
Castiel's eyes widened, and he clapped his hands together. A grin spread over his face, but it soon faded as he realized Easter was only a week away. "How will we convince Mother that this is a good idea?" Castiel let his thoughts race around in his head for a minute, while Lucifer was silent. "We only have a week. And Gabriel is missing. And-"
The shrug Bobby gave him was one of acknowledgement. "True. That idjit wouldn't do a damn thing about his injuries if we didn't help him out."
"Bathroom?" When Mr. Colt nodded, Dean got up and practically fled the room, grabbing and nearly dropping the hall pass as he went. It was only a slight relief when he got away from the intense stare, but it was something. He walked unsteadily down the hall to the bathroom, where he stood for a few moments in front of a sink.
"Because everything is my fault, Sammy. I screw everything up. I killed Mom...and now I've killed Dad." Out of the corner of his eye, Dean could see Cas cringing. Sam's eyes were filled with tears. A quiet conversation was happening in the kitchen, where Gabe was. "It's true. I was the cause. Dad killed himself because of me. If I hadn't..."
Jess and Charlie shared a glance. “I’m not leaving her with you,” Jess said, voice slightly trembling.
"Then there's your answer." Sam's calm was infuriating. "Wear the tux. Chill out. Cas loves you. He isn't going to judge you if you are a little overdressed. Besides, I thought you said you were supposed to wear your ‘Sunday best'."
Dad was dead. Sam had hoped for this for so long, that John would just vanish out of their lives, but now that it had come to pass, and like this, of all things, he was really upset about it. Upset as in shaking and teary-eyed and basically not functional as a human being because damn it, his entire life was turned around. No matter how much he wanted John gone, he never wanted him to kill himself. And Dean refusing to accept it was suicide made it worse. If he could just accept that John committed suicide, the both of them could figure out why it happened. As though Sam didn't already know.
“Where are you going to go, Dean?” Silence fell outside the door. Sam assumed it was because John had abandoned his efforts.
Another man walked into the room and ran over, but he was either too late or just in time, as Gabriel screamed, blade protruding out of his neck. The dark-haired man who had just entered disarmed Lucifer and stabbed him as well. He looked at Ellen where she lay and said simply, “Let’s find those boys.” If his voice cracked…Ellen didn’t acknowledge it.
Sam checked his pockets immediately for a phone, with no luck, and Dean wasn’t waking up. It wasn’t until two o’clock in the morning by the old alarm clock on the nightstand that John’s loud snoring reached Sam’s ears, and Dean was still unconscious.
"Human," Dean said with a chuckle. "Right." He needed to find what killed his father and this wasn't helping.
If only Dean and Cas could get it together and make up, he would be happy. But the thought of Jess (as he called her) wasn’t enough to dispel the omnipresent thought of John. And now that Dean and Cas were fighting and possibly broken up, there wasn’t a positive presence that stayed in the home.
Dean tried to step past him, and John moved aside, not saying another word. That was what Dean would remember the most. The quiet. Drunk, John was loud and full of rage. Sober, John wasn't violent. He was quiet and apathetic. Needless to say, he was typically drunk. As Dean moved past him, John shoved him in the small of his back. Dean fell, already burdened by the luggage he was carrying.
Jess didn’t look like she was following at all, and Bobby took it upon himself to explain to her the blackmail Jody Mills might be under. “We think the Novaks have her husband and son. That would be how she is in their pocket deep enough to keep torture a secret.” Jess nodded, eyes widening, but said nothing. “Ellen, we need to get in touch with her.”
It seemed to be ages after Dean had told Castiel he was in class that Michael's door finally opened and Lucifer came out, followed by his brother. Michael went downstairs, but Lucifer simply crossed the hall and entered Castiel's room, knocking as he came in. "Hello, brother."
Yes, that seemed to be the way to go. That way he and Cas could go their separate ways before Dean just hurt him more. Cas wouldn't understand, but he didn't need to. He just needed to be safe from Dean. Dean was poison. He had killed his mother, he had killed his father, and dammit he wasn't going to hurt anyone else. He just needed them to leave him alone. Cas didn't need someone in his life that would keep tearing him down. He needed to be free to pursue his interests.
Castiel was shaking as he hung up the phone. Dean seemed upset. And he didn't believe John had killed himself. Would Dean suspect something of him? Castiel did not think it was likely that Dean would actually think Castiel himself had done this, but the thought remained, like the seeds of panic in his head. But even if Dean suspected something, no police investigation would be able to pin this on Castiel. He had been too careful. Too conscientious about leaving no fingerprints and not being seen entering the house.
As they rounded the corner and came in view of the office, Dean saw Cas standing there. He was standing a little straighter than he usually did and Dean could have sworn he had a proud look on his face. But as Cas's eyes locked onto Dean's, the pride drained from them, instantly replaced with concern. Neither of them said a word. Dean marched right past him, followed closely by Sam, into the office.
He went to the bathroom and stripped out of his dress clothes from the previous day. He was really going to have to work on changing before bed. Then again, he had not meant to fall asleep as early as he had, so he figured he was just having a more exhausting time of it than usual. That was probably to be expected, he reasoned. With everything that was happening, no one would be completely alert and awake all the time.
He hung up and sprinted down the stairs, very nearly tripping on the second step. "Gabriel!" he yelled as he ran. His brother jumped up from the couch as Castiel entered the living room, shaking his head almost imperceptibly. Castiel stopped abruptly, breathing heavily. He did not say a word, as Gabriel seemed to be warning him of something.
But sure enough, when hr knocked on the door to the study, Gabriel was standing behind him when the voice behind the door rang out. "Enter." Castiel turned the doorknob and stepped over the threshold.
Sam took the suitcase and left the room. John wasn’t in sight, but he moved carefully anyway, hoping John didn’t hear him. He packed up his clothes and brought his backpack with him into Dean’s room.
Sam waited for Dean after school. He could easily just walk home alone, but he didn't want Dean to have to come into the house without him again. His presence usually stopped John from doing anything. He scanned the crowd for any sign of his brother, finding him relatively quickly. He was walking with Cas, their hands very nearly touching. He wished Dean would just hold Cas's hand, but Dean never did when leaving school...just in case John was waiting for him outside. The two had been together for a year, but Dean refused to come out to their father, no matter how often Sam tried to convince him to.
"I almost did. But that's what I get for protesting, I suppose. Anyway, that wasn't what I wanted you to guess. Try again." Lucifer mirrored Castiel's posture.
Cas saw the honey-colored hair and made a beeline for Dean at his locker, treading as softly as he could through the crowded school hallway. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean guided him to a seat, then looked expectantly at Bobby. “I’m restating Sam’s question. What happened?”
My Always Keep Fighting shirt came in the mail a couple days ago, which inspired me to finish this chapter for you guys. Your comments and kudos are wonderfully motivating, too! Sorry I'm late with this installment!
Cas nodded and wrapped both arms around Dean. "I will be back tomorrow. I promise." He kissed his forehead and got up, following Gabriel out the door.
From his restrained position, Sam couldn’t see much of what was going on, but he heard another gunshot and felt a slight spatter of blood hit his cheek. Then Ellen was at his side, loosening the restraints enough for him to free himself. He removed the gag himself.
Lucifer and Mother were nowhere in sight, but his stepfather was in the recliner in front of the television, watching a - Castiel studied the screen for a moment - World War II documentary.  Without looking around, his stepfather said, "Cas. So good of you to join us inside. Your mother is upstairs with Lucifer." Castiel winced slightly. "We seem to be about to have a family meeting...as soon as Michael shows up."
"She told me I was the only one. She said you trusted me. Do you trust me, Dean?" Ms. Bradbury smiled winningly at him.
The two adults moved aside to allow Castiel and Dean into the house, and Castiel dropped Dean's hand immediately, running forward to embrace a blond-haired man who was standing just out of eyesight from the doorway. "Gabriel!"
And what about Sam? Better off this way, Dean knew. He would be cared for. Hell, he could go to friggin' Stanford if he wanted. But he would always carry the scars of losing both parents.
Gabriel must have picked up on the chill in Castiel's tone, because he responded with, "He wanted to make sure we were all right, Cassie. He does care about us, you know." Cas snorted quietly, and Gabriel sighed. "I didn't tell him what happened, Cassie. You can tell him when you have a mind to. But I do hope that's soon."
Sam remained where he was, silent. He had often expressed a wish to be free of his father, but for his father to kill himself...Sam was having difficulty wrapping his head around it. Just the fact that he was dead was hard for Sam.
Dean braced himself as he heard the pounding steps of running feet. Sam rushed into the room and stopped abruptly in the doorway. He stared at Dean's face, then took a few cautious steps forward. Without a word, Sam pulled Dean into his arms. Only after their hug ended did he speak.
“This isn’t your business, Sam.” The chill in John’s voice sent one down Sam’s spine. It was a drastic shift from the incoherent screaming, one that was utterly unfamiliar. His father had never spoken to him so coldly. John raised his hand and took another step toward Dean.
Bradbury had gotten everyone set up well, then gone back to her place with Jess. Bobby hoped to hell they were watching. They were in Bobby’s truck, but the plan was to go back to the salvage yard and get a car that wasn’t as recognizable to someone who watched them as much as the Novaks ostensibly did.
"Stay where you are," Cas choked out. "Please, Dean, will you do that for me? We are about to leave to come get you."
John’s angry glare met his eyes, and Castiel glared back until John’s eyes left his. “You are going to kill yourself today.”
"Ms. Milton is probably still talking to him. We have computer class now, though, and you know how Bradbury gets when students come in late."
I'm looking at wrapping this fic up pretty soon! I'd like to thank all my readers for getting me this far! I always love hearing from you!
......................................................................................................................................................................
"Dean. Stop your car." Cas's low voice startled Dean, even though he had been expecting it. He obeyed without thinking, pulling over to the shoulder.
John nodded. “Yes. He has no place in this house.” He seemed to have been shocked sober. “My sons aren’t faggots. So he isn’t my son.”
What he didn't know was that right now, Jessica Moore was trying to call him. He didn't know John had locked himself in his bedroom and was crying, holding a picture of hia wife and children before the fire. He didn't know that John desperately wanted Dean to come back but couldn't admit it to himself. He didn't know he and his brother were the most important people in John's life. And he certainly didn't know that John would pick up Jessica's phone call and come up to get him.. He didn't know John would panic when he found Sam's room empty. He couldn't know what would happen after that.
Dean's mind often went down dangerous paths, but Cas had always been able to bring him back. Now, Cas wasn't even available to talk to. He was gone, no way to contact him. Dean considered trying to talk to Sammy, but he knew he would only damage his brother further by confiding in him. Sam deserved to be at peace with himself. Instead, he decided to write a letter.
“What’s the matter?” Oh, there were a plethora of ways to respond to that, and Cas seemed to realize that. After a long silence, he almost murmured, “You don’t think you deserve to be saved.” Dean’s eyes widened as Cas continued. “But you do! I want you to be happy.”
Castiel could not help but feel relieved that Michael was home and still willing to protect the rest of the brothers. He had been distant since the disappearance of Gabriel. Mother had allowed him to do whatever he had to do to deal with the loss of his brother, but this meant she had cracked down on the rest of them, particularly Castiel.
Castiel was hard at work on the English essay he had been assigned when 3:45 rolled around. His cell phone started buzzing the alarm, and he shut the alarm off. He was expecting to hear from Dean any time now. But it wasn't until about 4:30 that his phone rang.
“If she’s an international criminal, how do we know she’s trustworthy?” Bobby asked. “For all we know, she could be working for an uncontrollable third party. I say we go in alone…maybe with Jody, but only if we can guarantee her family’s safety. We don’t need another variable.”
Dean looked back and forth between Bobby and Ellen and nodded slowly. “All right.” Then he was up like a shot and ran upstairs.
Ellen turned around and greeted him with a promise of pancakes if he went and got his brother, so he went back upstairs to get Dean for breakfast. He pretended not to notice the tears that were plain on his brother's face and gave him some time to erase the evidence. They went downstairs together and acted happy, like they weren't noticing each other's pain.
There was nothing Dean wanted more than to climb out the window after Sam. He had dreamed about it often enough, although of course he would never have considered leaving his father seriously. You don't bail on family. Dean chuckled bitterly. How this loyalty was being rewarded. He placed his backpack on his shoulders and hoisted his duffel and Sam's suitcase, then took one last look around what had been his room.
Downstairs, a hinge creaked, loud against Sam’s strained ears. Louder still was the immediate shouting, words slurred together until they were unrecognizable, and even louder, ringing through the house, the sound of closed fist against flesh, again, and again. At the sound, Sam threw the blanket back and raced to the stairs, footfalls mingling with the chaos. He went more carefully down the stairs until he could see Dean.
.”Castiel was startled by Jess’s cursing, but he figured that if anyone was entitled to use profanity, she was. “I’m going to Bobby and Ellen, and don’t you dare try to stop me.”
"That is called guilt, Castiel, and is unnecessary for you to feel." Castiel looked at his brother. "It runs in your blood. Nothing bad is going to happen because of it. You protected what is yours from an attacker."
Cas’s voice could only be described as a growl when he responded, “I’ll kill him.” Sam opened his mouth to respond, but Cas continued, “I will. This is the last time I get this call.”
Michael came back downstairs and handed the phone and the slip of paper to Lucifer, who dialed the number and waited. "Father. Yes, we can come. Hmmm? Yes, I believe one of us does. All right, I'll tell him. Yes, I'm excited to see you too. All right. Bye."
He crossed the room swiftly after that thought and went downstairs. His father was nowhere in sight, and for a moment Dean thought he might be in the clear. But of course, Dean Winchester had no such luck. As he stepped into the living room, he noticed that unmistakable top of his father's head rising and turning to glare at him.
do something about this.” He wasn’t a Novak for nothing, though anything he did to John Winchester wouldn’t be approved by the family.
Michael led the way through the house, the woman behind him following cautiously, but placing far more trust in him than Michael would have imagined being given to him in this circumstance. He knew what was to be found downstairs. Nothing but blood and agony and torture. He needed to get those two out.
Castiel's situation had gotten slightly better when his mother had married his stepfather, who insisted the boys call him Crowley, rather than his real name. Sometimes (but he would never admit it to anyone), he was relieved that his father had vanished, because at least he knew his stepfather was on his side. He was unsure of how his true father would have reacted when he brought Dean home after about six months.
Without thinking, he slammed the crowbar into the hood of the car. It's just a car. Just a car. Cars can be damaged. He slammed it down over and over again, all over the car, smashing in every window, denting everywhere he could. The engine was smoking by the time he was done. It felt phenomenal while he was doing it, but when he took a step back, the full enormity of what he had just done hit him, and he staggered forward, falling to his knees in front of his baby. "I'm sorry, Baby," he whispered.
.................................................................................................................................................................................
Sam had no idea what John could have been thinking. He just knew that right now, everyone was safe. Dean and him were away from John and had made up. He would tell Jessica his number had changed in the morning at school so she wouldn't call the Winchester house.
There was a pause and a muffled conversation on the other end of the line that Charlie couldn’t quite make out. Jessica came back quickly with, “Three, assuming the other person comes through. Ellen is on the phone with her now.”
Besides, he needed to go home after school anyway, he reasoned. There were no pros of texting him a breakup beyond not having to hear his voice, but Dean really wanted to hear his voice one last time before he delivered the news. He knew quite well that this would be hurting his boyfriend, but in the long run it would help him. Dean decided to call him. It still wasn't face to face, but it wasn't quite as insulting as a text might be. Cas meant quite a bit to Dean...he didn't want to just blow him off. That would be wrong.
"Is what true?" Dean sounded tired, and Sam again knew it was true. He would sound confused. Dean would sound confused, not tired.
"What if he does not accept that I have a boyfriend?" Castiel asked Crowley while the older man was helping him fix his tie.
Gabriel shot him a grin before their father spoke. "Your brother Lucifer is being released from the hospital tomorrow. I'd like you all to stay home to welcome him back." His tone brooked no argument, though Castiel was hit with a wave of panic. How was he going to keep a watchful eye on Dean when he was practically on lockdown?
Did Dean mention that sober John was a calculating asshole? The kicks to Dean's ribs weren't hard enough to break them, just to bruise them. The kick to his nose broke it, but didn't smash it completely. The kick to his temple didn't knock him out. And when John finally hauled him up, Dean stared into perfectly emotionless eyes before he was hurled bodily out the door. Only after all this had happened did he realize he didn't even say a word to John.
Dean smiled his most winning smile. "Ms. Bradbury placed me here." Crowley frowned,  but it was a shallow frown. "If you have a problem, you can take it up with her."
Dean nodded. After Cas left, he pulled Sam into a tight hug.  “I’m going out the front. Meet you at Cas’s.”
Anger grew in him. Anger at himself, anger at Bobby, Ellen, Sam, Gabriel, anger at Cas, and even anger at John. Damn it all, Dean was angry with the entire world. He stood up, scowling, with tears in his eyes, and went downstairs. He brushed past Bobby and Ellen, who didn't try to hinder him as he went out to where the Impala was parked in the lot.
God, why couldn't Dean just see that it was nobody's fault? Sam found himself thinking that Jo could help him understand, but he shut down that road quick. Jo wasn't a welcome presence in his headspace right now. Not with the revelation about Mom (and Dad's suicide). He didn't need the thought of the person he had always considered a sister, or the inevitable images of her death. The explosion in the engine. Sam pressed his hands to his temples, trying to banish the images as they arose.
Cas cut in, though. "I know you don't want to, Dean. You've told me that several times. But we need to do something. Please...let us help you."
“I do appreciate it. I won’t bring it up to Dean. For now.” There was a click at the other end of the line. Cas had hung up, leaving Sam to stare at the phone in his hand for a moment before bringing Dean back to consciousness, checking for a concussion, and going to sleep. Tomorrow would be a blast.
"And the number. It's on a little piece of paper in my skinny jeans' pocket." Lucifer sounded strained.
Michael soon followed, shooting a smile at Gabriel and Castiel as he tied his shoes. “I get my brother back today,” he said, and Castiel could not help but smile back at the absolute elation in Michael's voice.
"No. I do not think Mother would appreciate having to bring her son's boyfriend to Easter dinner with her ex-husband."
Why did Dean have to be so stubborn about something that was this bad for him? Castiel thought about this the entire way to Dean's house. He was angry that Dean would not see how evil John was. All Dean could see was the man he had been before Mary died. Which he blamed himself for. Still. After over a decade. He did not speak to either of the brothers until they reached the door, when he turned around and kissed Dean full on the lips. "Come on. Let's go do homework."
Sam submitted to her will, but wondered in silence what was going on until a snap and an agonized cry made him sit bolt upright. But it wasn’t Dean. Alistair lay on the ground, leg twisted at an unnatural angle. Cas stood above him, gun in hand. Sam watched in wordless horror and relief as Cas fired a single shot into Alistair’s forehead.
Jess nodded. “I honestly agree with Bobby. If Miss Bradbury used to work for the Novaks, what makes you think she’d betray them?”
“I know, Mom, I’m sorry. I just,” Jess threw in a sniffle for effect, “I went to go see Bobby and Ellen.”
Um...please don't kill me? Comments motivate me so much, guys, and I appreciate every one I get! ❤❤ Y'all are da bestest!
Dean gasped softly. "Cas. You look great." He stood up and met Cas halfway through the living room, pulling their lips together in a gentle kiss. They broke apart when they heard Naomi clear her throat behind them. She looked like she was about to say something, but Crowley looked at her and raised an eyebrow. She crossed her arms and walked away.
do that." When Ms. Bradbury smiled back, he stood up, grabbing his backpack from the floor, and made his way to the seat next to Meg Masters.
"How is that a good offer?" Dean forgot to be sarcastic, but kept his voice low. He didn't want to frighten his little brother more than he had to.
That's it. That's the end. I might post another sequel, I might not, but for now, it's over. It was a wild ride, and I'm glad I was able to share this with all of you. Thank you for the feedback you have given me through this whole series!
. Feeling morally justified, Castiel stood up again, panic gone, replaced by confidence. He had saved Dean. He had gotten Dean out of the hell he was living in, and everything was all right with that.
“A necessary skill, I assure you. Also, you never fail to jump.” Cas forced a smile as he examined Dean’s face. Sam was right. He looked a mess. If John was going to keep hurting
“Dean, what the hell did you just do?” Sam shouted from downstairs. Dean heard his footsteps climbing the stairs. “Answer me!” Sam’s angry face confronted him.
smiled out on the right. John wasn't there, the house wasn't there. It was empty space with just Sam and Dean. Dean's hand clasped the amulet around his neck and he smiled. He folded the old drawing up and tucked it into his jeans pocket next to his iPod.
Dean sighed. “Yeah, but she’s dead.” Sam was surprised he didn’t say he killed her (he usually did when Mom came up), but it was a pleasant surprise.
Sam chuckled. "Just some family stuff. No big deal." He shrugged, not wanting to share all his troubles with this beautiful girl just yet. Or possibly ever. No one needed to know his brother had almost died. No one needed to know it was Sam's fault.
At that, and to Dean's great relief and trepidation, Gabriel walked in, followed by Bobby and Ellen. His voice was grave as he said, "Well, Dean, I'm glad you are safe." He lifted both eyebrows, lips pressed together. "Unless Cassie wants to leave, I'll be on the porch while you guys discuss this as a family." He walked out the door.
At the imperious gesture, she laughed. "Keep telling yourself that, Fergus." Crowley's frown deepened and he crossed the room away from them. "He'll be back," she said with a chuckle. "Doesn't know when to give up."
The vehicle switch went quickly, and now Bobby decided it was a good time to contact Bradbury and Jess. “You listening?” he asked.
Lucifer nodded. "Cool." Good, he didn't notice. Or he did. Dammit. He did, didn't he? This internal dialogue went on for a good five minutes as the three of them sat in silence on the couch. And then Dean heard footsteps on the stairs.
>>Dean, I believe you may be classifying yourself incorrectly. If you were "well enough," you would never have said that to Sam.
He hadn't been expecting Bobby's story to turn the way it did, either. He supposed he should have guessed at the beginning, but he had been focused on something else at the time, to be fair. Even though it wasn't fair. Why did everything have to happen? He supposed Fate must have our out for the family.
Dean reached over and ruffled Sam’s hair. “No, I suppose not. At least not right now. And I don’t blame the guy. It was a dick move I pulled.”
Dean clenched and unclenched his fists multiple times in a futile attempt to calm down. "I'm not worried about Cas judging me. His entire family is going to be there. I'm worried about them judging me. What if his dad decides to completely reject him because his boyfriend isn't good enough?" He started breathing heavily. "It would be my fault. I can't do that to him. Maybe I shouldn't go."
That was why, when Sam saw Dean exiting the cafeteria with a tray of food, he didn't chase him down to make sure he was all right and to ask him where he was going. He just let his brother go as he got in line for a hot meal. Well, kind of hot. The name said hot. The food was hot dogs today, and they even had chili to go on top of them. The chili was actually hot, steaming as it came out of the pot they had set up. He smothered his hot dog in the stuff before starting to search for a seat.
"Slow down, Castiel. One step at a time. First, we tell Mother this is happening." Lucifer smiled. "Then we figure out the rest." His smile widened into a grin. "We are going to Father's house for Easter dinner."
Castiel was probably bruising Dean's fingers with how tightly he was squeezing them. "Yes, Father," he said uncertainly.
His eyes traveled to his neatly made bed, which was slightly wrinkled from where he and Cas had sat on it, then to the drawings adorning his walls. He crossed the room swiftly and pulled one down. It was two stick figures, both with comically large smiles on their faces. The figures were labeled, the words floating above their heads.
Jody hung up the phone and turned to look at Ellen and Bobby. “I’m sorry,” she said, pulling her handgun out of her holster. Her eyes were rimmed in red, and there were tear tracks on her cheeks. “I’m so sorry.”
Lucifer had informed his father of what was going on in the soundproofed basement, and his father had nodded and left the room, allowing Lucifer to truss Dean up the way he needed to and wait for the Rolston twins to arrive. And now? Now it had been a week. As of yet, there was no police interest and no questions directed at the Novaks...just the way Lucifer liked it.
"Get in the car. I have to take you home before Sam has a panic attack." Dean made to get in the driver's seat, and Cas shook his head. "No. I am going to drive. Passenger seat."
Sam didn't quite understand how this could have happened. How any of this could have happened. When Dean left, Sam and Ms. Milton sat in silence for several minutes before the one minute warning bell rang and Sam got up, slung his bag over his shoulder, and left. He didn't want to be in that room for a second longer.
“Mom would have supported him, you know.” Before John had time to react, Sam sprinted up the stairs to Dean’s room, slamming and locking the door behind him.
“Yeah, we’re moving,” Ellen said, and Bobby heard it echo in his ear. They could all communicate with each other…that was nice.
He gazed at the two boys for a moment longer before leaving the room and locking the door behind him. He practically ran back upstairs and tried to get some sleep. He tossed and turned and cried a little. In other words, his few attempts at sleep were piiful, but eventually he managed to stay asleep. He had no dreams that night, just the echoes of screams in his mind.
“But as you can see, Dean does not particularly want me to do that. He has wanted me to hide this for some time. But I am
Dean collapsed to the ground and Ellen forced Sam to lie down once again. He wished he could speak. He wished he could call out to his brother who probably needed him to do just that. He tried, but only a hoarse whisper would come out of his mouth.
Instead, he studied in silence basically until dinnertime. He exchanged some texts with Dean, but not many. Just enough to keep tabs on his boyfriend and make sure he was doing okay. After dinner, he went straight back up to his room and (he had no idea how) fell directly asleep.
Dean could not concentrate in history class for anything. His face hurt (though he would never admit it to anyone), and he could feel Cas's ice-blue eyes boring into his back. Frankly, it was rather distracting. He just needed to clear his head for a minute, so he stuck his hand in the air.
“You don’t need to do that, Dean. I’ll be fine.” Sam knew he’d be safer with Bobby and Ellen, but he wasn’t sure if he wanted to leave here.
Lucifer's mouth widened into a grin. "Castiel. We are more alike than I thought. Did you kill him or simply convince him it was the better option."
Lucifer laughed. "Don't you worry. Father doesn't know." He patted Castiel's head. "The way you talked about saving him made it clear to me."
If you guys want a posting schedule, let me know. I can stick to one of those (hopefully) better than I can a vague notion of posting regularly.
At this point, reader feedback will start to drive. If there are characters you want to see, I can accommodate those wishes now. I'm really not sure where to go from here...
He proceeded to explain the situation as briefly as he could, explained that the Singer-Harvelle’s had been threatened, Dean and Sam’s lives had both been threatened, and closed with, “and the police are in the palm of my brother’s hand, so we can’t call them.”
She pulled the switchblade out of her pocket and cut his shirt off, running the knife up and down his chest gently before carving her designs. She cut his name into his chest, listening to his helpless cries. The son was crying too, but she didn’t know if it was because he could hear or whether he was just scared.
"Castiel, you really need to stop making noise," Lucifer said as Dean's screams echoed through the room, followed by Sam screaming his older brother's name. Some things never changed.
I am writing a sequel to this, don't worry! Everything will end up resolved (eventually). Please let me know what you guys think!
"So you are leaving. Good." John got up and moved to stand in Dean's way. "You have no place here. Even if you realize that this shit you're doing is wrong, don't ever come back. Remember you aren't my son. You lost that right when you decided to be a faggot." John's voice was so calm, like what he was doing was absolutely nothing. Dean realized that for once he was sober, and that realization made what was happening so much worse.
Dean opened the door to his closet and rummaged through the clothes before slamming the door shut. "Dammit, Sam, I don't have anything else!"
Lucifer sat silently for a good five minutes, lost in thought, but eventually he said, "Maybe he wants a fresh start. We are his children, after all." He put his arm around Castiel, who leaned into him. "God knows I would want one."
Castiel woke up at 7 in the morning when Michael snuck into his room and shook his shoulder. "Castiel. Church. Wake up."
Gabriel sighed. “Tonight. She and Sam’s girlfriend are going to be at her house monitoring a search and rescue remotely.”
Castiel was highly confused, but he nodded to Lucifer to continue. "The author, as you might know, goes by Carver Edlund. This was his first public appearance, and during this time, he revealed his real name. But I already knew." Lucifer paused, and Castiel leaned forward involuntarily. "His name was Chuck Shurley."
Castiel took a deep breath and nodded. "Dean's been in rough emotional shape lately, and I need to support him." He frowned. "And right now, I really need to get over there. He didn't pick up when I returned his call," he informed his brother.
"Of course." Cas was the one who hung up. Sam heaved a sigh and put the phone down on the receiver. "Thanks," he said to the woman at the desk before he went back upstairs to his locker, and then off to his algebra class.
Dean could barely pay attention to any of his classes that day. He kept thinking back to what Ms. Milton said about being unfeeling. He wasn't unfeeling. He was being the strong older brother. Sam didn't need Dean's worries on top of his own. He was having a hard enough time with losing their father. So after making it through that exceptionally long day, Cas at his side, he was exhausted. He drove the three of them back to Bobby's house, and Bobby invited Cas to stay for dinner. Cas, of course, accepted, but asked Dean to drive him home soon after that, claiming Gabriel needed something. The night went fairly calmly after that, and Dean ignored his homework and went to bed early.
“Sam, get your brother and both of you sit down somewhere. I need to go find Ellen.” Bobby turned and left through the outside door.
“Cas, climb out the window,” Dean said. “You don’t want Dad to see you. Sam’s going to do the same thing. One of the reason’s he’s using my suitcase.”
"I know," Sam said. "Your reputation precedes you." He was trying to stay cold toward her, but she was absolutely gorgeous. No, Sam, think about Jess.
But Dean had this gut feeling it hadn't been suicide, and if he had learned one thing in the past several years, it was to trust his gut, even if all the evidence was against it. If his gut said John didn't kill himself, he was going to figure out who killed him.
That was why he was actually happy about going to school. The thought of having no one panicking about him at all hours of the day was refreshing. And if they tried to text him or call him, he could pull the "I'm in class" excuse and everything would be okay. Plus, he would have people surrounding him, so maybe his family could calm down about him finding somewhere secluded to hurt himself. But dammit he kept his promises. And he had promised Cas he would talk to him when he was feeling down enough to do anything.
Jess hung up the phone after her mother said that and looked into the front seat, where Bobby and Ellen sat in silence, not questioning her for information she wasn’t yet able to share.
Castiel stood up from his seat on the steps as his brother came running completely barefoot up the driveway wearing nothing but a pair of ripped skinny jeans. "Lucifer," he hissed under his breath before sprinting to meet him and drag him into the grass, out of the sight of the windows against the house. "Where are your clothes?"
Sam leaned closer to his brother and stared directly into his eyes. "You remember every detail of that night except why you ran into a burning building? I'm sorry if I don't quite believe you. Why did you go back in?" He wouldn't have pressed the matter if Dean hadn't so obviously lied.
And just like that, her mother’s angry tone faded into an apologetic, careful one. “All right, then, I guess. Just be back by seven. And next time call me if you’re going to be somewhere. I was worried.”
John didn’t care. “Not Dean. He isn’t my son. Sam. Where is he?” John felt panic welling up in him again. He couldn’t lose his son.
Bobby came clumping downstairs and looked at Jess. Ellen gave him a look that Jess couldn’t decipher, but he raised an eyebrow and nodded. “All right, let’s do that, then.”
"Good," she said briskly, pulling him down to the chair next to her desk as she sank into her swivel chair. "Now that we've got that settled, no, I haven't told any of your other teachers, and I don't plan on it." Dean looked at her in astonishment. A teacher that didn't go blabbing to all the others? She was a blessing. "I do want you to check in with me at lunch and let me know how your day is going. Also, I did send out an email telling your teachers to give you a pass on phone use. You don't need to be disconnected from your support system now."
That was not technically grounds to kill the husband and son, but honestly, Lilith hadn’t been able to make someone scream in a long time. Crowley hadn’t given her the satisfaction. The Mills family would, if their female figure was anything to go by.
Castiel tilted his head to the side in confusion. "There is the other problem." Lucifer raised his eyebrows, prompting him to proceed. "Well, why would Father invite us over for dinner now? When Father and Mother divorced, Father gave her custody. No visitation. He just left. Why would he want us now?" The old pain of abandonment was back in full swing. Father had left them, there was no getting around it.
Gabriel laughed. "All right, Cassie. Breakfast is chocolate chip pancakes. I expect you downstairs soon. Michael's already gone. You know how he likes visiting our brother on his own before we go. And I'm not sure where Dad is." Gabriel shrugged. Dad being missing for weeks at a time was a normal occurrence. They were used to it by now. "Business, presumably. He didn't call to let us know.."
The look on Dean's face almost made Sam regret asking the question. Almost. "I don't know, Sam, I was four!"
She was typing away, and, since class hadn't started, Dean looked curiously at her screen. He looked away quickly in embarrassment, but she didn't seem to have seen him looking, so he read the paragraph he was typing. He held back a chuckle as he said, "Though Captain Jack does have a thing for sleeping with anything that lets him, I doubt he would do so with Mussolini"
Castiel nodded, not trusting his voice. His eyes welled up with tears. Father wanted them again. He took a moment to get his emotions under control before saying, "Perhaps you should go inside and change your clothing. Mother might have a heart attack if she sees you in those clothes."
Dammit, he was going to have to say it. Dean forced himself to remember that this would be a onetime hurt, not the pain that would come of Cas having to deal with him all the time. "Yes. I think that would be best."
"I am. Sam texted Gabriel and told him what was going on. So stop avoiding the question. Why?" There was no escaping it now...Cas was crying.
"Do you want me to stay on the phone with you?" Cas sounded relieved, but Dean could still hear the choked breaths he was taking.
As he finished writing, Sam came upstairs and told him that Ellen had made pancakes. So Dean set his notebook aside and went downstairs. As he ate his pancakes, he pretended he had not just written the letter he had written. As soon as he had finished, he went upstairs and sank into his bed, notebook shoved under his pillow and plan turning in his brain.
“He hanged himself?” Dean asked, and now his voice was incredulous. “He wouldn’t do that. He’d shoot himself.”
Ellen nodded. “Good plan.” She turned to Jess, who had kept quiet through all of this scheming. “Is there an adult at school you trust?”
Sam woke, shaking and sweating, but silent. Looking at the clock, he saw it was one in the morning. He decided he didn't need to wake Dean about this. Or Bobby or Ellen. He could handle it. He got up and walked around for a few minutes until he deemed himself calm enough to go back to sleep. But even when he got back in bed, he was sleepless. He tossed and turned, trying to find the best sleeping position, but it was no good. Dawn had broken by the time he fell back asleep.
Gabriel took the car out of drive. "If you say so, Cassie." He turned the car off. "I'll trust you on that."
“Not tonight, Dean. I will see you tomorrow at school.” Cas’s voice was sad, and Dean wanted to fix it.
He made with with several seconds to spare, as evidenced by the fact that Jess was still waiting for him outside the room. "Sam! I wasn't sure you were coming." She smiled, evidently pleased by his presence, but the smile soon faded as she studied his face. "Is something wrong?"
Church was generic. Castiel barely listened to the sermon, instead worrying about his soon-to-be absence from Dean. He felt his phone vibrating in his pocket halfway through the fire-and-brimstone portion of the service and knew instinctively it was Dean. His hand twitched automatically toward it, but his father cleared his throat behind him. Castiel's hand flew back to his lap and stayed there while he silently panicked.
“Not a chance in hell. Dean is showing bruises from yesterday. Now, I could report this.” Castiel spoke just as low as John did.
Dean bit back his impulse to snap at the man. He was the one who Dean really never should snap at. Alastair was the crazyone, he had come to realize over the course of the past few weeks. Azazel...he was pretty scary, but everything he did had a carefully thought out purpose. Alastair just liked causing pain.
“My name is Jody Mills.” Sheriff Mills walked around and sat behind the desk. “I got a call from Bobby Singer-Harvelle this morning about your friend Dean.”
Michael raised a pistol and that was all the warning anyone got before the gunshot sounded and Azazel went down. Dean’s fist clenched tight around the scalpel he had been using, and he pulled his arms in close to himself. Sam started struggling against his bonds.
Dean shrugged, then winced in pain from his ribs. Whatever. He'd try to convince Cas of how bad an idea this actually was later. But for now, he focused on anything but his current situation. He focused on the fact that Cas had forgiven him, and he focused on the fact that Cas still wanted him after John's reaction...and Dean's own lack of ability to stand up for who he was. He focused on Cas's angry blue eyes glaring at the road ahead as though it itself were John and he could kill it right now. He shook his head and relaxed into his seat. Maybe with Bobby and Ellen things would start to look up. Maybe.
Sam’s watch read 21:04 and Dean was still not home, which posed a multitude of problems. The smallest? He had resolved not to go to sleep until Dean got in, and his first day of high school was the next morning. The biggest? Sam’s phone was broken, shattered against a wall last time his father came home drunk, so he couldn’t text Dean to warn him to come in through a window to avoid the same fate.
of the safety being removed echoed in the still strangely empty house. Ellen drew her own gun, but Jody squeezed the trigger. Ellen staggered back a step, fully expecting to be hit by the bullet, but Bobby threw himself in front of her, falling to the ground on the other side.
Dean seemed to realize that, too, because he signed and leaned back. "A blanket. I went back inside to grab a blanket. And I am done with this conversation." He made no move to leave. He gave no indication of a wish for Sam to leave.
Dean shook his head. There wasn't anything. He would never fight back against John. Never. He thoroughly deserved everything. It was his fault his mother died. This was nothing compared to that. But he didn't say any of this out loud, knowing Cas would try to convince him otherwise. "No. I can deal with it." He walked past Cas to the door, then paused when Cas spoke.
Lucifer shrugged. "Has a significant other that he might like to bring." He cast a look toward Castiel.
"All right then, son. Have fun." Bobby turned back around, and Dean breathed a sigh of relief. At least it hadn't been Ellen or Sam. At least it hadn't been Ellen or Sam. He fled out the door, not caring if it slammed behind him. When he reached Baby, he stroked her hood and got in the car. He'd park it somewhere safe later. He checked the glove box...sure enough, his dad's favorite shotgun was still in it.
Jess pushed the button that would let her be heard by all of them and said, “We hear you. And we see the salvage yard. Are you about ready to move?”
Their knuckles hit each other as they both reached out to ring the doorbell. They both chuckled nervously. Dean reached for the doorbell this time, pressing it once. A slightly scruffy man in a white button down shirt answered the door. "Castiel and Dean, I presume."
Sam sat below in the living room, hoping John came home sober. He had to talk to him about replacing his phone. He needed a way to communicate with Dean. Plus, Jessica Moore had asked him for his phone number. He had given her the house phone, telling her his cell was broken (not a lie) and that he would get it fixed as soon as he could.
Jo makes an appearance. Kind of. I'd like to apologize in advance. Triggers are at the end this time.
Michael came back down the stairs with a frown on his face. Lucifer followed close behind him, completely dressed in light jeans, a green t-shirt, and a blue jacket. Castiel noted his limp and the way he folded in on himself when he reached the couch. Castiel sat beside him and allowed his brother to rest his head on his shoulder. Michael sat next to Castiel and crossed his arms angrily.
Jess laughed. "Yes?" She blushed red and started to turn around to put the camera back in her bag. "I shouldn't have asked, I'm sorry..."
“He said it’s my fault he’s still alive. In our mess of a family. I did the right thing, though, didn’t I?” Yes, of course he did. He couldn’t just let his brother die. That wouldn’t make him much of a brother, now, would it?
Mother shook her head. "No. Absolutely not. If you think I will condone Castiel's boyfriend coming to Easter dinner, you are sorely mistaken."
Lucifer smiled. “Good. It’s time I paid her a visit. Too bad the girl will be in the way. I don’t like unnecessary loss of life.” If he left tonight, that would leave Gabriel, Michael, Alastair, and Azazel to guard the Winchesters. He’d have to get one of them to knock Castiel out and tie him up somewhere while he was gone.
It was true, Sam believed it right then. Dean hadn't asked what Azazel said to him since he was heard asking the first time. "Is it true?"
Jess nodded, dialing the phone. “I have her number programmed. Assuming she’s still in her room, which is not really a valid assumption.” After a few moments, Jess’s eyes widened. “Miss Bradbury? Jessica Moore…from your computer class? I need your help. Can we meet tomorrow during lunch? Awesome, thank you. Bye.” Jess hung up the phone with a pointed stare at Ellen, then turned her eyes on Bobby. “I’m about to lie through my teeth to my computer teacher, so this had better work.”
Bobby broke in here. “Ellen, just let the boy absorb the information. Sam, why don’t you head up to your room. This is a big deal that you just need to take in before we talk about legalities and whatnot.”
Castiel and Dean made it to the Shurley household about an hour later. The Novak car was already there. Dean got out and ran around the front of the car to open the door for his boyfriend. They strolled up the driveway, squeezing each other's hands for dear life.
Bobby looked at him, eyes narrowed. "Not that I'm not thankful, 'cause I am, but how did you find him? He was on the road."
“You know, I’m inclined to agree with you.” Sam’s voice was cold and his eyes hard. “But here are the facts: you need him, and he needs you. You know that, Dean, and that’s why you sent him away. He cared too much about you.”
Instead, he rolled his eyes. He had always been able to get away with more with Azazel. His small ways of rebellion just amused that twin. "And what could that possibly be?"
Dean knew better to protest. He sat in the passenger seat and leaned his head against the window while Cas and Gabe conferred outside. Gabe hadn't said anything to him, just let Cas take care of him. Soon, Cas got in the car. "Gabriel is coming with us, following behind. He needs to talk to Ellen and Bobby."
It was nearly seven. “We do, Jess. We really do. But we need to get you home. Call us and let us know. If this is happening, we will meet down the road from the Novak house at 6 o’clock Saturday night.”
Jess shook her head. “No!” Ellen raised an eyebrow. “Cas said Lucifer has the police in his pocket, and that we can’t go to them.”
Cas's hand slipped into his and gripped it tight. Sam shook his head. "This wasn't your fault. None of it was." He sighed. "Dean, please don't blame yourself for this, too. I can't lose you. Not now, not ever. Please don't ever think I wouldn't do anything for you." Sam's voice cracked, and with it, Dean's heart.
Or, was sure of it until the basement door was kicked down. For the first time in a very long time, Dean and Sam broke eye contact and stared as Michael Novak, followed by Ellen and Cas, barged through the door.
"Dean, Ellen called me about what happened yesterday and asked me to keep an eye on you," she said. She moved to put a hand on Dean's shoulder, but Dean moved away. "I get it. I do. You don't want people concerned about you. You don't think you deserve it."
Ellen listened, enraptured, to Jess’s story. She didn’t interrupt, and neither did Bobby, no matter how much either of them may have wanted to. Jess finished with a desperate, “And we need to save them!”
I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. Unless I receive objections, I AM upping the rating to mature because my plan became a little darker.
Charlie nodded to herself. Three people…she was fairly certain she had enough working button cams and earpieces, though she wasn’t positive. “All right, I’ll run home, get the equipment set up, and meet you at the restaurant. Where are you at?”
They both got out of the car and went back inside. Their father was nowhere in sight, for which Castiel was relieved. He did not want to face him again so soon. He climbed the stairs quietly and went to his room. Grabbing his history textbook from the desk, he sprawled on his bed and started reading the chapter he assumed would be discussed the following day. Always better to keep up. If his father had not been home, he would have played music, but he knew his father would be unhappy with his musical taste, so he didn't.
. And Sam was right, of course. So, naturally, John went to the basement where he kept his liquor store and drank until he forgot about it.
Dean decided he really didn’t want to keep this conversation on his mother. “Cas, you know I didn’t mean what I said, right?”
He shook his head to rid himself of the image and went downstairs. Ellen was down there and Sam had to swallow any thoughts of that night down into himself, lest he inadvertently upset her. Bobby had had to talk her off the ledge more than once after that, always when they thought the boys weren't listening. But Sam kept his ears open for that, so he knew just when to be careful. "Morning."
He wasn't sure how much time had passed before he heard a car stopping behind the Impala. He heard two car doors open and slam, and then he felt someone tugging at the gun. He opened his eyes to see Cas's panicked face. "Please, Dean, let go of the gun."
The call shook him up pretty badly. He thought it would be better if he could talk to Dean, but instead, it just tore at his heart. After he hung up, he saw John’s car pull into their driveway. He weighed the possibilities for a moment before he sprang up and left his house, walking back to Dean’s. He wanted to make sure they both were safe.
“Because they’re in the Novaks’ pocket!” Jessica exclaimed, though she kept her voice low. Charlie deduced she was in a public place from this action. “Miss Bradbury, I just need your help monitoring the rescue. We won’t be anywhere near the Novaks. You’ll still be safe.”
.......................................................................................................
He was finally beginning to accept that his dad's death had been a suicide. After all...how could Dean have expected his father to understand his sexuality so quickly? Or to react positively? That man had no idea how to deal with those who were different from him. He had made his views on homosexuality very clear in the past. Discovering that his son was a "filthy faggot" must have been traumatic. Dean had been the reason for John's suicide. Wasn't it obvious to anyone else? Didn't Dean deserve no less? He had killed his father and his mother. If he stuck around, he might kill his brother, too.
"Thanks for letting us stay here." And Dean meant that, especially on Sam's part. Bobby and Ellen had always been like second parents to them, but he would never have expected them to take them in like this.
Immediately berating himself for showing that much panic over a dinner, Dean schooled himself into a state of calm. He hugged Sam back and nodded. "Yeah. Everything will be fine."
"All right. Let's get home, then." Sam nodded and climbed into the car, leaning his head against the window. Dean drove them home. Bobby and Ellen were waiting at the door for the boys, and they each gave Dean a hug and asked him how his day was. Dean blew them off (for which he felt guilty, but he needed to make a phone call) and went up to his room. "I need to call Cas, guys. I'll be down in a bit."
"Naomi told me you were bringing your boyfriend. It is a pleasure to meet you, Dean." Dean shook the proffered hand.
Dean nodded, and Cas could have missed what he said if he wasn’t listening so intently: “That’s what I’m afraid of.”
"Cas, please." When Dean opened his mouth, blood from his nose ran into it and he coughed a little, sending shooting agony through his already torturous ribs. "Just leave it alone. Sammy and I are getting out. Dad can just stay there without his sons."
Cas found himself wondering toward the end of the day whether Dean would decide to come over. He really wanted to see his boyfriend and make sure he was doing well. After lunch, he had simply gone back up to his room and plugged his earbuds in, doing the assignments his teachers had emailed him that morning. Lucifer had talked to Gabriel for a while, but he and Michael were back in Michael's room now.
Crowley tightened Castiel's tie and stepped back. "Because I fell in love with her before I found out how she treated her "little angels." And when I did, I decided I wasn't going to just let her get away with it."
Ellen smiled apologetically. “I’m sorry, Jess. This is necessary. I’m going to meet with Jody for lunch tomorrow and confirm our suspicions. I hope she can join us…we could really use the extra person to help out.”
He sighed, eating his dinner quickly, not listening to anything happening around him, then shoved his chair back and went up to his room. No one stopped him. Why would they? Training was over. Castiel waited until everyone was in bed before sneaking downstairs. He picked the lock on the basement door and went in, as he usually did at night anymore. He looked at Sam and Dean, who were sleeping, tied to the tables. They looked innocent when they slept, and generally didn't talk or move. Tonight, Sam was muttering in his sleep, saying the name 'Jess' over and over again.
"His name is Castiel, Gabriel, and why exactly is it so important for you to go? Castiel did not tell me last night what sort of problem Dean was having." Their father stood up and made his way across the room, coming to a halt when he reached the brothers. When neither of them responded right away, he asked, "Well?"
Soon, Castiel heard the door open downstairs, and Michael calling, "Castiel! Where are you?" Castiel ran down the stairs, at once terrified and excited to see his brother in this setting again. Last time...no, don't think about last time. His brother was back. His brother was home.
Castiel's eyes softened slightly in response to that, and Lucifer knew it was due to relief. He wanted badly to shatter that relief and force Castiel to keep going, but her knew it wouldn't help. Besides, Lucifer was hungry. So he let them go upstairs, knowing the Rolston would take care of business below.
As they passed the staircase, Michael called up the empty stairs to a door he knew would be shut. “Castiel!” He kept moving, making note of the fact that he now had another follower. Castiel slunk along next to the woman. In the interest of fostering better communication, he said over his shoulder, “Name’s Michael.”
Sam made his way to his bedroom. Usually he hated spending time in there because of the memories it brought back. Games with their almost-sister, mostly physical in nature. Jo had never been one for calm endeavors. This thought saddened Sam yet further. But he was soon able to shake off that old sadness in favor of this new emotion.
For that reason, and that reason alone, Dean was glad he had been the one Alastair was assigned to. That way, Sam didn't have to go through Alastair's screwed up form of fun. Sure, Sammy had to hear Azazel's whispered words, and Dean could hear him crying himself to sleep at night, but at least Sam wasn't in danger of losing fingers. If that had to happen to anyone...it was going to happen to Dean, because if anything happened to Sam, everyone in the building would feel Dean's rage.
Castiel grimaced and opened his eyes. Standing before him in an undershirt and boxers (thank God) was Gabriel. "My name is Castiel, brother, though you seem to forget so often."
He didn't try to justify his leaving anymore. He knew in the depth of himself that his leaving is why John hanged himself. He couldn't handle losing both sons. Though Sam would never understand his father's blatant homophobia, he understood that there was no way John could accept Dean for who he was and Dean coming out like that would have broken their father. Not that Sam minded that. His father had needed a good dose of reality. But Sam leaving with Dean? That would have been the last straw, right? Sam knew he had been the favorite. Even though John wasn't exactly a good father to him either, he had been better to Sam than he had been to Dean.
He went upstairs, not saying another word more to Gabriel, who hadn’t responded to his original statement, instead putting the headphones back on. He went to his room and grabbed his long knife, a gun, lighter fluid, and his lighter. Time to pay Celeste Middleton, aka Charlie Bradbury, a nice, violent visit.
Ellen was digging deep into archives, looking for any record of who Miss Bradbury might be working for. She found information on one Dorothy Baum, her partner, and followed that trail. Dorothy’s apparent murder had never had an investigation come to fruition. But there was a common thread. Someone called Nick seemed to have been in charge of the crime that seemed to be Celeste and Dorothy’s last.
It rang four times before a tired, low voice answered, “Why, in the name of all that is holy, are you awake?”
Not that Dean ever bothered him on visiting days. He wasn't that needy. But it was the thought that if he needed his boyfriend his boyfriend would be there that kept him sane on those days. But now what was happening?
” Ellen cringed at the thought. Owen was so young. He probably had no idea what was going on…and Sean. She hadn’t even tried to talk to Sean in months. For all she knew, Sean could have been missing all this time, and never been reported for fear of his death. Or worse. “That would be extremely bad.”
Gabriel held up a finger, his hand over one of his ears so he could hear better. Lucifer waited patiently until Gabriel finally curled the finger once more and removed his headphones.
Castiel pulled into the parking lot just before 2pm, seeing the modest but clear sign for the tattoo parlour that matched the script on the business card. It was welcoming and clean, but not too new. He’d looked up the place once more online this morning, so he had an idea of which of the artists was Dean, the one he’d spoken to on the phone.
“Why don’t you open up that bottle of wine so it can breath while I finish all this up,” Dean suggested, pointing at a specific drawer. “Corkscrew is in there,” he murmured as he reached for the strainer once again, shaking it a little before depositing the potatoe wedges on some paper towels and quickly shaking the contents of a shaker over them.
He knew a number of men were switches, but he was much more comfortable taking direction than giving it, he always had been. The closest thing to being in charge he was used to doing was getting himself out of his family home. He was thankful, though, that Dean didn’t seem phased, worried, or even a bit put off by his questioning, or by how quickly he gave in to the man’s lead.
This wasn’t going to be a weird morning after. If anything it was more welcome than some of his last few first morning afters. He moved to Dean’s side and kissed his cheek.
“All supplies Cas, just trust me. My phone says there’s a Walmart three blocks away, you can get it all there.” Dean said with a smile. Cas was very confused, because not only was whiskey and junk food on this list but there was a strange assortment of decorations? He thought they were anyway. “If we’re going to be stuck here for a few days because of this snowstorm coming outta nowhere then we are going to enjoy our holiday, Winchester style.”
“Let yourself in when you get to my door.” Dean’s voice sounded from the speaker, only a little bit tinny for it.
“Yes, that would be him. Small world, so to speak.” Cas couldn’t help a little chuckle leaving him, which made him glad that Dean wasn’t tattooing him right that second. It felt good though, being able to connect outside of the job like this with the artist. “Any other siblings?”
Lucifer had separated himself completely from religion, and Gabriel, well, did whatever he felt like. Which meant that sometimes he went with Castiel to the important holiday masses, but mostly he just enjoyed himself and kept his faith quiet. He was thankful he had two of his brothers who not only didn’t judge him, but also understood him.
“My middle brother, well, the one just older than me, is a lawyer, very successful,” Cas said quietly. A number of people actually knew who Gabe was, and if the brother was a lawyer he suspected Dean could connect the dots
Cas hadn’t been in their bed this morning when he’d gotten up, but a quiet search of the Bunker had found him out in the little garden area out back, talking to the bees in the hive that Dean had absolutely not bought for him the day after they rescued him, thank you very much. Finding that Cas was clearly occupied for the morning, Dean had made coffee, fixed some toast, and then turned his attention to the family dinner tonight.
When Sam had pushed them out the door saying this case was one they were well suited for Dean frowned at him, but allowed it. His brother had been more than a little distracted with, whatever little project he’d been working on so he hadn’t argued too hard against this. Sam could use a little alone time he supposed.
When their lips parted a soft little sigh left Cas, not quite a whine, but it wasn’t so far from being not a whine either. He couldn’t believe how much he wanted to just take Dean home with him already. He knew better though; this wasn’t to be some one night stand. Deans fingers brushed against his jaw and then cupped it lightly.
However, all thoughts of the man he’d chosen as a vessel were pushed from his mind as there was heat and wet and suction around the stiff appendage between his legs. Blue eyes shot downwards and widened to see how Dean’s lips stretched out around him.
“Oh, do settle down,” he said with a chuckle, as the little squirrel wiggled around. Clearly it’d smelled what was being cooked. He placed the smaller version of the burger in front of the squirrel. It was still bigger than he’d give a normal squirrel, about half the size of his own, but the familiar (oh he did wish he knew its name) didn’t care, happily grabbing for the burger with his small paws and stuffing bites into his mouth until his cheek utterly bulged with the meat, bread and cheese.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel replied automatically, eyes wide. He was in shock. He didn’t know what to think about any of this.
“Well, if it tastes anywhere near as good as it smells, I’m going to possibly die and go to heaven,” Cas admitted as he moved to put the bottle on the counter top, just watching Dean a little bit now. Green eyes flicked to him, there was another wink.
“Of course, no pressure.” And so, Castiel gave him space. He continued his small magics, mostly related to the plants he tended and those few customers who came in with need of a spell or two.
“Sounds reasonable.” Cas finished his glass of wine slowly now. “So, did you make me wait a week so my back was healed enough for sex?” he asked slowly, cheeks a little pink with this.
“Yes you do, I saw you look over at all of that stuff. We could build a pillow fort or something. What do you think?” Dean was, well that was just absurd, Castiel was very confused by him. He let his brow furrow up and then he cocked his head quietly.
Dean’s free hand moved to cup the back of his head though and their lips met again quickly, this time a little more intensely, Dean’s mouth searching his, feeling him out. Cas wasn’t even a little ashamed at the soft needy noise that left his throat as he melted into it, lips parting easily to let Dean plunder his mouth. The sure feeling of those lips, the soft scratch again of his beard and then his tongue teasing, a promise of so much more. So much that could be between them and yet wasn’t currently there.
“It will be fine,” Castiel said quietly now. Sam likely wouldn’t get himself into any more trouble than he already was, though he was not going to upset Dean with any of it now. “I am feeling itchy again…”
“Family Business Tattoo Parlour, this is Dean.” There was something so comfortable about the tone of that voice over the phone; Castiel liked it immediately.
“It smells delicious in here,” Cas murmured contently, “and I did, very well.” Dean seemed pleased with his reply and then the man was turning towards him, tugging him with one hand into a kiss. Cas melted easily into it, leaning up to kiss him in return.
He took a steady breath and he found the bedroom. He couldn’t help taking a moment to look the room over. There were band posters on the walls and some personal pictures. At least one was of Dean’s brother on the wall. Overall, it was very comfortable; not too clean, not too messy. He took a breath and he moved to start undressing, slowly taking his clothing off and folding it, placing it neatly on top of the dresser since there wasn’t another obvious place.
“Sure. You wanna plan the next one?” Dean offered easily. It almost felt like a test but Castiel found himself shaking his head now, his eyes studying the slightly taller man’s face quietly.
He’d never asked his brother his sexuality, but he was fairly sure Gabriel would have sex with just about anyone from the way he talked about it.
“Oh? What sorta work do you do?” Dean asked curiously, motioning over towards the buffet of food. Maybe he should eat something, counter the alcohol already in his system, he didn’t want to make a fool out of himself in front of this rather attractive man.
“Okay, you might just be a keeper then.” It was playful and easy and it made Castiel feel like nothing could go wrong here. He knew of course that the conversation they needed to have likely would not go so simply. There were things that Dean really needed to know about. He wondered a little too if the artist had his own secrets to share. He tried not to dwell on it though.
He took a slow breath. The air was cool but not cold, and the sun was bright. He tipped his head back a moment. He hoped he wasn’t getting himself in head over heels.
Cas knew he was lost. The way that Dean took him down was thrilling, it made him want to grab onto Dean, to thrust up into that mouth eagerly. Instead, his fingers dug into the sheets, knowing he hadn’t been given permission to touch, no matter how much he ached for it.
He didn’t even hear the gasps around them, the sharp crap of someone dropping a glass but he didn’t flinch. He just stared up at Castiel, watching how his jaw worked, his eyes fluttering a few times. Castiel’s lips parted again, he licked them, clearly nervous and uncertain.
“I love to cook, though I don’t get to cook for other people that often anymore. I learned when Sam was still a growing little sapling,” Dean admitted as they drove along towards the Roadhouse.
“Nope. You mentioned others, though?” Dean’s voice was curious and easy going as he leaned in again. He moved a moment to get a piece of paper towel and lightly wiped at the part of Castiel’s back he’d been working on. It only took a moment and he was back to work.
Not even fifteen minutes later Dean found himself in the roadhouse, two shots in, with a half drunk beer in his hand and he was watching as Ash was making a rather significant attempt to get Jo to dance with him. She had her stilettos in hand, having already given up on them. When he’d arrived Dean had known she would give up on the lovely heels that were part of her Marylin Monroe outfit. Ash had dressed up as Rambo, which made for a very amusing combination as they drifted closer together. He found his eyes floating around the room, easily taking in all of the various costumes featured in the party being hosted here. He found himself enjoying how everyone was really into dressing for the party. Each of their outfits were thoughtful, reflecting the person in them, and everyone had an eye mask, while most of their masks didn’t actually hide their identity, some did. It all went along with the demand that this be a “masquerade.”
It was simple enough to pull himself into the mind of the vessel and find Jimmy, who was in a replica of his living room and seemed content enough to be there. “Castiel…” He paused and then laughed. “It’s strange to be speaking to you and seeing my own face.”
“Please, what?” Dean’s voice was husky, low and playful and Cas dared to peek at him, to see those delightful green eyes shining at him.
Castiel felt a tremor go through him. It seemed like Dean didn’t need a lot of effort to learn all of his sweet spots. The man seemed to know just how to touch him.  The way they came together thrilled Cas: the intensity, the way that Dean took control and drew him through each thrust. The way Dean made it feel like he was being taken care of completely was overwhelming. He got lost in the motions of the way they came together, only surfacing when Dean’s fingers curled around his cock and started to work him.
If Dean was honest, the only thing that had really changed between them was that they were now sharing a bed, and having frankly amazing sex. Oh, and that Dean Winchester became Dean Winchester-Novak. But that was something completely different.
Their hands met on the bench seat not even halfway there and Cas found himself wishing the night wasn’t ending. He knew better though. He was not going to rush this, mess any of it up—he wanted more than just a couple dates, or even quick fucks. He was fairly sure that Dean could tell, and he suspected the other man had already figured out what he was doing to Castiel, but it was worth it.
“Uh, Ri..right.” Dean stepped back several steps, all at once, placing himself against the wall. “I should let Sam know I’m okay.”
“How long? Since a lover? Since a male lover?” Dean asked softly, lips against his pectoral. Cas’s eyes fluttered closed as he tried to sort it out. “I left Naomi a year ago,” he mumbled quietly now. “I...I haven't had a male lover in at least two and a half years,” he admitted softly.
“Your being broody,” Dean announced as the tv remote landed on the stand next to the bed, some sort of animated thing was playing now, Castiel couldn't focus on it, instead his eyes flicked to Dean, to the soft flush on his cheeks and then little soft sparkle of the green, that told him Dean was thinking about something.
“Yes, sir,” Cas said breathlessly, he tipped his head back into the touch on his neck and Dean smiled easily at that.
Dean found himself slipping off to the bathroom, desperately needing a moment to himself. He was beginning to realize what had happened here. “You went and fell in love with him,” he muttered to himself as he quickly washed his face off and then looked at himself in the mirror. He sucked in a deep breath.
“Well, why don’t you tell me, and I’ll give you a sense of if it’s something I would also enjoy,” he found himself saying honestly. He felt a tickle along his spine, the urge to make Dean happy. He knew better, though. He would listen to the other man first. If there was even one thing that made him feel uncomfortable he would end this, he was not going to let himself get hurt again.
Castiel let himself focus on that, on the soft scratch, the way that Dean’s lips smoothed over the skin, the way his hands moved to carefully grip his thighs and coaxed them further apart. It was easy to let himself focus on the new warmth building inside of him as Dean pulled away, making him shiver briefly as air hit his skin while Dean himself was moving, settling between his now spread thighs.
The man’s fingers gently found the sensitive glands and Dean carefully squeezed to coax extra oil out, the touch making Castiel's eyes flare wide and his wings stretch out, shoving something off the wall.
“Don’t get all pensive on me,” Lucifer interrupted his train of thought, and it was a welcome interruption.  “What have you been up to today? I know it’s your day off; I was surprised you weren’t here when I let myself in,” he prodded lazily.
It was two weeks of coaxing before the squirrel didn’t bolt when he brought out food. The only way Castiel was absolutely sure it was a familiar was how its eyes were green. Absolutely not a natural color in squirrels. They were bright jewels that followed his every movement during the day, in the evenings.
“We don’t have to do anything like that yet, if you’re not comfortable,” Dean assured him. His green eyes were soft and understanding.
“A pleasure, Charlie, and I think I’m going to like it here, too,” Castiel agreed before moving over to the desk with Dean, who was checking the computer and typing in a few things quickly.
Castiel found it was something that made him feel relaxed. He didn’t know what Dean’s past was, exactly, with his other relationships, but he could tell the man wanted to make this work. And that was something he could work with, that he could enjoy.
“I do not wish to destroy this vessel’s clothing when my wings form.” He then blinked a few times. “And yes, molt. Old feathers falling out and new ones growing in. I need assistance with it.”
A week later Sam showed up on their doorstep, it was the soonest he could come from Palo Alto, demanding an explanation in person. Dean just shoved his ring in Sam’s face, the match sitting on Castiel’s own hand. He watched his brother’s eyes bug out in delight and shot a wink at Castiel, who just rolled his eyes and went back back to his translation work.
Dean found it easier within two people to just introduce Cas as his partner. Everyone they met clearly assumed it was romantic anyway. Halfway through the evening, he figured out why. Practically every story he’d ever told at work involved Cas in some way.
Dean opened his mouth to reply and then suddenly all the lights in the lodge went out. Dean’s head jerked up and he looked around, peering into the dim light of the emergency lights with a rumble of uncertainty. Only moments later someone appeared with a bright flashlight.
“Thank you,” Castiel said quietly. The words felt strange on his lips, but he knew that he had what he needed: consent. And with that, he returned to his usual state of being and closed his eyes, trying to figure out where Dean Winchester might be.
They had darkened, taken on a slow shimmer, green, blue, purple. Now they were a dark riot of color. Every shade that you could think of glimmered darkly on his feathers, ragged in places, though, thankfully the last time Jack had brought him back had restored them. He’d not let himself look though, not to see how they had changed. Slowly Cas just sagged, relaxed and let himself enjoy being spoiled by someone who loved him so.
The man already knew the worst of it, or at least the worst in Zachariah’s eyes. And Cas would never, ever let him know anything else about his tastes and needs.
“Merry Christmas Cas,” Dean’s voice broke into his thoughts and Castiel blinked a few times before turning his head, studying that beautiful face, this good man, this righteous man who had changed him in so many ways. Dean was sprawled out next to him, the color on his cheeks drink induced, the lazy half closed way his eyes rested. There was, something else though, something about how Dean was looking at him.
“Hey there, Dean,” the woman greeted as she came up to their booth, having come around the bar to join them. “Who is this?”
“Offer to go to my hotel is still open, we can get an uber…” The Castiel murmured, his kiss reddened lips turned up in a playful smirk, he was already reaching for his mobile as if he expected Dean’s agreement.
“How did you figure it out?” Dean asked, his expression soft but worried. Cas was comforted by that and he shifted his weight again.
“So why the hell aren’t you going back up to heaven and asking one of your angel buddies to….er.. assist?” Dean asked uncertainty now, but his green eyes were faintly curious, despite the way he held himself stiffly.
“Do you want to just watch or is talking all right?” Dean asked quietly as he double checked the design he’d created with Castiel’s input, Castiel was comforted by that, sure that Dean didn’t want to mess up the beautiful tree Castiel had decided on.
“Just till Gabriel sorts out an apartment for me,” Lucifer promised, so clearly this return to the real world was planned, it was no surprise to Cas that Gabriel already knew. “I know you don’t really mind the company. So what’s going to be for dinner?”
Castiel leaned down to select some of the fallen feathers, only a few this time, there would be more later. He then stood to move over and tuck them gently into an inner pocket of the trenchcoat, to be later carried to another location. His wings shifted and flicked and stretched again as he moved.
Cas wasn’t even a little bit surprised or upset by that. He chuckled softly at the statement. “I’m not, but I like certain places. Gabriel is the bar addict.” Cas shrugged a little and then considered Dean, studying his face with sharp blue eyes for a moment. “You’ve heard of the Red Room?” he asked.
“Of course,” Castiel whispered, and warmth flooded through him: happiness that wasn’t just his own. Dean hadn’t just come here to be healed. He’d come to be home.
“Whoa, whoa, hold up, Feathers, what the fuck are you doing?” Dean said quickly, his hands up. The human had actually taken another step back, his eyes sliding towards the door like he was assessing his chances of bolting.
Dean stopped walking at that and gave a little tug on Cas’s own arm. He looked up at Dean, the man’s green eyes studying his own face intently for a moment and then his hand half lifted. “I wanna kiss you now,” Dean informed firmly and Castiel couldn’t help the little laugh that left him he shifted closer into Dean’s arms.
“Angels do not, throw themselves in pillows and snuggle.” He managed to get out, uncertain now, but oddly pleased that Dean had noticed even in his state of inebriation that he’d been focused on them.
“Oh, Cassie, how brave!” Lucifer grinned now, putting his laptop aside on the coffee table and turning to look at him. “So?”
He spotted Gabriel with Kali, dressed up as Gomez and Morticia and they were certainly playing up their parts, the shorter man who worked with Sam was absolutely spoiling his wife rotten. The gorgeous Kali pulled off the outfit perfectly too, looking like she was painted into the dress, she seemed very pleased with Gabriel’s attention. Dean allowed himself a moment to admire how they looked, not too long though because he was not in the mood to get in the middle of that sandwich, no matter how fun it might promise to be. Ellen was dressed up as Sarah Conner, a reference Dean very much appreciated and got a kick out of. His eyes were drifting on easily to see what else he could notice.
“Yes, Michael, Lucifer, Samandriel.” Cas grinned as he rattled them off with ease, knowing some people always found it strange. Dean couldn’t seem to  help groaning softly at the mention of Lucifer—probably because of the unsurprising connotations. “And yes, Lucifer is a bit of a black sheep like myself. Worse, really. He likes to play things up, get Dad all excited that he’ll come back, and then disappoint him all over again.”
Family dinner night was a set date, Thursday nights. No matter what was going on they shared dinner that night, even if it meant attending via Facetime, which sometimes it did, with Eileen dragging Sam out every few weeks to keep him on his toes.
“No,” he groaned and then he shifted a little. “I avoided anything after Naomi… till… now, oh fuck!” He hadn’t expected the fingers around his cock at the same time Dean closed his lips around his nipple and suckled. It was like an electric shock through him, his fingers digging automatically into the fabric underneath them. He’d been relatively relaxed before this, but now. “D..Dean…”
Thank the stars he hadn’t actually started dinner yet, because it would be hours before he surfaced again. Dean honestly didn’t mind, not even when Cas blatantly used his powers to get them burgers and fries, or that the milkshakes the Angel had also indulged in ended up  making a mess out of his sheets.
A soft blush dusted his cheeks now and then he blinked at him a little and chuckled. “I am, too,” he agreed at a whisper, “and I’d like to do this again.”
Castiel smiled quietly at the kindness of it. This was something that would take time, Dean was clearly caring about his customers comfort.
“Tease,” Lucifer laughed softly. Cas didn’t mind though, his eyes were half closed in delight now, basking in Lucifer’s clear approval.
Within minutes he had a familiar and satisfactory ache in his jaw. He groaned around him and then he sucked a little harder. He wanted to know what it felt like, he wanted to make Dean come, to taste him. Slowly he sensed the shift under Dean’s skin, the slight roll of his hips that indicated the man was more than willing to participate more actively. It thrilled him, since Cas did like to have his face fucked.
“Sir.” Dean’s voice was low and caused a ripple of pleasure to wash over him. One word and Castiel found himself relaxing into all of this.
It was a business card that Castiel had found somewhere, he still wasn’t sure where from and had the name Family Business Tattoo embossed on it. The thought of a tattoo, something he’d wanted for years, but thanks to his childhood upbringing had never dared to have gotten, had taunted him for days, weeks even before he dared do more than stare at it in the evenings.
“Hey!” Sam pouted and then laughed as she leaned up to kiss his cheek, leaving a soft red smudge from her lipstick. Dean just let a laugh bark out of him as he lead them out to his beautiful car.
//I’m a familiar. I don't care what you do.// Ah, there was the bitterness. Someone had hurt him. Even if he didn’t have a witch, he’d known one, or perhaps more than one.
“No, No, Dean.” Castiel quickly squeezed his hand, stopping him from finishing. “Yes. Yes, I’ll marry you, Dean,” he said quickly, as if he realized his blunder in his hesitation and had to get it out. A cheer went up and Dean swallowed hard, scrambling to his feet, his fingers moving to cup that beautiful face.
Dean glanced over his shoulder and he smiled, his eyes flicking easily over Cas and making him feel a bit warm. “Hey, gorgeous, sleep well?” Dean’s tone was light, easy, and made Castiel almost instantly relax.
Castiel blinked briefly at the human, the faithful man. He didn’t have a reply to that so he pushed forward. “I have an issue which needs to be dealt with, but I am unsure how you will feel about your body being involved.”
“Do you ever get invitations to things asking you to bring your boyfriend?” Dean asked curiously. He had no idea why anyone would think they were dating, but he’d gotten an increasing number of comments about Cas in the last few years that showed others assumed it. His personal life wasn’t something he flaunted at the office, and he knew he talked about Cas a lot, but he hadn’t though it made it sound like the scholar was his boyfriend.
“I refuse to grow my hair out just for one potential party, however…” The man smirked a little and did wink briefly, “yes.”
“I’m going out to the hives today. Would you like to come?” Castiel asked Dean as he tugged on the straw hat he wore when going outside to the forest. He had a small covered case in his hand, planning to collect some honey.
He couldn’t wait for that, though. He was starting to wonder if one of those branches would come to hold Dean’s name. He’d never had that thought about Naomi, and he’d been planning the tattoo even longer than he’d been with her.
Part of him was surprised with how quickly Dean returned, complete with some things from his bag clearly, but not seeming to be under duress. “Sam apparently has things he could be doing.” Dean’s little frown worried him.
Cas smiled and then he moved to pour the wine into two glasses that he found in a cabinet. It seemed almost natural to move around Dean’s kitchen to get into things as he could and help set up their dinner dishes. Finally, though, they were settled across from each other and Cas couldn’t help taking that first bite slowly, carefully.
“Please,” Castiel’s murmured word was like a little prayer and Dean found himself brushing fingers gently against the shimmering light, getting just the softest feeling of feathers against his skin. It was perfect, amazing. It made him feel so good, made him want to sink into them and curl to him. “Dean…..”
“Yes, sir,” he replied softly, enjoying the bright glint in those green eyes. Cas was starting to feel like he could watch Dean’s face forever.
“Very understandable. All right, you’ve got a few options. I have Netflix, some DVD’s, or we can just turn on some music.” Dean turned to put the box down but he gestured at a small TV that was angled for someone settled on their stomach in the chair.
“I don’t want to rush this, gorgeous,” he murmured and then he stretched and leaned down to coax Castiel up to his feet now, their lips meeting easily now, deeply.
“I’d love to,” Castiel agreed and slowly eased himself up now, quietly shifting to sit properly. It was interesting, not exactly painful, but strange knowing there was work there. He knew that the tattoo itself would probably be a bit sore later, he’d done some research on healing tattoos, after all. Dean helped him get steady on his feet with careful gloved hands and then offered him a hand mirror.
Dean finished undressing with careless grace; he was just as fit under all those clothes as Castiel could have thought. His eyes dragged over the lines of his skin, the easy definition of his muscles.Then slowly he let himself look at his soon to be lover’s cock. It, too, was beautiful, and it made his mouth water a little as he studied it.
“I think I’ve already wooed you,” Dean teased lightly as he put some jam on his toast. “I just have to keep feeding you and you’ll stick around.”
“FUCK, CAS,” Dean jerked backwards somewhat as Castiel appeared in the same room as the man. He glanced around the cheap motel room briefly. Clearly Sam Winchester was staying here as well. That wouldn’t do in the slightest; he could not trust the boy with the demon blood.
“No, no, I’m quite fine,” Castiel promised now and then he rolled his neck and stretched, considering how he felt. “Ready for me to settle back down?”
The human just sucked quickly, his mouth working him over, and Cas—his body trembled at it, his fingers going into Dean’s hair almost at once. The man didn’t even flinch at this, only continuing to suck eagerly, now adding motions which Castiel found most pleasurable. He groaned lowly and his hips rolled up some. The chair seemed to be quite stable, thankfully, and he used that to set a good, slow pace into Dean’s mouth.
His fingers gently stroked once more before he settled himself on the bed. As much as he’d love to lay on his back, his tattoo was still fresh and he didn’t want to do anything to damage it. Cas rolled onto his stomach, adjusting his knees to lift his ass up, lubricant on his fingers as he reached back to coax one into himself slowly. His eyes closed and without much effort he was imagining that it was Dean doing this, opening him up properly. He knew the artist’s fingers would feel different, but it was nice to imagine.
“Well, I’m sure you’ll get a chance to find out,” he murmured quietly now, letting Dean see his eyes, see that they were dark, delighted. If the man fucked as well as he cooked, Cas was going to be in heaven. He took another bite slowly now, savoring it and then swallowing.
Within a moment they were on the walk up to the main door to his building and Castiel found himself cuddling into Dean’s side again, enjoying the warmth. Dean stopped them at the door before Castiel could unlock it and he pulled Cas into another kiss, slow, deep, promising. Cas easily leaned up into it, savoring every sweet moment. Dean was breaking it slowly and stepping back far too quickly though.
Dean tapped his fingers to his lips as he considered the contents of the fridge thoughtfully. He’d gotten up this morning craving fried chicken, but he was thinking that chicken parmesan was a better choice. He could make a salad for Sam, who always wanted him to eat a green thing, and pasta, which Cas seemed fairly fond of since his return.
“Yes, it is.” Cas tipped his head up and kissed Dean. It was easier this time, without the audience, with Dean pulling him a bit more tightly to his side. They kissed for several long moments before Dean shifted to lay back on the bed, pulling Castiel with him.
He couldn’t blame him at all. Building a business from the ground up was very much like starting writing a new book. You had to start with a framework, do research and take risks. Castiel was fairly sure, though, that his own risks were not as dangerous as trying to open a business.
He tried not to think about what his father would say, about how he would disapprove and likely rail against it if he ever found out. It didn't matter. He wasn’t going back home for anything more than a visit ever. He took a slow breath, and nodded. “This sounds very, very possible.”
“Awesome. So you said Thursdays work for you?” Dean hummed quietly as he considered his schedule. “In that case, I’d like to make a first appointment properly for you, and before then I’ll email you some different examples of what I’m thinking of doing with it? You approve whatever version you like best, and we can do this.”
He felt the first itch days after meeting Dean Winchester face to face. Castiel could admit he ignored it for the first day or two; he was on a mission. His molt hadn’t been due for some time yet, but time moved so differently down here. And people were strange and confusing, leaving him with no idea what he was going to do about it. Molt required privacy, a secure location, and, preferably, the company of a trusted companion.
“Hello to you, too,” he said as he moved over to the cat and scratched gently behind an ear, getting a purr in return. “I just had a lovely evening,” he murmured and then he scooped up his lovely white devil cat and settled down to cuddle him. “I think when you meet Dean you will like him, too.”
“You know that you move like they’re still very much there you know.” Dean said quietly and reached for the bottle of whiskey again, filling his little cup up. “It’s almost like watching you dance.”
The plates were put in front of them and they both fell quiet as they took their first bites. And he’d be damned if Dean wasn’t right, it was an amazingly good burger. He sighed happily as he snagged up a little bit of bacon that had escaped his burger bun and landed on the plate. He let himself just chew slowly and lazily now as he watched Dean swallow some beer. “Thank you for this Dean…”
Shortly they had refilled their coffee cups, and there were a pair of full plates on the island. Dean settled onto the stool next to Castiel. He reached out to tug one closer to himself and couldn’t resist biting into a slice of bacon, delighted at the crispy cook and how it melted into his mouth.
This friendship lead to moving in together off campus as juniors and eventually moving again after Dean graduated with a good job offer. Castiel just happened to be going to grad school in the same city, so why mess with a good thing? They decided to get another apartment together.
“Dean! You brought him!” Sarah bounced up to them, her cheeks already pink in a way that indicated she’d already been enjoying the free drinks. “I’m so glad! Castiel, it’s wonderful to see you again! Dean really should bring you to more events.”
“Let’s go to bed? The nest will be warmer.” Dean’s voice was low and gentle. Castiel was amiable, after all, this man loved him, and that warmed him more than anything could. He adjusted his wings, keeping them out instead of tucking them away as they lazily moved to settle down. Cas let Dean fuss with the blankets and get them covered before adding one wing warmly to the mix. Dean giggled quietly and reached out to pat the feathers gently. He could tell Dean was tired though.
“Hey, Dean,” he said, even as the scent of cooking food hit his nose and made his eyes widen. “Oh my god, it smells amazing in here.”
He sighed and moved to gently dislodge Abbadon. A week wasn’t a lot, and it would give his tattoo some more time to heal. The curl of excitement in his stomach got a little more intense though, making him realize that falling asleep might not be easy. Maybe a hot shower would help, or a good jerk off session.
He slid from the car and took a breath, letting the door close and locking it quickly behind him. He fixed his trenchcoat around his shoulders and then he moved to quietly head toward the front doors of the shop. Within a minute he was stepping inside, the atmosphere open and welcoming. He could see the artist’s work stations in the back, but there was a counter just inside the door and there at it was a handsome man with a well kept beard and a number of tattoos visible on his arms, his green eyes warm and welcoming.
The darker haired man was quiet and quick to tug it up, reaching for Dean’s own with his other hand. The air felt intensely cooler now that his cheeks were uncovered. Dean felt, more than could see the way man’s breath caught and his cheeks started to warm significantly. “Cas?”
“I won’t break, sir,” he protested softly now. Dean’s head lifted at that, and his cock felt downright chilled at the lack of heat around it. Castiel forced himself to open his eyes and blink up at the man above him.
Dean was gentle but powerful when he kissed, and it made Cas want to just melt into him. Cas gasped softly against Dean now, his eyes falling closed properly and his lips parting gently under the touch of Dean’s mouth, a tingle of delight running through him now. He let a soft groan leave his throat as Dean squeezed the back of his neck—not too hard, just enough to exert some control.
Castiel imagined that he could hear the man moving around in the shop. He was oddly relieved at how quickly he could be fit in, fairly sure that it was a sign from above he had approval to continue with this daring venture.
“I just want to grab a few things from the room, and it will probably make Sam feel better if I at least give him some real idea of what’s going on.” Dean paused and then he shrugged, his fingers full of feathers. “And I should step outside to burn these.”
“Shhh, just let me enjoy this.” Cas rumbled, as his fingers gripped onto Dean’s hips, strong and firm as his mouth returned, hot, wet, taking him deeply. Dean shifted one hand from feathers and into Cas’ hair, fisting up in the dark half curls as he bucked forward into that eager mouth.
“I, Yes Dean. Thank you.” Cas said quietly and then he was surprised as Dean swayed? leaned? into his space, those green eyes studying him so closely for a moment.
“I prefer to go with a companion already in mind,” Castiel admitted, it was usually safer for him too.
“Oh, X-Files, please,” he said when he spotted it. Dean made a noise of approval and turned it on for him now. Cas found himself already relaxing as the man moved behind him. He could hear him snap on a pair of sterile gloves and then there was a cool wetness as his back was cleaned off with disinfectant solution. It was a few moments and some clicking and snapping around before he heard the small motor of the gun start up.
“Cas...Tiel.” Dean sounded out and a curious look crossed his face, knowing it was appearing from behind his mask by the way his brow furrowed. “What is with your family and the religious names. Isn’t your Dad’s name Chuck or something?”
“Hey, don’t, you’re a guest,” Dean said quickly, reaching over to stop him. Cas just laughed softly at him, but he allowed it, sinking back onto the stool without a second thought. He looked at Dean with a soft expression.
“Mhmm, Two-hundred and fifty even, and the balance after the work is done,” Dean agreed and accepted his card to run it quickly.
Castiel figured he’d always be alone. Many witches found companions, familiars, along their way, but usually early. He’d been practicing for years though, years and years by himself. He’d tried to attract a familiar, everyone did, especially when their magic first blossomed.
“No. Is that where we’re going?” He looked curious. He knew of the place, knew it’s general location, but it wasn’t somewhere he’d ever gone himself.
“Talking is fine with me as long as it doesn’t interfere with your work,” Castiel admitted quietly. He could almost hear the smile on Dean’s face when the artist responded.
“I would never abuse you. This is a partnership, not an ownership.” Dean said firmly now and then he took a breath and Cas felt his knuckles rubbed lightly and caringly. It was grounding and it made him feel good, settled and safe. “I had a sub, who was too much. Too intense, too clingy. She swore she was the only one who could satisfy me and I, I had to get away from that.”
“This is amazing, Dean, seriously. Best burger I’ve ever had, hands down.” Cas let a smile danced on his lips, then he took up a potato wedge and he took a bite of that too. The seasoning was just right, and it was buttery and salty in a fun way. “You could have been a chef instead of a tattoo artist.”
“Hey, don’t.” Dean’s voice was firm and soothing and Cas found himself instantly relaxing. “Now I’m going to walk you to the door, and I’m going to kiss you good night, all right?”
“So stop.” The hunter shrugged quietly. He wanted Castiel happy. He wanted him to feel at home, to stay. To Stay with him. It was funny how he didn’t flinch at the idea of any more. Things had changed too much for Dean to hide it, not that he’d straight out said it.
“No, but I think they pretty much expect me to. You were my guest at the event before Thanksgiving….” Dean looked back down at the invitation. The party was being held at a resort just outside of town. It would be a nice thing and they were booking rooms for everyone in case they got too drunk to drive. He’d been planning to enjoy himself at the open bar. Not that Cas going would be any less enjoyable, actually he found a good deal of comfort in the other man at his side.
He wasn’t surprised though that Dean tightened his fingers in his hair and pulled his head back. He let a faint whine out just the same as that beautiful cock slipped from his mouth. He looked back up at Dean hungrily. He wanted more, so he kept his lips parted invitingly, feeling the soft thrum that indicated they’d already gotten a bit swollen from what they’d been doing.
“I meant it,” Dean said quietly now, shifting to look at Cas in the dim light being given off by a pair of candles that had been placed on the dresser in front of them. He studied the soft lines of Castiel’s face in the candle light. “I do want to marry you, Cas, I just…”
It was so easy to get lost in this. Dean took his time, though, both of them were already fairly hard. His mouth moved softly over Cas, exploring the expanse of his shoulders, down to his clavicle. He bit down lightly, not hard enough to mark in any way, but enough to make Cas gasp. His fingers slid back up, the tips brushing over one of his nipples. He shivered under it.
“Dean what are…” Cas found himself cut off as lips he’d often pondered, full and so very lovely were on his own. Cas felt warmth much like that of the drink flashing through him, only it was hotter and Dean was leaning up, pressing more than just his mouth to Castiel’s. Cas’ hand moved to cup Dean’s head, slowly, uncertain even as he let his eyes half close, let himself lean into it, and returned the rather soft kiss.
“You cook? I burn water,” Cas joked with a laugh. Yes, he had a few meals he could make consistently, but not many, and honestly he didn’t have much time to cook with how fixated he could get on work. “Well, I can make breakfast food and sandwiches well enough.” He ate a lot of take out, which lead to him doing a bit of running to counter it, but he didn’t mind really. Running cleared his mind completely.
Dean had very nice fingers, he couldn’t help thinking again; ones that he could almost wish were actually touching him for other reasons. He tucked that thought away quickly once more. Even knowing the man was bisexual, this was still business. He moved to put the mirror down and sit on the edge of the station chair. “You clearly put a good deal of passion into your work,” he praised quietly, watching Dean’s reaction and- the way the man lit up at the soft praise.
Curiously? Maybe testing the waters? Castiel didn’t want to be the one in charge if he was honest. Something about those beautiful green eyes and the way the man spoke made him want to just melt into a puddle and let him walk all over him, possibly in heels if that was Dean’s thing.
“Welcome to Family Business Tattoo. I’m Dean,” he greeted with a rich timber to his voice, the same as the one from the phone call yesterday afternoon, only more clear and rich in person. It made Castiel feel unexpectedly warm inside. He loved the brightness of it.
Castiel eagerly melted into the kiss, tipping his head into Dean’s space with ease, sinking against his firm body. He was currently pleased the man had already picked up on his submissive tendencies, but Dean wasn’t trying to dominate the kiss, or take more control than this. It was gentle and easy and Castiel wanted more, so much more.
“I just don’t feel like drinking alone,”  Dean muttered and handed it over. Cas took the plastic cup and he grunted quietly to sound like an agreement before he took a sip quietly to please his friend. He was very slow in drinking it, in the time it took him to empty the cup, Dean had taken several healthy gulps and refilled his own.
He found himself peeking at his friend more and more, enjoying the warm flush that the alcohol put on Castiel’s face, enjoying how Cas got extra excited when talking about something he was passionate about and his hands would gesture dramatically. The way he licked his lips, and the intensity that his eyes met Dean’s with when he paused in conversation.
Dean was still in his jeans, but the beautiful sleeves he’d seen before were on display, and much of his chest was inked, too. When the man turned to push his jeans down Cas found that his back was tattooed, too. It was beyond amazing to watch how the ink moved when his muscles shifted under his skin.
“Mmm Cas that’s, it’s just one...night.” Dean’s breath jerked in and let out again sharply: a hand was moving to cup him. “W...We have..hours...yet.”
“That can be interesting. Any particular reason why that’s what you teach?” Dean asked casually, but with quite genuine interest.
Normally, Dean is much better prepared for these things. He checks the weather, makes sure they have all supplies and are ready to be in before extremely bad weather strikes. However, it seemed this day, that had started out shiny and clear, was now threatening to snow them in unexpectedly.
It was quiet for a number of minutes as he cuddled Abbadon, the cat moving to settle herself down and get comfortable in his lap, he stroked her fur gently and lazily. His phone chiming startled him and he moved to fish it out of his pocket and checked it. He had a missed message from Lucifer saying not to expect him back tonight, not that Lucifer actually spent much time here. Castiel wondered if the man had already managed to get himself a new apartment and just hadn’t told him.
But his favorite thing was family dinner night. This was something that he’d instituted when the dust settled, after reuniting their little team. When Cas had stopped wearing his trenchcoat all the time, when it got tucked in the closet of Dean’s room and several of his flannels got adopted onto rather wonderful arms, and Sam had announced he wanted to start doing things in a Bobby-esque manner, helping hunters instead of doing hunting most of the time himself.
Castiel nodded in understanding and he remained still as the other man moved to grab a towel from the few things that he’d clearly gotten out when Castiel had been kneeling with his head down. The soft looking terry cloth was spread out on the bed, adjusted after a moment. “Move it if you need to,” Dean murmured, and then he touched Castiel’s hip in a nudging fashion.
“I’m sure I’ll have nights where ’m just as distracted with the shop and tattoo design.”  Dean nodded quietly and then his hand was cupping Cas’s cheek and the professor leaned into it slowly, relaxing at the firm touch. “I want this to work, though, if you do.”
“How about we exchange them and go make out in my car?” Dean suggested, he wouldn’t be able to drive, his keys given up at the door since he wanted to drink. However, he’d left her unlocked, just for this reason.
“So how were they?” he asked, allowing his curiosity to show. He hadn’t been home in close to a year himself.
“The way to a man’s heart is through his stomach,” Castiel returned with a smirk. That just earned him a little laugh though, not that he minded Dean laughing at his poor joke. It was at least partly true, after all.
They pulled up outside of a motel in the little Idahoan city and Dean took a breath as he turned Baby off. “I’ll get us a room.” He said quietly. “You, wanna come?”
“It’s your idea, I’m just glad I could bring it to life,” Dean admitted quietly and then he cracked his neck before checking the time. “Give you fifteen minutes to relax then we’ll finish the lines? We’ll do color and shading another day.” He stripped his gloves off and tossed them in a bin and was flexing his fingers lazily, in an easy practiced motion that caught Castiel’s eye.
However this meant he was inside the Impala, with Castiel who was being oddly broody. They’d been silently in the car for hours, well, not completely silently. Dean had offered to allow Cas to pick the music, Sam would have been shocked to hear it and they’d been listening to the mixtape that he’d made for Cas pretty much over and over. Silly, but it didn’t seem worth it to change the tape.
“I need you to come with me. Now,” Castiel said firmly as he stared intently at the human. He hoped that Dean would understand and just come, but of course that was hoping for too much.
The movie ended and Dean clicked around to find another, there was just something so peaceful about this whole situation that Castiel couldn’t ignore. He found his eyes flicking to the blankets and pillows on the other bed. He felt an urge he hadn’t felt in a long time, the urge to nest.
“I trust it’ll be just as fun as this one has been,” he murmured now, finding it so easy to give Dean this control. Just as he’d trusted the man with his back, with putting something so permanent as the tree he was getting tattooed on his skin, it seemed like nothing to let him do this, to let him decide what their dates should be, where they go.
It really had been too long since a real person, or at least someone other than himself, had touched him this way, and Cas was reveling in it. One finger was shortly two, and now Cas found the urge to squirm rising, to try to ride the fingers inside of him. Dean used that to his advantage, mouth descending once again to suck him almost completely down and swallowed, making Cas cry and his fingers tangle once more with the bedding.
Cas drained the last of his own beer and Dean lay down some cash on the table to pay for their food, clearly knowing how much this should cost. Castiel almost protested but there was something in those green eyes that made him hesitate and then just smile. Within minutes they were walking down the street from the roadhouse, and Dean’s hand was around his own, gently tangling their fingers together. It was comfortable and he slowly leaned against the taller man as they walked, enjoying how easy this was this as they went.
Dean felt his cheeks heating further than just what the alcohol that he’d consumed would cause. The instant fear that Cas was going to reject him washed over him. Dean took a breath. “I...I shouldn’t have….This is too…”
“Planning to poach him away from Stevens?” he asked absently as he attempted to control his bedhead. He frowned at himself in the mirror; it seemed that his hair looked even more messy than before he started.
Four years later, Dean found himself frowning at the usual invite to the holiday bash his company held. Sarah, his boss’ secretary had sent him a cute message, “make sure you bring that handsome boyfriend of yours!” on it. He drug a hand through his hair and shook his head slightly.
“Awesome, I’ll see you then. What name should I put down?” Dean’s voice was cheerful, still soothing, and Castiel let a smile play on his lips a moment. He wondered what this man looked like, he should look at the shops website again.
Cas was kissing him back, warm hands were cupping his face and tipping his head up and warmth surrounded him almost at once as a knee pressed into the edge of the bed, depressing the mattress. Dean’s lips parted easily and he responded eagerly to the kiss. The warmth that he was feeling seemed to pull him closer. It wasn’t Castiel’s arms. He broke the kiss and his eyes opened, when had he closed them. “Cas….”
“Howdy Partner” A low gravelly voice startled him out of his wandering thoughts and Dean looked to his right to see the most intense pair of blue eyes looking at him from behind a designer mask. He blinked and let his left eyebrow go up, tipping his beer back briefly for a swallow before he let his eyes flick down to take in the outfit before him, his eyes going a bit wide in recognition.
Those green eyes, so beautiful, changed at once, joy replacing the fear and Dean practically launched himself, pushing Cas down and leaning in to kiss him again. For several frantic minutes that’s all they did, Kiss. Dean tasting of whiskey, pizza, pie, him. Castiel was savoring every bit of it, afraid he could never have this again.
“What the fuck, Cas? You’ve been MIA for like a week, and now it’s necessary we go somewhere?” Dean scowled and moved to get up. “Let me at least grab my duffle.”
“The same for me, then,” he said, and Ellen nodded before stepping away. Dean just laughed softly and let his feet catch Castiel’s foot more snugly now. “Don’t tell me I just ordered something ridiculous.”
“Why don’t you show me how much you want to taste then,” Dean grunted softly and then he put the most subtle pressure on the back of Castiel’s head and the sub found himself leaning forward, mouth opening more properly to press softly a kiss to the heated skin, the warmth of Dean, the scent of him wrapping around him almost at once. Dean’s cock was hot and hard, and yet the skin so soft against his lips. He let his tongue flick out lightly to the skin to get the first hint of how Dean would taste.
A groan left the other man, fingers tangling now in the hair at the back of Castiel’s head, and he moved his mouth with ease, lips brushing over the soft ridge of flesh so that he could slide them around the head of Dean’s cock. He sucked lightly, not more than a teasing swipe of his tongue, his blue eyes flicking upwards to see the look of bliss on Dean’s face that made a rush of power sweep over him.
Green eyes widened slowly and then Dean drug a hand through his hair slowly and scratched a bit. “....Not really being yourself.” He said quietly, and saw how Castiel nodded his head. “Like the world is one giant masquerade of what, you want people to think of you, or what you need them to think of you.”
“Dude I’ll give you a pass,” Dean said and he lifted his free hand to make a twirling motion. Blue eyes indulged him, making a full turn around briefly so he could take it in. The boots were right, the jacket was properly embroidered, if only his hair was a few inches longer. Otherwise it was perfect. He couldn’t help wondering a little who this was, the mask they’d chosen hid most any identifying feature of their face except for gorgeous blue eyes and lips he found himself wanting to kiss, the voice wasn’t familiar enough for him to place. “So, friend or foe?” He asked with a little playful wink.
“My wings need preening,” Cas informed him, and then suddenly his back felt quite cold and Dean groaned in frustration. He turned around and let his eyebrow go up, as Castiel was looking lazily pleased with himself.
Nodding his head he let himself lick his lips. “That’s where I prefer to spend my time, or, did, before Naomi.”
“All right, if you’re all with me now, let’s talk about care, and when we can book your next appointment.” Dean said, his voice still gentle. It was clearly routine and Cas found his instructions simple and easy to follow. A care kit was set out for him to take with him. Throughout it all there was something intensely comforting about how Dean spoke with him.
Cas wished it was him, that the man was here working him slow and steady. He was so hard already, he knew he wouldn’t last working himself like this. It was easy to let go, to keep fucking himself, pressing the toy just right so every pass made his skin light up with pleasure as he panted into the pillow, just working it until he couldn’t ignore it. Dean’s name was on his lips as he came, clenching around the toy.
Maybe, Cas had found the right one at last, He’d just have to wait and see if a world of books, ink, and laughter was the right place or not. He let himself sink into kissing Dean, enjoying it. They had a few hours before they had to think about meeting up with Sam at the Roadhouse. He could think of a few ways to enjoy that time before they had to get ready.
Dean paused once the beds were together and grabbed for his drink, downing it quickly and shifted to refill it. “All right angel, you’re the nest expert.”
“Uh, how do you spell that? The, uh, Cas..tiel? part?” It was a said a little hesitantly, like he wasn’t sure he was saying it right.
“That sounds delightful,” There was a wink and then Dean felt a hand curl around his own before he was guided towards the door, it was easy to follow. He genuinely hoped that things worked out with Castiel, there was just something about him. Dean would have to examine it more sober, but for the moment  he was going to just relax and enjoy.
“Fuck, so…” The words interrupted him, and he could hear Dean shift behind him “What do you need me to do?”
Cas snorted and then he shifted to tug the duvet up over them some. “Well, then I better help keep you warm,” he teased in return, his mouth found Dean’s again.
//Dean.// The squirrel blinked a few times and was quiet. Dean: a simple name, and yet it seemed quite fitting for the little familiar. //I don’t have a witch.//
“Well, I’m not dreadfully exciting. I teach theology and biblical mythos at the university,” Castiel said lazily. Most people didn’t know what to say to him after that and Dean didn’t reply right away. Then he felt the odd sensation of the gun against his back, the quick, only slightly painful pricks now as Dean got to work. “I work four days a week, lecture two of those days, and research the others,” he added now, still soft, keeping his breathing steady for the artist.
If Dean was honest with himself, after it all –saving Cas from the Empty, again – he actually was okay with quiet. With the Bunker being a home base that Sam ran for younger hunters. There was a pretty steady flow in and out of the Bunker these days, and that included just him and Sam doing their thing.
“Not at all. Tell me about yourself, anything you like. Perhaps about your work?” Dean asked, just gently curious.
“Mm yeah, gotta….get some sauce.” He was not going to get distracted by Cas’ mouth, no he wasn’t, oh fuck he was– those lips latching onto Dean’s ear were more than enough to make him sigh.
“So, we both have some mess to bring into this,” he said quietly and he wasn’t that surprised when Dean laughed a little at this. He leaned up to kiss Dean softly now, thankful that he was taking it so well.
“Now why would I do that?” Rumbled blue eyes, “you’re handsome from what I can tell, smart. And I hardly plan to go poof at midnight.”
He went to put his phone on its charger. Dean’s address had come through by then and he was glad to see it wasn’t terribly far from his own residence, it made him smile and relax at the realization. He replied with a thumbs up and then groped for the charger cord.
Cas breathed in slowly and pulled his wings in slightly so that he could turn to face Dean, needing to see that the man was not freaking out.
“Sorta the idea,” Dean admitted. “Want my customers to feel like they’ve stepped into an extension of home,” he explained with no shame at all. “That’s why it’s just me, Charlie, and Benny for now. Hoping to expand of course, one day. Got some feelers out, do events, that sort of thing.”
Being safe and secure and comfortable enough to nest was a luxury that angels hadn’t had in thousands of years, and Castiel only recently had started to feel he could have, maybe with the Winchesters.
It wasn’t as dizzying as he knew he could make himself, but damn if it didn’t still feel good. Cas caught his breath slowly and then groaned as he tugged the dildo out. It took him a few moments longer to move to clean up, taking care of his dildo, tugging the soiled bedding off the bed and replacing it with clean linens.
“So Cas, you feel safe?” Dean asked happily, his cheeks were a bit rosier than before. Castiel knew the man would probably have a bit of a hangover in the morning. He’d have to find a way to discreetly heal it.
“Yes I do, now SCOOT, before things get worse, I’ll grab the rest of our things from the car.” Dean was reaching for his gloves. Castiel just sighed heavily and then nodded to himself. Phone carefully tucked in his pocket, the flutter of feathers took him from sight.
“Mm, I grew up in the church, like I said during our session, but I’ve always been fascinated by how different religions have different traditions and beliefs, and how some of them are the same across religions.” Castiel let his fingers squeeze Dean’s a little now. “I’m still religious in my own way, but I believe that God is genuinely benevolent and doesn’t care if I am a homosexual or straight or something in between.”
“Nah, but I do work with my hands, I’m a mechanic.” Dean winked playfully at the handsome man and wished he knew if there was a blush rising on cheeks under the mask. They’d made it over to the food and It was easy to place his drink to the side and start filling a plate with a handful of treats. Eyeing some of the appetizers curiously. Ellen had been nice enough to label things with ingredients though, known allergens. Helped him avoid the crab meat in one. But the rest was safe enough to eat.
“Dean is an unrepentant flirt; you sure you wanna be on a date with him handsome?” she asked Castiel with a wink.
Dean sank his fingers into those beautiful soft feathers at the same time that Cas got his fingers around his cock. “C...Cas!” He gasped out, as those lovely warm lips kissed the head of his cock. He sank back against the counter as Cas went down on him, sucking eagerly, using every skill that he had learned over the last few months to drive Dean mad.
“Gimme a sec, Feathers.” Dean was moving to protect the room. It was thoughtful, and Cas found waiting for him to finish well worth it, as Dean didn’t even hesitate to begin grooming him again, taking gentle care of the fallen feathers once more when he was done.
“I’ve noticed you’re naturally quite dominant, and so far none of that has been uncomfortable for me,” Castiel explained and then he smiled a little bit. “My Safeword is Pancakes,” he said simply now, a smile touching his lips. “I am willing to negotiate any other signals in case of being gagged.”
When he returned an hour later, hands full of bags, he found that Dean had brought in all the emergency items from the car, there were extra motel blankets and pillows piled on one of the beds and Dean was sprawled on the other with the tv on. “About time blue eyes,” Dean drawled as he rolled to get up and take some of the bags.
He didn’t miss Father, or Michael. Their father lead his church with an iron fist. They’d all been raised in it, their names all reflected it. Castiel was the only one who actively still practiced their father’s religion since leaving the nest. He attended mass about once a week at a church downtown, and he never missed the big holidays.
For a bit it was quiet between them, though Cas couldn’t quite keep a smile off his face. It was just too wonderful to share this time with Dean. They ate their breakfast steadily and quickly and when they were done Cas moved to get up and take care of his dishes.
Maybe he could teach Cas how to use the Bunker’s old laundry machine later. Right now, he wanted to get very intimately reunited with some feathers.
There was no other word for what it was. It seemed to be formless and yet solid all at once. Dean rolled with it, and when the protection spell hit him, suddenly Castiel felt a link – it was able to feed his own magic into the familiar.
Good. Castiel thought to himself as he moved to put the pizza down. “Here you go,” he said with a small smile for the human who reached for it at once.
“Dean I love you too.” He growled out his hand moving to cup Dean’s chin, thumb brushing his cheek. “I have loved you a very long time…”
“...I think I’m done for now.” Dean said quietly a little while later. “What are we going to do with the feathers?”
He sighed quietly and then finished off the whiskey in the bottle that Dean had pushed on him, drinking it not because it tasted like anything but because Dean wanted him to. He did a good deal just for Dean and he knew it, his heart as it were was lost to this man.
“Well, Thursdays are my day off during the week. Would it interfere very much in my ability to wear a suit?” Castiel asked curiously. He’d done quite a bit of research, but he still wasn’t sure if it would be possible.
“Fuck I don’t want to stop kissing you” Dean was straddling him now and rolled his hips slowly down. Castiel groaned at that, feeling his body respond. It was not the first time that Dean Winchester made him get hard, but it was the first time he’d let him know. “But there is one more thing I wanna do for you this holiday.”
“So let’s see: Gabriel, Castiel, and the others are angelically named too?” Dean asked, his voice was entertained though, and there was nothing at all offending about the question. Castiel was impressed at the easy acceptance of such things, it made him happy too.
Setting to work, Castiel forgot he wasn’t alone. He focused on the task and happily collected the honey, filling jars and humming to himself.
“I’m afraid my studies keep me fairly busy,” Castiel mused quietly, but he gave her a soft smile. “But I am glad to attend this event with Dean tonight.”
“Relax, Castiel. I know you don’t go on dates often, but this guy seems safe enough. I’ve looked him up and everything. Also noticed his little brother is an up and comer to keep an eye on,” Gabriel said cheerfully from on the screen. Cas snorted softly now to himself, shaking his head.
“Good night, Dean,” Cas replied now, watching him turn and walk back down towards the Impala. Cas did allow himself to just watch as Dean got in, the engine rumbling a little louder as he moved to pull away. A heavy sigh slipped from the brunet’s lips and then he turned to let himself in, a smile gracing his mouth as he headed up to his apartment.
“I think we can make this work, though, don’t you?” Dean asked softly when the kiss stopped. Cas chuckled a little and he nodded, letting their eyes meet. He didn’t know how he’d really managed this, he was so lucky.
“Just... be careful Dean,” he rumbled lowly, his head hanging. He was already trembling without Dean even touching him.
Gabriel had left second, fleeing to university and then into law school. The shortest of the five brothers was a skillful negotiator and turned a more than willing blind eye to what Lucifer did in the shadows. Finally, encouraged by his older brother’s success, and his own growing unhappiness, Castiel had left, leaving only the oldest, Michael at home, and the youngest Samandriel, who was still in high school, or would be if they hadn’t all been home schooled.
“If that’s the noise you make when eating,” Dean laughed softly and winked at him lightly, “I can’t wait to hear what noises you make in bed.”
“You are so responsive, Castiel,” Dean murmured against his skin, his beard scratching in places. That was new. He’d had stubble against his skin, but never a beard, never like this. “I love it.”
The instant concern on the man’s face was surprising. Castiel found himself thrown off by it. Humans were so strange, so unique, and their capacity to care was admirable. He was starting to understand, at least a little, why their father loved them so.
He just couldn’t help his own laugh at that, relaxing more now and then he nodded. “I’m sure,” he agreed now. “Anyway, he promised me an amazing burger.”
“Excellent.” Dean put the tablet aside and moved to stand. “Let’s see when my next Thursday opening is.” Castiel slid to his feet, only to blink at a pretty redhead who popped her head up from the next spot over. He recognized her from the shop’s website.
Cas hummed quietly. Dean’s tone and the way he’d just been kissed told him that it was not a bad talk, and they should talk. They both had plenty that needed to be discussed if this relationship was going to continue the way it seemed to be. Castiel was hopeful. “Coffee?”
He listened as Dean got on the phone to talk to his brother, finding this natural, comfortable. He smiled quietly into his coffee and sipped it.
The smell of bacon tickled Cas’s nose and he shifted his weight with a sigh, humming quietly, his eyes still closed. He sighed a bit slowly, breathing in the scent of the bacon, and of Dean, and him. He smiled a little and let his eyes crack open, shifting to look around. Dean’s side of the bed was cool but it was okay. He knew that cooking bacon was time consuming. He was curious what the man had made for their promised breakfast.
Deciding it wasn’t worth pointing out to Dean again that it was very hard for him to get drunk. Castiel did oblige his friend, drinking down a good portion of the fifth that had been handed to him. It warmed him even if it didn’t act the same, or as quickly as it did for Dean.
“Dean…” He breathed, their foreheads pressed together. Dean blinked, there was, a shimming, he turned his head slightly  and gasped, the sight of wings, well sort of anyway, wrapping around him, spreading over his shoulders, from Castiel’s back.
Cas took a breath and then he accepted the mirror, in a few moments he was standing there carefully examining his back with it, a smile spreading slowly across his lips. He didn’t catch the pleasured look that crossed the artist’s face as he admired the outlining that was already done. Dean had made good progress on the branches of the tree and making it still look natural on his skin. It was thrilling.
“Fuck. That was…” He trailed off, then went still, not sure if he should still be calling Dean ‘sir’ or not. He realized they’d neglected to discus a signal for the scene to be finished.
In his head Dean whispered encouraging to him as he opened him up, using one finger, taking his time, coaxing him into more. His breath caught as he started to edge in the second finger now, adjusting the arm he was leaning on to get a bit better angle for his body as he worked the fingers a bit deeper, both of them at once, pressing carefully. A groan escaped Castiel quietly as he worked them deeper.
Green eyes were lazily trailing over him. “No, I don’t think you will.” He smirked and the finger slid all the way, making a gasp escape from Castiel’s throat. “Like it when I’m just a little rough, do you?”
“I’d like to stay with you, if you don’t mind,” Dean said, quietly, as he eased himself back. The man was naked. A very nice naked. The scar from his squirrel body was broad over his shoulder, almost in the shape of a hand. “I’ve been looking for you a long time.”
Dean returned it just as softly, but with a promise of something more behind it, and Cas let himself melt, let himself savor the feeling again of Dean’s kisses, the soft rubbing of his beard against his face. A heated thrill went through him, going down his spine. He adjusted his head slightly to allow Dean to deepen the kiss further and he felt the man’s hand slide up his arm to hold the back of his head. It felt good, and he let himself just relax into it feeling the soft mental repose that came with giving his trust to another person.
“I think I’d like that too Dean.” Castiel replied quietly and then, there it was, the man leaned up and took control of the tension.Their mouths met, electricity darting down Dean’s spine in delight. He found it more than easy to drop into the kiss, to enjoy it, the way that Castiel’s lips became a demanding pressure and took over leading the kiss deeper. Dean was pretty sure his cowboy hat was tipping off the back of his head, he didn’t care. There was a wolf whistle off to the side and the brunet thought nothing of raising his hand to flip off the offender.
