„Right. No one around here seems to have seen him,“ his voice cracked. He hoped Charlie didn‘t notice.
„I would have taken crashing my car if it meant having you with me, Cas,“ Deans voice cracked again. Tears started to fall, dropping onto his jacket, leaving dark circles. It really was fascinating how alive everything here felt despite being dead. Despite being in heaven and not on earth. How he could still hear the leaves rustling, how they still fell to the ground with too heavy of a wind gust.
Standing in the clearing overlooking the lake they stood, holding eachother, basking in the feeling of wholeness. A heavy gust of wind blew, making the lake roar and the trees sing, Jack telling them he loved them in his own way.
Every time the feeling he was left with, in the end, was a mixture of relief and disappointment. They were always strangers, people he‘s never met, people who have never met Cas. He had rummaged through his wallet to get the picture of Cas out so often that day that he decided to just keep the picture in his pocket. No one ever recognized him. And Dean came no closer to finding him.
„I love you,“ Cas said again, smiling softly, his eyes shining with so much love for the man in front of him. With so much hope and contentment and happiness. Final and true happiness.
„I‘m sorry, Dean-” Dean interrupted him „No, don‘t. Please. Don‘t apologize. I-” avoided eye contact, „Me too, Cas.“
Cas smiled at him sadly, his eyes glinting. „I‘ve been looking for you, Cas and i couldn‘t find you,“ a pause „Where were you?“
She gave him an indiscernible look. If Dean were to guess it was a mix of sorrow and hurt. Not for herself, but for him. „You love him, don‘t you?“ She asked hesitantly, her voice barely above a whisper but the words sounded crystal clear to Dean. Like a gunshot right next to his ear, leaving him with a heavy ringing for days.
She gave him a kiss on the cheek before he left, told him to „go get your man- angel.. man“ and waved after him as he drove away with the promise of returning.
They couldn‘t live their true lives while they were on earth but they could begin anew now. They had forever to figure everything out, to have all their firsts together, to fully love one another in a way they’ve never loved anyone. Dean would have never guessed for this to be his ending and beginning, but he was happy that it was. He had Cas and Jack and everyone he had ever lost right back at his side and eventually, even when he hoped it‘d be a long way till then, eventually he‘d even have Sam back at his side. And so would Eileen, and her and Sam could live in a house beside his and Cas’ and they’d finally get to be happy. It would be just as they had always wanted it to be.
„I heard you, Dean. I didn‘t want to startle you while you were driving so I simply came here so you could find me if you wanted to. I stopped trying to run from you. From what I‘ve told you. And now you‘ve found me.“
They talk. About Heaven, about how it all came together, how Jack created this version of Heaven to be one they all deserved. Where they all get their second chance; their happy ever after, for they never could have had that while living. „Cas helped,“ Bobby then added, raising his eyebrows, suggesting something. Deans head shot up, staring back at Bobby. Realizing that Cas was alive, he was okay, him and Jack were okay. Dean missed him. Missed them. Smiling, he looked down at his hands, then at Baby. Another deep breath, then let his shoulders relax.
Until he arrived at a clearing with a wooden cross in the middle. The trees around it had fallen like there had been a nuclear blast. Like an angel had just dragged a human out of hell and built him anew, like an angel had just left his handprint on someones shoulder and then left Dean sitting in his wake. The place where his body was buried after being torn to shreds by hellhounds as his brother watched. The place where Cas first met him, saw him, touched him.
So this is it. This is heaven. Dean didn‘t know what he expected it to look like but he knew this wasn’t it. Somewhere in the back of his head he remembers being told that heaven was individual; a perfect serenity for each and every person in their own personal heaven. This wasn’t that. It was beautiful. And vast. And nothing he could‘ve ever seen before.
So he kept driving. And driving and driving until his hands started to feel sore from gripping the steering wheel so tightly. He wondered if the Cas he saw in the rearview mirror wasn‘t just a hallucination, but as soon as he‘d turn around he‘d be gone.
He kept driving, kept calling out for Cas in his head, silent prayers. His thoughts always managed to say more than his words ever could. Cas had loved him and Dean loved him the same and he never told him, never got the courage that Cas showed. In all their years together he had never told Cas how much he meant to him, how he changed his entire life, how he continued changing his life even now he‘s dead.
And then he vanished, just like that. Thin air where he‘d been standing, just like he did when he left the first time. And although Dean knew he could see him anytime now it didn‘t hurt any less. The missing feeling already coming back.
Dean kissed him then, tentative and barely touching. Cas‘s hands found their way to Deans waist, holding on. Dean pulled away, let their foreheads touch before kissing Cas again, fiercer this time. More confident. For the first time in either of their lives, Dean and Cas finally felt complete. Like they finally got what they‘ve been dreaming of for years, decades, eons.
„I‘m-” he cleared his throat „I‘m actually looking for him. Bobby told me he was here.” He looked at Charlie but his hope was slowly fading when she gave him a sad look. „I‘m sorry, Dean, I haven‘t seen him.“
So he said that that would be a story to be told over some coffee, if she‘ll have him. Of course she did, and of course she invited him in and handed him a mug of coffee before leading them to two armchairs in front of a coffee table. A small tv stood on the opposite side of them. It wasn‘t on. There were a bunch of DVDs messily stacked on top of eachother next to it. The entire place felt so welcoming, so much like home.
„Dean,“ Cas said hesitantly, approaching Dean with careful steps. „Cas,“ he breathed. His eyes stung.
„Why wouldn‘t I want to see you, Cas? You‘re-” A deep breath, pacing, wiping at his eyes „I prayed to you, Cas,“ his voice breaking, pleading  „didn‘t you hear me?“
He wanted to turn around but didn‘t when he heard voices talking not far away. He passed the cross, a shiver running through his body, followed the voices and arrived at a bench overlooking the lake he had seen before.
A scream cut through the silent wings, and Dean pushed himself harder. When he rounded the corner, he collided with another body, barely stabilizing himself in time to keep from being knocked to ground.
“Well, I don’t know who should drink for that one, since that is entirely a matter of opinion,” Cas said, “and I’m inclined to disagree. Mock me all you want, but one ghost was enough for me; I’ve had my fill of the supernatural.”
There was a beat of silence on the other end, like Castiel hadn’t anticipated an answer. But then Dean’s cheeks burned at the sound of a soft laugh. “I suppose I shouldn’t blame you for expecting the worst,” Cas said. “I guess you probably don’t get a lot of good news from phone calls like this.”
Dean finally spun around to join in on the chorus, feeling freer than he had since Cold Oak. As much fun as he had with Sam in Atlantic City, that felt like a countdown, ticking off final moments before he would have to leave his brother for good. But this was just something to do because he felt like doing it—Cas had no idea he was living on borrowed time so Dean didn’t have to feel like every second had to mean something deeper.
“Dean,” Castiel said sharply, dipping his head until he caught Dean’s eye. “I can’t imagine the burden you and brother carry. You give so much of yourself to this job, and you’re only one person. You
“What about the first victim? Was he found in this wing as well?” Dean asked, joining Castiel on the other side of the tape.
Dean covered his face as Castiel screamed, a torrent of black smoke pouring out of his mouth and disappearing into the vents. The real Castiel stirred, whimpering as the pain from his wound flooded into his consciousness. “D-Dean…?” he rasped.
Cas raised his eyebrows, sucking in a breath. “Well, that’s an awfully big question, isn’t it?” He thought about it for a moment. “Of course, different faiths have all kinds of explanations and reassurances. Heaven and hell, reincarnation, rebirth, purgatory, or nothing at all. Obviously we don’t really know for certain, but if you’re asking me personally…I don’t know what I think. I
But Cas reached out and set a hand on Dean’s forearm. “Hey, I don’t blame you for a second,” he said, pouring as much sincerity in his words as he could. And he did mean it. “I can’t say touring the lecture circuit is my true calling, but getting away from the museum has let me devote so much more time to other things, get back to my own passions.” He laughed softly. “I painted something for the first time in years, and I’m writing a book.”
His stomach churned as it dialed, but then a voice answered, “Cassie?” and he immediately felt peace wash over him.
Dean’s hand froze halfway to his open mouth, the tone in Castiel’s voice striking some long undisturbed chord in him. He looked down at the man, who stared back at him with rigid determination despite the fear still evident behind his eyes. “No, it’s not,” he said, the answer coming out sounding something like regret.
Once Anna had said her goodbyes and left for the day, Dean tentatively made himself at home in her chair. Out of the corner of his eye, Castiel watched him twiddle his thumbs, looking over all of the décor.
It was inevitable that the question came up, but Castiel hadn’t prepared a good answer. He sipped his drink to buy himself a few seconds. “Well…I guess you could say the museum and I had a parting of the ways.”
He’d finished the research into the disciples’ death quickly, making notes in the margins on anything that stood out to him. Cas was right in that most of them ended grimly, which didn’t bode well. On a whim, he started looking into other religious violent crimes, but the results were mostly modern figures, leastways not anyone a museum would bother keeping remains of. The only result with any substance that popped up under the search of
“It might surprise you then to hear that I’m not?” He paused and reevaluated, cocking his head. “Well, I guess you could say faith and I have a complicated relationship. I suppose I believe in God, but…” He laughed. “Maybe that’s a bit of a heavy conversation for a guy you just met this morning.”
With a deep breath, Dean gave the question some thought. “Sam tried to do the college thing; he was gonna be a lawyer. But he’s a whiz kid. I don’t really think college has my name on it. But I’m good with my hands. Maybe I’d settle down, work on cars or something. You know, if I had the time.”
The audience whistled and applauded for them, and Dean slung an arm around Cas’s shoulders, both of them bending into a bow. Once he’d shed his stage character, Dean was almost breathless with laughter as they stepped off the stage. They made it back to their spots at the bar, and Dean clapped a hand on his Cas’s arm. “Alright, you pass the karaoke test.”
Dean willed himself to say something--comment on the weather, banter about sports, discuss the news, disparage politicians—anything to keep it from feeling like the conversation was ending. But his mouth was dry, and all he could manage was: “Yeah, same.”
Dean threw out an arm, shuffling Conrad back the way they’d come. “Which apostle are you supposed to be then?” he asked under his breath.
“But seriously, Cassie, it’s embarrassing, sure, but shouldn’t you be happy about this instead? You got him talking to you, and there’s some arguably non-heterosexual subtext in there. Sounds like a win/win to me.”
“Ha!” Though far from intoxicated, Dean could feel the whiskey from earlier settling in with the new liquor. It was just enough of a pleasant buzz to disable his second-guessing thoughts, and without further ado, he yanked down the collar of his shirt to expose the pentagram.
Clinking glass sounded from the kitchen, and he followed the noise through the living room to find his mother standing on her tiptoes to fetch a bottle from the top shelf of a cabinet. He hurried over and grabbed it for her.
They shut themselves up, standing straighter, and Dean saw that Castiel must have approached from around one of the partitions. He cleared his throat. “Uh, it’s just what we call suspects that have disappeared without a trace.”
“Sam…virtually all of the apostles died horrible, gruesome deaths. Do you—you don’t think someone is going to come after the others like that?” He knew the futility of the question even as it left his mouth.
Since I’m sure you were in unbearable suspense since my last email, I must inform you that things did not work out with Art Gallery Man. We went on a few dates, but we just have a few irreconcilable differences. Namely, he’s an insufferable vainglorious narcissist and I’m not him, so I just don’t think I could ever live up to his standards. Aside from being grateful for being rid of him, I’m relieved it didn’t work out. Even before his true colors started to bleed through, I found myself hoping something would go wrong. Maybe I should talk to my therapist about why I’m engaging in self-sabotage.
“Maybe you did, I wouldn’t know.” Dean looked down at his whiskey, licking his lips as the lightness faded from his voice again. “I really am sorry about the museum gig. I guess Sam and I don’t think enough about what happens to people after they’ve been ‘saved.’”
By the time the seminars were done for the day, Castiel hadn’t accomplished much on his own, spending most of the hours being nervous about heading downstairs. Being nervous was ridiculous, he knew, but that didn’t stop him from standing in front of the mirror and third-guessing his outfit. He’d changed into a pair of dark wash jeans, and while he removed his tie, he’d kept his white button up. He untucked the shirt and let it hang, scowled, then tucked it again. He buttoned and unbuttoned the top of the shirt over and over, mussed and straightened his hair, and rolled and unrolled his sleeves.
“What’d you find out?” Dean asked, closing the office door behind him. The hallway was empty, but he and Sam still kept their voices down.
“If it’s a struggle for you, ‘Doctor’ will suffice,” Castiel said, and Dean swore there was the faintest hint of a smile at the corner of his lips.
On anyone else it might have looked stupid, but the wings suited him. Unlike the hard black lines in most angel wing tattoos, Castiel’s were soft, like brush strokes, with feathers in bold rainbow colors. They spread out from between his shoulder blades, curving up and spilling out on to his shoulders, as if they could unfurl when he raised his arms. Spanning the entire top half of his back, it looked like Castiel had turned his body into a canvas for an oil painting.
“I’ve hardly managed it by myself,” she said after thanking him. She fetched a bottle opener while Castiel got out two glasses. “And even with the help it’s been hard, but…” She sighed. “Well, I know it’s supposed to belong to your father’s side of the family, but I couldn’t let it go.”
Sam held up a hand. “Hey, I’m not arguing. I wasn’t gonna say anything, because I wasn’t in the mood to hear all your nerd jokes, but I’m kinda looking forward to it. You just surprise me a lot recently. That’s all.”
His mother let out a little sigh, and her voice softened when she spoke next. “I always thought it hit you hardest when he left. The girls were too young to really remember, and your brothers liked to pretend nothing could hurt them. But you, my sweet boy…well, there are many reasons I will never forgive that man, but I can never forget the way you looked at me and asked why he left.”
“Oh, come on,” Dean prodded, swatting Cas’s shoulder with the back of his hand. “Don’t tell me you’re
Dean charged down the hallway, almost trampling a woman in a green coat walking the opposite way. He mumbled an apology, forging ahead to the elevator where he smashed the call button. To his relief, it opened right away, and he stepped inside, waiting for the doors to close before he pressed his palms to his eyes.
“It’s not a TED Talk,” Dean said, “it’s a conference. And there’s supposed to be some demon experts speaking. I mean, sure, it’s people who think all this crap is theoretical or theological or whatever…” He looked over at Sam. “But the Devil’s Gate has been opened for a couple months now, and we don’t have the Colt working; shouldn’t we be trying to learn as much about what we’re fighting as we can?”
—but the shame burned too hot to acknowledge it. Before he went out of his mind in the silence, he pulled out his phone and dialed his mother.
“St. John, St. Isidore, St. Gerard, Paschal, Hamon, Stanislaus, Francisco…” he read under his breath, squeezing his eyes shut as he tried to recall what he knew about them. “Francisco is too young, he died as a child from the flu epidemic. Um, John Bosco died in the late 1800’s, well into his old age I think.”
Driving back to Bobby’s place from Salt Lake City was deafeningly quiet. Dean blasted music over the long stretches of monotonous highway, cranking it back up every time Sam tried to turn it down. The conversation that needed to happen hovered between them unspoken, Dean’s eyes glued to the road ahead.
“What? What happened?” Sam asked. Dean could imagine him sitting up straight, instincts kicking in as soon as he heard the tone of Dean’s voice.
Castiel thought back to the museum, to all the telltale signs that the Winchesters looked for. “In those moments where you think you see him, does the room feel…colder?”
Scrunching his eyes shut against the pain, he tried to forget the staggering sensory onslaught of the demon invading his body. The rotten smell still stuck in his hair, and the burning coppery taste sat in the back of his throat. The woman who’d knocked on his door must have been a victim as much as he was, but he could only remember her devilish smile and the malicious glint in her eyes.
. When Dean left him on the steps of the museum that night, he was fully prepared never to see him again. It was either a small world or an act of fate to bring them together again like this, he thought. As an artist, the notion of fate was romantic in a way, like getting a peek at the brush strokes of the universe’s grand design. The thought made him smile as he tossed his things on the table in his room.
“First of all, darling, let those among us who haven’t sent a drunk text be the first to throw stones.”
Thumping his head back against the window rather than acknowledge the tears forming at the corners of his eyes, Dean tried to find a way to put it into words. “I’ve got a matter of months left, Sammy,” he said, “and I know--
“Not to make you feel un-special, but this line of work gives us lots of ‘cousins,’” Sam said with a half-smile. He looked over at his brother, but Dean was looking at the floor, the wall, the monitors—anywhere but at Cas.
But Dean only raised his eyebrows in acknowledgement, and an awkward hush fell over them. After a minute, Castiel looked sidelong at Dean and took a deep breath, and like a wall coming down between them, he set his article aside and angled his body to face Dean. “Can I…say something?”
The look on Cas’s face made Dean think no one had ever done him a favor before, which he figured couldn’t be true—a cushy lifestyle and a face like that? Surely he was accustomed to being showered in acts of kindness, and he struck him as the kind of guy who had a lot of good karma stored up for a rainy day. “Thank you,” Castiel said, his gravelly voice a touch softer. “A coffee would actually be incredible.”
“Yes, goodbye, Dean.” He hung up and hugged the phone against his chest, mind flitting between a strange euphoria and an eerie restlessness. Hearing Dean’s voice again, even talking about business, made him feel lighter, happier. He knew that he missed him, but he didn’t realize how much until he sounded so far away.
Dean’s head whipped toward the window. He looked back at his partner, and even if he couldn’t understand it, Castiel watched a whole conversation take place in that glance. Sam snatched their marked-up list off the desk and rushed out of the room. Dean lingered behind just long enough to put a hand on Cas’s shoulder, gesturing earnestly with his other. “Stay here.”
“You shoulda seen the kid after those lectures,” Dean said. “He’s back at our motel probably making color coded binder tabs for all his notes.”
Under any other circumstances, Castiel would be thrilled at the idea of putting his hobby to practical use. But the idea that someone was using angels to justify murder made him sick to his stomach. The rune burned onto the flesh of Ezekiel and Jonah had all the hallmarks of Enochian, but it wasn’t a particular word he could name. He pulled out two different notebooks from a drawer in his desk and flattened them open.
Ice flooded Castiel’s veins. Dean’s voice pounded in his ears, but all he could focus on was the grotesque sight of the
“Hey, in my defense, if you’re committing a crime, even if it’s for a good reason, it’s smart not to parade around with your real full name. And how many FBI agents are brothers, huh? Agents Winchester and Winchester? Like a damn sitcom.”
For a moment, a fond smile broke through the cloudy skies of Anna’s expression. “You’re sweet, Cas. But your protective side is bordering on smothering—I didn’t get a word in out there, and I can look after myself.”
“It’s kind of complicated?” Cas shrugged. “Just like the other times, the security footage was ruined, so they didn’t have anyone they could implicate with direct proof. But without an arrest made for the killings, there wasn’t anyone to pin the damage on either. And with all the broken displays and the destruction of the relic, the museum had to make some kind of statement.”
Dean wheezed, but recovered enough to tell Sam to shut up before he left the room again. He readjusted himself on the couch, sitting up to angle the computer screen away from Bobby at his desk.
Students packed up their belongings and filed out, but Castiel called out to one of them before he could take his leave. “Alex? Do you mind taking a moment to speak to me?”
Cold sweat pricked the back of his neck, and he knew at once what Sam had done. But his brother slept, sprawled out on the other bed, still breathing. A reckless hope sprang to mind before he quashed it down, terrified to give it life. Instead, he let his observation go unspoken, waiting for Sam to bring it up, to confess, to confide. But their irascible silence stretched on, and as glaringly obvious as the missing bullet was, neither of them seemed intent on being the one to bring it up first.
“Man, don’t jinx it.” The car doors creaked shut, and Dean plodded into the motel room, yanking off his tie. He called dibs on the shower and finally shed his suit, dropping it into a heap on the floor. The water ran scalding hot, but he stepped in anyway, letting it run like cleansing fire over his skin. He scrubbed at his face, closing his eyes and facing up into the stream.
“It might be for the best to keep that question to yourself then,” Dean told him, and Castiel took the ominous hint.
Alex stayed another half hour as Cas tried to ease his mind and subtly pry for more information. When he finally left and Cas packed up his work to go home, he could only think of one solution.
A crawl of headlights in the window diverted his attention. This time, the light was turning into the lot. The sun had dipped too far below the horizon for him to make out the driver’s face, but a part of him just knew all the same. “Conrad.”
“You ever think about staying in a hotel where the sheet thread count is at least in the triple digits?” Dean said, tossing his bag on to the bed nearest the door.
She squeezed his hand back. “You and your siblings were always the worldly types—I knew you would fly the coop eventually. But it wouldn’t hurt you to call every now and then,” she scolded him with a teasing glare.
A flash of headlights swept through the room as another car left the parking lot. There were only a handful left, most of them probably belonging to the security night shift. With the size of the museum and the various staff, they would never be truly alone in the building, but that didn’t prevent the tingle from running down his spine.
Dean’s hands clenched. “Man, I…I’m so sorry. I even made a stupid joke about leaving you to clean up our mess. That’s not fair, we should’ve—”
The words died on his tongue as he turned to look for Dean, instead finding himself a breath away from the saint. The man’s black eyes bored into him, the gray pallor of his skin darkened by spidery veins. Castiel flinched as the figure raised its arm, and some unseen force shoved him back against, his head cracking through the thick glass display window.
The agents muttered quietly to each other at Anna’s desk; they were combing through the list he’d made, crossing off names and circling others. Castiel didn’t hear the criteria they were searching for, but it gave him hope that they seemed to be on to something.
I’m trying not to count the days since I emailed you first, always reminding myself that there’s a chance you’ll never respond. And that’s okay—but I like to think you’re reading these wherever you are.
“If it would help,” Castiel interjected before Anna could answer, “I could walk you through the exhibit while Anna answers questions.”
“From what you told me before, it sounds like Dean had a lot on his plate before, up to and including possibly wrestling with his identity. I’ve watched more than one of my children undergo that kind of journey, and you know it doesn’t happen overnight. Maybe it took him the summer to realize he’s ready to accept that part of himself.”
“Only one person in the whole world calls me that,” he said, grinning. He ducked out of the hold and turned around, welcomed by her genteel smile. “Hi, mom.”
“It was these two nuns,” Dean continued, the words starting to stick in his throat, “they’d killed themselves after people found out they were, you know, together.”
He fiddled with a button on his vest as he strode past the spotty groups of attendees who didn’t spare him a glance. It was a grim twist of fate that museum attendance had actually spiked since the murders; Castiel supposed it only proved that there was no such thing as bad press. A guilty knot tightened in his stomach for even considering an up side to all of this. But the fact remained that with the new exhibit on hold while the investigations panned out, Castiel’s career could use any saving grace it could manage.
He ended the call and immediately searched for Conrad’s number. It barely cycled through one ring before it sent him to voicemail.
“You and your brother saved my life. You made it possible for me to worry about being strong for myself; give us a little credit, yeah?”
So sorry for the huge delay T_T If it wasn't obvious, I have caught up with all that I had pre-written. The gloriously misguided goal of being able to churn out a chapter each week regardless has clearly not worked out for me, but this chapter was particularly troublesome. I also started work again, so that's another point against my time management. The intent to finish is still very strong, and I have a framework to get us there--please just be patient with me as I eek away at it.
My scar healed cleaner than I expected, and I have to say I’m a little disappointed. It’s not exactly the battle scar I envisioned. Do you think I can still use it to impress women? I’m crossing my fingers that the next time I have a brush with death I get a scar in a place that’s more socially acceptable to show off.
Castiel looked back and forth between them. “Knowing what kind of horizons you sail, I’m a little afraid to ask if this is for research or for fun.”
They swam through the current of mingling bodies, one door to the ballroom propped open just ahead. Dean checked his watch, ignoring the stupid butterflies in his stomach. Sam whispered ‘excuse us’ as they slipped by a group of priests into the ballroom, the lights dim to better project the presentation on the giant screen at the front of the room. The speaker was tying up his lecture, clicking a remote to cycle through images of angels and round, runic symbols. They stood at the back to be as undisruptive as possible, and Sam squinted up at the speaker.
An email from a student brought a dark cloud over his parade one afternoon though, and Castiel was surprised to see him in class after reading it. He watched him throughout the lecture, diligently taking notes even as his eyes glazed over and he sat limp in his seat.
He opened the door and put a hand to his forehead, then swept his fingers through his dark hair. “I’m so sorry. I know I just said I wouldn’t leave you alone, but something feels off about them. Especially Agent Bulsara. I didn’t like the way he was looking at you.”
His vision went fuzzy, and he slumped to the ground. Dean’s voice sounded miles away as he shouted his name. The chilly air braced his lungs, and he fought against the urge to pass out. Another pair of thundering footsteps approached from the other side, and he could make out the shape of Sam swinging his crowbar like a knight wielding a sword.
Castiel nodded. “Does that…mean something to you? I don’t mean to doubt your methods or anything, but I don’t understand what this has to do with catching this killer.”
“Believe me, there’s nothing good that comes out of that line of thinking. There’s no shame in going home and leaving this to the professionals.” Dean peeled the wrapper off half his own granola bar.
“Of course,” she replied in her best customer service voice. “If you follow the crowd down this hall, the main ballroom will be on the right; you can’t miss it.”
If he didn’t know any better, he might have thought Castiel was blushing. Cas stood up and unbuttoned his shirt, and Dean’s breath caught in his throat. “Don’t laugh,” Castiel said. He turned around and slid his shirt off his shoulders.
Of course, that was only the first of the problems plaguing him. But he had to start somewhere. “I…fuck,” he whispered, rubbing his eyes. “I didn’t bring us to Salt Lake City for the stupid panel, alright?” It came out angrier than he intended, but Sam kept a cool head.
He made his way along the wall, most of the audience clearing out in search of refreshments before the next seminar. By the door, two individuals caught his attention for how much they stood out. It took his brain a couple seconds to process who he was seeing, but when he realized, he broke out into a grin and picked up his pace. “Dean? Sam?”
They hovered around New England for the next few days, scouring the papers and the news for any hints of another case. Sam still managed to leave his laptop open and unattended every now and again. He took lengthy walks to the vending machine or spent an uncharacteristically long time in the shower, giving Dean the opportunity and privacy to check his email without either of them having to say a word.
“No, it’s fine,” Dean said. Cas could tell his voice was guarded, and by the rumbling in the background he assumed Dean was on the road. It was a safe assumption that Sam was in the car with him. “It’s good to hear from you. Is everything okay?”
Dean returned with Agent May and pointed out the list she’d handed over, and his partner snatched it up. Castiel jumped when he slapped it down on the desk, finger pointing to the top of the list. “Here, I was right,” he said. “In the play, Jonah was playing the apostle Peter. Which fits, because in reality—”
“This oughta be good,” Dean said, but he went along with it, ears straining for the first notes to find out what Cas’s idea of a joke was. When it kicked in, he shook his head but couldn’t fight the smile as the unmistakable bass line of “Another One Bites the Dust” thumped through the room. He looked at Cas who was bobbing his head to the beat.
But this was about more than just Cas calling for kicks; he thought about Alex and pressed ‘call.’ The line rang a few times before a deep, gruff voice answered, “Hello?”
He ran a hand through his hair, walking back over to the table to grab his glass of water. Dean’s empty shooters felt like salt in the wound. Taking a long drink, he tried to decide what he was meant to do now.
Sam chewed the inside of his cheek, then turned and grabbed his jacket again. “I’m gonna see if I can find a library.”
If it were only a temporary word. Like how Sam had just gone to the library, but he’d be coming back. Or even if it was just directional, like how Robert Plant was planning to ramble on, gone around the world to find his girl.
“Hey, what happened? I got your text, are you alright?” he asked, letting her squeeze him tight for a moment before she pulled back to look at him.
He's fiddling with the call button on his bed, thinking of buzzing an aide to find out where Dean and his pup are, when a soft knock on his door grabs his attention.
Looking at his family now though he knows it was the right one and he wouldn't change it for the world.
Emma doesn't speak, she just pushes the plate away from herself a bit, and it wobbles unsteady at the edge of her lap for a moment.
Above him circling in the clear blue of the afternoon sky in graceful loops is Castiel. His big black wings catch the light, like an oil stain in the sun, as he glides through the air. Normally the sight would be awe inspiring, even after the last two years since they had tied the proverbial knot, the sight of Cas' wings could still throw Dean into an embarrassing stupor.
The kids are unusually quiet in the backseat on the short ride to Bobby and Ellen's. When they start to hop out Dean has a sudden feeling of panic and calls out to them.
"Yes Dean, I'm more than sure. There's nothing I'd like more than to spend tonight in your arms and to wake up with you in my bed."
Castiel, who the hunter chose to be bonded to for life, the angel who gave up eternity for him, who called his wings beautiful, who has his own set of wings Dean has never even laid eyes on.
gone well so far was introducing Emma to his uncle Bobby and aunt Karen. Dean had only been 13, Sam 9, when their father John had decided keeping track of two young boys was getting in the way of his drinking. One afternoon, John dropped Sam and Dean off with Bobby and put them in his rearview mirror without so much as a glance back. Dean had been angry, angry and hurt with no real outlet but the people around him, and he knows he gave Bobby
"Of course Dean, whatever would be more comfortable for you. You get around so well with your crutches, it's easy to forget how fresh your break still is."
Alright what do y'all think? Cas' heat is different this time around. Do you think it's just his boosted hormones or could something else be coming into play? Will he make it through all 3 days of his heat?
Alpha. She's a single mom, and the pup you saw is hers, and I've been watching her while Nora looks for a reliable daycare. I certainly haven't felt much like laughing since you left, but that pup is one of the only bright spots in my life right now, and I'll take what I can get."
"She's a good eater and healthy as a horse! Her apgar scores were 8/9. She's 7lbs 4oz and 20 inches long. She'll be a nice strong Alpha."
That night, Dean slides into bed feeling oddly upset even though they hadn't talked in almost 5 years now. Still, he's able to fall asleep rather easily thinking that would be the last of it, a weird story to tell his buddies when he went out for drinks.
The rest of the day passes uneventfully. Dean carries in the bags, and Emma wakes up before he's done, and they change her room from princess to sharks. Dean packs the princess stuff away in the linen closet until he can figure out what to do with it. They make a picnic lunch to eat while they sit under the shade of a willow tree in the backyard. A blanket under them with peanut butter sandwiches, fruit, and pretzel sticks spread out in easy reach. Dean had gone with a classic pb&j, but Emma had turned up her nose until he managed to coax her into admitting she preferred pb&honey, which honestly Dean found a little weird. It just sounded so thick and sticky.
. He thought he'd taught Adam better than that. It was the number one rule: never talk about what happens at home, with
Things with Dean may not be exactly what Cas has been hoping for, but as they drive down the road towards Dean's house, Cas knows he wouldn't trade this time for anything.
Dean snuggles into his side instantly and, despite being sweaty as all hell, Cas gathers him in his arms. They lay there together basking in the afterglow until the feeling of drying sweat makes Dean squirm. They end up in the shower, taking advantage of Cas' superior water pressure to take their time washing each other and kissing in long slow drags under the warm spray of the water.
Big thank you to @Beatrix_Kiddo as always for betaing and thank you so much to everyone that's been reading along. It means the world to me.
Finally, after the last wave of come has emptied from Cas' balls, the Alpha releases Dean's neck, his rough tongue running across the bite to clean it. Cas nuzzles into Dean whispering sweet words of praise.
"Cas, I promise you I loved every second of that, and for the record, next time if you want to come in my mouth, I will swallow every drop." He gave Cas a wink, and the dark haired man had groaned as he felt his spent dick give a valiant twitch of interest. Cas was a relatively young guy in his prime, but even he needed at least a few minutes before round two.
The silence coming from Cas is more telling than any kind of excuse he could have given Dean. He raises one eyebrow as he stares his husband down.
"Holy shit, Dean. I don't even know what to say man. When does she get there? You did agree to take her, right?"
Castiel had been devastated. Having spent his life sheltered from anything outside of his parents’ own views at the time, there had been no way to know the truth.
Chapter 7 is here! We are in the home stretch now y'all. One more chapter and an epilogue is all that's left.
Cas is not even pretending to give Dean privacy, openly staring at him with raised brows as he talks on the phone. Suddenly, Dean pulls his phone away from his ear and smashes his finger against the mute button before turning to Cas.
The soft sounds of an acoustic guitar fills the air, his cell phone letting him know it was time to get up. Cas heaves a sigh and rolls from his bed, snatching his glasses from the nightstand and sliding the thick black frames onto his face. He shuffles out to the kitchen, still in his sweats and an old soft t-shirt with "Save the Whales" splashed across the front.
Dean drops gentle kisses along Castiel's neck, making little shivers shoot through the hunter's skin.
"Is everything alright, Dean?" Cas is looking at him with concern, a baby carrot forgotten halfway to his mouth.
Smiling, Cas leans up to get a real kiss, cupping the side of Dean's face to keep him in place just a little longer, only stopping when Emma starts to make fake retching sounds.
The room is bright when Dean wakes slowly to the feeling of fingers running through his hair. He hums happily and leans into the touch. The fingers start to pull away and he tries to follow them but cracks an eye when he hears a low chuckle. Cas is sitting on the edge of the bed watching Dean, so he shuffles over to rest his head on the other man’s thigh.
The phones have been ringing off the hook since 6 a.m., much to Castiel's displeasure. A normal day might see one or two calls come in from a hunter needing their fake FBI or other government credentials verified, but with a full moon falling on the same day as the summer solstice, there were dozens of hunts happening simultaneously across the country. Every hunter worth their salt had their hands full this weekend.
Jack's been deemed perfectly healthy and can finish his stay in Cas' recovery room until it's time to head home.
see the moment Emma climbed onto Bobby's lap, his big arms going around her to keep her steady as he showed her how he used his knife to carve the shape of the horse's tail.
"You're doing beautifully, Dean. A little more practice, and you'll be even faster than me. Okay, I'll leave you to it and get started on the onions."
"Jesus, look at this monster. Wish I could taste you Cas but we'll have to save that for another day." Cas shivers at the thought of "another day" while Dean reaches for one of the condoms and easily rolls it down Cas' length. They're purple because they were part of a rainbow pack Gabriel had given Cas as a birthday present that had also included a subscription to a flavor of the month edible lube club. Cas feels a little ridiculous until Dean leans forward and swallows the swollen head of his dick, sucking lightly and letting his tongue play along the underside of his shaft. Even with the condom between them, Cas can feel the heat of Dean's mouth like a brand on his skin. Green eyes watch him through dark lashes as Dean works his head up and down Castiel's aching cock. Cas can't look away from the sight of Dean's perfect lips stretched so wide around his length, they've gone white along the edges. Dean's drooling down his dick as he bobs his head, making obscene slurping sounds and it's all too much. Cas has to push him away before he blows his load too soon.
About being there for him and he doesn't want to put any of his own shit on top of whatever is going through Cas' head.
Lenore is bouncing all around them. Dean's not sure if she has really grasped what's happening or if she's just feeding off the energy of the group.
Also I forgot to say this before by the story title comes from the John Lennon song of the same name.
Cas knows the problem must be him. Even though he's been told numerous times he's in good health and for the time being still fertile and able to conceive, Castiel has convinced himself someone must have made a mistake somewhere. Maybe he'd already waited too long and his age was keeping him from having a pup after all.
"Wondering what it would be like to put a pup in you." He blushes deep but admits his thoughts anyway. It was something they'd have to talk about eventually anyway.
Dean watches as Cas demonstrates on his own carrots before looking at Dean with an encouraging smile. Concentrating hard, Dean attempts to imitate what he'd just watched Cas do, but his knife feels clunky and awkward in his hand, and his carrots end up skittering across the counter and onto the floor. Cas laughs when one piece shoots out hard enough to hit him in the chest. He catches the little orange chunk easily and pops it in his mouth.
Still, he adds the bubbles and drops in the toys, letting the water from the tap run over his fingers to check for temp. It feels good to him and, eyeing the water level, Dean cuts off the taps and steps back.
Emma shrugs, but Dean figures food is a safe bet for both of them. Standing up, Dean offers his hand and is more than a little surprised when Emma takes it. It has all kinds of feelings swirling inside his chest that he tamps down hard.
"Cas!" The panic in his voice is evident even though Dean isn't sure if he spoke the word outloud or yelled it directly into his angel’s head.
Castiel was so focused on what he was going to say to Dean that it took him a minute to notice the woman sitting in Dean's chair.
Dean pulls away to let Cas dig through the small table on the side of his bed until he holds up two foil packets and an almost empty bottle of lube triumphantly. Cas squints at the back of the condoms for a long moment to check the expiration date before he deems them acceptable and hands them over to Dean.
"Let's start with introductions. Emma, sweetie, can you look at me for a second?" Emma shakes her head no and keeps her eyes firmly planted on the ground. Victoria sighs but pushes onward.
Dean, likes his humor and the gentle way he treats his daughter like a person, likes his thoughtfulness, likes the way he talks about his car, likes the way he listens to Cas go on and on about his art without losing interest. And yes, Cas even likes his beautiful fucking face.
After getting dressed and making some tea, Cas had settled on the couch to relax and maybe talk his mind back into sleeping. He's only half way through his tea when he hears a shuffle from the hallway. Emma comes around the corner dragging Dog and the blanket from her bed behind her.
Dean shakes his head firmly, repressing a shudder. He'd done the bar scene in his early twenties, but after the shit show that went down with his ex Lisa, he couldn't stomach it. A drink here and there at the old Roadhouse before the crowds was about all he got up to these days.
He starts the kettle and pulls down his "World’s Best Dad" mug from the cupboard. The kids had made it for him with their old sitter for Father’s Day a couple of years ago while Cas was still working towards his nursing license. They had doodled little hearts and suns and little stick figures of their family on the white mug. It was one of Castiel's most prized possessions.
Cas stays draped over Dean's back as he starts up a slow drag out of the tight slick heat of the omega's body only to snap his hips forward hard. It's slow but deep, and Dean thinks if he rested his hand on his stomach, he'd be able to feel the outline of his Alpha's cock deep in his guts. Every time Cas pulls back, it feels like Dean's being turned inside out, and his body sways under the Alpha with each powerful thrust.
Dean is so stunned for a moment that he doesn't respond until he feels the Alpha start to pull away. Quickly, Dean wraps his willowy arms around Castiel's neck and lets himself melt against the older man's body. He opens his mouth to coax the Alpha's tongue into his own. The kiss is wet and sloppy and full of promises that make Dean shiver.
They start to sway together in the quiet of the room, and it's so peaceful that Castiel thinks he may fall asleep right where he's standing.
It's an hour to quitting time on a Friday, and with an entire weekend ahead of him to kick back, Dean is finding it increasingly difficult to focus on the numbers in front of him. Working in the Lawrence branch of the Sandover and Associates, LLC call center was about as exciting as it sounded, but it paid the bills, and for a college dropout like Dean, it was the best he could do when he signed on over six years ago. There had been promises of potential career growth within the company when he was hired, but it became clear pretty quickly that those opportunities were for people with connections or no home life and not for someone like Dean: a single dad just trying to keep food on the table and shoes on his kids feet.
Bea hands over her drawing. It's a slightly abstract rendition of Dean sitting in a tree with a rainbow colored cat that looks more like a circle with stick legs and a very fluffy tail. One of Dean's legs is in a bright pink cast, and in blocky letters at the top of the page it says, "Get well soon".
"I don't think so. We've never really brought it up, but I have reason to believe he finds me attractive at the very least."
Getting comfy with Vada resting tucked under his arm and snuggled into his side, Dean took a moment to gather himself before asking about Vada's day at school. It was a sad and unfortunate reality that children had both the ability to be the kindest and most harsh people on the planet.
Cas is fairly sure she's only joking, but honestly, Sharon probably has a much better shot than he does. Even at 76, Sharon was a handsome woman, with short grey hair still streaked with the raven of her youth, a friendly face, and a bright smile with sparkling brown eyes that always looked like they were laughing. River Valley was considered first and foremost a retirement town, and the senior population far outpaced the twenty-somethings and millennials. The fact she lived independently and could still drive also made Sharon a hot commodity in the dating pool, so Cas has no doubt she'd do just fine.
The light faded slowly until it was just Dean and Cas in their bed like any other evening, the only signs of what they'd just done the fresh hand prints burned into Dean's shoulder and Cas' chest.
"I'll call you later so we can plan our first official date, and I'll see you in the morning at drop off."
"I helped, I told Papa you'd like those sunny flowers. You got pretty pictures, Cas. I like the animals best. Do you see my dress?" She sits up and yanks her hood up quickly, narrowly missing Dean's face, and turns her head this way and that. "I'm a dragon!"
It's not long before the microwave is beeping, and reluctantly Cas sets the cat down on the floor. With fork, bowl, and wine in hand, he settles back on the couch and turns on his tv. Flipping through the channels, he settles on a marathon of
Dean nods along as Taylor pulls out his prints and spreads them out in front of him. The Super Saver package meant he got a single pose in the 3 different sizes he'd chosen, and already he can tell it wasn't going to be enough. The pictures were perfect. Emma sitting on the little prop bench, hands at her sides curling around the edge of her seat, button nose covered in freckles and scrunched up as she laughed, flyaway baby hairs and sloppy pigtails lit up like she was the actual sun, and her eyes sparkling with happiness.
It's that hint of urgency that has Dean's eyes finally snapping open to take in the sight of the ground coming up to meet him at a rapid rate. He's not dropping as fast as he would be in a free fall but his speed is still well above what it should be for a landing. From the moment that his angel let go, Dean's been gliding down in wide circles, but now that the ground is getting closer and closer, he's suddenly realized he has no idea how to actually
The sun beats down on Castiel's bare shoulders as he pushes the mower across the lawn. He lost his shirt almost an hour ago; it wasn't even full summer yet, and he was tired of the heat already. Even with an early start, it was close to noon by the time Cas finished with the yard. At least the plants all had a drip system in place, so he didn't have to water them.
That puts a smile back on Cas' face, which makes Dean happy as he leads the way to his bedroom. As the other man walks into Dean's room for the first time, he's suddenly thankful for all his restless cleaning.
Michael was very much a "traditional" Alpha and had been personally groomed by their Mother over the years to take her place as head of the Novak "empire" once she was ready to retire. So, in short, Michael was a pretentious son of a bitch, and Castiel had never really gotten on with him. The 12-year age gap between them didn't help matters either, but mostly it was Michael's views on Omegas that set Castiel's teeth on edge.
Dean laughs nervously, his hand coming to rub the back of his neck. He is pretty hungry and the food’s already cooked, so it’s not like they can save the poor cow now. With a shrug, Dean finally digs in. They finish up quickly and clean up the table so another group can sit before going to meet up with Sam and Emma. The afternoon speeds by and they all seem reluctant to say goodbye when it's time for Cas to head out. He reminds Dean to call him before heading off to his car, turning to wave as he goes.
Jamie's already gone back to watching cartoons, the other kids too sucked in to even acknowledge Dean's presence. So he quietly backs out of the room in search of Cas.
With that, Dean sits up on his knees and reaches behind him to grab hold of Cas and line him up with his slick hole. With a gasp and his head thrown back, Dean sinks down on Cas' cock for the first time.
The store is mostly empty at this time of day, and after a moment of indecision, Dean lifts Emma into the cart before they make their way towards the aisles of bedding. Emma sits quietly in the cart, hands gripped onto the sides and eyes darting around taking everything in.
"Good to see you again, Dean. Please come in, and if you don't mind, leave your shoes here by the door."
Jamie nods his head enthusiastically and rushes back into the classroom. Cas watches as he digs his card out of his shoebox and goes to wait by Dean, who's attempting to fix a crying girl’s braid that appears to have come loose while Bea chatters away next to him. Jamie bounces on the balls of his feet as he waits for Dean to finish so he can present his card. Dean pats the little girl on the head, her braid now remade if a bit sloppy, and she gives him a quick hug before going back to her table.
When he comes back, he passes the recliner in favor of dropping to his knees in front of Emma. His own eyes prick with unshed tears and he has to take a moment to clear his throat.
Dean smirks and crawls up the length of his body, slowly dragging his mouth across the smooth skin of Cas' stomach until he can take one pebbled nipple into his mouth, worrying it between his teeth, making Cas hiss with the edge of pleasure/pain that spikes through his gut. Dean sucks marks along his collar and chest, grinding his cock down along Cas' which is still wrapped in the condom.
The morning starts off busy, and with graduation just around the corner, there's an influx of overly emotional moms dragging their teens in for wallet-sized pictures to send out to extended family. Cas stays moving from one appointment to the next, their brick wall backdrop getting the most use it's seen all year. It's coming up on the end of the day when they get their first walk in. At first, when he hears Taylor talking from the front of the studio, he feels annoyed. Another fifteen minutes and they could have closed the doors for the day.
Cas shrugs trying to act casual when he's really silently freaking out on the inside over being called "Mr. Blue Eyes." "It's alright, I guess. Kind of nice to be out of the house."
Cas pulls him into the room and quickly strips Dean of his shirt, laying him out on his stomach on their bed. Warm hands and callused fingers run down his back, leaving behind the chill from Cas using his grace to try and heal whatever was happening. As Castiel's hands trailed his back, the pain became harsher, more of a burning and stretching just under his skin. A pressure was building inside his body. The pain was overwhelming and just as the pressure seemed to be reaching its peak, Dean heard Cas suck in a sharp breath right as he felt his skin start to rip apart and he promptly passed out.
"Well Alpha, how about you show me some of those cooking skills you were bragging about and feeding your pregnant mate?"
Now his car, Baby, as he affectionately calls her, roars to life, probably annoying more than one of his neighbors this early on a Saturday morning. It was only a little after 7:00, so Dean points Baby in the direction of Wal-Mart since it was the only place open this early.
Dean has sometimes thought that photos of vast mountains and wide open fields came off as lonely, isolated, and cold. But Castiel's photographs were the exact opposite. They were bursting with color and life in a way that drew Dean in and made him want to go exploring.
"Oh," Dean tries hard not to let his disappointment show, wiggling in his seat and adjusting Emma in his arms. "Well, maybe next time."
"Yeah, in just a moment. I think someone needs their pants changed." Cas holds Levi at eye level wrinkling his nose as he uses his baby voice. "Who needs a clean tussy? Is it you? Yes it is!"
Dean does some quick mental inventory, but he knows he bought plenty of supplies for an extra kid. He had expected a lot more parents to show up.
"I'm here Cas. I love you so much. You're doing great, baby." Dean presses kisses all over his face since that's about all he can reach.
"I want you Dean, however you're willing to share yourself, but I guess for tonight I just want to touch you and feel you touch me. I don't have any supplies in the house, and I'm worried about aggravating your leg if we attempt anything too strenuous." His tongue darts out to wet his lips before he draws the lower one in between his teeth. "I'd love to taste you, to use my mouth to give you pleasure..." At that, Dean lets out a soft whimper, and Cas smiles before dropping a quick peck on his lips. "...but like I said, I don't have any condoms, and I don't feel comfortable exchanging fluids until we've both been tested for STIs."
"That was very thoughtful of you all. It's certainly something I could get used to." He sends Dean a little wink to let him know everything is fine and knows he said the right thing when Dean sags a bit with relief.
snag at dinner time. Dean was exhausted already from their early morning, so he made the executive decision to order a pizza and make life just a little easier for them both. Using an app, Dean orders a plain pepperoni and some cheesy bread for delivery. With that taken care of he lets himself relax back into the couch muttering, "Swiper no swiping" under his breath while he waits.
As they climb into the Impala, Dean can't seem to stop smiling, meaning he's feeling pretty proud of whatever he's cooked up for their date.
Castiel's hand grips his shoulder tight, right where his hand print had been when Dean was raised from Hell. The angel chants a few last words before sealing their lips together in a firm kiss. Heat floods Dean's body but in a pleasant way, almost like sinking into a warm bath after a hard day’s work. He floated for what felt like hours in the light and warmth, the feeling of Cas' lips brushing his mouth, his eyelids, his cheeks, his forehead. He was surrounded by Cas.
"Heck yeah! Actually we were waiting on you. Since you're here, let's go out and tell everyone the good news."
"He didn't believe me when I told him I had an Alpha. He tried to scare me into giving up our pups."
"Hey Emma, what's wrong?" Dean walks over to the bed, which looks far too large now that Emma was actually here. It looked like she was being swallowed whole by the mound of pillows and blankets.
It's hard to walk away, but with Emma's attention firmly on the tv, Dean goes into the kitchen to work on breakfast. Figuring he couldn't go wrong with good old-fashioned bacon and eggs, Dean loads his arms with breakfast goodies from the fridge and gets to work. He's got bacon frying, eggs scrambled and cooking low and slow, and shoestring hashbrowns sizzling away when he decides he should make toast, too. By the time he's done, he realizes he made enough food for an army, but “whatever,”' Dean thinks; he can eat the leftovers for lunch.
The conversation shifts into more neutral territory about how Teddy and Jamie are doing in class, and pretty soon it's time to say goodbye and send everyone home, but not before Dean manages to get everyone in for one big group photo.
It actually takes him 20 minutes to get to the hospital and by the time he finds Dean in the waiting room he has somehow managed to collect himself into something resembling calm.
over for so long that just the thought of having company gives him goosebumps. It's not the best or brightest idea, but would it really be
Dean glances through the front window to make sure Emma was still out before giving the go ahead to continue.
Dean nods as he furiously wipes at his face, trying to rid himself of any signs of distress before Vada rounds the corner. The whole reason Mrs. Butters was even at the house today was because she was picking up Dean's daughter for a little playdate so Dean could spend another afternoon job hunting.
"Dean you are doing so well sweetheart. You are going to be fine and so will the babies. The Doctor said there was no reason to believe anything will go wrong. Just try and breathe we'll be there soon."
He looks up to catch Dean's eyes and mouth "thank you" from over the kids heads. Dean just gives him a smile and a nod. He doesn't want to keep the little family any longer. The kids obviously needed their dad's attention right now. He watches them go quietly until Cas' car is no longer in view. As happy as he is that the whole thing was a simple mistake, it still leaves him with an antsy energy squirming just under his skin.
"Okay, now pay attention to Papa, ‘cause this is the most important part. After you stir in the chocolate, you need to put the marshmallows in
Dean is shocked. As much as they would butt heads and bicker outside of the bedroom, Dean never got that kind of vibe from Lydia. She was a bit standoffish and very picky, but one evening she'd been in a weird mood and told Dean about growing up poor, like not enough food, no heat, living in a car poor. Lydia had done a lot to get by and keep her sisters from suffering while their mom wrestled with addiction. There was a part of Dean that could relate to that, his mother having died when he was four and his brother still an infant, and his father losing himself in alcohol to cover the ache. His own childhood had been questionable and unstable, and he did everything in his power to shield his brother Sam, so if anything, Lydia's story only made him feel more sympathetic towards her. Of course, once she realized what she'd been saying, she'd gotten pissed and stormed out and they didn't hook up for almost 3 weeks. Dean never asked, and Lydia never mentioned it again. That just wasn't the kind of relationship they had.
Groaning, Cas tries to roll away. "But sleep Dean, we could sleep so hard right now. Doesn't that sound nicer?"
. Dean's pretty sure the deep timber of the Alpha's words was still bouncing around inside his chest. Was this guy even real?
, who goes to work with their hair like that? Dean has never had such an intense urge to bury his hands in something before.
When it comes time to eat, Dean proudly presents Cas with his own veggie burger to match Emma's, both cooked on a separate portable electric grill.
All three sets of watery blue eyes look up at him silently asking for answers. Dean feels a little lost. With no news and no idea what happens next, all he knows is that he doesn't want the kids to panic. It could be as simple as a flat tire and a dead cell phone keeping them all in suspense.
Castiel's brows come together in a curious look and he opens his mouth to speak but quickly seems to change his mind and shuts it just as fast.
A knock at the door gets Dean's attention from where he's been cleaning the same spot on his kitchen counter for the last fifteen minutes. Walking quickly to the front door, Dean pauses to check his reflection in the mirror hanging in the hall one last time. He pats his hair and huffs into his cupped hand to check for stank breath. Satisfied, he pulls open the door with a wide smile.
"Now Mr. Winchester-- you are Dean Winchester, correct?" Dean nods. "Ah, splendid. Well, there is no need to get emotional. I just have a few questions. We've received word from a concerned citizen that you may be in need of help after the passing of your Alpha, one Mr. John Winchester. Is there an Alpha present I can speak to about this?" Dean shakes his head. "I see. Well, I can speak with you for now. Your paperwork has a number of holes I'm hoping you can fill in for me. I know John was your Alpha sire as well as your Alpha brother Samuel Winchester’s, but I'm unclear of the other minor in the home, Adam Winchester. Is he...your pup?" Marvin looks down his nose at that, and Dean bristles.
"Hey Emma, I know it's confusing right now, but I'm so happy to have you here with me. I've got your room all set up and lots of fun things planned for the week."
Cas swallows hard and reaches out blindly, only to have his hand clasped firmly in a warm grip. He tries to smile, but it comes out a little wobbly. Fuck, this man was
"Unc' Sammy, will you sit with me for dinner?" Emma is looking at Sam with big eyes, and Dean already knows his brother is a goner when he sees the puppy eyes come back full force. It's probably a good thing Sam lives a plane ride away, because who knows what Emma would be able to talk the big softie into. Dean wouldn't be surprised if he woke up to a pony in the backyard or a live shark in his tub with the way Sam was acting.
The kitchen and the garage were some of the first and only major renovations Dean worked on after moving into his home. The Alpha had made it a priority to be able to run his business from home and to have a home where family could gather.
That's where Dean finds them sometime later still snuggled on the couch, Cas' tea long since having grown cold and a solid drool spot on his shirt where Emma was still passed out. Cas blinks awake to see Dean standing over him with his phone out and a sappy look on his face.
Dean was going to kill his brother if he didn't die of embarrassment first. Castiel just laughs and reaches out to shake Sam's offered hand.
There is an intense pressure, then suddenly a soft cry, tiny and full of displeasure, fills the room. Cas and Dean both have tears streaming down their faces as Daisy greets the world with the same enthusiasm as her Papa before his morning tea.
He would still have his moment of joy, still have his family and pup to love, even if it would be a little less conventional. A harsh cramp and a wave of heat hits him hard enough to bring him back to the moment at hand. His heat was ramping up, and pretty soon he'd be nothing but a writhing mess of slick and sweat and need.
Today would be the day though, Dean could feel it. The ache deep in his gut, the flush of his skin, his scent strong enough that even Adam was wrinkling his nose at him. Once, late at night, while cradled in his Alpha's arms, Dean asked Cas what his scent was like for the Alpha. Cas had run his nose along the smooth line of his neck, pulling in deep lungfuls of air.
Dean's chest swells with affection as he looks at his blushing boyfriend. Cas unloads groceries and tries not to make a big deal out of what a thoughtful gesture this was, but Dean feels fit to burst with how full of love he is for this man. With so many good feelings swirling around inside of him, there was really only one thing to do. Let it out.
It dawned on Dean half way through their meal that maybe Emma was raised as a food snob. After all, Lydia was living the highlife with all that stolen money, and Emma did seem to favor things that Dean's only seen Sam eat. She turned her nose up at bacon, doesn't like pizza, has never asked to go to fast food, and cried the one time Dean tried to get her a happy meal. It made perfect sense and at least Dean could work with that. He could make avocado toast and yogurt bowls if that's what he needed to do for a while. Feeling better than he had all day, now that he had a bit of a game plan, Dean tunes back into the conversation just in time to hear Emma giggling as Bobby finishes a ghost story where the "ghost" turns out to be a talking monkey picking his nose.
The party seems to be in full swing when Cas pulls up to park at the curb in front of Dean's house. There are fewer cars than he was expecting, but it still looks like a decent turnout. Cas takes a deep breath, grabs the platter of peanut butter cookies he baked last night, and climbs out of the car.
Dean doesn't mind at all, and he steps inside to squat down and quickly start unlacing his boots. Castiel hovers nearby but doesn't say anything until Dean stands.
The house itself was small and not overly cluttered, but the detached single car garage was a whole other story. Dean had years of crap stored in there: Vada's baby things, some of Elizabeth's things, stuff Dean kept over the years in case he might find a use for it again and save some money, and of course all of John's boxes that were sent to Dean after his father died.
"Well, someone has to teach these baby Alphas some manners. Fuck knows their parents ain't doin' it."
Three weeks later, Castiel is pacing his apartment nervously waiting for Sam to arrive. He's spent the last few days getting the place ready, but now that the big day was here, he was feeling nervous. He was still in the very early stages of his heat, but he wanted to have his wits about him when he got Sam settled in.
Dean had grumbled and denied it but Sam has caught him watching videos on youtube with tears in his eyes more then once.
The sun is starting to sink, and it bathes the park in a soft golden light. There's only one other person sitting down at this part of the river, and Cas doesn't pay her much attention. He squats down, the ground covered in too much bird poop for him to get really comfortable, and opens the coffee can. Taking a large handful, Cas tosses it up into the air, letting the sound of it hitting the ground attract the attention of the birds. Within moments, he's surrounded by large Canadian geese, mallards, and pigeons.
He has to use a whole $10 of their small stash to stock up on toilet paper, which pains him, but it's not really something one can skimp on. He's got a full cart when he walks up to the register and is absently scanning the magazine rack when a hand brushes his ass.
Dean looks down into Emma's hopeful face and smiles gently, knowing even if he can't find it, he'll order it pay-per-view if it makes her happy.
The boys wash their hands and pull out their homework while Bea makes quick work of her snack. Castiel just takes a moment to watch his children and imagine for a moment what his life would be like without them there. He can't. He can't imagine a world without his sweet boys or his busy little Honey Bea in it. Jay may have left their marriage with the house and the money, but Castiel got the real treasures.
"Daddy, you're early." Vada tips her head up to look at her father, and Dean has to blink back a sudden wave of sadness. Some days, all he can see is himself staring back at him, and others, all he can see is Vada's mother. Today, she looks like Elizabeth, and it stirs up old grief -- a grief that is ever changing as he watches his daughter grow, knowing Elizabeth will never get to see it and that Vada will never know Elizabeth beyond what Dean can tell her.
Castiel stares at the items on his dresser for a long moment. He certainly never thought this would be the way he conceived his children. His fantasies have always involved a loving mate and sharing an intimate heat and then the joy of finding out they were going to be parents. He lets his feelings of grief over the loss of that fantasy fill him for a few moments before shaking off his feelings of melancholy to focus on the possibilities ahead of him.
Dean's hands are fisted in the sheets as he tries to breath through the feeling of being split in two. It doesn't feel anything like his old heat toy. It's too much and not enough at the same time. He wants, he
Dean. I never even planned to keep her. I didn't tell you because I didn't want you to try and change my mind. But I...I couldn't do it. I went in and I couldn't go through with it. I was going to tell you.
Castiel lets out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. This sounds like the start of a very polite rejection. He can't say he didn't see it coming, but he also can't deny the painful sting of disappointment either. If he was ever to have a chance, his friend Sam was it.
Dean is making a show of swallowing and Cas pulls out to lean down and kiss the taste of his release out of his husband's mouth. He licks the wet trails from his chin and it's filthy and perfect.
The look of confusion and the faint hint of distress that had been filtering into the Omega’s scent clears up and is soon replaced by the bright bloom of happiness.
It might not have been pretty and it may not have been perfect, but Dean used his wings. Pulling back, he gives Cas a wicked smirk.
But Jay had thought it was time for them to start their family, since he had turned 30 and wasn't getting any younger and wanted to enjoy their children while he was still young. Up to that point, Castiel had still retained the belief that he'd never have children, a fact he had confessed to his new husband while sobbing the first and last time he'd ever gotten drunk. The subject of college was dropped in exchange for researching surrogacy agencies.
He's not sure if Cas will be pissed at him for just showing up and taking over, but Dean still feels better knowing he helped. Settling next to Cas on the bed, he gently strokes the sweaty hair from the sleeping man's forehead.
"It was my pleasure." He turns to Cas and gives him a little wink. "I'd be happy to come over and make breakfast anytime your daddy wants me to."
He also takes the time to change out batteries in the smoke detectors, installs a small fire extinguisher in the kitchen, and puts a lock on his liquor cabinet. A man from child welfare comes out to poke through his cupboards and deem the house safe, so when Friday rolls around Dean might be nervous as hell, feeling like he's going to throw up, but he feels prepared. That is, until just after lunch when he finally hears a knock at his door.
Dean feels something tight in his chest loosen at the sight of his little brother. It's rare these days for them all to be under one roof, and it always has Dean breathing a little easier. It probably has something to do with leftover childhood trauma, but Dean refuses to look at it too closely.
It's Sam that finds it. Almost to the bottom of the box, Dean has gotten distracted reading through the insurance claim from the house fire. He's silently seething over the amount of money their father drank away when Sam makes a weird choking noise in the back of his throat, and suddenly a paper is being shoved in front of his face.
Cas had been bugging him for a week to tell him what was wrong, and for a week Dean had stubbornly avoided him, firm in his decision
The drive to the high school is short, and Sam waves a hasty goodbye, jumping out of the car and getting swallowed up in the crowd of teenagers milling about. The elementary school is next, but here Dean parks and walks Adam straight to class so he can give him a hug and a kiss goodbye. Adam's teacher thinks Dean gave birth to the kid, and he's never corrected her on the matter. Lord knows how old the woman thinks he is, but it works out either way. As long as she believes Dean has a legal right to the kid, then that's all that mattered. Although she didn't have to be such a bitch about it.
"Never, Cas," he says fiercely. "I would never regret tellin' you I love you. You and those kids mean everything to me."
So here we are at the end, of all things. Thank you to every one of you for reading, leaving comments and kudos, this has been a real journey writing this during such a stressful time and I appreciate you all.
It's not long before Adler is hanging up the phone with a little more force than necessary, making Dean flinch as the older man's beady dark eyes pin him in place. Zachariah Adler was a textbook douchebag, and Dean has spent the last six years avoiding the man at all costs. Whatever is about to happen, it can't be good.
He just feels tired and defeated, and it was becoming harder and harder to remember why he was doing this to himself and to poor Sam. Even though they aren't mated, Cas knows it's a blow to Sam's inner Alpha every time the Omega fails to get pregnant. His friend is too nice to ever mention it, but Castiel knows it's taking a toll on Sam.
Cas pushes into him eagerly, and when Dean swipes his tongue along the seam of his lips, his Omega parts them with a breathy sigh. They get caught up in the slick slide of their mouths until a faint trickle of Omega arousal reaches his nose. Dean pulls back reluctantly. As much as he'd love to throw Castiel over his shoulder and march up to his bedroom to spend the evening knotting until they pass out, he wants to show Cas that this means more to him than just sex.
Dean thinks of everything they've been through over the years. All the lying, the good intentions gone bad, the bickering, jealous fighting. He thinks of all the times they've saved each other, all the times they watched each other die without admitting their true feelings. He thinks about the sight of his soul and Cas' grace dancing together in their room at the bunker. He thinks of every kiss, every touch, every "I love you" finally spoken.
"So uh, full disclosure Cas: I can't say I really know how to date either. After my mom died, my dad went a little nuts. Drank his way through job after job and town after town. He just kept moving me and Sammy trying to run from his own personal demons, only to drink himself into an early grave. We never really stayed anywhere long enough for me to date, and by the time we settled here, I was spending more time taking care of Sam than being a kid. In my twenties, once Sam headed off to California for school, I went a little wild. Drank a lot, slept around a lot, barely passed a lot of my classes. Once my dad got sick though, it kind of woke me up."
Reaching out, Cas gets a hold of Dean's tie and uses it to reel him. At the first press of warm soft lips against his own, Cas is lost. He loses track of how long they stand there sharing sweet kisses and shy smiles, but it doesn't feel like nearly long enough when Dean pulls away to tell him they need to hustle if they want to get to the concert on time.
If anything, Castiel seemed even more mysterious than before, which only left Dean wanting to know more about the other man.
"Dean, I was wondering if it would be ok to collect Bea from her class and have her join me at the boys’ party? There really isn't enough time for me to attend both."
Castiel's hand pauses for a split second, the only tell that he's not sure what to say. Dean jumps in before Marvin notices the slip.
. He won't hate you, he could never hate you. Look; will he be sad? Fuck yes. That is something he will have to grieve and come to terms with.
"I don' wanna go. I wanna stay with Grampy and Gramma." Even as Emma grumbles, her voice fades and her head slowly lowers until she's laying heavy on his shoulder once again. Dean rubs her back fondly but has to hold back a smirk when he turns to see Bobby's eyes suspiciously shiny as he gruffly mumbles out a quiet goodbye and makes Dean promise to come back soon. Karen is in the kitchen bagging up leftovers and writing down the exact brand of burgers she bought so Dean can buy more. She steps out with a small bag of tupperware and offers to walk Dean out to the car.
Thank you for all the lovely feedback on the first chapter! Sorry for the delay but I hope you enjoy chapter 2. It's a little more world building but Cas will be here soon so don't panic 😅
"Cas, you don't have to worry about that. There's nothin' you could do to scare me away. Tantrums, squabbles, and flus, I'm here for it all as long as you'll have me."
Cas complies, tucking his knees under himself so his ass is in the air, legs wide, he leaves his face mushed into the mattress, too blissed out from his first orgasm to care.
Sam has started pulling clothes out of his bag and filling the drawers. Cas takes a deep breath. They've got four days to get through; he needs to get a hold of himself.
The kids are quick to say their thanks, although it comes out more like "Tank ew Ean!" with their little mouths already stuffed with food.
Cas closed his eyes in ecstasy the moment he got that first hit of salty musk flavor on his tongue. God, it's been so long since he's done this, and he's always been partial to giving head. Just the weight of a cock in his mouth again has his dick perking back up in interest. The fact that it's
Hello everyone! Posting a wee bit early because my internet may be spotty the next few days due to the wildfires in my area.
Adler pauses with his eyebrows raised in question, so Dean nods through the lump in his throat. Adler smiles with shark teeth.
“It kept me around for much longer than I would have, but after Bea was born and all the complications she had, I think he started to see us as more of a chain holding him back than a trophy to show off. The kids are all biologically mine as it turns out, but he had no interest in splitting custody anyway."
If you skipped Lydia's phone call she spoke of growing up with an addict mother who passed from an overdose, she contemplated abortion but changed her mind, ran because she didn't know how to tell Dean about the baby and was scared of losing it. She also states she's unlikely to be getting out of prison in her lifetime. She spoke with Emma, who became extremely upset because she doesn't understand why her mom can't come and get her. There really isn't a resolution to this because Emma just isn't old enough to understand.
It's hard not to hug his friend, but they maintain the recommended distance of 6 feet apart as they make their way single-file through the automatic doors. There's a short line of employees waiting to get their computers all standing on little blue x's made from tape on the floor. Gabe continues to talk loudly from his spot in front of Castiel in line, ignoring the glares from the people around them. Normally, Castiel would at least attempt to curb his friend's antics, but it's too much of a novelty these days for him to really care what others think. When it's Gabe's turn at the front, Cas lets his mind wander to his ever growing to-do list. The first week of quarantine, he'd gone into hyper-productive mode, deep cleaning the house, finishing his reading list, baking casseroles and bread. But now he's lucky to even get up off the couch once work is finished.
Thank you to all of those who've been following along and for the lovely comments! I love reading every single one!
When Dean tells her it's time to make a final decision, Emma settles on a black dress with a knee length skirt and long sleeves. It's covered in bright colored stars, hearts, rainbows, and unicorns, the best part, and the thing that caught Emma's eye in the first place is the attached hood, lined with rainbow stripes on the inside and topped with rainbow dragon spikes down the center of the hood and along the back of the dress all the way to the end of the skirt like a tail. She pairs it with lime green stretchy pants and translucent blue glitter rain boots. Emma makes a point to show Dean how her boots light up when she stomps her feet, making them both laugh.
Thank you for all the comments and kudos and for sticking with me during the weird posting schedule 💜.
It wasn't what he wanted, but maybe it was time Castiel accepted that this was his life and it wasn't going to change, that maybe being an Om just wasn't in the cards for him. And while it's not what he had pictured for himself, it could still be good enough.
Locking his eyes with Cas, Dean gives a small nod and breathes in deep, focusing on the heavy weight of his wings. His angel's been right about everything else so far, and if Dean wants to get back to his normal hunting routine, he's going to have to learn to hide his wings without becoming exhausted. As is, he's been sidelined to research and after-dark grave digging. Sam had even banned him from regular hunts that didn't involve civilians, too worried about word getting out of Dean's new bond to the wrong people or creatures.
For the most part, Eli was like any other baby. He ate, he slept, and he needed diaper changes. But he also tracked Dean from across the room with his eyes, he appeared to follow conversations... oh, and he could project his needs into others’ minds.
"Sure thing, kiddo," Dean says as he comes over to peck Castiel's cheek and tickle Emma until she wiggles away to collect Dog from where he sits on the prop bench.
Even in the midst of dealing with a meltdown, Dean shudders at the thought of the big ass tarantulas housed in the bug tent. Sam was just going to have to take one for the team, because no way was Dean going in there. Emma is crying hard enough to draw stares from the parents around them, and Dean's face heats up but he stays calm and softly swipes his thumbs over Emma's hands still cradled in his own.
Keep in mind the tw from last chapter. There is also talk of what is essentially postpartum depression though it doesn't go into a ton of detail.
Dragging himself out of bed, Cas slips on his boxers and makes his way to the bathroom. He empties his bladder and brushes his teeth, noticing that Dean had found the spare just fine as it's sitting used next to the sink.
Feeling tired and a little lost, Dean gets up to clean the mess on the floor, his own appetite gone with the mix of emotions swirling in his gut. He stuffs the pizza boxes into the fridge and tries to calm his nerves. He scoops up Emma's blanket and shark from the couch and grabs her water cup before squaring his shoulders and turning down the hall to go and check on his daughter.
They head back slowly, Dean's arm slung across Castiel's shoulders and Emma on his hip. They have more exploring to do before they start their journey home, but the wind is picking up and it was time for them to move on from the beach.
"Of course you can, but you'll need to wash your hands, and I think your moose friend will need to sit this one out."
The group hug doesn't last nearly as long as Dean would have liked, but they'd taken up enough of Castiel's big night. They say their farewells, both father and daughter comforted when Castiel reminds them he'll see them soon, whether it's for cooking or Emma's next photo shoot.
Dean's dressed in dove grey slacks and a pink pinstripe button down and a skinny white tie that's come loose around his neck a bit. He looks adorable, and Cas wants nothing more than to kiss him silly right where he's standing. That wouldn't be the best idea though, since they both agreed to keep their relationship on the down low until the boys move up into the 4th grade. There wasn't any rule that said they couldn't date, but Dean didn't want to cause any drama since his first year was considered a trial run with the board.
He walks into the kitchen looking to start the coffee, but it's already made with a clean mug sitting next to the pot ready to be used. That's when Cas realizes he can hear a voice coming from the living room. Stepping through the door separating the kitchen from the living room, Cas stops in his tracks. There's Dean looking sleep-rumpled and soft in yesterday's clothes with his hair fluffy, sitting on the couch with Mr. Rogers sleeping in his lap, a mug of coffee in one hand and his phone pressed to his ear with the other.
He crashes into the bathroom panting and frantically looking for whatever threat had Emma, not only speaking but yelling like it was the end of the world.
There is mentions of passed homophobia that could be triggering and exact details are in end notes if needed.
"First stop is food," Dean crows, as they pull away from the curb to the rumble of his baby's engine, and half an hour later, Cas is moaning around the best bacon cheeseburger he's ever eaten. Dean had surprised him by taking them to a local dive bar called the Roadhouse, and he's not too proud to admit he'd had his reservations. But the food was amazing, the burgers juicy and the bacon thick and crispy, the fries were a perfect golden brown and covered in garlic and flakes of parmesan cheese. They may need a half tin of mints by the time they're finished, but Cas doesn't care.
"Hey now, don't knock it till you've tried it, Mister. I was even thinking of putting my own profile up."
The sound of harsh panting fills the room. Cas' thighs shake from strain and sweat's rolling down his back but he keeps his hips moving in their steady rhythm. He lets his head lull back and moans low.
"I've got the laptop set up over here, if you'd like to sit down. Would you like something to drink?"
Dean quirks his mouth into a fond smile and goes back to running his fingers through Cas' hair, the fire of lust turned down to a simmer but still present as they look at each other.
I'd also like to say that I'm presenting Lydia and her story as a neutral party and I do look forward to your individual interpretations of her character.
"Dean I...I'm sorry if I offended you, it was not my intention. I have the utmost faith in you and your ability to adapt to this new development. I also hope you grow to appreciate the beauty that I see when looking at your wings."
General disclaimer: all real life businesses and celebrities mentioned in this fic are strictly for world building and are not affiliated with the actual story or the author.
He was glad they were able to get through the nerves though. It felt good to have this time to connect with his mate again. Luckily, Cas' doctor had been right about his heat being mild. The younger Omega had told him about how hard his heats always were and that most likely he'd need to go back on suppressants after weaning Daisy.
After spending the evening drinking wine while flirting and chatting, slowly drawing closer and closer on the couch until Castiel had crawled into Dean's lap and attacked his mouth, they'd finally made their way to the bedroom, and Dean was more than ready to get his hands on a naked Cas. Tearing his mouth away, he drops his head down to Castiel's shoulder.
"I was kind of hoping there was more here than just a good time in the sack. But if you want me to go, just say the word, Cas." Dean sits back to give him a moment to think. With a shy smile, Cas shrugs his shoulder.
it. Dean leans in to press a soft kiss to Cas' lips. It's nothing but a chaste brush of warm skin against skin, Castiel's lips slightly dry and chapped from sleeping with his mouth open, but it's still world changing. Growing up, Castiel never dreamed of a sweeping romance or a torrid affair. He never fantasized about loud public declarations or dramatic secret rendezvous. No, all Castiel ever wanted, ever dreamed of, was this. Quiet mornings, late nights, soft kisses and easy smiles. A simple life, made profound because of the people in it and the love they share.
Castiel hesitates a moment too long, and Dean feels a weight settle in his stomach. He wasn't going to like this.
Once they're out and dressed, Cas unlocks his bedroom door as Dean strips the soiled comforter from the top of the bed. They crawl under the sheet, Dean happily going into Cas' outstretched arms, and within moments, their eyes slip shut in sleep.
Cas, what am I supposed to do with wings? And why are they so fucking heavy? Why aren't they invisible like yours?"
Dean nuzzles into his neck, kissing little trails along his collar bone, staring down at where Daisy was latched on as if he'd never seen anything so amazing.
"Yeah, I've, uh, given it a lot of thought and honestly I've never been interested in having kids. I'm more of a dog person," Sam says with a little tick of his lips like he's fighting a smile. "I want to be there for you and help you during your pregnancy, but after the pup's born, I'm happy to take a step back and just be ‘Cool Uncle Sam.’ I don't have any actual nieces or nephews, so I'd love it if your pup filled that roll."
The words are barely out of his mouth before Cas is pushing up onto his toes, crashing their lips together so hard, their teeth click painfully. Dean chuckles and pulls back just enough to soften the kiss into something tender.
He was still staring out the window when Karen came bustling into the kitchen with her arms full of grocery bags. Dean quickly stepped up to help relieve her of her burden and couldn't help smiling. Karen was always the softness to Bobby's gruffness. Not that she was soft willed, but she was open and easy with her affection. Quick to laugh and always ready with a hug, she had been a mother to Dean and Sam both.
Dean smiles at the determined look on his Omega's face. A weight he hadn't realized was there suddenly lifts from his chest, and a tentative hope starts to bloom in his gut.
Cas can feel his eyes welling up with tears, but he blinks them away before they can fall. He's enough of a mess as it is without adding tears to the mix. He gives Sam a watery smile, and they spend the rest of the afternoon hashing out schedules and details. Castiel has three weeks before his next heat, and he wants to make sure they are both prepared.
Dean bites his lip and wrestles with himself for a few moments before he decides to just go with his gut. Cas can always tell him no. It would suck, but Dean's a big boy and can handle sleeping alone just like he has every night since their mating.
to talk about. Even going on about his exhibit had ended in Cas telling Meg about Dean and Emma showing up and bringing him flowers. And sure, Meg might have a point that Cas wishes there was more to his relationship with Dean than friendship, but it wasn't just about sleeping with the guy. Though Meg
In the end, Dean had moved in broken and overwhelmed with a brand new baby. But heartbreaking memories aside, this is the only home Vada has ever known. It was the only place that still held traces of Elizabeth. The landlord is a nice old man named Donnie. He was an understanding kind of guy, had even let Dean pay rent late a few times when he was still finding his feet as a new parent, but there's a difference between late rent and no rent.
Dean feels hope blossom inside his chest so intensely he could cheer, but instead he gives his daughter a small smile and a shrug.
Cas shakes his head. They'd both been given clean bills of health, and he appreciates Dean checking in with him, but right now all he wants is to feel the heat of Dean filling him up without a single barrier between them.
"Look who's here." The aide’s quiet voice is cheerful and friendly, and Cas smiles at her brightly. She scoops up Daisy and comes to hand her over to Cas' open waiting arms.
He looks down at his hands where they lay in his lap. Talking about feelings and thinking about his own wants are not Dean's forte, and it makes him squirm to be so vulnerable and open. It goes against everything his father taught him about being an Alpha, but Dean figures that probably just proves it's the better choice. His dad always was a bit of a dick.
Cas nods along but he doesn't get a chance to talk further because Dean is already redirecting his attention to the redhead bouncing on her feet next to him.
Cas' fingers go back to their soft petting and Dean's panic eases until he's melting back into his boyfriend with a quiet sigh. He's starting to doze again when Cas whispers above him.
A small creek in the floorboards has Dean's heart breaking as he looks up and sees Adam standing in the middle of the kitchen with wide frightened eyes.
"Fuck, Dean I'm gonna-"Cas breaks off as his body starts to go rigid and his hips lose their rhythm. "Where...Dean where?"
Knocking softly on the door so he doesn't scare the crap out of the poor kid, Dean lets himself into the room. He skips the overhead light in favor of the lamp sitting on top of Emma's dresser. It casts a soft light into the room without blinding them both.
They stumble into the house trying to stay close but tripping over Dean's crutches. Dean takes a moment to cast his eyes around the room to make sure Half-Face didn't sneak out the door while he was focused on Cas. He sees her curled up in her new favorite sleeping spot at the top of the cat tree and breathes a sigh of relief. So far, she hasn't appeared very interested in trying to get out of the house, but Dean doesn't want to take a chance of losing her.
Emma does get up to play with the skinny trailing branches of the willow, trying to swing from them like most kids do, but she gets bored quickly. They head inside for more cartoons, but before Dean can hit play, Emma makes what can only be considered a nest on the couch with her new shark blanket, Dog the moose, her new shark plushie that she informs Dean is named Diva Sparkles, and no less than three throw pillows. She snuggles down into the center, surrounding herself with soft warmth and gives Dean the go ahead to hit play. He doesn't find Spongebob, but she happily settles for Dora the Explorer.
"Oh, I know, but I want to." With that, she saunters out of Castiel's office, her hips swaying in a way that is sure to entice many a wandering eye. Cas just sighs and goes back to collecting his things. It doesn't take very long, and since he's now invested in this little drama involving Dean, he decides to check out his new laptop while he waits for word from Meg. It's almost a full hour later that his phone dings with a new message.
. When Sammy was little, it was one of the only things that could get him to stop crying. I've never really told anyone that before."
He has a few moments to stroke her head and tell her how much he loves her before the nurse takes her to be cleaned up and Dean gets back to the business of pushing.
Dean must have been caught up in his thoughts longer than he realized, because Castiel lets out a huff of frustration.
Dean feels... dizzy. Six years of his life he's wasted on this dead-end job, simply because it was reliable income, something he desperately needed as a single parent, and this was it? Let go with no notice and no time to prepare for the sudden loss of income.
Slick is pooling under him, he's leaking so hard, and all he wants is to feel his mate’s body against his own.
"Okay Emma, it's time to eat and I'm going to give you your options, and you tell me what you want, okay?"
Dean's body locks up tight. His body is so rigid, he's surprised his spine doesn't snap with the pressure.
"Alright, Mr. Blue Eyes, let me get this entered into the computer and you'll be set." Dean sounds a lot more friendly than a few moments ago as he scans the barcode on the side of the box and leans over to tap at the keyboard. "So how's your day goin'?"
"Dean, just the man I was looking for. What's it been, five years since you started working here?" Adler leans back in his chair, steepling his fingers in front of his thin, pursed lips.
"That's perfect, I was hoping a shark would show up today." Cas has the camera ready to go, and he keeps his hand ready on the shutter button as he talks to Emma who's looking at him like he's crazy, but her arms are slowly dropping down to her sides to grip the edge of the bench, and she leans forward just a tad.
He knows Cas hasn't really processed everything that's happened. He knows it will take time, a lot of time, for them to recover from this.
Cas takes in a deep breath, fidgeting with the zipper on his jacket as he waits for Dean to respond, but all Dean can do is stare at the dark-haired man as his brain tries to process what just happened. The words he so desperately wants to say are stuck in his throat, and as time ticks by, Cas starts to sag in front of him.
I want to give a very very special thank you to @Beatrix_Kiddo because not only is she a great beta she helped me figure out how to get these pictures into this chapter for y'all!
"All the food’s safe to eat except the beans. Benny brought them over and didn't know about the herbivores, so they were cooked with pork."
"You should be fine if you wear your mask and stay six feet apart." Cas is rather proud of himself for sounding at least a little witty.
When Cas calls Sam, the Alpha is understanding but surprisingly adamant that Castiel should wait to go on suppressants.
Dean has every intention of putting his foot down, but just then a wave of dizziness washes over him and the only thing keeping Dean from crumpling to the ground is Cas' firm grip on his arms.
The sky was slowly turning purple as the evening crept to night, and Cas made his way back to his car to head home. All in all, it was a good day, and Cas was ready to eat and call it a night.
Dean lets out a low moan and presses forward. It takes a moment to work in past that first tight ring of muscle, but then Dean is sinking into him in a slow slick slide. As soon as Dean's hips meet his ass, Cas wraps his legs around his boyfriend's waist to hold him in place.
The first box he opens is full of junk: old clothes that still reek of alcohol, some old dvds, and a couple of cassette tapes. Dean pockets the tapes and tosses the rest into a garbage bag. The next box is full of paperwork, but Dean can see what looks like the edges of a few old photos, so he kicks over an old Home Depot bucket and takes a seat to start sifting through the papers.
And that was true. Dean knew he was going to need all the help he could get, but he also remembers what it was like to be a kid and feel like he'd lost everything. No amount of good intentions had been able to curb his anger until he was good and ready. So, Dean puts in for FMLA at the office and gets to work on his house.
Dean can only nod. When the wave of pain starts to fade he grabs hold of Cas and they make their way outside to the car.
"Looks like someone's looking for you, little birdie. Better fly away home before you get in trouble."
They lay together for long minutes, just breathing each other in and running fingertips along sweaty skin, come cooling between them and seeping from Cas once Dean gingerly pulls out.
"I was scared Dean, my mom was a drug addict that cared more about her next fix than her daughters. She died of an overdose well before I ever met you, and my sisters...my sisters were lost to the system. I don't even know if they're still alive. I was
Dean's stomach plummets as Emma's eyes fill with tears once again. He knew that sales lady was full of shit.
"Well, you let me know how it goes, and I'll think about it. For now, I'm good with things as they are."
Cas still smelled sweet, like lemon frosting, and it would still probably be at least another day before he was completely back to himself, but it was manageable.
Over the next few days, Castiel spent his mornings hydrating and using his own hands to bring him some relief until he can't hold out any longer, and the Omega would send out a text to Sam for his daily deposit. After the first day, their system had evolved into Cas sending a text and a few minutes later, a loud knock would sound on his door. He'd drag himself away from his nest just long enough to grab the little plastic cup from where Sam was now just leaving it by his door. Like a man possessed, Cas would quickly load up a new syringe and get the Alpha seed as deep inside himself as he could. He'd spend five minutes with his hips tilted skyward and then he'd get his first and only blessed relief for the day.
When they break apart panting against each other's lips, Cas looks into Dean's darkening eyes and swallows down his nerves. He knows what he wants. He just has to ask.
Cas lets out a slow breath through his nose as he leans back in his own chair, letting his legs stretch put under the table.
Karen a run for their money, with fighting, skipping school, and just being a general pain in the ass. And Dean can't help but wonder if his struggle with Emma isn't some kind of cosmic payback.
The sound of voices in the hall growing louder by the second shakes Dean back into action. If he gets his class out late, then it will just throw off every group after him.
"I'm sorry, Cas. I was trying to be romantic, waking you up with kisses, but you were being stubborn."
He tries to roll away from Cas' touch but the odd weight on his back throws him off balance and he ends up on the floor instead. He finds the cold press of the concrete against his bare torso oddly grounding.
In no time at all, three squeaky clean kids are sitting around the table a little more awake after their showers and happily slurping down soup and munching on a few saltines Dean found in the cupboard. He pours them each a glass of juice and starts the kettle before heading back to wake up Cas.
"Uhh, well I'm guessin' y'all probably have a lot to talk about. Sam, I was wondering if you could help me out with somethin' over at my house."
Bobby had done his best, and Dean loved the man for it. The old grump had given up a lot of years to raise two kids that shouldn't have been his problem, and the thought of crashing into his life again made Dean's gut twist with guilt. So Bobby would have to be a last resort.
Now that Dean's got the computer in front of him, it's easy to see where Cas went wrong with his setup, and it's hardly 15 minutes before he's done. Cas looks both relieved and a little embarrassed by how easily Dean took care of something he had obviously struggled with. They sit in awkward silence for a few minutes, Dean tapping his fingers along his thighs and trying not to stare at the beautiful man sitting next to him. The quiet has drawn out just long enough that Dean figures he should excuse himself, but when he turns to Cas, he finds hopeful blue eyes already staring into his own.
Emma studies the moose very seriously, turning it this way and that, before nodding firmly and declaring, "Dog."
“You know what I mean,” Dean said, thanking the bartender as she delivered their drinks. “But how are things at the museum?”
He peeled a few bills from his wallet and tossed them down on the counter. “Thanks for the recommendation, doc,” he said. “I’ll be seeing you tomorrow.” He clapped Castiel on the shoulder as he stood.
Cas chewed on his thumbnail, letting his own thoughts percolate. His gut said the same as Anna, but the alternative motives were far more unsettling to ponder.
Castiel opened a drawer and pulled something out, but Dean couldn’t see what it was behind the counter. “Too bad we couldn’t feel all our manly little feelings about ten minutes ago; maybe we could have avoided this.”
Dean turns to look at him, embarrassment clear on his face now that it's obvious Castiel could hear everything they were saying. Cas tilts his chin in a slight nod to let Dean know he's got it from here, and with clear relief, Dean steps back with his hands up in surrender. Emma eyes Castiel with suspicion.
Ringing the doorbell goes unanswered, so after a few awkward moments of indecision, Cas lets himself in. The house is empty but the back slider is open to just the screen door, and Cas can hear music, a few shrieks of laughter, and the murmur of people chatting.
Cas chuckles but shakes his head. "Honestly Dean the whole reason I brought a lunch is because I knew there wouldn't be food here for me. I'm a vegetarian, so no meat."
It takes a few moments to gather everyone. Once the kids are sitting in front of them in a loose half circle and the rest of the party goers are settled down, Dean slips his hand into Cas'.
The room isn't large but it's clean and smells like fresh laundry. Since he didn't sleep in it last night, Dean's bed is still made up with his nice slate grey comforter and matching sheets with no less than four plump pillows just calling Dean's name. The lone night stand is cleared of all the old cups that had accumulated over the last week, leaving just a slim reading lamp and a single book on top.
on the link to his wings. It takes a lot more thought than controlling any of his other limbs, but he
"You okay, Sammy?" He moves to stand next to Sam and gets a look at what his brother is staring at. There, right on top of the assortment of random junk thrown in the box, is a picture of their mother Mary with a baby Sam on her hip and a young Dean tucked against her side. She's smiling, and the sun is shining behind her, making her golden hair light up like a halo. They're standing in front of a white farmhouse, and it sparks a faint memory in Dean.
Levi lets out a big yawn from where he's cradled against Cas' chest and starts sucking furiously on his little fist.
"Yeah, sorry about that," Dean laughs nervously and adjusts Emma in his arms where she's dozed off, drooling lightly on his shoulder.
Before Dean can even blink, Emma has splattered warm mashed potato all over the front of Castiel's shirt, who's blinking down at the mess just as surprised as Emma to see it there. Emma starts to cry immediately, but the look on Cas' face is just too much for Dean, and he bursts out laughing. Emma's tears dry up hearing Dean laugh, and Cas is soon chuckling, too.
He loves that Dean is having their babies. He loves that he's the one who put them there. Dean pregnant is a beautiful thing and Cas wants to pamper him the way Dean pampered him.
Cas sits in bed and watches Dean sleep. He was supposed to be reading over the edits his publisher had sent back to him but he found his mind wandering.
"Thanks Mrs. B., really, but we'll be fine. I have enough saved up to get us by for a few months, and I'm sure I'll have a new job in no time."
Cas smiles down at her while trying to scan the area for a parent or other guardian looking for a lost child.
Over the next few months, things had shifted slowly. One day while watching a movie with Cas, bantering back and forth about how it wasn't important for the action to be realistic, just badass, Dean realizes they'd had the whole conversation in their heads. The first side effect of the bond had set in. A telepathic link between Dean and Cas. After testing it out, an overly excited Sam bouncing around asking questions every three minutes, they found there was no apparent limit to the link. Across space and time, Dean could always hear Cas and Cas could always hear Dean. It was really handy on hunts and for when Dean decided to send Cas lewd suggestions while the angel was talking to Sam, just to see him get flustered.
They spend over an hour picking out their outfits. With Emma's help, Dean ends up in his nicest pair of dark blue jeans paired with a lighter blue button up denim shirt and a mauve tie with little white polka dots. He was going to leave it at that, but Emma wasn't done rummaging through his closet. She wiggled her way out from the very depths of his hangers with a cardigan that had been a gift from Karen. It’s the one he only wears to Christmas dinner to prove to his aunt he still owns it.
"If you use me to hurt yourself again, little Omega, I'll make you wait until your next heat for my knot." Cas punctuates his words with a hard thrust that rocks Dean down into the mattress.
That seems to finally smooth down Bea's ruffled feathers, and she goes back to eating. The rest of breakfast is spent listening to the kids excitedly talk about the arcade and how Teddy and Jamie had tag teamed a game that involved knocking down clowns to get the jackpot twice. This leads Bea to run and fetch her new doll from her room. Anna was right, it's the ugliest thing Cas has yet to lay eyes on, but Bea keeps it cradled against her shoulder like a real baby the whole time she eats, and he doesn't have the heart to get rid of it. He's pretty sure he sees Dean shudder after she shows it to him, and Cas has to push down the urge to laugh at him.
Dean's cheeks flush pink as he walks over a bowl of soup and the mug of tea, setting them in front of his boyfriend. He's not really sure how to respond to that, so he just ducks his head and moves back to the stove to spoon out his own bowl of soup.
"Hey kiddo, it's okay. Can you open your eyes? I promise I'm not upset, Emma. I should have shown you where the bathroom was before bed. It's not your fault you had an accident."
It's almost overwhelming how much Dean makes Cas feel. The love swirling in his heart and the sharp ping of arousal in his gut are mixing together in a haze of desire that burns through him. He's never wanted someone inside him so much.
A blush blooms across Dean's cheeks and Cas marvels that he can still affect his husband in such a way.
Dean groans and tilts his head to give Cas better access as he starts to leave wet sucking kisses along his neck and shoulder.
But even though the house wasn't magazine perfect, Dean always tried his best to make it warm and welcoming and a safe place for Vada.
"Oh no sorry, I'm Castiel." The man's gruff voice and stern look made Cas nervous enough that the next part comes out like a question. "Uh...Dean invited me?"
Dean gives a distracted nod. He can see one of his girls, Elizabeth, not looking where she's going, which is a recipe for disaster as the girl was a bit accident prone.
Sam had offered to make room for them at his place in California, but Dean had declined. Sam should be focusing on school, not his pathetic brother's problems. Plus, Dean knows how much Sam hasd been looking forward to asking his girlfriend Jess to move in with him, and he didn't need Dean and Vada there derailing his life. No, Dean would figure this out without burdening his little brother.
July is flying by fast, and it isn't long before Dean brings Emma into the Studio for her first calendar session. The theme is easy enough with such a big holiday during the month, so Cas rolls out the fireworks background, and Emma shows up like a one-kid 4th-of-July parade.
Heading down the hallway, Dean finds his daughter sitting on the floor of her bedroom bent over a pile of colorful Legos. Her long, light brown hair is pulled back into a loose ponytail with more of her hair falling out and by her face than tied back. Thick glasses sit perched on the end of her nose, no doubt having slid down as she focused on the task at hand. Summer was just beginning, but already her nose was covered in freckles, and the tips of her ears were pink where Dean forgot to apply sunblock.
Dean's not sure if he should be offended or feel complimented by that, and it must show on his face because Castiel backpedals quickly.
"I loves you, Papa," Emma whispers like it's a secret and Dean freezes. It's hard not to cry hearing those words for the first time, but he doesn't want to break down and freak her out.
Then there were all these people rushing in and...and...there was blood, so much blood. And then the doctor was there, Sam, and he was saying something about a hemorrhage."
Dean nods eagerly at Cas' teasing tone. Nothing would make him happier than providing for Cas and their pup, and he quickly has Cas settled on a stool at the kitchen island as he starts to dig in the fridge for an idea of what to make.
"There were complications though Sammy. They couldn't stop the bleeding. They...they had to do a hysterectomy. I had to,
Cas still has a few pictures and knickknacks he wanted to pick up now that he knows he won't be coming back indefinitely. He spots his supervisor Meg in her office across the hall from his own as he gets closer.
Cas worries at his lip and wonders if this will be a point of contention between them. This is their first time really having a sex talk, but Cas hopes they can come to a mutually satisfying agreement.
Everything is quiet for the span of one breath and then the yard fills with voices as people start to excitedly talk over each other.
It was almost a week ago that Dean had stood watching Emma through the window of his aunt Karen's kitchen as she slowly crept closer to Bobby, who'd been sitting on the porch in his wheelchair quietly whittling a small horse out of a chunk of cherry wood.
"Uh, ya know, about as well as to be expected. We had a pretty early morning, so Emma is already down for a nap."
"What I meant was that I'm engaged to be mated. My Alpha made a public claim, but we're waiting for my heat to mate."
He can feel Dean's come starting to leak from his puffy hole and finally he collapses to the bed. Careful not to land on Dean's vulnerable midsection.
While his brain tries to wrestle with this delayed realization, Emma breaks away from him to grab the moose Sam had sent, and she clutches it to herself tightly before placing her hand back into Dean's and staring at him expectantly.
Jamie pops his head out of his blanket pile to look at Dean. His cheeks are rosy with fever, and his little voice sounds terrible when he speaks.
Emma cries quietly into her backpack, and Dean desperately racks his brain for a way to cheer her up without making it obvious his own heart is breaking. Remembering the box sitting on the kitchen counter, Dean stands up quickly to retrieve it.
"Of course we can, Jamie. Come on, let’s get in the car. I left it running right out front so it would stay warm."
Cas slowly comes to a stop some four miles from home in the middle of a park he hadn't realized he was in. Never before has Castiel's heart and mind been so out of sync. Maybe he should talk to Sam and get the opinion of someone less conflicted. Turning on his heel, Cas starts back towards home and hopefully a final decision.
Later, he'll have time to fret and be nervous, but for now Cas lets his body rest and his heart hope.
Leaning back in his chair, Dean lets out a deep sigh and rubs at his face until he sees spots swimming behind his eyelids. The bills are spread out in front of him on the kitchen table. There's a lot of red ink on display.
Thank you to all of you lovely readers as well and for all the comments y'all have been leaving. I love everyone of them!
Dean watches Sam stalk out of the garage as he pulls his cell out of his back pocket. Dean can't let himself get his hopes up as much as he would like to. Hope only leads to heartache, no matter how much Sam thinks otherwise.
As they're making their way out to the track, he feels a tug on his sleeve. He turns to see Castiel giving him a small smile.
Dean felt a stab of guilt thinking of his brother. Now that Emma was being introduced to family, it seemed wrong not to have Sam here as well. Dean resolved to fix that as soon as possible; for now though, he watched as Karen fixed Bobby's plate while she talked quietly to Emma. Slowly, the little girl came around, and by the time dinner was on the table, she was chatting away, telling Karen all about what Bobby had shown her on the porch. When Dean sets Emma's plate down in front of her, he expects a tantrum and he only hopes there won't be any food throwing this time.
As he moves through the house, he sees what looks like a mountain of laundry spilling from the laundry room, and when he finally reaches the family room he finds an explosion of blankets, empty cups, stuffed animals, and DVDs scattered on the floor. And right smack in the middle of it all are the three Novak children, barely visible under their blankets as they stare glassy eyed at cartoons playing on the tv.
"That sounds wonderful Dean. I'd love to come." A sudden coughing fit racks Dean and has Cas patting his back with concern. "Are you alright?"
He's just getting ready to call it a night when another website catches his eye. It's an anonymous chat group for people with fertility issues. Castiel isn't sure he really fits that description but figures it might be helpful, so he makes a profile and starts clicking through the different discussion forums. He's deep in the comment sections of a thread about an Omega who ended up having triplets after 6 years of trying when a little notification for a private message popped up on his screen.
„Hey, Charlie. I‘ve missed you,“ he said, still holding onto her, giving her a kiss on the head. She pulled away, then, the joy on her face turning into a mixture of concern and bewilderment.. „Why are you here so early?“
Cas sucks in a sharp breath and goes still under him, and Dean panics while his brain tries to work through the fog of fever.
"No, it wasn't a very busy night. I'll just freshen up real quick and change in the bathroom. Thank you, Dean."
"I might not have a partner, but I'm not single. I'm a package deal, and there is nothing on this earth that means more to me than my children. So, I can't just think about what I want. I have to also think about what would be best for them. So, if you really want to date me, you need to understand that I can't do casual. Even if we don't stay together forever, I need to know there is at least the possibility of a future before I allow myself or my kids to get any more attached than we already are. Also, you're the boys' teacher, and they are flourishing in school, in no small part thanks to you. If we don't work out, I can't have that affecting them. We've been through a lot and I know it sounds crazy and it's probably way too much pressure just for a date, but I need you to know what you would be getting yourself into. Because Dean, I'm not going to lie, I really like you, and the children like you, and I can see us being something really special, but if you're just looking to have some fun or if you're only interested in..." -- Cas' eyes flick down to stare at Dean's mouth -- "...sex, then just let me know now, because as much as I would enjoy that, I don't think it would be possible for me to have an intimate realationship with you and not get attached. So yes, I would like to go out with you, but I can't do casual."
They have grilled chicken salad for dinner since Cas doesn't want anything heavy sitting in his stomach when the cramps really get going. Plus, he likes fueling up with lots of greens before his body spends the next few days living off of bland dense protein bars and too-sweet Gatorade.
Despite being 30 years old, Dean's brain can often be found slithering around in the primordial ooze which is mostly present in the minds of pubescent 14-year-old boys. It's this part of his inner monologue that tells him he'd gladly take Cas' "tip," and Dean flushes bright red at the thought.
Dean shushes him and squirms down until he can kiss him, letting his tongue fuck into Cas' mouth the way he likes.
Cas blushes but moves forward to set his bags down in the kitchen. Dean takes the carrier and carefully removes his little buddy for a cuddle. Half-Face immediately starts purring and rubbing her face along the rough stubble of his chin.
It was easy to see Lydia in the face of this tiny girl standing in front of him with short sandy hair and angry green eyes, in her Spongebob shirt, denim overalls, and dirty trainers. And Dean could even admit to seeing a bit of himself in those eyes and the downward turn of her mouth, but he couldn't deny the insane resemblance to Sammy at this same age, and it makes his heart clench tight in his chest.
And just like that, Dean's whole life is turned upside down. Because apparently Lydia didn't just fuck off to the east coast all those years ago... no, she fucked off after finding out she was pregnant with
Cas tugs on Dean's hand, pulling their threaded fingers close enough to kiss Dean's knuckles gently.
"Daddy, are you surprised? Mr. Dean said we should let ya sleep and you'd be so surprised an' happy if we made breakfast!"
Dean watches as his mate walks over to open the back door and close the screen. They've got every window and door open to air out the house before Bobby gets there with the pups. The old Beta’s nose might not be as sensitive as an Alpha’s or Omega’s, but he'd be hard pressed to miss the stench of sex and Omega heat that lingered in the house.
The kids hop up to grab plates piled high with fluffy eggs, crispy bacon and sliced fruit. Cas' stomach rumbles and his mouth waters at the sight. The table is already set up with glasses of orange juice and just about every condiment a person could need. It was just missing a few things, so Cas grabs some napkins and the silverware along with his own plate and they get settled in the breakfast nook.
There's only a week and a half left of Dean's leave, and the last week was reserved for getting Emma settled into her new daycare. An art show may not sound like the most exciting thing for a four-year-old, but she likes Cas and she'd acted interested in his pictures when he talked about them, so Dean is hoping it might cheer her up.
A few minutes later, a message comes through with a half dozen links to advice columns, position diagrams, and discussion threads about couples who struggled to conceive and how they overcame their issues to have pups. It was a treasure trove, and Cas ended up staying up reading until the new day’s light was peeking through the windows. Exhausted but feeling more hopeful than ever, Cas shuts down his computer and crawls into his bed for some much needed sleep.
Cas smiles into the pillow and presses back into Dean. The familiar smell of fresh rain surrounds him now that Dean has returned. There is always an ache, dull and in the back of his mind and heart when they're separated. An ache that he doesn't realise is there until it's gone. He silently hopes there are no more big hunts that will take Dean away before the baby comes.
So Sam would hang out and catch up on his reading while Cas stayed locked away in his room attempting to shoot Alpha come far enough up his ass to catch.
Cas rolls to his side and throws a leg over Dean. He props his head up with one hand and starts rubbing against the swell of his husband's belly.
"If it makes you feel better, I used to watch him too, but as a teenager, and I had a major crush on him."
Dean stretches out alongside Castiel and breaks the kiss with a happy little sigh. Cas is guided to his side so Dean can plaster against his back, bringing one arm around his waist to support the weight of his belly.
At his ex-husband’s house, the housekeeper kept everything spit-spot, and the kitchen, which had been photographed several times for various magazines, was more for show than for home cooked meals. Before the kids had been born, they had dined out three or four times a week, always at some up-and-coming new restaurant that Jay had heard about from some well-to-do business associate. It was always pretentious, snobby cuisine served in multiple courses, so small they were laughable, with prices that could feed a family of four for a month.
Dean feels good, happy, hopeful as he drives his brother and an exhausted Emma home, Sam smirking at him and wiggling his eyebrows the whole way.
With a sigh, Dean leans his hip against the chipped formica of the counter top and swipes a warm cookie off the tray still cooling on the stove.
Dean chuckles and finally takes a bite out of his own ham and swiss sandwich. They chew in companionable silence for a bit before Charlie starts talking around the bite she's currently working on.
On Thursday, Dean tackles his office. It's been long enough since he last cleaned up in here that the memory of the last time he organized his desk is fuzzy at best. It takes hours to go through all of the old paperwork he's let pile up, and more than half of it is able to go into the shredder. He tests every pen he comes across and tosses all the dried up ones. He sorts his paperclips by color and boots up his old monster of a desktop computer to organize all his files by subject and date. He blasts all his favorite music and sings along loudly and mostly off key. He ends up getting distracted playing solitaire on the computer until 1:00 am before dragging himself to bed and falling asleep.
This was Dean's favorite part of the day. He doubts he'll ever experience the same pure joy his daughter radiates when she sees him.
Emma gives him her first smile since arriving on his doorstep yesterday. It's a small quiet thing, but it changes her whole face, and Dean is momentarily struck by the reality of their situation. That this is his daughter and even though he missed the first four years of her life, he was now responsible for making sure she grew into a well-adjusted adult.
By the time Cas' heat ends, both Alpha and Omega are frazzled and exhausted, but they part ways cautiously optimistic that their endeavor was successful. Cas promises to call Sam as soon as he knows anything, and then Castiel is once again left alone. He takes some time to change his sheets, start a load of laundry, and take out the trash.
"Yeah okay, um well, this is the kitchen and the living room, the slider goes to the backyard." Dean starts walking down the hallway off the living room, and Cas follows behind with curious eyes. "Bathroom, Emma's room, and um my room which also has a bathroom.
Dean watches him leave with a smile plastered across his face and his heart feeling like it's too big for his chest. Rolling onto his back and staring at the ceiling, Dean can feel it all the way down to his bones, that this is the start of something amazing.
"Gabe said he wanted to take the long way home. I think he plans on stopping at Kali's, so it's just us."
"Dad said I could print these out and make a photo book, but I was wondering if I could maybe get some extras to send to mom. I think she'd like the rabbit."
, the little Beta had been plagued with nightmares and would wake up crying and eventually end up in his parents' bed. Cas would feel guilty that Daisy was all alone, so she would join them too in a moses basket. After a couple of months when Daisy was sleeping for longer stretches and Matty was having less nightmares, they moved both pups back to their own beds. It was Dean's idea to put the crib in with Matty. He didn't feel so alone at night, and Cas was able to check on him during night time feedings.
A huge giant amazing thank you to my beta @Beatrix_Kiddo who edited this very last minute so I could get it out to y'all today 🥰.
"I want it all with you too Cas. If that's what you want then I'm with you all the way. There are lots of pups who need homes out there, but just know that as long as I have you and Matty and Daisy, I'm happy."
Usually Dean wasn't far from the bunker, always hovering nearby and making sure Castiel had enough to eat and didn't overwork himself. Today was a different matter, though. Castiel's brother Gabe had gone to break up a coven of witches and had gotten in over his head. Sam, Dean's brother and the only other angel the Novak boys trusted, had already left to help a hunter named Eileen with a werewolf in Texas. So Dean had kissed Castiel's forehead, brushed cool hands along the hunter’s rolling belly, and promised to be home soon.
"Why didn't you tell me?" Even to his own ears, Dean can hear the hurt in his voice, and he tries to reign it in before
"Don't cry, sweetheart," Dean peppers little kisses along Cas' forehead, his temple, the corner of his mouth. Cas' hands grip tight to his shirt as he buries his face against Dean's chest, a small sob escaping his lips.
"Cas," is all Dean gets out before he drives in deep enough for Cas to feel his heavy balls resting against the cleft of his ass, and Dean lets go. Wet heat floods Cas' insides, and he draws his boyfriend down to kiss Dean through the shudders that rack his body as he fills Cas up.
He hopes he's not getting sick. Dean just hit thirty-seven weeks and it wouldn't be long before the twins made their debut. He didn't want to miss the birth because of a silly cold.
Dean gently brushes a few stray hairs off of Cas' forehead before ducking down to press a soft kiss on the side of his mouth and to the crease between his brows.
Loud stomping outside the door alerted Dean to the arrival of his husband and daughter as they came in laughing and shaking snow from their clothes. Just this morning, Emma had received her very first camera after a year of her following Cas like a shadow whenever he was working, and the pair had gone out to give it a test run.
It's slow going. Every time they unearth one of Vada's old toys or baby gear, Dean has to wrestle with the thought of giving it up. Logically, he knows it's not likely he'll have another baby, and Vada certainly doesn't need it. Sam can see he's struggling though, and after he gently suggests donating the items to a shelter, Dean finds it a lot easier to let the stuff go. It helps to think Vada's old things might be going to a family that's having as rough a start as he did.
Dean grumbles all the way to the bathroom until they're both wrapped together under the warm spray "washing" each other while sharing soft kisses.
One thing you can always count on at these events is that they bring their birds of prey to do demonstrations of their work, and Sam has always been a sucker for bird facts. Emma would no doubt go a little crazy for them, too. They pile out of the car, Sam unbuckling Emma and Dean grabbing the small backpack he's taken to carrying with him wherever they go. Emma might be too big to need a diaper bag per se, but Dean found it was still a good idea to have a few things like a change of clothes and a lot of baby wipes on hand. Once they're set, Emma now riding high on Sam's shoulders, they make their way through the small crowd.
It's hard to see her now and not think of that person he knew before. She looks good, hair a little shorter and a few more lines on her face, but still beautiful as ever. She certainly didn't look like any criminal Dean had ever met. If anything, she looked like a hot soccer mom.
Right now, he was standing in front of the long mirror that hung on his closet door. Fresh from the shower, his skin was pink from the heat and still slightly damp. His dark hair was still wet enough to look almost black, forming gentle curls around his temples as it attempted to dry wild and free.
The restaurant is more of a diner, and it's obvious it's been around for a long time, but it's clean and the staff is friendly. Emma winds up with a short stack of fish-shaped blueberry pancakes, Dean gets his seafood, and Cas is pleasantly surprised by how good his soup is.
"Nice to meet ya formally. You took Christmas photos of my girls, and we can't recommend you enough." Benny points to the two young girls running around with Emma and then at a woman with long dark hair sitting in a lawn chair and laughing with a young blonde woman. "That's the missus there, Andrea."
That night with Sam snoring away on the single bed the boys shared and Adam tucked in beside him, Dean sat at their rickety kitchen table and started making lists. He wrote down the cost of rent, utilities, food, clothes, shoes, books, toilet paper, everything he could think of that would get them through the month, bare minimum. All in total, even when cutting his portion of the food budget in half, removing the cost of his suppressants he'd hoped to finally refill with John's next paycheck, and the savings if they parked the car, Dean would still need a little over $2,000 just to get them through a single month. And that was only if CPS didn't catch them first.
Tomorrow the rest of their family will come visit and the kids will get to meet their new brother and sister.
Castiel spends the majority of the day at work. He's a beat cop at their local precinct, and the first time Dean saw the Alpha in his city blues was like a religious experience. Every evening he gets home from work, wraps his arms around Dean where the Omega is standing in the kitchen cooking, and kisses the Omega's cheek. After greeting the boys, Cas goes off to shower and change into lounge pants and an old tee. Dean has to struggle not to just abandon the meal to rub up against him. The Alpha always looks so soft and snuggly in his sleep clothes. They sit together at the table while they eat and talk about their day. Afterwards, Sammy and Adam clear the table and wash the dishes, and they watch a show before it's time for the boys to go to bed.
As if he knows what Castiel is thinking, and he probably does, Dean's arms tighten ever so slightly around the hunter.
on keeping it a surprise. The nerves were more about what might happen this evening because, while they haven't exactly been saving themselves for any particular moment, with Dean's leg, Cas' work schedule, plus the kids always being around, they hadn't actually found the right time to "go all the way," so to speak.
I was sad today. Mrs. Milton wouldn't leave me alone when I asked to sit inside for recess, and she told me she was going to send me to the nurse if I didn't tell her why I didn't want to play. I told her about dad."
"Oh...” Disappointment sits heavy in Dean's stomach but he realizes that even if it's not a good time for a relationship, he could certainly use a friend and he'd like to get to know Castiel better. "Uh, actually Cas, would you, that is if you're not busy, would you like to walk with us for a bit?"
He spent minutes, hours, days worshipping Dean's skin, tasting every surface down to the arches of his elegant feet, but it wasn't until Dean was babbling, begging Cas to stop teasing, that he finally gave in and wrapped his lips around the swollen head of Dean's cock.
"So, what were you hoping to do today? Family pictures? Just Emma? Anything specific you wanted?" It isn't lost on Castiel that Taylor didn't walk back with the pair to bridge the introduction gap.
The smell coming from the crockpot on his counter brings thoughts of a different man once again to the forefront of Cas' mind. He had been more than a little surprised to see the teacher in the ER the other night but had done his best to remain professional. He can't deny the tiny spark of jealousy he'd felt when he saw the other man in the room with Dean. It was clear the two were close but it shouldn't have been such a relief to learn they were brothers. After all, what did it matter to Castiel if Dean had a boyfriend or girlfriend or whatever? It was none of his business.
The thought of Dean fucking him while slick and come leaks from his ass has Cas crying out his release, emptying his spend deep inside his mate as Dean moves on top of him.
An insistent knocking drags Dean from the wrong side of the bed and straight into a pissy mood. It's way too early for anyone decent to be at his door, so he tries to peek out the window without getting caught. The Omega's heart clenches tight in his chest when he sees a stocky middle-aged man with thin hair and a badge standing on their doorstep. Fuck, they got here way earlier than Dean had expected.
Shaking his head before realizing Dean can't see him through the phone, Cas responds, "No, um, you can come over."
As the afternoon ran into the evening, and Dean pulled out marshmallows for the kids to roast over the grill, Cas can't help but to feel grateful for the green-eyed man and his easy acceptance and willingness to share his family with Cas.
Dean breathes in deep, and Cas can see him shift and his eyes darken with lust from across the room.
Nothing was going to change tonight, so Dean heaves himself up from the table, his legs tingling harshly from sitting for so long, and drops in a heap onto their lumpy couch. The house only has two bedrooms, and while John's bed is now up for dibs, Dean doesn't even think about using it before he can buy new sheets. The Omega shuts his eyes and tries to quiet his mind.
"Cas," it's all he can manage at the moment and Dean drops his head low till he can press it into Cas' shoulder.
Cas can't keep from reaching down to stroke his own neglected cock at the sight of Dean naked and hard. Judging by the smirk his boyfriend sends him, Dean knows exactly what he's doing to the dark haired man, too. Cas may have been a bit nervous, but he's no wilting flower. Spreading his legs a bit wider, he trails his free hand slowly down his body, Dean's eyes glued to its path as he reaches his balls and rolls them gently in his grasp.
He pressed up against his mate’s back where he was anxiously staring out the window. Cas had taken to fatherhood so naturally and Dean didn't think there was a sight more beautiful than his mate and pups. He can't help his hands slipping down to splay across Cas' belly. He knows the other Omega is a little shy about his leftover baby weight, but Dean loves it. He wonders what it would be like if he could get Cas pregnant.
The kids’ bedding is severely lacking in Spongebob, but they find a shark set that has Emma downright giddy, and Dean maybe goes a little overboard, filling the cart with the sheet set, the comforter, the decorative throw pillows, and even a few stuffed sharks to round the whole thing out. The cart is already overflowing, and they haven't even gotten to the clothes section yet.
"Don't get too comfortable, Dean. We're going to need to shower and get dressed before we can fall asleep. Trust me, morning comes very early with kids in the house."
Not wanting to lose momentum now that Emma was talking to him, Dean tries to keep the conversation going.
After finishing his tea, Cas figures he has just enough time for a quick shower before the kids get home. Stepping under the spray of the shower, Castiel feels tension he hadn't known he was carrying release.The hot water slides down his back and eases his tired muscles. He takes a minute to just let the water do its work before finally reaching for a washcloth and his soap.
"Well I do. If you'd like I can give you my number. I'd be happy to help you with meat-free meal ideas, or I could uh, I could maybe show you how to make a few things, if you were interested in that."
"What is it, Cas?" He has a feeling he knows the answer before Castiel even opens his mouth but he has to ask anyway, has to be sure.
"Do you have a pair of sweats I could borrow? I don't want to get into your bed with my scrubs on. Even if they don't look dirty they've been exposed to all my patients throughout the night."
"I'm in the early stages yet. I was thinking of making dinner real quick before I head to my room if you'd like to join me. Once things ramp up, I'll text you when I'm ready, so keep your phone handy."
