“I see...let me see if he has any injuries.” the healer said as he walked over to Tony and began to look over him. The healer then started to look over Tony in general before moving on to inspecting each of his limbs before finally taking a look at his head.
“Steve...I’m not feeling very well.” Tony spoke, holding his stomach and covering his mouth with one of his hands.
“I was, but it turns out that being depressed gets pretty old after a while. I lost my love for skating and I wanted it back. I thought if I copied Steve like we did in the old days, it would help. Hope. I’ve been thinking...“
“We’ve encountered them recently and they’ve been giving us a lot of trouble,” River spoke.
Tony had told him his shield didn’t actually belong to him. Funny that Tony hadn’t mentioned anything about the ring. So Steve kept it on his finger, clinging to the forlorn hope that maybe one day he and Tony would come back together and fulfill the promise they made to each other.
“Healer, it’s been a week since we last saw you, and Tony isn’t feeling any better. I’m honestly getting scared about his health.” fretted Steve as he held onto Tony’s arm.
Tony hesitates for a minute before opening his mouth and uses his tongue to lick the head and make little sucking noises to test out doing this. Steve closes his eyes and lets out moans of pleasure before opening them again and looking down at Tony working his magic on his cock.
“Keep making those wonderful sounds Tony, I want to hear everything.” Steve said huskily as he slipped Tony out of the dress and tossed it across the room. “Don’t think I’m leaving you out of this.”
Hey guys, it's been a while. Don't worry, I'm not abandoning this fic. I just have school and I want to be focusing on that more than writing but I have been doing bits of this chapter here and there and now the latest chapter is FINALLY done after 2 months of waiting. Hope you guys enjoy!
Steve then put one of his hands around Anthony’s neck and pressed lightly. Anthony felt a rush of adrenaline through his body with Steve pressing on his neck, may have even felt a bit more turned on.
In Tony’s mind, he wonders
“Thank you. Now let’s be on our way Tony.” Steve spoke before him and Tony left the room to relax for the day.
“So Tony, there’s a group of other wolves that are in my pack and I would like for you to meet them. What do you think?” said Steve as both of them backed away from each other.
Pepper brings up one more fish and Happy returns with one more item before Rhodey said “Time to head back to the cabin, found some good stuff today.” and then they all started picking up the fish and items that Happy found and make their way back to the cabin.
Steve led Anthony over to a chair in the corner of the room and sat down in it while pull Tony in his lap to face him.
After speaking, both of them leave the stables and are on their way.
After Tony finished his coffee, he sat in the chair in front of the fireplace. He began to ponder “Is there actually an Alpha out there for me? Is there actually a mate out there for me?” before getting up and walking to the kitchen to put his cup in the sink.
“Good day my cabinet, there is some important news that I have to tell you all. Dear Tony is pregnant and the kingdom must know of the delightful news.” Steve spoke as he looked at every member of the table. “There will need to be a notice posted to the public in the following weeks. Everyone must know the news. Plaster it all across the kingdom in papers and shop windows.”
Steve then pulled away from Anthony and looked at him in the eyes, doing that made it feel like such a tender moment between them.
Tony, Rhodey, Pepper, Natasha, and Happy worked at Stark Industries. Tony was the founder of the company but didn’t feel like taking the position of CEO so he handed that to Pepper. Tony took the position of CTO where he would be developing basically all of the tech that Stark Industries would be selling to the public. Rhodey also worked in RnD alongside Tony. They worked great together and didn’t cause too many explosions. Although Pepper would disagree with that statement. Happy was in charge of security at Stark Industries and he did a great job of it. And finally, Natasha was in charge of legal and she was ruthless. Nobody wanted to mess with SI after she’d gotten done with them.
They all continued this pattern for a few days before they reached the next state: Kansas. After they crossed the border into the state, Tony felt a breath of fresh air knowing that he was now far from his father and he was moving further towards a new life with his mate and future family.
“Tony, why would you come and get involved in this? I would be devastated if I lost you.”
Upon Steve laying out the plans of announcing the pregnancy, everyone else at the table nodded their heads.
Here it is guys, the final chapter. Hope you enjoyed reading it. I'm so glad to have this over with and I can now get started on my other fic projects like my POTS stocking stuffers, a mini Phase 7 Christmas fic with Shadows, a Marvel X Winx Club project, and something that I will be writing that is based on the trauma that I suffered in my childhood. Can't wait for all that.
“Anthony, there’s something that I want to do for you but I want you to trust me but tell me to stop when you feel uncomfortable at any point. Do you trust me?”
After traveling for a good 10 minutes, the 4 wolves come across a river in which they could see some fish swimming in. Rhodey and Pepper jumped into the river and started to hunt for some fish to bring back for dinner. Happy goes off to retrieve some miscellaneous items in the forest if he found anything. Tony decided to go explore the forest a little while everyone else was doing their own thing.
Tony nodded and tried shifting into his human form to go to sleep but for some reason...he couldn’t shift back. He let out some whines to let Steve know something is wrong.
“With his fifth consecutive gold in the World Skating Championships, Steven Rogers has made history here tonight!” Happy said.
Shadows: Hey there! Did anyone ask for even more character introductions and maybe a little bit of kissing? Because that’s what you’re getting. Enjoy!!
The pack found another not-so rundown hotel and that’s where they stayed for the night. Steve shifted out of his wolf form and changed into his pajamas and got under the covers. Tony jumped right onto the side of the bed that Steve wasn’t using and laid down. Before he turned off the lamp, Steve sat on the bed while still under the covers and rubbed Tony’s big belly. Steve was in heaven knowing that he felt his pups and he’ll be able to see them soon. He put his ear to Tony’s belly and could hear his pups moving around inside and planted a kiss on Tony's belly. Steve also looked at how big Tony’s nipples are getting which tells him that there will be plenty of milk for their pups to drink and couldn’t wait to see what they’ll look like in human form.
Steve is waiting at the top of a hill with his army, Bucky, Natasha, Peggy, Wanda, and Pietro. Staring off into the distance, waiting for King Howard and his army to show up.
“Hmm?” Steven turned over to face Anthony.
Throughout the rest of the day, Steve and Tony visited the citizens of the kingdom so Tony could get to know his future subjects. Steve and Tony went to a restaurant in the kingdom that was highly regarded by the people. The owner of the place runs it with her family and was shocked to see the king and future queen come in. The dishes that they ordered were steaks that were drizzled in blood and had glasses of blood to drink. What stole Tony’s heart were the owner’s daughter who was surprised to see the king and future queen at their mother’s place. The girl gave Steve and Tony ribbons that she made with red and black silk. After they had their delicious meal, both of them thanked the owner for her hospitality and tipped nicely.
“I’m sure of it my dear.”
In the morning, the pack got some exercise before eating some food & drinking some water before resuming their journey to the east coast. Happy resumed driving the truck and everyone walked with the same partners and in the same spots as the day before.
Steve then leaned down, peering down at the pulsing vein, and sunk his fangs in Anthony’s neck. Anthony felt his body go spastic as Steve sucked on the neck wound and drew blood up and into his mouth. The taste of his bride to be's blood was sweet with a hint of spice to it. He sucked more and more until he felt full enough and licked over the bite mark to start healing it. Anthony felt all fuzzy in the head as he watched Steve do what he did to him.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said, giving Tony a small smile. Tony did not quite smile back, but the softness in his eyes was still there.
“Got any ideas?” Tony responded. He looked over at Steve and grinned. “I know I have one in mind.”
Shadows: Hey there guys! There be fluff and sexy times this chapter Enjoy! The song for this chapter is
Just seeing that made Steve feel hard. He just wanted to kiss Tony right now and taste the coffee on his lips.
“For once in my life, I feel happy Steve.”
The pack went out for their usual hunt of the day with Tony tagging along with them so he could be with Steve. It was a beautiful autumn afternoon with some leaves turning different colors and falling to the ground. Tony was laying a pile of leaves while he watched as everyone did the hunting. While he was laying on the pile of leaves, he could feel his pups moving around inside which brought him a burst of happiness knowing that it’s less than 3 months until they’re born. Neither Tony nor Steve knew how many pups they would have but they were ready to see when they’re born. On their travels, they had slowly been accumulating the things they’d need for their pups. They had loads of clothes, blankets, and soft things ready in the back of the truck for when Tony gave birth.
“Where am I and why do I feel different?” Anthony said, feeling a little dazed.
“Well, Tony...the thing is that every wolf gives off a scent and all wolves can smell each others’ unique scents. In the case with Pepper & Happy, the scents that they gave off attracted each other and now they’re bonded. The reason why you and I haven’t bonded is that we aren’t attracted to each other’s scents. But that doesn’t mean I’m not going to protect you from harm from other alphas & people with ill-intentions.” spoke Rhodey as he stood in the doorway of the room.
Steve had taken off the engagement ring Tony had given him and looked at the message Tony had engraved inside for what felt like the millionth time. Tony had called him
“Let’s leave the kingdom be and see what they try to do.” Natasha spoke.
He then gets up out of bed and opens his curtains.
(See the end of the chapter for
After both of them arrived back at the castle, Steve and Tony climbed into their bed and cuddled each other while naked and fell asleep soon after. Unconsciously, Steve’s hand falls down from Tony’s arm down to his stomach and lays his hand over it.
“So you decided to come home after all?”
Shadows: It’s the last chapter! I can’t believe it! It’s been a wild ride and Emmie did a great job with this chapter. We’ll see y’all at the end!
“There you are, Pepper! Thanks for going to get him at the station! Anthony! Welcome home!”
Before the pack left Missouri, they settled for the night in a nearby park. Steve cuddled Tony by the fire that Pepper had set up beforehand and kept him close. He had the urge to lick Tony’s belly and nuzzled it, Steve was proud that he was going to have pups.
Tony didn’t really know what to say about that. He was scared. He was really scared. He was pregnant. He wouldn’t be able to help if they were attacked. The worry turned Tony’s scent sour and Steve started nuzzling him and pawing at his belly. Tony knew that Steve was trying to help keep him calm, but that didn’t stifle his worry.
"Give me the ring." Tony demanded with his hand out
Soon, they arrived at their room and head inside and sat on the bed.
“I guess I wanted to be prepared just in case,” Tony answered. It might have been Steve’s own hopeful optimism, but Tony didn’t sound as distant as he had when they first arrived. “And there’s one other thing.” He hit another button and another panel slid back, revealing Steve’s shield. Tony picked it up and held it up to Steve. Steve’s breath hitched. He didn’t think he’d ever see it again. And yet, he was hesitant to take it.
“Infinity Stones?”
“Well, we’ll have to move the wedding up to tomorrow so King Howard knows that Tony is queen of the Hydra kingdom and it will be more difficult for him to take Tony back.” Peggy spoke.
“You know you’re not supposed to use my account without asking!” Hope yelled.
“No Steve, don’t feel so bad.”
Steve and Tony then get comfortable in the chair before then lovingly embrace each other. They will be getting married in a few weeks and they’ll be bound to each other for eternity.
Steve nodded in response and gave Tony a kiss on the lips. “Goodbye my dear, you stay here where it’s safe.” he spoke before exiting the room with Bucky.
With that, Steven doesn’t give an answer and gives off a pondering look.
"The ring. Hand it over." Tony replied, his face schooled into a neutral expression.
“I’m happy too Tony, I don’t have to worry about someone trying to take you and marry you off against your will.” Steve spoke as he wrapped his arms around Tony and hugged him.
“Sounds like a wonderful idea.” Steve then wrote down the suggestion on the paper. “We have to think about what food to serve. Of course there will be raw meat and blood but what suggestions do you have for food and drinks to be served?”
“Yes, make me one of you.” Anthony said as he turned his head to offer up his neck for Steve to bite.
Emmie: Give Shadows some love for this chapter, it’s really good.
“Agreed. The question is, which one of us would carry this kid?”
“So Tony, I’ve known Steve for a long time since we were little shifters and I can remember him imaging his future mate when he was six. I’ll tell you a secret, he wasn’t always big and beefy like he is now. When he was young, he was very sick and people wondered if he would live long enough but here he is now. I could tell when he brought you with him to see us that he finally found someone that is his mate and gave him joy in his life because the death of his parents really affected him and he has found you. I couldn’t be more proud of him.” said Bucky as he walked around Tony before stopping in front of him.
“Now come on Anthony, let’s head back to your home so you can see your family.”
“But Steve, I’m not going to sit around and pray that you’ll win the fight like a piece of cake. I want to go fight with you.”
“Scott!” Anthony said as said person put his arm around him.
Steve, still holding Tony in his lap, picked up Tony’s internal feelings.
Anthony then the routine that Steven performed at the Grand Prix Final which is what he is performing at the World Skating Championship.
“Look alive, guys,” Tony said as he called out to them. “For better or for worse, the gang’s all here.”
“Hey there little Omega, you look a little lost there.” said the Alpha as he backed Tony into a corner
After Tony snuck away from the cabin, he headed to the nearby city of Denver in his wolf form to gather some supplies for the cabin and for the garage. With him, he had a satchel around his neck in wolf form to carry his stuff in while he looked around.
“Yeah well, you’re worth it, Steve.”
“What do we have planned as a defense, Bucky?” Steve said as he continued to cuddle Tony.
Tony walked in and Steve had to resist the urge to run down the aisle, grab him, and kiss him right there. He looked beautiful in a white satin tux with a knee-length jacket and gold trim along the sides, carrying deep red roses. Their eyes met, and neither one looked away as Tony made his way up the aisle. Steve didn’t think he breathed at all as Tony made his approach. He finally made it up to the altar, where he handed his flowers off and looked up at Steve from beneath his eyelashes.
"Who knew the great Tony Stark was capable of falling in love." Natasha joked. Tony rolled his eyes, but a small smile made its way onto his face.
"What?"
I would like to say that I hope I'm not making Steve OOC at all in this story, but I am generally trying to show that a tough character like Steve, courageous, and otherwise physically and mentally strong, can easily break when emotions come into plan. Either way, I hope you enjoy chapter two!
God, he feels like shit, a complete and utter asshole. He knows all he has to do is just simply go in there and apologize, make things right, but he didn't move a muscle. He just sat there, watching the soldier break down, painful sobs and gasps for air filled his room, the sounds so loud in his ears that it made him start to tear up.
"No," he responded softly at first, clearing his throat and putting away the sketchbook between the headboard and the mattress before speaking again, louder this time, "no, Jarvis, I'm fine. I just... Need to clear my mind."
"It's all so confusing, J. But I wanna make him happy." It was the truth. Kissing Steve made him feel things for the soldier, and while it was weird that Tony was falling for a guy, let alone his best friend, it still felt right. Don't get him wrong, he was no stranger to exploring his sexuality, nor was he a stranger to inviting guys over and having copious amounts of sex with them, but this wasn't just having sex with them. No, this was starting a serious relationship or trying to form one with someone close to him. He didn't want to fuck it up, but some changes would happen. However, he was sure they would work it out, and it was that fact alone that made him smile.
"I mean it wouldn't be the first time someone hurt me."
"No, not at all Clint," Steve answered before Tony could, the genius closing his mouth and rolling his eyes again, leaning away from Steve, crossing his arms, and endorsing himself in eating more popcorn.
"From what we Asgardians know about Axelons, they indeed are a small race of shapeshifting creatures, however, they don't usually work in small groups. Since our new friend Wanda said she only saw three of them, then I fear the rest may be scattered."
"Got nothing to say? To me, obviously, since you're able to talk to them with no problem!" His voice started to rise a tad bit. He clenched his jaw, curled his hands into fists, and steeled his expression, trying to act as if what the genius is saying doesn't affect him in the slightest, even if his vision is getting just a tad bit blurrier by the second. "Ya know, I kinda think I like you not speaking. I don't have to hear your pathetic excuses of why the fuck you think, that talking to anybody that isn't me is right. I've been working my ass off to help you, and this is how you repay me? Maybe you should stay like this, it's for the better." And it's those words that make him leave in anger, in anguish.
"Why the pity? You could be done with me right here and now, and nobody would be able to piece together everything. Or is there a reason you're keeping me alive?"
"You know it feels like it's been so long since I last saw you."
"Just checking up on how my favorite person is doing." He replies, cheekily. Once he gets within proximity of the genius, he doesn't hesitate to attach his soft lips to the genius's own calloused ones, reveling in the way his lips move perfectly with his own. It was moments like this that both heroes looked forward to; whether it was after a hard day of fighting crime, or simply because they missed each other and wanted some alone time away from everyone else, moments where they got to kiss, hug, or cuddle one another were times they looked forward to.
Before Tony could use the good Captain's own sentence of "language" against him, he effectively kept his mouth shut, watching as Steve stood up, unclipping his belt that wrapped around his waist. "Steve, you don't have to-"
Steve looked over at Tony, the brunette ever so slowly turning his head to look at the Captain, giving him a small smile or reassurance that he was listening before he turned his head away again to stare at anywhere other than where his team was. Steve smiled in return, understanding that while Tony looked like he wasn't listening, he actually was.
"Please no..." He whispered to himself. He turned around as he heard a commotion coming from behind him. His eyes widened, his heartbeat quickened, his hands shook and his breathing was labored while he stood there, watching himself be dropped onto a table, blood pooling around the area where his heart was.
"You know she's right, Barton," Tony agreed, "just give me a few more minutes and I can try to get you as much detail on the mission as possible. Not even Fury's encryption can keep me out." The genius smirked to himself.
Tony felt his esophagus start to tighten, the need for oxygen becoming foreign to him. He swallowed as best as he could, a gasp for air finding its way to bring oxygen into his lungs. "Are... Are they going to be ok? Can I see them?"
He thought as he made his way back to the elevator. Once the doors opened again to his desired destination, he hurried over towards the spare guest room where Wanda has been staying until Tony can get around to making her, her very own room. To his surprise, the room was completely untouched, everything perfectly in the same place as it should be.
"Thought you'd never ask."
doesn't really mean anything." Tony lets out a small, sarcastic chuckle, his brown eyes locked fiercely on his own blue ones. "I guess you're just destined to run back to Barnes whenever you need someone to talk to, not that I'm surprised." His words are filled with hurt, and he knows that Tony is hurting, but at the same time so is he. How could the genius think that just because he talked to Bucky, with Natasha there, that he was forgetting about him? He's been
"Sorry," Tony chuckled, "still trying to heal over here." Steve chuckled in response as well, sniffling and letting Tony wipe the tears from his eyes. He leaned forward and placed a more gentle kiss on his lips, pulling back not a moment too soon as he heard a content sigh coming from the genius.
you."
I just want to say, thank you all for the lovely comments and kudos you have all given me! It's genuine to see that people adore this story, and are willing to take the journey to the end. Soon enough, the story will kick off even further. Also, I'm sorry if it seems things are moving too fast time-wise and between the boys, I very much apologize for that if anybody wanted a slow burn. I will put myself out there and say, I am not the best when it comes to taking things slow, as all my life I'd had instances where things have moved too fast. Other than that, I do hope the fluctuation doesn't deter anyone, and once again, thank you for your comments and kudos! Love you all, and enjoy the chapter!
The smell of Iron was faint as he turned a corner, his eyes stopping on a patch of blood that was all but dried up. He walked over and noticed a few more splotches of dried up blood, mere puddles on the ground.
"You're both doing this on purpose aren't you?" Tony asked.
"I'll be back, and maybe we can have some fun if you know what I mean." Steve winked at Tony, making the brunette blush a little.
He shakes his head and mentally slaps himself. Steve isn't dead, he couldn't possibly be dead. Sure he's not immortal, but there have been times where he was supposed to have died and he's made it out just fine. It's the hope he carries in his heart, that beats proudly in his chest, spreading that hope through his bloodstream that makes him continue to chant in his head that Steve is alive.
But it was the broken, scared voice he heard that made him pause in front of the door, hand on the handle. He slowly turned his head, and he was plagued with an immense wave of sadness. He could see Steve's face contort in pain, the way his breathing picked up, the way he grabbed the pillow and squeezed it tight in one hand, the feathers inside the pillow threatening to burst any second. The way his body shook violently despite the blanket being over him as if he was suffering from the harsh cold.
"I fucking
"So, what did you find?" Tony asked.
"I am
"Well, not everybody has that view anymore, there are some assholes who still feel disgusted by the sight of same-sex couples, but people are more accepting of it. How do you feel about it?"
"Well, duh," Tony said, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world, "you kissed me literally a few hours ago and I'm already missing those lips on mine. I'm also missing your ass; it's a really nice ass by the way. What I wouldn't give to see it again and want to run my hands all over-"
"What you're wearing now is fine, just follow me, but close your eyes." He said, already grabbing his hand and leading him towards the exit of his lab. He didn't really have much to say, so he just shrugged his shoulders and closed his eyes, trusting the super soldier to be his eyes while he's temporarily blind.
"What's gotten into you?" Tony asked, breaking the silence. Steve let out a small laugh, shaking his head against Tony's shoulder before he slowly removed it, looking into his beautiful brown eyes before pecking his lips softly.
. It was like the word willed me to believe that Tony brought someone who could get me out of here. I felt another wave of tears fall down my cheeks as I looked at her, her eyes never once moving from me.
"Enjoy the food, Big Guy. I'll be back." He smiles in response. Before Tony leaves, he kisses his palm and holds it out in front of him, blowing a kiss towards him, which he happily catches and brings his hand towards his heart, keeping it there. With one last smile, he exits the room and heads towards the communal area to look for T'Challa.
"Pardon my interruption, sir," Jarvis started, causing Steve to look up at the ceiling in his lab, "but if you are going to show Captain Rogers around the city, I would suggest doing that and not wasting half the day here in the lab."
"Enough." Steve's voice caused them both to stiffen a bit as he resorted to what they call his 'Captain's voice.' "I'm trying to watch a movie, so please, don't argue." They both nodded their heads and turned backed to watching the movie. As Tony reached into the bowl to stuff his mouth with more popcorn, his fingers brushed up against the little unpopped kernels at the bottom of the bowl. He sighed and slumped into the couch, placing the bowl off to the side. His eyebrow raised a bit as he felt fingers slowly slide under his palm. He cast a gaze downwards to look at Steve placing his fingers between Tony's, holding his hand. He saw the smile on the soldier's face, causing him to replicate a smile across his own. He felt his hand being raised and a pair of soft lips kissed the back of his palm, sending a jolt of electricity that coursed through the back of his palm towards the rest of his body, leaving this enveloping embrace of warmth.
That is what the inside had said, and God if he wasn't already madly in love with the blonde, then this gesture would surely be the reason why he would be all over him right about now. He smiled and slipped the ring on, the object fitting perfectly, and sitting beautifully on his ring finger.
"I betrayed
As he laid there waiting for the blonde to return, it felt like he was waiting a little too long. Steve should have already been back by now, all he really had to do was put the dishes in the dishwasher. Oh, right, he forgot that Steve would most likely wash the dishes by hand because he didn't know how to use the dishwasher. Even so, he still should have been back by now.
"Why haven't you told me?" He took notice of the way his eyebrows scrunched in confusion, a small crease forming between them, and the way his eyes portrayed the emotion he was feeling perfectly. That was something he always liked about Steve, his heart was on his sleeve, and he could always tell how the man was feeling, either by him showing it or by the way his eyes held everything.
"Why don't you just shoot me right now, get it over with?" Tony's voice quivered. Why the hell was he saying things on autopilot? Of course, he didn't want the guy to shoot him, but when you're scared out of your mind and have limited options, you tend to say things that you shouldn't.
Another swig of his drink and he was already halfway finished with the bottle, but it didn't feel right. Normally when he was planning on getting drunk there was a surge of excitement, or sometimes a surge to forget something that he didn't want to talk about, but this time it felt different. It's not like he wanted to forget anything that was hurting him; even if when he looks at Steve the only thing he's reminded of is that he can no longer go near the guy, but despite that, he wasn't feeling the excitement of getting drunk either. Maybe it was just the overwhelming urge to deal with his problems in another way, considering when he had problems Steve was the one he would talk to.
"Reprimand me later, besides you weren't gonna tell me. Frankly, I'm hurt, Steve."
He sighed heavily for what now felt like the tenth time, even if realistically it was less than that, and he picked up the screwdriver again, working on the nano-reactor for his new suit, all thoughts of Steve pushed to the back of his mind, but just slightly buzzing around his head in case he dared to forget the man he still loved.
"Not used to something this small." He replied.
He held his hand, thumb brushing over the back of it, silently hoping and praying that he was alright, that he was going to wake up any minute now. The doctors didn't have hope, but he did. They told him that there is a chance that Tony might not make it due to the severity of internal damage he suffered from the scepter, and he was scared that he might end up as Coulson did.
He thinks that maybe he hallucinated and that he dreamed of Tony once again. Because not only was the bed empty just like the first time but there was also nothing but the sketchbook on the dresser. He sighs heavily and moves the pillow that is comforting his head towards his chest, clutching it firmly as if it was Tony. He doesn't know what to think at this point. If he is dreaming, then the dreams are way too real and it's more like he's being tortured, which a dream isn't supposed to do because that's a nightmare. Dreams are like feathers; soft and gentle, nothing more than a simple way to send a tickle to the brain that leaves the body relaxed and tingly. On the other side of the spectrum, dreams can be the ocean, or maybe even a flower; beautiful when gazed upon much like a flower is to the trained eye, but submerged within the depths of the dream, much like the ocean, is a hidden meaning into the dream, and while the depths of the ocean may be black, and harbor deadly creatures, when a dream is compared to the depths of the ocean does not mean the dream itself is ugly, but that one has to look deeper into the dream. And while, yes, the deep black bottom of the ocean may be scary to some, realistically there is an unexplained beauty in the unknown.
"Sorry about that, really. I know how you feel, I'd be pretty pissed too."
"No, it just said that... Nat those bastards disguised themselves as me and Cap probably thinks it's really me hurting him." He felt Clint wrap an arm around him, pulling him into a hug. He rested his head against the other male's shoulder before speaking again. "They said they like to let their victims suffer, it's how they operate. Said they're trying to take out potential threats to their plans, they're trying to reduce Steve to nothing. Goddammit," he bit his lips, unshed tears threatening to spill, "they're fucking trying to kill Steve, and those twisted fuckers are impersonating me and he thinks I'm the one killing him."
"Good morning, Captain Rogers." Jarvis's voice broke through the never-ending darkness, making him jump.
The soldier stood there, his breathing was shallow, his body shook as he refused to look at the genius across from him. He swallowed the lump in his throat, his hands tightening around his shirt. He closed his eyes and let out a shaky breath, words finally being spilled forth into the air. "I'm sorry."
"Of course I do. Now, how about a kiss before I go. Nat's not gonna wait for long." Tony rolled his eyes, chuckling to himself a bit. He retracted his head from the soldier's chest, standing on the tips of his toes to place a small but sweet kiss on Steve's lips. When they pulled back, Tony could still feel the lingering touch of Steve's lips against him, causing him to smile.
The way his lips moved perfectly against Steve's, how the soldier moved his hand from his cheek to the back of his head, deepening the kiss, it just felt so perfect. If it wasn't for the fact that Steve's life is on the line, it might've been more perfect, but they forgot about it for just this
"Yes, boss?" The AI respectfully responded.
"Why were you back at the bunker? Surely if you wanted a new life you wouldn't go back to the place that ruined your life."
He couldn't do this anymore, he was losing it. He
"Ugh..." He groaned, swallowing the lump that formed in his throat. He stood up on shaky legs, walking over to his duffel bag, grabbing his towel and wiping the sweat from his face, drinking from his water bottle to suppress the weird sensation of bile that was trying to climb its way up and out of his mouth.
going to fall for this feeling a second time.
The scalpel falls from my hands, and my body dips forward towards the ground. Instead of being met with hard ground, I felt arms wrap around me. With what little consciousness I had, I could see the girl from earlier, Wanda, her face full of concern and worry, and a hint of fear. She put my arm around her shoulder, keeping my body upright as she started to walk forward.
"Tony, you're cutting off. What-"
"Why can't he just take you and Clint, I'm sure you guys could handle yourself."
Before he opened his eyes, he could already tell that there was a body missing in his bed. He had hoped the genius would have stayed in bed with him, but he figures that Tony got up in the middle of the night and went into Shuri's lab to try and find a cure for his ailments. He had hoped the genius stayed because he was honestly looking forward to just cuddling him for a while before heading off to his therapy session. He was just delaying the inevitable at this point, and with a heavy sigh, he decided to just open his eyes and get ready for the day.
He stared at his sketchbook, a pencil held just loosely in his hand, but just tight enough that it didn't threaten to fall. Once more he knew this was a bad idea, but drawing gave him safety and security, and he was willing to at least
"The one and only. Did you miss me, Agent Romanoff?"
"I know nothing is interesting about the edge of the stretcher, so something's on your mind that you wanna ask." She spoke, causing him to jump in his seat next to her. She smirked and it was a nice sight to see.
The door to Shuri's lab swung open sideways, and his feet marched inside the interior of the room. He still feels fascinated just like the first day he came in here, eyes roving around the lab, wide as they come across every invention Shuri has created, her genius maybe even surpassing his own, but he won't admit that. Just like the first time he entered, both T'Challa and Shuri are in here, and once again both welcome him.
willing to lose the person he loves.
"He lives in a magical place called 'Asgard.' You really think they know what phones are? For God sakes Fury, the dude fights with a magic hammer." Tony grumbled, earning him an elbow from Natasha.
your fault. What happened to me sucks, believe me, I know it does, but you shouldn't beat yourself up over it. We can get through this together."
"Right now, Thor is down at the science lab with Fury trying to decipher what these things are. He'll be back with whatever information he has. In the meantime, we simply wait."
"Cap," was the only word he managed to let slip past his mouth.
"You seem a bit more jittery than usual, Tony. Are you sure you're ok?" The good Doctor, Bruce, asked him. He took a sip from his cup, enjoying the feeling of hot liquid trailing down his throat and igniting a fire in his chest that always sent a spark of energy coursing through him. He placed the cup down and smiled brightly, but it was nothing more than a way to get them off his back.
"As you already know I wasn't always like this," he stopped briefly as their food was placed in front of them, thanking the waitress before continuing again when she left, "I was the scrawny kid from Brooklyn who always got beat up because he didn't like bullies. I didn't care that they were bigger than me, I knew they could kick my ass, but it didn't matter." He took a small bite of his food, savoring the taste before continuing once more. "My mom was always making sure I had everything. Sacrificed her food so that I wouldn't go hungry, putting herself before me. Taught me how to appreciate the little things."
He hasn't felt this weak ever since he was that scrawny kid from Brooklyn who housed an entire medical list of every possible disease, and ailments known to man. How hard it was to be able to be normal and play with other kids without suffering from an Asthma attack, how many times he'd seen white walls of a hospital bed due to catching whatever virus or disease he was unlucky enough to come into contact with.
hopes this is temporary because he'll go insane if he has use in only one eye.
"Extra buttery, got some soda as well. We're also going to watch Star Trek if that's ok with you?"
"I missed you." He whispered, smiling brightly. "I was so scared, that I was going to be all alone again. I didn't want to lose you, I just couldn't."
"You wanna talk about
be allowed to relax and enjoy themselves, but it's quite rare that times like this happen. For the Avengers, it's completely rare. For Tony, these moments spell nothing but trouble; because the whole situation he and Steve went through, as well as the other's, began simply as nothing but a normal day in their hectic lives.
T'Challa gave them one of the few Quinjets stationed at the facility for the three occupants to use for their journey towards the Raft. He warned them that Ross might be expecting them to come, mostly Steve because Tony is compromised. He told the King that understood the risk, and that the most important thing right now is to get Tony back. What happens to him doesn't matter, the top priority is Tony.
"W-what?" The words flew out of his mouth faster than he could keep them in.
"Tony," he heard Steve call his name, breaking him out of his thoughts so he could look into the soldier's eyes as he spoke, "I know how much you love me. You've shown me, and even expressed how much you love me, but I know you're trying to sacrifice things for my happiness. And I don't want that. Just look at how close we're sitting right now." He averted his eyes to look at their positions. He noticed how close they were, how close
"Yes, boss." Came the quick reply, as well as the quick action. He stepped away from the screen, wanting to occupy himself with work instead of the thoughts swirling inside his head like a tornado. He had adjustments to his suit to make, and he's come a long way in nanotechnology and is hoping to put the finishing touches on his suit.
"I want to just die." He felt his heart metaphorically break at his words, he felt the prickling sensation of unshed tears start to form as he continued to stare. He watched as Steve shrugged his shoulders and placed his head against the wall again, facing Tony's direction, but not looking him in the eyes.
"Absolutely. I mean, w-what if I say s-something wrong, o-or this is a b-bad idea?" He catches the traditional brown leather jacket he's come accustomed to liking ever since they defeated Loki all those years ago. He loved it, it pretty much complimented all his outfits, and it was pretty cozy as well.
He smiled as he remembered everything he drew; realistically the smile was also because of the fond memories each drawing held. The flowers were drawn from the time Tony took him around New York, as a way to break him into the new world. He remembered them passing by a flower shop, the different colors and hues, shapes, sizes, even the different petals caught Steve's attention, and Tony was happy enough to let the soldier bask in each flower's beauty. The Avengers Tower, formerly known as Stark Tower at the time, was drawn way before Steve became an Avenger and knew Tony. It was a small cafe he had heard about that resided in Manhattan, so he decided to check it out. There he saw the big building and sketched it, looking up and realizing how much it loomed over the city, a true work of art nonetheless. The Avengers compound he drew was when he and Tony decided to take a lazy day while everybody else was out- everybody except for Banner- but the scientist mostly stayed in his own room, or Tony's lab. And who could forget the Shawarma shop? It was the most mundane thing they could do together as a team; sitting around each other and enjoying a delicious delicacy, talking amongst each other. It was heartwarming.
It's that simple fact that makes a big smile break out onto his face, and a small giggle erupts from the depths of his stomach because Tony is finally
"I think it's not fair that you're still fully clothed. Let me do something about that." Tony was flipped on his back, his jacket being the first to come off quickly before his tie and shirt followed shortly. Inexperienced hands fumbled with his belt before he soon felt it followed by his boxers sliding down his legs, leaving him naked for the soldier to see.
"So, fancy thing about this machine is that it knows just how everyone likes their coffee, but considering you've never learned to use the machine," Steve narrowed his eyes, "it has yet to register your order." Steve watched as Tony pushed several buttons, a lot more buttons than he had to press to get his order. He then noticed the genius motioning for him again, but he stood there with his eyebrows scrunched in confusion. "Give me your finger."
He placed two pieces of garlic bread on both plates, a heap of spaghetti to follow. He stood back and looked at how... Plain the meal was. Was it too plain? He really should've made something different. What was he thinking? This was a terrible idea. What would Tony-
"Something smells good, besides you, of course." He froze in place as the voice of his genius was heard behind him. A small surge of heat pooled at his cheeks, embarrassment washing over him. He turned around to look at the genius, who looked absolutely stunning in his attire.
A small giggle found its way out of the super soldier's mouth, his lips forming into a small line shortly after due to Tony glaring at him, but the corners of his mouth were still curved upwards into a smile. "I don't remember programming you with so much sass, mister."
Steve on the other hand was freaking out, hyperventilating in his seat. He was scared that Tony was actually going to go through with what he said to him yesterday.
"No, no I wanna do this it's just... Different, being on this side." It was cute how Steve blushed when he spoke about being the bottom, it made Tony smile and kiss his thigh again. "I-I"m ready when you are." He nodded his head and cast his gaze downwards again, rubbing his finger against Steve's tight entrance. He leaned in closer, retracting his finger, his hot breath making Steve shiver in response. "Tony, what are you... Oh! Ooh!" He moaned when he felt something wet enter him. Tony's tongue worked wonders inside, licking his walls and lapping against his hole, making the soldier a moaning mess. He pulled back shortly after giving Steve a rim job, his tongue circling his entrance ever so slowly as if he was trying to map this particular area of Steve carefully. With one last long, slow run of up tongue up Steve's pink hole, which made the soldier shiver in unimaginable pleasure, he leaned over him and pulled back a drawer he knew contained his bottle of lube. He popped the cap and squirted a small amount in his hand, coating himself first before placing a wet finger back at Steve's hole.
"Steve, what was that sound?" Tony questioned.
"I'm so sorry. I'm so, so sorry, Tony." Steve cried. The genius placed soft kisses on his forehead, wrapping his arms around the blonde's neck, whispering sweet things into his ear to calm him down.
"He's not property, he's a human being! And I swear to god if you hurt him I-", another dark chuckle was heard and Tony felt his breath start to become shallow. Something must've happened to Steve if this thing is laughing at him.
"Hey, nice to see you. Thought you weren't going to pick up." Steve said a bright smile on his face. He was dressed in his Captain America suit, and from what Tony could conclude from what he could see, he wasn't hurt.
"Stay with me, Anthony. Don't you
He inched his way towards the back of the bed, pulling back one of the pillows and dipping his hand between the bed and the frame, fingers brushing over a hardcover. He retracted his hand and held Steve's sketchbook in his hand.
"I wish. Nat is getting pretty frustrated with all the dead leads we've been given."
"Tony!"
"It's cute knowing that we have a dishwasher that you could use rather than watching you hand washing things. I guess you really like to remember those old days still, hmm?"
Fond memories softened the hard exterior of Tony's heart, missing these times where everything was normal, more simple, and not as fucked up, for a lack of a better term. He turned his body towards the drawer next to the bed, pulling the last drawer all the way at the bottom and retrieving his art supplies: pencils, from graphic to charcoal to regular, his black pen, colored pencils, and a black marker. He closed the drawer and exited the room, closing the door lightly behind him.
"What exactly are you after?"
"Are you ok? Usually, you'd try to beat my ass right now because of my stupidity."
that Tony makes are heavenly to his ears.
"I love you, too, Steven Grant Rogers." Tony placed one last kiss on Steve's head before he, too, closed his eyes and fell asleep next to the love of his life.
"Are the spy twins anywhere near you?"
He sat up, groaning just a little as he still felt slightly weak. It was a similar situation just like when he woke up, only different. He remembers hearing the radio going on in the background, playing a Dodgers game from May, in the year 1941, and how easy it was to recognize that something seemed wrong from that mere object alone. And now, once again, he finds himself in a weird place, but he can't really confirm if it's a room or a prison cell since he can barely make anything out other than the bed, but he does seem to notice that the room seems pretty small.
"It is no problem. Follow me, please." And so he did. He followed him all the way into the facility, letting T'Challa lead him towards the medical room where his therapy would begin.
The two heroes walked hand in hand, neither wanting to separate from each other even when they had to go to separate floors to grab their gear. They stayed with each other, making sure the other had everything they needed for the upcoming fight ahead.
He wasn't wrong when he thought that where he might be was some sort of prison because realistically, that's what it felt like. There was absolutely nothing in the room other than the bed he once occupied, and a dresser next to it. The walls were pure white, nothing more nothing less, just a plain old vanilla color that once again reminded him of a hospital. The door to his cell, as he's going to call it, was made of metal, as well as the doorknob, too. It was unnerving, to say the least, because it truly made him feel like a criminal- which, in the eyes of everyone else, besides a select few, he technically was.
food in his own stomach, satiating his hunger. What also surprised him was that the food was cooked so well, and it leaves him to wonder if Tony had cooked this himself; not to say that Tony
"I'm going to make this very clear," Tony spoke dangerously slow, kicking the intensity of the collar up a few notches, making Steve curl his fingers inwards, forming a fist as he kept eye contact with Tony, "you should be lucky that you're here, and not still in the raft where Ross can do whatever the fuck he wants to you, but don't think for even a second that I won't do the same to you. I am
"First of all, language. Second of all, I learned from my mom. I used to help her cook back in the old days. Like I said, taught me everything I know." He smiled as the genius scarfed down his food, picking up the mug a few seconds later, slurping at the fresh coffee he made for him.
"Don't worry about me. I'm just doing the right thing." And that was all he said before he sprinted up the staircase. His mind was in a dismal array, flooded with all the bad things that could happen to Tony. But he couldn't stop now and ponder what could happen to the genius, he had to get out of here.
"I don't think you're a mess. Sure a lot is going on, and we all have our issues; even I do, and I'm supposed to be this perfect person every time. It gets to be too much." He sighed heavily before continuing. "You're the only person who probably sees me as much more than just Captain America, and for that I thank you. We had our ups and downs, but you know me for me."
, reduced him to nothing, and now that he's out of the picture. I guess it's only right for me to dispose of you." He heard the click of the gun again, and he began to panic. There's got to be something he could do! He needs to think of something! "Goodbye, Stark."
"Tony I've been hit!" He shouted. The jet teetered in the air, and he had to focus as best as he could to keep it in the air. It was hard, but he managed as best as he could. The radar on the panel in front of him showed a red dot behind him, and he could only list it off as one of Ross's choppers that followed him. "Tony I'm being followed!"
His chest tightened, and a lump formed in his throat. He willed his eyes away and let out a shaky breath. He couldn't look at the screen right now, because he was feeling too much all at once and if he continued to look his resolve would crack and he'd go running into that room and apologizing to Steve. And of course, there were things Tony wanted to apologize to him for because he knows he messed up in all of this, but it was his stubbornness and pride that kept him from doing so. He wanted it to be justified that what he was doing to Steve was okay, because he was hurting, and projecting that onto Steve was right. But truthfully it wasn't right to him.
That was the first heartbreak he experienced when he put the plane in the water and lost the girl for the first time. His second instance with the same person was getting that text message on his phone, saying that she had passed away. He tried to remain strong, but he couldn't fight back the tears and the burning ache in his heart that came from his heartstrings being pulled, tested to their limits as they threatened to tear.
From the communal area, they made their way outside the facility, the just crisp, yet warm and fragrant wind slapped him in his face, jostling his hair in different directions. He wouldn't be lying if he said that Wakanda was one of the most beautiful places he's ever been; from the solid, grassy plains to the brown dirt that lay just past that next to a small stream, from the mountain range to the facility they built, it was all very beautiful. He's gonna miss it after he gets everybody back to New York, but on the bright side maybe he would be willing to visit here and there.
He thought to himself, feeling the first trickle of water from his tear ducts cascade down his cheek as he watched himself dive nose-first into the arctic water, sacrificing himself so the rest of the world could live and carry on, while in reality he actually froze himself for 70 years. The distant sound of Peggy's voice echoed into his mind, and everything just became too much.
"Steve, this is Wanda. She's going to help me, help you." There was a flicker of hope in my chest as I heard the word
He felt arms wrap around his waist, causing him to smile as he felt a kiss being placed on the side of his head. It was nice to have this sort of affection around whenever he was down here, whether it be for too long and Steve missed him, or the soldier wanted to sketch him working, or his bots.
"I g-got you, h-honey." He whispered, placing soft kisses on top of the genius's head while he buried his face into the soldier's chest. He rubbed Tony's back, letting him sob softly into his chest. "It's gonna be ok-k, it's all over n-now. Let's g-get y-you some medical attention, alr-right?" He felt Tony nod against his chest, snuggling into him just a little more. Then he looked up, and he gently held the back of Tony's hand in his palm, leaning down to place a gentle kiss on his palm, and his broken fingers as lightly as possible as if the mere affection would make the pain go away. It did, however, make the genius relax just a bit as Steve carried him bridal style.
"Of course not, I like you the way you are. But if you're strangely tired, maybe you should get some sleep."
"So, you gonna ask me your question now?"
"See guys, I told you Tony couldn't resist helping out in his own special way," Steve said. He rolled his eyes and shook his head, cursing to himself at how right the soldier was.
But he's too stubborn for his own good, so he just continued to sit there, staring and not even bothering to attempt reconciling the problem he caused. He's too hurt to even think about consoling the man he still has a beating heart for because he's too focused on how hurt he was by his actions.
He moved his hand from its place on Tony's, placing it on his left cheek, his other hand finding its spot on his right. The genius didn't move, instead, he sat there, waiting patiently and staring at the blonde, waiting for him to move and act. He saw the soldier lean in slowly, and he, too, started to lean in slowly. His pulse quickened, his heartbeat loud in his ear, or was that Steve's? It didn't matter at this point. Tony placed one of his hands on Steve's shoulder, their lips coming closer to each other until they were nothing more than a few ghostly inches away from one another.
I heard footsteps approaching me, and I willed my eyes to look in front. I saw Tony and a girl standing at his side, her blue eyes fixated on me. I shivered violently, the way she was looking at me didn't convey much emotion, but it seemed as if she was sent here with a purpose.
"Stop," I said louder.
"New York is pretty massive, there's no possible way we could scour all of it, let alone just Manhattan," Bruce said.
His feet led him to the couch where he promptly sat down, cloud-like cushions contorting to his body shape as he leaned back to relax.
And poor Tony, who sits so far away from him on the other side of the Quinjet, sending him small smiles of reassurance full of so much love, does it hurt him even more. It's Tony who's sacrificing the most, giving him the space he needs, but also the space he doesn't want. It's conflicting for him, because he
what Ross was doing to Steve. He saw every time he shocked him, every time he put Steve up for display and had his guards beat the shit out of him, how weak he looked and how much blood he was losing. He saw it all from the little microbot he left at the Raft, giving him access to their security footage so he could take a look for himself at what Steve was going through.
"We tried to find traces of where they may have gone, but the evidence seems to not be there. Or rather, there was no evidence, to begin with." Natasha speaks, not looking away from the TV. "We told Fury about it and he's investigating it, so if he finds anything then we'll be back out there."
"Your brother wasn't so lucky?" She nodded her head slowly. He really felt for her, no one should have their family taken away from them at such a young age, and then lose the only family that they had left. She was alone, and he sympathized with her. If it wasn't for the Avengers, Tony would also be feeling the way she probably did. He would feel all the emotional turmoil she was having with being alone, and it would be hard to cope with.
"Perfectly fine. But if I may ask, why did you do this for me?" He wasn't really complaining about the food; how could he even complain about it anyway? The food was divine, it sent his taste buds to heaven with how everything was cooked to perfection. If he was honest he wanted more, and that was speaking volumes inside his head.
"I could, too," Steve replied.
"It's weird, really. JARVIS was able to hack into the organization and bring forth the data on your mission, but then encountered a new firewall where the
"I... I can't Nat."
"Yeah, we do." He sighs heavily and looks down for a bit, dreading this conversation. But it was bound to happen sooner or later, and he'd rather get this over with now than deal with it later. "I just want you to know that I understand why you did what you did. Bucky was, well
"Why did you pull away?"
"I'm so sorry." He said softly, placing his hand on her shoulder. She turned her head in his direction, her eyes glistening with unshed tears. "I know sorry doesn't fix what happened to your family, but I want you to know that my company was run by my evil second-in-command, and I didn't know about it."
like they were doing this together. It's just the moment he saw him with Barnes, he had flashbacks of Siberia, and he thought that Steve would leave him again.
"What do you mean by that?"
"Steve?" The voice says. He looks towards the couch and half sees both occupants looking at him. And he was right, on who was sitting there. Bucky and Natasha. "You ok?" Natasha was the one to ask. He opens his mouth to reply, but looks down to the floor and closes it shortly after. He doesn't want her to know about his predicament, it's already hard enough having to deal with it by himself now. But as he looks up, he just sees a knowing smile on her face.
"How do you propose we do that?" Tony asked.
Was his snarky reply. As his body gave out and he fell to his back, watching the world move around him, the clouds rolling through the sky in clumps of grey, his eyes barely staying open, he willed his eyes to notice Loki's scepter aimed at his chest this time. He would've never admitted the truth out loud even in the face of death, but while all those words about him were true, there was one thing he was holding back from everyone.
"No, no, I don't mind, it's just... Maybe some other time we can do that. I-If that's ok with you, that is." It was cute the way he worried and stuttered. The genius leaned up and pecked his lips before leaning back once more.
By now, he was used to waking up in the morning with half of the world being nothing but a blur on his right side, but he thought that this time would once again be different. He envisioned waking up and seeing tufts of brown hair in his vision- whether blurry or clear he didn't care, because at least that would mean Tony stayed with him. However, once again he finds his bed empty. He doesn't bother moving, he lays there on his side and stares at the sheets.
"There's someone I want you to meet. I'll be right back, so don't go anywhere." He got off of me and grabbed the bucket behind the chair. I heard his footsteps walk away from me for a few seconds before he stopped. "Oh wait, that's right. You're tied up and can't go anywhere. Oops." He laughed and walked away from me again. The sound of a door being open and closed making its way into my ear.
"Did I make the right choice?"
"When did Thor get here?" Tony asked, his eyebrows raised at Clint.
He hasn't said a single word ever since the Quinjet taking him and Tony to Wakanda took off. Not a single word has been spoken, no matter how many times Tony has asked him if he's ok. He just looks at the genius with a sad expression, and he can see the pain and self-deprecation in Tony's eyes, and of course, it hurts him too, but what can he say? It's not that he doesn't want to speak to the brunette, it's the simple fact that his confidence has been shot, and he feels that he himself is nothing more than broken, damaged goods.
Tony's footsteps ceased, and his own shortly followed. The Brunette gestured to the plate resting on the island sitting in the middle of the kitchen, which was also linked to the debriefing room he sorely remembers when they were first given the accords. He inched his way over towards the island, a plate consisting of eggs, crispy bacon, hash browns, pancakes with just a small cube of butter sitting at the top, accompanied by a healthy dose of syrup cascading down the sides, and finished off with a nice cup of coffee. His stomach growled, and before he knew it he was already digging in with the fork he grabbed next to the plate.
When Bucky said that, Tony started to panic and shake to which Steve grabbed a hold of him and started cuddling him. He left his old home to get away from the abuse that his father was doing to him. He found love in Steve and his new home. He refuses to go back to his father.
Will be working on the next chapter later. Enjoy!
“It’s a little early for that. I haven’t even made a decision yet.”
“Tony, something is going on with our babies. They’re not socializing as much with us before they started the school year and are acting strange. I’m very worried about them.” Steve said as he brushed his hand through his hair before taking a sip of his coffee.
“Afraid so,” Steve replied with a nervous laugh. The fact that Tony called him by name had not escaped him. “Not too many places where I can get a new one, y’know?”
“You’re too big! You couldn’t be Stevie.” Anthony said as the dog licked his face. Upon the dog stopping, he looked at said dog and it looked familiar.
Tony led them inside, with Steve right behind. Natasha followed Steve, while Wanda & Sam helped prop up Vision while they led him in. Rhodey was already there, as was another man that Steve thought he had seen somewhere before but had never met. He had a rather elaborate piece of jewelry around his neck, along with a long red cape that seemed to move on its own.
“This is Cassie, Anthony. She’s a lot bigger than the last time you saw her.”
“Dr Stephen Strange,” he replied.
It was 3:30 PM in the late afternoon and their kids would be coming home from school that day. Both Tony and Steve stood by the kitchen as they waited for their babies to walk in the door as normal. Pretty soon, all 9 kids walked in the door and sat their backpacks down at the dining table before plopping down on the living room couch.
Suddenly, one of the palace guards came running into the throne room.
“Now what’s going to happen?”
Shadows: It’s the last chapter guys! I can’t believe this journey is coming to an end! I hope you all enjoy this one. Italics are flashbacks and there’s some graphic birth in this chapter. Enjoy!!! Here’s a little song rec from me!
Shadows: Sorry for the shorter chapter. I’ve been a bit unwell. Yay for genetic disorders!!! Anyways, have some Stony kisses as an apology.
“Steve, it’s urgent. We need to meet in the council chambers with you and Tony urgently.” Bucky spoke before they all left for said destination.
They came up for air and Tony pulled back slightly. “Is this ok?” Steve nodded, not daring to speak. Their mouths came together again. Part of Steve wanted to pull back and ask what this all meant, and another part of him just wanted to relish this moment, unsure if he would ever get the chance to kiss Tony again. There was no telling how far they would have gone if the sound of someone clearing their throat hadn’t interrupted them. They both broke apart and turned to see Shuri and T’Challa with frustrated expressions.
Shadows: Hey there. Welcome to… mostly exposition! Get ready from some non-action and stop excitement! Here we go!!!!
For all intents and purposes, Tony should have been treated like a prince. He was the only pup of an older couple who had struggled for years. To the disappointment of his father Howard, Tony was born as an Omega. Howard was hoping that his first offspring would have been an Alpha or Beta. After Tony was born, Howard and his wife Maria were told that their chance of having another child was slim to none.
Anthony is looking at a news article on his phone about his performance in the final.
“Anthony! Why are you skulking around like that?” said a woman to him.
So that’s what he did. Tony gathered all his pups close and just hugged them. He couldn’t fit them all in his arms anymore but he sure did try. Steve, on the other hand, worked hard to calm his scent down so that he too could comfort his pups without worrying them.
“Tony, shift out of your wolf form so we can go to bed now,” said Steve as he got under the covers.
“Tony?” Steve answered, his mind racing.
They came across a clearing to which they see a wonderful view of the valley with a vast number of pine trees in it. Both of them take in the sight of the wonderful scene of nature before them. Aside from the pine trees around them, Steve and Anthony saw more animals. They saw a family of whitetail deer nearby, heard some hawks flying overhead, and saw a good amount of butterflies flying.
“You sure Steve?”
But speaking of said family, they really were worried about their kids. They weren’t used to seeing them so quiet and Tony was positive that he’s heard Rowan crying in his room with the others the other day. He hadn’t said anything because they seemed to solve the issue at hand, but it was still worrying. They just wanted to make sure their sweet pups were alright.
“Great, thanks a lot.”
“Well, before I eat…” Tony goes on before shedding a slight tear.
Emmie: Hope you guys like this fluffy chapter Shadows came up with. We’re nearing the end of Phase 7
“My dearest Anthony isn’t feeling well and I’m worried about him.” Steve said as he took Tony’s hand.
“It sounds beautiful, I am still in awe that you are doing all this because you love me.”
“Please dear, call me Steve. We will be wed in 2 weeks time so you should learn to call me by my name. Now, it’s time we are off on our ride together.”
As he got to the bottom of the escalators, Tony gasps when he comes across posters of him with some of them saying that his hometown was rooting for him.
Before the Alpha got 5 feet away from Tony, there’s a growl coming from nearby. Tony and the Alpha look to where the growling is coming from and they see a golden wolf inching closer and closer to them.
As Tony walked into the city, he could smell with his heightened sense of smell that there were some packs roaming around and he could see some wolves going into buildings. Tony planned on getting some food for the rest in the cabin and find some stuff for the garage like materials to build with like tools.
Both of them then grabbed their clothes and put them back on before embracing each other and then looking at each other in the eyes.
Neither noticed it, but everyone else had left the room with smiles on their faces. This was joyous news, but they could all celebrate later. Right now was for Tony and Steve.
“I’m feeling the same way Tony but I feel like we should wait for them to come to us so they don’t feel pressured to tell us anything,” Steve spoke before taking Tony’s hand that has his wedding ring on it up to his lips and kissing it.
“Don’t you worry about that Tony, this will give you the time to be able to figure out who you want to be and who you want your mate to be.” smiled Rhodey as he walks over and pats Tony on the shoulder before walking out of the room to help Happy make dinner.
Finally, after almost 2 months, A NEW CHAPTER IS HERE!
“I can’t wait to meet them Tony, however many pups we will have. Just 3 more months to go and they’ll be here,” said Steve in a pleasant mood before he rubbed Tony’s belly again, turned off the light, and went to sleep.
“Are you ready to become one like me? Do you fully agree to become my queen?” Steve spoke huskily as his eyes flashed red and fangs lengthened to where Anthony could see them from his mouth.
“Steve. My name is Steve. I’m happy I found you as my mate Tony.” said Steve as they both join their heads together where their foreheads are resting against each other.
“I’m sorry, Tony, it’s just that it’s been so long since I’ve seen you, and this is way too reminiscent of me coming to visit you in the lab and-“ His words were cut off by another mouth against his. Tony was there kissing him. Steve returned it as much as he dared.
And he was right. With a growl of fury, the two Alpha shifters charged at each other in a flurry of teeth and claws. Tony couldn’t watch. He stayed cowered in the corner with his paws over his ears. The fighting reminded too much of his birth pack. Fights used to break out often between pack members. Someone would always get badly hurt or worse. It brought back bad memories for Tony because sometimes his father would push him into fights only for him to get hurt because he wasn’t too sure how to protect himself.
Tony was silent at that, clearly thinking about what that might mean.
“Hey! What are you doing here?” Tony replied back.
Emmie: BOY was this a difficult chapter to do. I had to do SO MUCH research for immersion therapy and at-home water birth. I hope it is accurate to how they’re actually done. Thanks and have a good read guys.
After wandering for 5-10 minutes, Tony was nearing a clearing in which there was an open area and near one of the sides of the Rocky Mountains. As Tony takes in the sight of the area, he hears a howl coming from the side of the Rockies nearby. He knew it couldn’t have been Rhodey, Pepper, or Happy so he turned around and looked up at the side of the Rockies.
Steve looked straight into Tony’s eyes and replied “I do. With all that I am. You gave me a home, a purpose, and most importantly, a second chance.”
“Tony, you stay put here and don’t leave. I don’t want you to get hurt while me and my army go off to fight King Howard.”
“Huh?”
“Huh? Whaaaat?!!
Here's the next chapter guys. It does include some smut. Hope the wait for this chapter wasn't horrible.
Emmie: I hope you guys will enjoy this chapter that Shadow did. It’s really fun to work on this fic with him.
Anthony was feeling overwhelmed with what Steve was doing to him and didn’t want it to stop. He heard Steve let out a low growl and his hands grabbing him tighter which made him let out a louder and more erotic moan. From there, Steve just lost control and stripped Anthony out of his clothes and quickly changed out of his own before picking him up like it was nothing and bringing him over to the bed and laying him down on his back. Anthony stared up at Steve’s eyes which were flashing red which he assumed is from the excitement built up inside. Steve attacked Anthony’s lips and they just started going at it.
A door opened to the room and Anthony turned around to see who it was which turned out to be his twin sister Antonia.
After a little longer of being at the cliff, Steve then turns the horse away and both of them head off into the forest again. They traveled for around 5 minutes before they came across a small creek that doesn’t appear to be moving very fast. Steve then got to a decent spot and got off of the horse and helped Anthony off as well. He then led Midnight over to a safe spot and tied her reins up securely.
Natasha had somehow gotten hold of a Quinjet, although she wouldn’t tell them how she obtained it. Steve sat in the back as they flew home. He knew he should be wholly focused on their mission, but he couldn’t help but think what Tony’s reception of them would be. He looked at the ring again and thought back to when Tony had first given it to him.
“Um… There’s something I really want you to see. I’ve been practicing this ever since the competitions ended. Will you watch?” Anthony said to Hope as he’s in his skates on the rink.
During the beginning of their journey, everyone stuck with someone to walk with besides the truck. Sam walked with Bucky, Thor walked with Loki in the back to protect everyone from behind, Bruce walked with Clint, Natasha walked with Pepper while they walked by the driver’s side of the truck so Pepper could be near Happy at least, and Rhodey lead the way in front so he could protect from the front. Of course Steve and Tony would be walking together. Since they found each other, they’ve been in absolute heaven since they found each other and couldn’t wait to mate fully in a few weeks.
The two slept that night surrounded in their sweet scents and complete joy. Both dreamed of what their sweet little pups would look like.
“Anthony?! Are you kidding me with this video, or what?” Happy said as he was watching the very video.
“Just wait and see darling.” Steve said with his Brooklyn accent coming through when he said that.
“Hold on… This dog looks exactly like--No. There’s no way” Anthony spoke quietly.
With that being said, Anthony closed his eyes and allowed Steve to do whatever he wanted to do. Steve brought his hands to where Anthony’s chest is and planted some light kisses on his neck before moving down to his chest before moving his hands to Anthony’s hips. He placed feather-light kisses across his chest and moved down to his hips. Steve then laid his eyes on Anthony’s member and felt his fangs lengthen and eyes flash red a little. He let out a little hiss before moving his tongue to the head of Anthony’s cock. Anthony let out quick erotic moans from the intense feelings of what Steve is doing to him.
Here's the next chapter guys, only 3 more chapters until the end.
“I don’t know, it’s something I’ve thought about recently.” It wasn’t something they had discussed before, but for whatever reason Steve liked the idea of raising a family with Tony.
“It’s about time you become useful to this pack. You’ve sat around for too long. It’s time you pulled your weight.” spoke Howard and Tony wanted to argue. He wasn’t useless and he sure didn’t sit around. He did all the cooking, cleaning, and sewing for the pack. But he knew it was useless to argue with Howard. The last time he did he ended up hungry and with whip marks down his back.
"Save it," Tony interrupted. "Let's just get through this first and then we can-" Tony stopped as he noticed Steve's hand. "Is that my ring?"
“I have to go with “Bitch”.” and as Happy said that Tony screamed, “YEAH, I WON!!!” and gets up out of his chair and starts doing the running man dance. After Tony does his shtick, they clean up the games before Rhodey speaks up.
“Alright guys, King Howard is dead. What should we do now?” Peggy spoke.
“That endgame I tried to warn you all about?” Tony said, interrupting him. “It’s on its way here. Now. As we speak.”
With Howard as head of the pack, he was the one to make the rules. He was the one to bring forth his prejudice against Omegas. He was the one who made Tony’s life a living hell for the first 20 odd years of his life. Tony tried his best to win his father’s approval but with the hatred of Omegas that Howard has, that wouldn’t be happening. Tony would be the last person that would get anything in the pack and the other members made his life miserable.
“Well, let’s head back to the castle so I can take you to bed.” Steve said as he scooped up Anthony bridal style, walked over to Midnight, and set him on her before climbing up himself. He then took hold of the reins and started to head back to the castle.
“You’re beautiful my dear Tony, I can’t wait to make you my queen.”
Anthony walked over, being mindful of the dress, stepped on Steve’s hands which he used to boost Anthony onto the horse before getting on himself and taking hold of the reins.
“CHARGE!” Steve yelled and they all moved forward. King Howard and his army did the same.
Shadows: Yay! It’s time for a new chapter to help cut the boredom of being stuck inside. I hope everyone’s doing alright. I hope y’all are ok. Either way. Enjoy!
“I see, there is one more test I could do and I think it will be the thing that will determine what is wrong with the Queen.” said the healer as he went to a part of the room and grabbed some tools.
“What are your plans after you graduate from college?”
When they arrived back at the castle, all of the army went off to get medical treatment from the nurses available while Steve, Tony, and the council head back to the castle.
Emmie: Sorry for the delay in this chapter update. When you write like 5 chapters in a row, it can wear you out. I hope this chapter was worth the wait.
After finalizing some other things with the council, Steve then called his army for an emergency meeting.
Steve gave a nervous laugh. “Yeah, well, it’s kinda hard to keep up with shaving when you’re on the run. Plus it helps keep me from being recognized easily.”
“Remember my dear Anthony, you tell me to stop if you feel uncomfortable at any point.” Steve spoke softly.
They both then head for their bedroom.
Steve was amazed. “Tony, you designed me a new suit?” He ran his fingers over the material. “But you had no idea if I’d ever be back.”
“We’re being followed.” supplied Bucky. “There were fresh paw prints in the mud. They smelled new. Smell like disease. Smelled like HYDRA.”
“Huh? Hello? Hey, Mom. Were you sleeping? Sorry. Yeah. I figured you’d seen it on TV.”
All the pups nodded and curled up around their parents. They knew that they were loved and protected with them. Nobody could hurt them as long as their Mom and Dad had their back. They’d figure out how to fix this together. Always together.
"Tony, I just wanted to say-" Steve began as they entered Tony’s workshop, holding his hands out, hoping to have a chance to start to make amends. He at least wanted to apologize for his part in how things ended between them.
“See how beautiful everything is? It brings me peace that we have a world like this. Also, I’m happy that I found someone like you my dear Anthony and I can’t wait when we’ll be wedded in 2 weeks and then the marriage will be consummated that night.”
“Hey everyone,” called a voice, as the kid from Queens that Tony had recruited lowered himself down from the ceiling. “I’m Spider-man, in case anyone forgot.”
“Oh yeah? Tell me.”
“Come over here darlin’, I need to help you up on my horse.” Steve said as prepared his hands,
“Well before each royal wedding, the citizens participate in games to honor the couple and for the wedding, a chalice of blood is shared between the couple and they bite the other’s neck as a symbol of eternal love and a bond between the two. Does that sound interesting to you?”
A few hours later and now Tony, Pepper, Happy, and Rhodey were sitting at the table eating dinner when Rhodey decided to speak up. “So, I’ve been thinking about this. Tony, why were you out in the woods when we found you?”
“Yes dear Steve.” Tony said before he took hold of Steve’s forearm before they left the study and headed down the hall.
“Me too, it gives me a chance to be able to spend some time with Pepper. She’s the greatest Alpha ever.” says Happy as he hugged Pepper from behind.
Steve then swiftly stripped out of his clothes and worked his hands on Tony’s body. He dragged one of his hands down Tony’s chest before then taking a hold of his cock and started pumping him. Tony started breathing quickly from the pleasure Steve is giving him. It didn't take long before he came all over Steve’s chest and hand. He blushes from what just happened but Steve is quick to act.
Steve nodded and took note of what his bride suggested on the paper.
“Ahh...Ahh..Steve! More please MORE!” Tony screamed out as he rolled his hips against Steve’s cock and moaned at the moment he felt it.
“You ever think about being a parent?” Steve asked Tony one afternoon. They were in the common area of the compound, watching a movie.
After Steve and Tony mated 2 weeks ago, they finally arrived in the state of Missouri. Both of them were still in bliss from the mating and thinking about their future pups. After the pack arrived in the state, they made their way into Kansas City. As they made their way into the city, they saw a few packs roaming around as well but didn’t seem to bother them.
“Sure. Okay. Well, go soak in the pool. You kind of look like you could use it.”
“Hey! Ignore her, she’s a groupie, sorry!”
“I’ll, uh, think about it. Maybe talk it over with Bruce and Helen, and let you know soon, ok?.”
“Anthony, is something wrong?” Steve asked with a tone that rivaled the toughness of his appearance.
“Alright my sweet Tony. Let’s get the wedding planned.” Steve said as he led him and Tony out of the vault and headed for Steve’s study.
“Stand straight and smile. Wouldn’t you?”
Enjoy the new chapter!
“Why don’t you go and try that suit on, and then send the others down here. I’ve got upgrades for them too.” Steve felt a bit of warmth at that. Tony may have been angry and may not want anything else to do with them after this, but he never stopped thinking about them.
“I’m fine. Thank you for saving me,” said Tony as he fixed his satchel full of the supplies he had purchased for the cabin. Tony stepped forward to the golden Alpha and licked his face in return. “You’re the wolf that I saw on the cliffs”
Steve nodded, not wanting to explain his reasons at the moment. He had a feeling of dread come over him. "Did you want it back?" He asked sadly as he looked back up at Tony. He saw Tony's expression had softened, and there was something in his eyes Steve couldn't explain.
“I don’t know. I hate to say it but he didn’t perform like his usual self today.”
Shadows: Anyone order some fluff? Cuz that’s what’s on the menu for this chapter. Enjoy! Chapter title is from
Steve picked up the saddle that was made for him and secured it to his horse.
Eventually, the weather became too much for him and Tony collapsed in the snow, breathing only a few huffs of air before closing his eyes. The last thing he sees is the snow falling around him, at least it was peaceful compared to him suffering in a mating that he didn’t want.
“Bucky, what’s going on?” Steve said while Tony was on his arm.
“Antonia. Hi. You guys seem busy. I hope I’m not getting in the way.”
“I think you all look great,” said a quiet voice from the background. Oh God, it was Bruce. None of them had seen Bruce in years, not since the Ultron incident.
“Yeah, she does, don’t you, Morguna?” Tony said to their daughter. Steve had to chuckle. The baby was only minutes old, and Tony was already coming up with nicknames.
To say the battle against Thanos and his army in Wakanda was intense was an understatement to say the least. Steve and Tony fought together well alongside the rest of the team and T’Challa’s warriors. It reminded Steve of how well they worked together before it all started to fall apart. Wanda stayed in Shuri’s lab, ready to destroy the Mind Stone once Shuri was able to remove it from Vision. The rest of them were outside, trying to buy them as much time as possible. The outcome seemed uncertain until Thor made a triumphant return, delivering the killing blow to Thanos before he had a chance to get all the stones.
Then, to everyone’s surprise, they see Tony on the outskirts of the field charging in and heading towards Steve and Howard. He then stops in front of Steve, protecting him and getting off to face Howard.
“Sorry.” Anthony says as he opens the door to which he can see who was outside the stall.
“Darling, I want you to watch me work you open before we come together.” Anthony watched in nervousness but excitement as he watched Steve resume what he was doing.
“Hey, Hope. Long time no see, huh?”
Being an only child in a well off pack should have been the best thing to ever happen to Tony. He should have been happy and well cared for. He should have never wanted for anything. He should have been safe.
“Whoa! Can kind of feel the heat here.” Anthony said staring out the window before fanning himself a little. “Right. I turned it off, so I wouldn’t get any calls.”
Steve had been on the run for two years. He had gone through the whole debacle over the Accords and the fight with Tony in the bunker in his head many times, thinking of what he could have done differently. Tony had proposed just a few months before, and they were planning to get married by the end of the year. Technically, they never officially ended the engagement, although Steve figured that didn’t need to be said at this point. Even so, Steve never took his ring off for longer than a few minutes.
“Oh, we’re not, I mean, it’s just relieving some pre-battle tension, you know?” Tony responded, flustered, and looking as embarrassed as Steve felt. “But, you know, you’re right, we should get back to planning.” With that, Tony sat back down and turned back to what he was working on.
As they got closer, Steve could see that it’s King Howard and his men. It doesn’t take long for both groups to come face to face.
“Hey, I said I’d come if you needed me. And I think you’ll need me, in spite of whatever personal problems we may have. I’ll be there” Steve wasn’t going to let the state of their relationship get in the way. The fate of the planet could be at stake.
Emmie: Get ready guys because the chapter you’ve been waiting for is coming up next. Peace
“Midnight is all groomed and fed your majesty.” The servant spoke as he held the reins of the horse.
“Sorry. I wanted to get some practice in.” Tony said as he’s heading off for the local ice rink run by the Lang/Van Dyne family.
“Where did you go, Tony? We found a bunch of fish that we can cook for dinner and Happy has found some stuff for the garage,” said Rhodey as soon as he looked up and saw Tony walking towards him.
Steve looked at the silver band with the blue diamond embedded inside. "Yes. I barely ever take it off."
Steve was busy keeping track of the weapons that were being prepared for combat, soldiers that were training for the past few weeks, and building up the defenses for the gates to the kingdom. Tony, is, of course, shaking and worrying about his father attacking but Steve is swift to hug and cuddle him.
Very quickly, Anthony gets up and rushes out back to where the villa resort pool is and sees that his idol, Steven Rogers, is here and he’s speechless.
After reading the announcement from the king, the citizens erupted in joy. Their king and queen were going to have an heir to the throne and they couldn’t wait for their arrival.
Emmie: Me and Shadows decided to add this epilogue chapter before we start work on the sequel. Enjoy!
Howard lunges at Tony and grabs his arm. “Yes you are Anthony, you are coming back home and you will be married off to someone who will make you useful for once.”
“Ya ready, punk?” Bucky said as he opened the door.
Here's a new chapter finally guys. Sorry, it took a while. I just want to write when I have the motivation to do so. Enjoy!
Tony was still down on one knee holding the ring. “Look, I know this doesn’t magically fix everything, and we still both have apologies to make. I did a lot of thinking over the past two years, about us. Something about seeing the ring still on your finger though, made me want to try again. So yes. This is what I want. I want to keep my promise to you”
“We’ll figure this out.” soothed Steve as he looked at all his pups. “We’ll figure this out. We’ll get all the information and we’ll go to the principal. I won’t let you guys suffer through this. I’ll keep you safe.”
They all make it back to the cabin with their treasure and then they settled down for the night. Before falling asleep, Tony thinks
The golden wolf turned around looked at Tony in the eyes. Both of them seemingly freeze in place when they smelled each other’s scents. The scents register in their brains that they’re mates and they walk up to each other where their noses are touching. The golden wolf then walked around Tony and sniffed him before he licked his face, showing that he recognized Tony as one of his own.
As soon as Steve shifted out of his wolf form and changed into pajamas, he looked at Tony who was still in his wolf form.
Tony really ended up bonding with his new pack quite well. The way they cared for him after they found him in the snow was something completely different than what he felt in his birth pack.
“Sit down in the chair, Tony,” Howard said as he motioned towards the chair nearby. Tony obeyed Howard’s order and sat in the chair not far from the man.
“Well then let’s get this show on the road, I want out of this monkey suit”, Bucky replied, making Steve laugh.
“Tony, you were amazing. I’m proud of you for doing so well.” Steve said as he stroked Tony’s cheek with his left hand.
They didn’t have much time left before Thanos and his Scooby-Doo gang would arrive. Everyone was currently in Wakanda to prepare for when the arrival of Thanos would come so Tony was making some final adjustments to his and Steve’s uniforms to make sure that there weren’t any faulty parts that could prove bad in battle. Tony was pleasantly surprised with how smart Shuri was. She was the one that designed T’Challa’s suit and he was impressed with how she was able to make a suit that had vibranium woven into the suit and didn’t weigh as much as Steve’s shield.
“Don’t hold back my darling. I want to hear everything from you.” Steve said in a sultry voice before going back to working his mouth around Anthony’s cock. He then goes forward and takes Tony deep inside his mouth. That’s when Anthony just melted completely. He just couldn’t believe the warmth of Steve’s mouth around his cock. Steve bobbed his head up and down, savoring the taste of Anthony’s cock. Steve uses his tongue to work around the wonderful member of his bride to be. He’s looking forward to making Anthony spill out his sweet white nectar. Steve pulled off of Anthony’s member with plans of bringing Anthony even more pleasure.
“Well darling, there are a few things I want to go over with you now that you’re a newly turned vampire. First, you’ll now have hunger for blood, human food won’t satisfy your hunger anymore. Second, you are now able to get pregnant but we will save the moment for the night of our wedding in 2 weeks. Today is the day we start planning for it so here is your outfit for the day and we’ll be on our way.” Steve said as he walked over to the other side of the vault and brought over a wine red dress with a full skirt and long sleeves and instructed Anthony to put it on.
Steve & Bucky entered from the side of the church and stood at the altar, waiting for the processional music to start. The rest of their wedding party walked up the aisle in pairs. Wanda entered first, along with the kid from Queens, whose name Steve finally learned was Peter Parker. Steve watched Wanda give a wave to Vision and Pietro, who were sitting about halfway back. A few months ago, Wanda had gone to Dr. Strange, and they had done something with the Time Stone to bring her brother back. What they did with it or whether Dr. Strange asked for anything in return, Steve didn’t know. He just knew that Wanda seemed much happier since then. Wanda & Peter were followed by Natasha & Happy, and then Sam & Pepper. Rhodey, as Tony’s best man, entered alone. Once they were all gathered at the altar, the music changed. Steve held his breath, knowing Tony was about to make his entrance.
Steve took a deep breath and set his hat on his head. “Yeah, I am”
Steve tried not to think too hard about Tony’s use of that phrase.
Steve stared at Anthony’s unconscious form laying in the vault, covered with black lace and holding a bouquet of black roses. There were white candles burning around him as he peacefully slept. It was the early morning and Anthony had been asleep for 12 hours and Steve was watching over him in the vault the entire time. After Anthony fell unconscious after being bitten, Steve called for some servants to take Anthony to the vault meant for holding people who were bit to become vampires while they slept. He was given a bouquet of black roses to hold while a sheet of black lace was laid over his entire body. He also had a number of candles lit that would burn for the entire time that he slept. There was only half an inch of the candles that were left to burn and then his bride would wake up for the first time as a vampire.
"I'm sorry, sir, but their communications are being jammed, most likely due to an EMP in the area."
lost his life. How the serum had kept him alive while he was frozen for 70 years, but this time he isn't sure the serum can save him. This isn't the ocean; where it was just a big, vast blanket of blue, mixing in with specks of white littered around the surface,  it was the ground. It was hard ground that the Quinjet was barrelling towards, and as sad as it was, he accepted death once more.
"So, when you say 'this version of Fury,' you're trying to say that the mission we went on was sent by one of those things replicating Fury?"
"Hmm?" He shook his head, eyes focusing back onto the other male in front of him. When exactly did he get this close to Steve? He swore he was just starting to walk over to him. God, he's been zoning out a lot, what's going on inside his fast-paced brain?
"What do you have to be sorry for?"
Tony is finally
Then again it was a tough three weeks for them; what with Nat releasing all the information about Ross and his conspiracy with Hydra, as well as the footage of what they did to Steve when he was transported to the Raft, needless to say, society wasn't happy with the way the government let someone like that into the secretary role, as well as how Captain America had been treated.
"So far it's just like the last time. Nothing for miles, dead silence, the only thing different is that it's cold." Natasha relayed the information. "We're coming up on a structure that looks pretty abandoned, it's like a bunker or castle, or something like that."
"Sir," his AI's voice boomed around him, causing him to jump in response and break him out of his brewing.
"I do mean that, yes. I'll do anything to make you happy. Even if I fuck up somehow and hurt you, I'll make it up to you. I don't like seeing you sad."
"It's kinda surreal that after everything that's happened, we've finally gotten down to the root of the issue. I guess it's just some last-minute jitters." He shrugged it off like it was nothing. The soldier simply smiled, nodding his head in understanding.
"So then, that should be the end of the story. Except it's not, because you're just the pawn in all of this. You're not the ring leader, the one behind all of these evil schemes, you're just carrying them out. So, where's your leader?"
"Well, h-how do I look." She studied his outfit; from the white collared shirt that exposed his chest a little, covered with his signature brown leather jacket, and finished off with dark blue jeans that hugged his legs perfectly and black dress shoes. Needless to say, he looked rather dashing.
"Oh, thank God you're here Tony! I was worried something happened to you." He said relieved, the genius standing there smiling at him. "I'm not even going to ask how you knew my location, considering you're a genius and probably put a tracking device in my shield, but let's go find Nat and Clint." He started to walk away, but the geniuses' feet were still planted in the same spot behind him.
If Tony had anything to say, it was lost in his own throat as the elevator doors closed, the super-soldier disappearing from his eyesight. Steve carried his weight over to his door, hand clasping around the doorknob, unwilling to turn the knob to enter his room. His forehead rested against the door, his eyes dead, staring at his feet again. He dropped to his knees, letting go of the doorknob, retracting his head from the door, and leaning it against the wall. It felt hard to breathe as if he was the ninety-pound asthmatic he used to be, but really it felt more like there was ice in his veins, numbing his body until he couldn't feel anything anymore. He didn't bother moving, he didn't bother wiping away the small tears that cascaded down his cheeks, he simply just closed his eyes and sat there, broken, and lonely.
"I would suggest that there is a mole, but that seems highly unlikely. After we concluded where and what the weapons are, we noticed that they were spruced up as if it was alien tech, something along the lines of the Chitauri. What was even weirder, is that after we captured them, they just disappeared like they were never there."
He doesn't care what he looks like in front of the genius right now, but he needs to get out of here. He couldn't breathe, and the flashes kept getting worse and worse, blinding him in such a way that he almost couldn't see where he was going. He rushed past the other, racing towards his room as the memory of the plane came into view. He tried to will the image away as he continued frantically trying to escape from the outside world, back into his own little isolation in that small room. The door came into view, and he turned the knob, pushing the door inwards and slamming it behind him, his back colliding only a few short moments later as his head started to hurt, and the tears started to form.
"You know something, Cap," he placed his hand over his arc reactor, a fake pout evident on his face, "that hurts right here." Steve rolled his eyes and continued to stare at the genius, waiting for his answer. "Alright, fine," he said, breaking from his earlier facade, "yes I made reservations here already, and I was going to invite you even if you said no."
"If they weren't human, then that raises the question of why would they be here, and what would they be wanting with S.H.I.E.L.D. tech? That part to me doesn't really make any sense."
"What makes you say that?" Steve raised his eyebrows.
He captured the other male's lips in his again, the genius wrapping his arms and legs around the soldier, moaning into his mouth as the blonde gripped onto his ass instead of the underside of his knees to hold him in the air. Steve slipped his tongue inside of Tony's mouth as he moaned, deepening the kiss as their tongues battled for dominance. His legs carried him towards the elevator, his back hitting the cold metal with a thud as the elevator carried them towards Tony's room.
He looked at the way her body stiffened, her eyes staring ahead of her, lost in thought. He swallowed the lump in his throat, watching the way her fingers twitched and the way she sighed heavily.
"Hey, Legolas. How you feeling?"
"For?"
"Steve?" Tony's voice quivered slightly, silence being the only response. "Romanoff, Barton?" He tried calling the others. He looked at the screen where he was connected to their commlinks, a red hue with white words that read "DISCONNECTED" ran across the screen. "Fuck!" He swore, slamming his hands on the desk. "JARVIS, what happened? Can we get them back?"
"I know you're worried about him, trust me we all are. But now isn't the time for 'what ifs, or thinking about what's happening to Steve. We're going to get him back, and no matter what, you need to be there for him, and you will continue to love him." He nodded his head, his eyes opening only when he heard the door swing open. He slowly pushed himself up into a sitting position, looking towards the door where Fury and Thor now stood.
"Why would anyone want to bully you?"
For example, how long would he be staying here? Is he Tony's prisoner now? Realistically he wouldn't put the idea past him, because in a way that's exactly what it felt like; from the small room with the metal door to the blank white walls, and bed he barely fit on, finishing it all off with the collar around his neck, he
"Doing what on purpose? Enjoying a nice movie with our Captain and his favorite genius?" Clint answered, a mischievous smile on his face. Oh yup, they were so doing this on purpose. Tony clicked his teeth with his tongue and a small wave of annoyance was starting to fester in his chest. Why couldn't it have just been Steve to come back and Clint and Natasha could've just stayed busy with whatever the hell they were doing before they came home? He just wanted some Steve time, and it was being ruined.
He nodded and moved over towards the door, holding it open but not walking through it just yet. He looked over his shoulder and asked: "h-how do you feel being b-back in the compound?" And she only shrugged in response, but she didn't need to say anything for him to already know what she wanted to say. She just smiled, and it was the look in her eyes that told him everything he needed to know. It was the type of connection they had, where they didn't need to say much to convey how the other was feeling. So, he nodded his head and gave one last smile and said: "feels like home to met-too", before he finally walked out of his room and closed the door.
"How do you know my name?" He watched as she bit her lip and looked away, the telltale sign to him that she knew something about him that she probably was contemplating on sharing. "If it's something bad, believe me, I've heard it all before. Most people refer to me as what they like to call, an asshole." She chuckled in response, shaking her head as she looked back at him.
The hatred, once a roaring flame that crackled and popped in his heart with bright and hungry hues of orange mixed in with a touch of yellow, diminished to a white and sullen, satiated stature. It was like the hatred he had never existed, and the love that was so microscopic, the size of an amoeba, started to grow just slightly inside, harvesting the flame of hatred that was now white into a sort of light pinkish color- and oh God does he feel everything coming back to him and how he hates it. How he hates falling for this man who has hurt him on such a deep emotional level that he cannot function properly without him. He craves Steve's touch and all the soft words of reassurance, all the proud looks in his eyes, and the long, loving gazes he always gave, accompanied by the most perfect smile that showed off his perfect white teeth.
"I love you so much, Tony. But you're hurting me, please stop hurting me. I'll be better, I promise. Just please stop." I hung my head in shame, refusing to look into his eyes as I broke down. I truly do love Tony, even if he's hurting me and telling me that I deserve all of this, even if he's hurting me, all I see is the good in him. All I see is the guy I love.
He trusted this man, and it was going so well until the whole accords thing happened. They were divided, forced to choose different sides against each other, and maybe if they had talked it out like adults rather than giving the blatant statement of "I'm trying to keep you from tearing the Avengers apart," then maybe, just maybe they could have agreed on something. They were adults, he knew this and yet they acted like children- spoiled brats that complain and whine when they didn't get something they wanted, and oh how he wishes he could take everything back. But the damage has been done, and in the worst way possible.
"Tony." He looked at Pepper and clicked his teeth with his tongue. She had that look on her face that he remembered all too well. It was her 'don't bullshit me, Tony,' look.
"Have it your way." Ross sneered. He held up his hands, and the guns of his guards were lifted, aimed at the man of Iron. Tony didn't falter, however, he just stood his ground, hands held up as he readied his repulsor blasts. "Fire!"
"Yes?"
Well, perhaps maybe it was different deep-seated happiness he hasn't figured out yet. Hell, he and Steve never really got along when they first met, and if you asked him, he would hope that they were considered friends, or at the very least, Steve considered him a friend back. It actually weird for him to even consider them friends if he was honest with himself. All those years of worshipping Captain America, loving everything about him, buying everything and anything Captain America related, to sadly being compared to the very man you looked up to by your father. Those years of worship slowly transformed into a few years of resentment to anything and everything Captain America, but truthfully deep down, he still cherished the idea of him.
"It's ok." He said softly. He couldn't really be mad because, well, they were just doing their job, and it's hard enough to put Steve under without the serum interfering with whatever is put into his body.
His footsteps felt heavy, his heartbeat was loud in his ear, his eyelids closing slowly, his breathing shallow. Why was he feeling like this? Why was his body reacting like this? His head turned slowly to look at his surroundings, everything seemed so far away, out of reach. He blinked a few times, stumbling over his own feet, causing him to lean against a wall to steady himself. He pushed himself off the wall, body swaying, sweat cascading down the side of his face, his hands touched the cold metal of the door that led him into the medical room. Gasps were heard, but black spots started dancing around his vision as someone rushed over to him.
His own tears started to spill from his tear ducts, staining his cheeks with ghostly tears as he could practically feel how hurt, how damaged Steve was. He wiped away the tears as quickly as they came, hating himself just a little for how he reacted. But he couldn't deny that he did feel terrible for having caused the blonde to act like this. If he could just will his body to get out of the chair, have his feet carry him towards the hallway where his room was, he could at least make the situation better.
"Why?" He interrupted, causing Tony to pause in front of the metal door, back turned towards him. He rolled his shoulders, standing up more straight.
"But... But you can't be anywhere near him, and it's all my fault. They made me bring forth so many horrible things, and then they injected him with that syringe and everything got worse."
talk about the issues that are still somewhat relevant between them. As much as things are going well for both of them at the moment, that doesn't mean he can simply forget about the fact that they both hurt each other. They need to talk about Bucky and what went down in Siberia, as well as apologize for what they did. Well, if Tony didn't want to apologize for it, he didn't have to and he wasn't going to force him to either, because an apology cannot be forced, you have to mean it. An apology is like a screw; it has a specific place that it belongs to, each apology, or rather "screw" is important in keeping things together. Screws cannot be forced into place, much like an apology cannot be forced into place either.
"Wouldn't we, or rather someone else at S.H.I.E.L.D. noticed that something was wrong. It would raise suspicion that Hydra or these things suddenly have access to our tech." Natasha spoke.
"Of course, h-honey. I'd like t-that."
He was thrown onto the ground, and he bit back a groan of pain that almost forced its way past his throat and out of his mouth. Another set of footsteps was heard while he lay there, face down on the cold steel flooring, eyes half-lidded, blood oozing out of his wounds and soaking his clothes. He couldn't move, he was too weak to do anything. He just accepted what was about to come.
"The inside is pretty old and abandoned, so far we still haven't seen anything. However, it does seem like we're in some sort of Hydra facility." Steve said.
He felt his actions slowly start to transform into Steve taking control of what he wanted, and Tony was ok with that. He let Steve continue pushing his head up and down in a slow manner, letting the blonde go at his own pace. Tony moved his free handoff of the soldier's thigh, moving downwards. He placed a finger against Steve's entrance, brushing up against it, but as he did, the soldier froze, stiff as aboard. Tony grew concerned and looked up, popping Steve's erection out of his mouth so he could speak.
