Alone is what protected Sherlock, alone was all he had.
Sherlock angrily glared at Anderson. “Is your wife away?”
John’s hand shot towards Sherlock’s wrist, wrenching away the hold Sherlock had on him but that didn’t stop Sherlock from talking. “It seems that it runs in your family. Guess you and your mother are rape-able. Of course, that’s how you came into existence, every night daddy couldn’t get enough of his wife so he raped your mother until one day she was stupid enough to not take an after pill.”
Instead he wanted to ramble on about the lack of cases he’s had. “Don’t know what’s got into the criminal classes. Good job I’m not one of them.”
The Alpha felt his tongue moistening at the delicious scent that Sherlock was expertly trying to cover and growled, the raw sound made the Omega boy jump in fear. Victor bared his teeth and forced his way inside by throwing the door open and making the boy stumble back, the unbalanced push made Sherlock fall onto the ground.
Sherlock directed his gaze to Lestrade. “I have no desire to leave thank you.”
“Van Coon.”
The Omega boy pouted and shakily whimpered out, “
Sherlock was looking through the microscope studying a new matter and whispering, “Poison.”
“Crime scene. Next?”
Lestrade held up his hand to Sherlock, “Before you ask, yes, it’s Monkford’s blood. DNA checks out.”
The blond went beneath the tape as Sergeant Donovan lifted the radio to her mouth. “Freak’s here. Bringing him in.” Sally looked back at John. “I’m surprised at your taste, freak. He’s really cute. He’s honestly too cute to be your boyfriend.”
Then to John’s confusion, the chaotic surge of memories came in broken phrases:
John awkwardly stood in Mycroft’s office when he cleared his throat. “
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “I’ll speak with you later about this.” He gestured between John and Sherlock.
Greg Lestrade, a Beta, luckily managed to escape the terrifying night where the masses of Alphas stormed inside Scotland Yard and massacred anyone who was related to the police force. Greg was safely stowed away in Mycroft’s home and his mate —Mycroft— warned Greg to stay away from the streets.
John adjusted the violin on his shoulder. “
“Exactly! Wow, you’re not just an average idiot. You’re a clever idiot! Anyways, yes, there was no phone on the body and no phone in the case. We know she had one — that’s her number; you just texted.”
John snorted. “
Mrs Hudson came up the stairs and eyed Sherlock curled into the couch; his back directed towards her. “Woo-hoo. Have you two had a little domestic?”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes. “You do know I’m in a relationship with Gregory Lestrade. I’m sorry if you’re under the impression that I’m single…”
Sherlock nodded and returned his gaze to the laptop before him. John placed the bag of groceries on the kitchen table and sat down in his arm chair.
“Blood.”
The Omega boy scoffed and looked at the people joining the party. “Its for an experiment.”
Lestrade appeared at the front door. “Everybody shut up! Sherlock get your arse in here!”
John was showering in his room, once he was clean, he dried himself off and slipped on a pair of sweats along with fluffy black socks. The blond was shirtless, he was trying to find his comfy T-shirt but the stupid piece of clothing wasn’t showing up. He went downstairs while burying his hands in his pockets belonging to his sweats. The slight creak of the floor captured the detective’s attention and Sherlock ripped his gaze from the microscope and his eyes landed on John’s sculpted back.
Mycroft smiled sinisterly. “Well, according to Mrs. Hudson and-“ He said the next name with such sweetness. “Gregory Lestrade.” The sudden drop in Mycroft’s voice caused Sherlock to lift his eyebrow in suspicion. “You’ve been acting peculiar ever since the incident. You’ve been locked in here, taking zero cases, and not chasing killers. Did that encounter affect you in any way?”
“John. Where are you?” The detective called out.
But that primal instinct was hindered when he managed to catch a whiff of the boy’s scent; the Alpha snarled when he smelt a river of watermelon sugar, its as if the gods gifted the humans with an abundance of ripe watermelons that were crushed and transformed into silky juices mixed in with buckets of sugar.
John entered the bedroom, listening to the detective from the other room when someone came up behind him and covered his mouth.
John pushed the man back, knocking the man into the wall and breaking the grip around his mouth. John elbowed the man in the ribs as he turned around, grabbing the man’s arm and twisting it behind his back. The man groaned in pain and threw his head back, head butting John in the face. They both fell onto the bed.
“Unlike you Sherlock, normal people like me enjoy food and having a full stomach.”
Sherlock proudly looked back at John. “John.”
Sherlock leaned forward and told the cabbie, “Waterloo Bridge.”
“Yeah, exciting isn’t it. Now, Sherlock, what the hell do you have for me?” Lestrade asked impatiently.
Sherlock lunged towards the syringe like a starving beast who hadn’t had a meal in ages and lightly slapped his arm, prompting his green veins to pop up. The Alpha skipped the whole nonsense of wrapping something around his arm before injecting the heroin in his veins, Sherlock plunged the golden liquid into his system and sighed in relief when his stability came back for a bit.
Sherlock grimaced at the name. “Anderson won’t work with me.”
The intolerable heat radiating from Jim Moriarty made Sherlock feel like a caged animal awaiting his round of torture, Jim slyly rested his chin on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Hi Sherlock. Did you miss me?”
“Perhaps.”
The aftermath of the bomb was inaudible, both men were left unconscious as flakes of dust and pieces of papers were floating in the air and landing on the ground. From afar, a splenetic mob of killers were heading towards John and Sherlock’s destroyed flat. The distance between the flat and the streets leading to 221B were shortening in length.
Sherlock released a mocking laugh. “And am I supposed to fall on my knees because you care about me?”
“Exactly. He didn’t know the value of the pin, he just thought that it would suit her. A gesture intercepted as the form of an apology.”
.” He chewed the last bit of his bar. “
The detective lifted himself. “Doctor Watson, what do you think?”
John smiled. “
Sherlock gently squeezed John’s hand as he helped John move the bow correctly over the strings. John allowed the detective to control his movements, he gently watched as Sherlock’s fingers pressed against his. The detective slipped his fingers through John’s, physically showing John which strings should be pressed down so as to control the desired tune they wanted.
John groaned at the friction being created between his and Sherlock’s cock. Fucking shit, John hated the way his body betrayed him. The simple grinding of their erections was becoming an undeniable sensation of pleasure. But John was not going to give Sherlock the satisfaction of letting him know that his body wanted more of Sherlock’s thrusts.
The two men remained quiet until Sherlock cleared his throat and spoke. “What brings you here?”
John followed the detective out when Sherlock lifted John’s chin, observing the John’s neck. “Are you sure you’re alright?”
The landlady wanted to question the detective a bit more but she shook her head and went downstairs to phone Lestrade.
John slowly thought of an accurate answer. “
“Yeah, lovely motor. Mazda RX8. Wouldn’t mind one myself. So, who’s the top in this relationship?”
“Well, her escape is a loss but I think I got the better end of the bargain.”
Sherlock hit the ground with a loud grunt. “Ouch.”
John dusted himself off when he realized that Sherlock was still holding on to him. It’s as if Sherlock read his mind and the detective released him and returned John’s stolen space. John studied the man’s features and felt incredibly bad for Sherlock’s nose, it was purple but thankfully not broken.
“Two men who traveled back from China were murdered.” Sherlock said to Andy, visiting the museum again. “And their killer left them messages in Hang Zhou numerals. Soo Lin Yao is in danger. That cipher, it was just the same pattern as the others. He means to kill her as well.”
Lestrade faced the two, finally returning to his serious stance. “Have you found anything for me?”
But there was one person who made Sherlock believe that ruling the world into darkness was meant to be shared by two people instead of one. A person who was clearly meant to be by Sherlock’s side, a person who was on the borderline of violence and turmoil. Someone who challenged Sherlock’s views and made Sherlock question himself.
Desperate in their attempt to secure Sherlock’s future with a prospective mate, King Holmes accepted the offer and scolded Sherlock to be on his best behavior for this last proposal was their only hope. The Holmes Kingdom was located in the center of wealth that represented London and was situated in the middle of a bustling village that had high expectations of evolving into a forthcoming business era.
Which is what Sherlock was doing this lovely morning, getting high and falling on his back while the heroin crawled through his veins and spread across his entire body. The Alpha’s arm was covered in holes caused by syringes, there were trails of dried blood on his skin due to Sherlock falling asleep and forgetting to take out the needle penetrating his skin.
The boy was destined to be as brilliant as his older brother, Mycroft Holmes. But too many expectations were expected from Sherlock; the boy was basically forced to become another Mycroft Holmes but Sherlock didn’t want to become a replica of his brother.
John eyed the pager. “
John snorted. “
Sherlock snorted. “No, three.”
Sherlock faced John, confusion written over his features. “What?”
The detective eyed the shoes; kneeling down to study the structure of the shoes before he placed his palms against the floor, replicating the form of a plank as he looked at every detail belonging to the shoes. Sherlock was deep in thought when the pink phone in his coat pocket rang, scaring the shit out of the detective.
“Centuries old. Don’t want to break that.” Sherlock placed the teapot on the desk and turned on the light switch, illuminating Soo Lin’s face. “Hello.”
Once the older woman said that, a bullet was fired and the call ended.
“Yes, I actually I have an Aston Martin parked in the back. Why do you need a car?” The older lady wondered.
Molly continued talking, not noticing the evident attraction between John and Jim. “That’s how we met. Office romance.”
John smiled excitedly. “
John heavily agreed with Greg. “
John zipped up his coat and left the flat. Once Sherlock heard John closing the front door downstairs, he quickly pulled out his laptop and typed into the website that he found the memory stick and if the bomber wanted to collect it… the bomber could meet Sherlock at the pool at midnight. Sherlock sent his response and smiled brightly, keen on meeting the bomber.
Sherlock breathed out a cloud of smoke with such disappointment and cursed underneath his breath,
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked around the empty café. Lestrade decided to go with the BLT sandwich and approached the counter. He noticed a smaller man who perceived Lestrade’s presence and politely signaled Lestrade that he’ll be right up. Lestrade smiled and patiently waited to be served. “Sherlock.”
“I never said that.” The detective opened the man’s mouth and retrieved a flower made of paper. “And yes, he was being threatened.”
John growled at the submissive words dripping from the boy’s luscious lips and enjoyed the tremble that traveled through the boy’s body when the beastly sound emitting from John’s mouth scarred Sherlock for life.
The drug was quickly taking effect, Sherlock was becoming drowsy and the last blurry image he managed to see, was the man with light hair dragging John’s drugged body across the room.
Then, the tune came to a halt. “See. Its all in the touch.”
“You were thinking. It’s annoying.”
“Obviously.”
Sherlock watched John directing his back towards him, ignoring the detective. John grabbed the bow and slid it over the strings, to no surprise, a horrible screeching sound emitted from the violin. Sherlock removed his scarf from his neck, his eyes were twitching at the horrendous music John was playing. The detective came behind John, he pressed his chest against John’s back as his right arm came to rest over John’s.
Sherlock faced the painting. “He’s giving me time. It’s a fake but how? How?”
“John. Before we go, can you answer one question for me?”
Sherlock simply leaned against the window, resting his hands behind his back and watching his beautiful city coming to an end. The Alpha watched a group of people running across the streets and lighting a vehicle on fire, Sherlock counted down the seconds before the engine made an enormous explosion and pieces of burnt metal flung everywhere.
Princes left with the craving of commencing a war and princesses left the Holmes kingdom with tears in their eyes. Luckily, King Holmes prevented any attacks against their kingdom due to Sherlock’s sharp tongue. The list of future mates was becoming thin and King Holmes was on the verge of having a heart attack until an unheard kingdom reached out and offered to present their son to Sherlock.
John couldn’t hold it anymore and burst out into laughter. “
This prince was definitely worth the shot (pun intended).
On the other end, no one responded to Sherlock’s words.
The detective shrugged his shoulders. “Nothing was happening.”
At least, he thought he was.
Moriarty giggled, “How subtle of you to not reveal his location. But are you sure about his whereabouts? Sebby!”
The detective eyed the bar, “Not hungry.”
“It actually is. I call it the Science of Deduction.”
Sherlock crouched forward, hugging his abdomens when he felt John jumping on his back. The blond wrapped his arms around the detective’s throat and hugged Sherlock’s abdomens with his legs.
Long time ago, near a fire, surrounded by dark skies with twinkling stars, John whispered against Sherlock’s curls, “
The man grabbed the blond and began to choke him.
The next chapter will be my interpretation of The Great Game. Get ready cause the hottie of all hotties will show up!
John couldn’t help but laugh, “
A scary smile broke across Moriarty’s face while he walked towards Sherlock, keeping a lengthy distance between himself and Sherlock. “Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket, or are you just pleased to see me?”
Everyone fled to their dormitories, Sally was the only one who helped Anderson to his feet and removed him from Sherlock’s sight. Sherlock watched until everyone disappeared into the night. When he was satisfied to learn that he was completely alone, Sherlock pulled down the zipper of his trousers and pressed the palm of his hand against his cock.
“Remember the shoelaces.”
On the other end, a little boy began counting down. “
Sherlock smiled at John’s undying fire that flickered through his eyes. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
The detective huffed in annoyance and retrieved the folder. He opened it and his eyes were exposed to a set of photographs. They all consisted of John being on top of him and their faces being terribly close to each other. Sherlock looked through the photographs and couldn’t exactly explain what he was feeling.
“You wouldn’t understand.” Sherlock growled out.
Sherlock caught John signaling something to him but he didn’t quite catch what he was saying. “I’m sorry.”
John pointed at the body. “
Sherlock huffed in irritation. “Look at that, Mrs Hudson. Quiet. Calm. Peaceful. Isn’t it hateful?”
“Mrs. Hudson, I was wondering if you could prepare a specific tea for John, to help reduce his inflammation in his throat.”
Sherlock grabbed the newspaper from John’s hands and tugged the Omega to his feet. “Of course not.”
John didn’t hesitate when he walked forward and pulled the trigger, one bullet after another. Sherlock was still a bit dazed but immediately recovered when the sound of bullets were whooshing through the air and aiming towards his chest. Sherlock lifted his gun and blocked the bullets that were coming from John, one after another, bullets were limply crashing against one another and uselessly falling onto the ground.
The detective eyed the smiley face on the wall and smiled adorably, mimicking the spray-painted face when an explosion went off.
John shook the man’s hand; he gave the stranger a warm smile but John wasn’t sure if the handsome sexy stranger knew sign language.
Greg shook his head. “Apparently not. Not enough of the Thames in his lungs, asphyxiated.”
Mycroft shook his head. “Then keep thinking that Sherlock.”
Was Sherlock willing to give up John in order to save himself? Was Sherlock’s narcissistic existence more valuable than John’s life?
With an affirmative nod; Sally held onto her gun and came out from behind the pillar, shooting at Mary and forcing the werewolf to seek cover inside the train. Mary lowered herself on the floor, growling in annoyance because she ran out of ammo. She laid on her back and loaded her guns with ammo, hissing at the fellow passengers on the train to
The blond wanted to fall back and hide himself in this blanket. Why doesn’t anyone believe him?! Is it that difficult to believe that he isn’t this man’s boyfriend?
Sherlock snorted. “Oh… I can’t be the only person in the world that gets bored.”
Jim titled his head and roughly pushed Sherlock back, adjusting his coat with his hands. “Are you really willing to do anything to save him?”
“Well, I’m dealing with a freaking child. Sherlock, this our case. I’m letting you in, but you do not go off on your own. Clear?” Lestrade eyed the detective.
The detective and John entered the shop, where lucky cats were being sold along with other trinkets. They both looked around the shop, trying to find anything that stood out to them.
John snorted. “
John rubbed his neck, “
“You’ve always been a nuisance so yes; you’ve always been a waste of my time!”
John looked at the detective and looked at the building ahead, if he calculated this correctly, they should come upon the taxi by taking this route. The blond smiled excitedly and pulled the detective from his thoughts.
Sherlock furiously faced John. “What?!”
Lestrade was baffled at hearing those words coming out of the man’s mouth. “Sherlock what- “
After years of standing his ground, John was considered the most valuable agent in London and he was privy to being given the biggest criminal cases in the city. So here he was, working the case of eliminating Jim Moriarty’s undying clan. But John was not stupid, he knew from the beginning that he was chosen as a field agent for a specific reason.
“The world’s run on codes and ciphers, John. From the million-pound security system at the bank to the PIN machine you took exception too. Cryptography inhabits our every waking moment.”
Sherlock and Greg returned to the flat, where Sherlock taped a map on the wall above the couch along with a series of photos concerning the cases they’ve worked on. “Connection. Connection. Carl Powers, killed 20 years ago. The bomber knew him, admitted that he knew him. The first hostage from Cornwall, the second from London, the third from Yorkshire, judging by her accent.”
to me. What have you injected into his
John stood up from his seat and shook his head, sending an annoyed glare to his
Sherlock scoffed. “That’s ridiculous.”
The detective simply stared at the blond, fascinated by John’s intelligence. He was happy to have rudely insulted this man and apologized afterwards, for now they can become closer. “Would you like to live with me?” Sherlock noticed that John didn’t say anything, so he continued talking. “As I said before, finding a flatmate is quite difficult and I feel like we both get along quite nicely. Plus, we can split the rent and you won’t have to worry about getting too many shifts in order pay the rent for your flat.”
Without hesitation, Jim pushed the blade into John’s back, causing John to press his face against the cool tiles of the pool and swallow down the pain of the knife digging into his bare flesh. A painful broken sound escaped John’s mouth while he withered in pain. Sherlock could easily feel the blade inside his body as well, too shocked to even react.
He and his parents would have full conversations and it lastly made John happy. His parents were the only ones who never humiliated him except his sister, Harry. She would always bug him and laugh at the fact that he couldn’t say anything. Thanks to his early experience of being bullied, he was used to harsh comments thrown his way or at least he was numb to them. His parents encouraged him to continue his dreams and never let his defect put him down.
Sherlock snarled and went to the other side of the bed, grabbing the lapels of Jim’s coats and smashing him against the wall. “He is my mate and I will do anything to save him. He is not a
Sherlock was completely wrong about John Watson; his gorgeous sunshine had enough gasoline to ignite an everlasting fire that was powerful enough to burn the earth into piles of black ash. The violence surging over John’s body was like the angel of death. It was so beautiful; Sherlock has never encountered anyone with the flaming poison that easily transformed someone into a monster.
“Yeah. I pickpocket him when he’s annoying. You can keep that one. I’ve got plenty at the flat.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he went back to the office where the graffiti was, taking pictures of the symbols. He ran the symbols through his head, searching his mind palace to see what the signs meant. Then the detective looked out the window, a thought crossing his mind as he opened the window to the office.
Without anyone to rule London, people reserved to marking their territory by creating violence. Such violence would result into fires being lit by the block, black clouds of smoke would rise into the air and overshadow the sun. The scent of ash would pollute the air and in a few days, the quality of air was declared to be unhealthy.
After John acquired all the information regarding Alex Woodbridge, he received a text from Mycroft. Mycroft was inquiring if Sherlock found any other information regarding the death of Alex West. John wanted to strangle Sherlock for not even paying attention to the case Mycroft gave him but that’s how John found himself sitting inside the house belonging to Alex’s fiancée, listening to the woman talk.
Joe got up from the couch, going towards his desk to find the memory stick.
“He’s busy. I’m in charge. And its not Sergeant, its Detective Inspector Dimmock.”
Sherlock tossed the syringe into the trash bin and recklessly headed down the stairs when he heard Mrs Hudson leaving her flat. “Ah, Hudders. Off to see your sister again or are seeing the owner of Speedy’s next door? Either way, he’s married and has four kids. I doubt you’re the kind of Omega that participates in polygamy marriages.”
“No! No! No! No! It’ll take weeks to find him again.” Sherlock shouted.
John quickly escaped Sherlock’s hold and shot his hand towards Sherlock’s throat, holding him in place. Sherlock purposely released John and allowed his little scorpion to choke him. But Sherlock reached down and cupped John’s cock, firmly squeezing John’s shaft and pressing the heel of his hand against John’s growing erection.
“John.” The detective answered immediately which in return, he received a lifted eyebrow from Greg.
“Hello.” Eric stuck out his hand for the detective to shake.
John noticed that the detective was using his laptop. “
The detective looked back inside the café and kept his gaze on John and ignored Lestrade’s question.
John placed his hand over Sherlock’s mouth, shutting him up. “
Lestrade poked the detective in his chest. “Because normal people don’t have these types of conversations. And since you’re not normal, this just makes things fucking weird.”
John agreed. “
The Omega boy has never seen anyone as attractive as the man across the large room; already he could tell that the man was an Alpha, he served as an army doctor in either Afghanistan or Iraq but was relieved when a bullet tore through his shoulder, making it possible for the man to appear at the party tonight and he was much… much older than the boy.
John hated this man in front of him. He wanted to stand his ground but what was the point. John looked at the two men in front of him and bit the inside of his cheek. He signed, “
“Sorry, what?”
The detective slipped on a pair of gloves as John stood next to him, eyeing the dead body.
“You use this tactic quite a lot. Approach the people you find sexually attractive and pull off the charming and funny persona that you’ve mastered over the years when in reality, you’re fishing for sex. Obviously, a one-night stand. You’ve clearly had a number of lovers in the past but its perfectly clear that long relationships aren’t your
Sherlock went towards his laptop and began to type in his findings onto a website. “There’s still tiny traces of it left inside the trainers from where he put the cream on his feet. That’s why they had to go.”
The blond groaned as he ran to get his coat and followed the detective down the stairs. Sherlock was running down the street, heading towards the meeting place that was given through the message.
John made a confused face. “
Sherlock closed the door and went to grab his book and began to study again.
“That’s what people
Sherlock shook his head. “Definitely not. That’s not a mistake a murderer would make.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and studied the bar and tried it, he was surprised that the bar was… delicious. “It’s really good.”
Sherlock made small circles on John’s lower back, swirling his slender fingers in repetitive motions and silently keeping track of the number of heartbeats that resounded through John’s chest. Sherlock lowered his head and nuzzled his nose against John’s hair, smelling the traces of desert sand and the rays of the blazing sun burning over the Afghanistan territory.
Sherlock stole a glance at the stairs when he instantly recognized the back of that man. The detective ran towards the door when he tripped on one of his experiments. “Dammit, Mrs. Hudson!! Can you please for once keep this flat clean!” Sherlock ran past her, “Why didn’t you tell me it was John?!” He barked out as he ran down the stairs, still wearing his blue pajamas and navy-blue silk robe.
Before Sherlock could leave his room, his brother entered the princes’ quarters. “Ah, Mycroft. Come to wish me luck on my wedding day. Or is that below your status?”
Victor doubled over and groaned bitterly, he cupped his cock and looked up at the boy. The Alpha was ready to beat the Omega boy to the point where Sherlock’s face would be so swollen that you couldn’t tell where his features were. But that enraged desire never came to be for the boy delivered another forceful kick to Victor’s cock.
“No.”
“You’re not getting married today.”
Raz eyed John. “You always did have a thing for blond’s. Alright, I’ve got two minutes before a Community Support Officer comes around that corner.”
Sherlock felt his anger cooling down and allowed John to come closer. “Yes. Please.”
Since his vocal cords were damaged, he naturally couldn’t talk or form out any words. His parents told him the truth, John was mute. Due to John being young, he didn’t understand how this would affect him. As an immature young boy, he found it cool that he didn’t have to talk but once school required him to speak out loud, he finally comprehended why the ability of not speaking would affect him.
“Upstairs.” Lestrade led the two up a winding staircase, “I can give you two minutes.”
Sherlock feebly placed his scanty body against the nightstand and tried to make himself small. “Please leave.”
Sherlock faced Anderson. “Oh, shut up, Anderson! I’m not a psychopath. I’m a high functioning sociopath. Do your research.” He faced Lestrade. “You need to bring Rachel in. You need to question her I need to question her.”
“Ah, well, that was Ian. That was Ian all over.” Sherlock said in a shaky voice.
Victor snarled and in deep voice he said, “Sweet Omegas like yourself shouldn’t be alone. Perhaps I can keep you company.”
“Then how do you explain.” The older man threw a file on the detective’s table. “This.”
John chuckled. “
“Its all over the place, haven’t you seen the posters? Dutch old master, supposed to have been destroyed centuries ago. Now it’s turned up, worth 30 million pounds.”
John looked up to stare at Sherlock, a sad gaze formed all over John’s features. John realized how much more Sherlock could be but the detective was a fucking cock who only cared about himself and his reputation as the only consulting detective in London.
John looked down at the card and began to giggle. Sherlock faced him in confusion, “What?”
John went down to Mrs. Hudson’s flat and knocked on her door. The older woman opened the door, “Oh, John. What do you need love?”
“I know it’s fine.”
John wanted to answer the man’s question but Sherlock beat him to the punch. “Yes. Been married for four years. If I recall correctly, Mr Monkford hired the car from you yesterday.”
Moriarty bursted into a fit of giggles. “Kill you? No, don’t be obvious. I mean, I’m going to kill you anyway, some day. I don’t want to rush it, though.  I’m saving it up for something special. No, no, no, no. If you don’t stop prying… I’ll burn you.”
The detective chuckled. “Ha!”
John seemed to have gotten the message. “
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. “Are you working for someone else? Did you fake it for them?”
John shoved Sherlock to the side and disappeared inside the kitchen, clanking the utensils and slamming the fridge door shut.
And what a fucking perfect smile.
“Precisely.”
“I think he wants to be distracted.”
Sherlock heard his phone beeping, quickly grasping it and smiling. “Excellent. A view of the Thames. South Bank, somewhere between Southmark Bridge and Waterloo. You check the papers, I’ll look online.”
Sherlock simply stared at John, an emotionless expression on his features, tiny hints of jealousy intermingling through his lagoon eyes.
“John.”
“What?”
Sherlock charged towards John, roughly gripping John’s face with his strong slender fingers and coming face to face with John. “I can call you whatever the fuck I want. Or should I call you the mistake that made your parents regret your existence. Obviously by the fading bruises on your arms and neck, its clear that your father abuses you which leads me to deduce that he abuses your mother as well.”
“Has he done it to you already?” Sebastian asked John. “Oh, Sherlock is trying to make a good impression on you. Well, let me spoil your bubble, he could look at you and tell you your whole life story in one second.”
Sherlock directed his attention towards Molly; snorting at her trembling form and bowing down before her, dramatically emphasizing his movements. “Run. Skip. Hop. Jump. Do whatever you like.”
Sherlock walked up to John, pressing both hands against John’s head and bringing him face to face with Sherlock. “We have a lot to talk about.”
Sherlock remained frozen at the sight before him, everything in that lovely brain of his stopped working.
John thought over everything when the solution hit him and all the clues made sense.
John exhaustedly shook his head when his body fell limp, his breathing barely audible. “No! John! Stay with me! Come on! Don’t do this to me!”
Mrs Hudson was in the kitchen, setting the groceries on the kitchen table. “Oh, dearie. John will come back. He always does.”
Sherlock reached for the gun. “Thank you. Though I think it would benefit you more. I have more at the flat. Keep it.”
Sherlock couldn’t help the small glimmer shining through his eyes as he watched John becoming excited. “Oh yes, your previous suspicions were correct. She’s in on it too. Now, go and arrest them, Inspector. That’s what you do best. We need to let our friendly bomber know that the case is solved.”
They entered the window; the detective went in first and knocked over a vase but luckily, he grabbed it before it hit the floor.
“I need to ask some advice.”
Lestrade was eating a donut while informing John and Sherlock about the woman who was on the verge of death, “She lives in Cornwall. Two men broke in wearing masks, forced her to drive to the car park and decked her out in enough explosives to take down a house. Told her to phone you. Check out the read out from this pager.”
The detective looked up at the taller man, not even intimidated by
The Omega boy wanted to feel this hefty man on top of him, he wanted the Alpha to touch his skin and make him wet, he wanted the man to use him and leave all kinds of marks on his body, and most of all, the boy wanted this Alpha to own him. Sherlock felt his cheeks flushing, the tinge of red was spreading down towards his chest and collarbones.
Sherlock huffed and ran back a few feet then jumped, easily climbing up the ladder, reaching John.
Mycroft snickered and headed towards the door. “Do my ears deceive me? If I didn’t know better, I’d say that you’re acting like enamored child who’s in love. But what would you know about love, Sherlock? You met him exactly once. And this is your fifth time seeing him at the wedding.”
How was it possible for someone to kiss a stranger so easily?
Sherlock faced the door as Lestrade walked into his flat. “Where?”
Mrs Hudson entered the kitchen and hovered behind Sherlock. “What are you going on about?”
John rolled his eyes as he removed his jacket, settling it on the coat hanger as he revealed his long-sleeved jean shirt and light grey vest. A look that fit him extremely well.
Mr Prince nodded. “Yes, a little present from yours truly.”
Of course, the detective looked insane, many workers just stared at Sherlock’s odd behavior which consisted of ducking down, moving side to side, hiding behind computers, entering and exiting offices until he found what he was looking for.
“I was simply trying to point out that your taste in men is poorly rated.”
Jim giggled, reaching into his pocket and exposing a vial filled with a liquid that even Sherlock couldn’t identify. “This. Is. What. Is. Inside. Your. Little. Boy. Toy.”
John snarled and lifted both hands into the air while longingly looking at the man on the screen and feeling his heart bursting into blooms of passion, god how he missed this man.
“You know, you’re quiet for someone like Sherlock. I like that.” Sebastian leaned forward, coming closer to the detective. “The quiet sitting type… are usually the ones who are cougars in the sack. I bet he leaves you tired every morning, a great workout for you.”
Sherlock felt himself collapsing to the ground but the Alpha held him tightly and kept him from falling. The Alpha looked over the boy’s divinely gorgeous face and felt a viscous lust spreading across his body, the urge to claim and fuck was coursing through his veins. The Alpha wanted to control the boy, he wanted to make the Omega boy understand that even if he didn’t desire the Alpha in return… he had no other choice but to submit to John.
Soon after, John joined the detective and Soo Lin and to John’s happiness, Soo Lin knew sign language.
Sherlock took in Lestrade’s words and was perplexed. “No, that’s… that’s not right. How… why would she do that? Why? She couldn’t have been thinking about her daughter in her last moments of life. She scratched her daughter’s name on the floor with her fingernails. She was dying. It took effort. It would have hurt.”
“Thank you.”
Sherlock looked around the enormous room when he caught a scent;
“What?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and snapped at the woman. “I’m fine, I don’t need your pity.”
“Fingertips.” Sherlock mumbled underneath his breath.
John was surprised. “
“Oh.”
No one answered.
The detective made an adorable puppy face and made his voice lighter, a friendlier tone assured the acceptance of a stranger. “Hi, um, I live in the flat just below you. I don’t think we’ve met.”
“Oh well! Thank you very much, Mr Ewart, I believe you saved me from a harsh scolding that my husband would have definitely given me if I smoked.”
John froze and wasn’t sure how to answer.
Sherlock eyed the folder. “What is that?”
Sherlock stared at the man again. “Good idea.” The detective pressed the button. “I have a inkling that you’re becoming like me.”
Greg finished his donut and made a confused face. “What was the point? Why would anyone do this?”
The call was cut off when the sirens from afar came to rescue the man.
There were many occasions where John forced every candidate in the corporation to their knees and humiliated them in front of the directors responsible for the creation of their secret corporation. And because of John’s fearless display of demeaning the superior class, the Omega’s reputation preceded him and every Alpha working beside him never dared to dominate John again.
“With pleasure.” Sherlock locked his gaze onto the smaller man approaching him and Lestrade, and continued his deductions.
Due to the constant training John was receiving, the blond’s body began to change, his once lean body morphed into a bundle of muscles. Even Greg noticed the big change to John’s body.
The blond rolled his eyes and began to stand up. “
“Type in these words exactly:
John opened the file. “
Lestrade entered his office. “No. Made to look like one.”
Sherlock looked at the horrible blue coverall. “He doesn’t need to wear that. Here.” He gave John a pair of latex gloves. “Wear these and you’ll be fine. Where are we?”
John pointed at Sherlock’s nose, “
The man chuckled. “You can talk to me. I know sign language.”
Sherlock was only seven when his parents died and he was left under the care of his brother. Since then, all hell broke loose. Mycroft —the legal guardian of Sherlock— proved to be an unforgivable brother who demanded Sherlock to achieve more than just knowledge and forced the boy to evolve into a similar nature that overtook Mycroft and transformed him into the man he was today.
“Perhaps. I like the way you normally dress; you always manage to combine an outfit with toned down colors. They always look nice on you.”
“Can you remember it?”
“What?” Dimmock was confused.
The young teenager, Raz, spoke without looking at Sherlock or John. “Part of a new exhibition.”
The detective caught John’s hand movement and came closer. “Yes.”
Mycroft walked up to his little brother. “Dear brother, are we feeling sentiment towards this man?”
John took in the statement and offered a small smile. “
John grabbed the gun from the detective’s hand and removed the remaining bullets inside the weapon.
Who will rule London now?
Such weather was a common event like reading a column in the newspaper and seeing what were the news today. The sky was falling; there was thunder, lightning was everywhere, heavy traffic was building up, clothes were being layered upon shivering bodies, and the carrying of dripping wet umbrellas were leaving behind wet tracks of water.
Sherlock chuckled. “That’s alright. I guess I deserved that. Sometimes a good hit on the nose is much needed and it helps to clear up the sinuses.”
John transferred a bag to his right hand. “
Sherlock and John were standing before their television when images of a man began to appear. Sherlock froze when he realized who it was and John quickly looked at his Alpha, already feeling his body becoming tense when a hazardous laugh resounded through the screen. People on the streets stood in place when they managed to catch glimpses of their leader appearing on the television.
“More likely. That’ll be evident from his backside.”
Sherlock said nothing as he removed the phone from his ear, shaking his head and making his statement clear while John and Greg shrugged in disappointment, knowing that a life was taken away.
The D.I. was confused. “You know everything, how can you not know?”
John was panting, “
The man with bombs strapped to his body shakily read the words from the pager before him. “
Moriarty made a dramatic gasping sound, placing both hands over his mouth and widening his eyes. “Speaking of which, where is John Watson?”
Jim sported a sad face and made his way towards Sebastian. “Ouchie, Sherlock! I thought you’d be more than pleased to see me?”
The woman scoffed. “Don’t bother trying to deny it, we’ve seen you both engaging with one another. Having lunch together at a Chinese restaurant as Mr Holmes reaches forward and cleans your lip, breaking into people’s flats together, Mr Holmes becoming worried after one of our men tried to choke you to death, and of course, him caring so much about you. Has my point been made clear?”
John rolled his eyes. “
Before Sherlock could respond to John, the entire power running throughout London went out. Clocks were disconnected, televisions were buzzing in gray lines, street lights were flashing in one color, and the screens displayed to the public went pitch black. In a few seconds, the power came back and everything seemed to be in normality when the televisions began to flicker in violent waves.
Sherlock Holmes jealous of Eric.
Mycroft scoffed. “Never mind your usual tricks. This is of national importance.”
Sherlock continued his string of impatient words when John gave him the answer, “
After lessons and lessons of fighting, the blond became skilled enough to take down the D.I.
“Oh, the things I have in store for you, John Watson.”
John was by far, the only Omega who managed to survive the long process of becoming a field agent. It wasn’t easy, for John had to endure cat calls and encounters with way too many Alphas who wanted to take advantage of him. But to his pleasure, no Alpha has dared to go beyond the point of raping John, for John beat the shit out of the toughest Alphas and made them pay for not respecting him and thinking that he was a dim-witted Omega who craved their knot.
“What do you want me to say? Why are you even asking me these questions?”
Sherlock was stunned. “Yes.”
Sherlock walked towards the lady while the woman held out her hand, “Spare change, sir?”
Sherlock snarled in frustration and emerged from the pillar, both guns in hand and shooting at Bainbridge. Sherlock kept pulling the trigger, trying to penetrate the silver bullets into the werewolf’s body but Bainbridge hid himself behind another pillar. The lights in the station were exploding in sparks of electricity while bullets were being fired everywhere.
“Connie Prince’s background — family history, everything, give me data.”
.” John looked at the detective. “
“Who are you?”
John returned the smile. “
Sebastian was about to begin the collision of his knuckles against John’s face when Sherlock snarled rabidly, “
James and Sherlock prepared for the shootout against the werewolves. Mary retrieved another gun and cocked both weapons, firing at James and Sherlock. Sherlock felt powerless knowing that he couldn’t protect John but he’d do everything in his power to keep the werewolves and bullets away from him. Sherlock reached for the second gun tucked behind his lower back when a distinct smell caused him to look left.
Sherlock stumbled onto the ground, feeling his mind going into a frenzy as he processed what just happened.
“He worked in a museum or gallery. Did a quick check. The Hitman Galley has reported one of its attendants is missing, Alex Woodbridge. Tonight, they unveil the rediscovered masterpiece. Now, why would anyone want to pay the Golem to suffocate a perfectly ordinary gallery attendant?”
Sherlock smiled mischievously as he faced her.
John stood his ground, pointing at the enemy besides James Kirk. “You have no idea who he is, he’s a consulting criminal and he’s responsible for all this!”
Sherlock snorted and rolled his eyes, “Take out the female werewolf, I’ll take care of the other one. Ready, cover for me.”
soft, benign, vulnerable, innocent but most of all, in every hateful way that John could imagine, the touch was familiar.
John frowned as he signed the following words to Sherlock, but of course, the detective didn’t catch any of them. “
Sherlock grabbed the phone, exiting Greg’s office and answering the call. “Hello.”
Sherlock hovered over John. “You want to help, right?”
“Funny, to think that the only person to catch Sherlock’s eye would be a nobody. A man not even capable of forming words.” The woman laughed loudly.
John opened his eyes, “Everything hurts.”
John growled viciously and grabbed Sherlock by his throat, enjoying the stream of blood seeping out of Sherlock’s mouth. “I’m gonna teach you about the meaning of pain, Sherlock. And let this be a fucking reminder that you will never touch me like that again. And if you do, I’ll grab a knife and slit your fucking throat.”
Lestrade raised his voice, “Sherlock, why are you getting worked up about this?”
“They are called the Black Lotus. By the time I was 16, I was taking thousands of pounds worth of drugs across the border into Hong Kong. I managed to leave that life behind me. I came to England. They gave me a job, here.” Tears were slipping down Soo Lin’s cheeks. “Everything was good. New life.”
The blond was hesitant to accept the gun but he happily took the gun back and stuffed it in the glove compartment. “
“Hold that cab.”
“Yet, it doesn’t fail to surprise me that you’re insane.”
Sherlock and John exited the cab, walking towards their destination and quietly enjoying the serenity surrounding them.
“He scaled six floors of a Docklands apartment building, jumped the balcony and killed Van Coon.”
Greg knitted his eyebrows together until it hit him. “Gollum? You mean the one from the Hobbit?”
“Jewish folk story; a gigantic man made of clay, its also the name of an assassin. Real name — Oskar Dzunda. One of the deadliest assassins in the world. That is his trademark style.”
Mycroft smiled. “Hello John.”
“Thank you.”
Sherlock came closer and took out the memory stick, wanting Moriarty to stop hurting John and easing the scorching pain burning through his chest at knowing that someone else was hurting John. “Take it.”
“But?”
Sherlock snarled, not taking pleasure in the smug look creeping onto John’s face. Sherlock shoved John against the wall, placing both arms at either side of John’s head and caging the boy in.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Let your curiosity spark. Open it.”
But it didn’t.
John felt ashamed when those words left Molly’s mouth; John made eye contact with Jim and felt repulsed, knowing that the man would cheat on Molly with another bloke.
Mycroft simply snorted and assured him that no friend of his owes him anything. John smiled widely at the term
Sherlock began to bite down on his tongue, tasting blood as he prevented himself from lunging towards the lunatics who were holding John as leverage. “What have you done to him?”
“I am currently unoccupied, I can join you.”
Lestrade came behind the detective. “What the hell are we supposed to make of that? An estate agent’s photo and the bloody Greenwich pips.”
John looked surprised. “
Sherlock slowly smirked. “Something new.”
Lestrade smacked his hand against his chest. “That man! A fucking snack.”
Sherlock lost his balance when Mycroft immediately grabbed him and pulled him upright. “Sherlock, get yourself together.”
Victor took one last look at Sherlock and snarled, “As if I’d like someone like you, fucking freak.”
Sherlock, John, Greg and Miss Wenceslas were standing around the Vermeer painting while Sherlock tried to figure out the flaw that rightfully proved that the painting was a fake.
.” John pointed towards a name that stood out from the rest of the slots. “
“Where are you going?” Lestrade called out.
A small gift to the boy he never saw again until now. Sherlock deduced John and to his hugest disappointment, the boy became an ordinary citizen that held no value. Every speck of product intertwining through John’s golden hair led to a pathway of boring information concerning John. Every sculpted muscle hidden beneath John’s shirt said nothing more than the boy’s interest in sports, the vague smudges of charcoal on his fingertips were a clear indication of John’s interest in the medical field and the almost fading bruises on John’s forearms were signs of abuse being experienced in the boy’s home, mostly likely the abuse coming from his father.
John snarled and faced Spock, “You! You know everything about not lying and only providing the truth. Can’t you fucking tell that I’m not lying. That’s Jim Moriarty!”
The force was too great that the car flipped over the railing and fell towards the Thames river. Without even thinking, John grabbed Sherlock to protect him but he wasn’t fast enough for the vehicle hit the water with a loud bang and as soon as the car touched the water, the Alpha banged his head horribly against the glass window.
“I’m simply chatting.”
Sherlock smirked when he figured out that the young maid had no idea that the guard was already married with six children. Quite the surprise she’ll have when she figures out that the guard was with her for sex, nothing more. Sherlock looked back at the couple who was standing before him and greeted King and Queen Watson.
Mycroft smiled. “Can you not deduce?”
Sherlock left Mr Ewart’s side and gleefully approached John; standing behind the blond and placing his large hands over John’s shoulders, sweetly lowering himself to John’s level.
Then a familiar face appeared from the shadows, Sherlock bared his teeth and made a rabid sound that echoed throughout the empty space. The Alpha responsible for dragging John out of their flat was only seven feet away, an agreeable distance that Sherlock could take advantage of and rip apart the man’s throat with his teeth.
Sherlock faced the door and saw the taxi driver heading down the stairs.
Jeff shook his head, to speed the process, John stepped on the man’s chest. The dying man gasped in pain.
Sherlock revisited his mind palace and began to scan through the memories when he jumped off the bed in relief. “Its John’s parents, they are responsible, not John. He’s innocent, he’s simply being used by his parents. He’s not the one to blame.”
“Why are you acting this way?!” Sherlock shouted.
“I need an assistant.”
Jim stuffed his hands into his trouser pockets and slowly walked away, leaving the pool.
. A monster.
Sherlock sneered at the woman. “Not a problem.”
Sherlock answered the call, he could hear the same woman from before crying, “
Within two seconds, the entire coach was being flooded with water.
Mary was two feet away from grabbing John when she abruptly stopped in her tracks, flaring her nostrils to breathe in the faint yet familiarly disgusting scent that was rushing through her nose.
“Right, yeah, thanks! And…?” Lestrade questioned.
The detective remained silent for two minutes, his eyes boring into John’s existence until he realized that his reaction was useless and irrelevant. “I want every book from Lukis’s apartment and Van Coon’s.”
Victor began to scream for help and the shouts were heard by the faculty of the school. Once the teachers were close to reaching the spot where Victor and Sherlock were, Victor fell to the ground and the Alphas holding Sherlock threw him on top of Victor. All the students were screaming for help and in an instant, three teachers came to their aid.
John pulled away and lightly ghosted his fingers over Sherlock’s lips, which were now turning pink after the kiss. “I love you too. More than anything.”
“I’m bored.” Sherlock repeated.
“You clearly seemed uncomfortable with him.”
Sebastian smiled. “See, I like him. You did a good job with this one, Sherlock.”
“Why?” Sergeant Donovan asked sassily.
Sherlock turned around, happiness spread all over his face when he noticed that John wasn’t following him. His run was paused as he waited for John, the detective began to desperately fidget in place when he noticed drops of yellow paint on the pavement before him. Sherlock eyed the paint in suspicion, obviously these were fresh drops of paint.
Sherlock shook his head. “I will not do that. I care for John. I won’t let him go.”
The second werewolf, Stephen Bainbridge sneaked behind Sherlock and began to fire at him.
Sherlock approached the window, taking out his magnifying glass and eyeing the dried specks of blood, already forming a conclusion as to what might have happened.
taste like plump grapes filled with juicy ambrosia waiting to be squirted out. Fucking hell, John wanted to lick up the streams of grape water running down the boy’s pale and long neck, leaving behind angry bite marks that would most certainly leave the boy squealing like a defenseless lamb would when a dangerous predator sinks their razor sharp teeth into the
John nodded and hugged Sherlock, sharing his blanket with the detective. Sherlock was shocked by the action and wasn’t sure how to react, so he looked at Lestrade. “See.”
Sherlock did not have a clue.
John snorted, “Does it look like I care about that? I’m past novelties, captain. You just don’t understand how fucked up this is. I don’t know where Sherlock is and you all keep telling me that he’s dead and there’s no more records of him. I don’t believe any of you! But if my Sherlock is dead, then I’ll finish his work and kill Moriarty myself.”
“Yes. Come on, let’s go to Speedy’s. I’m hungry.”
John felt rage bubbling inside him, how he hated those who considered him weak or always put him down just because he was mute. With no hesitation, he thrusted his head forward, head butting the woman in front of him. The woman fell back, shock displayed on her features as she wiped away the trickle of blood running down her nose.
Also remember, John’s dialogue is
But could he make the exception for John?
Sherlock snorted. “No. I simply know that I’ve met my match.”
“Luggage.” He faced the man one more time. “Well, welcome to London. John, let’s go.” Sherlock closed the door and the taxi pulled away.
The blond swiftly rushed to the garage, he pressed a button on the remote and the door lifted up, exposing a red Aston Martin,
The detective watched the blond walk away from the window and as he observed John’s retreating form, he placed his hands behind his back and said. “Hm.”
Every citizen in London was to lose their name and become a false identity that corresponded to their
Sherlock’s love was on the borderline of being deranged because Sherlock loved John so much that if it came to it, he’d kill John himself. And wasn’t that such a lovely thought until Sherlock felt himself coming back into reality. The force of John’s knuckles meeting his sharp cheekbones was sufficiently enough energy to rip Sherlock away from the life he had already planned out in his mind for John and him.
Sherlock was tall for his age and he was rather lanky for an Alpha but his thirteen-year-old self-needed a few more years of growing before his strong Alpha body came to be. Victor was smaller than Sherlock but he was equally as tall. The Omega boy came towards Sherlock and asked the Alpha to take off his pants.
The detective still didn’t look at his older brother. “What’s it to you?”
Sherlock squinted at the sight before him and felt the blood pumping through his heart becoming audible when the sight of a body being hooked up to a hospital machine became clear. It was faint, very soft, but the sound of the subtle beep that kept track of a person’s heart rate was becoming the only sound he could hear.
Sherlock did wish that John’s transformation could have been more magnanimous but like any other boring thing that exists in this shit world, nothing ever manages to create a surprise. Sherlock reached inside his pocket and wrapped his fingers around his lighter while he used the other hand to hold his cigarette between his index and middle finger.
Sherlock faced his brother. “If you think I’m willing to let myself be weak, you are mistaken. Alone is what I have. Alone protects me.”
Sherlock got up and headed out the door. “Suitcase! Did anyone find a suitcase? Was there a suitcase in the house?”
Sherlock tuned out the sound of every person in the flat and went over the facts of every murder before Jennifer Wilson’s and in a matter of seconds, the pieces to the puzzle fitted together.
“Good.”
The elder brother smiled. “I see I’ve been talked about.” He extended his hand. “I’m Mycroft Holmes.”
John went through tunnels that were decorated with graffiti, trying to find the similar paint but to no luck, he found none.
John enthusiastically faced Sherlock. “
John couldn’t help but smirk. “
Sherlock heard a lot of sounds in the back, “Who are you? What’s that noise?”
The detective lost interest in his brother and faced John. “How’s Gavin? How was it sleeping on the living room floor?”
John faced the D.I. and silently asked for permission to step forward in order to examine the body.
Sherlock cocked the gun when James appeared before him, shoving Sherlock’s gun into his coat and growling at the vampire to stay put. Sherlock wanted to tear James’ throat apart but James left before Sherlock could do so. The Alpha knew that he was here for a mission and for now, he wouldn’t fuck it up. But that didn’t mean that he couldn’t keep a watchful eye on his mate, John Watson.
“How much can you remember it?”
The detective grinned at Anderson and brushed past Sally. “Come along, John.”
Shan loaded the gun with real bullets. “It tells you they’re not really trying. Now, this time, there are no blank bullets.”
Oh god, Sherlock felt a tightness in between his trousers and the taller boy made a confused face when he saw the evident erection growing in between his legs. Holy shit, this was the first time that anybody made him hard and desperate. This turned him on so much that it took every will and power inside of him to not attack Sebastian for laying his filthy hands over John.
Sherlock smirked at detecting the tiny hint of irritation embedded in Mycroft’s voice. “Again, what’s it to you?”
“Please, it’s fine.”
“A very close friend.” The detective supplied.
John managed to slip his hand in between them to speak. “
John licked his lips. “
“Oh, John. Don’t deny your relationship with my brother. Know that the more you deny your relationship with him, the more you’ll hurt Sherlock’s feelings.” Mycroft reassured John.
John nodded again, the feeling of being dizzy was crawling to his brain.
John took in the proposition. “
“I’m sorry he didn’t mean- “Lestrade was cut off.
On the other end, a man answered the call while sobbing. “
John felt the raw aggressiveness bursting through his bloodstream, a shot of adrenaline converting his aggravated demeanor into one that even demons couldn’t conjure up. John threw his head back, hearing a loud crack that was probably due to the force of his head meeting Sherlock’s nose. The rebellious action caught Sherlock by surprise and my fucking god, Sherlock felt himself acquiring a sweet tooth for John’s insulant responses and he never wanted John to stop surprising him.
The taxi driver took out a pink smartphone from his pocket and sent Sherlock a text. A moment later, the detective’s phone chimed and Sherlock read the message:
“I don’t understand.” Dimmock broke Sherlock’s thoughts.
“What did you give him?”
Sherlock checked their surroundings before answering John’s questions. “I’m not sure. Unless… the killer wants one of us.”
The answer to Sherlock’s question was yet to be answered when Mycroft decided to ship his younger brother to boarding school. Mycroft made this decision in hopes of gaining back the little boy he once knew when his parents were alive. And Mycroft had expectations of Sherlock cleaning up his act and becoming pure again.
Sherlock remained quiet. “Well done.”
“About bloody time. Was Anderson keeping you busy again?” Sherlock sneered.
There was no answer, so Mrs. Hudson opened the door and entered the room. She saw Sherlock rummaging through a pile of papers, “Sherlock, someone is here to see you.”
There were three phases before the world ended.
The D.I. couldn’t help but chuckle at John’s reaction. “Hardly anything left of the place, except a strong box. A very strong box and inside it was this.”
Sherlock left the map on the desk as he ran out the door. “Let’s go!”
John shrugged. “
Sherlock prepared the camera and took a step back. “Shall we begin? Petal, you always know where to position our guest of honor.”
John was silent for a second when he caught up to Sherlock’s words. “
John wiped away the blood on his nose with his fingertips and saw the warm liquid staining his fingers.
Sherlock came closer to John’s face, his cold breath splashing over the Omega’s skin. “Don’t you remember me?”
“What?”
Mr Prince held an affectionate gaze between the two. “Can I just say, that its pretty obvious that you two have sex everyday. There’s a sexual glow in both of your eyes, it sparkles brightly. Did you two have sex on the way here?”
The woman became impatient and punched John with the gun in her hand. “Stop lying! We know that his heart is you. So, what better way to lure in the fly with a bowl of honey. He will come for you but until then, I think he’ll appreciate a gift that involves your body being dead.”
Greg moaned. “Holy Jesus! He’s a sexy dragon. Honestly, why couldn’t Smaug keep Bilbo? They would have been a hot couple together.”
Sherlock scrunched his nose in disappointment. “Sounds like a Disney film.”
“And if I don’t? What will you do? Kill me?” Sherlock chuckled. “Are you going to kill your baby brother?”
Sherlock lowered his head and smiled brightly before looking up at John. “Now you’re thinking.”
Andy walked to the glass case. “The pots were her obsession. They need urgent work. If they dry out, then the clay can start to crumble. Apparently, you have to just keep making tea in them.”
Sherlock and John returned to the flat, keen on staying up all night and seeing if the bomber would appear again. For now, Sherlock sat on his armchair with his knees pulled up to his chest and sitting in his seat like a five-year-old while watching the telly. John was on his laptop, paying no attention to Sherlock when the loud shouts of Sherlock caught his attention.
Sherlock watched the D.I. walk away. “Is it a coincidence that you’re feeling hungry and the only place you want to eat from, is the place where John works at?”
“But you haven’t taken any pictures yet!” Mr Prince shouted after them.
Sherlock directed his ocean blue eyes towards the smaller man who had fair skin with a light tan and short brown hair with slight streaks of grey hair. “He recently began working here, eight months ago. This is his primary job, comes in about 4-5 days a week. Always has morning shifts and rarely has any night shifts. Doesn’t live far from here, probably three blocks away. He lives alone and has no pets-“
Sherlock was concerned about John’s pain. “Would you like to come to my flat? Mrs. Hudson has a specific tea that can help with the inflammation in your throat.”
“Dearies, you both honestly need to wash your own clothes!” The landlady entered the flat upstairs and gasped in shock. “Oh, my goodness! I saw nothing! At least warn me when you’re about about to have sex.”
Sherlock continued crying, “Really strange that he hired a car, why would he do that? It’s a bit suspicious, isn’t it?”
John made his way upstairs, irritated beyond belief.
Sherlock tightened his grip on the gun, not sure where Jim was going with this conversation. “Out.”
Right after posting his findings, Sherlock’s phone rang. “Hello.”
Why couldn’t the commencement of flaming embers flicker with the reckoning of targeting those —which meant everyone— whose secrets were on display all the time? Why couldn’t Sherlock create a rebirth of poisoning others by spreading the virus of mischief? Why couldn’t the boy be consumed by the dark injections of rage that allowed Sherlock to direct a contagious hate towards others?
“I refused the help.”
Greg scratched the back of his head. “How much? About a pint.”
John scrunched his face in horror as he watched the ugly cat approaching him but John forced a smile on his lips. “
John smiled and moved to the side, letting Molly stand next to Sherlock and observing the results Sherlock found when a man entered the lab.
“Because I worry.”
“What about the gun?” Dimmock asked.
. Sherlock held the cigarette in between his fingers and walked to the next pillar, leaning against it and displaying himself to everyone. John was walking down the platform when a tall and handsome pale man dressed in black was taking a drag and looking extremely bored.
Joe entered his flat, lifting the bike over his shoulder and making his way up the stairs when John appeared at the top of the stairs. Joe immediately grabbed his bike, determined to throw it towards John when the blond took out his gun and shot a bullet towards Joe. John knew that the bullet would graze the man’s hand, forcing Joe to release the bike and hiss in the pain.
Sherlock stepped away from Lestrade, “I imagined this situation going another way. I would have expected him to shout and become incredibly angry which would have led to him trying to pick a fight with me. I would’ve accepted his attempt to fight me due to the fact that I haven’t had someone try to inflict violence upon me for a while. It would have been a pleasure to feel that long lost adrenaline pumping through my veins but I made a huge mistake.”
Sherlock faced the blond. “Do you think so?”
“Me.”
“Get out you freak!” The owner shouted again.
“Its not.” Sherlock sharply responded.
The Omega entered the car and pressed on the gas. With a harsh U-turn, John flipped the direction of the car and started to drive towards St Barts. The Omega was driving at full speed and damn all the cars that were honking at him due to his reckless driving.
Within two seconds, the car was sinking underwater.
The detective agreed with the blond. “He’s right Lestrade.”
“Pass me my phone.”
“Hey! Easy peasy lemon squeezy. Aren’t you so sweet.” Jim purred out.
Moriarty closed his eyes and drowned himself in the strong shouts of people saying
“Tsk. Tsk. Oh Sherlock, even if you did have interest in this John, do you honestly think he’ll like you. I mean, he is a bit simple for your taste. I’d expect you to have done a lot better than him. Above all that, he’s mute. How useless he would be to you, imagine being surrounded by pure silence the whole time. How tedious. Come on Sherlock, are we hitting rock bottom?”
As naïve as Sherlock could be; he did not understand the significance of what a kiss could be, for no one ever presented themselves to Sherlock and admitted some sort of attraction towards him. But he was not stupid enough to comprehend that sharing a kiss was the signature of a contract that stated one’s weakness to be valid.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and walked towards John, handing him the file. “Andrew West, known as West to his friends. Civil servant. Found dead on the tracks at Battersea station this morning with his head smashed in.”
“Fine, let’s go.”
“No.”
Sherlock tilted his head to the side. “Thousands of people pass by there everyday.”
Mr Prince looked down at the hairless cat and smiled. “Sekhment. Named after the Egyptian goddess.”
Sherlock helped John to his feet, the Omega stumbled a bit and leaned towards the Alpha’s side. Sherlock wrapped his arm around John’s waist, balancing the Omega and taking careful but hasty steps towards the door. They didn’t even reach the threshold of the door when a man with light brown hair and clear blue eyes stood before the doorway.
“Oh, hold on!”
The detective opened the suitcase. “Been away three days judging by the laundry.” He stood up and faced John. “Look at the case, there was something tightly packed inside it.”
Sherlock kissed Mrs. Hudson on the cheek, “Don’t wait up for us.”
“The thought had occurred.”
After two days of being in bed, drinking tea, taking medicine, and repeating the whole process again, John’s mind kept drifting to that night. He went over how Sherlock genuinely wanted him to accept his apology. John was used to people not caring about his feelings and beating his confidence to ashes. He’s never felt any compassion before and seeing Sherlock begging for forgiveness, well, quite frankly it frightened John.
The detective faced the blond. “Enjoy your walk.”
The blond slowly brought the pieces of the puzzle together, “
Sherlock snorted and regretted the action when continuous amounts of foam dripped from his mouth. “I didn’t know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. The way you immediately attended to my welfare, anyone without medical training would phone 999 and wait at my side without taking extra precaution of making sure to prevent myself from choking on my spume — so army doctor.”
Molly gently looped her arm around Jim’s shoulder. “Jim works in IT upstairs.”
“Never mind that. We found the case. According to someone, the murderer has the case, and we found it in the hands of our favorite psychopath.” Anderson remarked.
John smiled. “
Sherlock was a bit confused as to why this ‘John’ didn’t speak a word. “Why didn’t you ask him whether he wanted to eat here or take it to go instead of signaling?”
Sherlock went towards John, feeling the Omega’s pulse and hiding the anxiety that was close to making his fingers tremble in fear. “What have you injected into his system?”
John. He was actually here in the flesh and bone. Sherlock felt his knees becoming weak. How was the vampire capable of abandoning his dying mate all those centuries ago? How the fuck did he have the courage to leave John when he wasn’t dead? Nothing made sense. But nevertheless, Sherlock knew one thing and that was how his happiness had finally been restored.
“An outside eye, a second opinion. Its very useful to me.”
Mycroft scoffed. “Don’t be ridiculous. Sentiment is clouding your judgement. You need to break off this wedding. You will enter the church and you will expose the Watsons for what they are. Murdering criminals.”
John removed his hand. “
John Watson has known Greg for a long time and it pleased the Alpha to know that the Beta finally got the promotion he deserved. And to celebrate, Greg invited John to his party and now here he was, chatting with his closest friends, Sebastian Moran and Jim Moriarty. Jim and Sebastian have been mates for a long time and John was happy to hear about the constant sex taking place in their lives.
“Yes. My business here is done.”
The smell around the atmosphere was cold, damp, and… antiseptic? Sherlock could barely feel the neurons bouncing around in his brain while the tingling sensation of nerves prickling at the base of his skull felt more like needles being penetrated through his flesh. Sherlock twitched when he scented an unknown aroma that immediately made him know that he was being held in a warehouse with only one way in and one way out.
James was photographing the candidates who possessed the repulsive trait of becoming a werewolf.
John picked up a bar and gave it to Sherlock. “
“Nothing. Um, hey.” Sherlock falsely smiled as he faced Jim again.
From what John could remember of his past; he joined the army for a few years and ended up getting shot in the shoulder. Or at least, that’s what he’s read on the files pertaining to his name. After an accident that John could barely remember, he was immediately recruited by an anonymous corporation who sought out potential human beings that had the capacity of becoming trained killers.
The blond choked on his tea and blushed crazily as the older lady began to giggle. Sherlock was confused as to how Mrs. Hudson emitted this reaction from John. It intrigued him but why? Why was he curious? Why was he feeling a bit angry that it wasn’t him who caused John to react this way? This felt a bit like jealousy. Sherlock ignored the stupid thought and cautiously eyed John.
John waved the older man goodbye and resumed to cleaning.
“Well Sherlock dear, think about it. Society has named politicians with rich last names and reputable tempers to dictate that everyone should be normal. But when people are out of their minds and going bat shit crazy, it’s almost a sixth sense that we have to put away criminals, psychopaths, and cold-blooded killers inside four walls that promise to deliver punishment and rebirth.”
Jim licked his lips and said in a cold voice, “
What was his main question?
Greg grabbed Sherlock’s arm. “I’m serious, Sherlock. Listen, I’m cutting you slack here, I’m trusting you, but out there somewhere, some poor bastard is covered in Semtex and he’s waiting for you to solve the puzzle, so just tell me — what are we dealing with?”
The owner of the restaurant came over and smiled happily at the detective. “Sherlock.”
“Ah, of course. You’re lack in sign language is evident. Van coon was murdered, the man was left handed, highly impossible for someone who’s left handed to shoot themselves on the right side of their head. Obviously, he was murdered.”
“Dealing with a killer who can climb.”
But this newly discovered truth corrupted everything, if there was a way, he could prove that John was innocent and place the blame on John’s parents, then Sherlock wouldn’t hesitate to do it. But his brother threatened to end John’s life and if Sherlock could prevent anything, he could obviate the chances of any harm befalling upon his beloved prince.
The older man placed himself in front of John, shielding him from the tall idiot. “He didn’t mean to what? Humiliate my worker and make fun of the fact that he’s mute. John can very much hear you, he has feelings too and just because he’s different, it doesn’t give you the right to find his weakness and hurt him. You know it’s people like you who are worthless pricks.”
Sherlock vehemently spat the cigarette in his mouth to the floor and growled predatorily. The vampire felt his rage boiling as he watched the filthy werewolf advancing herself towards his Omega. Sherlock reached for his gun and moved towards the target; losing John the first time nearly killed him, he sure as hell wasn’t going to lose him again.
The blond’s eyes widened for a second and he simply smiled at Sherlock. “
Sherlock slammed his fists onto the table, scaring Mrs Hudson and turning to face John while John tried to understand what the hell just happened. “Clostridium botulinum. Its one of the deadliest poisons on the planet. Carl Powers.”
After his lovely nap, John woke up groggy and disoriented but refreshed. He hadn’t realized that the day had disappeared already for the dark streaks of the night had made its appearance all over London. John yawned sleepily and decided to go downstairs where he would make himself a cup of tea. The flat seemed pretty quiet, John suspected that Sherlock hadn’t returned and that suited him just fine.
“You sure you’re all right?” The D.I. questioned again.
“We’re obviously looking at a suicide.” Dimmock stated.
Lestrade was taken back by the random as hell question. “Excuse me?”
The older woman smiled cheerily. “Oh, of course.” Mrs. Hudson pulled the detective closer. “Is he the one?” She asked quietly.
Sherlock eyed the wreckage on the ground and noticed John in the kitchen; plates, cups, cabinets, microscopes, and broken chairs were surrounding the Omega’s unconscious body. Sherlock felt his chest tightening when he madly pushed through the destruction and rushed to John’s side, turbulently moving the debris from the Omega’s body.
“I said. Don’t. Touch.
Sherlock kept running, kept opening millions of doors and feeling like he was placed into a maze with no exit, just for the fun of it. This game was becoming too frustrating for the Alpha.
Back in the safety of their flat, Sherlock was deciphering the code with the book that Soo Lin advised them to use. John was upstairs taking a nap, not really noticing that the day shifted into the night.
Sherlock smiled at John’s response.
John smiled childishly at Sherlock’s reaction to the question. “
“Just answer the question.” Sherlock sharply snapped back.
. This was the first step to commencing a revolution; Betas were next in line. The government passed outrageous laws that involved the removal of rights belonging to Betas. This was a much harsher step because if Betas were deemed unworthy like Omegas, then the entire system was doomed to collapse.
“Please accept my apology. I’m-I’m not very good at this. I’m not used to these things. This is all I can do, to show how deeply sorry I am.” Sherlock said softly.
Alex’s fiancée, Liz was wiping away the tears from her eyes. “He wouldn’t. He just wouldn’t.”
Sherlock lewdly licked his lips and took the opportunity of approaching John while his little scorpions’ back was towards him.
Sherlock looked back at John with a mischievous smile. “There isn’t.”
“Is it really possible that every person who commits crimes has vanished? I need a case Lestrade. Find me a case.” Sherlock annoyingly remarked.
Eric felt himself blushing as John rubbed the back of his neck, feeling an inevitable blush creeping into his cheeks as well.
The detective snorted. “How reassuring.”
Golem fled towards the stairs, running up each step when Sherlock located the discarded gun and pulled the trigger. Each time missing his target, till finally Sherlock ran out of bullets and he angrily tossed the gun aside.
“Thank you. Although, I am in the market for a flat mate. It’s hard to come across one these days.”
Eric gave his uncle a tight smile, the urge to punch Sherlock’s face was growing but instead he faced John. “We had a lovely conversation. Goodbye, John.”
Sherlock went back to St. Bart’s and occupied a small container with Mr Monkford’s blood, sampling the substance and delivering three droplets of a solute that would easily mix with the blood sample when his phone rang.
Mrs. Hudson jumped at the sudden noise. “You’re back early. Why so quickly?”
“So, a child with big feet gets…” Sherlock remained quiet until he realized something. “Oh!”
The blond threw a punch towards the detective’s face but Sherlock blocked the punch by holding onto John’s arm and twisting the blond around. John’s back met with the detective’s chest and Sherlock was about to place the blond in a headlock position when John placed one hand on the detective’s wrist and the other reached back, gripping Sherlock’s shoulder. With all his strength, he flipped the detective over his head and slammed him against the floor.
“Tragically.” Sherlock faced his brother.
Moriarty pointed at Sherlock. “Its not about gaining money from those idiots who want me to organize their crimes. Its about sending a message, its about showing the world that you and me, we have a lot in common. And we can do great things, Sherlock. And I’ve seen it, you are capable of destruction and chaos but you are always pulled back to the ground by our own Johnny boy here.”
John abruptly sneezed, “
The detective released her and headed towards the door. “Who cares about decent? The game, Mrs. Hudson, is on!”
John was sitting in a chair, his unconscious body slipping sideways as the ropes around his body prevented him from falling to the ground. Blood trickled from his temple and stained his cheek due to a horrible blow to the head. The blond slowly started to wake, regaining his consciousness as he threw his head back.
“Hi.” Jim squeakily answered.
Sherlock approached the body. “Must be. Odd, though, he hasn’t been in touch.”
John felt his clothes sticking to him and he honestly just wanted to go home. “
“You’re
“It’s a warning.”
The boy was weak, he really did believe that he was cursed to be alone, without anyone to protect and love him. Of course, Sherlock had his brother but since Mycroft found himself a goldfish, the Alpha has been preoccupied with reserving his attention to Greg Lestrade. The Omega boy had to admit that he liked Greg, the Beta wasn’t a total idiot but even the abandonment of his brother left the boy to scurry for himself.
The sweet warmth on his face made him smile. He slowly opened his eyes and lifted his hands to rub the sleepiness out of his eyes. John rolled onto his back and silently sighed. Like every day, he would open his mouth to speak but he couldn’t. He tried to form any random words that he could say out loud but nothing came out. John raised his hand to his throat and deeply inhaled. He closed his eyes and he was taken back to his past.
John was still trying to do his best to make Angelo understand that he wasn’t Sherlock’s date but John failed again, god how he hated that he couldn’t physically speak.
Sherlock quickly answered. “I am. John, didn’t you tell me that you wanted a Mazda RX8 for your birthday.”
“No.”
The coachman was whipping the reins in his hands, prompting the horses the run faster for he didn’t want to get himself in trouble by taking the prince late to his own wedding. The trip from the Holmes kingdom to the cathedral located on the outskirts of London was about 40 minutes away but with the rain, the trip would be delayed to perhaps an hour or so.
“Well, it was a tragic accident. Or so, everyone thought. I was only a kid myself. I read about it in the papers.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Why are you so concerned about this?”
John was barely entering the flat and heading towards the kitchen, repeating Mycroft’s unanswered question in his head and feeling absolutely lost.
Sherlock pointed at the man’s back. “Flabby, you’d think he led a sedentary life. Yet the soles of his feet and the nascent varicose veins in his legs show otherwise. So, a lot of walking and a lot of sitting around. Security guard’s looking good. The watch helps too. The alarm shows he did regular night shifts.”
Sherlock was not used to someone appraising his special gift that everyone found annoying. His natural talent to deduce everything was usually despised by everyone except for John. He was genuinely shocked, “Really?”
John wanted to speak, to tell this man to piss off but he couldn’t therefore he felt vulnerable and powerless.
“You’re still upset about last night?”
Sherlock wiped away his tears and snorted. “People don’t like telling you things. They love to contradict you.”
“What the hell are you on about? You know I could have you sacked on the spot.”
Sherlock studied the signals John did with his hand, he didn’t catch the words that were being said but he had a clear idea of what this man signaled. He felt like a complete dickhead and stood shocked in place. Lestrade faced Sherlock and he immediately wanted to punch the detective in the face.
The Omega boy could smell gunpowder being recently exposed from being stored in barrels for too long, there were puffs of black smoke that kept getting thicker and thicker due to the boy smelling fire that could easily make him choke. Sherlock felt his eyes watering when a wave of gasoline and blood clogged his ability to breathe and fogged up his vision, he could taste the copper on his tongue and the cloud of flammable gas that would easily burn the Omega boy if someone dropped a lighted match.
“Ah, right. Labels. No need to explain. Well, I’m glad you could make it over, we’ve had a break in.” Sebastian got up from his seat and led the way. “Sir Williams’ office — the bank’s former chairman. The room has been left here like a sort of memorial. Someone broke in late last night.”
Sherlock’s left arm came over John’s, placing his fingers over John’s as he helped his flatmate hold the violin correctly. “That’s how you hold the violin.”
“Oh, for god sakes, the treasure! Where is it?!”
Sherlock made a disgusted face, he wasn’t used to seeing Mycroft’s soft side. Mycroft stood up straight and pinched Greg’s butt, then faced his younger brother.
Mr Ewart chuckled lightly while scratching his shoulder, which captured Sherlock’s attention. “Oh, you two are adorable. I love seeing young couples such as yourselves being happy. You two must really love each other.”
Sherlock was under the rain, waiting patiently for the owner of Speedy’s to leave. The detective waited until he saw the older man exiting the restaurant and heading for his car. He watched as the older man finally drove away. Sherlock smiled and stayed in the rain for a minute longer and headed towards Speedy’s. He peered through the windows and saw John cleaning. The detective moved his wet curls away from his face and opened the door quietly.
“Sorry.” Eric looked offended for four seconds.
The woman held up a lucky cat. “Do you want lucky cat for husband?” She pointed to John.
“Go on.”
In confusion, Sherlock headed towards the window and saw a CCTV camera moving from side to side. The detective flipped off the camera as Lestrade laughed at the man’s reaction. “What does my brother see in you? I do not know. But apparently, you two were made for each other.” Sherlock looked around his flat. “I am clean!”
“None has come up.”
“I’m sorry.”
Shan turned around and pointed the gun at Sherlock but the detective hid himself from sight.
The detective ran to the window but the man disappeared. “Dammit!”
Other than the detective’s mood swings, John and Sherlock were happy together. The blond was very happy to live with the detective and not only has their friendship developed, they became inseparable.
“That was the purpose for this!”
John chuckled as he scratched the back of his head. “
John sent an offended glare and put his hands up. “
The blond reached the bottom of the stairs and witnessed Sherlock desperately trying to unbutton his shirt. The detective was impatient and he forced the still buttoned shirt over his head when he caught the reflection of John through the mirror.
“I don’t need —“ The detective was cut off by John kicking his foot and accepting the check.
“Fetch it for me, if you wouldn’t mind.”
The blond faced Angelo trying to explain that he wasn’t Sherlock’s date but the man misinterpreted John’s hand gestures. “Oh, no worries. Order anything you like, don’t worry.” Angelo faced Sherlock. “He’s a bit quiet but I like him. Good job, Sherlock.”
Before John could respond, Mrs. Hudson came in, interrupting the warm moment. “Here you go dearie. This will make the inflammation in your throat to die down a bit.” She handed the tea to John.
Sherlock chuckled. “If you’d like to believe to that, sure. But I can assure you, I’m not a psychopath.”
When John returned to his prior spot —his cock against Sherlock’s face— the Omega was already seated on top of the Alpha. Sherlock fell down against the ground with a painful shove, he was being crushed. John was seated on top of him, his thighs were still caging around Sherlock’s head when the Omega delivered a bitter punch across the vampire’s face.
“Jim Moriarty. Hi.”
The woman cocked the gun and pulled the trigger.
John snorted. “
“Mycroft, cut to the chase.”
“Janus Cars. The clue’s in the name.”
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Lestrade abruptly asked.
As the years progressed, Omegas were equally respected as if they were Alphas or Betas. But that didn’t stop Alphas with a prejudice nature to look down at Omegas like they were sex machines waiting to be fucked and become pregnant with pups. John fought hard to earn his respect in the corporation and he did, but the problem of discrimination against his gender wasn’t caused by those who ran the corporation, rather the new candidates that were becoming field agents.
“Obviously. Can you walk?”
“What am I doing?”
“Oh, you’re a doctor.” Lestrade asked excitedly.
“What’s been stolen?” The detective questioned.
John appeared behind Sherlock. “
The detective pressed his cheek against John’s and nuzzled himself against John’s skin. “Yes, but I tend to spoil my husband and I love getting him what he wants, right darling.”
John frowned. “
John had to work an early shift this morning, so after he left work, he bought two sandwiches and trudged up the stairs.
Books would be burned, free speech would cease to exist, privacy would not abide, free will was to be purchased in a high price, internet would be monitored, communications with the outside world would be nullified, and the existence of a free country would seem more like a dream than a reality. And that was the last step to beginning a riot against the government.
John immediately shut the door of the fridge when he spotted a severed head resting inside. John rolled his eyes and went back into the living room where he sat down in his arm chair and glared at Sherlock.
“Ah!” Sherlock excitedly exclaimed.
The detective gave Raz his phone, asking the kid if knew about the paint used at the bank. Raz recognized the paint but had no idea what the symbols meant. Sherlock kept exchanging information with Raz, both not noticing John slipping away. John looked down at his watch and noticed that two minutes have passed and John wasn’t keen on being caught by an officer.
Lestrade complied with the man’s orders and left the café without his food. The detective didn’t move from his spot and continued staring at John.
“Eddie Van Coon brought a package here the day he died. Whatever was delivered inside that case… I’ve managed to piece together a picture…”
A young woman entered the lab, poking her head from behind the door and happily approaching Sherlock. “Any luck? Oh, Sherlock, I didn’t know you had company.”
Sally appeared next to Greg. “Not yet.”
“What do you mean?”
Sherlock looked up at the twinkling starry sky and smiled, “Beautiful, isn’t it?”
John sat down in the armchair and continued looking around the flat. Mrs. Hudson rushed up the stairs. “What is it dear?”
Sebastian scoffed as he pointed at Sherlock. “Right. You’re doing that thing.” He faced John. “We were at uni together and your husband had a trick he used to do.”
John leaned down, coming closer to the detective’s face, his thumb grazed across Sherlock’s high cheekbone. The sudden touch caused the detective to rest his hands on the blond’s exposed biceps. His nimble fingers made small circles over the muscles that were currently forming. Sherlock lifted one hand towards John’s wrist and placed two fingers over the blond’s pulse. John rested his nose on the detective’s and to Sherlock’s surprise, he didn’t stop the blond from what he was about to do.
“I’m sure.”
Sure, vampires were immune to drugs but for Sherlock; if he consumed cocaine or heroin, his performance on the field would become much
John was diving in between cars when he looked over at the Alpha who was shivering uncontrollably. “Hey, are you okay?”
A surge of hostility came over him like a tsunami wave, Sherlock bared his teeth and hated the way John was denying him the pleasure of seeing the hidden lust buried deep inside John’s eyes. Sherlock did not tolerate rudeness, and it was fucking rude of John to deny him the reciprocation of their evident feelings towards one another.
“Mr Holmes…”
Mycroft smiled. “Since I met Gregory.” The older man began to walk away. “Till then little brother.”
That didn’t last very long until he entered an age where boys and girls were capable of violence and instead of the Omega boy relying on his deductions to save him, he relied on himself to stay quiet. But even the boy couldn’t take his own advice and at this point, Sherlock was tired. The Omega boy was exhausted of experiencing the same perverted attention that Alphas gave him whenever they detected his scent.
The man on the screen began to speak, “
Or perhaps not.
“Small, strong hands. Our acrobat.”
“Nice meeting you Doctor Watson! Keep your boyfriend in check!” Sally shouted at John.
Jim accidentally knocked down something from Sherlock’s table, purposely sending the metal bowl towards John’s side. As Jim went to go pick up the fallen item, he sneakily slipped John a piece of paper and walked away.
The soft look of tenderness vanished from Sherlock’s face and the mask of an apathetic killer went back into place. Sherlock pocketed the memory of his past and waited for two humans to remove themselves from his landing spot. Then without hesitation, he jumped. Sherlock fell down eight floors and landed beautifully on the ground without breaking any bones.
Sherlock sat down and opened his computer notebook. “Oh, I’ve been too slow. She didn’t have a laptop, which means she did her business on her phone, so it’s a smartphone, it’s email enabled.” He pulled up the Mephone’s website. “So, there was a website for her account. The username is her email address…” The detective typed in the email address. “… and all together now, the password is?”
authority to boss the Omega boy around.
The private bus that was designated to take the entire section of the boys from Kent College to Camp Redwood was being driven by Spalding, an older quiet man with a disheveled nature and long hair. Spalding calmly drove towards Camp Redwood, he looked in the rear-view mirror and saw a tall boy with wild curls standing up and walking towards the back of the bus.
“Hello Mr Holmes.”
“Not in a police car. I’ll be right behind.”
Fear was instilled in every citizen and everyone was on the full brink of paranoia. After that announcement was relayed, another law was being recited. The British government deemed it mandatory to erase everyone’s information on the system and recreate London.
The boy felt his legs wobbling as he sought purchase on the bed, desperately seeking the sheets to hold himself upright. Sherlock managed to stand up but his legs gave out beneath him when he hurriedly went around the bed, feeling only a tad bit safer that the bed was in between him and the Alpha. But now the Omega boy was faced with another problem, he didn’t have a way out now.
John removed the cloth from his throat and placed himself on all fours as he coughed, groaning while taking deep breaths.
Mycroft thought John was adorable with his small notebook and taking notes, he seriously wondered why Sherlock was holding back and not admitting his feelings towards John. “He had an Oyster card but it hadn’t been used.”
Sherlock nodded. “Companionship is just another form of entertainment. Why else would you be here?”
Moriarty smiled psychotically when his voice went a note higher. “Jim? Jim from the hospital? Oh, did I really make such a fleeting impression? But then I suppose, that was rather the point. Gotcha feeling groovy baby and rocking you like a hurricane.”
Mycroft handed the detective a file he had in his hand but Sherlock didn’t take it.
Jim threw the memory stick into the pool and skipped back towards John, crouching over John’s sprawled body and taking out a knife. “You don’t understand, do you Sherlock? I don’t care about the missile plans.”
Like the badass he was, Sherlock nonchalantly walked away and turned up his collar.
“Laterz.” Sherlock waved the couple goodbye.
“With that level of personal grooming?”
Sherlock was beginning to become irritated. “I was invited.”
Sherlock went to grab his coat. “I believe you have everything. Thank you. John, lets go.”
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. “Good Samaritan.”
Sherlock began to shake his head. “No, no, no, no! Tell me nothing about him, nothing.”
The detective placed the photos down and went to sit in his armchair. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
John asked Sherlock, “
Sherlock smiled widely, basically feeling his round eyes transforming into palpitating red hearts that spoke the silence of his adoration towards John. “Excellent.”
Lestrade lifted his hands in surrender. “Hey! I had a case and you just happened to be with Mycroft. In the end you did introduce me to him.”
The owner of Speedy’s came out of his office and handed John his check, “You sure you can close up alone?” John nodded. “Alright, get home safely John. Goodnight.”
Sherlock was in his flat, fully dressed, except for his Belstaff coat. He walked to his coat hanger and retrieved his long gorgeous coat. He slid the piece of fabric onto himself and looked at his watch. It read eleven pm, he knew that John was closing tonight. Thanks to the detective looming at his window everyday, he managed to learn John’s schedule and he needed a day where John would close by himself. Sherlock waited for five more minutes and right on schedule, rain began to pour from the skies, showering London. The detective smirked and headed downstairs.
Sherlock smiled knowing that eventually John would say yes. Mrs. Hudson came out of her flat. “Sherlock, what have you done?”
Sherlock reached the thirteenth floor, he stepped off the lift and was greeted by loud music and bright lights. The Omega boy was self conscious about his appearance but he managed to keep himself steady as he pushed past the crowds of people to reach his brother. Mycroft was lovingly holding Greg by the waist and nosing at the Beta’s scent gland, the boy tried his best to not vomit when he witnessed the display of affection.
“Why didn’t he close the window when he left...? Oh, stupid, stupid! Obvious. He’s still here.” Sherlock looked around the flat.
“Why don’t you inflict your useless opinions to someone who might actually care?”
“Is that anyway to greet your older brother?”
Mycroft leaned against his desk, “27. Clerk at Vauxhall Cross. MI6. He was involved in the Bruce Partington Program in a minor capacity. Security checks A-OK. No known terrorist affiliations or sympathies. Last seen by his fiancée, 10:30 yesterday evening.”
John had to stay home and recover, he sent a message to his boss and with such calamity, his boss told him to stay home and get better. The older man assured him that he’ll have Chris take over for him. With a satisfied smile, John placed his phone on the nightstand and slept.
John sneakily took out a cream from his pocket and showed it to Sherlock. “
Lestrade ignored the request. “Will you come?”
Sherlock was confused. “I beg your pardon.”
John looked back at Soo Lin and grabbed her. “
Sherlock tried to locate the tall man but the fucking images of the projector kept flashing against his eyes. “Who do you work for, Dzunda?”
Sherlock looked back and heard the receding footsteps of Shan disappearing at the end of the tunnel.
“Everything. Have you ever heard of the Golem?”
John placed the shoe down and faced Sherlock. “
Sherlock nodded in agreement and the two men walked a few steps back to Sherlock’s flat. Lestrade left Sherlock at the front door and he was about to walk away when Lestrade felt a light hand tapping his shoulder. He turned around and was faced with John, “Oh… John.”
In the blink of an eye, Sherlock swirled around and wrapped his fingers around Anderson’s throat. Sherlock towered over Anderson and snarled, tightening his grip and constricting the air rushing through Anderson’s throat.
John nodded as he threw the gun away.
Sherlock listened to the entire story and asked, “Do you still have the memory stick?”
“A friend?”
Obviously, it was too much for Sherlock to take in at the moment.
“Nothing. All the living classmates check out spotless, no connection.”
With great difficulty of staying seated in one place, due to the coach shaking from side to side and running over bumps that caused Sherlock to jump out of his seat, the prince managed to open the window. Sherlock was on the verge of telling the coachman to stop the horses when he heard the coachman yelling in desperation.
“Fine. Perhaps you can get through to him, John?”
“You’re my flatmate! Entertain me!”
Jim shrugged his shoulders, letting out a bored sigh. “Ya know, this whole situation is giving me the heebie jeebies. I really shouldn’t be enjoying this as much as I am. But oopsie!”
John looked down at himself and shook his head. “
Sherlock faced John. “Your turn.”
Killing the werewolf targets be damned; Sherlock was not going to let any harm fall upon John and because of that, the vampire lifted his gun and aimed at the back of Bainbridge’s head. Without even remotely thinking of the consequences, Sherlock pulled back the trigger and took the shot. Exactly when John was about to reach down for Bainbridge’s legs, the Omega noticed the mysterious Alpha pulling the trigger and a bullet was flying towards the back of Bainbridge’s head.
“Why do you say that?”
The blond came closer and slipped the shirt off the detective’s arms. He looked up at Sherlock and offered a small smile. John looked down at the detective’s exposed torso and carefully ran his hand over the broad smooth chest. Sherlock felt his breath hitching at the touch but before he could do anything, the blond pulled away.
“Was it for money?”
Sherlock knitted his eyebrows together. “Excuse me?”
On the other end of the line, ragged breaths were escaping someone’s mouth. “
John snorted. “
Mrs Monkford faced Sherlock and John. “Yes, sorry, but I’ve already spoken with two policemen.”
The blond awkwardly made eye contact with Sherlock and he quickly went to explaining what was happening. “
John nodded, “
John knitted his eyebrows together. “
“Are you planning to become a violinist anytime soon?”
“The killer was here.”
“No, I don’t work here, you see. Just popped in to give you a bit of friendly advice.”
“How’s the diet fatty?”
The detective swallowed his saliva. “He’s too ordinary. And being with someone means that you’ll put them in danger. I don’t have time to save those who are dear to me when there’s a bigger problem waiting to be solved.”
The same day that Alphas lost their voice in society and were labeled as unimportant like Betas and Omegas, the government announced their monopoly on everyone’s privacy. People in London were to be watched under surveillance 24/7. Phones, computers, internet, social media, bank accounts, and anything that dealt with privacy was to be tapped into.
John hesitated but one look into Sherlock’s ocean blue eyes and he gave in. They both walked quietly. “You know, we haven’t actually met properly.” The detective stopped and extended his hand. “I’m Sherlock Holmes.”
Gears were screeching to a halt, data running through his brain made no sense, the very basis of breathing was incomprehensible, and the unawakened feelings from the past were drowning Sherlock. Darkness was absorbing his body, walls were closing in around him, his throat was thickening and the painful cutting edge of guilt was eating him alive. Sherlock’s past had finally caught up to him.
John watched the man walk away as Sherlock spoke. “You may as well eat. We might have a long wait.”
Sherlock determinedly shook John, making John open his eyes for a bit longer but before Sherlock could pick up John. A red dot appeared on John’s chest along with more red dots appearing all over their bodies.
John was tossed towards the kitchen; crystal glasses were exploding due to the force of the bomb and broken pieces of glass violently penetrated the Omega’s skin. John was slammed against the fridge, he fell on his side and landed on the cracked pieces of glass and wood.
Sherlock rested his forehead against the nape of John’s neck, the warm pants escaping Sherlock’s mouth were creating specks of water droplets onto John’s skin. “You want someone like me because I’m the only one who will treasure your very existence. Can you not feel how hard my cock is for you? Every time I see you, John, I just want to touch you and make you mine.”
“Then I’ll continue not to make that mistake.”
“This is childish.” Sherlock scoffed.
Angelo came to their table with a small glass bowl containing a candle surrounded by rose petals and placed it in the middle of table. He gave John a thumbs up as he walked away to quickly retrieve a plate filled with salted caramel cheesecake bars. Angelo smiled excitedly and made kissy noises while pointing at Sherlock and John. The blond falsely smiled and sent a wink towards Angelo while mouthing a silent ‘thank you.’ Angelo smiled merrily and left the two men alone.
This was honestly a horrible day for the wedding, the sky was pouring and it was freezing beyond belief, Sherlock anxiously wanted to insult the idiot who planned the wedding for today. Weddings, from what Sherlock knew, happened during beautiful sunny mornings with a breathtaking landscape that made all the guests happy.
“Sorry mate but none are appearing.”
A most successful campaign.
“Do you know why the human race is weak? It is because of sentiment and for that, we must blame the heart. If it wasn’t for the heart, we wouldn’t care about anything but since we do have it, we are susceptible to feeling emotions.”
“Can’t be as simple as it seems, otherwise the bomber wouldn’t be directing us towards it. Something’s wrong.”
“Hello, my sweet Gregory.”
John roughly swatted Sherlock’s hand away, shoving the taller boy back with a violent push. “You’re Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock sensually dragged his tongue across the nape of John’s neck and moaned when the taste of John’s skin imprinted onto his tongue. “The things you do to me, John Watson. You drive me insane with the urge to have you beneath me, to have you at my mercy and letting me inside you.
John finished the rest of the sentence. “
“Always in pairs, John. Look.”
Sherlock snorted as a woman answered the call box. “
Instead the detective decided to hit a nerve, “Well, Lestrade is not your type at all, yet you both clearly have taken interest in each other to the point where you both have slept with each other already. Yet, as much of an idiot that he is, I do not question your choice. I do not ask why you chose him specifically because I simply do not care. So, do not come to me with this speech of me choosing someone below my title. I choose whoever the hell I want and I do not need your permission to seek out someone. So, dear brother, will you have the intelligence to. Leave. Me. Alone.” The detective spit the last words out with such a force that it almost tasted like venom.
Anderson swallowed down the urge to cry at the sharp slap delivered to him and mumbled out, “I understand.”
John and Sherlock hid behind a wall while John signed. “
With his long coat and navy-blue scarf, Sherlock hurriedly went down the stairs and stood outside waiting for Lestrade to follow him. “Where too?”
Andy took Sherlock and John to a room where relics were placed for safekeeping. The detective narrowed his eyes as he came to stand in front of a statue, a marble piece of art that was marked with the same symbol from the bank and the library.
Not really.
It was clear that John was sexually attracted to Sherlock but besides that, the Omega didn’t react to his presence. Sherlock felt his world spinning and a heavy lump was growing in his chest, making it difficult to breathe.
The driver unlocked the door and without a warning, the Omega ripped open the car door and flung the Alpha driver onto the ground. John shot at the man, purposely aiming at the Alpha’s feet to scare him away. Luckily, the man took the hint and went off running. The Omega tucked the gun behind his lower back again and went towards Sherlock, grabbing the Alpha from under his armpits and lifting him to his feet.
“That you’re an excellent doctor and you’ll be a great assistant for me.”
“Let’s go to the bank.”
Mycroft snorted as Sherlock kept his gaze locked onto John.
There were so many times where Sherlock was tempted to go back into injecting heroin in his veins and allowing the golden drug to take him to euphoria. The Omega boy was even curious to see how lovely it would be to overdose and escape reality because existing in this cruel world was leaving behind scars and bruises on his body and face.
John pointed at the kitchen counter. “
“What?” Lestrade questioned.
John growled and took Sherlock’s tongue in between his teeth and brutally bit down with such a force that Sherlock let out a tortured yell. Sherlock dug his nails into John’s wrists, inflicting pain upon John until John released his tongue. Splashes of blood were covering John’s teeth and to return the favor, John hateful spat blood into Sherlock’s face.
The detective sat down and investigated the sample he took from the shoes and viewed them underneath a microscope. Sherlock kept looking between the microscope and the computer screen next to him, he kept scanning the sample testings while trying to find a match as to where this matter could be found. But so far, Sherlock couldn’t find a match.
Moriarty cocked his head to the side and smiled widely. “I fucking dare you, Sherlock.”
John smiled tightly as watched Jim walk away. John fidgeted with his fingers, wanting to get rid of the paper in his hand which clearly held Jim’s phone number.
John looked up at the detective. “
“John! I’d like you to meet my nephew.” The older man said.
Sherlock was rather confused at the proposition and immediately felt uncomfortable, he kept asking what was the purpose of this meeting. Victor smiled coyly and told Sherlock that he wanted to see the Alpha’s cock, and if Sherlock did what he asked then Victor would show his penis to Sherlock. The Alpha shook his head and decided to leave when Victor pulled Sherlock back.
John shrugged his shoulders. “
“Oh sorry, didn’t I say? Joe Harrison’s flat. Brother of West’s fiancée. He stole the memory stick, killed his prospective brother in law.”
Sherlock didn’t expect the spiteful comment and for a second, he was surprised to see a burning flame coming into the light.
Sherlock unlocked the phone when the voice of a woman read out a new incoming message was sent. After the voice of the woman was cut off, there were five Greenwich time signal pips playing before the phone went silent.
“I’ll get some.”
Mr Ewart reached for his wallet and flipped through every slot, looking for change but couldn’t find any. “No, sorry.”
That person was named John Watson.
Sherlock dove down and took hold of John’s lower lip in between his teeth and with a sickening moan, Sherlock bit down into John’s flesh. Sherlock broke the skin and savagely tore his teeth away from John’s lip, consuming the pained groan John emitted. Blood was oozing from John’s split open lip and Sherlock couldn’t help but eagerly run his tongue along the wound and drink down the precious liquid that radiated throughout John’s body.
Nearly six centuries had passed since the night Jim Moriarty was killed. Yet the ancient feud between vampires and werewolves had proved unwilling to follow Moriarty to the grave.
King Holmes appointed Sherlock to find a bride or groom to marry and secure the kingdom’s future. Unfortunately, King Holmes had a long line of friends who were willing to give up their sons and daughters to marry Sherlock Holmes but once Sherlock laid eyes on them, he’d commence the gruesome process of skinning every prospective bride or groom to the bare bone with exposing embarrassing past events and unattractive habits that would put off anyone.
In a world dominated by Alphas, Omegas, and Betas, life was good. Or at least from an Alpha’s point of view, life was extremely perfect. Alphas were the superior gender, anyone who was not born an Alpha were subjected to being exploited. Betas were in the middle ground; they obeyed any rule given to them by Alphas but they had enough power to oppress the inferior class known as Omegas.
The call ended and Sherlock looked back at the sample, eyeing the reaction and smiling widely.
“Food is a distraction and useless.”
Sherlock invaded John’s personal space and whispered into John’s ear. “How does it feel to have daddy’s cock stuffed inside you? Do you scream in pain or does daddy’s good boy beg for it like a pathetic whore?”
Mrs Hudson huffed in concern, “I’m not your housekeeper!”
John snorted as he got up from his armchair. “
Sherlock stopped his rapid pace and looked up. “Her case! Come on, where is her case? Did she eat it?! Someone else was here, and they took her case.” He faced John. “So, the killer must have driven her here; forgot the case was in the car.”
“Seems the logical assumption.”
John thrashed against Sherlock’s hold but Sherlock didn’t let him go, instead he pressed his cock against John’s and began to roll his hips. “That’s it, John. See how good we feel together.”
The Omega boy was on the verge of slamming the door in Victor’s face when the Alpha struck his palm against the door, not daring to let the boy close the door. Victor closed his eyes and took an exaggerated inhale, his nostrils flared when he detected the boy’s scent. The Alpha was beyond stupid to not even begin a composition of how Sherlock’s scent affected him, for all he knew, the Omega boy smelled sweet and he wanted a taste.
The detective cracked the code and jumped in glee as he figured out the message. “John!”
Sherlock stared at the man, not saying a single word, just scrutinizing John in a silent manner.
“Me too. I’ve texted him regarding a bunch of cases I need help with, but he doesn’t reply. What’s with him?” Lestrade questioned.
“Sorry what?” Molly said in shock.
Sherlock snarled impatiently and slapped Anderson across the face. “God fucking dammit, Anderson! I said you do you understand?! Your lack of response brings down the IQ of the entire school!”
Mr and Mrs Holmes recognized one another as if they belonged to the same status and gender. Even if by law, Mr Holmes was an Alpha and Mrs Holmes was an Omega. Seeing this highly developed relationship caused Sherlock to believe that one’s secondary gender was irrelevant. That was until he began school and his perspective concerning Omegas was altered.
Soo Lin softly parted away from the John’s lips. “Thank you.” She gave John a small kiss at the corner of his mouth before leaving.
“You want to hide a tree, then a forest is the best place to do it, wouldn’t you say? People would just walk straight past, not knowing, unable to decipher the message.” Sherlock said as Raz led them to a specific wall.
John took a look at the morning paper. “
Sherlock fixed his leather jacket and took a few steps forward, standing to his full height and overshadowing John while blowing a cloud of smoke into John’s face.
Sherlock felt the shivering goosebumps running down his body at almost feeling the warm breath against his ear. Sherlock was this close to running after the Omega and claiming John as his mate again, when the werewolves entered the tube station. Sherlock growled in annoyance and hid himself behind the pillar.
Gradually these laws became oppressive over a short period of time; specific laws were meant to take away Omegas’ rights to vote, work, pregnancy, abortion, healthcare, and voicing their opinions. The upheaval of riots —mostly consisting of Omegas— were advocacy to restoring Omegas’ prior rights but the majority of society which involved Alphas and Betas, were pleased to learn that Omegas were being commanded to return to their formerly accustomed biological nature.
Well, Jesus fuck.
P.s. In this episode, we are introduced to Soo Lin Yao played by Gemma Chan and I have the hugest fucking love for her. She’s my wifey and because of that reason, her fate in this chapter will be different.
John looked back at Sherlock. “
The D.I. faced the shorter man. “He’s a good man. I think he’ll be good for Sherlock.” Lestrade stood in front of Mycroft and pulled the taller man closer to him. “Give him a chance. You might grow to like him. I know I do.”
Mary came to Bainbridge’s rescue after loading her gun and shooting at Sherlock. Sherlock smelt the bullets aiming towards him and instantly sought the protection of the pillar again while Mary followed his every step, going as far as to shoot through the pillar. Sherlock snorted, as if bullets could ever go through concrete barriers, this werewolf was painfully idiotic.
“Exactly! They weren’t there. I made a fuss. I tried to get the police interested but nobody seemed to think it was important. He’d left all the rest of his clothes in his locker. But there was no sign of his shoes.”
Irene mockingly caressed Molly’s face, wrapping her arms around Molly’s waist and molesting the girl. Everyone began to laugh at the sound of Molly’s screams and gradually, every single person began to mimic Molly’s high-pitched shouts. This continued on for about five minutes when Irene silenced everyone and grabbed Molly’s face.
Sherlock jolted into awareness, his eyes shot open and he was greeted by the ceiling fans that were spinning and spinning above him. Sherlock extended his left hand, ridiculously expecting John to be by his side but he was only met by an empty space that consisted of grains and pebbles of asphalt. Sherlock let out a sluggish groan and sat up too quickly for his own good, the world around him began to spin uneasily and Sherlock felt acidic bile rising up in his throat… he vomited.
Then he could feel the growth of his pupils, it seemed inevitable for he couldn’t prevent this action. The desire to wrap John in his arms was itching at the tips of his fingers. And he could feel his eyes dropping down to look at John’s lips… they looked so balmy and supple. How odd.
“And the blindfold, the horizontal line. That was a number as well. The Chinese number one, John.”
John was wearing a bright orange colored safety vest while taking notes. “
Mrs Monkford wiped away the tears from her eyes. “Sorry… my husband has been depressed for months. Who are you?”
Sherlock made an exaggerated sigh and faced Greg. “You do see, you just don’t observe!”
Sherlock was placing on his gloves as they continued going up the stairs. “May need a bit longer.”
“Sorry.”
“It’s been almost a month and you haven’t left your flat. I want to know why?” Mycroft studied Sherlock and tried to find the hidden truth.
“Oh dear, I’m sorry for rushing you here but Sherlock has me worried.”
“This is a witness, she was close to being murdered if it had not been for John. She can tell you everything about the killer. Van Coon and Lukis were working for a gang of international smugglers. A gang called the Black Lotus, operating here in London right under your nose.” Sherlock said as he approached Dimmock.
And there’s a bit of Mystrade!
existence. The roles of every Alpha, Beta, and Omega in society would be reduced to complying orders from the government and becoming slaves without rights. To put even more salt into the freshly marred wounds, everyone’s history would be wiped out.
“Moriarty!”
John looked at the screen of the computer notebook and it showed the clock spinning again, which meant that the killer was moving. The blond figured, once the clock stopped spinning, he’ll see where the murderer is and he’ll probably find Sherlock. He went to grab his leather jacket when he wondered how he would arrive at the location where Sherlock would be, the complication of having a rude taxi driver was not a situation John fancied.
John shook his head but Sally continued talking. “Don’t bother denying it. Opposites attract. As much as I hate to admit it, you two make a lovely pair but I do worry about you. You seem like a good man and good men shouldn’t be hanging out with Sherlock. Why don’t you find yourself a hobby? Stamps perhaps. Model trains. Much safer than you’re boyfriend.”
Sherlock forced himself to peel his eyes away from John’s wounded form and make eye contact with Jim. “Dear Jim… please will you fix it for me to get rid of my lover’s nasty sister? Dear Jim, please will you fix it for me to disappear to South America?”
Sherlock quickly joined John in the cab again and gave the cabbie a new direction. “Now we go to the gallery. Have you got cash?”
Molly chuckled in disbelief. “His underwear?”
“Thank you.”
John’s eyes shot open and he gave Sherlock a venomous glare, “Fuck you!”
“You seemed… annoyed.”
Sherlock glanced at Lestrade, “Remember, I’m bored and I haven’t had a case in months, so I will bother this man until my question is answered. Judging from the time your order went through the kitchen in the back, that would put us at waiting for twenty minutes. So, that would’ve meant that we were going to stand around doing nothing while you would try to have a small chit chat with me. So, to prevent any dull human interactions with you, Lestrade, I find myself pressuring this man to answer a simple question. Which by the way, this is pretty fun. Now back to you.”
Greg, John, and Sherlock were walking on the shoreline of the Thames, approaching the next case on their list. Lestrade led the way, bringing everyone towards the dead body that washed up on shore and waited for Sherlock to begin with his deductions.
Sherlock leaned back against his chair and looked up at John. “Go on, then.”
“Cover would have been perfect. Businessman, making frequent trips to Asia. Lukis was the same, a journalist writing about China. Both of them smuggling stuff about. The Lucky Cat was their drop off.”
Sherlock immediately pocketed his flashlight and faced John, placing both hands at either side of John’s head, holding him in place.
“Well, maybe it was in the case when you brought it back and it fell somewhere.” Lestrade offered.
.” He finished typing in the message and triumphantly held up his phone. “
The detective was studying the antiques behind the glass cases when he faced Andy. “What was the last thing that she did on her final afternoon?”
Sherlock lifted a file in his hand while walking towards Greg. “Raoul de Santos is your killer. Kenny Prince’s houseboy. Second autopsy shows that it wasn’t tetanus that poisoned Connie Prince, it was botulinum toxin. We’ve been here before. Carl Powers. Tut-tut. Our bomber’s repeated himself.”
Sebastian lowered his gun, the Alpha approached Jim and teasingly slapped Jim’s ass.
Mrs. Hudson entered the flat, “Oh dear. They’re making such a mess. What are they looking for?”
But perhaps there was a 0.01% of goodness inside him; so instead of delving into drugs, Sherlock stuck to smoking cigarettes. Cigarettes weren’t considered as divine pathways that led into a healthy long living life but they were preferred than raw narcotics that slowed Sherlock’s capability to think. The new set up of his life was the beginning of something terribly wonderful.
Soo Lin nodded at Sherlock’s question. “Only he would do this. Zhi Zhu.”
There were different symbols everywhere, a new message waiting to be deciphered. John stepped back, jumping in glee to having found more evidence.
It was night already and the blond was calmly reading a book in his bed when he heard the door downstairs being slammed shut.
Sherlock looked up at John. “Who’s talking? Why are you crying?”
A lightbulb went off in John’s head. “
Mycroft faced Sherlock. “You. Will. End. This. Wedding.”
Mr Prince pointed towards the stairwell. “Upstairs.”
“In a way.” Liz answered.
Sherlock made his way to the restaurant where Van Coon came to grab lunch. The receipt was in the detective’s hand as he came to the front of the restaurant. He was talking out loud to himself when he bumped into someone.
John shook his head, not agreeing with the D.I. “
Sherlock, John, and Greg stood inside 221C, eyeing the vacant flat. It seemed more like a basement that was empty of furniture, an abandoned cellar with patches of paint peeling off the walls and mold gathering everywhere. The only thing out of place was a pair of shoes resting in the middle of the living room.
Sherlock headed down the stairs. “John, come on! Lestrade, they take the poison themselves; they chew, swallow the pills themselves. There are clear signs. Even you lot couldn’t miss them.”
Sherlock jumped up excitedly. “Exactly! Nobody would have been looking for it.”
John’s eyes widened as Sherlock blushed.
The blond rolled his eyes. “
“John, stop!”
“Actually, I’m not the only one enjoying this.” Lestrade pointed to the window. “Look outside the window.”
The blond smirked. “
Sebastian came closer to John. “Watch closely, your husband will do the thing.” He faced Sherlock. “60 seconds apart.”
Mycroft tapped the handle of his umbrella. “Sherlock, even you are a terrible liar. I must admit, in the beginning I didn’t understand the interest you took upon John Watson. I thought he was too simple for you. But then, when I briefly met him, I realized that he’s not excessively terrible. And judging by Gregory’s positive comments on the man, I approve of the idea of you and him becoming more than just flatmates and friends.”
The detective looked out the window and he quirked his lips into small smile. “I’m excited to see how you work as well.”
“Oh yes. John this is Molly. Molly this is John.”
John went around the counter. “
John cocked his head to the side. “
John’s heavy breathing was hindering and he was hesitant to converse with this man,
John aimed the gun towards Golem and squeezed the trigger, perfectly aiming the bullet towards Golem’s hand and injuring the man. Golem growled at the pain searing through his injured hand, roughly releasing Sherlock and pushing him towards John. Sherlock stumbled towards John, clumsily falling on top of John.
Sherlock swore to fucking Satan himself that he’d do anything to have John at the palm of his hand. Sherlock couldn’t explain the unfamiliar sensation taking over his body but he did know that the love for John Watson was no like no other love.
Jeff didn’t answer.
Once the coach made contact with the river, the force was so great that Sherlock’s fingers slipped from the handle and fell back. The prince savagely banged his head against a metal bar in front of him and fell unconscious.
John looked down at the puddles of water everywhere and up at Sherlock, “
Dimmock spoke up. “What do you want? I imagine giving me a witness involves an exchange.”
Mr Ewart exposed his neck and Sherlock took in all the evidence presented to him.
Sherlock distractedly agreed, “Yes.”
Liz sadly wiped away a tear. “He didn’t steal those things, Mr Watson. I knew Westie, he was a good man. He was my good man.”
Sherlock lowered the gun towards the bomb that stood two feet away from Jim. If anyone was to die, then they would all die at the same time.
They walked away from the market stand when John noticed the same woman taking pictures of the detective and him. But as quickly as she appeared, she vanished.
John rolled his eyes. “
The detective tried to approach John but the shorter man was not having it. Sherlock panted out, “You can talk.”
John wanted to knock some sense into Sherlock’s head for opening his big mouth but John didn’t have any other option than to show Molly the piece of paper Jim gave him. Molly faced Sherlock with tears in her eyes and left the lab. Sherlock was confused at Molly’s reaction while John came to stand by his side.
Year by year, Sherlock grew up into the nineteen-year-old boy that he was now. And Sherlock created a unique look for himself which included a black leather jacket, a plain white shirt beneath and black trousers along with the fanciest dress shoes that gave off a bad boy/posh vibe. It was no surprise to Sherlock that every boy and girl in school had an evident crush on him; of course, Sherlock knew that he was the hottest shit to ever walk around these halls so why couldn’t he bask in the attention that everyone gave him.
The blond tried to escape the ropes binding him to the chair but it was bloody impossible.
sound at having John’s cock smooshed against his face. John allowed himself to fall and made a 360 spin on Sherlock’s neck, making the Alpha dizzy and forcing him onto the floor.
John panicked at the sudden force and instinctively used the heel of his hand and thrusted it upwards, meeting Sherlock’s nose. Sherlock released John and held his nose while he groaned at the pain. John took the opportunity and ran away. The detective’s eyes were watery from the pain in his nose, at least it wasn’t broken but it would swell horribly. He shouldn’t have grabbed John,
“What?”
Before Sherlock could jump out from the coach, the wheels of the coach went under and slipped off the bridge, falling into the river. Once the coach went overboard, the prince was brutally thrusted towards the front of the coach but Sherlock held onto a handle located above him. Then, with the nauseating feeling of one’s guts hanging in mid air, the coach fell towards the water.
Sherlock kept the gun pointed at him. “Catch you… later.”
“Probably.”
John gave a small smile before he faced Sherlock, delicately caressing the Alpha’s cheek and leaning up to capture Sherlock’s lips. They halted for a bit and lost themselves in the tender kiss that John gave Sherlock.
Sherlock walked away, throwing aside the coat he had on. “You should be. Have a nice day.”
Before John could stop himself, he pulled back the trigger but Sherlock managed to throw off the Omega’s aim and instead, the bullet carved its way through the platform.
“As you keep reminding me.”
“Date stamped on the book is the same day that he died.” Sherlock explained, showing John that the journalist came to the library for a purpose.
Sherlock nonchalantly made his way towards John, who stood across from him. “Distraction over — the game continues.”
“There’s a bakery down the road, it has a wide selection of cakes and other sweets. I wouldn’t mind if we both went together.”
“How?!” Sherlock shouted in frustration.
What the hell? Sherlock was a brilliant human being, ever since he was young. Surpassing everyone in his classes and making a name for himself. Any problem in front of him, he could solve it in three seconds. There were better things in this world than having
Sherlock snarled in anger and grabbed John’s hand, pulling him towards the door. “We have to go.”
Before John could answer, John felt an unbearable pain at the back of his neck followed by the sight of pitch darkness.
Lestrade waved John goodbye and went rushing down the stairs. Sherlock waited until Lestrade was out of the building and leapt into the air while clenching his fists in triumph, and then twirling happily around the flat. “Brilliant! Yes! Ah, four serial suicides and now a note! Oh, it’s Christmas!” He reached for his scarf and coat. “John are you coming?”
“You look too happy. It’s not decent.” The older lady commented.
In a few hours or so, Sherlock would be inside a cathedral where him and John would make their vows and be married. It was odd for Sherlock to be excited but it would be an understatement to say that he wasn’t looking forward to the wedding. Of course, he hadn’t known John for very long except for their previous meetings together but he knew that soldier prince was meant for him.
Once he said the name, John removed his foot and instantly, the man died. The blond looked at Sherlock, as the detective ran the name through his head.
John cocked the gun and pointed it against Sherlock’s forehead. “So long, handsome.”
Sherlock placed both hands under his chin and looked at John. “Will caring about them help save them?”
A pain began to emanate from Sherlock’s head and lower back. “Jesus.”
The detective whispered underneath his breath. “The curtain rises.”
“What, and I didn’t notice it? Me? I didn’t notice?” Sherlock looked at John. “That’s impossible, John sent a text message to the phone and he called back.”
John and Sherlock calmly walked towards Mrs. Hudson’s car.
John fucking Watson, the hottest boy with arctic blue eyes and shining golden blond hair. Oh John, a creation given to Sherlock by Satan himself, an entity destined to fall at Sherlock’s feet.
Moriarty pulled back the blade and eyed the blood seeping down the knife. “Awe, isn’t he sweet? I can see why you like having him around. He’s cute when he’s not hurt. But he’s so much more adorable when he’s in pain. I can see the pain flashing through your eyes, Sherlock. But then, people do get so sentimental about their pets. They’re so touchingly loyal.”
Sally hissed and cocked her gun. “Old habits die hard.”
John glanced around the room and settled his eyes on Sherlock. “
Soo Lin looked at the pots. “I had to finish. To finish this work. It’s only a matter of time. I knew he would find me.”
“John, how nice to see you! I was hoping it wouldn’t be long. How can I help you?” Mycroft said as he went to look through a pile of papers.
Lestrade began laughing. “Of course, I’m getting a sandwich. Join along if you want.”
Every single student at Kent College were either jealous or terrified of Sherlock’s group. Such nocuous effects brought upon a single emotion that everyone shared when they saw Sherlock Holmes and that was fear. Sherlock never expected to become the person he was today because when he was younger, he grew up in a loving atmosphere that consisted of his father, mother, and older brother.
“Then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face.” Jim opened his mouth and created a shocked expression.
Across the pool, a heavy door located towards the locker rooms was pushed opened and slowly, the door screeched until it was closed shut. Distant footsteps echoed through the empty pool, making Sherlock’s skin crawl in curiosity. Then the door leading towards the pool was being opened, a small sliver of the stranger’s face appeared and it wasn’t enough data to allow Sherlock the excitement of guessing who the man could be.
The detective smiled as they exited the shop.
“Sorry boys! I’m so changeable!” Moriarty returned to the pool, throwing his hands in the air and eyeing the couple on the floor.
The detective looked out the window and smirked. “Four floors up. That’s why they think they’re safe. Put a chain across the door, bolt it shut, think they’re impregnable. They don’t reckon for one second that there’s another way in.”
The D.I. read the label on the suitcase, “Jennie dot pink at mephone dot org dot uk.”
Before Sherlock could over think this statement, John returned.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as the white noise buzzed through the phone. “Hello?”
The detective stood up straight, defending his opinion. “But don’t think I’m going to apologize for the things I said to Eric.”
“No, you won’t.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at the adorable man before him. “You... you had a row with a machine? An inanimate object that humans have invented to clearly override and control.”
Sherlock angrily muted the tv. “Well, obviously I lost this round. Although technically, I did solve the case. He killed the old lady because she started to describe him. Just once, he put himself in the firing line.”
Before Kirk could even comprehend what was going on, the doors leading to the main bridge were opened and phasers were going off.
The blond lifted his eyebrow and smiled as he released one of the detective’s wrist. “
Sherlock and John felt the blood draining from their faces, they stared at the television for a few shocked seconds before the Omega faced the Alpha next to him. John was about to say something when Jim continued speaking.
Jim eyed Moran’s swaying ass, making a hungry sound while Sebastian left the pool.
“The cipher?”
John shrugged at the detective’s absence and went to make his tea. Once his tea was done, he sat down in his armchair and blew over his hot tea. He took a few sips and remained quiet until his eyes reached over to where Sherlock’s violin was resting. The violin was next to the detective’s armchair and John simply stared at it.
Moran harshly lifted the man to his knees and grabbed the back of the man’s head, exposing nothing about the person who was dragged into this situation. Jim scrutinized Sherlock’s emotions while witnessing the unknown person being forced to face Sherlock.
King and Queen Holmes felt their mouths dropping open and smiling in relief when they viewed Sherlock accepting John. Both kingdoms would be united and Sherlock would be the next heir to the throne. Which is what led Sherlock to be in the position that he was in right now, Sherlock was adjusting his black tapestry vest and slipping on his velvet tailcoat.
The blond grew impatient and grabbed a pillow and threw it at the back of Sherlock’s head. The detective faced John. “What?”
Sherlock kicked down his chair and yelled as he felt a twitch of pain in his nose. Sherlock felt angry at his failed attempt to apologize and with all his force, he punched the wall, leaving a prominent dent.
According to the vampires, their side of the story was mainly the truth.
Sherlock faced John, “Mr Ewart of Janus Cars, had a 20,000 Colombian peso note in his wallet. Quite a bit of change, too. He told us he hadn’t been abroad recently but when I asked him about the cars, I could see his tan line clearly. No one wears a shirt on a sun bed. That plus his arm.”
Sherlock began to walk back towards Mycroft when he caught the scent of the Alpha that would haunt his dreams. The Omega boy stopped in full force and inhaled deeply; his mouth was watering as he drank down the man’s scent. The boy faced the direction of the man and let out a shaky moan, the powerful aromas of this Alpha was leaving Sherlock with an erection.
Omega. The Alpha was already making his excuses to Jim and Sebastian when he noticed that the boy ran away from the party and disappeared.
Sherlock faced the blond. “Will you come live with me? I mean, I would like to have your company when I’m visiting crime scenes. What do you say?”
Sherlock resisted the urge to vomit and concentrated his attention on the tie that he was fixing but the boy scoffed in annoyance when he looked at his watch and calculated that the bellboy who was supposed to deliver his dress shoes was eleven minutes late. The Omega boy rearranged his tie and decided to pace for a bit until the idiotic bellboy delivered his shoes.
“Tell us where you are. Address?”
“Worth nine million pounds.”
John gently rested his head against Sherlock’s chest and followed the Alpha’s movements, they were softly swaying from one side to another. No music was needed for the shatter of glass and the breaking of homes were enough music to John and Sherlock’s ears. Sherlock pressed himself closer to John, directing their intertwined hands towards the Alpha’s beating heart.
With slow hands, John scanned each item, becoming annoyed at the loud voice that emitted from the machine whenever he did something wrong. Once John managed to scan everything, he entered his card, waiting for the machine to proceed his payment when the bloody machine began to boldly state that an
The detective nodded at John’s answer but deep down inside, he was jumping with joy. “Shall we go home?”
But no, this time the detective clearly rejected him. John felt like such a damn fool, of course, Sherlock wouldn’t see him other than a friend and flatmate. John pulled away from the detective’s grasp, taking the violin with him and resting it on the floor. He faced Sherlock and gave him a forced smile, an expression that felt foreign to him.
Sherlock was studying the blond as well, he noticed how John had warm eyes and a eulogistic smile that suited his face. The detective calculated every detail pertaining to the blond and Sherlock was bold enough to admit to himself that his flatmate was… what was the word? Attractive.
John looked at the dessert in front of him and couldn’t help but take a bar and savor its taste. While the blond was enjoying the sweets, Sherlock was still looking out at the window as he quietly drummed his fingers on the table.
Sherlock snorted. “Not a patch on Connie Prince.”
This was the first time where Sherlock encountered a person who fought back, it was oddly refreshing to finally have a strong opponent. Sherlock had finally met his match and he swore that John Watson would be the only one who would ever have the privilege to fight him back. Sherlock could feel the sputters of blood oozing from his nose and mouth when something horrendously occurred which pissed off the taller boy.
“Then why didn’t he cancel his dental appointment?”
“Since I first met you.”
“We need to find out information about this dead man, find about his friends and —“
The D.I. eyed the detective in suspicion. “Well, I don’t know.”
Mr Prince shook his head. “It’s the way you look at him. Its as if he’s the only person you see.”
Liz let out a choked sob, shaking her head and burying her face in her hands. John briefly sat next to her and comforted Liz for a bit. Once Liz stopped crying; she apologized to John for breaking down in front of him and walked John towards the door. When Liz opened the door, a man was coming in with a bike over his shoulder.
“We don’t know that it was suicide.” Sherlock walked towards the suitcase in the corner.
John and Mycroft visited the bakery together and enjoyed a few cakes while conversing with one another. They chatted comfortably and Mycroft was honestly surprised at actually finding the blond interesting and not tiresome. It surprised John when he emitted a few chuckles from the older man and the friendship between them was slowly building up.
Greg couldn’t hold back his opinions any longer. “When are you ever going to come to terms that you like John. Or at least admit to yourself that you’re starting to feel something for him.”
“And?”
Sherlock snorted at Molly’s words and eyed Jim. “Gay.”
John finished his tea and looked at Sherlock, “
John has never felt this emotion towards someone before, it was odd. John smacked his palm against his forehead,
The D.I. smiled, “Thank you.” He barely noticed John sitting down. “Oh, hello John. Nice to see you again. I hope this berk apologized to you properly. By the way, what happened to your nose, Sherlock?”
The Alpha looked back at John. “Piss off.”
The detective spread the photographs from the flat onto the table before him. “Can you decipher these? Do you know what’s the code?”
“Cause I’d be surprised, Sherlock. Really, I would. And just a teensy bit… disappointed. And of course, you wouldn’t be able to cherish it for very long. Ciao, Sherlock Holmes.”
The blond parked the car in front of the college, seeing the taxi car parked as well. He looked at the two identical buildings, John looked back at the screen again, and huffed in annoyance when he realized there wasn’t a specific location showing where the phone was. The blond held the gun in his hands and chose a building.
Sherlock kept looking everywhere, failing to see the Golem sneaking up behind him and covering Sherlock’s mouth with his enormous hand. Golem began to smother Sherlock while Sherlock hastily struggled against the man’s strength. Sherlock tried to push away Golem’s hand from his face when John appeared before them.
John smiled. “
.” The detective remained silent as he stared at John. “
“I don’t feel anything other than respect for John.”
Sherlock panicked and held onto the Alpha with a vice grip, naively leaning up towards the Alpha’s lips and whining when the Alpha pulled away.
Sherlock stared at himself for a long time until the Omega boy couldn’t handle it anymore, the boy felt his chest fluttering with broken sobs. Sherlock placed both hands on the sink to prevent himself from falling to the ground, he wanted to breakdown and feel the exact moment when his body —which was made of glass— would eventually shatter into pieces.
“John.” Sherlock caressed John’s cheek and held him tightly.
“We have to get to Soo Lin Yao.”
The scent was heavily musky, the boy could smell the different types of dirt mixed together to become a tar like mud that would stick to one’s skin and made it impossible to remove it, with simply one wash. Sherlock felt his entire body trembling, his vulnerable and delicate flesh was quivering with the anticipation of being manhandled.
“Can I have the BLT sandwich and a coffee.”
Sherlock felt his fingers shaking as he eyed his mate on the bed, “What do you want?”
Then Sherlock noticed a patch of water on the carpet when John pushed him forward. “Someone else has been here. Somebody else broke into the flat and knocked over the vase, just like I did.”
John also became good friends with Lestrade. After months of learning sign language, the D.I. finally became fluent at it, thanks to Mycroft’s tutoring and help. Now, Lestrade could have full conversations with the blond and they rather much enjoyed one’s company. Thanks to Greg, he allowed John to go inside the Yard and learn how to fight properly.
“When I was a girl, we met in China. I recognized his… signature.”
The blond was reaching for his jacket when he saw a drawer slightly opened, his curiosity got the better of him and he opened the drawer, revealing a gun. John checked if it was loaded and he figured that he might need the weapon. The blond tucked the gun behind him and slipped on his jacket when the clock stopped, exposing the location of where the killer was. He checked the location and immediately knew where this was, now, he just needed a car to get there.
Phase 2: Destruction within London.
The blond didn’t get to know Mycroft well but from what Lestrade tells him, Mycroft is nice if you use the right buttons and it’d be good to have an ally around. “
Sherlock approached the woman, scrutinizing her and deducing everything about her. “It’s a fake. It has to be. It’s the only possible explanation. You are in charge, aren’t you, Miss Wenceslas?”
“Well, that’s where this gets really interesting. Every door that opens in this bank, gets locked right here.” Sebastian gestured to the front desk. “Every walk-in cupboard, every toilet.”
Mrs. Hudson let John in. “Of course, he is. He’s just upstairs, follow me.” John followed behind the kind woman and Mrs. Hudson politely asked him to stay by the stairs. She walked up to Sherlock’s door and knocked. “Sherlock?”
Miss Wenceslas flinched at Sherlock’s rabid tone but Sherlock ignored her. “No, shut up. Don’t say anything. It only works if I figure it out. It must be possible. It must be staring me in the face.”
Sherlock snarled rabidly, “Get away from him!”
Thank you to my darling LaipseJorge for helping me develop this chapter!
“Of course.”
“Which means whoever stole the memory stick can’t sell it or doesn’t know what to do with it. My moneys on the latter. We’re here.”
The D.I. shook his head. “It’s addressed to you, isn’t it? We’ve x-rayed it. Its not booby trapped.”
Greg chuckled. “Well, technically it was you who introduced him to me.”
John waved him off, escaping the hands that were cupping his face. “
“What is it?” Lestrade wondered.
John obviously saw that the detective hated his brother. “
The detective smirked. “Because of the soap, Van Coon used a specific soap in his apartment which coincidentally, his PA used the same brand. What can you deduce from that?”
Connie’s brother was fixing his hair, waiting for the two young men to take his pictures when the doorbell rang. Raoul opened the door, letting Sherlock and John inside the house.
“Then why are you here? Your useless information is of no use to me. A simple text would have been enough.” Sherlock went to sit down in his chair again.
“You saw the cipher. Then you know he is coming for me.” Soo Lin looked down at her hands.
John was nothing to him, just a colleague, a person he lived with and shared the rent with. Nothing big or complicated, if the blond left, he would be perfectly fine… right?
Sherlock grabbed the gun next to him, standing on his knees and giving John a look. John shook his head while he watched the red dots dancing across their bodies.
Moriarty drove the blade down, piercing John’s side and twisting the knife inside the raw wounded flesh.
Sherlock’s phone made a
John shook his head, why the fuck did everyone just take it for granted that the blond was sexually involved with the detective?
Of course, unbeknown to John, Sherlock had met the boy way before they encountered each other at boarding school. Sherlock remembered it like it was yesterday, he could recall meeting John when they were simply children. Sherlock could almost taste the words tumbling out of John’s mouth when the smaller boy greeted him for the first time.
John snorted. “
Lestrade rolled his eyes. “Well, he won’t be your assistant.”
Moriarty growled. “Didn’t mean it as a compliment.”
“You like the funny cases, don’t you?” Lestrade asked with a smile. “The surprising ones.”
Moriarty took the memory stick, grazing his blood covered fingers against Sherlock’s fingertips and bringing the memory stick to his lips.
Also remember, John’s dialogue is
Sherlock gave the card he retrieved from the glove compartment to John. “Janus Cars. Just found this in the glove compartment.”
Lestrade looked at the watch. “Why regular? Maybe he set his alarm like that the night before he died?”
John smiled embarrassingly and patted the boy’s shoulder while the detective made a confused face.
For four weeks, Sherlock was cooped up in his flat, never leaving at any time. He would remain at his window and not engage in any conversation with anyone. This was unlike Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson has studied his strange behavior and she was extremely concerned. Whenever she would go upstairs to see if Sherlock was at least still alive, she would find him reading books, looking out the window, or playing the violin.
“Stuff I’ve got on is just too big. I can’t spare the time.”
Sherlock shook his head. “No, that’s not it.”
John caught sight of a young boy who had pale skin that resembled freshly squeezed out milk, the dark curls crowning his head were a beautiful contrast to the boy’s ashen skin, the boy had opal colored eyes shining in green and blue shades of sparkling glitter, and to make things even sweeter, the boy was an Omega.
There was a roar of people in the streets screaming and chanting the name of Jim Moriarty. Sherlock deduced that every citizen in London had been taken in by Jim Moriarty and he was certain that John and him were the only civilians who have not succumbed to Jim’s authority.
