Steve had watched Tony’s speech on YouTube. It was about adapting the Chitauri weapons for cancer treatment. That was the gist, Tony had told Steve a number of times how it worked, something like the tech could recognize the owner and also decipher bad growth from good. That was of course after Dr. Banner had explained it for him and the team.
He felt Bucky tense up some.
So he planned to slip out when Bruce was busy with Rhodey and visit the other ferret. It was a beautiful plan, simple and efficient. He just waited till his Brucey bear had the two ferrets in his hand and then slid out of the half on screen using the toilet roll as a ladder.
“Where are you! I’m going to bite you!”
Pepper’s face flushed and she looked away, as Happy offered another bag to Tony.
Bruce wrung his hands, true he and Thor arrived near the end of the accords fiasco, Thor seemed to settle right in and Bruce seemed to have some hang ups about it, he was nervous around Natasha, and his relationship with Tony was also not great. Better than Steve’s though So Steve had been hoping for some insight.
“Doesn’t seem as fun without you.”
“He didn’t tell me he had a tsum, I found it on his bed with his uniform nearby and no sounds in the bathroom.”
I can do this, he thought, for Steve.
Victor bridged the statement on how his partner had done something illicit with his tongue when he’d been working on his last thesis and took him to bed for a much needed rest. Steve of course had shrugged it off; he knew Tony was talking to that man in Europe. Why else would he dart away to take phone calls? Hiding and forgetting about Steve’s enhanced hearing. Sometimes it was Pepper but more frequently it seemed to be someone that Tony wanted to hide, so despite Victor’s confusing advice, Steve decided to keep his classes.
“Ah I understand.”
Tony picked him up again, Steve sighed as he wiggled into Tony’s arms he didn’t mind being held like this.
He can’t recall Steve ever mentioning having a tsum, feeling a bit out of place that Steve didn’t even trust him to mention having a tsum. Tony decided that this was a plushie, he picked it up, a weighted plushie, and held it to his chest as he went looking for Steve.
“Make me round!”
Steve pressed on watching Tony slide up and down on his length. Riding him, Tony started to get a bit more jerky, his movements not as smooth and then he came all over Steve’s chest.
Steve shook his cage annoyed he was essentially a caged slave. While he found himself enjoying Tony’s company more and more. The desire to be free, was his goal. Tony turned towards him. Steve had been right Tony was masturbating, rubbing the oil over his length as he talked to Steve. Tony’s red lips parted as he moaned Steve’s name while Tony rubbed his cock. Steve flushed it was everything he desired, but so shameful. He turned his body away to give Tony privacy.
It was a grand plan that would fulfill Cap tsum’s list and Iron tsum’s list. As well as the rest of the avenger’s lists whether they knew it or not. Using the amex card Tony Stark had bequeathed iron tsum he tapped away on the computer. Doing his best to not look at cap tsum dancing and his plush butt bouncing.
Tony was itching to escape his steed and try to figure out the working bits of the carousel, but with Steve there he was able to squash it. Plus he figured he could always take a look after the festival, something so grand would take some time to pack up. The soft yellow lights were a mimicry of fireflies but it held enough wonder to make Steve look like a fairy of some sort.
Steve bounced enthusiastically on Tony.
“I don’t understand,” Tony grumbled, slumping into an oversized couch. “Steve’s just been so distracted recently.”
“Come on, we’re married now.”
“Goodnight sweet princess!”
Happy pointed along a narrow path that had his dryad magic, shimmering on the edges, along with flowers out of season. Tony rubbed his face with the rag, he was touched that happy had remembered his steam boat rant from a few years ago. He was glad to be given I direction to go to.
Tony’s hand was on the arc reactor.
“He’s not bad looking, Now you said we’d have fish cheek? Do fish even have cheeks?”
It was their turn Sam bowed and presented the mean first, the grey iron clad man tilted his head. Bucky takes a step forward pulling Steve from the sling as he knelt before the man on the throne.
She wove her arms around Obie and let him guide her to the ballroom, answering her ‘delightful’ questions as they went.
Iron tsum closed out of his session and bounced cap, teasing iron tsum, he couldn’t resist.
Steve slowly patted Tony's shoulder as the other seemed to calm down a bit, he could feel how the trembled under his hand. He was kicking himself that shield file had something about water boarding in it. Shit, Steve had triggered something obviously and he just continued to talk slowly and quietly till Tony stopped shaking so much.
“Yeah, he says he can sort of understand you, when you aren’t angry.
The idea of fighting someone for some clothes was truly baffling to Tony.
Well he could change that! The art classes he’d been looking at, well he could take math too. Though he wasn’t certain what type of math Tony used. Not that the school would reject Steve, he’d let it slip once at a press conference that he’d thought about going back to school and a day later his inbox was filled with many academic offers, even scholarships.
“Tsu?”
He muttered into Steve’s ass pleased to land such a nice cucumber.
“Older than you think,”
Steve waited at the door and it was opened up, Tony offered a palm which held him carefully. The bed was much nicer than his cage. Tony lifted up the sheets offering a spot next to him but Steve curled up on the pillow next to Tony. He’d seen the other toss and turn in sleep and decided he wanted a good night’s rest. He didn’t want to be squished at this time. Tony tucked a fur around him and then settled into the bed.
“Tsum-tsum!”
When it became obvious that Steve was too busy to talk or to keep the dates they had set, Tony sought out the help of the most level-headed person he knew.
“I would love that! I need to put on some clothes…”
Next year cap tsum would like to try and make all the gifts for everyone, but tsums were smaller and it was so much harder to make stuff when your hands were actually little nubs.
It's a raw spot and being formal and professional really did help him get over the realization and despair of bucky being alive, that behavior definitely put him in a bad spot team wise. He’s the leader and every one seems reluctant to talk to him. Bruce is wary for some reason and Tony doesn’t even chat with him much anymore. Though that was probably with the accords fiasco luckily nothing came of it.
“Better Steve?”
“This is life!.”
“Oh yeah, I think he likes punishment so much he does it on purpose.”
The ride came to a halt and Steve’s face narrowed off as he looked out at the waiting crowd. Tony heard a stifled ‘Rumlow’ and watched as Steve’s entire demeanor stiffened up. Like he was ready for an attack. Tony got off his animal and placed his hand on Steve’s knee jarring Steve out of his thoughts. Helping Steve down as the zebra stopped at the top of the loop.
“Tsum tsu TSUM!”
“You make weapons.”
Back at the tent Tony had full sized blue lacy gauzy materials that he insisted Steve wear. Steve snubbed them, shucked off his makeshift clothes and burrowed deep into the furs on the bed. Coming up and resting his head on the pillows. Wiggling down and making a show of comfort in Tony’s bed. He wasn’t sure if he could match Tony’s flirting, but apparently he didn’t need to. Tony slid in next to him with a tray of food. Mostly things Steve liked, there were a few figs too.
“I guess I don’t need a shower…”
Tony nodded standing up with his arms full of whine seal. He thanked the lady profusely and headed for the grotto while trying to avoid stepping or tripping on any of the Selkies.
The finger pressed down a bit harder on Steve and he closed his mouth, excited about the possibilities of Bucky coming back.
It worked out amicably for everyone that Steve and Tony returned to their borderline-codependent status. Sam had practically crowed when Steve had told him he was right.
“Are you okay? I saw that one bully you.”
Tony was no longer in bed when he came back from his runs on any given morning. It had been so long, and Steve dearly missed their morning ritual of washing up together. Tony was around, though Steve wasn’t sure why Tony had decided to become an early morning person, and his mood certainly suffered from it. Steve had been on the receiving end of Tony’s snippy attitude for the last three days and he couldn’t think of why Tony was being so short with him. Maybe Steve had started to snore? That would explain the bags under Tony’s eyes and why he wasn’t there in the bed.
Which had been very good, Steve had been able to get a window spot so he could look at that trim fit red and yellow pill. Peter had called him Tony, Steve was utterly enamored by Tony. A real medication, and having scoped out Tony’s packaging. A real pill with flavoring! Steve rustled in his wrapper; they were somewhat similar. Steve was aware he was smaller, and his wrapper was messed up. He liked to think Tony was looking at him, that smooth, sleek, trim, twink, Toradol. What could the garnet and gold pill want from tiny Steve and his askew wrapper?
Tony jumped the poker clattered into the fire and embers scattered along with a whirl of ash. His front was covered and his tattered pants burned.
While it was a curse he found he didn’t mind it so much, he would just rub himself off as a tsum under the moon and be back to human. Of course as a tsum he found the closet to be to spartan so, Steve accumulated things that he felt he would like as a tsum. The most cherished item was an ironman plushie, Steve felt terrible about it but as a tsum. Humping that doll was really exciting, and while he felt terrible about it as a man. It didn’t stop him getting all lusty with it as a tsum. He held some deep unrequited love for Tony stark and it seemed to manifest as a tsum.
Tony was his, the red witch would have to kill steve before he’d let them hurt Tony. The man’s eye brow rose as Steve spat his declarations of love out.
Having Tony, at his side while he tracked Bucky down, from far away was nice. It was much better than before and Tony was pretty good at keeping the balance, following Steve on field and then, not abusing the power Steve gave him. Steve wasn’t surprised he trusted Tony, and the scenes they did do were usually amazing.
“I like you Steve, and everything about you!”
Cap tsum pushed back, puffing up as iron tsum darted away. He grabbed some yarn in his mouth and chased down Iron tsum. Very grateful that his partner was annoying him enough to focus on that rather than the previous not good enough scarf idea.
So Tony followed and when he arrived at Steve’s room the door was ajar and he knocked and stepped in, there was no response.
Helping humans to better understand ferrets, and helping ferrets past their traumas, his latest case Peter had blossomed under him, no longer the nervous twitching wreck when he came to the rescue. Tony was a bit upset as soon Peter would go to his forever home and Tony would be alone again till there was another rescue that would need his help.
“So good Steve.”
He could blame his attitude on the lack of sleep, but if Tony was being honest, he knew it was the hurt he felt over Steve’s cheating.
It was a difficult adjustment to his schedule and circadian rhythm to wake before Steve each morning, but the more lunch dates Steve canceled, the easier it became. Tony was fueled by the stubborn desire to win Steve back, and to resolve whatever he’d done - or hadn’t done - to become so unattractive that it would drive Steve into the arms of another man. Every mile he ran on the creaking treadmill was spurred by the memories of Steve hiding his laptop, every weight he lifted was motivated by Rhodey’s description of Steve’s muscled side piece. He could become attractive again, he could prove to Steve that he could keep up just as good as any other muscle-head in New York.
Steve relaxed under Tony, he could feel Bucky’s eyes but didn’t care as he hovered closer to subspace. It was always so easy to go under with Tony. Steve never really thought about it, till now. It was mostly trust, he trusted Tony unequivocally. Same with Bucky back then but there was always the fear of being found out, that wasn’t prevalent anymore.
“Silver?”
Tony grinned, patting Steve’s hip as he wiggled around to face the other.
“Steve?”
Humans dumped junk in the water and some of the other Selkie were mean, he’d like to take his mom somewhere safe where she didn’t have to deal with the gossip; but also get a mate so she didn’t have to worry anymore. Steve had hoped he could find another Omega and work something out beneficial to them both, in Selkie omega/omega bonds were not unheard of, and he really liked the one folk story about the two female omegas bonding and becoming the currents.
A crinkled magazine with the dominatrix lady standing over a man was thrust into his view.
Tony agreed
“Anywhere, with me.”
Steve made his way over to the tutor unafraid of the other’s stature. Victor greeted him happily and dropped the book quickly. He spotted ‘poetry’ before the book was swept aside, in favor of cracking open Steve’s textbooks.
Steve started to lose focus in battle, he’d manage to balance his school so well at the beginning but with Tony’s new questions while hiding the phone calls, and altered habits. Even if he was using Trigonometry in the moment of filing his shield, he never really needed math; he could see the angles and do all of that in his head. He did appreciate that there was math. Thankfully he’d shifted his focus on the real beast of differential equations.
Steve shook himself off frustrated at his own body; it was too small waifish, he’d been swimming all day and endurance training but the moment he took off his coat he was a weak man. As a seal he had more appeal, complete with unique star spots. He kicked some sand on the inlet he just wanted to find his mate and they could swim away and not have to deal with the rest of this community.
“Tsum?”
“Well,”
“True, but this is probably my fave spot. Next to you.”
“Steve, I understand, but please humor me. Let’s sleep on it?”
“That's nice but not what I had in mind.”
“Ohhh,”
“In bed, I forgive you. Up.”
Tony patted the mer-tsum’s hip eyes drifting back to the dick, he licked his lips.
Tony grinned, as they left. He’d had a nub in the date. Rhodey had been tragically overwhelmed by the amount of dates he could take Buck on. Tony with Steve had let it slip that Bucky rather liked fresh fruit, and any space themed franchise. A netflix and chill date, Sounded like good fun. They had gone just a day earlier and they had gathered up some berries and with the help of human Bruce some plum wedges, Steve insisted Bucky liked plums. Tony frowned as he looked at Steve crafting another bunch of eggs. Time to help.
Steve offered his hands palm up realizing exactly what had gotten Tony in a snit, it was well deserved.
“”Later?”
Christmas was upon the tower, and iron tsum was busy so busy cap tsum had only requested one thing. While Iron tsum was tickled pink with the request he had an idea that would melt cap tsum, which was a very hard thing to do alone.
Steve offered a lazy nod and wiggled a bit closer to Tony.
“How he keeps retreating.”
Tony gripped his dick and stroked it a bit more while holding Steve’s gaze. He came hard and collapsed on the bed. Steve tugged the tent cloth over his face. His edict memory already memorizes Tony’s blissed out face, it was so intimate and Steve was torn on enjoying it or finding it shameful.
“OH, that's for hydrodynamics right?”
Tony blinked at the question.
He looked to Bruce and the other man hunched over.
“Oof!”
“Star? I brought you food.”
Rhodey, while skeptical, was supportive of Tony’s desire to exercise. With ample forewarning, Tony agreed to let Rhodey take him to a nearby Air Force base at an ungodly hour. While Tony protested a bit - Air Force isn’t the same as Army - Rhodey adamantly assured him he’d get more out of training with his guys than what any Army general could do.
Steve really liked it when Tony would man handle him, though oftentimes to really do it right Tony had to be in his armor. Which Steve didn’t mind at all, unwilling to say that he had an armor kink on top of everything else. Tony somehow knew after a while, he was a genius, or it could have been his self incriminating sketches of ironman holding him down.
Tony opened up the brown bag and fished out the last fitter to Steve who looked to be starving based on how thin he was. Tony was smitten, Steve had taken his breath away and as the other inched closer the scent of the ocean overwhelmed Tony, Steve’s eyes were the epitome of water. Tony had it bad, and he found himself not caring.
Tony licked his lips, thinking of those blueberries they had gotten for Rhodey. Actually eating fruit and watching star trek seemed like a better idea every time he thought of it. Would have to ask Bruce politely for some candy apple wedges. Gotta sugar up his Steve, or have some high calorie fruit. Thinking on the best way to recover after their egg hiding.
“Thank you so much.”
“Sleeping beauty, but uh.”
“I think he’s fallen for you.”
All this new tension bled beyond their private life, and into their shared profession as well, battles becoming tenuous and bordering on incohesive.
“With pleasure.”
“Of course Tony,”
It was true that Steve would love it and according to Iron tsum he could wrap his whole chest in it. Cap tsum wasn’t too sure about that, it may need to be a bit longer, human Cap had a really big chest.
That forever errant little red IBuprofen pill was chilling on a shelf. Pepper had long given up trying to rehome the pill in the bottle, she wasn’t too sure if it was the same pill. At this point she didn’t care, she’d plucked it off the ground too many times after trying to get the right dose from the bottle. It was a good luck charm at this point. May she always draw what she needs from the bottle and not spill everything on the floor.
Rather, Pepper gave the place a makeover. Not as flashy as Tony would have done, but better for the situation anyway.
They exchanged a look that Tony could only equate to love, which he desired for himself. He held the bag gingerly feeling the warmth, ducking his head when Ana puckered up.
Tony was iron man, the only Fae that could craft with iron thanks to his mother’s enchanted amulet that she and Howard had forged together. He missed her an awful lot, rubbing at the cool blue gem that was embedded in his chest. The latest weapon for Obie lay on the workbench, he liked his job but hated Obie. it sucked to be an omega hobgoblin, he had all of the cons and none of the pros. Well besides working with iron, but that seemed like a con under Obie that man was insatiable.
So when Tony brought in the popcorn he perched himself on the edge of the couch waiting for the most opportune time for his attack. Tony turned to give Bruce and Natasha a bowl bending slightly and the ass curved. Perfect, Steve launched himself and landed with a thump. Tony fell over onto the floor, he looked over his shoulder to see Cap tsum rubbing his face all over Tony’s ass. Looked like Clint was right, now he was never going to hear the end of that.
Steve nodded as he rested On Tony’s chest, fingers tracing the arc reactor casing.
“Well, not to lay all the gory details on you-”
There was a thump, and he looked up briefly to see Tony smushing himself on the observation port of the puzzle palace. So he had noticed Rhodey’s absence. He shrugged and returned his focus on the two ferrets that were checking each other out.
He offered a dirty rag that Tony had been using to clean the bronze with and the lady took it and wiped the ash off Tony’s face.
Cap tsum had the most magnificent plan, he was going to knit a scarf, but not with those knitting needles, he was going to get iron tsum to help and they would make it by looping the yarn around each other. That way he could make his human Steve an amazing gift while maximizing his time with his chosen tsum. That and he kinda liked watching iron tsum struggle to work out certain things. It didn’t happen very often but when it did that little tongue would peak out and cap tsum found that too adorable to pass up.
“Why are you hanging around that man who could bench me while wearing the suit Steve? Why haven’t we had a lunch date in forever?”
“Oh don’t go, Tony would be heartbroken. I can see why.”
“Here,”
“Yeah, can’t have him biting everyone.”
Tony was awake moaning and his hole twitched around Steve’s dick. Tony leaned back and Steve came again, Tony’s face was pink and he smiled at Steve.
“Uh, it's in.”
The mer-tsum offered a crab hesitantly. Tony shrugged and carefully accepted the crab and trotted off to his armor to cook it. Trying to keep some distance away from the cute mer-tsum. Who was now inspecting his under suit, with great curiosity.
Steve watched Tony’s brows furrow and relax as his eyes widened.
“Oh Tony that feels amazing!”
“Stop distracting me.”
The festival was nice, but Steve was nicer. Then Steve stopped at something so magnificent. It was some sort of spinning structure with chairs of horses that moved up and down as the thing rotated. Tony knew what this was; he'd read it in the books! Steve seemed to be enthralled by the lights and the sounds. He bought tickets for a ride, and in exchange he pulled Steve along. Helping Steve get on top of a zebra, as Tony sat on some sort of hippo? It was something Tony wasn’t exactly sure what but it didn’t matter when the machine lurched into motion and Steve’s sudden gasp.
According to Clint and Falcon Steve was too stiff, he needed to spend more time bonding, with his barriers down. So naturally Clint offers a prank war to mellow the mood. Help Steve have fun, Steve is unsure of why he even agreed. It reminds him a bit of Bucky and that just hurts.
“I was sure this place was just made up in that song,” he deadpanned to a disinterested receptionist.
Ana and Jarvis knew and were stocked up in the kitchen, Ana held out a paper bag that had oil stains and it smelt like potatoes.
Stephanie wasn’t sure if she should let Tony know, not with the other boats…
“Yeah, you’ll help me?”
He sighed into Iron tsum’s side as laughter engulfed the group when Clint made a comment about everything smelling like mint. The vibrations of it were most pleasant.
If that was even possibly Steve was pretty underwhelming. His whale tale was skinny, his tsum tum was concave, he looked sickly. He pushed forward, kicking the water with his frustration.He could see some of the floating bits of debri from the explosion, he gathered up some of the flotsam, using the rope bits he found along the way and picked through the salvage. He found a dingy with a tool box in it. That was the best find, he dumped the stuff he’d been dragging along.
“It's okay, shh.”
“I’m glad, so if there is a festival, would you like to show me around?”
“BOY!”
“Stark is at the forefront, he uses maths on the edge of new. You would need several years, maybe more to be at his level. Would be better to just lift him up and take him to bed to win the argument with other means. He cannot think if brains are preoccupied.”
“This kind of stuff is just really important to Steve, you have to believe me.” Tony thought of the few stories Steve had shared about what it was like growing up sick, small, weak. When Steve talked about it, it felt like Tony was hearing the most intimate pieces of Steve’s mind. It was so difficult for Steve to be defined exclusively by his limitations. And now that he could do nearly anything, Tony knew how Steve cherished his abilities, and what having an active lifestyle meant to him - something Tony frequently avoided sharing with his boyfriend, outside of the bedroom. “I’ve got to win him back, Rhodey. I don’t know what I would do without him.” Tony stared fiercely at his friend.
“This is going to sound stupid, but I kinda don’t want to dig you out. Cause then you’ll leave…”
“I showed them,” Tony bragged into the comms as the Wrecking Crew disappeared from sight.
“Of course, it was just a facade, a charade for the common folk.”
“That sucks, any way we can help?”
He opened the magazine again, picturing peggy as the lady and him on his hands and knees, under her. That had been a brief but amazing time. It was nice to give up control and just follow the orders, it helped that a lot of it was in a safe space and there weren't any deadly repercussions. If Steve wanted to be bratty with Peggy no one ever died. Unlike in the war, which was a shame as Steve and Peggy had been unable to do much in the way of sex due to the close and cramped quarters.
“Now, I want to make you round.”
Bucky stared sadly at the tent he and Steve had shared it was torn to shreds, his heart thudding as he called out for his dear friend. Hoping against all odds their tiny tactician hadn’t been in the path of the red witch’s spell. He cast aside the maps and the shredded well loved books as he called for Steve.
“Yes,..
“Tony will be just fine. I won't introduce them right away. He’s due for some puzzle time anyways.”
“What are you Tony? I’ve never smelt that deep earth and baked sun scent before.”
Tony chewed on the seaweed, spitting it out on the mer-stum’s back where the burn was the worst and spreading it around till it made a nice thick green paste. He placed some of it around the dorsal fin as well. Dipping himself into the pool to rub the rest of the stuff on the tail, Tony encountered the biggest dick he’d ever seen.
“I agreed to a prank war with Clint.”
Steve licked his fingers clean and pleased, Tony had given way. Cleaning up his hands he grabbed one of Tony’s hands. Tugging the other along, while smiling. He hadn’t figured out that harsh scent that was mixed with the earth on Tony but it didn’t matter now for he’d found another omega.
Tony nodded looking pleased.
Steve nodded languidly, Bucky did have a very talented tongue. It was good Tony could experience it. He wanted Tony to look at him though so he squeezed down on the dick and Tony shuddered, eyes flicking back up to him.
Pepper was sitting, her friend Natasha’s cat that bore the strange name of Clint. Natasha had instructions which included cat/toddler proofing the entire house. The cat was a tuxedo cat, Pepper hoped that meant it was easier to clean up after only having black or white fur. Luckily it seemed Clint prefered to hide, and their paths never really crossed.
“Just surprised, warn me next time?”
“Steve, would you like to sleep in the bed?”
“A path?”
Well if Steve thought it was hot Tony would let him continue this, and the attempted dirty talk to that could stay. The nest was going to need a cleaning though. The gelatin eggs were slowly oozing out with Steve’s careful attention, and Tony somehow he fell asleep during it.
Steve seemed happy enough to finally reunite, but also seemed distracted, even distant. All he offered to explain missing Tony’s homecoming was that he’d needed to see Sam.
The clwa was waved at the canal, and Stephnie’s broadside.
Tony had laughed at him, that had stung. He wasn’t sure why it had stung so badly. He wasn’t getting friendly with the enemy! He was gathering intelligence when Tony showed him that map with the iron clan’s territories. He was however handing out really good advice, but that didn’t matter because nobody could understand him.
“As long as you’ll have me, I’d like that very much Steve.”
“Yeah, I just let me get these eggs in.”
Tony hopped on to the skinny ledge, skittering over to the simple pinch lock on the cage and wiggling at it. FInally getting the pressure right to slide the door up. Steve was watching him with wide eyes, Tony wiggled back to the couch and wiggled around making a spot on the cushion near the back of the couch and arm rest to have more sides, for a warmer cuddle.
Jarvis nodded his head
“Oh Tony, I checked out your package every moment I could get.”
Tony whispered and Steve felt wetness on his chest, Tony was crying.
He could live with being wrong, if it meant that he still loved Steve, and Steve still loved him. --
The iron man draped a cloth around the cage like Sam did to sooth his birds. Steve took offense to it, but then with the sound of armor coming off and the fire being stoked, and what sounded like eating. He was suddenly so tired, his body drooped, he was still cold and his belly was making small complaints. It had been tactically unsound to reject the food. He needed to build up some fat for the winter. He wasn’t sure when he’d be fixed.
The Selkies started to sing, as the fireworks ended and a lady rose from the ocean wearing a lovely steel grey fur coat. She grinned as she approached Tony.
Steve dozed off with Tony right there stuck to his side and half in his wrapper. He woke a bit later when he realized that buzzy noise was in fact Tony snoring, but settled down after he assessed everything. Still safe, no cat, and there were bits of blue on the garnet and gold twink capsule that was Tony. Everything was amazing.
“Ah see it's opening, you do want me.”
The weight increased and Tony frowned, his arms were struggling to hold the new weight. He closed his eyes mustering up more strength he could hold a tsum up.
“Sure thing!”
“What’s going on with you two?” Any of the other Avengers would inevitably ask when what started as tense banter deteriorated into quibbling and then outright arguing. It was a hazard for the whole team - they were all sustaining more injuries after each battle, Tony included despite the progress he was making at the gym.
“So if you aren’t dating that man, why are you gone so much? Why are you so tired, and taking not-so-secret phone calls?” Steve asked, almost relieved but still very much confused.
“Ah Bruce requested them.”
“Ah, good, he’s still my favorite rescue.”
Bruce was planning to pair Bucky with Rhodey so he carefully lifted Rhodey up so the ferrets could see each other while being held. Bucky sniffed first then Rhodey. Bruce placed them carefully on the ground in the playpen to watch them interact.
“Steve what are you doing?”
Steve waited, was this what Janet had meant when she put a human under her thrall? Steve wasn’t sure how he’d but this Fae under his thrall though.
“Fine.”
“Wow,”
He slid back into the water letting the boat move away as he stared listlessly at the starry sky. There was a shooting star, zipping past Steve. The water churned around him and he dipped below the surface and followed the bright light that he thought was a star. It landed on the boat, Steve kicked his tail as he neared the vessel again, there was gun fire, shouts, and fire. The Star was spitting fire, which made sense to Steve as it was a “star”. He cheered as the bright little star blew up the caches of weapons, and fought against the many land tsums.
“I can’t really, I know your body language really well but that doesn’t help. You know it doesn’t.”
Rhodey got some fancy soft gloves that Cap tsum didn’t want to leave, the soft faux fur along with the minky it was just too cuddly. Find something else for warmachine these were his. Iron tsum didn’t take kindly to that. Rhodey often had wind chapped hands and these were the solution to that, and they had screen activated finger tips. There was also a comment that the fingers of the gloves looked like udders. Which was uncalled for they were too long to be tsum udders.
Steve sighed as Tony tucked him in, and they cuddled together. Steve pressed a chaste kiss to Tony’s scarred breast bone as his body went lax. He could feel Tony’s arms wrap around him and he felt safe once more.
“Heh, sounds good. Any time Steve, I’m down for a hot dicking from you, any time.”
New was carefully plucked from the enclosure and the lid snapped back into place.
Thankfully most Fae spells were open to liberal interpretation, probably why they were considered so wile to man. One statement could mean many things, cloth or clothes to the Fae it was the same. The spell lifted and Tony felt a bit lighter as Janet smiled and moved away.
“It? Oh yeah, that would be a bit rushed. We can sleep and talk. Maybe get to know each other better before dragging me off to another Selkie marriage?”
“We are not watching your owl movie for the 5th time
“No.”
“Sounds like Tony, so he has a hatred of it just like the tv remote?”
“oH I have to show you my Selkie form! And introduce you to my mom.”
The two tugs were kinda comical, they'd already figured out pushing wasn’t really working but they didn’t give up and Stephanie found that admirable.
“Yes, I’ll miss the extra eyes and companionship.”
“Tsum,”
“The apron suits you.”
The fish was flirting with Steve, he did his best not to let the attention get to his head. The fish only wanted to live in his butt.
“Of course I’ll let you go, your friends too.”
He could hear his mom chiding him in his head, he pulled his finger out of the pool and shook it off as he got up and started looking for seaweed that wasn’t too sun baked to make himself a way to hold the purple urchin. Then seek out his bully and get his coat back so he could enjoy the festival in peace.
“Whoa! Steve.”
“Tsum!”
Tony came to life a bit too late after Clint’s rank ass gas. He was tucked into the couch and pillows were stacked on his form in a pleasing arrangement.
“Pep, the iron?”
The vacuum package must be hard to talk through, he smiled though Tony was moving his case closer by rocking and nudging his package.
Thor swooped in and took a cookie off the plate and took a large bite out of it and after swallowing exclaimed how delicious they were and made eyes at the rest of the plate. Steve handed the whole plate over.
Bucky had left after giving Steve one of the bacon wrapped figs he’d picked up from lunch. Oh and dropping that bombshell that Tony could somewhat understand him. Made a strange sort of sense, he tried his best not to think about Tony liking him and what Tony looked like after an orgasm. It didn’t work out and he had the stiff spot between his back nubs to content with.
“That is a perfect prank for Clint, and you know Bruce and Thor would eat them up regardless. Not so bad old man.”
Ah it made sense Iron tsum hadn’t figured out what to get human steve, luckily cap tsum had an idea. They could focus on that with all the other gifts ordered.
After four more hours at the base, Rhodey pushed a thoroughly exhausted Tony into the car. He had never been more thankful of his Audi’s self-driving capabilities as he allowed himself to indulge in a restless nap on the trip home.
They had areas, usually the bedroom of course for the scenes, occasionally the penthouse kitchen and living room as well. Tony was brilliant with reading Steve, some days after a really hard battle, they would retreat and watch some show and Steve would curl up by Tony’s feet and be fed. Other times when the battle was not as fruitful and they came back with tensions running high, Steve would be strapped down and railed, with the Irondong mark 69 a toy of Tony’s invention that was monitored by JARVIS, and was extremely pleasurable to both parties.
He tried standing on his tippy toes to no avail, the crowd pressed in and a voice to smooth to be human caught his attention.
“Yeah,”
It was a boast, but the idea of having sex with tony all day urged Steve on as he thrust into Tony’s firm tight buttocks. Feeling his dick move within Tony as he pressed in deep. Thinking about how much easier it would be to do this with Tony under him. He tugged On Tony’s nubs holding the other down as he came in thick warm ropes. His body had always been an over producer of cum, he laid there bliss-ed out as his cock rippled with another cascade of cum. Watching Tony’s firm tummy grow a bit with each round.
Steve of course was the man with the plan, and after much dedication, he went over it with Sam. His chosen courses were Intro to Computer Science and Trigonometry. He’d taken math back in the day and figured that it was generally all the same. Sam thought he should just talk to Tony about the paparazzi images, since he didn’t see any difference in Tony’s face in the science schmoozing clips.
“No more cats in our future just us.”
The pilot was very rude, his name was Brock Rumlow and he was loud, grouchy, and leaving crumbs everywhere. He was also being very condescending to some of Stephanie’s crew, thankfully captain Peggy and her team were capable. Brock was pretty much only ever with Coulson the “pretty things” as Brock put it were safely stationed far away. For Brock’s safety mostly.
Pepper shook her head and placed her purse down. She made her way back to the other lab ferret. There she found the door opened, and on the couch a snuggled up and sleeping two ferrets. She sighed, so much for worrying about Tony.
Bucky had chosen to be iced again and Steve ached for his best friend, so no he hadn’t been relaxed and easy to talk to. Maybe he'd been a bit too resistive of the new team dynamic where Tony and he were co leaders. He trusted Tony of course, with his life, he trusted the man to help Bucky even after he learned that Buck had killed his parents.
“Ahem, Tony maybe give the Selkie his coat?”
He was slurring his words a bit and was proud he’d managed to get the sentence out at least.
The soft hesitant voice of the mer-tsum broke Tony’s staring match with the dick.
“Yes I’ll help you Tony, of course!”
Tony sighed he was home finally.
“Bucky!” The other boat with a bird painted on it was chastising the silver and black tug. Stephanie found them rather cute, as a pair.
He jumped up and bounced on Tony’s chest as he puffed himself up ready to fight!
Tony had noticed that Steve was oddly protective of the seaweed bag at his hip. Or protective of it touching Tony, so he assumed that maybe it held some toxic fish or something that could hurt himself. The simple breeches and shirt that hung off Steve, the breeches were nice because they sort of hugged Steve showing off his hips and butt. Which Tony got to stare at as Steve dragged him to the next booth.
“You came for the festival?”
Steve let go of one hand and leaned up to place a kiss on Tony’s forehead, it was easier to get to with his head bowed like that.
Steve stomach interrupts them with a complaint, Tony snickers as Steve ducks his head.
Tony sputtered her next statement. The water was splashed out of Tony’s bucket and unto her.
That didn’t matter when fighting the Wrecking Crew, but it did alter some of his terms. Directing Iron Man to be at the azimuth of 30 degrees from Clint, and not handling it well when Tony made a snippy comment back.
Clint got some special made, by iron tsum ear muffs that had his ears inside, so his ears would stay warm, which had been something Clint had complained about occasionally. His ears would get so cold due to the hearing bits conducting the cold. They thoughtfully decided not to mint up the ear muffs, both thinking of Clint’s face when he discovered that tsums had a musk.
Steve watched the ship lurch in the water and he swam farther away from it. He’d seen how these vessels went down. He wasn’t a confident swimmer like Bucky, so he gave the ship some room to sink. The Star however was propelled into the water with another mighty explosion. Steve dove for it, he knew star’s didn’t care for water. Spotting the red and gold shiny star under the water he swam to it banging his nubs on it trying to wake it up.
Cap tsum was currently so overwhelmed by the lavish attention he was receiving that he’d gone all floppy. Iron tsum was right next to him rumbling up a storm as they were both tucked into the pouch on human Tony’s new gift with the rest of the avengers snuggled around them, the longest group snuggle to date. Iron tsum was too clever thinking of something Cap tsum had only dreamed of.
Followed by a special heater for the feet for Natasha who was always tucking her feet under people, or herself. There was also a blanket with her emblem on it, according to iron tsum it would glow under black light. Cap tsum wasn’t too sure why it would or why that was a feature but Natasha was usually the hardest to shop for, and the blanket was really cuddly.
“No, it feels really good. I can hardly wait for later sex. Where you have me under you on the surf and you fuck the life back into me.”
“Bruce, we have the seizure there were ferrets and they aren’t really friendly at all. Natasha will bring them.”
All it amounted to was a very stiff spot between his back nubs. He did his best to ignore it and eventually it went away.
“Oh well it's easier to learn when you have the same tutor. I just want to know so we can book you with the same one. It's easier on us too. You have trig and differential... wow that's a mix.”
Bruce closed the door quietly, the quarantine room was ferret proof, he’d check back in a few minutes. He’d wanted to introduce the lab ferrets to the others slowly and focused on Bucky and Rhodey, thinking Tony would need a break. It had been foolish of course Tony would let him know when he needed a break. Didn’t matter much now, Bucky would be moved into the main enclosure and Tony would be with Steve in the play pen.
Steve came to from that tight squeeze after a couple of minutes enough to see Tony hanging up his uniform and closing his closet door. Till the stupid thing clicked how was he supposed to get into his closet with his tsum nubs? He should have gotten that closet door fixed!
Steve was on the rim of the sink, teetering. The sink! If Steve fell in he was doomed the jewelry trap that Pepper used was sitting by the soap dish. It was a one way ticket to be dissolved in the drain trap. He wiggled in his package so he could save Steve. He would just pop his package and hit Steve just right and his lovely honey would be safe.
“This is definitely her work, the change is simple though. I feel the red witch doesn’t actually want to hurt people. She has enough power for far more deadly spells but instead she chooses this one.”
Tony shuddered a bit as he meandered away into a large room with tired machines and wonky gym equipment that looked like the rejects from a series of dubious 80s infomercials.
Natasha had offered that Steve seemed rather stiff and if he wanted to spar he knew where she was. The last thing Steve wanted to do was spar, Thor had just looked at him knowingly, no advice from him but Thor was always willing to listen, it made a good dynamic when Steve felt too many emotions at once. Talking to Thor really helped, and he never seemed to judge Steve either.
“Home sweet home.”
Once Tony was on the bed the tsums just took over crowding in and over and Tony was blanketed with the soft aliens. They seemed to be humming and Tony was petting one affectionately.
“It's okay Tony, i-”
“True, but it's nice to have someone to talk to. Tony I don’t mind.”
Holding out the print off of four tiny heartbeats.
“Tsuuu,”
Steve had a terrible secret and wasn’t that new either, some months back one of the random magic users had zapped him, and besides from the minor disorientation nothing seems to have happened. The words something about love under a moon, or something asinine sort.
Steve carefully stepped out of the cage and then slid off the ledge onto the floor. Tony watched as Steve inspected the dreaded peanut butter jar. Steve toppled it with a well placed kick and then made his way awkwardly over to Tony. Seemed Steve wasn’t used to carpet.
“I wanted to ask you on a date.”
He was a trim athletic pill with an easy to swallow coating on his body that was flavored artificial strawberry, he was a bit ashamed of that. A childish feature, but at least the lozenges were also flavored. He’d seen Pepper eat them like jolly ranchers, So he felt safer with them. Also down here, he could ignore Ty stone better than the loathsom suppository that thought since they were both NSAIDs that they belonged together.
“It's more of a bond reassurance, marriage is a human thing, but I’d like you to come to as many of them as you like.”
After art class, Steve knew he had to seek out a tutor for his other subjects. The math lab was tucked right up against the science lab, and was spaced out with many desks and chairs. He signed in at the front, listing the classes he needed help with and the young man at the desk asked him a few questions.
“What the fuck Steve! You stand me up for our lunch dates, treat me like crap on the battlefield. Couldn’t you at least tell me we were done?” Tony’s voice was robotic but it hitched at the end. Steve stared in shock, he frowned at the accusation.
Rumlow looked very pleased as he of course towered over Tony, and while Tony had very nice muscles. Rumlows were bigger, so Steve worried and opted to craft up a plan b. Which required him to get a bit closer to the girl with his coat. Thankfully she was human and he could work some light magic on her while in proximity to his coat. Still irked him that someone he didn’t want was wearing it. Deciding right there he wouldn’t give Rumlow the right recipe for the urchin.
Steve lifted the side of the trailer that had pinned Black Widow down. She gave him a dirty look but launched into action. Their normal team banter was gone and Steve wasn’t doing very well with containing how upset he was at Tony for not going to help Clint the first time he instructed him to do so.
Thor nodded and took the plate heading down to Bruce’s labs with a full grin. Clint looked confused, not sure if this was a prank or not. Tony slid up to Steve.
Steve froze, that sounded very sexual and he couldn’t stop thinking about himself on the floor kneeling in front of Tony.
Stephanie managed a soft giggle at the soggy Tony, not wanting to draw any attention to her or Tony.
Steve looked over the pamphlet Tony had left behind and the guest speakers had listed Tony Stark as one of the main speakers but just under another name, not the guest of honor. No, that was another person, the recent Nobel Prize winner for something that sounded vaguely like it was from Star Trek. Tony had excitedly told him about it and Steve later had looked up the words like orthogonal, hypercube, and many other words, and well, he had more questions at this point. It didn’t matter that he didn’t understand Tony was really giddy and that sort of mood was really infectious.
“Oh.”
“Steve, you promised me dick?”
Carol winked at Steve, and tugged Rhodey away while he and Tony shared a small silence. Tony’s arms dropped off Steve’s shoulders and he started to withdraw. Steve seized Tony’s warm and rough hands and held him in place.
Bucky sighed pleased that Steve finally settled down in the sling. Sam had always been pretty good with soothing the feisty fires in Steve. He was kind of jealous about that.
“Really?”
Tony had dropped only a shelf in the chaos but he’d watched in terror as Steve’s home was tossed and scattered. He watched Bucky take on the cat, and fall on to the floor. Probably with Peter, who was missing yet again. Eyes searching for Steve, there!
“I’m not the one going out early in the morning to contact that European lover from the conference!”
It wasn’t as easy this way with his tail, but it worked for now. Tony stirred under him, the nubs were moving in a slow movement like he was trying to walk. Steve patted Tony’s face, petting the beard it was nice, when they kissed it made a tingly feeling along Steve’s cheeks.
“I’m not done, the tide is going out and now you can be under me.”
“I guess I’ll just have to take him home and ravish him.”
“For you? Anything.”
“Tell me more?”
Tony was not in bed in the morning, and Steve was a bit disappointed when he came in from his morning run. One of his favorite morning activities was waking Tony up and dragging him to the bath for a shared wash. Sleepy Tony was adorable, clingy, and not fully aware. Steve liked to carry the groggy cuddle bug into the warm shower where they’d eventually wash each other.
Steve wasn’t too sure about it but he did owe Tony, who had managed to get Bucky to come up from feeding no small task and it sounded like Tony had risked his tail too.
The human wasn’t aware that Rumlow was Fae which worked to Steve’s advantage, at first but she was really confident that the coat she wore was Rumlow’s. That also irked Steve but he managed to keep his ire under control, carefully weaving magic that would have enthralled just the right amount to hamper Rumlow’s free lifestyle. He wouldn’t be able to come around her area without having her advances and perhaps family getting on his case.
“You’re in good shape.”
He made sure to fill the treat rewards with some chicken liver, and then opened the trapdoor to the puzzle palace. He watched Tony perk up and bounce around the door before darting down. Rhodey followed at a less spastic pace. He closed the door and tackled the litter box first.
“Thank you Steve, that was the best fig I’ve had all day.”
Tony surreptitiously knocked some dirt back into the water to make a little land bridge to the bulb. And patted it as she basked in their orgasm.
Tony ducked his head as his face warmed. Steve's words were giving the flutter heart feeling.
The tent was closed and the fire stirred up, Steve watched and carefully walked his cage’s perimeters getting ready for sleep as well.
“Oh yeah, it does feel nice.”
“Tony, I didn’t mean to.”
He lifts up his hands cupped around Steve. Offering it to them, Steve is nipping his fingers agitated by Bucky's hold. Bucky shows off the smallest and angriest of tsums. The warlord's head tilts as if interested.
“Walking, mostly, but also looking at some book, and,” Rhodey winced, “sharing a scone.”
“The plan is push!”
“I think he’d insist you take as many as you like.”
Steve’s cage was strung up on a wood pole next to a nice fur covered bed. It was so resplendent he calmed a little bit. The tent was warmer than outside, which had been very cold. In his rage he’d lost his only garment. He looked around trying to find a way to escape and the door to his cage was latched in such a way that he couldn’t get out. No they’d done him the dirty and put him in a simple tension locking cage he didn’t have the fingers to open it. He couldn’t even get his nubs to get that close together.
“Stevie did like to be held down then, but I was always worried. Kinda glad this stuff is available now. Whoa…”
“Sometimes, we’re aren’t good at something. I will probably never understand poetry. Shame because my partner loves it. I want to celebrate his likes too but it doesn’t mean I have to be a poet.”
“Steeev.”
He’d lost a lot of weight being that potato for several weeks. He looked almost gaunt in the mirror, Tony had called him beautiful though, he felt a blush spread through his cheeks. It wasn’t the wind chapping them either. Apparently they were traveling back to get approval from Peggy to have a triad. Steve understood his friends were worried about him. Not that he said anything but he was actually relieved that they didn't let him go. He was only going to slow them down when he saw their plans, and he was able to advise them a bit.
“Tsum tsum?”
Steve nodded but felt much better.
The excavator was turning more red and Stephanie was still processing the boat BDSM comment. She wanted to talk to Tony, she would answer this even if it was kinda close to her hull.
“Jerk,”
“Shouldn’t sleeping beauty be asleep?”
“I’m a hobgoblin, and I smelt metal. I go by iron man.”
“I was trying to decompress, and not be so broody.”
“Wow, you really did fill me up.”
“Steve, I don’t know if you meant it but your tone towards Iron Man wasn’t good. His actions speak for themselves, but, when speaking to him or anyone else on the team like that, you can’t be surprised by their disregard of your orders.”
“B-but! I thought? The humans?”
Steve jerked the fabric was very smooth and there was a bit of a tickle to it.
“Oh, I’ll have to hear that story.”
“You had to,”
Steve almost stamped his foot, mouth full of fritter that he’d decided halfway through he really liked. He wanted to ask Tony to the festival. He waved his free hand and finished chewing.
“Oh a misunderstanding! Big Tony asked me to make some eggs for him so he can surprise his alpha.”
And, for the most part, it seemed everyone was happy he’d returned. But one person was conspicuously missing from the welcome party.
“You think so?”
Tony had been right about the chase. It turned out Bucky ended up at the tower in the end seeking maintenance on his arm and then a desire to be frozen again, after he apologized to Tony about his parents death.
Tony wiggled a bit and Bucky moved off, behind them and with a quick maneuver Rody was stacked on Bucky’s back, Rhodey grinned from his perch waving as Bucky strutted off to their nest in the kitchen.
“That didn’t work out so well, that's why I’m asking you.”
“Make me round Steve.”
"thanks I've always wanted a murderous potato"
“Thank you? What is it?”
“Hello Steve!”
The arm cuffs opened and Steve wrapped his arms around both of his lovers.
“Tsum,”
“Yeah I really do, I thought about making chocolate chip cookies but the chips are raisins.”
Well she had her list, safety for her team, herself, the other boats, then her cargo. Stephanie could do that this wasn’t her maiden voyage after all. She was nearly done with the shaft of the dick and decided to check on all her systems just in case. Waiting was the worst.
“I don’t need help with public speaking.” Steve smirked and then ducked as a couch cushion sailed past. Sam looked incensed at first but his face slowly morphed into a smile.
Tony was laying on the beach with an improvised butt-pug in his ass basking in the sunlight. Steve had fucked him thrice before needed to get some food for them both, he was ample in the middle. Made a promise not to remove the plug, but had managed to fix the suit somewhat while waiting. Jarvis was currently trying to reach out to shield, see if they could be located and rescued. Though Tony wasn’t sure if he wanted to leave.
Tony closed his eyes as Steve pressed the fig into his lips. He tolerated the kiss, feeling lingering heat in his cheeks as he accepted another salmon slice. They continued to feed each other and Steve was getting warm fuzzy feelings. His eyes drooped.
Bruce got off the couch, holding the bowl of popcorn he and Natasha disappeared. Clint made a noise.
“I like that idea, Later sex!”
Tony did stay under Bucky in their little pyramid though, his armor slowly retracted and he sighed into Rhodey’s side soaking up as much of the affection he could from the beta up top. Bucky’s presence was very soothing when he wanted to be. Tony also knew that they had a date later in the day and he wasn’t going to mess it up for his platypus, and Bucky. He’d already been calling them James squared in his head.
“Yes, you look really nice in those red things.”
Tony spoke in a slurred manner, his body drooped and the only thing keeping him up was Steve’s dick.
Steve stilled in his fight his momentum made him do another rotation in mid air but Tony didn’t seem to think this man was a threat.
Was Steve’s brilliant response.
He hadn’t meant to make a noise and suddenly the iron man was there fingers prodding him in the cage.
They’d still managed a few scenes, he folded the magazine again annoyed thinking about it just made him hard. Rubbing one out wasn’t as good as Peggy riding him. It was never as good, even when He and Buck did the hand jobs that were better but still not quite as good as Peggy pegging him. This thinking would get him nowhere he huffed testily and decided a nice cold shower would work, along with thinking up some new training exercises.
“Me too, come with me?
Okay so the dick turned into an ass and right when Stephanie was worried about what to do next, her lot was called and she headed up to the canal. It was very narrow for a girl her size, not as narrow as a dry dock but that was apples and oranges. Dry docks were important and had to be narrow. The canal could be deeper or wider, surely the 100k for each boat could be put back into it? She could feel the ground brush up against her hull in some spots. It was very uncomfortable.
He leaned down and touched the base of the dick Steve squirmed under his nub. Tail quivering.
“When you go from a thousand miles an hour to zero in point two-five seconds, it’s a little bit obvious.”
“Tony, hey tony sorry for getting you wet, it's me Steve.”
“That thing in the sack if for Rumlow?”
“I’ll do it, you’ll make him pay?”
“Hi, Tony.”
Sam grinned, patting Steve on the back.
“Hey maybe go over to the clearing and talk to Jarvis he’ll clean up your skin.”
“For you, anything.”
“So uh food?”
Tony frowned at Clint’s comment and he patted the Tsum’s backside reassuringly.
“Pretty sure Tony knows, he’s really smart.”
“We can do that on the beach, while you stroke my back and tell me i’m the prettiest Selkie.”
Bucky rubbed his eyes unsure, the potato held a resemblance to Steve. Deciding this was beyond his abilities, and that the potato was indeed breathing. He swaddled it up in Steve’s shirt. Peggy would have a better idea, hopefully.
Steve shifted, he was worried about Bucky, but if Peter was there. Well Peter had more floor experience than any of them, so Bucky was probably also safe.
Bucky waved his silver side at Steve disgruntled.
Tony was a bit miffed Rhodey had been playing with a new ferret, an all white one with blue eyes and he'd come back and with the trace scent of the other ferret. Rhodey seemed a bit smug about it too. Tony was the best therapy ferret!
“S’eve,”
Steve was surprised but at the same time not when he opened the room and his vision let him know something was moving on Tony’s bed. The lights flickered on and it was just a smack of Tsums, or a group Steve wasn’t certain of the correct word but it looked like Tony had added more friends to his tsum collection. They were mostly cap tsums with a few iron tsums and a single orange tsum that seemed to wink in and out. It looked remarkably like JARVIS’ mainframe.
“Food for the road, Edwin you owe me a kiss. He’s in his workshop gear.”
“Hey, uh what is your name? I’m Stephanie.”
“Ah, hey thanks for the boat, and all…”
“Tsum!”
Steve stilled as he watched Tony step forward, the crowd parted for him but merged together obscuring Steve from Rumlow. Tony winked at him, and turned to face Rumlow offering a sizable chunk of change as his wager.
Steve passed his classes with two As and a well-fought B. His final art project was basically a hot rod Iron Man, and his teacher had liked it so much she used it as her desktop background. Tony had liked it so much as well that he had it printed out on canvas and framed to hang in the workshop. His first choice was to display it in the gym, which Steve immediately shut down. That would have been embarrassing, mostly because Steve felt it wasn’t really finished but he didn’t have any more time to add all the things he initially wanted to.
“Make it vibrate? So I can fist Steve.”
Something cool and moist rubbed along Tony’s crease and then dipped in, Steve rubbed one of his cheeks and Tony focused on his breathing and eventually it slid deeper into his ass with hardly any resistance. It had been hard at first to allow for that his alpha instincts had reared up, but seeing Steve all flushed and focused down there, with his tongue poking out. Really gave Tony the fortification to push through.
Cap tsum was amazed at all the really thoughtful gifts iron tsum had bought, with human Tony’s money. Things that they had noticed about their human roommates. Like how thor was always in his boots, never took them off even to sleep. Iron tsum had commissioned a pair of big mukluks with woven knot work in traditional norse art work of Mjolnir, along with a bunch of equally absurd socks like sharks in space, cheese, and penguins in winter gear.
“Steve?”
“Bruce?”
“Tony, I love you!”
“Hey Tony, help me get these into the fridge?”
“Tony, Tony,”
At any one of these locations, Tony would enjoy a workout with limitless interesting options, flawless machinery, fresh air, and clean equipment. At any one of these locations, Tony would risk Steve finding out about his new proclivities, and Tony wasn’t ready for any sort of a reveal yet, not when he was still in the miserable shape he was in.
Bruce asked the floppy tsum in his arms, the tsum was unresponsive, but that was mostly due to being squeezed so much, seems to trigger a sort of feel good fugue. Bruce wondered if Tony knew he essentially gave the tsum an orgasm.
“Of course!”
“Yes yes of course! I would love to!”
“I know, but first my eggs. Have to keep them safe.”
“It was nothing,”
Steve’s eyes widened. He'd hear stories about the Fae that could work iron without hurting himself. He’d never realized it was an omega, though that was soured by the thought of those Fae wrought harpoons that the humans used.
Cap peered into the dimly lit box that was iron tsum’s workshop, no tsum there. Which was unusual as iron tsum spent most of his time in the workshop. When he wasn’t snuggling up to cap tsum. Or getting stuck in cables or tentacles which was something that happened quite frequently. Cap tsum blamed that on the human Tony influence.
His body shuddered and the tingles came back and Tony was laughing.
“That’s definitely not how that works.”
“Steve, can you relax?”
Tony knew Steve was trying so hard to role play but he was also trying to ask at the same time if this was okay.
The ears pricked up and Steve smothered a smile, surely they had heard him tromping through the forest?
“I’m good.”
Bucky came to visit him now and brought bits of food, news. Filling him in on someone named Nat that had made herself quite at home in Bucky and Sam’s partnership. Bucky let him out of the cage, carried him around in the sling, but always returned him. Despite Steve’s vehement protests.
Well except when Pepper was cleaning up what every Clint had gotten into, the potted plant in the bathroom was changed out to a vase of marble flats. The one pink phone charger was chewed up, the occasional cup that Clint would get stuck in after shoving his face in. Pepper was perplexed why he kept doing it.
It was worth it hearing Tony complain that he didn’t need an English tutor, but failing to remember what an oxford comma was and just comma splices everywhere, he retorted, “This is why I have JARVIS.” Incidentally Tony was equally put out that the English tutor was also buff, and gave him a work out on the courts, as well. Sometimes when Steve finished early he would come and watch Tony run around. More like ogling but it was fine Victor never said anything.
“Okay.”
“Can you swim into that crack there to the bottom and see if you see anything that looks like a dead sea cucumber or any evidence of a sea cucumber? I lost my friend down there and I can’t fit.”
“You feel so good Alpha, my ovipositor has knotted. I guess I’ll have to lay all my eggs in you.”
Though when Steve asked he was rebuked, and Tony was being very defensive about his new morning habits. Steve realized that Tony was likely still cheating on him with that man from the conference, he’d been a European so the early morning disappearances would make sense with that time zone. Steve wanted to be happy that Tony was receiving mental stimulus as his foray into maths had been an eye opener. As much as he wanted to be the one that provided that stimulation it was apparent that he’d need several years of it before he could ever hope to converse at Tony’s level.
Tony patted the parts of Steve he could find with his nubs to reassure himself that Steve was fine. He ass was twitchy, and it felt cool and moist so he assumed that the pressure had budged the toy a bit.
The white fur curled up even tighter, and Tony slid down the bars and landed with a soft thump on the floor. He climbed up the other side, pressing his snout into the cage from the safe surface of the side table.
Tony would figure out a way to make any of his homes mer-tsum friendly, the Malibu one already had a bunch of water features he could probably connect them so Steve could get around, and there was the ocean right there too! All thought of re-engineering his house stopped when Steve pressed down.
The excavator unearthed some of Stephanie’s bulb. From what she could see of her draft lines, ment she was definitely run aground under too. It shouldn't be that exposed. The claw patted the metal bulb.
Though she had a duty now to deliver the important cargo, for Shield. First her job then maybe some fun? Actually she was having fun right now in the ocean drawing some illicit shapes in the water as she waited for her turn. Slightly dreading it as she’d overheard another boat talking about how the pilots in the canal were very misogynistic, and not great at their job.
Tony knew what he had to do and tucked his head under the mer-tsum’s belly and shouldered the limp body and he made his way back to the ocean. He placed the little mer-tsum in a nearby tide pool, propping the other tsum’s body against the soft algae covered rocks as he fetched some of the seaweed he knew could help with sunburns. Having treated his own burns with it. Thankfully Jarvis has helped him the first time.
Sometimes they tried to talk to him, ask him questions or share their own stories, and it was easy for Tony to forget himself, forget what act of betrayal had led him there. So he was quick to switch machines or leave yoga class when the conversations started to focus too much on him. As far as he could tell, no one else knew who he was, and he was determined to keep it that way.
“I’ve seen him hanging around with Sam a lot.” Rhodey didn’t interrupt, so Tony continued. “He’s been breaking our standing lunch dates, which, ok, I’ll admit, maybe it’s a little co-dependent to eat lunch with your boyfriend every day, but he’s not telling me why he’s just not showing up any more. He says he’ll be there, then doesn’t show, and when I ask him why, he just changes the subject.”
The tugs were interesting, Stephanie could hear the benny hill theme playing as they chugged around trying to figure out the best way to unstick the massively stuck Stephanie. She was certain that it was Capt. Peggy being amused by the whole thing. There were two rauchy tugs on her port side making all sorts of comments. One seemed in awe of how stuck she was and the other was just ribbing the other for not being able to move her.
He checked over the one with the missing leg, while the other ferret hissed threateningly at him baring the stubby canines. They were very thin and a bit cold. He closed the enclosure much to the hissing Ferret’s displeasure. Steve was apparently super protective of the armless ferret that went by Bucky. Apparently the missing arm only made him bounce more, thus Bucky.
“Yes, and then withhold the remedy for the rash for my coat.”
Steve rolled off Tony and the strange man swept out, closing the tent flap. Steve shivered, rubbing his arms and then Tony tossed the furs over him again. Tony settled back into the bed, and Steve was still touching himself making sure this wasn’t a fever dream he was back to normal again.
Steve was making gelatin eggs with all the focus that he didn’t hear Tony touch down in his armor. His little tongue was poking out as he frowned at the concoctions. Tapping the plastic mold forms and pouring a little bit more in each hole. Tony just watched Steve and he seemed to have everything handled. So Tony just flopped behind Steve with his flank against Steve as he worked.
“You can’t run to Timbuktu and back as a warm up! I had my warm up the second I had to step out of the temperature-controlled sports car. Rhodey, seriously, you can’t tell me there’s more!”
“Did you get that Tony?”
“I don’t know. One minute, he’s fine, meeting me for lunch nearly every day of the week, movie dates on the occasional free weekend, enthusiastic in bed-”
Steve tugged on his hair frustrated Natasha of course because she had a vested interest in Bucky, Clint followed Natasha, and Sam followed Steve.
Tony was looking at him now and Steve floundered for a moment,
He needed to be more like Steve before bucky and the accords came crashing down, and Steve wasn’t sure how he could do that. Before he found out that hydra had been living inside of shield, before he learned of the terrible things his brother had to endure at the hands of hydra? There was not going back but he could try to loosen up.
“Tsu.”
“Hey I’m Tony, heard about you from Bucky and Rhodey. We should have fun too!”
Bucky of course spun a wild tail about preventing fish from living in his butt, because he could bite them with his butt teeth. Steve was pretty sure Bucky was pulling his skin, why would fish want to live in a sea cucumber’s butt? Though the way Bucky went on about fish they sounded kind of silly and not super smart. Maybe fish thought living in a sea cucumber's butt was exciting? He couldn't really comprehend why a free roaming fish would want to be tethered to the ground stick in some butt, it didn't make much sense.
Bucky kind of puffed up.
Tony pushed from his mind thoughts of a life where he and Steve weren’t together, but it was becoming harder and harder to do the longer he kept up the charade. Steve couldn’t even be civil in front of the team anymore, and all of the tension between them felt insurmountable. It all seemed like Steve had moved on completely, and Tony hadn’t received the memo.
Peter rolled on by, tilting his body as a wave. He was a friendly pill, a bit too active. Luckily Peter also tilted himself at the smaller lozenge in the see through window of the bag.
Steve was wrapped like a child but Bucky could tell he loathed it. Fidgeting and the tone of his voice, Bucky had done his best at sewing up a sad looking white dress from their ruined tent. Steve accepted it, but it wasn’t the best. Bucky had forgotten arm holes at first. He’d attempted a diaper with thread like suspenders but Steve potato just didn’t have the shoulder for it.
Tony turned and Steve launched himself, Tony’s butt was also a full moon according to Clint. Maybe that would work. He bounced off of it, and Tony whirled around, eyes confused as they landed on Steve who had landed on his back legs wiggling.
“That we do, let's get this coat back.”
“Okay Steve, I’m going to take care of this and then it's my turn to get some food.”
He found Bruce in the communal room eating his traditional after battle meal of tea and roti with some sort of curry. It was the motions Bruce had confessed that just calmed him and the Hulk down not the taste. Tony squeezed the plush and came closer.
“Good that will make trig easy, there is some stuff you need to memorize and not question. Is like multiplying by zero is always zero but no question why is zero, is zero? Proofs will prove why triangle is triangle but no need to think past why it is triangle. That is another class.”
“Hawkeye is to blame, he doesn’t even understand us. He saw Steve give me the lecture on this Easter thing and the joy of it!”
Tony found the last part oddly specific but agreed. Steve nearly drug him out to the beach and seemed to calm down once in sight of the ocean. Steve twisted out of Tony’s grip and dove in, the waves shimmered in the dying sun. then a lovely whitish seal with little spots that were actually stars washed up.
“TSUM!”
“I am asking you to the festival.”
Steve tried to get to Tony but his legs were locked up with Bucky’s.
“Tony!”
“Thank you sir! Don’t you need help with your armor?”
“Of course, but I think Trigonometry describes me better than you.”
“So I delivered.”
“Steve? You’re the prettiest Selkie I’ve ever seen.”
“For me, as this? You're Not hooking up with me cause I have the right plumbing down below?”
Tony groaned and wiggled out of his armor, he was sore but alive. He looked around the island he was on, very small and the surrounding water seemed calm. He poked Jarvis a bit, still soggy. His under suit was also still moist, and parts of it were shredded, but it was mostly intact. He dragged his armor towards the tree line and flopped down in the shade. He had not been expecting such retaliation on the ship. If only he’d sunk it and flew home.
“Now, my lady, would be a waste.”
“Was that your mom Steve? Because she looked a lot like you.”
“Oh yes Steve you are! I can’t wait to make you round.”
The man waved his hands and golden spirals appeared and suddenly Steve was dropped.
His eyes landed on a figure sitting on a log, not quite what he’d imagined for a dryad, but the pointy ears that he could see had him internally sighing in relief. Steve wasn’t ready for a human right now.
The prosthetic slid in effortlessly and with a small beep started vibrating in a slow erratic pulse, Tony's face relaxed.
“Hello Potato, or Steve.”
Steve managed to wringe out two more orgams from Tony, which only made Tony distantly think they were a perfect match coming so much in just a day and a half. Steve also carefully placed Tony’s red panties back on, and brought over his undersuit. The mer-tsum had noticed that Tony was turning a different color and had worried about the tan. The under suit really didn’t fit with Tony’s inflated tummy so he wore it but with the zipper unzipped.
“His habits are changing, like, he’s carrying a backpack now, as if it’s the 90s? And, he’s going to bed earlier, he’s just so tired all the time. And, when I see him on his phone, or his computer, he gets a little shifty, like he’s hiding something, or someone.”
He was very much in love with Steve, the smaller mer-tsum had been quite the lover. The last coupling Tony had got to be on top and took his time teasing the other. Describing his butt as cock hungry had done it for Steve who was surprisingly weak to dirty talk. Tony wasn’t even sure if land-tsums and mer-tsums could have babies. He patted his belly he kinda wished they could?
The sun hadn’t even warmed the earth before Tony regretted his course of action. Rhodey’s guys were energetic, athletic, and encouraging in a sarcastic sort of way, which was just Tony’s style, but without the armor, Tony struggled to keep up, despite the men informing him every other second that they were “taking it easy.”
Steve frowned. “Tony, Victor is my math tutor.”
Tony did a little wiggle dance in the dirt it was rather endearing. Then she was back to packing down the disurbed dirt and back to digging a channel around Stephanie’s bow.
In fact Steve wasn’t even supposed to be on land, but the draw of a festival had been too great. Steve thought maybe he could get a mate at it, they could watch the fireworks, maybe ride one of those sluggishly slow boats the humans seemed so fond of. He really hoped he could find someone that wouldn’t lock away his coat. Though he figured he could just not tell them he’s a Selkie.
Steve was asking questions now, too, and with Tony’s even poorer sleep habits, it was nearly impossible not to be crabby and defensive when Steve asked where he went every morning. Tony sometimes shot back with an immature retort, a snide comment about how Steve’s schedule had changed too, and when the arguments grew from hot to fiery, they went their separate ways.
“Are you sure you want this Steve?”
“Do you want to touch me?”
“I’m Steve.”
“Hard not to you jerk!”
Tony actually laughed.
Steve rolled into Tony grinding himself down on Tony’s bubus end, his whole body tingled and shuddered as his vision hazed out. The face that Tony was making at him seared into his mind as the grey edges over took his vision. He could hear Tony call out his name and then settle up against him
“Hungry?”
“You should kiss me awake Steve. Right about now.”
“It's close Tony the moon is full that the bastard has his ball, he’s been drinking that mulled wine. The stars speak of it, all you need to do is lock up the kitchen and get him to give you some clothes.”
“Tsum-tsum.”
“Tsum tsum tsum, um tsu tsu.”
Steve paused yes he really did, but not for his first time. He chewed on his lip and raised his gaze to meet Tony’s.
“Big Tony told me about it, Steve has it all wrong.”
“He gets a little sleepy, energy’s low, and you’re making it into something it’s not.” “I think he’s cheating on me.”
Tony offered, in that small voice. The voice that made Steve hate Howard.
“Which way do you learn?”
Tony darted closer to Steve, he was a pretty fish, well not that Steve could judge fish fairly since he thought most of them were dumb.
“Bucky!”
“I was preparing to come save you.”
“Excuse me? Are these your flowers?”
“Tsum?”
“No, but I saw you just kick that jar under the table. It's obviously big dick energy to take down that terrible peanut butter jar.”
“Hey, are you okay?”
Steve looked over the fried thing. It smelt like food, like festival food where it was fatty and aromatic but what was it?
“Yes and no, I know you too well Tones this whole thing here?”
“Oh my, that man with all the hair is certainly strong, not as strong as my Rumlow though.”
Clint looked at the fat butt end of the cap tsum trying to burrow under Tony's butt. Tony huffed.
Bucky was laughing, he made a few jerky movements followed by his weight relaxing. Tony groaned.
Tony sputtered a “What?” and seemed to try to get help from Natasha, who regarded him blandly.
“Yes!”
“Where are you in understanding?” Victor asked immediately through a thick accent. “Not a lot,” Steve admitted. “I did take geometry, but that was a while ago.”
“No, I was mad at hydra, mad at a lot of things but not you. How could I?”
“Iron Man, fall back get Clint!” “I can take them out right now.”
Tony dropped the magazine and huffed and fidgeted with his arms a bit.
“Sir, safe travels.”
“Are you calling me dirty punk?”
“You heard my phone calls?” The modulated voice sounded scandalized, Steve rubbed at his chin trying to understand.
Steve flushed again ducking his head, trying to sort his thoughts. It would be easier if Rumlow was already out of the picture. Tony smiled and led Steve off to the side away from the crowds.
Steve still wasn’t sure if he liked it but he didn’t mind eating it if Tony was going to watch him. Felt nice to have the complete undivided attention of someone.
“Whatever you two fought over, make up. Or I will kick you both off this team.” Natasha spoke coldly and sounded annoyed at the two idiots fighting on her team causing her and Hawkeye to be caught unaware in the middle of such a dangerous battle.
“Why wouldn’t I? Your butt is beautiful, looks very roomy and safe.”
He told Rhodey through text later that night that he wouldn’t be going back the next morning to the draconian training session, nor any other day of his life. It was probably a miracle that his fingers still worked to send a text after flipping over dozens of tractor tires, as he was too tired to ask JARVIS to inform Rhodey of his decision.
“Oh good! I even put up that jar of peanut butter as a deterrent.”
A grand Idea at first, right now he was hopelessly lost and following ships because he found them interesting with their sputtering and juddering. Of course the strangely round pill shaped land tsums were fun to look at! They looked like sea cucumbers. They were so clumsy sometimes at night when the ships slowed down he’d climb up to peek through the railings and watch them wiggle and waddle. They reminded Steve of penguins trying to be elegant and failing at locomotion.
Steve desired to tell her to shut up, as Tony was his. He wiggled his fingers, nervous Rumlow had always been strong but Tony was an unknown.
Tony nodded, and set down his tools. Leaning back in his chair he looked almost happy.
“Makes sense,” Steve said, a bit surprised. It did in a sorta obtuse way. At least the photographic memory would help in this part. The differential equation was just them going over the terms and Victor explaining it with bizarre but helpful analogies. So far government cheese was his favorite one.
“I don’t even know your name, and why would you want to live in a butt?”
Steve rubbed his face into Tony’s side, pushing under and flipping him. Tony wiggled and flex trying to right himself.
“There is that good Steve?”
As wonderful as the conference had been, discussing groundbreaking theories, meeting the biggest minds on the planet, Tony was disappointed to not share the company of the one person whose thoughts he respected the most - Steve. And now, Steve hadn’t even been there to greet him upon his arrival, which, ok, Tony understood, everyone gets busy. But when Tony expected at least some sort of welcome home acknowledgement from his boyfriend, and got nothing, he knew something must be wrong.
Steve knelt down and his heart hurt, Tony was trying to hide the hurt behind humor. His voice was scratchy and Steve waffled on offering water unsure if it would make this worse.
It was the grey clad warrior that spoke, gesturing to one of the larger tents. Bucky looks back at the youth holding the bird cage at arm’s length.
“It's like that but only the most sensitive part.”
Tony watched the prepping, at his side was Rhodey and Bucky were also watching Cap tsum go to town with the Easter festivities. Rhodey shrugged and patted Tony on his armored flank offering condolences to losing the argument.
The fig was really good. The salty meat really helped accentuate the mild sweet flesh of the fig. He only ate half before he decided he’d give the other half to Tony. Tony had a sweet tooth, Steve had seen the man eat several pastries in one sitting, then go off and look for more. Steve liked meats and fatty foods simply because they hadn’t had much of those growing up. They also kept him full for longer too.
Steve crawled closer to the crack peering down hoping to catch a glimpse of the blue or maybe seeing something else but there was nothing but darkness. He curled in on himself what had he done that poor fish, it could only live well in a butt, and he’d sent it on a suicide mission.
Tony polished up one of the bronze fixtures in the hallway, ears pricked as he heard horses in the front. He wasn’t ready, he was supposed to get clothes handed to him as soon as possible to fully ruin the party without causing the most damage, mostly to the unaware party goers of the high tensions of the surrounding communities. He wring his hands and grabbed the fire poker to stir the fire.
The star had shed it's outside and an inner layer. Steve was starting to suspect it was just a land tsum and not an actual celestial being. That would have bothered Steve at first but, now well the land tsum was kinda cute, and the red smooth things. They felt nice against his nubs, he was just trying to see if this land tsum had a pearl fish. Had to make sure after all.
Tony huffed sensing that Clint wasn’t done but obliged to get the popcorn, and a short break would be good.
He shimmied in the shallows and slowly pulled off his under suit while swishing around in the shallow waters. So he’d been wearing his red lacy lingerie because there was no real reason. That made him feel pretty and they worked really well with the under suit, luckily he was alone. Or so he thought as he wiggled his hips and turned his face to the sea to see the wide blue eyes of another tsum.
“I’m very wet Tony.”
Tony listened and he heard something shuffling around but Steve didn’t respond. So Tony poked his head into Steve’s room to find his uniform on the floor, atypical for neat freak Steve, there on the bed. Tony eye’s caught movement, a captain America pill plushy. Tony knelt down and stared at it, was it a tsum or was it the plushie of a tsum.
Cap tsum inquired about his own gift, everything had been so thoughtful, naturally he was curious. Iron tsum remained mum.
The last part was said in a different candace, as if he wasn’t sure Steve was a potato.
“Sure.”
Steve ducked behind a car as one of the wrecking crew collided into it from a pot shot Iron Man had taken. Widow cursed on the coms. Steve pushed his way out of the crumpled car to rush off to her location. Clint was making a ruckus on the com as well, as his spot had been compromised.
Clint was leaning over cap tsum who scurried away, Clint had that look in his eye.
“You did kiss him on national television, Stark.” her words held no inflection, which was a bad sign, the cold words would have been preferred to the bland no inflection words.
“Be nice, Steve hasn’t come back so he’s probably lonely.”
Already hatching a plan to change back he just needed to get on Tony’s butt. Then he could proclaim his love, as a man. It made sense as a tsum. Everything would work out in his favor, Tony seemed pretty upset that he was missing and in a tsum’s mind that made sense because Tony liked Steve.
“Oh you want one?”
It was done, easily 3 tsums wide and too many tsums long, iron tsum had really enjoyed the ‘knitting’ and had insisted that they keep doing it till all the yarn was used up. So it wasn’t much of a scarf as it was more of a really long knitted thing. The artist in Cap tsum was dismayed this wasn’t what he’d envision. Iron tsum was surveying the long yarn mess with a face of satisfaction.
He grumbled to the armor as Jarvis rebooted. He needed to make the suit waterproof. The under suit was chafing his backside. With it still damp it was very hard to remove so Tony decided to head down to the water to get it off, and drape it on one of the flat rocks that dotted the beach.
“I’d like that very much.”
To think this all started with a bit of cloth, Tony smiled as Steve scooted into his space in the shared bed.
“Love you too.”
She winked at him and he carefully turned around to put the fire poker away without catching himself on fire this time.
“Yes, and safe from that beast.”
“Stop sighing punk!”
Bruce shook his head as he peeked into the room sure enough the lith cinnamon body of Tony was wrapped around Steve who looked very relaxed.
“There is an area where people show off their strength, maybe he’s there?”
The jar of miralax thankfully nudged Ty into the gel which really muffled his attempts at poetry. Which consisted of him reading from other labels and trying to rythme things to it. Not a lot of things worked well with ‘frequent stool’ and it really tested Stane’s patience. Reading other’s labels outloud was down right rude. Tony though had read all about the natural honey flavored lozenges, in an attempt to learn more about the tiny one.
Tony waved her claw in an excited manner, then she poured some water on Stephnie.
All Bucky and Sam knew was throught the trip Steve was wasting his time probably trying to tell them how stupid this endeavor was. Steve didn’t trust easily, and when Sam shrugged and Bucky frowned Steve had started to pout.
“What about the computer?” he asked, voice cracking around the question. Steve smiled, he could answer that no problem.
He greeted Tony as he returned to the tent, waving him over as he offered the rest of the fig to Tony. who accepted it gratefully. Then made a show of eating it, which had Steve blushing and ducking his head under the tent scrap.Why did he do that? The fig wasn’t that good, must he moan like that? Tony, Steve decided, was a very dirty man.
“Can you put me through boot camp?” It was the first thought that came to mind, something Rhodey knew about, that Tony could possibly use to relate to Steve.
They were conspiring against him! Steve arched back into Tony. In an attempt to escape Bucky’s mouth. It didn’t work; he was too well secured to the head board. He earned a slap to his thigh from Tony.
Steve lets his dick slap into Tony’s face. Tony chases for it with his mouth open but misses and it smacks him on the forehead. Tony chuckles and wiggles his best to get a tongue on Steve who is a bright red.
Unless of course there was a call to assemble. Which was how he missed one of his finals, but the school worked with him to reschedule because saying no you can’t retake the test because you were saving a school bus full of kids, just sounds bad. His team mates had even quizzed him during the battle, which cheered him up as this final was the ‘big one’.
Tony made haste towards the kitchen to bid goodbye to Jarvis and Ana, also to let them know not to leave the kitchen. The rag clenched in his fist as his thoughts were on the outside world he’d never really set foot off the property, it was exciting and a smidge scary.
“WAT,”
With that the teacher launched into proofs, and which ones went where and Steve took notes diligently but he wasn’t certain what they meant and now he was sorta regretting jumping into the higher level maths without taking a prerequisite like Sam had mentioned.
“Gift between friends, practical clothes. Pepper picked them out so you can’t decline.”
He really did luck out with his Iron tsum.
“Good to know he hasn’t changed much.”
Steve sputtered frowning at Tony’s smug face and he pushed back into Tony with more effort. If he was going to fuck life back into him, he’d better fuck the life out first. Tony’s mouth dropped into an O-shape and Steve kept at the faster pace thinking it was just like the races. This time Steve didn’t have to worry about losing though. He pumped into Tony watching the other bounce on his cock. Tony’s own dick bounced between them slapping against the skin.
“Er not on purpose I was under a contract. Hobgoblin rules, I don’t anymore. I want to make things like the carousel and steamboats. I uh apologize if anything I've made has hurt you and your family.”
Steve blushed and bent down to kiss Tony and Clint made a gagging noise, and Steve found he didn’t care that the prank war was over.
“Oh!”
Steve squinted at Tony as he climbed up the couch.
“I was making art for you, and I wanted it to be a surprise.” He ducked his head, bashfully understanding why Tony had been so annoying when Steve had been using the laptop. Seems they both had miscommunicated terribly, and somehow, landed on the same wrong conclusion. Sam was right, and Steve was sure he’d have to admit it before anyone else did.
Tony had gotten him shame full clothing, scanty bits of lace, with some sheer see through gauzy stuff that actually fit his potato body but it had been shameful. It was the stuff concubines would wear and he refused them. Tony had said they brought out his eyes, but then had followed up with wanting a concubine potato, instead of a prisoner of war potato. Steve had gotten so mad That he shook the cage on the chain once more, hissing and spitting at Tony.
Steve frowned at the guest of honor's speech, brows furrowed he was certain the other was speaking another language. Defeated by the speech Steve was ready to admit Tony may be cheating on him, and while upset. He realized Tony was a genius and maybe he needed more stimulation than what Steve could offer.
Steve admitted, face turning red behind his nubs.
“Is the sea nice this time of year?”
“It's a photoshop class, Steve. Both technology and science. It's right after the trig class too.” Sam pointed at the schedule Steve had drafted up.
He could feel the pressure on his inner sphincter ring, was this how Steve felt when he knotted him? It was borderline unpleasant, until Steve pushed the toy further in and it popped over the muscle lip and right into his prostate.
Steve lowered his eyes trying to understand. Tony thought they were done? And he was upset that Steve was hiding his computer from him? And those calls were to a gym? Nothing really made sense.
“Thank you Peter. You may go now. Tomorrow is a big day.”
“No fucking way.”
“Please, if you could fix my friend he’s been cursed by the red witch.”
Tony perked up peering through the glass to see Peter curled up happily in a soft carrying case. Gwen, the girl adopting him, was probably one of the fastest learners. Tony didn’t mind when she held him, and during play time out of their enclosure she was quick to block his escapes.
Steve nodded from his tank, having been going over the housing improvements with Tony. Eager to raise his pups with Tony, with Bucky helping they would be fine. He dipped under the water quietly waiting for his turn.
Steve was taken aback, but followed after them with a sedated pace. Hawkeye was nattering on about it, and Widow was not contributing much, until they got back on the quin jet, and Hawkeye rushed off to the cockpit probably sensing the cold atmosphere.
Tony was a can of worms, their relationship had taken a terrible beating, mostly from Steve’s lack of communication, and Tony’s ability to infer something from nothing. Also Steve really dropped the ball on the whole Bucky killed your parents, Tony had hidden himself in the lab shortly after viewing it with Steve.
Tony paused in his tail tip probing.
Then of course light cleaning, thankfully Obie still had the house staff, well most of it. Jarvis and Ana were still around, probably because Ana’s cooking was hard to replace and Obie was particularly fond of eating, and showing off rich platters of exotic food. Tony just wanted some greasy home cooking, Ana’s double fried fritters were amazing but those were considered plebeian.
Tony offered the coat up shyly, his face reddish as he helped Steve into the coat. Steve was ignoring his own blush as Tony fixed the coat.
“Aren’t you dating that buff Russian?!” Tony spat out, and Steve looked up, even more upset.
“I think I should retire,”
“If he cheated, which, we don’t know if he did, but if he did, maybe you shouldn’t put up with it.” “I’ve got to win him back.” He repeated firmly. “If he strayed, it’s my fault.”
“Is Steve still a brat?”
“Oh Obadiah, he’s so scruffy surely you have a handkerchief on you? I want to see his face.”
Tony turned as best he could to see Steve’s open and vulnerable face.
The young man pointed to a larger person in the back of the room, hunched over a tiny pink book.
Pulling the dingy back was harder than swimming with the star. The boat had considerable more drag, and he felt like no amount of his kicks were propelling him anywhere. He frowned had he been weaker than he originally thought?
Steve nodded and started searching for Rumlow. Tony tailed after them still holding hands and eventually after Steve spoke about Rumlow and how he was big and dumb Tony offered possible areas of the festival he’d seen that would interest the big self absorbed bully.
“Where?”
“Good, cause I was going to put them all in you anyways, fill you up, plug you up and then have you suck me off.”
“Yes!”
Steve had to peek from his nubs and he was glad he did, to see Tony turning around wiggling his hips as he removed the red shiny fabric bits. Steve could now confirm that there was no pearl fish in Tony's butt, and the way Tony kept looking at his dick probably meant something real good. This would be Steve’s first time,  he rolled on to his back his burned skin was tingly and numb from the seaweed paste Tony had applied.
“Yeah they said that's all you can say.”
“It's hard when he gets really riled up, but sounds like my feelings aren't as requited as I thought.”
Steve looked up to the plastic window to see the ranet and gold pill leaning forward in the casing, was Tony worried? Steve raised his larger wrapper arm and waved.
“Figure it out Steve,” Bruce whispered as he made haste to the Hulk room. The color on the back of his neck turned a deeper green as he retreated.
“I, that's hot. Ugh how much do you? Can you?”
“Tony, I don’t know about that. It just seems like a really weird reason to start seeing someone new - if that’s even what he’s doing,” Rhodey added quickly.
“If you want, though you are naked.”
There was a pillow fight, and Steve let Sam pummel him while laughing as Sam. Cried "I told you so!" and smacked him with the pillows.
Tony was half in Steve’s wrapper when he came too, Steve tugged it back on. Pulling it around Tony as best he could. He licked at Tony a bit and was rewarded with a grin.
“Steve, you attacked the warlord, everyone saw. Please Steve only for a few more days. It's a good farce, you’re safe and it follows their bylaws”
“You aren’t that old.”
“He’s really cool, Tones has this big dick energy about him. He is worried about Steve the other one. They came from a lab. You should have seen him with the shag carpet.”
“Thank you!”
“I… y-yes?”
“My hero! Defeating that jar with your big dick energy!”
“I’m Tony, I came with Pep and Carol. Been looking for my own cucumber though. As to why?”
There was a finger on Steve’s lips, Tony was shushing him.
Steve pulled back, blushing as Clint came in with a bowl of popcorn. Tony smirked at him and wiggled under the pillow fort.
However Sam did agree that Steve could take a day off from his work with the VA.
“So you’d be fine with me pegging you?”
Bucky was cackling as he settled back into the bag out of the way, the side of his wrapper bopped Steve in the head.
“I’m sure Steve will be back for you.”
“Aye, better yet use the grotto down the way the water won’t be an issue till tomorrow midday.”
“That looks really fun, we should go over the specs on your arm. I feel like I could add something to it.”
Stephanie was smitten, there was a very artistic way Tony was digging and the dirt was methodically put aside and flatten so she wasn’t burying herself. At one point she got in a fight with some wire or metal. Tugging it up to relieve the pressure on Stephanie’s bow, then patting the bulb with her claw.
“Sure!”
“Ah move out of the way big guy!”
There was that light dusting of the blush and Steve lifted something up the eggs. In a funnel and down they went.
Off on an adventure he had wanted and craved as a child.
“Sometimes I wish I had longer nubs for I could pet you when you do that.”
“Hey Steve? Are you okay?”
“Steve, maybe be more forceful in your hunt?”
He earned the name captain from the other sea cucumbers, initially they had called him chief but Steve hadn’t liked that nickname. He wasn’t as old as some of the others. Captain was better; it didn’t imply as much age and experience as the chief had. He was much bigger than most of the other sea cucumbers but he still felt small on the inside. It wasn’t until the same species of fish that had nicked Bucky off the ledge had come swimming by. To pick at the others that Steve realized how big he’d grown.
Steve smiled as he looked over an image of a lady with a crop towering over a man on the ground. The modern days he could look at this, Without much issue though the only one back then who held an issue with it was Buck and not that he didn’t find it hot either. He always expressed concern for Steve if he was caught with such incriminating stuff.
“So my honey lump, we’re finally together.”
“This is good, different.”
Bruce offered the soft plaint tsum back, it was very healthy so if Steve did have one he wasn’t too worried, though all evidence pointed to this being Steve so he wasn’t sure.
The top cover of their enclosure was removed and gentle hands came down to pick up a still sleepy Peter.
“You suck at it.”
“Trust me, I am! Tony’s the name.”
Though then those hydra water Tsums would probably salvage his tech off the ocean floor and he’d have to hunt them and destroy it yet again.
Tony winked at Steve, who felt even more flush if that was possible and then the top bit of the red fabric was shed, and wrapped around his cock.
Clint took the other bowl of popcorn and fled the room. Tony sighed as the tsum was humping him, it was a bit humiliating clearly the tsum was very lonely and did Steve do this with the little guy?
Jarvis had managed to reach Shield and there were sending a quinjet to pick him up. So everything was being stored in the boat, as they waited. Steve brought another crab or two and they ate in silence. Steve seemingly didn’t want to risk having more sex and having strangers seeing him and Tony conjoined.
“Tony, I came to talk.”
“Just swim into another cucumber’s butt and leave me alone!”
“My egg keeper, so round and full. Look what you’ve done to me.”
“Oof, Give me a warning Steve.”
“Really? But the festival?”
It was starting to come together, Tony’s worst fears, and if Rhodey wasn’t trying to dissuade him, it had to be true. In the past, Tony had been with people who weren’t faithful, and while it stung, he also knew to expect it. He tended to date those without any semblance of a moral compass, after all. But something like this coming from Steve, Tony couldn’t chalk it up to some dubious character flaw. This time, it had to be Tony’s fault. Something he did - or didn’t do.
“Actually this is good. Victor will be your tutor, he’s brilliant with both, he tutored me in trig last semester.”
“tSuM!”
“Whooa, Steve. I want to watch the fireworks with you.”
“No this is the worst prank! I’m going to get you for this.”
“It’s important to him. I know it is. If I can keep up with him, he’ll take me back. I know he will.” Rhodey seemed to concede, and shook his head as Tony let out a sigh of relief. He could do this. “Colonel Rhodes, get me to boot camp!”
Steve pushed forward and licked at Tony’s seam tasting the chemical combination that was called strawberry, it was surprisingly good. Tony squirmed under him, Steve felt like he had power and pushed Tony up against a shiny pink marble flat.
Tony wiggles into the sock face first, relishing in how the elastic puts just the right amount of pressure against his sides. He’s wiggling against Steve as he twists around. Steve is still vibrating but it is intermittent now. Tony sighs when he’s oriented Steve rubs his cheek against Tony’s.
“Tsum…”
Natasha, looking annoyed, jabbed Tony in the side with menacing force. For once though her ire was focused on Tony and not Steve. Steve might have laughed, if the situation wasn’t still so tense.
“I don’t think you guys can, but thanks.”
The mer-tsum tried to cover himself but flinched, the burned skin didn’t stretch. He instead hid his face with his nubs from Tony.
“No worries there Tony, it's the silver that should be locked away tonight.”
“Are you okay?”
“Hello Tony.”
Tony tweaked a bit and Steve’ unaware that his body was still so sensitive.
Back at the tower, Steve dragged his feet to the kitchen for the traditional debrief over communal food. Bruce edged past him looking green around the gills. It had been good that Hulk hadn’t been at the battle. Steve had been irrationally angry at Tony, and that sort of dynamic was never good with a rage monster in their midsts.
Tony managed to land a hard hit on Steve’s jaw, Steve pulled back releasing Tony who crumpled to the ground still fighting and his eyes were unfocused and manic. Oh gods what had Steve done! He wanted to get a towel but at the same time he couldn’t leave Tony like this on the floor. Not where anyone could walk in.
“AH!”
“What?”
Tony just wasn’t there though, so Steve shrugged, maybe Tony had something for SI today and had left already. He probably didn’t need to go back to the tower for lunch if Tony was already gone for work. Typically Pepper would try and get several days of work out of Tony in one day so Steve headed to school, feeling hopeful.
Tony’s hoarse voice as Steve lifted the other up in his arms to Tony’s rooms so he could dry the other off and grovel for his terrible prank.
He’d never dared to venture down the crack though and by the time he felt he was strong enough he was much too big to enter. So he moved back to the area that had more of that pristine white sand but was close to his and Bucky’s old pad in hopes that if Buck was still alive he’d come back there eventually.
Steve blushed hiding his face in Tony's chest.
It was pretty exciting here the mecca of seafaring travel. Stephanie enjoyed the sights; she was probably one of the biggest ships now. The superserum had done that of course but now she really was the big vessel in the bunch. She would rather sail around the cape of Africa, see the sights, experience the world. Now that she could, she sighed as the cheetah vessel passed her by at a respectful distance.
“Do the cookies, and then you can stop. We already have a Clint, the world doesn’t need another one.”
“Thank you,”
“I’m a pretty princess, kneel before me and sing me your praise.”
He backed up and his bum was pinched.
Tony gave a short nod, expression stormy. Steve folded his hands in his lap.
“Yeah he flirts like he breathes, mmm that would be nice. You don’t have to do this for me though Tony.”
“Steve, I’ve not been forthcoming. I asked because…”
Tony was the name of the warlord, he was smart in a crafty way. He liked to watch Steve, unfortunately. made it very hard for Steve to try and be nice, Tony would always know the way to cajole his temper out. So far his attempts to murder the warlord had failed he’d only managed to trip Tony when he’d gnawed through the rope that held his cage up. Then of course he weaponized the cage by rolling it, now it was held up with an iron chain.
Tony pranced in a circle his plan was fool proof the other ferret looked cold. Steve’s head perked up and he gave Tony a look.
“Is this a special coat?”
Everything was going splendidly, Tony would wake up and great Steve. They would talk and talk, from sunup, to sun down. Tony was happy but he yearned to touch Steve. He was envious of the ease in which Bucky could swat Steve. He wanted to cozy up in those twisted arms. Devel deep into Steve’s wrapper and enjoy the all natural flavored honey. He could show Steve everything but not from his individual packaging.
Clint was ignoring their sappy display, eyes intent on watching the owls, Which Steve didn’t mind. Technically overt displays of physical affection had been agreed to being done in their rooms. Steve often found himself testing this rule with his teammates, it was hard to keep away from Tony when he was being cute.
Tony groaned, Steve was saying such dirty things with such wholesome adoration. It went straight to his cock. He squirted out all over the beach, groaning because he could have cum into Steve but also as his fourth orgasm rocked into him.
“Of course!”
“Go away,”
So for the movie night he spent his time in Tony’s lap and then trying to get under Tony on the couch thinking that would be a nice place. Under the full moon and with Tony on top, it made natural sense to the tsum mind. Steve felt that everything was getting very simple but he could hardly argue the point because he WANTED it so much and Tony was very accommodating to him as a Tsum.
“Ah, they are Happy’s he made me a path…”
“I-uh”
“There’s a festival?”
He loved the Ctrl+z function of the art program, he used it for nearly everything. If he didn’t like one brush Ctrl+z and it vanished. Oh and layers! Gosh Steve felt rather bad he hadn’t tried this before. Even though anything he drew was shaky and not as controlled as traditional art he could see the appeal of digital art. He was also editing flames onto the ironman armor. His teacher had laughed at it, but she was very pleased with his work so far.
Well until he didn’t one of the pranks hit Tony instead, the old water bucket on top of the door. Tony was soaked, and looked to be having trouble breathing. Steve helped Tony off the floor worried that the bucket had concussed him, Tony fought back aggressively, while gasping and making some god awful wheezing noises.
Tony sat on the beach far enough to be away from the waves, but close enough that Steve didn’t have to do the worm for much longer. Tony thought the seal land movement was adorable, Steve pulled himself into Tony’s lap and flopped down with a sigh. Tony pet his back as the fireworks started, making good on Steve’s requests and telling how soft and smooth he was. Very pretty the prettiest, like spun silver and cold cast aluminum. The metal analogies got Steve to lift up his head and snort at him.
“I can show you how to escape and we can curl up in the cushions, it will be warmer!”
He leaned forward on the couch arm sniffing he could smell something but it was faint. So he decided closer and jumped at the cage, landing he climbed it till he reached the platform the other ferret was on. Shivering white lump, Tony nosed at it from the bars.
The whole thing made him sick. He’d traded quiet, restful moments in bed and exchanging moans with Steve for silent mornings alone, surrounded by the clanking sounds of metal and unsexy groans from strangers.
Bucky gave a whole cuke shrug.
“Stupid fool, endurance with his muscles? They’re just for show.”
“Oh you think so?”
“Of course, we arrange for him to have a good time out and he finds a way to bang a hammer. That's Tony.”
“It has been great, you’ve done a lot. You don’t have to attend every week, maybe instead twice a month. Maybe take this art class here as well?”
“So Steve, I sprung out for you, could you uhh,”
Tony offered a small shrug, still not looking at Steve.
If it was best for everyone that they weren’t together, then maybe Tony would have to learn to let go, no matter how painful it would be.
“Yes, you did. I uh this will be my first time…”
Hawkeye, Falcon, and Bucky were navigating in a circle around a larger tugboat named Colonel, while chanting.
He hadn’t told anyone, and with both Thor and dr. Strange off world there wasn’t much he could do. Besides dealing with it, which he was lucky in that aspect all he had to do was ‘make love’ under a moon, which is why his closet had turned into a bit of a tsum nest, with a glow in the dark moon poster with stars because it looked real good as a tsum.
“A rag is but a cloth of a small coat, this breaks the spell.”
Bucky rubs his brown and gets up from kneeling as he watches Steve bite the boot multiple times. The boot’s owner is watching Steve, lifts his face plate and looks Bucky straight in the eye and says in perfect southern.
Peggy was certain it was Steve, and of course when Steve woke up confused and naked. He acted very Steve like, first being angry then his reaction to being naked in front of Peggy. Turning a bright shade of red and trying to hide behind Bucky’s arm. Steve was saying “tsum tsum” any time he talked.
Still, the secret was tough to keep from the familiar faces he saw each morning, and to keep from Pepper, who still asked occasionally about the renovation project she’d executed, and most of all, to keep from Steve.
Tony was limber and pretty, anyone that came to the rescue was inevitably drawn to his pen and coo over him and his luxurious cinnamon coat. Rhodey was a chocolate solid and would also get just as many coos but he didn’t get picked up as often. Which Tony was low key jealous over, he would honestly prefer not to be picked up but it was part of his job.
“OWL time. Prince charming can feed you princess, I’ve got birds to watch.”
They arrive at the clan quicker than expected, maybe even the northern blood preferred to be far from the mountains during the winter. There was a line of people, paying homage it seemed or air complaints. Bucky and Sam took up the end of it. Most of the people in the line didn’t look related; there were some wearing green robes that reminded Bucky of the healers and druids of the middle forest kingdoms, there was a child with red hair near the front pleading to be part of the clan, and clearly peasants with their drab brown cloths and gnarled faces.
Steve encountered Tony tucked in and covered under a half assed fortress of pillows. Tony looked to be sleeping but as Steve moved nearer.
Natasha was sitting quietly between them like some sort of referee; she said nothing and it spoke volumes. Her eyebrow would merely lift and that was all, it was terrible to be on the receiving end of it.
Rodey rolled his eyes, Hawkeye both human and tsum could be tied to a lot of accidents and mishaps. Too bad the avengers didn’t have any super sleuths. Besides Natasha who seemed to benefit most of the time from both Hawkeye’s meddling.
Tony managed and then finally doubled down on finger Stephanie’s bulb. It was almost like getting painted except she was certain Tony wouldn’t just tease her and leave her all hot and bothered like the painters had. The brushes just hadn’t quite done it for her.
Steve nodded patting Tony’s flank.
“Thanks, I should go lend a nub, maybe this will end quicker if I help.”
“Not a bad idea.”
Bucky rubbed his metal nub soothingly on Rhodey’s back. His alpha’s armor retracted and he was given a grateful look as they both focused on Tony.
“Tony?”
“We’re dating right?”
“Let me take care of that for you.”
Tony frowned at the retreating back of Steve, he’d seen the man take a hit meant for him and wanted to make sure the other was okay. Steve was so good, Tony wasn’t sure if he’d ever be able to reach Steve’s level. Tony had it bad for Steve, that much he knew. He had wanted to invite Steve out for a date, or something maybe just a meal since Steve burned through most of his calories in a fight, Tony wanted to provide feeling inadequate in every other way at least he could foot the bill.
Tony spoke one night with his back turned to Steve he was doing something. Steve wasn’t sure what but at the same time didn’t want to know. Tony was nearly naked and he was using oils, and it didn’t take a wild imagination to figure out what he was doing.
“Steve come on, they want to pile up,”
Okay so like this?
“I want to learn science and technology.” Steve reiterated, but Sam shrugged.
He nodded and pulled away from the gate heading back inside, time to lock up the silver which was a normal thing Obie had him do during the parties. Couldn’t have the guests lifting any possible valuables that Obie hadn’t already done so.
“Tsu~”
Ah! He should probably stop thinking about the land tsum curvaceous back side, he was now making even more drag. He cursed at his penis under the water out of everything he had, skinny, sickly, small, and a monster cock. Bucky had always made light of it, saying Steve was a “grower” as if. Steve felt his body poured all of its resources into his penis and skimped on everything else.
Steve ducked and glanced at Tony to see him blushing almost as much as Steve was. He offered his hands to Bucky to help him secure the soft lambskin cuffs, reinforced of course.
“This is the best.”
“Did it hurt when your dummy thicc hull clapped against the canal.”
“Which way sticks with you more? Hearing, seeing, or doing?” “All, but probably doing?”
Steve crawled across the bed one cuff already on his leg, Tony seemed charitable tonight.
Steve apparently had been swimming in circles ‘looking for Bucky’, no tsum had dared mention that to Steve though. The second was Steve was now being pushed around by his friend in a tank on a dolly. Actually the second was Steve was preggy, he’d started showing signs of it within the week of acclimation. The mer-tsum had loudly declared that ‘Tony had made him round!’. Which turned out with clarification from Bucky had been one of Steve’s dreams in life to be a round fat mer-tsum.
“Tony, I don’t want this to end.”
Tony laughed softly as he got up offering a hand to Steve.
Steve was scandalized he didn’t want the fish in his butt what would Bucky say? Though he was curious, Happy and Rhodey didn’t seem to really notice their fish passengers.
“Tony I love you, if or when Bucky comes back I’ll let him know we’re exclusive.”
Steve was getting a bit agitated his coat was so close and he wanted it, while also asserting that Tony was his.
“Oh, my Rumlow looks so strong.”
“Ah Steve, I uh.”
“Bye, I'll miss you.”
Tony was propped up on one arm, held up his free hand and wobbled it a bit.
Steve nodded, and Tony smiled.
“It's pretty good, nothing like a real pile though.”
Tony shrugged.
“Well let's get this Rumlow guy.”
“Oh thats bucky, he’s like my brother.”
That was a close yes from Tony, Steve sagged in relife.
Pepper would get that look on her face every time he mentioned Obie laying a hand on him. Or leering at him across the hall, the temperature would rise any time she got that look and Tony often found himself in awe but also a bit of fear. Fire birds could royally mess up anybody man or Fae, he wasn’t sure how Happy managed.
He popped out of his package and shot off falling with the mathematical precision and knocking Steve back on the counter and himself. Safe away from the ledge. Steve wrapped his arm around Tony, as they cried in relife. Not noticing the ‘dressed for chaos’ cat lurking nearby. A white mitten reached out and batted the pill and lozenge across the smooth granite countertop.
“Two of them have tails.”
“Well he’s practically a god, born of science, not really your average Joe-”
“Tony..”
Steve popcorned around trying to hide his naked ass from Tony who was chortling behind his wrist. Dick still erect, and he winked at Steve.
“Hey!”
“You don’t, that's why you don’t enter into it, I am unwilling to enter another prank war. On your own.”
“Yes, mmm love you.”
His role was to just tick Obie off just enough to slip up and offer Tony some clothes and release him from the contract. Thus releasing the house from the spells that had been crafted by his mother, and let the rest of the Fae in to seek retribution. He was doing a pretty good job of it just being himself, also Obie had a big issue with him being an unclaimed omega. Creeping in on Tony during his few and infrequent baths.
“Are you sure?”
So it was a secret but it wasn’t a terrible one, well not as terrible as why the ironman plushie reeked of mint. It just made life a bit hard, things had to be planned around the new moon. At least he didn’t have to to worry about the connotations of the full moon, how was he to say he was a weretsum? That notion alone would probably kill Clint.
“Tsum!”
“Ts~”
The mer-tsum sounded defeated.
“Explain.” Rhodey prompted, and for the first time, Tony’s stomach sank. In all honesty, Tony was just throwing proverbial darts at the wall, and trying to be as dramatic about it as possible to justify the ominous feeling he had. But, if Rhodey was willing to hear him out, maybe there was some merit to this fear after all.
“They made it so he’d have to come back due to the pain, the original is a disasterpiece.”
“I still want this, if you are willing. Where is this coming from? Tony?”
Eventually Steve shook off his post orgasm hase and tugged the cuddle sock over them as they nested against Tony’s expanded tummy. Occasionally kneading his nubs on Tony’s belly, and there would be a rush of wet between Tony’s legs and Steve would chuckle.
Steve launched himself at the intruder, mouth open to bite the exposed flesh. Only for him to hover in mid air caught in a spell. He hissed at the man as he wiggled in the spell's hold.
The plug was pulled free and tony felt his muscles flutter with the loss of the heavy plug. Steve slowly sheathed himself into Tony. He sighed relaxed as Steve’s dick pressed up against his pleasure spot.
“Yes, holding.”
“Oh I’m Tony, heh it's my first time out here so Hap made me a path.”
“Sounds like a good place to look,”
“Alright, spare me the gory details,” Rhodey groaned.
Steve ducked as he felt a blush coming on. Tony was a smooth talker and he was already deeply in love with the garnet and gold pill.
Tony munched on the fish happily, letting Steve what he’d done. Wiggling his bum as he cleaned up the food remains and then he was being dragged back by his hips and his lacy things being pulled off. Steve was licking his ass, nub tugging at the plug. Tony pushed back, into Steve’s face letting that tongue lick up his musk and Steve’s cum.
Luckily there was plenty of fresh seaweed, and a few crabs which Steve made short work off over a tiny fire. He was hungry and weaving took concentration. Picking out the tender bits of crab meat while making sure the weed was woven carefully and with a bit of heat it would shrink and stay in that pattern. He wasn’t sure how long it would take him to find Rumlow so he wanted something that would last a few days so he didn’t have to worry about it falling apart on him. Rumlow would probably lose steam within the first day as long as Steve didn’t fall into his taunts.
The paparazzi had many other images of Tony kissing in greeting to many other bright minds, but there were so many pictures of Tony with this man. One shocking picture even suggested Tony was cheating on Steve, which couldn’t be true and yet from the clips and images captured, Tony seemed to be in a rare mood. There was an image of Tony escorting the man down some stairs, surely this man could walk without using Tony as a cane?
“They have plenty of food, you won’t be eating that thin broth we make. Please Stevie just for the winter.”
So, it was more than easy for the loneliness and resentment to build. His determination to fix this didn’t waver, but the building effects of Steve’s betrayal couldn’t be ignored.
Using his shield he chucked it at the wrecker, buying Hawkeye some time to duck down on the fire escape, and get out of the ‘demolition zone.’ Iron Man was still flying around, firing repulsars, and sure, he did have the Wrecking Crew on the run. But at a substantial loss to their own team, Widow was doing her best to hide a limp, and Hawkeye was covered in dust and probably scratches based on the blood dripping from his hair. Steve had some shrapnel from the car in his body; he could feel it as he stood up looking over the damage done to the bank’s façade and surrounding neighborhood.
Steve just looked confused but he managed to get onto the couch easily enough.
Steve was going to object that he wasn’t trying to become an engineer, but Victor’s statement struck a chord, maybe he was going about this the wrong way? Could it be that Sam had been right?
Bucky patted Steve’s cheek.
“Steve’s going to be pretty immobile, You could always rim me?”
Steve righted himself from falling over the nest rim, the ears bobbled and bounced.Steve righted the basket and wiggled his bum as he bounced over to Tony. Tony was staring at the little cotton ball fluff on the top of Steve’s butt.
There was a really nice silky blanket with pouches and pockets for Falcon, it could be packed up into a tsum sized bag. Which was pretty impressive, Iron tsum had mentioned it was a travel blanket since Falcon often did solo travels. Also a huge tin of hot cocoa from Falcon’s mom complete with little tsum shaped mallows, they’d been over there recently on an errand for Sam. Cap was incredibly proud of his clever mate for that.
“Face me? Tony?”
Tony got up and sure enough the tsum watched Tony’s behind the whole time till Tony was no longer visible. Natasha merely smiled and Bruce snorted at the cap tsum watching tony’s backside.
“Oh year it was not fun, had hull burns, and sand nearly everywhere.”
“Hey Steve, so Bucky there wasn’t anything between you two?”
“Move over, heat hog.”
"I didn't agree to this sandwich, How will I clean up Steeeve?"
Tony could think of two creatures that had reactions to silver and he wasn’t sure which ones were coming and well he didn’t want to know. His mother apparently had been a huge mover and shaker of the fae and supernatural community for a long time. Probably why her union with a human was tolerated.
“Yeah, I was worried. Is he the biggest lozenge?”
Tony looked at Steve who was avoiding eye contact.
“I trust you.”
Rumlow had taken his coat again, Rumlow was the worst. Steve was very clever and apparently that bothered Rumlow. Steve would bring home pretty shells and juicy bits from both the shore and sea for his mom, and his friends. After Bucky lost his flipper in a boating accident he was always getting little bits for him and Natasha.
He found Steve’s white shirt, the one with the little blue stars in the cuffs and collars. Steve had been wearing it this morning, during breakfast. He’d come up with a wicked pincer maneuver and had been dressed his best for Peggy. There was a hole through the center but no blood. Bucky folded it over his arm as he continued to search.
Steve wastes no time, his face in a scowl, brows furrowed as he launches himself out of Bucky’s hands, and garment. He puffed himself up in front of Bucky, arching his back while hissing like a cat. He issues and enraged
He crawled out of Steve’s sight and for a while Steve forgot about him, til Tony thrust into him to the hilt. Hands falling to Steve’s thighs eyes wide. Face flush and mouth open in quite little pants. He was quite adorable, Steve tried to move his hand to pat Tony but the jingle of the chains reminded him, he was trussed up.
“Can we just sleep?”
“I thought you liked my cock?”
Tony rumbled a bit more as they rubbed against each other.
“I’m not a fan of this part.”
“Of course.”
This change was brought on by Steve actually alerting Tony to someone trying to get into his tent. There had been an attempt at Tony’s life. Steve had been enraged that someone dared to try to take his kill that he worked up a huge fuss. Shaking the chain, the cage and rousing Tony from his slumber. Tony had been very grateful, to his warning potato. Of course the fondness Steve felt dispersed after Tony tried to make Steve a concubine, Shortly after the attempt on his life.
“Think about it please? I know I say that you’re my prisoner, but you aren’t…”
“You two aren’t getting it on anymore.”
“Tsu”
Nothing was different until it was, every new moon Steve would transform. Into a small pill, a tsum tsum. It was terrible mostly because moving around as a tsum presented a whole slew of problems. He understood why most of them seemed content to stay on the bed, or be carried everywhere. Bouncing was hard work.
Turning around in the tiny confines of the cabinet spilled the rest of that shelf out onto the counter. The throat lozenges scattered across the granite, and Clint went for one of the blogger ones batting it off the ledge and watching. Leaning over the ledge, tail flicking, like some savage beast.
“Steve?”
Steve faltered in his thrust, his voice was small.
He frowned at Sam but nodded. “I actually liked home economics, maybe I should add baking to my list of hobbies to try.”
“Well I tickled his butt, okay it was the only way to get him up here. Eating like a sea pig.”
“Ohh Steve!”
“I wanted to impress you so I took some math courses and none of it was in English so I needed a tutor. So, no, I couldn’t ask you...shh. Look, I love you loads but your explanations never make any sense. Victor and I have figured out the best way I learn, and as much as I love listening to you, I wouldn’t learn much besides how incompetent I am at understanding your world.”
Tony offered a small but genuine smile as he patted the bed beside him and the Tsums moved out of the way, still watching Steve though. Maybe the cold gaze had been more hopeful. He sat next to Tony and let the tsums cuddle up to him, Tony leaned on him.
He privately vowed that once this whole thing was behind him, he’d renovate the YMCA again. He’d do it right, and he’d maybe even let Steve help, too. Steve would love this place, he found himself musing more than once. It just needed a little care and attention, and the whole center transformed. The people, too, were great, and grateful. So many veterans frequented the gym, women and men who had little to nothing but this place, and it filled him with a misty sort of happiness to know he’d helped give something back to those who needed it. But Tony had to be subtle, couldn’t let on that he had anything to do with the changes and updates to the community gym, and had to maintain his undercover guise if he wanted his own transformation to remain under wraps. Still, he cherished every compliment and praise he overheard from the other patrons.
For as much as Tony loved Rhodey, nothing could compare to how much he loved Steve, or the relief he felt over just how much they both got wrong. It would probably make a great story feather down the line, but for now he was just elated that Steve was still his.
“Ah!~”
“Yep, so dirty.”
“I do have room for the Ferrets, so don’t worry about that, do you know anything about them?”
Bruce showed Tony how to cradle the floppy tsum in his arms.
“Don’t be silly! I’ve never seen a hobgoblin! You promised! How am I to enter this business contract if you don’t hold good to your words?”
So that was why he was in a bit of a hurry, full on running to his room before he transformed. The battle hadn’t run over but the debriefing certainly had. So doing his best to ignore the banter as he legged his way to his room, already feeling the tingles that happened at the beginning of his transformation. Tony was calling his name but he had to go.
“Tsum!”
“So much for your cyber arm huh, can’t even push a thick lady right!”
Steve flushed bright red unsure on how to bring it up, nor was he sure why it was upsetting Tony so much.
Steve reached for Tony with his nubs, the tight feeling and the heat that pooled in his belly was nearly overwhelming. Tony reached out and grabbed Steve with his nubs.
It took several trips to the fridge, but they got the molds into the fridge all neat. Clean up was quick as Steve liked to keep everything close, he was only really messy with pastels. Tony helped clean as well, mostly he just lifted the stuff back to their storage places. It was worth it seeing Steve beam at him.
“We don’t have to do IT.”
“Bruce they seem to be feral, will Tony be okay?”
“You better had the popcorn Clint, I don’t smell it.”
“I need to talk to him,”
Steve startled in surprise as Tony darted out of the crack and around to Steve’s back side. Though he didn’t dart into his butt thankfully. Steve looked back at the crack to see a massive grey sea cucumber squeeze out.
Steve wiggled trying to get out of the hold, ready to tug Tony into the ocean with him. The arms held fast,
“He asked that I didn’t tell you until later, This has been very hard for me. But it's fine now, he’s been broken free of Hydra. The reason I asked about you two is because he has mentioned you sometimes and he gets this face. I get the feeling he’s still in love with you. I’m selfish and I wonder what my role will be when he returns.”
He pushed down the memory of the Star’s strip dance, and tugged the boat towards the atoll. Hoping the star was still there. He managed to get the boat up on the land as far from the tidal zone as he could. However Steve just collapsed in the shade of the boat, the waves and ocean looking far away at the moment and he just wanted to take a nap.
Bruce carefully pulled the tsum out of Tony’s grip.
Clint made a loud gagging noise as he dramatically wretched over the sink. He looked at the cookie he’d swiped from the platter.
“I’m Tony! Iron claw.”
“Tony…”
“I haven’t been this tired before sunrise since I was living in West Hollywood. Thanks for the work out, I guess I’ll see you next week.” He tried to leave when Rhodey started laughing, followed by the rest of the group.
“Ah Ana’s famous fritters, potato and cabbage.”
Tony turned to hug him rubbing his face in one of Steve’s pectorals.
“st-EVE”
Tony wiggled his feet out of the blanket and ‘kneaded’ them on Clint’s thigh.
“Yeah he’s over there, in yellow.”
“Oh you do? I bet it's my butt.”
Bruce offered to the tsum.
“I know but I figured it's not used to being this exposed. Want to give you some relief. From everything here.”
Steve relaxed some and tentatively opened his butt up for a small breath and then Tony slid right in with a few effective wiggles.
“How do you think I got here?”
“Fine, tell me about aunt peggy.”
There were still occasional bystanders watching from the windows, but with the sound proofing, Steve’s dirty little math secret was safe. It didn’t matter though, since differential equations was still handing him his ass every class. He liked to think he was doing better and his grades did seem to reflect that but truthfully, he was mediocre at best in that class. It did aggravate him but Victor had shrugged at Steve’s persistence to master it.
The pill bounced in the package then he heard a tiny
Steve smiled into Tony’s ribs, and the hands resumed the petting.
The comandos agreed that no one here could do anything for Steve, and they would carry out the pincer maneuver, in honor of Steve. Peggy suggested that Bucky along with Sam would take Steve to the far north where the Iron clad clan was. For they had a mage, and there were tales of them helping outsiders, it would do no harm to ask. Bucky was given spiced mead to take as a gift, as well as a few trinkets and herbs that couldn’t survive in the northern climate.
“Yeah?”
Tony’s armor retracted, and once free from the encasement, he looked furiously at Steve. “Well what about your computer? Every time I ask you about it you close it or lift it above my head!”
“Well there was a reason she was called Peggy.”
Clint cooed and dimmed the light,
Tony jumped back, the other tsum edged closer but seemed to be having trouble in the shallows. Tony looked down to see a blue grey fluke with white flecks. A Mer-Tsum! Vague memories of a tsum dragging him in the ocean, this one had rescued him.
Tony repressed a shiver. He could feel that cute pill’s eyes on him. He would be strong in the face of Ty’s attempts to sway Tony, not like Tony could go anywhere, anyways but being a shelf lower than Ty really helped. Right now he could still hear him but eventually the mutterings from below. The health shelf would drown Ty out, thankfully. Middle shelf next to the cute rucked up lozenge was the best spot in the cabinet.
The vampire spook again as he tilted his head towards the scene where Rumlow was back peddling on the coat, while also implying that Tony cheated. The onlooking crowd was a mix of human and Fae so Rumlow tried to incriminate Tony he would also be outing himself so he was keeping rather quiet on that front. The vampire whispered something not so quietly to his companion and soon the rest of the crowd was shouting variants of ‘give him the coat’.
“Yeah, later though. I got Tony’s ass to eat, looking forward to it.”
Pepper’s medicine cabinet was well stocked, and organized. It was cleaned once a month, and she typically put everything back in the same order. The order didn’t really have a logical sense at first glance. However if you were Pepper’s height it would make more sense the supplements, vitamins, and probiotics were on the bottom shelf. Easy to see simply look down a bit and peruse the various multivitamins.
He opened his mouth and Steve obliged. Still red from his ears to his tummy, adorable. Tony rolled a bit to his side and gasped around the dick as the eggs shifted on it felt so good. His belly gurgles from the shift and Steve moans under Tony’s lips. As he pants and sucks at the dick, no need to articulate how he feels and yet his brain is trying to, and his tongue is whilst wrapped around Steve’s dick.
Tony’s deft little claw though, a whole nother beast. The little grooves in the bucket as they pressed up against the metal. Gliding along the side, Tony was touching her just right and still making it look like she was digging! The bucket pushed up against the bulbous bow, Tony made a noise at the effort of the push and she appreciated it. Truly felt very good as the excavator moved around to get the other side a similar treatment.
Bucky elbows Steve,
Pepper interjected.
“More eggs, make me full. Anything!”
Steve wanted it to matter, he wanted to provide Bucky that safe haven in the tower, only for Bucky to slip away again, was this how Buck felt when Steve would slip away? To get into another fight? The anxiety and worry about what if?
“Tsum tsum tsum tsum.”
“I suppose this my dear is where we influence the crowd?”
“Tsum.”
“Such a brat.”
“Tsum!”
Steve slurred as he came, getting bits of his spunk on Tony’s bear and feeling very satisfied about messing it up. Maybe he’d get to lick it off later, that would be nice. He rolled along to Tony’s shorter, more frantic thrusts as the man climaxed and fell on top of Steve. The chains jingled as Steve tried to hold his Tony.
“Fitness is so important to Steve,” he explained. “I just can’t keep up with him, not when training for Avengers stuff, or even just if he wants to go for a morning jog. So I gave up trying a while ago, and now, he never asks me to do that kind of stuff any more. He’s cheating on me with some buff guy who probably loves that kind of shit. It has to be that. ”
Running six miles on uneven gravel trails hardly seemed like taking it easy. Every time Tony tried to grumble a complaint, the group made him do ten sets of burpees - an exercise Tony was certain had been invented by the world’s leading sadist. By his second set, his hands were raw from the rocks and he couldn’t stop coughing from the dust covering his face.
The mer-tsum was waking up, herring the soft voice of the other grumble. The tail kicked some water at Tony and he pulled away blinking the saltwater out of his eyes.
He offered quietly, shaking from exhaustion, cold, and fear as a shadow came over his cage. A bit of the cloth was lifted and the scrap of tent fabric that he’d been wearing was passed through the bars. The cloth cover fell over the bars again. Steve pulled the scrap of cloth closer it still smelt of Bucky and salmon...Salmon?
“I’ll get you, one day.”
Steve leaned back that was spoken with such anathema, brows crinkling he was sure on where it had come from.
Which Rumlow had an issue with, because apparently he was aiming to steal Natasha away from Bucky? Steve frowned as he crouched over a tide pool, there was the purple urchin that Natasha loved, to eat but also fashion little darts out of to hunt and warn off other predators. Anyone could see that both Natasha and Bucky were in love and even if Bucky didn’t have a flipper that wasn’t going to change anything. Plus as much as Steve loved Natasha he didn’t love her in that way.
Bucky was grinning, Steve sputtered something in defense. Tony rolled his eyes.
He stirred when cool air brushed his side. Brows furrowing in his sleep why was he cold? Steve was not here? Eyes blinking open the nest was empty and the snuggle sock sagged loosely around him. Tony tumped his nub into the linens of the nest frustrated.
“I’m probably overthinking it.”
He offered muzzily riding out the buzz of endorphins from Tony’s wiggles. Eventually he managed to set back on his trek to the cleaner crab Jarvis so he could watch the crustacean dig all sorts of things out of Bucky’s skin.
“So he saw Steve giving an impassioned speech on hiding eggs and he just assumed he was chastising you?”
Iron tsum nudged cap with some yarn in his mouth. Weaving around Cap tsum, maybe this would end up with Iron tsum caught in the yarn. It was starting to seem like a bad idea. Iron tsum pushed him again.
“I should have included you, I didn’t realize half the team followed me.”
“Tsum!”
That's when Steve noticed the amount of scarring on the underside of the fish as it floated over him, looking quite contrite. Obviously the pearl fish didn’t think it was asking for much. Just asking for all of Steve’s dignity on a plate. Steve scrunched himself up, darting a look at the crack, maybe…
“Mind Carol? Pft, no she’s amazing, so is Pepper it's always nice to have an extra set of eyes.”
That devolved into a theoretical argument that if a tsum gave lots of birth and the little beans  sucked lots at the udders they would stretch and be just as long as the glove fingers, and twice as tender. Cap’s rebuttal was tsum’s didn’t even have nipples, much less udders, and who wouldn’t want to have so many beans. Iron tsum’s rebuttal won the too many bean argument, with the if they were spider beans less is fine, which Cap would have to agree to full stop.
Tony’s rubbing started out with purpose but Steve rolled back into Tony and all of his control went to the wind as he rubbed himself raw against Steve’s sticky blue side. Steve was moaning softly as he felt himself melting inside his wrapper and joining in Tony’s gel coat. Smearing themselves around on each other a mark of ownership. Just thinking about his blue getting on Tony’s garnet and gold shell, pushed him closer to the edge.
It was easier to swim under the water but less efficient since he was dragging the star, but if he stopped moving the star would sink and die. Steve wouldn’t let that happen, he rolled the Star up on the beach as far as he could that didn’t beach himself. Wiggling back into the ocean he decided to get some food and the return to see if the star could fly again, maybe even offer some of the food to the star.
“Tsum!”
The new ferrets were checked out by the vet and true to Pepper’s word Natasha brought them by. Housed together they were a prickly pair of ferrets, Bruce realized that he may have to rearrange the housing area so they could be together while in view of Tony and Rhodey. They were up on the shots and he got notification that they have been neutered and their anal glands had long ago been removed.
Tony folded his arms. It was pretty intimidating except Steve was struck with how much he wanted to kiss Tony, which didn’t help.
“Mine too Pepper.”
“Now I am, don’t scare me like that. Heading to an early grave with two super soldiers.” Tony muttered the last part as he finished strapping on the harness.
The fish swam so close to Steve that he could feel the water displacement.
Tony hastily tacked on the end part, when he saw Steve’s grin fall.
“Alright.”
Bruce hung up, and carefully finished his list. First he needs to clean the enclosure, and set up the temporary cages. Also the puzzle floor of the cage should be opened Tony, was always eager to go through the new puzzle and destroy it. Rhodey would follow. Then he could clean up the rest of the cage while they were down there.
“Bruce, he’s with Steve on your couch.”
“No, we were together in the loosest sense it was a crime back then. We really couldn’t be out. Buck liked both men and women, so I insisted that he go out with dames. He tried his best to get me on the dates too, but I think the ladies knew. I was very awkward with them. Well until Peggy, but I think we can both agree she was in a whole class of her own.”
Tony sputtered around a bite of the crab, Steve smiled back, face all flushed. He looked a bit ethereal with the oceans waves lapping at his sides.
Steve wiggled even more and suddenly the thick form of a seal was gone and the cylinder was gangly arms and legs of Steve holding on tightly to Tony.
“Ah, don’t you want to see it disappear in my ass?”
”Y-you’d do that?”
“Really?”
“Yeah, he’s really good to me. He doesn’t embarrass me like you punk!”
“I was researching, and found it and it reminded me of Peggy. It's not what you think, please hear me out?”
“Bucky!”
“Okay! Okay, Owls are better with popcorn. Stop with the creepy feet.”
Rhodey sat silently, face solemn as the weight of Tony’s fear settled in.
“For you and Bruce,”
Steve stalled when his eyes landed on the holograms of an arm, was Tony? He walked over to Tony, careful not to crowd the other, as he looked over the project.
Tony wiggled his butt up against Steve’s cock, rubbing the crack against his head like a tease. Tony did a wiggle and lifted a leg and Steve’s dick slid in with ease. It was tight and warm, Steve bucked up and Tony wiggled down. Tony’s face was pink and his beans hung around his face, Steve curled up to kiss that face thinking the beard would be soft. It wasn’t as soft as the algae, but it did have a nice texture.
Tony rounded on Steve as he floated there for a bit waiting for Steve to catch up.
“Nah, I still have to check on my prisoner.”
How was his plan not working?
“My what?”
Bruce got a onesie, and then next to it was a huge onesie for hulk in a giraffe pattern, cap of course asked about that and Iron tsum had just said ‘trust me’. Which Cap tsum was fine with cause Iron tsum was much closer to the human counterparts of Bruce and Hulk. Minting up the hulk’s onesie would take a few days, they could probably play hide and seek in it.
Steve nodded his head agreeing with Mrs Marvel, as he’d always known Rumlow was more of a show off. It would make sense that his muscles were also that.
The fish darted away from Steve’s tightly clamped ass,
Steve nodded, some sort of land food. He knew what cabbage was only because Natasha would occasionally make some dishes with it in it. That and it was essentially as Bucky coined it ‘round seaweed’. Steve picked a bit of the golden crusts off and sampled it. Though with Tony watching him like that he couldn’t help but flush a bit.
To make matters worse the Dever behind her lost power and was drifting towards her. Aiming for her broadside, she did have a little panic attack there. Stephanie couldn’t do any fancy evasive maneuvers they do in those hollywood movies, mostly because cargo vessels just don’t turn fast or move fast, but right now she was pretty much stuck, also run aground, and she was really hoping the tug boats could do something but, she already knew it probably wouldn’t amount to anything.
“Really J?”
Pushing through, Steve entered the kitchen to see a very surly Iron Man, still in his suit and leaning against the counter. Natasha and Clint were nearby, but not close enough for an actual debrief. There was no food on the table which was fine, since Steve couldn’t eat with the tension in the room anyway. He let his shield-bearing arm fall, he hadn’t realized he’d brought it up subconsciously anticipating a fight. He couldn't fight Tony, he loved him so much that if he was happier with that other scientist maybe he could let Tony go? They could still be Avengers, he could still be near Tony. But before he could let him go, and before Steve could articulate anything Tony launched into a fight of his own.
He hadn’t been accustomed to the weary equipment anyway, or the confusingly pathetic excuse for aerobics classes, so really it was inevitable that he’d surreptitiously give it a makeover.
Up top were the very rarely used pills and gels, the voltaren gel barely squeezed next to the anti inflammatory suppositories, hich had been a gag gift that pepper had kept because she might need them. Though she’d never needed them just the thought of using in one made her current pain seem not that bad. There was always something better than those. Their expiration date was coming up so she was ready for that.
He tucked Tony into his chest more mindful of the tsums, as they were doing that humming thing and it was really relaxing. Also he didn’t want to accidentally squish any, lest they decided to do something terrible to him in his sleep. Tony sagged into Steve willingly as his eyes closed, Steve held him while the tsum hummed. This was better, he was still scolding himself but at least Tony had forgiven him.
Then charges the man on the throne, none of the attendants seem to mind this blatant attack on their leader. Steve bounces to the shiny red boot and attacks it with his mouth as if he can chew through iron.
“Yeah, I saw bucky fall.”
It was probably going to be coconuts and those little tubers that Tony had found. He could try fishing though he was certain that he wouldn’t catch anything without Jarvis’ help and his suit was pretty much immobile.
Tony showed Steve the refurbished YMCA which wasn’t too far from the college incidentally. Together, they played some tennis matches and Steve was grateful that Tony could actually keep up after he warmed up. Their lunch dates were rather sporadic still as Steve was at school, or doing his veteran work, but at least now no one thought a missed date meant infidelity.
He pulled the bundled fabric apart, and there was a slab of smoked salmon about half the size of his body. He stilled in his motions trying to listen for his captor, but the other must have gone to bed because there was only the sound of breathing and the fire. He swaddled himself in the cloth and ate the salmon quietly, he got about half way till he decided to save the rest for the morning.
“I can leave?”
“We should leave, the boys are safe. Come on Rhodey you promised me all the fried food.”
“Tsum tsum.”
Tony didn’t realize that other Selkies had waddled up on the beach and were watching the fireworks. Not till one flopped over near Steve’s face, that he realized he was surrounded by seals. One that was missing a flipper was letting Steve use it’s body as a pillow, and another with ret flecks resting at Tony’s back. The red flecked one was eating something out of the seaweed sack Steve had been carrying. Tony snickered and looked back down at Steve, the fireworks were not as amazing as the Selkie in his lap.
Tony was speechless and Stephanie felt triumphant, Tony didn’t seem like a vehicle that was easily rendered speechless.
When Steve tugged him to their nest under the couch he followed eagerly. Steve wiggled into the snuggling sock. Which human Tony had engineered to feel like a big sleeping pile. He smiled and then Steve did that think where he vibrates ever so faintly, Tony wiggles his hips in response giving off a throaty rumble as he stalks over to Steve. Who while still vibrating is flushing an adorable pink.
Sam snorted. “Three is good for now Steve, with what we do? I’m not sure you could save the world and take home economics as well.”
“It's hard for me to explain but I feel safe and happy, not sure what Happy or Rhodey feel, as I’ve never asked it's kind of personal.”
“There was a horse Bruce, I can count her ribs. An osprey with one wing… yeah we’re taking it to Sam. I’m just glad we got the tip off, now to get these animals what they deserve.”
But Tony couldn’t give up on what he’d started. Steve meant too much to him, and he couldn’t give up without a fight.
Ok, so, he’d failed - big time. A militaristic boot camp wasn’t something he could endure in order to bring him closer to Steve, and he was sure it had done more damage to his body than help to build his strength to keep up with Steve physically.
“Ah, feels good?”
“TSUM TSUM!”
Tony kicked his legs as he sat on the cot in the med-bay, a lot had happened after being rescued by Shield. First off Steve had recognized the man that had come to save them, Bucky apparently had once been a mer-tsum. He was no longer and had been searching for Steve ever since he’d come back to his own mind.
They used to have fun. Now what did they have?
“The other ferret is called Steve, and I know you Tones. Just be careful?”
“Oh!”
In Steve’s case a tank and being fed for the rest of his life sounded ideal. He was so very small for a southern right whale mer-tsum. He was still about the same size he was when he was prematurely weaned from his mother. He didn’t really have a pod, bucky had gone off long ago to do some fighting for the mer-war. He never returned, Steve really didn’t have anything else so when Bucky failed to return the first year, then the second, and finally the third Steve decided to go look for him.
“I’m so sorry, Tones.”
Steve smiled, sliding back into subspace as Tony rolled his hips and the dick vibrated at a more constant pulse. The fingers on Tony’s hips were not Steve’s but they held Tony like Steve would so he was happy they were there.
“Sounds good,”
Sleeping in turned out to be a good idea, Bucky came to visit them with Nat, who was seeking permission to travel with Sam and Bucky back to the howling commandos. Steve expressed his interest to go with them, Sma had brought up the pace they were traveling at. Bucky expressed his desire for Steve to stay.
Now Bucky was in fact alive but still deep in the hydra brainwashing, and while he’d chased his friends around the globe, perhaps Tony had been right about Bucky just not being ready for the reunion to happen. Steve closed the magazine the image had been an ad for something, probably shoes. He hated that it was essentially that song Clint would quote about ‘getting so far but in the end it didn't even matter’.
So it took Steve by surprise when Tony brought up Bucky.
Steve snorted, thinking about Victor. “Of course not Tony, I like you how you are.”
Mid level was the prescriptions, stronger doses, and of course throat lozenges. Two different brands, citrus punch and the normal honey flavored ones, she’d been using the citrus ones lately. As they had an expiration date, they also reminded her of summer. So the honey ones were pushed up against the garish red and yellow prescription pills that she got. The ones that taste of artificial strawberry, that require a full tummy of food and sometimes make her drowsy. They worked very well but the side effect was problematic. She had to plan when she could take that pill, and thus there were quite a few left.
Tony curiously looked out the window to try to catch a glimpse of which way Steve was headed, but only noticed that he had taken off in a run. It didn’t look to Tony as if Steve really was going to attend to something, but rather, it just looked like a man out for a jog, headed toward the community tennis courts.
“Hey Tony, would you like to finger me?”
“I saved your tiny ass and it was pretty nice down there lots of food. I thought you’d eventually come. But here you are sending me your butt fish.”
“Steve, you don’t have to go, could you stay? With me? I’ve grown attached to you.”
What was remarkable was the peasants left with furs, and goods while some like the red haired child waited off to the side. Steve was moving around again, alert, his blue eyes shined with determination as they drew closer to the makeshift throne. The man on the throne was decked out in fancy red and gold armor, his stature was shorter than his companion in the grey, but the armor made it hard to really tell. the man in a dark grey iron, held still and was impressive though he noticed the boots seemed to have a few inches on them; Bucky felt the grey one was far more intimidating than the one sitting. Steve only had eyes for the red one so he was probably wrong.
Steve watched as the Fae that smelt strongly of earth and something else seemed to drift off in thought.
“I’m fine Tony.”
“You feel amazing Steve.”
Bucky had agreed to be in the triad, there were a few ground rules they went over. Certain terms were not allowed in the bedroom or really ever. Steve understood why Tony liked it that way. He probably understood it better than most with his own transformation. Bucky didn’t seem to mind any of it, sending eyes to both Steve and Tony.
Rhodey was chatting over the puzzle thing as Tony wiggled his little mits into it and disable the latch so they could eat all the liver without solving it. Normally Rhodey would be against this. It was clear to Tony that Rhodey was enamoured with this other ferret. Big dick energy sounded fascinating.
“I’m a Selkie, Tony.”
A hand resumed massaging Steve’s scalp as he drifted, Tony didn’t speak up, and Steve was very hopeful that they could be a triad. If it didn’t work out though he was pretty sure he could live with just Tony. He flopped over on top of Tony rubbing his face into Tony’s chest
“Ah, I see you’d rather have punishment.”
Steve was bouncing himself on Tony’s dick it was smaller but Steve thought it was the perfect size. Tony was still in a fugue, so Steve had plugged him up and taken his turn on Tony’s still hard cock. He patted his concave tummy thinking about it being as filled and round as Tony’s made him very happy.
During the overhaul, Tony had to be careful to take the phone calls from Pepper about the project in private, which was particularly difficult since she called at all hours about it, and he grew worried that Steve might catch on to him sneaking off to take each call. Sometimes, in his haste to find somewhere quiet to talk, he’d run into another Avenger. He knew it only drew more attention to himself to immediately turn the other direction, or leave the room, but he couldn’t help it - for now, he had to keep the secret.
Tony slurred in his sleep.
“I want popcorn. As royalty you must get me popcorn!”
“Steve you can slap me with your dick anytime. Now please!”
Steve picked up his pace,
“It’s because I don’t work out with him anymore,” he quickly blurted. “What?” In his mind, it made sense. But apparently to Rhodey, it didn’t.
“That's enough, look you really are that perfect blue.”
Steve of course wanted to introduce Bucky to his new friends but Tony gracefully beat him to the punch.
There was going to be a next time Stephanie almost tooted her horn again, but managed to refrain.
“Imsosorrytony!”
“I guess Tony has been needling me about digital art. They say five classes is a normal load.”
Tony seemed surprised, something crinkled and Steve zeroed in on a paper bag.
Tony sighed as he pressed shifted in his casing, he had the perfect view of the honey lozenges, he had caught the feelings for the one that was smaller and the wrapper looked kittywampus, one side had more of the wrapper, the other side was short that it reminded Tony of a sausage ending. He found it endearing, and that lozenges was pretty much always facing him anyways. Tony flexed his capsule watching the lozenges blush the wrapper taking on a purplish color.
“I still will, why does Rhodey and Happy not mind so much?”
Steve was pleased that their morning routine resumed. Sleepy cuddly Tony was the best and now he could worship the gains Tony had made in the gym, to the point of turning Tony as red as a tomato, sputtering about ‘it not being enough.’ But despite Tony’s insecurity, it was more than enough for Steve. It moved Steve that Tony would wake up early and do one of the few things he hated, a physical work out. A physical work out with grammar, while Steve was working on his math. Then they would shower while mostly keeping their hands off each other, have lunch and then go their separate ways.
