“She just trips over her words when she’s excited. We’re trying to teach her to slow down and-,” Steve whispers back.
Steve jerks forward and picks up the pot. How did he miss that? “Let me get that ma’am. I’ll set it on counter.” He starts to turn away before jerking back. “Oh where are my manners? We haven’t properly met.” He moves the pot into one arm and holds out his hand. “I’m Captain Steve Rogers.” Mae takes his hand and gives it a small shake before he takes Ben’s hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. Ma’am, sir.”
The two assassins circle each other around the ring. In a flash, Natasha darts forward. Bucky reaches out only for her to drop down. She slides against the canvas and uses his leg to spin around and kick into the back of his opposite knee. As that leg buckled he rolled into it and away from her next punch. A flash of pain rips through his head and makes him cringe. He just barely has time to catch her next kick. He stands and pulls her towards him so he can lock her arms against her sides. The minute she crashes against his chest though, there’s another flash. The world around him changes to an old home with snow outside the window. He’s snapped back to reality when she slams the heel of her palm into his chin. He swipes out an arm to punch her side but she dances out of reach. He goes to grab at her again and another flash. It was the same home and there was a young redhead in front of him. He reached out to her only for her to slip out of his grasp and laugh. A punch to his solar plexus and he’s back in the ring. He’s able to block her next few hits. All of her punches and kicks are aimed at his right side. She always keeps out of reach of his metal arm. He catches a spinning kick and gets a flash of the red head doing a pirouette in a tiny living room. The furniture pushed out. This time her face is a little clearer. He can make out vague features and piercing dark eyes. He blinks to bring himself back to the present.
“But you had other friends. You’re a sociable fellow, I’m sure you had other friends you guys hung out with.”
“Not as good as you think Tony. You guys think that it’s like turning on a switch. I just go in and out of it but it’s a constant fight for me and you want to put that near a kid? Your kid?”
Bruce glances at Mari before leaning toward Steve and Tony. He whispers, “The stimulant works better the longer it has been in the system, given a chance to adjust. The more it settles the stronger the reaction from your body. With your medical history, you’re likely to die of a heart attack before exhaustion.”
Bruce looks down at the small child sitting on the counter again. While they had been talking Mari had twisted around to look at the data. She was leaning in towards the screen and looking at the schematics of the chip. “Huh?”
“That would have worked with an iron suit too,” Tony says as Steve climbs in behind him and pulls Tony to his chest.
They head toward the hall where their bedrooms are with Mari running ahead. She only makes it a few feet ahead of him before she trips over her own feet. Her cast makes a loud clack as it hits the floor and her glasses fly away. Tony rushes over and pulls her back to her feet. He kneels and runs his hands over her limbs and head. When he opens his mouth to ask if she is alright she is already pushing his hands away and scanning the ground for her glasses.
When Mari hears the elevator doors close she asks in a small voice, “Are they going to take me away?”
Steve kneels down and grabs Mari’s tender sides, causing her to let out a shrieking giggle. She scrambles out from underneath with a big grin. “Papa!”
“Better go Apple genius.” Steve takes the glasses and slips them over Tony’s nose. “We don’t want concerned parents calling the police about two strange men in hoodies and sunglasses watching the kids. Again.”
Just as Steve comes in, the elevator opens. Sam, Bruce, and Clint walk in with Nat leading. She heads straight for the dining table with some projector beads.
“It didn’t matter then. I wasn’t trying to keep a family. I was just talking to some stranger on a bench.”
Sam coughs and washes his food down with a swig of juice. His laughter dies down and he asks, “So, you said earlier you had something to say?”
“See? I would have forgotten that. You are not as bad at this whole parent thing as you think you are.”
“Created a loophole in case I needed to save my sorry ass. From, oh I don’t know, maybe a megalomaniac super villian looking to tie up loose ends or loses control of his little toys and has started armageddon. Or, here’s a wild one, maybe a violent Russian with anger management issues!” The tech waves his arms wildly at Natasha.
“Sure. I have all the spare time in the world,” says Natasha as she types something onto the table’s projected keyboard.
“This is not your locker, it’s my coffee table! Put those and the game where they belong. You have your own doodad in your own room. Mari, sweetie, can you not draw on the windows?” He marches back to the kitchen to spray the counter and scrubs at it with a rag.
Tony sighs. “I just shut Tower Jarvis down so I can weed out this virus. Once it’s gone I’ll reboot him and he’ll be back to normal. The tower is just in a sort of factory mode right now, while I work.”
Tony stays silent. When Steve leans down to try and catch his eye Tony stays focused on the papers in his hands. Steve watches him, trying to find an answer in his tense shoulders, or the deep frown etched in his face. Tony continues to avoid his eyes and Steve sighs. He runs his hand through his hair and scratches the back of his head. They both look towards the glass wall that looks out to the deck when they hear something tap against it. They look up in time to see an ice cube flying away from the glass in two parts. One half ends up landing in an empty cup Mari is holding, the other in one Sam is holding a foot away. Mari’s eyes widen at the trick shot and she bounces up and down.
Before he can stop her she rips the page out, crumples it into a ball and tosses it across the room. He watches it roll across the floor. When he turns back she’s curled in on herself and tugs at her hair. She mumbles something under her breath but Tony just can’t make it out.
Tony chuckles and runs a hand over the glowing reactor. “I take it that means I’m checked out to hop back in the suit?”
He chuckles. “You mean aside from a weapon? Aye. I believe you are referring to a certain prank of my brother’s, Loki, which went horribly awry and we learned of Balder’s weakness to mistletoe.”
Steve shakes his head and pulls Tony closer to his side. They sit in silence watching the children play for a few minutes. Then Steve glances at Tony out of the corner of his eye.
The man goes turns back to the screen and Mari watches him transfer the files. She looks between the man and the gun. He sees her stare and puts the gun back in his holster.
Tony runs his fingers through her hair and tries not to think about the fact that he used to say the same thing about his father.
“You mean aside from the fact that I just got schooled by a kindergartener? Yeah. Everything’s peachy. Oh, by the way, we need a new microwave and tv remote…”
“I’ll be fine.” He shakes off Thor and starts to walk towards Hawkeye’s location. “It’s just a flesh wound. Gather these bastards up. Falcon, Wasp, fly up and survey the area. I don’t want this party to pick back up. Thor are there…were…the building…” He loses his footing and falls forward.
Steve revs the engine on his hover bike and swings around a building. “Are you close enough for an ID?”
“Yes but if you were afraid of the dark would you risk venturing out into a dark hallway in a strange in place to people you barely know.”
“Ha. Jokes on her. I’m wearing the Lord of the Rings ones.” Clint pulls is waist band down enough for the cartoon face of Legolas to peek out. “I’ll take a rain check on that trip to the park. I’ll just have to pick up nannies another time.” He salutes them and moves to the elevator.
“You know those proposals I’ve been trying to get you to look at?” Pepper asks as she takes a folder out from her desk.
“It’s no problem ma’am.” Steve kneels down and ducks his head a little. “Hello Mari. It’s nice to see you again.”
“Okay, okay.” He lifts her off his shoulders and sets her on the ground. He wraps his hand around hers. “You gotta hold my hand though.”
They purchase a new wardrobe for Mari, the majority of which consisted of jeans and colorful long sleeved shirts. After stopping for lunch, the family embarked to a toy store and a book store. Tony and Steve were surprised to find amoung the children’s classics she picked out she had also found a few scientific journals she wanted. The new parents also found a few books to aid them in their training. Cook books. Once they arrive back at the tower they find places for Mari’s new belongings. When the sorting turns into a nerf battle Jarvis reminds them that the hour for dinner is approaching. They go to the kitchen and Steve puts the cook books labeled ‘Kidney Friendly’ and ‘Food for the Soul, Heart, and Kidney’ in front of Mari on the counter of the breakfast bar.
He lunges for the tech before he is jerked backwards by his collar. Cap lifts up so that Nefaria has to dance on the tips of his toes.
“I’m sure she will forgive me if I steal you away for a couple hours to get some important work done. Right Mari?”
“So is Calculus and I can do most of that in my head. Give me an equation to derive.” She opens the folder and finds pictures of a bald man with paper white skin and ice blue eyes along with some sort of bio.
Once Mari is finished Steve gathers the plates and Tony takes her to get ready. They pick out a comfy purple Tinkerbell sweatshirt with dark jeggings and Avengers socks to top it off. Tony moves her to the vanity and starts trying to tame the fuzz ball on her head while she watches a documentary on the Large Hadron Collider with a stuffed dragon on her lap.
“And a program on a flash drive she had hidden. But she only used parts. Quite brilliant actually. She used an infra-“
“You didn’t tell me they have a talking house!” She then turns back to the husbands. “I can’t believe you have an actual talking house! C-can I see his programming!?!?!”
Steve groans. “It’s been a while since I’ve done anything to you.” He lifts Tony’s leg and wraps it around his hip as he drapes himself over the smaller man. He presses desperate kisses to Tony’s mouth as he grinds and gyrates their hips together, smearing pre-cum along both their stomachs. The warm slide causes pleasure to shoot up and down their spines and their kissing soon turns to gasping.
“She sounds upset Ironman.” Tony turns and watches him back up down the stairs. “What you gonna do? Catch the bad guy or save the girl?” With that he turns and runs down the stairs.
“...thanks. I’ll keep that in mind.” He dabbs at a bloody tooth and freezes when it pops out. “That was already loose right?”
“…sounds like a delightful woman,” Callaghan says as she turns back up the stairs and Steve follows.
“No. That man hasn’t been around for a long time.” He puts the last crayon in the box and hands it back to her. When she takes it he stands and steps away. “Now go on. Get on back before he realizes you’re gone. And make sure he gets that folder.”
“Your child is a menace! Look what she did to my baby!” She jabs a finger towards the bully that is now leaking snot, tears, and blood.
Tony eyes follow the agent’s free hand as it drifts to his hip where he can see a holster. He looks to Mari’s trembling form and then looks back to the agent. Tony moves his hands behind his back and twists and presses in the face of his watch. The iron glove slides over his hand. “I think I do.”
Mari cries as she fumbles with the release. The minute it pops off it’s snatched from her and crushed under the man’s boot. Then she is being yanked to her feet and dragged out of the office.
Steve smiles before stepping forward to wrap his arms around Tony’s waist. “Yes. You no longer have a legitimate excuse to stay huddled up in your lab all hours of the night.” He lifts a hand up to card it through Tony’s hair. “The nanities are shut off and they should leave your system naturally but I was thinking maybe an impromptu dialysis session was in order?”
“Greetings my brothers in arms!” Thor comes around the corner dressed in a loose cotton tunic and blue board shorts. The smile on his face droops when he sees the two stiff men looking at him. “I fear I may have interrupted something.”
“…….thiiiiiiiiii-,” She slowly starts to raise her right hand. Tony subtly points to her other one and she puts that one up instead. “-iis one!
“Yeah. Good thing we’re famous, otherwise that could have ended much worse.” Tony returns the aviators and picks out a pair of glasses with thick blue frames and puts them on Steve’s face. “You should wear these. They bring out your eyes.”
Steve hung up the phone and ran back out of the jet and into the chaos. Tony and Mari were okay. It was time for Captain America to do his job. He shoots out of the jet and takes his shield from his back. He surveys the area and sees most of the commotion at the end of the compound. He rushes into the fray.
The man rears up and him and Tony roll down the stairs to the next landing. In the struggle the gun clatters to the ground and over the edge. When they roll to a stop, the man lands on top and Tony puts his arms up as the man hails punches at him. Tony jerks his knee up causing the man to lurch forward and Tony throws him the rest of the way off. As the man tumbles away Tony runs back up the stairs and pulls Mari up to her feet.
“Don’t worry we’ve got everything handled here. I mean really,” Peggy sets the tray down when Mari has her cookies and starts to add a bit of milk to her own tea. “We’re having tea not leaping out of a plane into enemy territory.” She takes a sip of her tea and stage whispers to Mari. “Don’t know where all this caution is coming from, he certainly didn’t have any during the war.”
Mari stands up on the couch. “No. It. Wasn’t. Why won’t you believe me!?! There is a literal Norse god that lives downstairs and Pops is a World War II vet that still has his own teeth! Why is a scary monster with sharp teeth so hard to believe!?!”
“And I broke my promise to Mari.” Steve lifts his head to look at him, trying to soften his gaze as much as he can and pulls Tony back into the dance. “I was being selfish. I’m sorry. So, so sorry. Can you forgive me?”
Nat ignores him and strolls up to the homeless man, pulling her leather jacket closer around her. She stops a few paces away and hunches in on herself. “Excuse me, my boyfriend works with one of the shipping companies here but I think I got a little turned around and well…can you point me in the direction of the incoming ships?”
“Not entirely sure. Oscorp is pretty good at not airing ALL it’s dirty laundry besides, the good doctor wasn’t on our radar until his profile disappeared from our database. Repeatedly.”
Steve puts a plate of eggs and bacon in front of Sam and Clint. While Clint stares at the contents Steve sets two plates in front of Tony and Mari and slides his own onto the counter so he can eat across from them, standing. He reaches across and ruffles Mari’s hair once she downs the last of her medication.
“Social worker.” Sam stands and waves him towards the hallway where the entrance to the stairwell is. “We should go.”
“You remember when we were first going out and you asked if there was a coffee too black for me and I said I hadn’t found one yet?” Tony takes a small sip trying to get at least a little of a caffeine hit from it as Steve nods in reply. Tony grimaces. “I think I found it.”
The jet gets up into the air and Wasp rejoins the fight. She flits across the field. Men fall and get throw into each other as she fires blast after blast.  Falcon swoops down and takes out another ten. Thor lands and swings his hammer into another agent.
“But you will because you’re Captain Fucking American.” The sound is halfway through its cycle when he snaps, “Jarvis mute.”
“I’ll be on your team,” Sam says as he tries to clean off a spot on the table big enough to continue his breakfast.
She starts going through the recent files and loads them onto the flash drive. “You’re hardly the only computer whiz on the planet. I know a five year old that could probably get past your security.”
Tony sighs and drags his hand down his face. “But, come on Steve! You’re Papa. She still calls me Tony.”
“Annoying when someone defies your carefully laid plans, isn’t it Mr. Stark?” Valencia says with a smirk.
Sam stands and grabs their plates. “For the record, just because my uniform has wings on it doesn’t mean I’m a bird enthusiast.”
Clint comes up to the counter beside Nat and slides another piece of cake onto his plate. Nat elbows him and holds out her hand. When he just stares at it she rubs her fingers together. His face drops into a frown and he jerks his wallet out of his back pocket. Steve watches with his mouth hanging open as Clint shoves a couple bills into her hand.
“We have some special guests coming today,” Tony says as he takes the eraser from Mari to get the higher up marks.
“Yes.” Steve comes over and helps her balance the plate, Bucky Bear, and a sippy cup. “And besides, if you have to buy them, kiddo, they’re not really your friends.”
Tony heaves a sigh and hugs her close, crushing her to his chest. “I’m not mad kiddo. It wasn’t your fault. Besides, I could never hate you.”
Meanwhile across town Tony pulls up to a small house in Queens. He looks out his windscreen and takes a deep breath. He taps at the steering wheel and lets his breath out in a long puff. With that he steps out and walks up onto the porch. He readjusts the blazer he is wearing before giving a light knock on the worn door with chipped paint. Nothing. He shakes out his limbs and knocks a little harder. This time he hears footsteps approach. In the narrow window next to the door he sees the curtain move. An elderly woman with white hair looks through. Her eyes widen almost comically before turning into a vicious glare. He straightens his blazer again as she opens the door.
Tony moves up and down the thick length in gradual quickening movements. Steve lays back and lets him take control but makes sure to grind against him every time their flesh slaps together. Soon Tony is hunched forward and moaning into his husband’s eager mouth, bouncing up and down. Bursts of color flash behind his eyelids every time Steve’s dick slams into his prostate. Steve wraps his arms around him to hold him close. Then Tony is groaning and jerking against him as hot cum spirts between them. As the inventor goes limp Steve rolls them and starts pistonning into the pliant body below him, watching Tony’s blissed out face for any discomfort. When Tony sneaks a hand around and pops a finger past Steve’s puckered hole, he starts a deep grind, pressing Tony into the mattress. As a shiver runs down his spine and settles at the base, Steve has just enough time to bury his face in the mattress beside Tony’s head to shout his release. He shivers and jerks as he comes down from his high.
Clint turns in time to have a pair of very smelly socks thrown in his face. He frowns and sets the game controller down so he can move them not so close to smelling range.
Bucky snorts. “…aw hell. Why not? For old time’s sake.” He takes Steve’s hand who pulls him in for a hug.
“Let’s get you down to the lab shall we?” He places the sheet of paper on the table and slides the metal pieces onto it before folding them up. He turns towards the stair way that leads down to his lab.
“You think we’d just be satisfied with visiting my dead nephew’s only child?” Ben asks leaning forward.
Tony sits with his cup of coffee and examines the bottles. “You’re awfully young to be on so many pills.”
He points down the hall and says in a harsh voice, “Now. Or you’ll be doing lines tomorrow about listening. Do you understand me?”
The other man tenses and the muscle in his jaw twitches. “Kraven is talented in many things, clandestine operations is not one of them.”
“You are too. I’ll check back in when I’m back up top. Out.” She sighs and turns back to the screen.
Steve shoots Tony one of his own disapproving looks. Did he really think Buck was a danger to any of them anymore? Especially Mari? He kisses both of Mari’s cheeks and hands her back to his husband. “I have to go now but I promise I’ll try and be back to read you a bed time story.” He steps away and his heart breaks when she spins and reaches out for him with tear filled eyes.
“Why don’t you show them your bathroom too so you can wash your hands before dinner,” Tony calls after her and tries to stifle a yawn. When Steve steps up next to him, Tony smirks at him. “So how does it feel to get a taste of your own medicine, ‘son’?”
“Screw that!” Tony swings up and presses his husband down into the mattress. He sticks two fingers in his mouth and coats them in saliva before pressing them at his hole.
“No, I get it man. I’ll get out of your hair. Good luck guys. Hey,” Clint shoots finger guns at Mari. “Stay cool pipsqueak.”
The street is dark and all the lights are off in the house at the end of the lane. All is silent. No crickets, no animals scurrying in the nearby nature preserve. Inside the home a little girl lays curled up in her bed clutching to her pillow. Her chest tightens and her face scrunches up at the uncomfortable thump of her heart against her ribcage. She buries herself further under the covers so only a tuff of wild brown hair can be seen.
“The schematics and research we pooled had a wide range,” says Bruce. “But most of it had to do with neurology, sleep, and dream studies.”
Tony couldn’t help laughing at that. He took Mari’s hand and led her back into the elevator. “Tell you what Kiddo, if you manage to hack Jarvis I’ll take you to Disneyland. Hell, if you want I’ll rent it out for the weekend.”
“Thor is buried under about a ton of rubble. The explosion caused the building to collapse. He’s not responding on comms but he’s still alive. I can hear him under all that,” Falcon says.
He grunts when a wild kick lands just left of his groin. “Okay, okay. Truce.” He pulls the edge of the cover up to wipe away the drool and rearranges them into a more comfortable position. She curls into him and rests her face against his arc reactor. He smiles and runs his hand through her hair. “I love you Kiddo. And so does Papa. He just gets tunnel vision sometimes. He’ll make it up to you tomorrow.”
The Count grabs the tech by the collar and pulls him to his feet. “And if she tells her parents what she saw?”
Steve crumples the note in his hand and tosses it in the drawer. “Maybe we have some olive oil in the kitchen. Or we can enjoy some old fashioned frottage.” Steve gives a slow roll of his hips.
“Bucky?” Steve lets go of the acceleration on his bike in shock. Why would Bucky be shooting at them?
The penthouse floor is filled with various Avengers and their family members. Every so often Tony would throw a party and open up the tower to extended members and those close to the team.  It was good for keeping connections and moral healthy. And a Stark never turned down an excuse for a good party. Even Mari had seemed to be having a good time. Earlier in the night Ben and Mae had stopped by which she was ecstatic about. Then he had seen her playing with a couple of the kids running around. That had been a while ago though. He was starting to get a little itchy about where she had disappeared off to.
“Well one of us is.” Tony slides onto a bar stool and perches Mari on his leg. He gives her a light bounce and winces at the ache his ribs give. “Hey. Up and at ‘em. If I have to be up so do you.”
“Bottoms up.” Tony winces as the first dose is injected into the flesh to the right of his reactor. He sits patiently as Dr. Wu injects the major muscle groups along his chest and diaphragm. When the doctor finishes and turns away Tony rubs at his chest, then takes a deep breath. He smiles when he can breathe easier. After having his chest cut open and having a hunk of metal shoved in, Tony seemed to carry a constant pressure. His muscles struggled against the new configuration they had to work in even after all these years. But since Dr. Wu had brought this new therapy to him, he’s been breathing easier and easier after each visit. Now if only he could get a goodnight’s sleep.
A HYDRA agent had a gun pointed at them and was grabbing at his pockets. He pulls out an extra gun as he gets pummeled by a shield and a hammer. Both heroes catch their weapons.
Tony crosses his arms and leans against the counter. “Not any that didn’t want something. I was a genius kid too. I know how this story goes. We’ll send her off to some highly qualified institution that will help her harness her intelligence and she’ll speed through with flying colors. But when she gets out the other side she’ll realize her childhood is gone with nothing worthwhile to show for it. But hey! At least she’ll have some degrees and will be able to build an arc reactor out of scraps in a god damned cave.”
“It’s okay,” he says as he takes out a packet of tissues from his jacket and cleans off her hand before going to her face. “We don’t have to go back to that quack if you don’t want to.”
“Nope. I’m gonna be a big girl.” Tony takes the shield from her and she goes to the pile of clothes resting on the bed.
Tony remains in bed, listening to the sounds in the apartment. Instead of going back to sleep he dozes in order to avoid the nightmares he knows are waiting for him. Time slips by with him teetering on the edge of consciousness when he hears Thor’s boisterous laugh. Guess it was breakfast time. He stretches to pop his back and more pain shoots up from his ass, but not as severe as before. He settles back down into the mattress and begins planning how he is going to talk Steve into breakfast in bed. When the door creaks open he blinks an eye open. No one walks through but Tony can hear shuffling. He looks over the edge of bed to see a small form under one of Mari’s quilts crawling towards him. Once the small form reaches the side of the bed a small hand pulls open one of the drawers set into the bed’s frame and empties the contents out onto the floor.
“No? They’re the same file.” Clint looks back at Bruce with an arched brow. “Has someone been hitting the caffeine booster a little too hard?”
Mari head flies up to glare at her. She snaps, “No! I just got tired trying to get people to believe me!”
Bruce bends down to pick up the toy, the bullet being slipped into his breast pocket. “Well, it’s not that bad of a rip. We can probably sew him back together. He just needs some sutures and I can do that.”
Oof. So it's been a while. I've been dealing with school and some financial issues so that made it harder to get the creative juices flowing. Good news, I have my Master's now so school is no longer a factor. Thanks to all of those that have stuck around and keep reading. This has a couple more chapters and then we get to move onto the next installment. Love you all. <3
“Technically Barnes did. But it still doesn’t really answer as to who. He’s a mercenary so anyone could have hired him,” says Tony.
Tony takes her wrist that has the watch he designed and presses a couple buttons. When Mari feels a needle prick at the inside of her wrist she yelps and jerks her hand away. He pulls it back again. “Let me see...your iron levels are low.”
“Sounds yummy.” Bucky takes a cube and pops one in his mouth. He fights against the urge to grimace.
He looks over his shoulder in time to see her round the corner. He then goes to his bedroom, going straight to the walk in closet thinking that he may be dealing with grey hair sooner than expected. He goes to his side and grabs a pair of old comfortable jeans that have a couple grease and oil spots on it that never came out. After slipping on the jeans he pulls open a drawer with a multitude of hoodies. He runs his hand down the row with dark colors and pulls out a dark blue one. It’s one of the cheaper ones but if they want to enjoy their outing they would have to stay low key. Not Tony’s style but on top of the long list of things Mari was terrified of, the paparazzi found their place on the list after swarming them outside of the tower once. He was looking over the box of frames when he felt a pair of large arms wrap around his waist and pull him up against a solid chest.
Tony tosses the cloth down and turns off the water. He leans on his hands against the counter glaring at his reflection. “What did you find on Chameleon?”
The guard ends up turning down a hall before he reaches them. The hipster leads Natasha into a large room with a huge super computer. He flips on the lights and sits in the roller chair in front of the machine.
“So what you’re basically saying is we’ve got the bastards?” Clint asks excited, before going still and looking towards the ceiling confused. “Really? Bastard is on your list of approved words?”
The door opens and Mari releases his hand to hide behind his leg. Steve chuckles and ruffles her hair.
Steve smiles as he watches her set the cup down and runs to Clint’s side. Tony jumps off the stool when she trips over her feet getting there. She pops back up off the floor and says something to Clint that has her mouth moving a mile a minute as she pushes her glasses back up her face. Steve relaxes when she shows no signs of being harmed. His eyes trail down Tony’s arm to the tight grip on the counter’s edge. He looks at his face and sees the faintest sign of panic in his husband’s eye.
“Oh wait.” Tony says before he runs from the room then comes back thirty seconds later with her stuffed dragon. He tucks it in beside her.
As Steve continues onto a lecture about being a team and how to be a gracious winner Bucky leans over and asks, “He do this often?”
Tony presses her face in the juncture between his neck and shoulder, glaring a hole into Steve’s retreating form until he is out of sight.
"You know, when she starts asking about where babies come from I'm going to get my revenge. And I'm going to be petty about it."
Great. Bucky hates bullies. He glances around but doesn’t see any of the parents jumping in. It looks like he’ll have to step in. He glances over to Mari to check on her before he gets up. That’s when he sees it. She had obviously heard the boy as well because she was no longer spinning on the merry-go-round. She had been watching the scene as well and her face was screwed up into a frown. And Bucky had seen that face before. Usually right before Steve decided to do something stupid.
“Sure it is. Watch.” Steve’s arm then shoots out and pulls Bucky into his side. He then starts walking forward, dragging Bucky forward like a cat trying to avoid a bath. “Hey Nat! Clint!”
“I’ll handle this. You handle that.” Tony nods towards the balcony where a fidgeting Bucky is looking around.
“He helped me get my foot loose. He said he was a friend of Papa’s and that it was important I give you that.”
“Ah, yes.” Dr. Wu takes another set of x rays and holds them up to the light. “Children. It is amazing how such small beings can make such large impacts on our lives.” He hands the scans back to his assistance. “How has your chest been feeling since we started the steroid therapy?”
“I know I didn’t read all the parenting books I probably should have buuuuut that was weird right?” Tony asks.
“No, but I bet the same traits I fell in love with are still there. In some form.” He pulls her away to look into her eyes. “What do you say doll? Are you willing to give me a chance to start at the beginning again? Maybe let me take you out dancing?”
“Have you seen what your suits look like in the dark? I doubt having a metal man with glowing eyes watching her would help.”
Steve tosses the tank into the laundry basket. “I know I wasn’t exactly Dad of the year today. I upset Mari when I left. I upset you when I didn’t come back. I’m sorry but he’s my friend.”
He shakes his head and looks back to the screen. When it seems he’s not going to continue Mari turns and reaches up to open the door.
“Yeah. Looks like it belongs to a lacewing or something. Here’s half of the other one I think.” Bruce slides a broken wing next to its counterpart. They were about an inch long and near translucent. Then he slides the remnants of some sort of processing chip over. “Do you know what it is?”
Tony pulls out the bag of kasha crackers and sets them in front of her as well. “Come on, the smoothie isn’t that bad.” He takes a swig and cannot stop the involuntary gag. He glances down at her unamused expression and puts the thermos back in the bag. “I said it wasn’t that bad not the best tasting.”
“Yes sir.” Steve sits up and slides Tony’s sweats and underwear off in one pull. He flings off his jacket and starts to take off his shirt only for it to get tangled around his head and arms when he feels a pressure against his crotch. Tony rubs the heel of his foot along the zipper of Steve’s jeans. He applies a little more pressure when Steve pauses. “Something wrong Soldier Boy?”
“Millions of dollars and years of research put into development. Months of planning. And you’re telling me that you let it almost fall completely apart at the seams because of some fastidiosa bambina!?!” the man demands, his voice rising as he nears the end, before turning on the pale bald man.
“I’ve got my own login thanks.” She ties the cable from her grappler around him tight before going to the super computer. She plugs in a flash drive and while the screen flashes and code goes scrolling across she speaks into her comm. “Hawkeye, do you still read me?”
Tony watches them walk through door on the other side of floor. He sighs and slumps back against the bed. He pinches the bridge of his nose.
“But I do need my best friend.” Steve holds out a hand. “Come with me. We’ll sort all this out. We’ll take care of this problem together and then you can start a new life.”
“Says the man that built a daycare center near a SHIELD building after he heard an agent say she wasn’t sure how she was going to keep her job and raise her three year old by herself.”
“And then we’re the assholes keeping her from her real family!” Tony spins to face him, his voice raising with each word.
“Like hacking into your social worker’s computer?” He goes back to cleaning the remaining tears off her face.
“So I guess I’ll be doing the heavy lifting like usual hm?” Tony lifts his hips up and pushes back down in a swift slide. “Oh yeah, that’s where it’s at.”
They stare at each other in silence. Steve watches Tony’s jaw clench and unclench. He doesn’t know how long they stand there staring at each other but a sudden booming voice makes them jump in surprise.
Steve pauses. He remembers now the agent telling him Pepper’s secretary had been injured. Now that he had Tony and Mari close he felt a little guilty for not sparing the woman more thought.
They spend the rest of the day acclimating Mari to the tower and Jarvis, including entering her into the security system. At lunch they order Chinese takeout and for dinner it was an introduction to family shawarma night. After a game of Candyland, a bath, and a dialysis session, Mari was put to bed.
The elevator starts its decent and when the doors open he steps out, looking toward the glass wall to see Bruce bent over a microscope. He has Jarvis open the door to the lab and walks up behind the scientist.
“Yes.” She tilts her head and closes the folder. “Clint is showing me sign language. I’ve been learning Russian from Miss Nat.” She misses his flinch when she says Russian. “Would any of those help? I can do Icelandic but most people don’t know Icelandic, do you know Icelandic?”
“I want some pleeeeeaaaaaaseeee,” Mari yells back as she leaps off the jungle gym and races after Bucky.
Tony winces and only gets about half way down before the burn becomes too much. He lifts himself up and down and twists his hips. Slowly he works himself further and further down Steve’s cock.
She moves to walk away but he steps in her path. “Look I know I’m not the greatest catch but my head is like a thousand piece puzzle that got shaken up and lost a bunch of the pieces. I don’t know what happened between us or what I did to drive you away but please, just help me put a few of the pieces back together. Then I’ll never bring this up again.”
“One thing at a time.” Tony and him kiss before going back to the task at hand. When the cycler is finished Tony goes about cleaning and putting the tubes up.
Steve then picks her up and takes her out to the kitchen. Mari sits on a stool at the breakfast bar as she watches Steve prepare a large amount of eggs and bacon. He was telling her about how he and Tony met when they heard a loud yelp.
“What happened!?!” Steve demands. The minute he had gotten the call that there was an attack and his family had been involved, his heart had been beating a mile a minute. The fact that no one outside the tower seemed to have any information only frustrated him to the point where he was five seconds from punching through a wall.
“I should depart now before my attire suffocates your little one. Good day my friends.” Thor nods to them then turns and walks toward the exit.
“Okay, okay. I’m down already. Yeesh. Here.” Steve taps Bucky’s shoulder and steps out of the ring. “I’m tagging you in.”
Steve pulls out a slip of paper and shows it to him. In familiar chicken scratch is a note reading, “Had a bonergency. IOU Barton.”
“Well there’s Juli Albatross she’s the fastest puzzle piecer togetherer I know. And then there’s Winivere Clothem who tells the funniest jokes. Like,” she pauses to snicker. “Like what is a goose’s least,” she breaks off to snicker again. “What is a goose’s least favorite pie?”
Steve hangs up and puts the phone into one of the pouches on his belt. He slides his tongue into Tony’s gasping mouth. Steve clutches him close, reveling in the rise and fall of his husband’s chest and the small hum of the arc reactor vibrating between them.
“Eh, I only shoot the stuff they shouldn’t be making in the first place.” Clint turns to the read outs in front of Bruce. “Speaking of being naughty, what are you guys looking at?”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Settle down. I’m not gonna hurt ya.” He crouches and holds his hands up, one of which is holding a beaten up manila folder. He puts it under an arm and comes a little closer. “I’m just going to help you get loose. Don’t kick me…”
Steve shoots across the playground and into the trees. He finds an area of disturbed dirt where Mari must have gotten her foot caught. Off to the side he found some more disturbed dirt where it looked like someone hand been milling about. The soldier stood in the spot and saw that he had a clear vantage point of the bench he had been sitting at and still be hidden behind the foliage and other trees.
The Count growls and shoots another glare at the master of disguise before marching out of the room, his cape billowing out behind him. “Hurry up. I’d like to take Stark down before the next century!”
She turns at the sound. Her grumpy expression turns to a smile when she sees him. “Papa! You’re back. You missed snack time.” She pouts.
Clint looks up the stairwell and groans. “You know, fuck that.” He takes out his bow and nocks an arrow connected to his belt by a tether.
As they leave, Steve goes to sit next to her on the couch. He only reaches out and gives her foot a squeeze.
Count Nefaria opens his mouth to retort before a boom echoes down the hall. They see a squad of armed guards run past the door seconds later towards the sound.
“Come out and play little Peterdottir.” The hulking form comes to stand inches in front of the shaking toddler. “Are you under here?”
Mari was a gift to the super couple but the two had somewhat mourned the hit their sex life had taken. They were used to spontaneous bouts of sex brought on by a brush of a hand or a sideways glance. Now with a curious child roaming the apartment, they had to strategically plan even their evening rounds. And those too were often interrupted when Jarvis alerted them to Mari waking violently from nightmares.
Steve moves to rest his chin on Tony’s shoulder. “You didn’t let her get hurt, it just happened and that’s the end of that.” He presses a kiss to his husband’s cheek.
“And you’re called a wuss. You’ve battled aliens I think the big bad Ironman can take on a five year old and come out okay.” She leans forward and taps their drinks together in a toast, then goes and joins the others by the couches. “So when is it present time?”
“I swear to God Barnes, you ask me one more time if I’m okay with this, I’m making you move into the penthouse with us.”
As they come closer Valencia hears their footsteps and turns. “Oh Mari! I’m so glad to see you’re okay.”
She frowns down at the cube as Bucky walks away. She pops it in her mouth and grimaces at the taste. That’s when she feels a tap on her head. She turns to see a part of a poptart being held in a big meaty paw. With a gasp she snatches it up and smiles up at Thor. Thor puts a finger to his lips. Mari nods in agreement and takes the treat under the snack table, behind the safety of the table cloth. Thor then returns to Jane’s side who gives a chuckle to see all the poptarts piled on his plate.
And she knew something. He could tell. She was always watching him, especially when she could tell he had a flash. But Natalia always kept her distance. AND HE COULDN’T STOP CALLING HER NATALIA. It didn’t matter how many times he was corrected or how many times he caught himself, his first instinct was to call her Natalia. Oddly enough, she never corrected him. Just gave him a tight frown and turned away. Talk about frustrating.
The social worker sighs. “We’ve already talked about this dear and I’m not here to pick a fight. Are you happy with Steve and Tony?”
“You should be more worried about Mari getting to you. Next time you give away her sugar, it’s night night Buck, I can tell you that much.”
“She’s been picking at her pump again. Her doctor has already taken care of it but he suggested,” here she gives Mari a pointed look, “that she take it easy.”
"Whenever Chameleon goes to meet with his boss he's never gone more than a few hours. I’ve tried following him but he’s a tricky son of a dog. I can’t stay on him long enough to get anything substantial."
Clint gives him the bird and the sound bite goes off as Steve launches his arm across the counter to cover Mari’s eyes. “BARTON!”
“Just because he’s a stuffed animal, doesn’t mean he doesn’t have feelings. Now apologize!” She shoves the bear at him again.
Mari gives a small wave before going back out onto the playground. She looks to the bench and sees Steve standing in front of it with his sketchbook abandoned off to the side. His eyes are scanning the equipment when she sees he is not alone anymore.
Steve shakes his head and goes to join Bucky on the bench. “Now that she’s comfortable, she’s starting to butt heads with us more.”
It disappears into the drawer as Steve comes in with some of Mari’s clothes draped over his shoulder. “Pip did Mari come in here?”
He smirks and switches out the plates. “How could you even tell that wasn’t the right plate? You don’t have your glasses.”
He smiles and runs his hands through her hair one last time. “You know, you weren’t this shy when we met at the agency. I remember a regular little chatterbox.”
“Which we could do on a regular basis if SOMEONE didn’t insist on a traditional family atmosphere.” Tony says. He slides the phone onto the breakfast bar and kisses Steve’s cheek before he puts the ingredients back in the fridge. He ruffles Mari’s hair as well when he moves behind her. “You okay Kiddo? Not too much excitement for you I hope.”
Tony hands the folder back without a word and digs in the baby bag hanging off his shoulder. “Pretty sure sure I packed that.”
“Well, my Mama used to make a lamb pie that was dreadful but chicken pot pie is the product of Sata-“
“Ugh. Please don’t use that word right now. Having a tiny human call me that has ruined all sexual connotation it once held.”
“Bored with I spy huh? Well Peggy isn’t really his aunt. He just thinks of her as one. She’s his godmother. She’s also the one that taught him how to punch I think.”
Tony takes the speaker and switches it off. Then he jerks him around and leans in close. He whispers harshly. “REMEMBER HOW STEVE AND I TOLD YOU GUYS TO KEEP IT LOW KEY FOR TODAY?”
“Well I’ve got it from here.” He takes a step forward but pauses when the agent steps back and pulls Mari with him.
“Hey, you aren’t the only lady killer in the room,” says Bucky. “Back in the day I could woo the pan-”
“Then can we use one of them instead of sending me all over New York on wild goose chases?” Sam asks as he walks in before collapsing on the couch they keep along the back wall.
Tony turns and frowns to see the frazzled social worker stomping back down the hall. Her shoes make loud snapping noises as they make contact with the tile floor.
“Look at these projects. ‘Neuro data translation chip’, ‘Chemical stimulators’, ‘Nano carriers’. Tony would notice if someone planted something on him or in him.”
Steve smiles as a blush washes across his cheeks. He leans down to brush their noses together. “I spent most of it on my bike so in fact, I think I have enough energy to pound you in and then have you return to the favour.~” Tony groans and bites at Steve’s bottom lip. “As much as I love seeing that ass split open I think I only have enough energy in me for one pounding. I actually did work today unlike some people.”
“She gets sweetie and I get Barton? What kind of favoritism bull-“ Clint’s tongue goes dead when Steve shoots him a death glare. Clint turns to put the game box away as fast as he can.
Steve clenches his jaw and turns to the oven. He pulls out the chicken and puts it on a large plate with the last of the eggs. When he turns he sees Thor staring at him with a concerned frown. He sets the plate in front of him.
Steve sits down next to Mari and sets the bowl in front of her. He scoops a spoonful out and holds it towards her. With a big smile he says, “Now who wants barley porridge?”
“Wow, Steve. Glad to hear how petty you think I am.” Tony shoves past him and into the bedroom. He tugs off his under shirt with an angry jerk.
“Woah, woah, woah, woah! Kid! Breathe. Geez. You’re gonna have an aneurism before you’re seven if you aren’t careful.” He rubs her shoulders. “Come on. Relax. We are just going to introduce you to some of our friends. Okay? Nothing to freak out about. Starks are always calm under pressure and you’re a Stark now. Remember that.”
Tony pauses. When he looks over Mari is in her pajamas clutching a book to her chest. He sighs. It was an original copy of Winnie-the-Pooh that Tony had gotten for Steve as an anniversary present. Steve’s mother used to read it to him when he was a child. Mostly to distract him from whatever aliment had restricted him to bedrest. He’d tell Tony, just sitting reading a book with his Mom was some of his fondest memories. He had wanted to do the same with Mari so they had been reading the book before bed and during her dialysis sessions.
She turns and yanks him to her side. She hits the fourth button, keeping a grip on his shaking arm as the doors slide closed.
She turns around and makes grabbing hands up at him. He almost doesn’t stop his knee jerk reaction to pick her. Instead he turns her back around. “Go on. I promise. You’ll like this surprise. We’re right behind you.”
Steve instantly goes ramrod straight. Tony pouts until he turns and sees the voice came from a nervous looking nurse. He straightens as well.
“You win this round Widow.” Clint glares at her and shoves a bite of cake into his mouth. “But you haven’t won the war.” He turns and stomps back to the couch.
Tony pulls Mari back to his chest and rocks her. He holds her tight until her sobbing softens and her breathing evens out. Tony looks up over her head when he hears footsteps approach.
Mari pulls away from her Aunt and Uncle and tugs on their hands. “Come see my room. It has all this neat stuff. Come on.”
Steve kneels down and takes Mari by the shoulders. “It’s okay. It’s just another home check. We like Ms. Flander now right?”
“You never know how deep these things go Captain. Besides I’m surprised you’re not keeping an eye on them yourselves.”
“That sounds like a lot of work for a childish prank.” Steve says when the music dies. “That’s all that’s wrong?”
“I can be real quick at getting the oil pip.” Steve tweaks at one of Tony’s nipples making the inventor arch into the touch with one hand. The other goes to his aching hard on as he smears pre cum over it.
He pauses before turning to the bear. He speaks in a slow voice. “I am sorry.” He then looks to Mari.
Tony marches out of the practice and down the hall with Mari trailing behind him. He stops in front the elevator doors and hits the down button. He is glaring a hole in the elevator door when he notices the small hiccupping at his side. He glances down and sees Mari swipe her fist across her running nose. Tony sighs and kneels down.
Mari nods and climbs down from the chair. She takes Tony’s outstretched hand as they go out into the living room. She looks around the room with her mouth agape as Tony goes to meet Rhodey and Pepper at the elevator. While Tony was helping her get ready, Steve had put up balloons and a banner that says, “Welcome Home Marianna!” She runs up and hugs Steve’s leg.
“Better now that I’m home.” Steve says keeping his voice low so Mari will not hear them from where she is playing. He wraps his good arm around his husband’s waist and runs his fingers up and down Tony’s side. He captures his husband’s lips with a deep kiss.
“Oh silly. That’s just called growing up. I’m not the same since I was a baby but that baby was still me.” She turns away to brush the bear’s fur with her fingers.
Mari lowers her hand and steps away from the door. He continues to glare until she’s half way to the desk. He removes his hand from atop the gun and turns back to the computer. Mari stands where the man pointed and holds her hands behind her back. She presses the button Tony showed her on her wristband and looks at the computer screen.
“You heard of not being a little chicken shit?” Steve glances at the pocket holding his phone when the curse alert goes off.
They make it back to the penthouse only to be greeted with yelling and cursing and a shout of “HULK SMASH THOR!”
“What? How do u expect us to spell ‘fun’ without f and u?” He winks at them before going out the glass door.
The bully was reaching out to knock Mari down again when he looked up. Seeing Bucky’s large figure looming towards him made him pause. Bucky is about to tell him off when Mari clamps her teeth around the boy’s hand. He wails and tries to shake her off, whacking the robot toy against her head. She lets go and the boy screams at her, “What is wrong with you!?!”
Steve’s mouth opened and closed as he tried to come up with a response. “But you’re-I didn’t mean-you’re just so-...oh no.”
He turns in time to see her toss him something and vanish upward. He catches it and smiles at the grappler. He leans over the railing and fires the grapple upward. When it catches he hits the retractor and zips up after them.
Mae and Ben exchange looks and Tony watches as they seem to have a silent conversation. But then Mae turns and holds out a hand. “Very well Mr. Stark. You have a deal.”
“It’s amazing really. If you cut a flatworm in half it will regenerate into two worms. My ma used to say love was like a flatworm.” He laughs when Mari’s face scrunches up. “Yeah, not the most appealing analogy but it’s not wrong. She used to tell me that love was like a flatworm because no matter how many times you cut it up and give it to people, you still have a whole worm to give someone else.” He unwraps the towel and uses it to squeeze at her still damps ends.
“Ow! Are you five!?! I’m not leaving until I find out who-OW!” Tony moves a step away and opens his mouth to snap at her.
Tony looks indignant and opens his mouth only to pause when he hears the door open. He spins in his chair and sees Steve walk in. There is a spot of blood on his collar and his hair and clothes are in a disarray. Tony frowns. “You done running around New York?”
Mari’s lingering smile vanishes and she takes the stuffed toy. She turns to Tony and speaks in a dead, monotone voice, “The trust circle is a place of understanding, sharing, and openness. Those who wish to share must be holding the phallic object.” At this last part she holds up the stuffed mushroom and Tony bursts out laughing.
“Right this way, right this way,” Tony says as he returns, carrying a large box with Pepper and Rhodey close behind. He puts the box on the counter of the breakfast bar.
“No but why wouldn’t you? Ooof!” Tony rubs at his ribs where Steve elbowed him. “You know you don’t do that as gently as you think you do.”
Steve barks out a laugh and rolls onto his side to look at Tony’s face with a troubled smile. “I’m serious Tony. What do we do? There’s no way she’s sleeping well like that.”
“Nefaria could have more gear that could worsen your condition close range. We should be able to get through this mission without Ironman. And if we can’t you can pilot the suit remotely.”
“Well chop, chop!” Mari barks at them while she squints at the page in front of her. “I want a ¼ cup of cra-canola oil melted over med…medium heat! With onion! And…and garlic! And get that oven to four hundred degrees! AND WHO PAINTED THE ROSES RED!?!”
“Look at you, using science references. Soon you’ll be able to tell between the different ‘forms of electricity’.”
“Mari? Sweetie?” Callaghan shakes her shoulder. When she is satisfied she nods for Steve to follow her.
“So close enough to screw him but not close enough to go out to coffee with?” Clint asks. “There were thousands of names that were stolen. It’s not gonna be easy narrowing that down. We don’t even know what they wanted to plant. And even if they planted it yet.”
“I don’t know what that means but Bucky you obviously loved her enough to marry her, to risk HYDRA and the Red Room’s wrath. Don’t you want that back?”
“It’s right over in the kitchen here.” Steve takes her hand and leads her to the kitchen. He sits her at the breakfast bar.
“Everything you need to know is in that folder.” Bucky rolls Steve off him and scrambles away only to be jerked to the ground again. “God damn it Steve! Let go of me!”
Steve runs his fingers over the abused spot in apology before kneeling in front of Mari. “Where is this coming from?”
“He wouldn’t dare,” Steve says against Tony’s neck but he can feel the cold dread seep into his stomach.
He looks over and sees Thor begin to swing his hammer around by its strap. He groans as an uneasy feeling settles in his stomach. Despite his apprehension he steps closer and wraps him arms around Thor’s neck. “Why did we have to live in a tower…?”
“Because when are you ever wrong?” Steve smiles at the withering look Tony shoots at him. “They’re her family Tony and she was only taken away because they couldn’t afford to take care of her. Not that they wouldn’t.”
“Then SHIELD can stop sending their emissaries to interrupt me when I am attempting to woo Jane during the few ‘camping weekends’ I can get her to consent to,” says Thor with a tight smile.
Tony moves to sit on the couch and looks through the photo album with Mae explaining them. Occasionally he’ll look up to Ben shooting him untrusting looks.
“I don’t care. I have something important to do.” Tony says in a voice that resembles Steve’s no nonsense Captain voice.
Steve stands to give him space while Tony tucks the comforter more around Mari’s shoulders. He leans down to place a kiss on her head before standing from the bed as well. Steve leans in to kiss his husband’s cheek and wrap an arm around his waist only for Tony to keep walking out the door and to their bedroom. He sighs and braces himself for the argument waiting ahead.
The rock tilted at a sudden haphazard angle. Tony falls to the ground and clings to a jutting rock. Off to his left a leviathan scrapes against the side, pushing the floating island off its axis. He clings for dear life as it floats past, the flick of its tail sending one last violent rock through the island. The leviathan glides through taking no heed of him. As the island steadies, he slowly eases his grip on the stone. Just as he starts to relax something clamps down on his shoulder. He yells and looks up into the face of a Chitauri soldier. Adrenalin races through and he swings at the alien. It catches his fist and roars. Tony kicks out his legs and squeezes his eyes tight as he jerks against the iron grip it has on him.
“Nothing?” Nat asks. She doesn’t show anything more than mild curiosity but Clint takes note of the “I’m-Black-Widow-fear-me” face.
“And which do you think he would rather be doing right now? Spending the rest of his vacation with you two or Clint and Thor in the quinjet the day after they had a food feast of chilies?”
“Stop helping Pip,” says Steve. “Look Kiddo, why don’t you meet Norman and Harri a few times and form your own opinion. Your case agent said you like science. Well what do scientists do? They gather evidence-“
“Punk! You get back here and explain why you named a teddy bear after me!” Bucky goes racing after him.
“Nonsense. We already have to fake emergencies to get him down here. If I do that he won’t EVER get any work done.”
“That’s what kind of makes it brilliant,” says Sam. “We all have memories that haunt us. Reoccurring nightmares. Really, which one of us would be concerned by a string of nightmares? Or even notice the uptick.”
“Yes you can.” Steve assures him as he swings his pack over his shoulder and heads out of their bedroom.
“Shit.” He frowns at the progress bar displayed on the screen and looks at his watch. Then he moves to the door and opens it an inch. “The transfer is taking longer than you said it would…I don’t care if you can’t control everything, I’m gonna have Ironman on my ass God knows when and that’s if the secretary doesn’t wake up first.”
“You want to tell me why Mari felt the need to explain the mechanics of a dishwasher to me?” Steve whispers into Tony’s ear, giving it a playful bite.
He turns again to find a frazzled looking woman run past him and down the hall. He watches her disappear around the corner after the toy and stares. He waits a moment before turning to the potted plant.
“I’m sorry sir, but I’m new. If I don’t follow orders exactly…well…you understand what position that puts me in.” A sheepish smile spreads across the agent’s face.
Thor laughs. “Because the mansion exploded.” With that they launch upward and Bruce avoids looking down.
She pouts up at him but he just smirks and waves towards the hallway. She starts to walk that way dragging her feet. Before she gets too far she glances over her shoulder and when she sees Steve’s attention has returned back to the table she circles round.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asks and reaches a hand out to steady her. He looks up when Ms. Flander sighs again.
“No kiddo.” He scoops her up and hugs her to his chest. “You aren’t going anywhere. This is your home.” He kisses her forehead. “We’ll never let you go.”
“So,” says Tony as he rubs his hands together and plasters the “Stark Smirk” across his face. “You want to come upstairs and see your new home?”
The nurse nods and goes back through the doors. Once they’re alone Tony falls back against the cot and buries his face in his hands.
“Training is an essential way of honing your skills and a great way of strengthening bonds amoung teammates.” Thor rips off a leg from the chicken and takes a bite.
He stops and looks at her exasperated. “In case you didn’t notice I don’t have much to go on in the father department. I’ve had three father figures. My actual father who was an ass, the original Jarvis who died before my parents did, and Obadiah who tried to have me killed. Not exactly a lot of decent data to look at.”
“Exactly, little! Nobody listens when you’re little, no one thinks you can do anything.” As she picks up steam she starts to speak faster and faster. All the times where she was brushed off or ignored coming to the forefront of her mind. The detectives that didn’t believe her, the CPS agents that wouldn’t listen, and the fosters that just didn’t care flashed through her mind one at a time. “It doesn’t matter how much smarter than them you are. As long as you’re saying stuff they don’t like, they don’t listen and bury you.” Bury you in the system where you’re just another number.
“Oh I know the kinds of parties Tony throws.” She says as she pours tea into a tea cup. “And I’m fairly certain they were more party than tea. Here you are dear.” She hands the cup and its saucer to her.
“It’s okay, my condition isn’t contagious.” Mari squints as she tries to look around for her glasses.
Information swamps the screen on Tony’s phone. “You really think I was satisfied with just the paperwork social services gave us? They didn’t even have her birth certificate.”
“Yeah, yeah.” He kneels next to Mari and twists the cap off her juice for her. “Now we are just going to be downstairs. If you need me go to the elevator, down five floors or ask Jarvis, and you’ll see me in the conference room to the right or just press your panic button.” He takes her wrist and shows her the button on her wrist monitor.
Steve looks up to see the tablet on the kitchen counter come to life with information. His heart stops when he hears a small whimper.
“You’ll have to go send someone down. Intercommunications aren’t working. More specifically they’re not being processed right. You’ll get to the desk but they won’t be able to understand you.”
“Yeah. Poor girl has a bad case of ethics,” Tony says as he sets Mari on the counter next to where Bruce is working. “You mind sparing a cup of potassium iodide? A favor between science bros?”
Steve shifts through the pile of papers in front of him before pulling out a sheet. His eyes scan the dossier before tossing it into the reject pile. He gathers up a small collection of sheets and flips through them. One catches his eye and he pauses. Good credentials, lots of accolades, wide span of education. He holds the sheet towards Tony.
That’s when the bottom lip pops out in a pout again and he has to hold down on a chuckle when she glares up at him. “I’m smart. Explain it. I’ll understand.”
“Woo! That was close!” she says, trying to catch her breath. After her chest slowly stops heaving she turns to eye the well-dressed man up and down. “You’re Tony Stark, aren’t you?”
Tony takes a drink only to grimace when cold coffee meets his tongue. He leaves it on the table behind the couch as he approaches the super soldiers. “So, are we cleared for takeoff?”
“No, I helped her like a responsible adult. A very stupid responsible adult because she later used the parts to fool Jarvis into letting her hack him.”
Steve chuckles. “No that was Buck. Although she did assist in my training. She helped me learn to shoot.”
Sam coughs and Mari looks up at him. He widens his stance a bit so he has a foot close to the table. He looks at it pointedly. She smiles and steps on his boot. It only raises her a couple inches but it’s enough to see what the projection beads are displaying. He holds out his hand so she can grip it for stability. Steve catches Sam’s eye but the other hero only shrugs his shoulders and looks at the display.
Bruce sighs and glances down at Mari who is still fast asleep. He then takes her to Steve and Tony’s bedroom as instructed.
As she speeds toward them they pull out firearms and batons. The ones leading the charge open fire and she swerves, leaning down to pick up the sniper’s fallen gun. As she returns fire she sighs, wondering where mercenaries got their marksmen training nowadays. They just don’t make killers like they used to.
“She’s the one that brought it up not me. She wants to send them a letter. To let them know she’s okay.”
While Tony sits through the proposal Mari works in her coloring book, and sneaks a few apple chips from the bag. An hour passes when the lights flicker and she hears Pepper’s computer reboot.
“Jarvis should be fixed by the time Mari gets settled. I’ll start digging then. See if he left anything,” Tony says.
Steve leaned to get a closer look and glanced over the page. “Are you sure about this Tony? Remember the last time we tried to work with turkey? I lost an eyebrow and you singed part of your goatee off.”
He sighs and looks over his shoulder. “I’ll give you a hint. I’m only a little closer than I was when you asked ten minutes ago. Now hush.” The tech turns back to the screen.
“We are still gathering intel. I’m here to actually talk to you about a search you ran yesterday.” He holds up the folder.
Steve watches as Tony abandons the buttons, leaving the bottom half open. Instead he sighs and swipes his hand over his face and into his hair.
A moment later it goes flying backwards. The two turn to see Captain America catch it with a glare on his face. The tech steps away from Count Nefaria when War Machine and the Winter Soldier file in behind him.
He watches with an arched brow as he brings Jarvis up. “Jarvis, pull up the file we have on Margaret Paulson.”
A small smile spreads on Steve’s face but his eyes take on a dangerous glint. “I think so too. Want to see pictures?”
This would have been up sooner but you can thank a certain AKACHAN FOR DISTRACTING ME. Anyway, enjoy the fluff.
“You know, this bed is actually pretty comfy. I think I might just sleep here tonight.” He presses his face against hers and makes his own obnoxious snoring noises. She starts squealing and kicks against his thighs when he starts drooling on her.
“Of course not.” Tony slides the phone back into his pocket. “I’m pretty sure it was just her mother. Her father worked for Osborne though so I’m sure he has more than one skeleton in his closet.”
“Liiiiiiiiiike THIS!” He rolls the covers around her like a burrito and snuggles down around her, half laying on her, and blows raspberries into her neck.
Not long after, Happy pulls up to the park and Tony spies Steve sitting on a bench sketching. Before stepping out Tony pulls out a couple twenties and slides them onto dash.
She whips her head around trying to find the source of the voice in the shadows of the trees. When she looks behind her she sees a large man with shaggy brown hair and a thick jacket with dark cargo pants. Her eyes widen at his hulking form before doubling her efforts to escape the tree’s grasp by pulling at her leg harder.
Steve glares at Tony and says, “The point is, you have nothing to worry about because everyone is going to love you. You don’t have to be scared.”
“Sargent James Barnes.” Mari averts her gaze when the two men go ram rod still. Did she do something wrong again?
“You gotta let go!” he says as he watches the stairs start to peel from the wall, taking chucks of concrete with it. “I’ll catch you I promise!”
“Yeah but I’ve seen those bugs before. Sometimes they carry toxins. I thought it was worth the risk if it prevented her from being injected.” Bucky rubs at the back of his neck nervously and looks away.
Tony pushes away from the table and grips Bruce’s arm. He then pulls him up from his chair and drags him to the elevator while Bruce scrambles to get his lab coat off. “You can make it up to us by introducing yourself to Mari. You’ll like her. Apparently she speaks Icelandic. Go figure.”
Steve arches an unamused brow at her while the other adults devolve into laughter. Mari just sticks her tongue out at him.
“Because they’ve been fighting the court decision that said they were unfit guardians. Filed yet another complaint this week.” Tony says.
Tony turns and leans back against the counter. He crosses his arms across his chest. “…Why didn’t I hear this from Romanoff or Barton earlier? I’ve been at the tower all day. And where were you? We get a lead on the dirt bag that nearly blew up our daughter and you’re not on it like stripes on that stupid shield?”
“You think that matters? I know that logically he doesn’t blame me but you don’t just get over something like that. And with everything that happened after...you need to give him some slack Steve. I’m YOUR long lost best friend. Not his.”
As Steve walks up he can see that Bucky is looking towards where Natasha and Clint are talking. He takes a step toward them only to step back and mumble to himself. Steve bumps his shoulder into Bucky’s. “Pretty nice view huh?”
“We’re still combing through all the data I dug up at the Maggia hideout,” says Nat. “Then we have to dig through what SHIELD dumped on us after they went and cleaned it out.”
“It was working one minute then I lost the signal the next. The stupid brat probably had something to do with that.”
Clint groans. “Great. We’re stuck digging through digital paper work and the happy couple is upstairs having homemade dinner.”
“Me too, but trust me, Captain Protocol won’t let us. No matter how many favors you offer.” He wiggles his eyebrows at Steve as he portions out the medication.
“Probably. But he doesn’t.” Tony tosses another stack into the rejects. “Is this really the best you could find Jarvis?”
Tony lets out a sigh. He hopes the rest of his plan goes as smoothly as step one. Well maybe a little smoother will be nice.
Thor nods and makes his way to Captain America, tossing agents out of his path. He gets to the Captain and raises his hammer. Captain America raises his shield and braces himself. He hears a bang behind him, then feels a piercing pain through his left shoulder which is followed by the sound of a bullet bouncing off Thor’s armour. There is a repeated clicking sound. They both turn to look behind the Captain.
“Oh god no!” Tony shoves Steve off and shoots in the direction of the sound. He finds Mari curled up on the floor in front of the elevator surrounded by glass and stuffing, with her hands tight over her ears. Without a second thought he bolts over. He doesn’t even register the glass cutting into his knees when he kneels down to grab at Mari’s body. “Mari!?! Mari baby answer me! Are you okay?”
“That doesn’t make it any less scary. But that’s why I brought this in for you.” He flips the shield and lays it on top of her. “See if this helps you sleep tonight.”
She reaches out to Tony as he passes but he gives her a kiss to her head before following Steve. When Ms. Flander sits on the couch Mari moves to the other end, glaring daggers at her.
Steve intercepts his path before he can get close. Tony tries to step around him but Steve wraps an arm around his waist. “Tony it’s okay! He wasn’t aiming at Mari.”
“I want to walk now.” She wiggles and tries to slide backwards but he tightens his grip around her legs.
“Then get her the toy just for that. Don’t say you’ll get it if she’s good.” Steve moves her arm away from the machine and onto the small table next to the bed when Callaghan signals she’s done.
She flinches at his voice. With a glance back at him and down to the cast around her arm, she takes a deep breath.
Tony takes the bullet to examine it closer. It was a big motherfucker. Sturdy too because it was still mostly intact. He had already assumed that though. He didn’t just put any old regular glass in his buildings. Not many places you could get ammunition able to puncture it. He is jerked out of his thoughts when crying starts up again in his ear.
“Okay. Let's head back to the tower.” Sam turns to the small group still talking. “See you guys next week.”
“You’re not mad are you?” She reaches up to fret at a lock of her hair. It causes a rivulet to run down her shoulder.
“No idea. But maybe you can ask his friends. I just overheard him call in a team to intercept you. Switching to satellite. First sucker is coming in on your three o’clock. Need me to come in?”
"I've seen those bugs before in different lairs,” says Clint. “SHIELD has even been looking into their own versions. Trying to steal my job the little fuckers."
Steve looks between Mari and the closet door. “Are you afraid that there is a monster in your closet?”
“I’m not keen on sending her off as well but we’re running out of schools pip. And I don’t want her to be home-schooled. She needs to make friends her own age. We can’t keep her locked in the tower.”
“Why not, I don’t know, just come by and tell us.” Bruce puts the bullet back in the baggie and hands it back to Nat.
“Oh no. I’m not leaving till-“ Tony turns to glare at Agent Hill but is interrupted when Natasha comes up and pinches his side. “OW! What the hell!?!”
Sam takes a swig from his beer and glances at Steve. Steve, Bucky, and Sam are gathered around the dining table in Bucky’s apartment. After Bucky’s revelation in the training room, Steve called Sam over to have a talk. And to bring beer. Lots of it. On the company card of course.
Due to some information that will be dispersed in this chapter I feel the need to make a disclaimer so...
“Ok everyone. That’s it. I have all your reports but Thor, if you need paper, just ask. I don’t think SHIELD can process this.” Steve holds up two long sheets of parchment written in what looked like quill ink.
“She’s a little clingy,” he explains before trying to pry her off. “Kiddo we’re here because Aaron asked me to help him move some things. So while we’re upstairs I’m going to need you to kick back down here and be good okay?”
He takes her into the kitchen and sets her on the counter as he gets a shake put together. When he reaches for the blender the kettle bings.
“Asguardian is so similar to your Scandinavian languages that we can speak clear enough to one another,” Thor says.
“Okay!” She bounces off the bed and he catches her to lower her onto the ground. She grabs her Bucky Bear and runs out of the room.
Bucky glances over the back of the couch and has to swallow down a sigh when he sees Steve’s tense shoulders and kicked puppy look. Did he have to look like that everytime he asked how Bucky was doing? “It was...not terrible…”
He cannot stop himself from reaching out and squeezing one of her hands. “I’m not but this is important. I’ll be back. I promise.”
Tony waits for Ben to move and after thirty seconds the man takes half a step back. Tony side steps in and walks in the direction Mae went. He steps into a small living room and stands awkwardly by an old overstuffed couch. He looks around and his eyes travel over the picture frames and small knick knacks. He sees one of a young couple holding a swath of cloth and steps closer. The man in the picture had wavey brown hair and thick glasses over brown eyes. He was standing next to a woman in a hospital bed with wild fluffy hair that was escaping the bun someone had tried to tie it back into. Her cheeks were pink and she had a pair of glasses over tired hazel eyes. Upon closer inspection he sees that the bundle of cloth was wrapped around a squishy pink face that resembled more of an angry jelly bean than a baby. He’d know that little scrunched up nose anywhere though. At first he thought he was mistaken because this baby had hair several shades darker than Mari’s and it had dark brown eyes. Tony knew Mari had blue grey eyes. But no, that little pout was one of a kind. He thought back to some of the baby books he had read when they were still thinking of adopting a baby boy and remembers that some said eye and hair color can change over time. Besides even though she was only five Mari was already starting to look like a mirror image of the woman in the picture.
The two men watch her leave and once she is around the corner Ben fixes Tony with a hard glare. “If you think a few nice words are going to get me to trust you, you have another thing coming Mr. Stark.”
Nat nudges Clint aside and takes control of the holotable. The map changes to a world map with six diamonds floating over certain places. Four are scattered across Europe, one is near Tokyo, and another is on the east coast of the U.S. "These are all the know locations we have for Count Nefaria."
“One of the world’s mightiest heroes and I’m reduced to a flash light,” Tony mumbles under his breath. “Okay. But I’m going to need my sidekick.” He swings her up and she flings her arms out like an airplane, laughing loudly.
Tony turns to the others. “Ok, so the other day I showed Mari some project files we’ve been working on. I won’t go into too much detail but they do represent a large investment for the company. So much so that we added a few layers of security, which include a shi- a boat load of encryption and a virus that infects any device that’s not logged onto Jarvis and sends out a pulse with the location of where it is being accessed.”
Mari warms up to Sam and berates the heroes about the specs of their suits. Another ten minutes in and they hear a booming, “Congratulations on the arrival of your child Stark! May she be less troublesome than my brother’s adoption!”
Natasha sighs as she watches the doors close. “Nothing is ever easy with those two.” She looks at the read outs in front of her and stares at the photo they have listed for the Winter Soldier.
When Bucky puts his wallet away Steve continues with, “I’ll have the same plus…” He looks to Tony. “Two tofu?”
Tony sighs and picks her glasses up. He cleans the lenses on his shirt before putting them on her face. The moment the spectacles are on she is rushing off again. Tony chases after her and calls, “Slow down! I swear it’s like chasing a squirrel.”
He stands and glares at the closet door. After all this time with them, all their reassurances, and love and she was still terrified of the damn closet. She still was not sleeping through the night either. Tony’s head rushed with ideas. Maybe he could bring Dum-e up from Malibu and set him up in here. That way she would not actually have to step into the walk in closet and the robot arm could deliver the articles to her. The thought was scrapped almost as soon as it had formed. She was terrified of something living in her closet. Best not to prove her right and actually put something in there. Especially Dum-e. The stupid arm would probably scare the crap out of her whenever it fumbled around. Or she would feel sorry for it and liberate it from its duties. Perhaps he could turn the closet into a rotating carousel? It would hold the same amount of clothes and would turn the terrifying black hole into a cool feature she would no doubt love. But that would be wasted space behind it. Tony stepped back to get a better view of the back wall and deposits the shield on the foot of her bed. There was enough space to add storage units off to the side. Adding built in cubbies and wardrobes would help to store her things and with a little demo, he bet he could have the closet turned into a bathroom.
“There we go.” Tony gives Steve a quick peck on the lips before stepping around him to address Bucky. “Alright Manchurian Candidate, obviously at this time of night I couldn’t exactly run out to Perigold but I’ve got your floor stocked with the basics. Tomorrow we can flesh it out some more. Get you a hang in there poster-“
Mae nods rapidly and scoots to the edge of the couch cushion. She turns to her husband and speaks in a stern voice not looking away from the man. “Ben and I would be VERY happy to join you. Won’t we dear?”
“I’m not backing out. It’s just boys are so rowdy and dirty and when they hit puberty they are constantly humping everything.”
He is cut off when Tony presses their lips together. There’s no pressure, just the gentle touch of lips moving together, sharing the same air. After a minute Tony pulls away and holds up two frames. “Ok. Apple genius?” He holds up a pair of glasses with clear glass and plain black frames. “Or Unabomber?” He holds up a pair of aviator glasses with amber colored lens.
Steve tosses it into the reject pile before sorting through the sheets again. “Is Thor even required to file with the IRS?”
“You can never have too much.” She holds out a folded piece of paper. “Incase you ever need a different kind of support.”
“Pepper and Rhodey will be here at ten. Just like I told you five minutes ago.” Steve answers not looking up.
“Oh now look at you. You are skin and bones honey. Let’s get some food into you.” She immediately marches away from them towards the snack table.
“Anyone ever tell you you’re a pretty good lay?” Tony mumbles as he cards his fingers through blonde locks.
“Papa will read it to you when he gets back.” He stands, pulling Mari with him. He walks them out of his lab and back towards her room. “Lets get you back to bed. And to SLEEP.”
“Yeah. We thought it was because she couldn’t see, turns out she’s just a clutz.” Steve hands Sam the wet dish for him to dry.
“I signed the company over to her for a reason Steeevvveee. And it’s not just that. I am enjoying not having my apartment trashed by those hooligans that call themselves adults.”
There is a yelp and a thud. The two heroes race down the hall, frantic. When they get to the living room Mari is sprawled across her luggage case and holding her head sniffling.
“When I was her age I was fumbling together circuit boards. She’s hacking into complex security systems. We need to make sure that brilliance is harnessed so she can reach her max potential.”
Steve opens his mouth to reply but is cut off by Callaghan’s return. “Sorry to interrupt but we need to put Mari under now. The sooner we replace that catheter the better. We’ll wrap her wrist as well.” She holds up a syringe of what Steve can only assume is anesthesia.
“We have a who and a motive,” says Nat. “Some of the data we recovered we’ve recovered before. From Count Nefaria.”
Natasha adds more torque and his arm is about to snap when the dock begins to tremble. She looks over and sees a chunk of it raise up. As it goes higher she sees that the concrete only goes six inches deep and rest is the top of a lift of some sort. Inside was some hipster sucking through a straw at a brightly colored drink. As the lift comes to the top the hipster doesn’t even look up from his phone as he steps out.
He looks back one more time before taking a seat on the bench and setting the used wipes aside. “Nope.”
“She just got blown up Steve. I don’t think it’ll cause irreversible damage if we spoil her a little.” Tony pushes Bruce’s hands away when the scientist tries to but a disinfectant cream on a cut on his cheek.
“I can do it. I’m a big girl.” She tugs at them one more time before he releases them with a chuckle.
“That is old school. I don’t think I’ve seen one since I visited my grandmother.” Sam tries to stifle his laughter.
“This doesn’t make sense,” Tony says swiping through files. “She was a stay at home mom with no education higher than a GED.”
Captain America loads Strucker into the back of a quinjet to join his fellow HYDRA agents. Once he is restrained the Captain exits the jet and oversees the scene. The Avengers had raided a HYDRA facility and after a surprisingly easy struggle arrested the agents. All of it went down a little too easy for Steve’s liking so he ordered the Avengers to help transfer the prisoners. He glanced around and notices one of his heroes missing.
He gets a better grip on her hand and with that he curls his arm up, lifting her in the air. Mari squeals and her other hand latches onto his grip before she starts swinging her legs forward. He lowers her back until her knees bend. Then when she pushes off he lifts her high back into the air. He swings her up and down as the brownstone he was taking her to comes into sight. They come up to the stairs and he lifts her up over his head before lowering her to the height of the top step. She lets out a giggle as she kicks her legs forward. She stretches out a leg trying to catch the edge of the top stair with her toe. He leans a little forward until she catches and gets a steady footing. As he ascends the steps he keeps a grip of her hands until she’s upright. He knocks on the door and Mari continues to hang from his grip, using her feet as a pivot.
“No.” He pulls her fingers from her hair and envelopes her hand in his. “Pops is just…this is something he needs to take care of.”
“Well let’s just see what happens when I-“ Count Nefaria breaks off his sentence with a yell when the doors burst open with a blast and a shield flies forward to lodge itself into the computer.
Black Widow rolls up to the warehouse and hides her bike behind some crates. She activates her comm and says, “I’ve made it to the coordinates.”
“No!” She ducks behind the island as if she's going around the other side but pops back a second later to make a dash for the elevator.
“That’s the wonderful part of being a superhero. You get shot at a lot but biiiiig chunks of down time. You know, aside from when your team leader is riding your butt with ridiculous amounts of training sessions.” Clint shoots Steve a dirty look.
“The one she was swatting at. Look, you need to keep a closer eye on your little family for the next few months. I caught wind of a hit put out on Stark’s kid.”
“I have CKD. Ch-chronic Kidney Disease.” She puts her shirt back down. “Parents want healthy kids. Not ones that are gonna die in ten years…and I have ADHD. That puts people off a bit.”
Thor sees Mari eyeing him and he turns a broad smile on her. She ducks further behind the back of the couch.
“No! You said you weren’t mad at me!” Her shoulders start to shake and she makes grabbing motions at him.
“They’ve been fighting the decision ever since she was taken away. If they had the money they’d probably go to court. Letting them close will only give them an opportunity to find a way to have our custody revoked.”
Tony chokes on a sob and tries to reach out to him but he still cannot move his limbs. Tears stream down his face. The click of a rifle being cocked draws his gaze back up. The figure has a rifle pointed at his head. He cannot take his eyes off the barrel. Tony knew he would not die of old age. That just was not in the cards for people like him. He knew his final moments would be spent, laid out on the battle field, holding tight to the memory of Steve’s smiling face. There is a niggling at the back of his skull though. He is forgetting something. He closes his eyes and tries to remember what it might be.
Tony pulls his hand away, “I’m gonna stop you right there.” He grabs his shirt and slips his arms through. “Because today, while I was in a goddamn meeting, a man snuck into my tower, and assaulted Mari and Valencia. And by the time I caught on he had Mari at gunpoint and later threw a bomb at her. She got hurt. Badly enough that she’s in fucking surgery!” He jerks the buttons on his shirt through their holes.
Tony turns and breaks into a smile when he sees who is walking towards him. “Mama Rhodes!” He gives her a tight hug before turning onto Rhodey. “Platypus. How was your flight Mama?”
Tony scoops up Mari and they walk in to see the team surrounding the game system. Hulk is towering over Thor with Clint hanging from his neck in a pathetic attempt to stop him from attacking the god.
Steve lets out a huff of a chuckle against the back of his head. “Since we’re up you want to join me in a quick morning work out?”
“I’d be more concerned with the former HYDRA asset with a twitchy trigger finger,” Bucky says as he aims the muzzle at him.
“Either that or my handlers did. I don’t remember a lot from that time, but I know I was still with HYDRA. I don’t know what possessed you to marry me or if it was a cover but I’m guessing my handlers at some point got involved and wiped me. Did I turn on you?”
“Bye.” Bruce waves and watches them leave the lab. When they get back in the elevator he turns back to the data. “Now what does Count Nefaria need with a neuro data translation chip?”
The Count shoots one last glare before folding his arms behind his back and turning to the tech. “Are you at least close?”
“I know,” Ms. Flander says in a breathy sigh before shaking her head. She coughs. “Um, what do you mean by not ‘have to have a closet’?”
“How!?!” Sam lands on one of the buildings overlooking the alley with Steve right behind him. “Okay, next time we find this guy, I vote we stick a tag locator in his wallet or something. If I wanted to spend my time finding some weird white guy in a cityscape I’d break out a Where’s Waldo book. At least that I can do from my couch.”
“Because they didn’t find any evidence of that.” Ms. Flander moves closer and takes Mari's hand. She gives it a squeeze. “They combed the house for any evidence they could find. The evidence shows that it was just a home invasion.”
“I’m pretty sure you’re supposed to be spending time with your daughter during your vacation. Not working.”
Guess who found out she had a week off from school and has furiously been working on fun stuff. Woooo!
The minute the bear makes contact though his head explodes into a cloud of stuffing and glass rains down. She shrieks and falls on her back in surprise as metal shutters slam down on all the windows and exits in the penthouse. Steve pulls Tony to the ground with the other Avengers joining them as the alarm blares and the safety shutters crash down around them.
“We’ve already put a target on her back because of who we are. I need to know if there’s another we can’t see…”
“You never saw me.” She then crawls into the drawer and closes it as best she can from the inside. A bit of her quilt gets caught and Tony watches it get tugged in.
“Yes but if you have the juice you have to eat the kasha crackers instead.” When Mari twists her face into a disgusted grimace he says, “You have a carefully planned diet for a reason young lady, and you can’t live off of apples for your entire life.”
“Calm down. The program is running. Ironman will be ready for his nap in ten minutes. And tip tap? What do you think coding involves?”
He reaches round and pries Mari out from behind him. He walks over to kneel in front of her and sets Mari between them. “Peggy, this is my daughter, Marianna. Mari, this is Peggy Carter. She’s the woman your Dad and I have been telling you about. She’s the reason we got together in fact.”
Steve chuckles. He takes out another bar and the chocolate sauce out of the fridge before preparing the snack on a plate.
“No. The fate of the world depends on the decision we make at this table today.” Tony picks up another stack. “That means nothing but the best.”
When they make it back to the tower, Steve and Tony are still in the training room with the rest of the Avengers. Steve and Natalia are in the boxing ring squaring each other up when they come in. Bucky comes to stand at the edge of the ring next to Clint. Steve sees them come in and smiles right before his face turns to horror. In that moment of distraction, Natasha swoops in and uses a series of kicks and hits to lay him flat on his back.
“Oh.” He takes the toy from the doctor. “Um…well it’s…great having you. I know Steve is over the moon to have you around. He’s been wanting a family for a long time.”
She scans the room but when her eyes look out towards the balcony she takes a step closer to Steve.  At first Bucky thought she was looking outside. After a moment though, he realizes she was watching the reflection of the living room on the glass. She mumbles into the teddy’s head, “In the hall.”
“As long as he keeps his mitts off my cereal.” Sam shoots him a dirty eye before moving his cereal to his other side.
He grabs the camera off the counter and squeezes in between Rhodey and Steve onto the couch. Mari comes running around the end of the couch and climbs back onto Steve’s lap. Mari jiggles the box from Bruce by her ear, listening to the contents move around. Tony leans into Steve’s side and holds up the camera, angling it to fit the three of them in the picture. He smiles and says, “First family groupie!”
“We’re a private facility that handles super-secret projects for the government. So, no. You’d just disappear,” says Tony.
“Oh, um…” Mae turns to point at a crock pot that they had sat down on the floor when they went to embrace Mari.
Happy begins the process all over again as Mari looks up to Steve and Tony and asks, “Do I get a lawyer appointed to me if I can’t afford one?”
He stared at Mari harder to see if anything else would knock loose. Nothing more came. He was grateful though for the small shard he got back. As he leans back he tears his eyes away from Mari and notices that Natasha is watching him. He looks to the TV and tries to ignore the feeling of Natalia's eyes boring into him for the rest of the time.
With a quiet murmur everyone stood. Some of the group broke off to chat in smaller cliches. The woman with the prosthetic leg stands to help Sam put away chairs. Bucky stands to do the same when someone grabs the chair next to him. He watches them out of the corner of his eye as he grabs his chair and another. She was 5’9”. Approximately 150 pounds. Well built. Red hair. Dyed. Threat minimal. He tried to focus on collecting chairs but she kept glancing over at him. His body tensed at the attention.
Aaron snorts from the staircase and Steve has a small smirk. “I’ll just be moving things from upstairs to the car out front ok. Just give a shout if you need me. Be nice.”
Mari tilts her head and stands before making her way to the door. When she reaches up to the handle the door swings open and she jumps back to avoid being trampled by a man in a SHIELD uniform entering the office. They look at each other in surprise.
Bruce hands Tony a couple pain pills and holds out a bottle of water. He frowns when Tony ignores it and swallows the pills dry. He takes off the top and shoves the bottle in his hand anyway.
“Enough, you know my stance on this.” She claps her hands and rubs them together. “Now where is my first grandbaby?”
“Because I want you to know you’re safe here. I know this is all still new and strange to you but you are safe.”
“Please tell me you didn’t also restart the connection to the nanites when you were slacking off.” Nefaria says as he runs to the computer.
“Ég hef aldrei hitt neinn utan mína eigin fjölskyldu sem talaði íslensku!” (I've never met anyone outside my own family who spoke Icelandic!)
“Anything you want Kiddo.” Tony sniffles before taking out his sunglasses and sliding them on his face. Steve does not miss the moisture that had gathered around his eyes. The super husbands each take one of Mari’s hands and they exit the building. They end up talking Mari into shaved ice instead and Mari tells Steve about all the things her and Tony did. Including getting her fit for glasses. Tony had gotten worried when she kept running into the clear glass walls and had to lean in close to read text. After a call to Bruce she had been diagnosed with being, “blind as a bat” and Bruce informed them that worsening eye sight was not uncommon for people with her condition. When Steve and Tony see paparazzi start to gather outside the shop they collect Mari and go back to the tower. After settling in Mari went to playing with her erector set and Steve and Tony watched her from the couch. Tony turns on the TV to the news and curls into Steve’s side.
“Stupid! Stupid! STUPID!” She screams before scrambling out of the bean bag and running under Dr. Krevin’s large oak desk.
“We can take her up now. I’m finished with my initial.” The medic pulls off her gloves with a snap and puts some of her instruments back in the bag.
“Why don't I take Mr. Potty-mouth out to the jet to cool off?” Rhodey steps forward and takes Nefaria by the arm in a bruising grip. “You make sure Hipster Harry here takes care of our guy.”
“Say, now that the squirt is around do you think Stark is going to go even more over the top than he usually does for holidays?”
“Daddy may have said that, but I’m saying it’s time to clean up. Do it please.” Mari heaves a dramatic sigh but picks up the eraser and starts cleaning the window. “Where is your father anyway? Wasn’t he just here? Tony! Jarvis where’s my husband?”
Steve flinches at his harsh tone. “Is that what this is about? The fact I’ve been out looking for Bucky. You don’t have to be jealous pip-“
Steve sighs and hangs his head as realization hits him. “You didn’t tell me because you think I’d say we should help them get custody back.”
“No thanks. I’m a big girl.” She starts to flap her arms up and down and looks to Tony. “Which way? Which way? Which way?”
Steve snakes a hand between them and presses at Tony’s perineum. With his other hand he pulls and pinches at a nipple. The inventor groans and finds himself sinking further down as he almost melts. He sighs in relief when he slips down that last inch, their hips meeting. Steve rubs soothing circles into his soft flanks as he adjusts.
“Thank you Aunt Peggy.” Mari steps forward to wrap her arms around her and Peggy returns the gesture, rubbing small circles into her back.
“You know you can’t hide from Pepper and her paperwork forever. Or I guess it is technically YOUR paperwork.”
“You eat all this? Everyday?” He looks over at Steve as he puts a few more slices of bacon on the platter.
As Bucky grabs some drinks he sees Sam pull a cereal box out of the pantry with Sam in full uniform on it.
“She has a very serious condition Buck. We have to watch what she eats. Now Kiddo, how about I sprinkle in a little cinnamon. Huh?” He waggles his eyebrows at her.
“Are you sure? Because Pym dresses up like an ant and his obsession with the creatures is a little kookoo.”
“Why don’t you come out from under there?” Steve says. He waits but she does not move. “Come on. I know you are awake.”
“And the computers at the hospital. And taking apart the toaster at the group home, and the nurse’s pager, and-“
“Yeah I know. I’ve got dark roast running through my veins.” Tony reaches over and opens his mouth to take a bite of the sandwich. He pauses and decides to check it. It had layers of ham and Swiss with lettuce. He smiles at the remnant of a happy face drawn on it with chipotle sauce. Deciding it was somewhat safe, he takes an experimental bite. No funny flavours. He eats half the sandwich in a few large bites before setting it down and moving to the bathroom. On the way to the shower he passes Steve who gives his ass a pinch. Tony gives him a wink before turning on the water. “So what’s on the schedule today?”
“…do you know what this is?” Steve picks up his shield from the end of the bed and holds it up for her to see.
“We’ll enroll her in one of the schools nearby and get her into a science club or something. I don’t know. But I don’t want her to grow up like I did.”
He shoots out the door after her. “And skip!” He watches her transition from a run to skipping. He sighs and turns to go to his bedroom to change clothes himself. He flinches when he hears her cast hit the ground again. “Mari?”
The doctor frowns at Tony a second more before plastering his sickening smile back on. He turns to Mari and holds out a brightly colored toy mushroom. “Marianna why don’t you explain the rules for when we’re in our trust circle.”
Meanwhile Mari swings open her bedroom door and runs in. Tony hurries after her. He wonders if he made iron boots for her if the weight would slow her down any. He comes in to find her digging through a drawer for pants. She holds up a pair that are bright turquoise with gawdy colored striping along the cuffs. Tony hated them but Mari and Steve were in love. Although, he suspected Steve only liked them because he knew his husband’s taste in fashion.  She ran to another drawer and pulls out a t-shirt in a similar shade with a rainbow colored atom emblazoned on the front. She turns and holds the articles of clothing up for his approval.
To his shock though, Mari stops pulling at her hair and turns, giving him a blank look. He stares back for a moment before clearing his throat and speaking quieter.
“He was mean, and big, and scary! What more do you need to know!?!” Mari’s voice rose with every word and at the end she puffed out her cheeks in a pout.
“Hold it right there.” Tony snaps, coming around the other side of the desk to glare at the therapist. “I don’t care how many degrees you have on your wall or how loud she cries, you will not let her think for an instant we would return her like some glitchy electronic!” He holds out his hand to Mari. “Come on, Kiddo. We’re cutting your appointment short today.”
“Him again?” Tony groans. “I thought the Maggia would have kicked him out when we kicked his butt. Why are they still letting him use their resources?”
Tony pulls her back a little and runs his hands over her head and over her body. “No. I think she’s alright.”
“Like a hit out on Steve?” asks Clint. “That’s the only thing I can think of that would lure him out of hiding.”
The new family is sitting at the breakfast bar. Tony and Steve have finished their food and the scientist is on his second cup of coffee. Steve is reading the morning paper and Tony is reading the electronic -version on his tablet. Mari sits between them poking at her food.
“Speaking of which,” says Ms. Flander as she hands Tony a thick file. Steve and Mari turn. “This is everything you need to know about her health conditions. You’ve already gone through training about how to work her dialysis machine but that has a current list of all her medications and numbers to her doctors. Read it and follow it closely.”
“I met Harri Osborne in the dressing rooms…she said Starks and Osbornes are supposed to hate each other.”
“He doesn’t need to be shuffling around an empty apartment by himself. It would be good for Bucky to be up here. With us.”
Steve groans and takes Natasha’s offered hand. When he is on his feet again, he rushes to the side of the ring. “What happened to your face!?! And why are you covered in blood!?!”
“Wait. Everyone lives in this building?” She looks down at the floor. “There’s an Avenger right below us?”
“Did you have a lot of decent data to look at when you made some of the biggest breakthroughs in technology?”
“I’m sorry, short stack.” He picks up a slice of french bread that has smoked salmon on it. He gives it a sniff and takes a bite. Not bad. He then ruffles her hair. “But don’t worry. You won’t be sick forever and when you get better you can have all the junk food you want.”
“Let me take her.” Clint takes Mari from Tony and props her on his hip. “I can teach you sign language.” He slips her glasses off the front of Tony’s shirt and puts them on her face. As he heads towards the door they hear him say, “We’ll start with F and U.”
Tony frowns. Maggie. The woman that he could hardly find any information on. Tony was about to ask who she was when Mae came back with two thick scrap books.
She stares at the wall but only hears the shuffle of movement in the next room. With a yawn, she slides out of bed and stumbles to the door. She pulls it open and peeks out into the hall.
With slow, exaggerated movements he reaches forward and wiggles her foot. He digs away some of the dirt and when he pulls off her shoe her foot slips free allowing her to scramble away. She presses her back against a tree and stares at him. The stranger reaches to hold out her shoe to her. She stares at his outstretched hand and notices that the fingers poking out of his fingerless glove are silver and metallic rather than flesh. He follows her gaze and quickly puts the shoe on the ground at her feet. When he backs away she grabs her shoe and slips it on, trying to take her eyes off him as little as possible.
“People like me don’t deserve one. Besides I gave you pretty much all the pertinent information I had in that folder. I don’t even know who put out the hit yet.”
“I’m already up.” Steve stretches his arms above his head and goes to the closet to put on some comfortable clothes. On his way out the door he tosses their discarded clothes into the hamper, except Steve’s ripped tee which ends up in the waste basket. Steve came back in soon after with a cold compress and lays it along his husband’s tail bone. Tony leans up for a kiss and Steve obliges before leaving.
“All teenagers have hormones Steve; at least in girls we can combat it with chocolate. As for the periods….well….we can ask Pepper.”
Tony jerks awake with a gasp. He grips at Steve’s arm as his husband whispers assurances in his ear. When his quick breaths even out, Steve loosens his arm.
“Not anymore,” says a rather large little shit. The three bigger boys start walking away, and that’s when Bucky sees the toy robot the leader is carrying.
“Don’t Tony me! I don’t care who it is or why! Anyone puts a bullet THAT close to my kid’s head I’m putting one in there’s. What if she had moved Steve!?! Slipped into the shot!?!” He glares at Bucky. “Did you think of that? Did it even occur to you that your amazing marksmanship could have been flawed?”
Steve chuckles and says, “We really just want to make sure you’re ok. I mean, we wouldn’t want you to be sick for the party.”
“Well…” He drummed his fingers on her leg while he thought of his answer. “I cared for Peggy deeply. I was content to spend the rest of my life with her but I couldn’t bring myself to be…” He blushes as he scrambles for a way to try and word this. How on Earth did they go from I spy to this horrible minefield? “…attracted to her. Does that make sense?”
Nat is the first one to pull away. She stands and pulls out a small compact. As she fixes her hair and dries her cheeks she says, “I should get back out there before Clint accosts another poor waiter.” Once she’s back to her prim self, with slightly redder eyes, she snaps the compact shut and puts it away. “You should go out and fill Captain Nosey in. I’m sure he’s jumping out of his skin waiting for you.”
Bucky reached over and pulled her against his chest, squeezing her tight. “They didn’t take it away. You kept it safe for me all this time. You survived. For me.”He buries his face in her hair and takes a deep breath. He shuts his eyes when he feels them start to get wet. “I’m not going to lie, what I have right now, it’s only fragments. Memories I almost remember. And if we spent as long together as you say then I know there is a lot more that I’m missing. But I do know that I risked HYDRA’s wrath. I risked my handlers’ punishments, going back into that wretched fridge for another fifty years. I risked it all because I apparently loved you so much, even a little bit of happiness was worth the suffering. It’s not your fault for running. I told you to run because knowing you had escaped would be enough for me. I was an important asset. A machine they could reboot. They would have killed you. Horribly. If you hadn't made it out I wouldn’t have survived.”
When she got close she leaps off the bike and into an unprepared goon. Before he has hit the ground she snaps his neck between her thighs. Her bike skids into half of the others and she opens fire. A goon comes up behind her, swinging a baton. She moves out of its path and hits him with the butt of her weapon. As he stumbles back she puts another goon in a head lock and uses her leverage to force him to shoot the stumbling idiot. She snaps his neck when she is done and chucks the empty rifle at a goon that has his gun aimed at her. He squeezes the trigger as he falls back. The bullet grazes her shoulder but she doesn’t slow down. There are two more and they try to keep their distance but she rushes forward at the closest one. He lashes out with his baton but she dodges each swing and hits him with two widow bites to the solar plexus. As he falls to the ground she swipes his baton and throws it at the last man’s head. He dodges out the way with a roll, picking up a gun along the way. She sees what he is doing half way through the motion and reaches for her own gun. She gets it halfway up when her opponent aims his gun and the pop of a gunshot goes off. She expects to feel the searing pain of a bullet but nothing comes. The last of her pursuers fall. She looks around at the surrounding rooftops and catches a glint of metal before it disappears. She glances back at the body with a frown.
“For some reason everyone has decided our floor is the communal floor.” Tony says and then mumbles into his coffee, “As if free rent wasn’t enough…”
Bruce brings up a new file from the batch. As he scans over the information and schematics he furrows his brow. “Maybe Steve isn’t the one with a hit out on him…” He then brings up another set of files from a past data recovery. He selects the two files he wants and projects them to the center of the table. “Does anyone see the difference between these two schematics?”
Steve wraps an arm around his husband and pulls him close. He buries his face in the gelled brown hair. “She’ll be okay Tony.”
“You mean aside from my pride!?! Well I’m trying to seal up a hole in my security I didn’t even know was there and Jarvis continues to blare the Pokemon theme song every time someone says or spells “Gotcha”!”
Tony hisses when Bruce applies a cold compress to his side. He turns back to Valencia, “Take a vacation for a few weeks. Courtesy of Stark Industries. Paid leave and tickets for where ever you want to go.”
“You’re going to get caught before you can hack through my security.” Natasha glances over her shoulder to see him smirking. “When the guards find you your program won’t even-WHAT!?!” He stares at the screen in horror as the desktop shows up. “H-how!?!”
Steve pulls the hood of the towel up over Mari’s head and wraps the towel around her. He runs his hands along her shoulders and arms to sop up the water on her skin.
Steve sighs and looks defeated. When he looks up though and sees Mari resting against Tony he looks between him and the holograms on the table. “Should she really be around for this?”
Janet jumps and turns in his direction. “Oh! Captain! Yes, just experiencing some communication issues.”
“Then they’d buy some bug spray!” He jerks out of Nefaria’s hold and glares him. “Don’t get your cape in a twist! I reset the connection and I’m waiting for it to reconnect. Should be up in a while. With all your money you could have thrown a few extra bucks at your internet provider you know.” He walks over to the bottle and returns to prying the lid off. “How do you even know it’s offline? I thought I told you to stop hovering.”
“Thank you.” She reaches into her pocket and pulls out some bills. She holds them out and claps his hand with her own when he reaches out. “God bless.” She nods and walks in the direction he pointed.
“Don’t put yourself out.” She continues down the road between the buildings. She wanders as her sharp eyes scan over her surroundings. All the while Clint babbles in her ear.
Steve sighs and goes over to the table. He lifts up the table cloth and finds Mari stuffing the tail end of something into her mouth. “Is that chocolate on the corner of your mouth?”
Nat turns back to Steve and rolls her eyes at his dumbfounded expression. “Get used to it Cap. There’s already a pool for when she’ll lose her first tooth.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Of course she will.” He turns back to the social worker. “Aside from getting the rest of her stuff, what else do we need to get from you?”
“Well I mean…” Steve shifts from foot to foot for moment before taking a deep breath and straightening his back. “With everything that’s happened we thought-“
“I'll take care of this one while you work on that,” Natasha says as she steps forward to take the tech away.
“That’s what this chip does right?” she asks. “It translates neor-neu-brain stuff into digital data that can be displayed.”
“Hey!” Mari says as she comes over to where the bullies are playing. When they look up, she says, “Give him back his toy.”
“Because you don’t need me in your life Stevie. Not anymore. You have a husband, a kid. You’re a modern family man now. You don’t need a decommissioned soldier from the past to drag you down. I’m still too dangerous.”
Tony arches an eye brow but takes a gulp. He turns back to Mari who is still crying while the machine gives a low hum and Steve holds her arm still. “Once everything settles down I’ll get you a new stuffed animal. You want a big one?”
The chirping starts up again and is cut off with another beep. Mari watches as the looming figure moves to the window and disappears out it. She does not dare move. She stays under the bed and tries her best to muffle her sobs into the carpet.
Steve sets the punch bowl down and turns to the freezer. He pulls out the slush mix and pours more into the bowl. He glances up when he sees Natasha saunter over and lean against the counter opposite him.
“I’ll be by in a week to check on things. In the meantime, if you have any questions you have my contact information. Marianna, a moment?” She meets Mari halfway and kneels down speaking in a whisper. “Marianna, they have the means to give you everything you need here. You know how hard it is to find a family that can do that. Don’t mess it up with these ones too.”
“Hey! Knock it off!” Steve says as he walks over to the table with Mari’s porridge. “You want me to put you two in the naughty corner? Cause I will!”
“Oh well, if you want to speed up the process I can help you with that.” Tony says as he pushes Bruce off the seat with his hip until Tony is the one in front of the screen.
“You mean Stark’s brat right? Hey just between us, she’s an android right? Like they wanted a kid so Stark Pinocchioed it and whipped her up in his lab. Been reading the things they’ve been posting about her on Youbook. No way is a five year old that smart unless she’s some sort of freak.”
“Upstairs, seventy fifth floor. Elevator is down and the east stairs have been closed off. You’ll have to use the west ones.”
“Go to bed. We’ll come to tuck you in, in a sec.” Tony kisses her head one more time before going to the table.
“Oh. I mean. No. I am heart broken. I will never heal from such an assault to…um…my…um…sensitivities…” She stares at a rotating desk ornament on Pepper’s desk. “Can I play with your weird Ferris wheel toy?”
The man glances behind him and shuts the door. “I thought Stark was never here,” he says not looking down.
“I’m not saying that! She’s upset! I’m trying to settle her down!” Tony says, his voice rising in volume.
“Jarvis? Jarvis!?!” Tony tries to move his limbs but they remain steadfast. Why did he make the suit so goddamn heavy? He grunts as he fights against the pressure.
“Well this is going better than expected,” she says. “So far we’ve managed not to scar her for the rest of her life and Thor finally has someone to tell his glory stories to.”
Steve’s arms tighten around him. When Tony’s tongue slides along the seam of his mouth he opens up and lets his tongue slip in along his. Steve had not been allowed a lot of normal moments in his life, and neither had Tony. But they were still afforded little ones like this. Short moments where they could just bask in touches and kisses. Forget about their chaotic life for a couple minutes.
“HOWLETT!?!” Steve shushes him. “The most and only unfriendly Canadian to ever exist? YOU slept with HIM!?!”
“But I had it-” He shuts his mouth at Nat's glare. “Come here Kiddo.” He waves her over and sits her in his lap before trading her drink for the controller. “Ok. Here are the controls…”
“I don’t know if you noticed,” Steve continues. “But when she was crying to go home just now, it wasn’t me she called for. It was you. She wouldn’t do that if she thought you couldn’t protect her.”
Steve goes to the jet and finds Sam and Janet talking in hushed tones, staring at the screens in the cockpit.
“She’s doing well. She seems happy. Her condition hasn’t worsened but we’ve had to change to hemodialysis.”
“What about this?” Tony asks as he creates an opening in the layers of clothes to show the shirt he is holding up for Mari.
“Trying to skip the middle man and talk to your inner demons the techy way?” Tony asks as his eyes scan the screen.
Pepper, Sam, and Rhodey fall back into their seats and Happy goes to get himself and Pepper a drink, grumbling about heroes and their flashy entrances. Steve pets Mari’s hair and tells her everything is okay as she tightens her death grip on his shirt. Tony marches towards the entrance with his hands balled into fists as Clint jumps into view launching confetti into the air and a speaker strapped to his hip.
Bucky was going to kill someone. He had been experiencing fragments of memories for the last two weeks that he couldn’t make heads or tails of. And each time one showed up, it tore through his head leaving a headache behind. The only thing he could work out was Natalia was somehow involved. Bucky would glance over at her, or she would make a simple gesture and the pain would spike and he’d see a ghost image of a memory. Why she kept setting it off? He had no idea. When were they from? Fuck if he knew. He knew he had met Natalia before. He had a vague recollection of shooting her to get to a target. And then of course that whole SHIELD/HYDRA SNAFU. But he had no idea where they would have met up before that. Or in between. What did he know? And it wasn’t like the gestures setting off the memories were aggressive. Nothing was ever set off when he watched her fight. Nothing when she was weapons training. It was just domestic shit. Her leaning against a railing, her jumping onto the couch and knocking shoulders with Clint, her reading the newspaper. The closest he got to a combat flashback with her was one time when he saw her cleaning her gun.
“You want to know why the tower is down?” Tony asks, turning indignant. “The tower is down because the system I have spent countless hours and millions of dollars on making unhackable GOT HACKED!”
Then men stare at each other. In the next heartbeat, the agent pulls out his gun and fires. Tony dives out the way and fires at the same time. The man stumbles back dragging Mari with him. She screams when the man fires at Tony again. Tony drops to the ground and feels the ripple of air as the bullet whizzes past, above his head. He knows this fight would be going much different if the man was not trying to walk backwards up the stairwell with a struggling child. The man catches himself against the wall when his foot does not quite make it up a step. Tony uses the momentary pause to launch himself at the other man. They all fall to the ground and Tony grabs at the man’s wrist pointing the barrel away from his face. It goes off in the struggle and Mari screams in fright. Tony grunts when he gets a punch to the solar plexus and returns the favor by punching the man with his gloved hand. The man groans, dazed.
“She has an eidetic memory. Your statement will still be intact in a couple hours.” With that he nods for the medic to walk ahead and follows after.
“Probably because we’ve been looking for him. We didn’t make the connection before because our information was apparently outdated. Chameleon is a master of disguise and in recent years he has been using a device that almost puts his disguises on the level of shapeshifter. And apparently he’s upgraded said device.” Natasha pulls out one of the photos of the buckle that was in the folder. Then she taps at the table top and an image of Agent Not-an-agent is displayed in front of him. She zooms in on the man’s belt buckle.
He gives Steve a mock glare. “I ask you to watch our daughter for twenty minutes and you have her doing things like-” He fakes a tremble in his voice. “Like eat a well balanced meal with all the nutrients her growing little kidney impaired body needs? I trusted you.”
Steve continues to stare down at the alley. Then he looks closer at the neighborhood around them. Suddenly he’s flashed back to a second life. A life where two boys caught wind of a speakeasy with the best moonshine in town and decided to have a night on the town. They had come on the same night as the cops and spent a lot of it running. Well Bucky did. Steve didn’t make it very far before he was thrown over Bucky’s shoulder. Without another word he urged his bike up and away.
“No, Barton and his viral plague carrying ass is the reason she got sick.” Tony sighs. “You think I could convince Steve to let me turn the entrance hall into a decontamination chamber?”
He always hated therapists. He hated talking about his feelings. They were his feelings he did not need to pay some quack to tell him what he was feeling. But he was not going to pull Mari out of care she may need because he was emotionally stunted. This Dr. Krevin was a psychiatrist who worked with the state and ran a small practice. He did not have any complaints or suits filed against him but the reviews were ho-hum. Tony would have rather sent her to a therapist him and Steve had vetted but Bruce was concerned that changing therapists could hinder any progress she had made with the current one.
Mari looks up from examining the red plastic tag etched with a cursive M. The shirt Tony is holding up is a deep pink with a glittering metallic butterfly and tuffs of pink tulle attached to the bottom. She scrunches up her face and says, “It’s pink.”
Mae kneels down and reaches a hand out to stroke her hair only to stop when Mari flinches. She reaches out again but moves slower. She runs her hand through the frizzy hair. “Look at you. You’ve gotten so big since we last saw you. How have you been Mami?”
Clint accelerates and comes around the corner to see the man scoop up a trash can lid. He then flings it against the wall where it ricochets off the brick and into Sam’s face.
Steve blushes a couple shades darker. “I DO NOT-” He snaps his jaw shut and looks around. Then he leans over to whisper, “You remember Howlett?”
“Of course Kiddo.” Tony walks over and laces her up, unable to stop his grin from spreading wider. She is capable of multiplying 145.62 times 89.74 in her head but still stuffs the laces in her shoes if someone does not help her tie them. It was the little things like this that reminded him that no matter how intelligent she was, she was still just a little girl. His little girl. He had just come to terms with the fact he was someone’s father. No way was he letting her slip through his fingers. He was going to be a good dad, he already had a grade A example of what not to do.
“Some things still need to come first.” Steve reaches a hand over to the night stand drawer and digs around.
Steve stands in front of him with an expression he hasn’t seen since Bucky accidently said fuck in front of Mrs. Waterman and her three kids.
Tony thinks to himself as he punches the man again, feeling the nose break under his fist. The man returns with a punch to Tony’s side. It winds him and he gets a punch to the face, throwing him to the side. The man gets up and delivers a swift kick to Tony’s stomach. He then unclips a small spherical device from his belt. He hits a button in the center of it and tosses it up the center of the stairwell. He rushes back and hugs the wall a second before there is a thunderous boom that sprays apart the stairs above them.
“Wait,” Bruce says in a hissed whisper. “You’re not just going to leave her alone with me are you!?!”
“I don’t want to go to the doctors,” says Mari as she hops down from the bench and stomps her foot. “They just tut around and don’t ever have anything good to say. Last time I went they put a tube in my tummy!”
“-had my kid, Hill! My kid! And then he fucked up Jarvis, all because YOU had a hole in your security!”
His limbs feel like they were weighed down by led. He can’t move. He’s encased in darkness. Is he in the suit?
He stands, taking Mari’s suitcase in hand, and leading them towards the elevators with Tony a few steps ahead. As they pass the front desk, a man in a black suit steps in front of them and turns to Ms. Flander.
“No I don’t. Because after tonight, Stark will be no more.” He types a few more commands as the doors start to squeal.
Tony looks between the suitcase and the backpack on her shoulders with a frown. The suitcase is large but with the dialysis machine in it there cannot be much room for anything else.
“Tony Stark was a prime target for HYDRA. It was always expected that one day they’d send me out to drag him to that hell hole. I had to read a dossier every few years on him.”
He hears a grumbled reply come from under the bed. He kneels down and heaves a sigh of relief when he sees Mari curled up around her stuffed dragon.
When Mari enters the living room she finds Tony sitting on the couch with his head leaned back and his eyes closed. His arms were crossed tightly across his chest, his knuckles white. She ran and leaped, landing on the cushion next to him with a bounce. “Daddy!”
“Her exact words were ‘get your lazy butt down here before I come up there and drag you away by your self indulgent Hawkeye underwear’.”
Tony glances back at the dosiere in his hand and stares at the pictures of kids in a very clinical looking classroom.
“Da minn og frændi eru íslenska. Þeir sögðu mér sögur allan tímann.” (My Da and Great Uncle are Icelandic. They told me stories all the time.)
“Calm down, Count. I still got most of the data you needed.” The bald man narrows his ice blue eyes into a glare and folds his arms.
“No Steve. The cherry on the sundae is all this was done by a five year old.” Steve heard a thump. Most likely Tony’s forehead hitting the table.
“Ragh!” Sam is made to tilt and his wings clip on the side of the walls sending him careening into a dumpster. “Ugh. Fuck you Barnes!”
“Damn right you’re not.” Tony clenches causing Steve to tighten his grip. “Now what was that about pounding I heard earlier?” He circles his hips.
“Gosh darn? Dang it? Listen to yourself! Soon you’ll have us saying things like ‘the bee-knees’ or ‘gee willikers’,” Clint says.
“Look the kid may have damaged something but she couldn’t destroy it. Not with a fucking teddy bear. And even if it loses connection with the main control unit,” he motions to the large computer. “It is programmed to still carry out its primary functions. Including to hide itself.”
They watch as she runs past them and shouts, “Jarvis! Get away elevator! Get away! Elevator!” She rounds the corner as the doors slide open. But instead of running into freedom she barrels straight into a pair of legs and falls back on her butt.
Steve slides his hands down Tony’s body to grip the meat of his ass. Then with a swift jerk he lifts him up so the inventor’s legs are forced to wrap around him. “Oh? That’s a first. I think becoming a Daddy is a good influence on you.” He walks them towards the bed.
Mari stood in front of the doors and rocked back and forth on her heels.	She didn’t understand why her parents were acting so weird. They had been hiding something from her since yesterday. She didn’t know what but it was something big. They would whisper to each other when they thought she wasn’t paying attention with frowns but when she’d ask them about it they’d just say it was a surprise with a smile plastered on their faces. She didn’t like surprises. The last time she got a surprise a cps agent said she wouldn’t be going home again. This new surprise felt like it was eating a hole in her stomach. There were a million thoughts as to what it could be. Or who. What little information they gave her pointed it to being a person or people. As her head raced with possible scenarios she tugs at her hair. She’s starting to wish she had grabbed Bucky Bear first.
“That’s what you pay me for,” Happy said as he waved the wand over Ms. Flander’s raised arms and her other limbs. When it beeps over her wrist she jerks her sleeve up to reveal her watch. Happy moves onto a pat down. As he steps away and Mari hops closer, holding her arms out.
“But not if it was someone he trusted.” Sam logged in and brought up the files Chameleon stole. “And it couldn’t be anyone too close because it might slip out that they had been switched.”
Steve walks over, picks up Mari, and puts her on the ground facing the hallway with a little more force than necessary. “Marianna. Go to bed.”
As Bucky puts the salt and pepper on the table Steve asks, “Mari, what do you want me to add to your porridge?”
As Steve throws salt on the fire, freezing fire retardant is spewed across the stove, counter, and Captain, leaving a coating of ice crystals over everything. Steve stands there, rigid. Mari looks between the men and begins to sink into her seat. Tony bites down on his lip to stifle a laugh as Steve turns to face him with a small frown. At the sight of Steve’s ice coated figure, Tony bursts into a fit of giggles. Steve smirks and pulls the brunette flush against him. He then runs his hand through his hair to dislodge the crystals and cause them to rain down on Tony.
Just then, his phone beeps with a message. He looks down at the S.O.S alert and bolts for the stairwell doorway, Pepper yelling after him. He ignores her and shoots through the door. He takes the stairs two at a time. He made it halfway up when he hears a door open followed by hushed voice.
“It was just a love tap. And she’s not even paying attention,” he says as he motions over to the preschooler with her nose in the other cook book.
“A little rough housing doesn’t justify bashing his face in! Or biting a chunk out of his hand! He is going to have a scar!”
“It’s a defeatist attitude like that, that prevents you from getting laid.” She walks down between the warehouses letting her sharp eyes roam over the grungy walls.
Steve lets out the breath he was holding as Natasha comes up to his side and asks, “You said three were injured. Who’s the third?”
Tony looks up and while this figure also has a mess of brown hair, it is much closer to the ground and wears large, familiar glasses.
He forces a smile onto his face. The jacket is a little thick for the current weather but he does not have the heart to make her open the door again. They can just hold it if she gets hot and at least it is black. Black goes with everything. “Looks good. Need help getting changed?”
“Boy I hope so.” Steve surges forward pressing Tony into the small partition separating shoes and accessories from Tony’s clothes. He ducks his head and sucks at a spot over the pulse in Tony’s neck and slots his leg in between the genius’ thighs. He smirks when Tony grinds against his leg and moans.
“Aye! Natasha and Lady Potts told me that while the scoundrel was distracted our young warrior snuck a ‘Medusa’ and a ‘Euryale’ onto his file device.”
“So are you going to tell me why Steve wants us to talk or are we just going to stand here and eat Clint’s food?” Nat asks.
“I think sending her to a school that only offers three foreign languages rather than four isn’t going to hinder her from doing that.”
“Is this really the behavior of someone who wants to stay out of the system?” Dr. Krevin says, raising his voice to be heard over her wailing.
“It took him two hours to show up after he lost him at Central Park. Captain America doesn’t give up until he crashes into the ocean.” He goes to the elevator that connects the Avenger’s tactical room to his lab, rubbing Mari’s back in soothing circles.
It breaks Steve’s heart. They should have done this sooner. Much sooner. He had thought she was doing well with them but by the looks of it, she hadn’t been as well as he thought. A fact that he thought was being addressed in her therapy sessions. That was next on his list.
“Okay one: that turned out to be an elaborate plan to set their daughter up with some egg. Anybody like THAT, that wants to marry my baby, can fucking fight me.” The curse jingle goes off and Steve gets up to stuff a dollar bill in the jar. “Two: One of them was a frog.” He picks up a sheet and holds it out. “What about this one? It has a computer science program and most of their graduates get accepted into MIT.”
Steve nods. He should not really be surprised. The amount of information they had been given consisted of mostly her medical information, past incidents with foster families, and the reason she had been removed from her great Aunt and great Uncle. The rest of her information was annoyingly either missing from their databases or stashed away in some unorganized archive on paper. It had driven the inventor up a wall when he had tried to look into Mari’s family history. Steve supposed he now knew why his husband had seemed to have dropped the issue overnight.
She arms the grenade and shoots to her feet. In the same instance she tosses the grenade up and hits it with the pipe. She ducks back down but the sound of glass shattering tells her she hit her target. Then it goes off. In the confusion she pulls out her firearm and shoots into the window she saw the other shooter. Her mark slumps forward causing his rifle to fall out of the window. With her weapon holstered, she then goes to her bike and examines it. The back tire has lost pressure but the rung inside it seems undamaged which should give her enough stability to make it to a safe point.
As Tony starts to relax against him a ring comes from Tony’s pocket. He slips his phone out and swipes the accept button.
Steve throws his shield and takes out two HYDRA agents. He catches the shield on the rebound. Before the other agents have a chance to change their fire he punches one in the jaw and hits the other in the face with the front of his shield. He sees the jet Hawkeye, Wasp, and a handful of SHIELD agents are trying to defend and runs towards it. “Any agents caught in the blast?”
“Yeah, I could tell that by how you shove your tongue down his throat whenever the kid’s not in the room.”
Tony goes still. He knows that tone. He looks over his shoulder at him suspicious. “Is there something I’d rather do?”
“Aren’t you?” Tony glares at him. “That would be the right thing to do and you’re all about ‘doing the right thing’.”
Steve looks straight at Tony when Bruce says the word nightmares. Tony couldn’t even close his eyes lately without being tormented by inner demons. He had noticed the nightmares were appearing more often but Steve had attributed that to stress and Tony’s anxiety. He had been looking at natural causes. Not…whatever this was.
“Just to let you guys know, the squirts relatives are visiting so the penthouse is off limits today.” Clint hops up on the edge of the table and swipes a handful of popcorn from the bowl Bruce was munching on.
The man chuckles and rubs at the bridge of his nose. “That’s um…yeah. Okay. I’m a friend of Captain Rogers.”
“Well,” Sam says slowly. “To answer your questions my wings are made of titanium and a material called Mylar and they’re solar powered.”
“Go get patched up. Pepper and I can handle everything here. And if you don’t go I’ll just keep pinching you until you do.” Natasha says, ending her sentence with a pinch to his side.
“Can you stop the nanites?” The Captain asks. He turns his head back to the Count when the man starts laughing.
Silence follows but Natasha continues to stare at him with a smirk. Tony tries to ignore her but starts fidgeting after a few moments. “You know I can get you an autographed picture if you want. It’ll last longer. Unfortunately it doesn’t get my hot smolder across as well.”
“Because they wouldn’t let us.” Ben sits forward. “They were always moving her around, changing her social worker. By the time we received any information, if we received it at all, it was already out of date.”
“Kiddo?” Steve asks, coming close to help her sit up and take off her backpack. “What happened? Did you trip?”
Steve chuckles and sets Mari down on the ground. “Go get the first one.” He turns and calls over his shoulder. “Come on Tony! Grab the camera too.”
Mari glances at each of them before pulling the top book closer and flipping through the pages. She pauses halfway through and turns the book towards the two adults. “This one.”
“EVEN MORE!?!” Tony twists to glare at him. “SHIT!” He twists forward again and wraps an arm around his torso.
“The famous people channel says you and Captain Rogers are looking to adopt. The spit up stain on your shirt says you’re looking at babies.”
