So he stayed awake  and thought. He rested his elbows on the table and steepled his hands  in front of his mouth, much the way Sherlock did when deep in thought.  It didn't help John think, but it did help John remember Sherlock's  slender hands and delicate fingers. It summoned Sherlock to the  forefront of his thoughts and when John closed his eyes, he felt as if  Sherlock were sitting across the table from him in the same pose. He  would do that for minutes at a time.
The car lazily drifted to the side of the road and  came to a halt. The doors unlocked sharply. The driver exited the  vehicle. John followed the man with his eyes as he circled around to  John's door.
John gathered a blanket up around Rosie’s shoulder and kissed his palm and planted it on her forehead. She didn’t stir. He straightened and left the room, keeping the door cracked open. “How’s your cab driver look?” he asked Sherlock.
Sherlock ignored the comment. "I find it interesting that you're not focused on marriage as strongly as I suspected you would, but on having a baby. Is it the traditional family unit that you're attracted to? Or…just…passing on your genetic material?"
John swallowed audibly. Across the room, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson and Molly watched the little family drama climax.
Sherlock paused in his writing, looking perturbed at being interrupted. "Considering its three am, the only time I can have peace and privacy while I work, I assumed everyone would be asleep, so naturally,
. But I forgive him. That doesn't make what he did right. It just means I forgive him. I wasn't ready to forgive him before, but now I am. As the wronged party, it's my prerogative to be as angry as I want for as long as I want. Except being angry and miserable and regretful is quite frankly exhausting. I want my life back. All of it. I'm ready to accept John back in my life." Sherlock looked at the screen. "Except he never answers his phone."
It was automatic. It was instinctual. Sherlock knew from experience he couldn't interact with the past, that no one could hear him or see him, but he called out for John the moment he saw him. Because he desperately wanted to look at John as much as possible, and John was facing the opposite direction at that moment, taking a leisurely stroll down Baker Street, headed home by the looks of it.
John hesitated, then began to back up slowly. At the threshold of the kitchen, he whispered back to Sherlock, “I can’t see anyone .”
? After that phone call?" He sucked in a lungful of air like a man who'd been drowning. "Where have you
like penis, too." He shrugged. "Just give me a round of applause. You think that's the first thought I want strangers to have of me? I don't see how telling complete strangers, or even people I know, that I'm attracted to men…or even that…I fantasize about…about…certain types of sex acts…that…I don't see how that makes a me a better person." He scowled in disgust. "Its not fair. Its
Inside the flat, John took both their coats and hung them up while Sherlock flopped on the couch. John took his place in the arm chair and rested his head back and was asleep within a few minutes, but Sherlock remained awake, looking up at the ceiling.
John  recoiled, his jaw tensing. "You know what? She's not a fucking leper.  She's my girlfriend. And I like her. And you don't get to tell me what's  important. Maybe I want to put her first for once. Except every text  message from you sounds like a terrorist attack. Today it's a bloody car  accident. Tomorrow it might be…you're too lazy to move from your chair  and you need me to come home to put on tea. So fucking excuse me for  being bent out of shape..."
Sherlock held his head high, even though his will and dignity were in a puddle at his feet. “I can offer my life-long gratitude and nothing else.”
She jerked up and reached for her purse on the floor to find the phone. This distressed Toby, who leapt off her lap with an indignant, raspy mew.
Mrs. Hudson  had burst through the door, waving a mini rainbow flag merrily, smiling  big. "Boys! Boys! Wait for me."
...who was this man?  Anything else, John reasoned. Anything else would have been okay.  Make-up, lingerie, ridiculous outright sassy behavior, anonymous  hook-ups, flirting, any number of embarrassing behaviors…John would have  been okay with that. But not this.
"Yes," Sherlock finally admitted. Then he frowned. "No." He looked up almost defiantly. "No, I didn't do it to hurt you. I didn't." He shook his head. "I mean, I knew it would hurt you. But I didn't do it
Sherlock said defensively, “You worked very hard to become a doctor and rather than start a practice here at home, you went to war and exposed yourself to danger for no other reason than to support your country. It’s nothing I ever would have done myself. Your courage is startling and your selflessness remarkable. You’re taller than me by
Chatterjee smoothed his plump hands down his stained apron and snorted suspiciously. “You’re in a good mood. What’s
Until now. Until John. John…Sherlock thought he was better somehow. He thought John was the exception. And without sex muddling it up, their family was going to be…pure. Purer than other families. Built on a foundation of genuine, selfless love and not the writhing of flesh against flesh or the stinking emission of fluids or the release of oxycodin and dopamine.
John picked at his plate. He was full but dinner had been very good. "It wasn't anything but human beings living their lives."
“Well, let’s just put aside the sterility for a moment. Remember, I’m a half-foot shorter than most adults on the planet.”
“I needed to have a shower and a shave.” Sherlock turned in a circle. “I’m meeting someone for lunch. Is this alright? I think I’ve gain some weight since I last wore this shirt.”
John relented and let himself have a good chuckle. Then he sighed and looked longing at the empty third chair at the end of their table. "Look," John said, nodding at the empty chair.
"I followed you on the cameras," Mycroft said defensively, insulted at Sherlock's presumption. "You weren't behaving in a manner that would raise my alarm. It's not unlike you to traverse all over London, not outrageous for you to sleep in a bus station. For all I knew, you were investigating a case. I told John he was overreacting, that sometimes you wonder off and you just aren't thoughtful enough to keep friends informed of your whereabouts." Mycroft switched the laptop off stand-by. "Then he broke down. Told me everything that happened. Told me he found this." He turned the laptop around to show Sherlock. "You recognize this document?"
." He breathed, and his breath was shaky. "But I knew the Sherlock who went back in time before tried to warn John directly of his murder. And even though…that's what I feel like I
The string of gibberish that  followed from there on could have been words, but they were  unintelligible. Only John understood: Sherlock deserves privacy now. His  vulnerable body ought to be somewhere safe and quiet, where his most  shocking injuries can be covered, his eyes closed, his hands placed over  his chest, fingers laced, his hair combed out of his sightless eyes,  blood wiped away, jacket straightened. If there are broken bones, they  can never be healed but his limbs can be untangled, laid straight. If  his brilliant mind is spilled on the pavement, fragments of his skull  embedded in his brains plastered on an ally wall, then the pieces ought  to be gathered, never to be made whole but at least reunited in grief  and solidarity. The body belongs back in the good earth, kept safe until  Judgment.
“Wrong? I am at the top of my game in the prime of my life, about to have the best cup of coffee in the best city in the world,” Sherlock declared. “The only thing that can make my day better is a murder. Two sugars in the first coffee, and the other is black. Thank you.”
John  balked. "No. No." He shook his head, hearing himself chuckle for some  reason. "No. That's…he wasn't like that."
John yelped a little, coming out of his stupor. He looked up at Sherlock, bewildered. "Oh. I didn't hear you come in."
"Sod off," Sherlock snarled on the phone. "I stupidly texted John to let him know where I am. Now he's on his way here to see me. I don't want to see him. I don't want to see him. I tried to dissuade him from coming, but he's insistent. How can I convince him not to come?"
The old man stood up joyfully, his eyes gleaming behind his square lenses. "That's marvelous! That's extraordinary!"
Sherlock and John sat in the dark a moment. Outside, the street lamps were dark as well. The flat was pitch black. The subtle hum of electricity and distant window fans was suddenly absent and everything was unnaturally, eerily quiet and still.
Lestrade turned towards John, saying reproachfully, "Don't be like that. I'm sure it took a lot of courage to come out like that, on his blog and all..."
sat there, these strangers looking at us and shaking their heads and feeling sorry for us, telling us there was no reason we couldn't grow up to be fine young men, that we weren't ruined just because our father was gay, that we would both be fine. As if there was
"Greg," John said, reaching out for  Lestrade's arm. He gripped his sleeve. "It's okay. It really is okay. I  forgive you, if that's what you need to hear."
just leave this one to the police. And Sherlock had laughed at John and dragged him along, protests and all. Oh God. There would never be suffering ever again. Oh God. John. John.
Sherlock noticed the twinge of interest in Billy’s eyes, but the young waiter was off and gone before Sherlock could defend himself. Not that Sherlock needed to defend anything, but he was fully aware of the assumptions and rumors about John and himself. For the most part, Sherlock didn’t care what people thought. It was irritating enough to correct the whole of Scotland Yard on a regular basis. If he spent his days correcting people he met in everyday life, he’d never get farther than the front door. However, since Sherlock considered infidelity one of the lowest and most vulgar expressions of human weakness (lower and more vulgar than murder even, which he could begrudgingly understand) he
Sherlock went inside. He took a few steps into the sitting room and then saw John curled up on the couch, laying on his side, looking blankly ahead. He still had his parka on, despite the heat that had already flooded the flat.
Sherlock waited expectantly, ready to burst with excitement. "Come on, now. Get up. Get showered. The Game awaits."
“Soyou’re reaching out to him? Lending a sympathetic ear?” Sherlock asked dubiously. “I thought you two didn’t get on.”
Mycroft silently joined Mummy Holmes. They walked side-by-side, their strides in perfect step. He followed her as far as the lobby door, then opened it for her. "Until Christmas, then?"
They stopped in front of an examination room. A nurse stepped forward and unlocked the door, pushing it open and stepping aside. "In you go. He's waiting."
John exclaimed. "You don't even like children. You hate children. You think they're obnoxious and helpless and stupid and fragile but
Molly sighed. "I didn't have a valid reason, though. I knew I was going to lose my job. I heard the rumors. My boss kept dropping passive-aggressive hints. I was miserable. But I should have known a bunch of pills weren't going to make it better."
Sherlock said, "I don't know what I what doing. What I was thinking. I didn't expect him to respond. I didn't even expect him to notice." His eyes flickered towards Molly. Searching and hungry and needy. "I just felt safe and it was nice to be affectionate and be able to be like that and John promised, he promised to understand, and I just thought….this will be nice. I can have this and John won't mind. But he did. It wasn't welcome. I made him uncomfortable, crossing that line." He sank into himself.
John plucked the gun from Sherlock’s hand. “Remind me to never let you borrow this again,” he said, checking the magazine and returning the clip with a satisfying
Sherlock,” John said, looking smacked for having to spell it all out. “The only thing they’re unsure of is whether it’s partial or total testicular failure. Nonetheless, even if there
More gone than if he'd merely died. More gone than if he'd been buried in the ground and rotted to nothing, his name flaking off a worn tombstone. Because he
He walked to the bathroom door.  Gingerly, he placed the palm of his hand against the door. After a  moment of reflection, John settled his forehead against the wood.
His anger was ignited anew, thinking about it. That hypocrite! All that moaning about how ‘other people’ were undeserving of having kids. About how ‘other people’ devalued relationships, cheated on each other and were generally worthless.
“I just want time.” John picked himself up slowly, brushing glass shards from his pants. “I don’t want to do anything for a while.  I don’t want to think.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it. He reflected. No, he really didn't. But he did want John to be himself again and talking through problems was what 'normal' people did. "It doesn't require much effort on my part to lend an ear," Sherlock offered.
Sherlock sat still for a moment, his clear blue eyes especially sharp. "Oh." He glanced down at the wine stem in his fingers. "I forgot why I asked." Bringing the glass to his lips, he drank the last of his wine and exhaled, letting all his stress escape in one tense sound, his head tilted back and his eyes sliding closed.
Then Mycroft let go of John  without harming him. He gently smoothed his hand down the side of John's  neck, over John's shoulder where his jumper had rumpled, almost  affectionately. He cleared his throat and smiled, almost as if to say,
John's  resolved started to crumble. "I'm sorry for everything that happened!  I'm sorry for what I did! Wait! Please!" He was slowly dislodged from  the seat and dragged away. "Tell Sherlock I'm sorry…tell him he's a good  bloke, tell him he's
Molly smiled. Better than an interview. She leaned back in her chair, bringing her feet onto the lip of the chair and tucking her knees under her chin. "I
Lestrade and Molly were drawn towards them and in a moment, a little silent procession marched down the hall towards Sherlock's room. Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, Lestrade and Molly.
Sherlock wasn’t expecting to be hugged. Reflexively, own arm encircled John’s shoulder. He wasn’t sure what to do after that. John had given him a squeeze, so Sherlock gave John a squeeze back. Then he waited to be released.
The younger Sherlock glanced briefly down at the older Sherlock's gun, then immediately looked back up at his other self's face, hoping the motion wouldn't be noticed. "As for you," he continued nonchalantly, "well, I'm sure you're wondering where this leaves you. You came all this way to a time and place where you don't belong. And I'm sure you came here with a very good idea of what you intended on doing, and now those plans are not to be. What will you do now? I'm sure you have no idea. Do you really think John would be better off under your watchful eye, rather than mine? Especially considering your history of failure? And then this, again, another example of your lack of foresight. I really don't think you thought this through carefully. Your judgment is impaired.  Severely, I'm afraid. I honestly doubt that John would be safe with you for even one minute. As you've pointed out, you've….fetishized his memory. You'd probably worship him if you saw him. How can you possibly keep him safe? No. No, this just won't do. This is a terrible plan. You can't expect me to volunteer to die under these circumstances. This is ridiculous."
But seeing the rusty iron tables and chairs in front of Speedy's, Sherlock came to a sudden stop. He walked over slowly and put his hands on the back of one of the chairs and leaned there. After a moment, he sat down. He turned his face up and felt the warm sunshine against his haggard cheeks. He thought of all the breakfasts, lunches and dinners with John shared here. He thought of all the times with Mrs. Hudson as she aged, as she grew frail. The coffee with Lestrade as the graying D.I. tried to keep in touch with Sherlock even as they drifted apart. Molly, a few times, even after she married.
himself. He thought he was brilliant.  He thought he was special. All he ever did was try and prove how  superior he was. He risked his life…and
one. So, hire a therapist, let him tell you and John that your so-called 'relationship' is doomed, that you'll never be happy together because neither of you are really gay…and maybe
I’m a medical doctor and you’re the smartest man I know. We could give a disadvantaged child all the advantages in the world.”
Either Willis could send Sherlock back, or Sherlock could direct himself back. But he was never gone for more than a few seconds at a time and the results were always unpredictable.
Sherlock floated out the front door and went down the stairs, skipped out the front door. He twirled and went into Speedy’s, swinging open the door dramatically and letting it shut behind him like he was bursting into the opening of a musical. “Ah, Mr. Chatterjee,” Sherlock greeted with a smile when he saw the portly, greasy shop keeper.
“I don’t know the exact number of hours. Like I said, I didn’t want to be imprecise.” He lowered his head, a miserable expression escaping his stoic façade. “I’ve missed you
Sherlock hesitated. He'd never told Willis anything about himself, nothing about his intellect or his work as a consulting detective. He wondered for the first time why. Then he realized this was the first friendship/relationship/companionship he'd had in a decade. Sherlock hadn't known he was a changed man until he saw himself reflected in Willis's eyes.
Dripping wet, he shrugged off his coat and simply dropped it to the floor. He went to work right away.
Sherlock could no longer keep eye contact with Molly. Now he looked at his hands, too. He became completely preoccupied with peeling apart the heat guard on his coffee, dropping curling strips of brown paper on the counter. He dropped them one at a time, like daisy petals.
Sherlock lay on his side for a while. He curled his arm under his head and tucked his knees in. "When I was a little boy, I didn't know how to make friends. It seemed to come very naturally to other little boys. My brother Mycroft had amassed a large circles of friends and their days were filled with adventures while I played by myself. I didn't mind playing by myself, but I thought I was hopelessly outcast, untouchable. It was very unfair. So I asked my mother for her advice. She told me, 'If you want to make friends with someone, walk up to them and say: I'm Sherlock. Let's be friends. Well. I thought that was shockingly direct. It was obscene. It was in violation of some natural law. But, lacking an alternative, and also being six and very trusting, I gave it a try."
"Good observation, I could tell you the rules later, for now, we need to buy some things in the market" Sherlock hold out his hand. John stared at it looks confused at the moment.
"What are you doing?" John protest while being tug to the pool which looks like for a bath. The pool is not deep but for John to sit on it, the water level rise to his collarbone.
"Wasting my Drachmas on a broken toy is not a good choice, Sherlock" The older spoke on the other carriage where it is just beside the carriage, Sherlock was in waiting. The carriages on the side drapes are open for them to have a conversation through their spoken words.
Looking up to see Sherlock who leaned down to kiss his lips again. John grabs the smooth curly black hair on the back while they deeply kissed in passion.
Sherlock gave, John a time to adjust then he starts to move while kissing him. It was slow and gentle at first but then it starts to ram hard and fast. Then it hits on John's sweet spot from time to time.
"I clearly see that. Think this through John, if you take this off then you are giving them a chance to sells you again"
On each stall they looked or passed by, there were aristocrats looking at their side, some are observing and others are staring with curiosity. John avoids having any eye contact with other people and just focus on Sherlock's back while walking.
"There is an Auction near the capital market, buy some slaves to make yourself occupy. I heard there is a foreign man in the word of the market, and it speaks English" Then the older is gone.
He put his arms around Sherlock's neck, he could feel the other hands are spreading his legs after that then it goes to undress the Toga he wears. Sherlock tossed the cloth away from the bed while kissing John.
"I knew you would come" The older one speaks to his younger brother, he is sitting in the front of the seats where only it is for the Aristocrat. The younger one sits beside him, the maidens who are close to the younger one could only flush, being close to him. Some maidens tried to look seductive but it only met with his ignorance and cold eyes.
"What a delicate thing" Sherlock whispered and John only stirred a bit but not awakened. Sherlock brushes some of the blonde hair strands to behind its ear. Then he proceeds to trace John's leg using the tips of his fingers, tracing up to the hips.
John blushed at the realization of his mind that he even think to CONSIDER it. He erased the thoughts and continue to walk through the corridors. Might as well memorize the routes so that one day he could escape without them to notice he is gone. He saw a maiden wearing a violet toga, who looks surprised to see him in the corridors.
"How would they know that?" John touches the padlock on the back of his neck. Feeling the smooth metal that locks his freedom.
"You can speak English?!" That is the first question he asks instead of what happened everything to him. Sherlock chuckles on the Ex-Army Doctor reactions.
The slaps of skin to skin are heard with a slick and wet sound of the cock thrusting inside of John arse. Sherlock feels John has tightened more, it means he is close to release. He leaned down to kiss John's neck and then his collarbone.
They get inside the room and take a rest on the seats. John is cover in sweat from running and adding the heat of the weather, he wants a shower badly. Sherlock locks the door and starts to strip his clothes until he is standing naked. John takes the covers off of him and breathes the air for his lungs. He tries his best not to look at Sherlock's body, especially the downside. Sherlock looks at John and grabs his arm, to drag him into the shower.
He stands and walk to the second door and opens it, John did not step outside, he only look at the scenery upon him. A blue clear sky with birds singing in the morning, it gives a nice warm atmosphere. Different from London where it rains often and gloomy; where he lived before he joins in the navy to serve the Queen.
John pushed gently on Sherlock's shoulders away and then he moves his knees closer to his chest. John may not remember it that he is wearing a short dress and he did not notice his thighs and his legs are fully revealed.
"You did, is it too good? I mean you have plenty experience in this field of coitus, but you fainted from your orgasm because the pleasure is too much" Sherlock said and John blushed because he really can admit that it is very great.
John is flushed up to his neck, he cursed himself for being so easy to flush up. He is a soldier for heaven's sake. John's head is down to prevent letting Sherlock know his face is bright red. He could only think one thing and that a hand on his lap and the hard stare he feels from another man. He grabs his courage to look at Sherlock in the eyes when he saw a hunger and desire only for 3 seconds then it vanishes quickly to a calculating stare.
Sherlock came back from the market streets. Then he walks his way to his Quarter and found two maidens guarding the door. He feels irritated when he sees it because that means his brother make an appointment, again.
"Well, aren't you a pleasant thing. Try to relax on the seat and give up the thought of escaping this carriage. As you already know I am Stronger than you, and it will give you a comfortable position when I release you"
"We just have intercourse yesterday, there is nothing to feel embarrassed about to see each other body." He said it blunt and gently put his palm on John's shoulder.
John turned his head to see Sherlock then he feels embarrassed and flustered when the erotic scene played in his head, the memories flowed through his mind like a tape of scenery. Reminding him just how he feels so good about their intercourse on this bed. He rearranges the bed sheets on him, and regain his posture.
John moaned louder than he intends to, he is completely drowned from the pleasure. The moans from John is like music to Sherlock's ear, he smirks and proud.
With their loud moans and their final thrust. John feels something squirt inside. Sherlock pulls it out and flopped down beside John then he hugged him from the side. John tried to catch his breathe and relax.
"Yes, Master" He jumps out of the window and landed on the stacks of hay. Then stands up and run to find the slave.
John could not take it anymore, and he will take this chance to get his freedom. He found some clothes on the drawers which were left behind by one of the tenants in this Inn. He dresses quickly and looks in the mirror to see himself, the overall is enough to blend in. The problem now is he cannot find the Key to his collar and give up now since he doesn't have any time to waste. John grabs a scarf and put it around his neck to cover the collar.
The Ex-Army Doctor is looking at the knife pointing at him and looks confused but then it moves to point on his tied hands. A sign to free his hands, a chance to escape from this carriage. He may look handsome but seeing his tall lanky frame, the Ex-Army Doctor does not even think his owner have strong strength.
Sherlock lied about the rules in being strict to slaves but somehow John is convinced about the lie he created. His intentions are to get John to make his decision faster.
"Remember John... Your life here is at risk, you do not want my archenemy to be a witness, on us doing... coitus" Sherlock whispered to John's ear and John tried not to flinch away or show any weakness to the Aristocrat.
"My Lord, one of your orders... um... it has been sold off by another aristocrat," said it with a tremble in his voice. He is very careful to choose his choice of the word so that he would not upset his Lord.
It shows his scar on his left shoulder and fitness of his body. His short height and sweet appearance won't make any people think he is on the war or a battle before. Even though the Ex-Army Doctor stand firm on his both feet with a calm expression, refuse to show any weakness.
"And I will since I'm the lack of the knowledge of this place and other things in this land," John thought it will be better to boost the arrogance and ego of Sherlock, he guesses it will give him time.
Sherlock gathers the maidservants and instructs them to take care of John in another Quarter room just beside his Quarter. They cleaned John's feet and give him undergarments to wear. They bring a food tray and put it on the bed where John laid his back on the headboard. After long days that happen to him, he finished his food tray and put it aside when he yawned and fall into a deep asleep.
For the younger it is nothing but a fish-face and melodramatic nonsense, he put no mind and continue his work. The older knows his younger brother would be protesting, he can picture a frowning face that was hiding in the mask of his calm one.
"You would not be afraid, no more, My archenemy will need proof that you and I, do spend the lovely time together. It is better if we attest it, think it as a practice for you" Sherlock said it in a low voice of his, and John feels the heat arises from the room.
John wakes up and found himself on a bed with a blanket covers him. He thought that he was sold as a Slave is just a bad dream, looks like it's not. He sits on the bed and looks around the room, he saw two doors, one is the exit and the second one is to the balcony.
Sherlock proceeds to kiss John's neck and leaving the love marks to show them that John is in his possession and no one can touch it besides him. He goes lower to kiss the chest and suck the right nipple and then use another hand to pinch the left one.
John is silent for a moment to hear the word from Sherlock and try his best to process it to his brain, John's face is red up to his ears. Blushing really hard and he thinks or maybe he heard it wrong.
The man flicked his finger and then there's a figure comes out behind the pillar, wearing a gladiator's clothe. He kneels his left foot on the ground and positions himself, ready to take the command.
"Find that pirate and cut off his head," He said in a calm tone and he ensured that everything is still under his control.
They take baths in that room, after a short while, John finishes his bath and takes a towel with him to dry off then put on his waist. His face is flushed when he came out and ready to punch someone in the face. On the other hand, Sherlock seems relaxed inside the pool, and have this smug smirk on his face after when he slides his intentional hand on John's bottom which results to receive a slap on the face. It is now showing a reddish handprint on his cheeks.
"You have never been with a man, not even once, that is interesting. Sailing on the sea could be months or weeks, Man has their. . . "
Sherlock traces his index finger to John's thigh on the side, he is already planning on how to make John moan and scream beneath him in pleasure. A plan to see him begging for more.
The younger waited 10 seconds then he sprung up when he heard a foreign man has been sold into slavery. It peeked his curiosity and interest at the same time. He hopes it is not some kind of boring slave or a fake one that wants to flaunt with the aristocrats. He wears a proper white silk Toga with a blue one draped over his shoulder.
Horses are ready and with the coachman too. John obediently followed while his wrist is still been grab by Sherlock. That who is so eager to get out of the mansion. They get inside the carriage and wait on their destination.
"I...I do have past lovers but never ever been with a man, as I said earlier before we have... This," John said and still looking around the room with his eyes. Sherlock hide his smile when he heard it, though he knows there is nothing to be happy about since it is nothing but a sexual intercourse with a man.
"I-I...Fine." John thinks Sherlock has a point but it still feels awkward with a man inside the bathroom, both of them naked.
They made him wear many kinds of Toga, there is one Toga he did not like it because it is See-Through and it is made of silk. They even forced him to take down the undergarments but he refused to do so.
An Army doctor that has been captured by the pirates and sold to a foreign land he did not know of. The ship was a wreck because of the battle they have been ordered to capture, the wanted pirates and instead of winning in the end like most of the victorious day.
"It takes him time to figure out who has his package and I have the advantage of time" Sherlock whispered to himself with a satisfying smile.
Sherlock gave him a sweet smile then proceed to do it again and again where he hit the sweet spot. John could not help himself but move his hips into Sherlock's fingers.
"I know it from the scar you have on your left shoulders and other wounds that already healed a few days ago but you're stressing yourself on having a limp which it does not exist in the first place, the way you stand firm on your ground. You answer when I command you, the trousers and boots that only left for you. It has navy rank on the side, a mark of crown and eagle. Tells you are the captain in charge of the ship,"
"That is flattering but you are not dreaming, Mr. Watson" Sherlock speaks from where he sits while doing his experiments on the table with beakers and other chemicals. After that he knows where John came from, he learned the accent of British while John is asleep on the bed.
It shows his white smooth untanned skin, Sherlock makes a quick glance at it. His patients are starting to wear thin, he tried to gain more self-control not to ravish the poor Ex-Army Doctor on the bed.
"I am not a dog!" John cried. He is not a thing to be own either, John thinks this through and made up his decision to go back to his plan in the first place. He needs to escape and find a way to sail back to his homeland.
Sherlock take his fingers out and John misses the sensation, he wants to be filled up again. Sherlock lined himself to John's hole then he put the head of his cock, inside first then slowly putting it whole.
"Believe it or not, but you quite make a name for yourself in that Auction. Especially with the aristocrats, some of them are not easy to give up to their interest, So this collar represents a shield to you Or Do you prefer a mark on your skin?"
There is an unexpected snitch in their crew, and it ends up them to lose the battle and right now, he is in a strong sturdy metal cage which he did not find any comfort inside. It only gives him aching muscles. . .
"John Watson," John said with determination in his tone. Sherlock let him go and let John sits properly on the seat. John look at Sherlock properly now, seeing his skin is pale and the lovely black curls, he realized that Sherlock is not thin or lanky at all. There are muscles that fit on his tall frame, now thinking on it, he really is a handsome man.
"Clearly see that. . . .did I fainted?" John asked while looking around for clothes that he could wear it for the meanwhile. Sherlock glanced at John from his chemicals and deduce him. He can clearly see his back is sore because of the way he tries to regain his posture, he hesitated.
It had a rhythm first but then it goes faster and faster, it is like the fingers are ramming inside.
After the Auction ends, they drag the Ex-Army Doctor to the preparation room. They showered him and give him a nice white Toga to wear; they prep him like he was an offering or a gift need to wrap in a beautiful wrapper. He feels vulnerable and exposed from the hands that touch all over his body to make him clean.
"Ah. . . .nngh...Sher-sherlock... .I'm close to. . . ." John warned him that he is close to coming, and then suddenly Sherlock stops and he released the dick from his mouth.
John could feel himself are starting to loosen up and he felt a sudden pleasure that Sherlock's finger probe it, the sensation goes straight to his cock. Then he released his come with a loud moan.
"Be Specific," The man said with irritation in his tone, knowing the slave-good-for-nothing is nervous in its voice.
"I said speak up" A commanding baritone voice from the cupid lips with calculating eyes, he could feel stark naked from the stare that strips him. John still could not reply because he is stunned at the moment.
"I can fix your psychotic limp, you are an Army doctor, quite a combination you chose. Lost in the battle on a wanted pirate because of a snitch. You are the only survivor but then the pirate found you and sold you in a Slave Auction with a good price. "
It stops on three when a black curly hair with a handsome face stands up and he said the amount loud enough to let the crowd hear.
As they have their rhythm on their hips moving hard and fast, John moaned from the pleasure as well as Sherlock. He could feel the tightness inside of John whenever he hits the sweet spot.
Sherlock puts John down and hold is hand, they have left the basket behind the barrel. The good news for Sherlock is that they have lost the gladiators on the market. He takes John inside an Inn and paid for one room to stay the night. John has never seen an exquisite Inn for staying the night.
"I don't want to take you back" Sherlock whispered to himself. The Toga fits John's body perfectly, showing off its legs and chest made his throats dry a little bit. He found John amusing, cause instead escaping from the start with many chances, but John only stayed.
"How long am I going to stay with you?" John asks again while looking at the red apple. "A few months"
John nodded as to give his consent, even he hypothetically escape this mansion but he has nowhere to go. Sherlock grabs his chin and looks into his blue eyes. Then he caresses his cheeks, John's heart is still beating faster.
He plans to escape when he is out of the cage, He is a soldier and he knows how to think a strategy to escape from a situation like these.
John does as Sherlock says and throws the Durian fruit on the gladiator and its strike on the gladiators back. The man groans in pain and surprised by the sudden attack, he could feel the thorns pricked on the back of his skin. John throws the remaining four Durian fruit on the gladiators, one per each of them. Sherlock takes this chance and carries John on his back like a sack of potato and runs to a safe place for both of them. John did not anticipate that and yelps when he is carried by his owner, then he holds on Sherlock's toga and he prays that he would not fall off to the ground.
"Basics, Englishmen loves tea" Sherlock walks over to John and gives him the glass. John takes it and drinks the red tea. He really missed the tastes of tea, closer on reminding his homeland.
The color pitch Toga is see-through and it is short, it is like wearing a gown but its only above the knee. Its only see-through on the top and not on the lower part. He does not think this is what men would wear, but for a girl, would suit the best. The maidens guided John to a near room, they open the door and then closed it. Leaving him in the room, John looks around while standing in his place. He does not see any person's in here or even feel the presence of it. He found papers scattered around the cemented floor and there is some beakers and other equipment that is for experiments on the wooden table.
"Brother mine, would you please go outside and have something to do, then making any further experiments in your quarter or else I expropriate all your. . . . subjects at once"
Sherlock holds John's hand, leading him inside the mansion. John did not protest and he let Sherlock hold him, he thought that somehow it is nice. He still holding on the thought that Sherlock will free him.
One thing that his mind keeps repeating when the Aristocrat crawl on top of him, and that is "Escape".
He remembered yesterday when he looks at Sherlock eyes filled with desire and hunger for a few seconds only. He does not want to think about THAT, he does not even think himself is attracted to men or has been one with.
"I'm glad that, I'm your first" Sherlock said it casually and John looked at Sherlock with a baffled expression on his face then the choice to ignore it. He realized that Sherlock is speaking with a British accent and it is astounding.
John wakes up from his dream again which he thought that it is quite very detailed one, and he could only hope none of them is true. . . . But he was terribly wrong because he still feels the silk sheet and the cover of the bed. Same as where he has this very erotic dream with this brilliant guy. It is not a dream again he could wake up, looks like from this day onwards, he cannot say this is a dream anymore.
John wakes up and he feels a blanket covers his body, then he starts to question himself how long is he asleep? Or is the owner already came back. He sits on the edge of the bed and looks around the room twice, again. It is clean somehow, there is no scattered paper and the equipment are gone. It is like someone had cleaned the room.
Wearing a see-through toga to add the seduction, Sherlock was taken aback to see the man, its the one he was interested. John curled up like a ball since the dress is short it lifts up to show his legs. He sits beside John, careful not to wake him up.
But even so, he did not underestimate his opponents. Giving a hard punch in the stomach to keep him unconscious might be a good idea. He nods and he turns his back, Sherlock knows this man is going to punch him in the stomach. He is surprised that the Ex-Army Doctor is not underestimating him, by looking at his appearance.
He is heavy than he looks, the Ex-Army Doctor cannot move his limbs and by his position, it is very uncomfortable at all. He is already uncomfortable when they do not give him undergarments to wear. He feels the owner leaned down, there is a hand grips his wrist on its place and another hand on the seat beside his face. He feels the breath ghost over his ear and hears him says.
"Speak up" John was startled when Sherlock speaks. John did not speak for a few seconds then Sherlock rolled his eyes, impatient on waiting for a reply. He put his hand on John's lap and grabs John's chin to face him. John feels his heartbeat is going to leap out of his body from beating faster. When the hand placed on his lap which he does not have any undergarments under the Toga he wears.
I had help on beta read this fic from Kaylia, (Thank you). There would be update written in notes if the chapter is beta read it or not.
And grab a brown cloak to cover his face like a hood. He unlocks the door and gets out of the room then closes it quietly then pace quickly to the hall. John hides his face when he passed the counter and grips the scarf to hide his collar. No one pays attention to the hooded man walks to the exit of the Inn, and John breathes a relief to walk out of the Inn. Now his plan is to get home and get rid of the collar, it may include a boat and money.
John looked down to see some of the men wearing leather armor and a wooden sword in their hand looks like practicing sword fight but there is a difference somehow. There is something that it does not feel right. Maybe they are guards in training but when he saw another man with a black leather whip in his hand. He looks like a supervisor watching them.
"Do it whatever you want, Sherlock, but a toy like that, I could only sympathize him" The Older replied and it makes Sherlock lets out a low chuckle. Sherlock thinks about how his older brother would even feel any sympathy to others which he could laugh and point at him that it's ridiculous and such a melodramatic sense.
"You're a Doctor and that means you could memorize it well, even though I talk fast you still catch every word that I said clearly, I calculate that you could finish it in 2 months"
There is one thing he is glad, that they tend his wounds which he really needs it so that he can escape on the way to the Buyer's home with full strength. He composed himself again to make him look tough but it only ends up some maidens to coo at him. When the time is up, they lead the Ex-Army Doctor to a carriage with a lined up guard outside, it is such a shame to see it because they are cautious that he would escape while transferring him.
"A distraction, How accurate for you to... huh... throw 1 kilograms of fruit, ... hah... in one out of ten?" Sherlock's said in between his ragged breaths from running.
"That would be delightful, but no it is not me, it is my archenemy brought you here. Want to punch someone, punch him in the face. That cloth is what he suggests for,... you and I to have a lovely time,"
"Relax, John, and it would be better if you relax" Sherlock whispered into his ear, John grabs Sherlock face to kiss him deeply.
The baritone voice he hears like it goes through his body and he shivers with the breath so close to his ear. The heat was starting to rise around him.
John stops his complaints and lets them do their work. When they are finished, they guide him to a big mirror where he can see his full body. He is embarrassed at the clothes since he could feel stark naked in front of people.
"No, and I will never be, I only have interest in a woman, not MAN" John replied and Sherlock chuckles, as Sherlock walk closer to the bed, John cannot help himself but move back. Until John hits his back on the headboard of the bed and Sherlock crawls on top of John.
". . . and you are surrounded by your crews" John still sitting on edge of the bed, knuckles turning white from gripping the sheets.
John is really close to having his release, he shows his neck, for Sherlock to have more access and it did. John grabs Sherlock face to move up and kissed his cupid lips. Sherlock thrust faster and harder to meet his own release. Then the both of them came at the same time.
"I'll be gentle and careful, I am certain you will receive more pleasure as much as I can do for you," Sherlock cover his words in full sincerity to convince John.
Sherlock sucks it down to his throat, John's toes curled up from the pleasure, and then Sherlock move his mouth up and down it looks like bobbing to John's point of view.
Sherlock pulled away from the kiss and unhook the leg of John from his shoulder. Then John took it as a chance to put his both legs around Sherlock's waist, locked on it.
He found some interesting things but one thing, he is for sure that this Ex-Army Doctor is missing the Danger in his life. He takes out the knife he had in his Toga, then he points the knife in front of the slave and the rope on its hands. A sign to tell him to cut the rope.
"You speak well in a British accent for a foreigner," John said and Sherlock gives him a smile and reply.
John heard it and turn to look at Sherlock again. How does he know he has a limp and the battle he has with the pirate? It must be the owner told him but they do not even speak English like Sherlock do.
The older one speaks and looked at his younger brother, sitting on a stool in front of the desk. The younger meet his eyes with his brother cold demeanor.
When The Second slave is presented on the stage, the reaction of the audience is almost astounded. A short blonde man who is topless, he only has his trousers and his boots left. There is a cloth around his mouth, and prevent him to bite someone, he could only do nothing but groan.
She made a frantic gesture that tells him to go back to his room earlier. John followed and walks to his room when he heard she calls someone in a foreign language. His arms have been grabbed and pulled him into the room, he is very surprised to see the maidens holding many kinds of Toga on their hands. He does not know why but they are surely irritated to see him like these.
"I take your expression, You do not have or once been with a man before" Sherlock look at John from his bed, memorizing every detail he could have on John's body.
"Thank you, I could teach you our language if you want to and you are still in the land of Greece," Sherlock said and offered him a lesson, and he is very confident that John will make it in 2 months.
He followed the voice and saw Sherlock left shoulder leaning against a wall, John did not know he was there before. Does it mean this is his Quarter while himself wearing this inappropriate clothes?
John did not care one bit when he is too focused on hiding and run from the gladiators that now he clearly sees from the peeks hole of the barrel, knowing they are chasing them. He could feel the adrenaline rush through inside his veins and the fast beats of his heart. Sherlock could feel the warmth radiating out of John's body and the sweat he feels from his palm on John's wrist. Sherlock tilts his head up to see the view in front of him, and he feels his own breath taken away from him, in this delicious sight. He could observe on the detail in front of him, on how John's cheek is flushed and the heaving sighs of his chest rising up and down. Sherlock gets a hold to himself and focuses on the task at hand. He counts the minutes for them to take a rest and then he grabs John's shoulder to bend down to him.
John pulled away to breathe some oxygen, then he saw his body is naked while Sherlock is still fully dressed. Then he is surprised when Sherlock pulled him down, now his back laid on the back comfortable.
While they are running out of the alley, Sherlock had Five clothes on his arm like it was nothing out of ordinary. They quickly run to the streets where there are crowds walking along the busy street. Sherlock made a use of the clothes that he stole, to put it on himself and a scarf around his neck to covers his mouth. It is not only for him, Sherlock uses the rest of the clothes put it on John and a scarf same as his method to cover his half of the face so that they can blend in naturally. Sherlock made sure that they are clear when they stop in another alley and hide behind a barrel. To make it fit, behind the shape of the barrel, Sherlock grabs John's hip and pulls him down to sit on his lap.
Sherlock mumbled "nevermind" and ready himself and walks to the door then opens it. John is still standing on his spot and seems perplexed on the open door. Sherlock looks impatient to wait on him standing there like a pigeon and he decides to grabs John's wrist. Sherlock leads the way, out of the mansion with a carriage waiting on them in front of the porch.
Sherlock goes back to where he stops and proceed to kiss lower, John bites his lower lips from making any further sounds and then he feels the tongue licking the shaft to the head of his prick. John cannot help himself but to grabs the hair of Sherlock.
"When the time comes, for now, you are my slave. A rule is a rule, being a navy you should know how that works," John nods when he heard it.
Sherlock hides his smirk because it is not only John's dignity he is going to take but his virginity as well.
"Things you will need. The others are for our arrangement," Sherlock said while stopping in front of the vendor that sells fruits and begin his examination of the details that he will buy.
"Oh~ John, your mystery is what I am looking for" Sherlock clapped his hands together with a glint in his eyes.
"What are you buying?" John asked. Sherlock is looking around for something that he'll need for any minute since he already knows that, Someone will follow them and take John away from him. The only problem is when will the signs come out for him to figure it out.
He is sold as a Dmos what Greeks called as male slave or bondman to the Aristocrat who is willing to buy him, or other purposes, depends on the buyer wants.
The younger one scoffed, the maidens did not notice it. He thinks these maidens that are trying to look seductive just to get his attention when actually it looks idiotic in the first place.
He sees a man sleeping on his bed, quite a surprise from Mycroft to send a man this time instead of a woman. He walks over to his bed and looks who is it so that he could toss him off the room.
John's skips a heartbeat and feels his knees weakened when Sherlock said it in a rich deep tone. He could feel the dominance and possession of this man. However, it changes to anger when he realizes the collar means. John pushed him away after Sherlock is done and glares at him.
"Five of these, thank you," Sherlock said politely and the vendor packs it carefully on the basket. Then there are kids running towards the corner of the road except one, a boy stops in front of the stalls and he tugs on Sherlock's toga. Sherlock gives the boy 10 drachmas and the boy whispered to him something that John did not hear.
The pirate captain who smiled smugly when he sells a good price to the owner of a Slavery Auction in Greece. The Ex-Army Doctor could only groan through a thick cloth that gag in his mouth, The Pirate look at him again before he bids his farewell with mockery.
"Be careful at what you are planning, Sherlock. Remember you are not the only one who have eyes on him. Now, I know the reason why you buy the broken toy. It was going to deliver, to the spider but you buy it first and set another Auction to let it changed the schedules,"
Two fingers are now inside, scissoring inside of the hole to spread wider and lessen the tightness, then it turns into three fingers, inside of John's tight hole. It goes in and out, Sherlock is trying to find the prostate.
He is glad to purchase this slave, he does not look boring at all. He smirked after he cut the rope, he put his weight on the man whose now pinned on the seat. In the outside eye of other people might think they are having their lovely time. The Ex-Army Doctor is surprised by the sudden weight on his back and pinning him.
After John said his answers, Sherlock kissed him and he could feel the tongue wants to enter in his mouth. John let it in and then their tongue fight for dominance, Sherlock take advantage of their position and John surrenders, he let Sherlock take the charge. Then Sherlock uses his hands to spread John's leg slowly, John's body is trembling when he feels the tension.
"Sherlock Holmes is my name and what is yours," Sherlock said it in a statement instead of a question and still pinning the Ex-Army Doctor in place.
Only the bed is neat like no one had ever sleep on the bed before. John walks over to the bed and laid down. He knows there are two maidens guarding the door to prevent him from escape or is it they are waiting for the owner of this room to come back.
Mycroft twisted his lips in a sour, non-committal expression to neither defend his brother or agree with him and John knew immediately that he was right.
"Don't fiddle with it!"  Mycroft barked, eyes still shut. "Don't change anything! Just bring it  to me as it is."
"That I was worried about you. That's all." He stroked Sherlock's back. "She's used to that. She'd like you to call sometime."
John's voice grew louder and louder. “And here you are, a selfish bastard, and everyone worships you. Nothing bad ever happens to you, your nonsense never catches up to you. And here I am with a defective prick and all I can do is beg for you let me suck your dick and you won’t even let me do
"Exactly," Sherlock said, smiling. "He's in hiding. He gave the phone to someone else who threw it away and he's hiding somewhere."
," John went on, "watching Sherlock Holmes pursue his true love, watching him openly swoon over a criminal, over the grisly details of the crime like some groupie. All the while, you're dragging your ass past exhaustion, when you feel like you're going to die if you take one more step,
Sherlock finished his bottle and opened one more. John emptied his and had another three, and when Sherlock didn’t finish his second bottle, John took it and finished it for him. When that wasn’t enough, John went up to his bedroom and came down with a small hip flask. It was metal with cheap imitation leather and a buckle that read “Clara & Harriet – July 1
At least, that's what I told myself as I walked forward, leaving my principals behind me. And so I searched for the words to say how I felt:
, and everything is in ruins again and I can’t walk down the halls, and things are falling all around me and I’m getting crushed by…everything, and I have to muscle that door shut again, if I can find it.” Sherlock sucked in his breath. “I’m not alone in here.”
Sherlock nodded. "I'll phone Lestrade while you have your shower." He turned and went back into the living room. Now, however, he wasn't brimming with excitement. There was no spring in his step.
Sherlock took the seat and held up his bottle to his friend. John ‘clinked’ his bottle with Sherlock. “To you, John Watson.”
them. He was just willfully, deliberately  ignorant of them, as if tuning a distraction. Manners were complicated.  They slowed brain-work. Sherlock simply deleted manners some years ago.
“Panic attack,” Sherlock wheezed, holding out his shaking hands. “I keep compartmentalizing it. I have to. I can’t…” He started taking exaggerated, deep breaths. “Every time I start thinking about it, my mind starts to race. I haven’t been able to really examine the information because every time I do, I start…I start…and…then…then I can’t think at all and I have to start over.” Sherlock trembled.  “It flings open every door in my mind palace. It contaminates every room. Everything is wrong. It flips over every table and tears down the shelves and everything is in pieces everywhere.”
John stared back at Sherlock. He suspected "preference" didn't really mean "preference," it meant something else, but Sherlock was being deliberately careful to test John's temperature. John put his own elbows on the table, mirroring Sherlock, made a fist in one hand and covered that fist with the other, and pressed both tight hands against his lips. Calmly, he stated, "Okay. My preference is surrogacy."
John  felt part of himself melt at the physical contact. He contemplated the  human species and how touch spoke volumes in the homo-sapien tribe. In  response, he put an arm around Lestrade's shoulder and pulled him into a  half-hug, hoping he wasn't overstepping the boundaries of male  friendship. After all, this day had all the makings of one big  embarrassment, so why not start now?
,"  he read, saying the word slowly like he'd never heard it before. He was  quiet for a long time. He stepped closer, leaning over the sink basin  and studying the shimmery pink lipstick. "
, there was zero chance he was going to survive now. It wasn't in his abductors' interests to kill one hostage and then let another remain alive to become a witness. His window to talk his way out of this had passed. He could think of absolutely nothing he could do to save himself or even prolong his life. Sherlock simply had to be strong and endure the next few seconds.
On the stairs,  Sherlock had looked up at John with such openness, completely trusting, a  shaking hand extended in friendship, asking not only for an apology,  but for forgiveness as well. He'd never been so reasonable before, so  fair. He'd been human for once, in a shockingly direct and honest way  that John couldn't reconcile. He hadn't been Sherlock Holmes, at least  not the Sherlock Holmes John had come to know. That had been another man  on the stairs. A stranger. An intruder. A threat.
hurt me." He looked up at Lestrade pointedly. "He hurt me. He betrayed me, he broke my confidence, and he attacked me when I was at my most vulnerable. He left me so shaken, I thought…." Sherlock's voice trailed off. He resumed typing. "I thought I was on fire."
"Well, I'm not excited about it, no," John admitted, scratching his unshaven chin. "Have I really been that quiet? I didn't realize."
"After I sat with you through all those cold sweats and bought you all those nicotine patches? And listened to your incessant bitching and suffered your violent mood swings and…?"
genetic material. He was going to use John’s. John Watson was going to have a baby, and Sherlock was determined to arm that baby with his own wit and intellect and all the advantages of a Holmes. Maybe he could convince John to let them hyphenate the baby’s last name.
John took Sherlock's hand in his left and dialed anxiously with his right. "Just don't talk, mister. It's…it's fine."
Sherlock scrambled up to John, slipping on the floor, hooking his arm’s under John’s and practically dragged him back down the hall.  Pictures on the wall danced, dust and plaster were falling from the ceiling. Startled from his stupor, John ran head-long with Sherlock as fast as he could, both men gripping each other in sheer terror, tripping over themselves in a tangle of limbs. They crawled into the sitting room on their hands and knees.
"You are an idiot!" John snapped. "Stop talking now. Don't try and sound like an authority on a subject you know nothing about, and this is really outside your expertise."
"Hmm," Sherlock said, considering it. "Rotten of me, I suppose. Can't compliment a friend. One, it sounds unnatural coming from me. Two, I'm terrible at it."
Sherlock didn't respond. He turned his attention back to his laptop. He placed his hands on the keys and resumed typing.
Standing on the steps to her building, Molly looked sadly at Sherlock. She knew the difference between his "let's play" smile and that other smile. "Come up to my flat," Molly asked, taking his hand and tugging gently. "I only have a Mr. Coffee and a couch, but you're welcome to both."
is private. I don't share that with you. I don't want that treatment to be interrupted." He made a gesture with his hands, as if mashing something. "I don't want the two problems to mix together."
"If I were desperate for money," Sherlock said, "I'd be tempted to pawn a lung or a kidney if there were a ready buyer. Once you start thinking about your body, or other people's bodies, as 'goods', it's only a matter of time before you start selling your children to feed yourself. Obviously there's a willing woman in America who thought of it before you."
Sherlock sputtered in frustration, “Every time I think of a place to start, I realize I have to go further and further back. As far back as when we first met. Even before that. Back to when I was a kid. That’s why my Mind Palace is falling apart. It effects every memory I have…”
"No!" the man cried. "I'm not 'conjuring' anything. That's witch craft. That's phoney-bologna, the stuff of mediums and tv psychics."
Sherlock said, “And he came to you, looking for lodging, and you gave him your phone instead. To rub it in.”
"I'm glad you're sharing your feelings with me," John encouraged blandly. "There's been a lot of that lately."
Sherlock shrugged in response. "Like you said; one thing has nothing to do with the other. I think I'm a freak for life. And I've gotten used to it. Unfortunately, I didn't have you for a brother growing up and I had to adapt in my own way. This is it."
"That our friendship wasn't real," John continued, "And that I lured you to some dark end in that pool. I understand. It's okay. That must have been a terrible experience for you. But obviously, Sherlock, I didn't lie to you. I really was and am your friend. I'm not some killer. I'm exactly who I say I am. Our friendship is real. Everything that's ever happened between us is real. And that happened years and years ago. It means nothing now."
all mixed up in it. None of those kids have any chance. Now I know why the world is filled with idiots. It’s generational.”
The question roused Sherlock from his stupor. "Yes." He  set his coffee down on the table, but his hands continued to fidget.
) Perhaps it was merely her personality to always wear a reliable uniform. Sherlock looked down at his own black coat and his blue scarf, his dependable suit.  He understood uniforms. His was black, hers colorful. They alluded to very different inner demons.
John  waited, not sure of what to expect, knowing exactly what to  expect. He didn't want to speak; this was Sherlock's time to speak. Yet  Sherlock's shaking hands troubled John a great deal. "Are you alright?"  he asked.
brother. How nice to see you." He walked about the room absently, jauntily. "Go head. Gloat." He spun around once to show off his hospital frock, his robe. "I'm in a mental hospital."
or spent a Sunday at church, was crying out for God's intervention. To Sherlock's knowledge, there had only ever been one other such instance and that was when John had been shot in Afghanistan.  When Sherlock heard John's miserable, shameless cry, he knew they were both going to die.
John suddenly broke it off. He said breathlessly, “You’re the only one who wants me. You’re the only one who cares about me at all and what woman would want me now anyhow? Besides, I’m not any sort of man so I can
Mycroft sat up straight in his chair and lifted one hand uneasily before him, seeking some intangible thing by which he could balance himself. "John."
bedroom because it's the larger bedroom, so it can accommodate a crib and toys and a changing station and a stroller and a car seat and just the mounds and mounds of
Looking hatefully at Baker Street, Sherlock snarled involuntarily, “Everyone in the whole wretched word is stupid and selfish and you’re no exception! My fondness for you doesn’t excuse you, it doesn’t it exclude you from being a worthless idiot like all the rest! It just makes your worthlessness and stupidity ALL THAT MUCH MORE INFURIATING!” Shouting made Sherlock feel better, so he shouted more. Now people were openly staring at him, even the ones at a distance. One teenage girl standing on the corner was taking video with her phone, looking amused. “It didn’t have to be you, you know!” Sherlock ranted on, expelling all his anger. “I could have just as easily moved in with any stranger Mike Stamford introduced me to on that day!” Then Sherlock noticed everyone looking at him. He scowled. He’d really attracted a crowd.  He lowered his gaze and went across the street, ignoring the people staring after him. He felt the tips of his ears burning.
Sherlock was  exactly as he had always been: a tense, miserable elitist and  intellectual snob who took too much glee in the misfortune of other  people so long as it provided him with a crime scene to lovingly
At the end of the day, hot, exhausted and irritable, Sherlock and John found themselves in a deli, standing in a line to buy cold cuts and cheese. It was too hot to cook. So they would have sandwiches tonight. If they were feeling really ambitious, they would have a side of crisps. The line was long. Apparently, most of the neighborhood had similar ideas for dinner. But John and Sherlock got in line anyway, too tired to think of an alternative. Besides, the shop was air conditioned. They stood in line, eyes closed, basking in the cool air.
Willis threw down the electrodes. Usually he monitored Sherlock's brain activity. The doors at the university were never locked and they had never been caught. "Why didn't you tell me that?" Willis demanded.
, we just live together. If you don’t like how I conduct myself, there’s the door! Find another flat, find another job. I don't care.”
"Sherlock, wait!" John cried, bursting out of the front door, running, coming to a halt, gripping the back of his chair and tugging Sherlock to face him. "No!" he cried, forlorn, seeing what had happened. He sank to his knees, eyes darting from the vial to Sherlock's face. "No.
Sherlock said, "If it was just you and her in a room, alone, would you take her baby away? By physical force?”
Unwilling to come any closer, Sherlock stopped at the entrance to the visitor's center. He looked after his mother with an expression of raw suffering. "Mum!" he called,  just once.
hot, if I was burning alive, would I even be scared to jump? Would I  even fear the impact? Or would I be in so much pain that the reptile  brain would just take over, fight or flight, right over the ledge  without rational thought? Of course, it couldn't have been blissfully  fearless as that. Just
His hand sunk low in his pocket and he gripped the vial with the poison pill. He did not even realize he'd done it until it was over.
him. Ultimately, the man decided not to jump, which neither pleased nor disappointed Sherlock. He had simply examined the situation and provided all the relevant data so the man could make an informed choice.
John didn’t lean towards or away from Sherlock. He just bowed his head and cupped his hand over his eyes. He said nothing.
Sherlock suddenly appeared in the kitchen, facing John. He folded his arms expectantly, looked disinterested.
Mrs. Hudson nudged Mycroft. Finding him unresponsive, she hooked her arm around his and literally pulled him out of his stupor. "Sherlock. I have to check on Sherlock," Mycroft said. "He's….well, you saw."
Myrcroft's hand curled around the grip.  He felt it's weigh, just holding it. Slowly, his eyes opened and he  looked down to examine it. "Thank you, John," he said calmly, turning  the gun over carefully. He meditated on it for a while.
settle down," Sherlock pouted, padding away on  bare feet, tying his robe around his waist indignantly. He actually had  no problems with the phone policy or the nurse. He just wanted to  engage her and hear her talk. She wasn't friendly or hostile or  interesting, just sitting at the end of the hall watching the door, the  phone and her coffee mug and her visitor log. But her voice was
He thought about reaching out to Harry and decided against it. What he really wanted to do was go back to Afghanistan. He was physically well. His limp was gone. He had no future. He wanted to serve a higher purpose again, be part of a cause.
Sherlock didn't turn around. He ran his soapy hands under the tap. "What is it about unwanted sexual advances that you think I should appreciate?"
John was practical and experienced and he’d been trained to fight for his life, and he didn’t give Sherlock any room to budge. "You've sabotaged every relationship I've tried to have since I moved in!" John hissed. "You don't even like it when I visit my sister, or Mike Stamford, or Lestrade! You text me or spy on me or follow me. You're more controlling than your brother!"
Sherlock was practically chasing after her, but he was losing enthusiasm now as he caught sight of his friends, his strides shrinking.
"It was just another quality that set you apart from them. And it didn't bother you, that you didn't feel the same attraction to the opposite sex that your peers felt. Because those kids were obviously rushing. Obviously trying to impress each other, dabbling in something they weren't ready for, and then you watched, gleefully, as it wrecked havoc on their lives, as they suffered, as they went through break ups, embarrassments, fights.  A few pregnancies, even. It ruined them, really. Lives and minds full of promise, stalled now. Probably ruined forever. And everyone, even the adults who offered you shelter, said you'd understand 'one day.' But you didn't
“I want it,” John plead, smoothing his hands up Sherlock’s neck suggestively. “Jesus Christ, I’ll do anything.”
Sherlock took a deep breath. “Harry. Your brother John and I want to have a baby. Would you please be our surrogate mother?”
"You are demanding in unreasonable ways," John said. "Fetch me my own phone that's in my own pocket even though I'm clear across London and what not."
Older Sherlock went on, "You were perfectly willing to swallow this before, so you shouldn’t have any hesitation now." He handed it to his other self.
John paced  anxiously in the behavioral science unit lobby, face grim, mouth taut.  He compulsively looked at the clock with every turn, making time crawl.  Nine am couldn't come fast enough.
for sex, when your fully developed brain would be able to balance sex and control.  It was complete absence of sex in your life that gave you
John settled back down into the couch, pulling his knees up to his chest and propping his laptop on his knees, hiding his face behind it.
, Sherlock was going  to know just how much it bothered John to be bullied, how humiliating  it was to be summoned, to be forced to drop everything you were doing,  race across the city just so you could be put down in front of people  and called
John  grit his teeth. Mycroft Holmes knew exactly how to exact the cruelest  revenge. John was an untouchable now, a leper of the modern world. Even  Lestrade had looked uncomfortable giving John some comforting parting  words. Who wants to be associated with a gay basher?
But then John hiccupped. Sherlock knew immediately what that meant. Before he could self-censor, he started thinking out loud, “No,
Sherlock paused, looking back at John. "You and I." There was excitement in Sherlock's face, smiling like he did whenever something truly unexpected and delightful and grisly turned up in a case. Except that Sherlock wasn't thinking about corpses and blood spatters.
John said, "I mean, we solve crimes. That's okay to know. In fact, I'm proud of what we do. I wouldn't mind that just…all those grisly little details can wait, you know? 'Til he's older, anyhow."
Lestrade barked at John indignantly, "And what am I? Chopped liver? I'm Sherlock's friend, too. So's Mrs. Hudson. You don’t have a monopoly on Sherlock Holmes. Christ, what's gotten into you?"
"And he's never going to be a detective again, either," Lestrade said, "despite what he says. He talks about it, taking it up again, but then I'll show him a newspaper headline and say, 'Well, what do you think of this? Don't you think this is suspicious?' and he'll just get this look on his face and I put that newspaper right back down. He's never going back out there again. I know it. He's lost his…whatever. Drive. Whatever he had. The spark." He shook his head.
, squeezing his windpipe shut for a  moment and set him down in front of the sink, so that John was nearly  nose-to-nose with
Mycroft  said, "I could make you vanish and Sherlock would never have to know.  In fact, I think it would please him: investigating your disappearance.  An unsolved case he could revisit every few years, longing for the  friendship he never really had with you, romanticizing your memory. A  cathartic and painless end to your
"Hmmm," hummed the detective. "I think we have just enough time to have a quick round of shower sex..."
The consulting detective made himself another notice regarding these newer injuries; it was past time to plan Mary's departure.
"Why what?" asked the doctor, who now remembered that he frequently got confused when staying at 221B.
'But wait, wait ...There is that 'different something'. He's still smiling stupidly. Why is he smiling? He rarely smiles anymore, not really. And even his eyes are even smiling this morning (his beautiful blue eyes are shining again; Elizabeth has his eyes), and his eyes never shine anymore. And his hands are relaxed and not trembling. And he's not checking the clock or looking behind him and..."
"The point that I am endeavoring to make, John, is that I shouldn't be so fastidious when you are sick and vulnerable," Sherlock continued. "Just when you are most in need of comfort."
"I...I...I mean, I assume you can't talk properly because your jaw hurts?" said Sherlock, hoping to forestall any violence or tears—especially the tears.
He had tested Elizabeth's color preferences rigorously, and she was most assuredly happiest around the color blue, and miserable around pink. So he added, "But I cannot recommend pink. Elizabeth likes blue and hates pink. Which was probably one of the reasons that she was unhappy at Mary's house. Mary insisted on painting Elizabeth's room that frankly alarming shade of pink. Soooo, I painted her room blue, knowing that you would not be a slave to gender stereotyping. Still, if you don't like blue, which is Elizabeth's favorite color, I suppose Elizabeth and I might go in for turquoise or green. Perhaps a nice pale green with hints of blue…"
The twins too, worriedly eyed John's hands as they hissed at Richard to "come away" and "stop making trouble" and "this is a tea party…" "…where are your manners?" Each of them tugged on Richard's absurdly melodramatic black cape.
"Gibberish!" snapped Mycroft. "You're mad." The elder Holmes turned towards his brother, "He's mad. It's a miracle we weren't all killed.”
"It's right where you left it. It's fine, except the electricity seems to be broken," said John, who appeared as if out of nowhere. Indeed, the house could be seen, if only just, as a darker hulk standing against the dark and weeping sky. A bolt of lightning briefly illuminated the house before rain and fog concealed it once more.
would John go out in the rain?" demanded Mummy, with a hint of iron in her voice. Her ire fell upon her youngest son. "Tell me why. And just as the scones were finishing, too."
'I must have been an idiot to think that Sherlock was a virgin or that he was really married to his work. I am an idiot to have wasted all this time not kissing every inch of Sherlock Holmes," thought John.
"And you want me to move in here, with Lizzy?" muttered John. He smiled dreamily, his fingers making lazy trails up and down Sherlock's jaw and across his cheekbones. Suddenly, John tensed, "I suppose I'll have to talk it all over with, her. At least until everything is settled legally. And I'll have to go home to pack, and talk and argue and... unless she really did go to Belarus…"
"Oh! Your coffee!" cried Avaril, sounding as angry as John looked. “And you never even tasted it!” No one aside from Sherlock took any notice of the woman. Indeed, he only noticed because he observed everything.
"Well obviously! I hate that house you live in, almost as much as you do," said Sherlock, foregoing his second to the last sanctioned smoke, in favor of kissing his boyfriend (soon to be husband...Although I should probably wait to tell him that we're getting married. The poor man is already confused over the obvious. Probably still high on endorphins and oxytocin and cortisol on top of the fact that he's an idiot. My beautiful,) Kissing. (handsome,) Snogging. (lovely idiot). More kissing.
"Richard, this is Sherlock. Sherlock, this is Richard. He's a bloodsucker, and he's in publishing, which makes him doubly a monster to be avoided," said John. Before Sherlock could shake Richard's extended hand, John knocked the stranger’s hand aside, leaning forward to whisper loud enough for all the eavesdropping relatives to hear, "and if you so much as
"Of course he didn't. Only one who is summoned can hear the horn of Fionn mac Cumhaill, aside from certain seers," interjected John, answering for his boyfriend.
'It would seem that a dangerous sociopathic part-time assassin has been deemed better and probably safer, than a dangerous, sociopathic, part-time consulting detective,' thought Sherlock sadly.
Like a trained scrub nurse, young Leonora passed dry towels to Mummy. Mummy handed one towel to the leprechaun and then tried to pat her younger son dry.
The leprechaun barely managed to whisper, "No." Then the former soldier and medical officer furrowed his brows and shook his head as if to clear it, saying firmly, "No. This is Richard Talbot." The leprechaun made Richard's name sound like a vile expletive.
"It's not the kissing I'm worried about," said John, turning his face away from the pastry. "It's the sucking my blood out that worries me. That bloody vampire has a fetish for non-humans; he's been after a taste of my blood for years. I bet he'd just love to have a leprechaun for a thrall. I really wish he'd...Sherlock, are you all right?"
"Oh God, Sherlock!" cried John, who naturally thought the words were for him. The doctor turned deathly pale and stuttered, "I...I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't mean it...well I meant it, of course. But never mind it. Can't you just delete what I said about loving you? Then we'll just go on as before, yeah?"
Sherlock almost choked when John nodded and smiled back at Mycroft. The younger Holmes would have gladly knocked Mycroft over with his fist.
"No!" shouted Sherlock. Although he really couldn't say for sure, because he and John had only been together for about a month.
This was all true. John sometimes had violent nightmares. And on rare occasions, John had problems with unexpected explosions or even…
The sickly doctor smiled crookedly and gazed up at Sherlock in adoration. Sherlock felt a frisson of warmth from the heat in John’s eyes.
He could faintly hear John bravely reassuring his daughter, even though the doctor was undoubtedly terrified by the kidnappers. The sounds of his dear doctor emanated from the nefarious device, which sat on the nightstand. He bent to examine it. There was no note. The radio was blue and white. It had a rabbit decal on it. It was a baby monitor.
Oh yes, John was very irritated with the twins. Sherlock bounced on his toes to celebrate having been right.
John poked his head out of the doorway. Sherlock smiled brightly to reward John for tacitly agreeing to make tea before turning in. Then the good doctor held up not one, but two fingers. It was a surprisingly rude gesture for John. And then the bedroom door slammed shut.
"I know what you meant," scoffed the World's Only Consulting Detective, tousling his lover's hair, because he knew that John hated having his hair mussed—except during sex, which is why Sherlock had an almost Pavlovian arousal when he saw John's hair sticking up in all directions.
John pushed his soaking wet sleeves over his nicely muscled forearms and rubbed his still bloodstained hands together, apparently in preparation for the flambé. Indeed, Sherlock could already see a hint of light dancing in John's hands. So...the bonfire might not be an empty threat. Fascinating.
It was quiet. Ominously quiet. Too quiet. There wasn't even any snoring...wait, wrong. John was snoring softly, just like always, which was good. Breathing wasn't dull when it was John doing the breathing.
"No, it was not in fact the first time you had sex on a table, but it was the first time you had sex on a table with a man ravishing your beautiful arse, the first time you had three orgasms in less than two hours since you were in college… no, three orgasms in less than two hours is a first…Kudos to me!"
"Just so, John," agreed the detective, missing the patient’s dry tone. "It is preferable to have some sense of constancy and routine. You know…I have to admit, that so long as we are not too close together, spending time with you while you’re sick is tolerable. Possibly even pleasant.”
"Mary has not proven to be a very nurturing mother," said Sherlock studiously studying John's previously uncharted territory. "Nevertheless, I seriously doubt that she would harm her own child."
"And his mobile phone signal was poor," continued Sherlock, attempting to cover for his idiot partner, who had forgotten his promise to keep his magical nature a secret. "So obviously he had to go outside. Although next time he might remember to tell me first."
Sherlock had to restrain himself from lunging forward and nibbling on that angry jutting chin. But no, he couldn't nibble on John, because John, 'wasn't gay.'
"That would be nice," said John. He still sounded suspicious. "Wook, you don't have to sit here. Ah know you get uncomfwable when Ah'm sick."
"This is hateful," shouted Mycroft, trying not to cower as thunder cracked overhead. "Is John prone to wandering about in storms?"
"Well, you best bring him back," said Mummy, ever the voice of practicality. "I'd like to serve tea now."
'Liar,' thought the detective. 'It's the word haggard. He's insecure about his looks again, which is stupid since he's incredibly handsome…'
"How about trying to avoid multisyllabic words until your abscess has resolved," snarked Sherlock, allowing John squirm off the detective, although his head still rested on the detective's chest.
The stranger had appeared out of nowhere, stepping into John's space and jarring John's arm. Most of the terrible coffee in John’s mug spilled over John and Mummy's linoleum floor.
Sherlock heard the apology and saw John stiffen his already stiff back. (Clearly,) thought the detective, (John is finding it hard to say goodbye to me. At least his friendship towards me remains undiminished... The question remains, who? Who does John love?...Probably Lestrade. He's always admired Lestrade. And the man is moderately fit.)
"James Sholto? Really?" asked John, wearing his adorable confused face-the confused face that made Sherlock's doctor look like a Shar-Pei. Sherlock restrained himself from standing up to pet his doctor...and then kiss those worry lines away...and then...
"But Mummy,” Mycroft protested, “It's raining, and I won’t be able to use my umbrella in all that wind. Besides, the scones are ready."
"Sherlock, Sherlock," hissed John, tugging on Sherlock's damp, coat sleeve. "Sherlock! I won't actually be able to tell you when Fionn summons me again."
'sucking his lips and OH! Sucking on his tongue!' John moaned again, and arched toward the fire of Sherlock Holmes, because that man's truly enormous hands were caressing him underneath the silk dressing gown, which had magically lost its belt. And John was just a poor moth who could never resist circling closer and closer to Sherlock's flame. 'A really, really bad romance novel...' thought John again. "A really bad, really sexy romance novel.'
"Wait, where did he get dry clothes?" asked John, looking down at his own sodden, muddy and blood stained clothing. Then the blond shivered—right on cue.
"M'fine," said John, returning back to the matter at hand. "Okay so you want us, Lizzy and me, to move in with you?"
'Oh, oh my God. Just... HIS skin is soft, but prickly, where he missed a spot shaving-GOD! Oh God! That’s HOT!' And back to those lips of One-Thousand-and-One Nights of fantasy. More kissing-nothing gentle now-just the hard forceful meeting of two men, who had been starving for one another for too damn long. 'Fuck, I sound like a bad romance novel,' thought John. 'Must be lack of oxygen from too much kissing. Who cares, I don't care!'
"The first time you had any sex in eight months," continued the detective. "The first time I had sex in..."
(Well, of course John (my John) is always miserable and exhausted. Between caring for a young infant, working in a dull (deadly dull) clinic, and avoiding the attention of that harridan witch, which the doctor (my doctor) stubbornly calls his wife, it's a wonder that John (my John) was able to crawl here at all."
"Don't attempt to distract me, Sherlock," snarled Mycroft. "I don't know a thing about this man. I doubt you know the truth about him. He's hiding his past for a reason."
'Sherlock's plan may be bad news for Mary,' considered the doctor, as he ministered to the other side of his detective's chest. "But what's that to me? After all, she isn't very nice. She's not any nicer than that cabbie. Of course I could handle her myself. I really don't need Sherlock to protect me...although it's kind of hot when he does get all alpha male protective on me. Yeah...hot.'
John glared and imagined all the cabbies laughing at him behind his back...with the newspaper boys no less.
"I'm going to kiss your forehead," said the detective leaning down, "but I don't want you to kiss me until…"
'It's not so much their affair," thought the good doctor. 'It's all the lying and cheating. And it's more Mary than James. And dammit, it's the shooting of Sherlock-that was unforgivable. And then there were the threats and...'
Confused John looked just like a bemused little Shar-pei, thought the affectionate detective. Sherlock knew that he was a bit irrational just now, even, in fact, a bit sentimental. He knew that this was because he was still a bit high on endorphins and oxytocin and getting what he wanted (twice) (three times in John's case) (and Sherlock could die happy just recalling the visuals and sounds of John coming apart for him three times)...not to mention that Sherlock was so damned right, as usual.
"Come along, John," said Sherlock, ignoring his exasperated sibling. "Let's find some dry clothes; I'm sure there's plenty of my old things upstairs. Mummy never wants to toss anything."
"Yes, yes, yes, John," interrupted the now eager detective, "I understand that you are uncomfortable expressing your emotions, yet you feel the need to emote, so please just spit it out."
'Which is ridiculous. We'll have to lay down some ground rules about being overly possessive...later,' thought John. '...like tomorrow later.'
Sherlock was left with an uncomfortable arousal and an arm that was falling asleep because of someone's heavy, blond head. He was also certain that John was secretly laughing at him even as the devious little man began to snore.
"Very good, John!" the detective congratulated John and beaming proudly. "I didn't think you'd notice that she was working again. No one could blame you for leaving her under those circumstances, although why you care what people think is beyond even my comprehension."
John successfully darkened his glower—a fairly significant achievement for a blue-eyed blond. "I ought to sharpen up some wooden stakes,” hissed the sprite lunging at Richard Talbot.
"Who's Finn?" demanded Sherlock who disliked not knowing anything—especially when Mycroft so clearly
Sherlock was concerned, and his fingers drummed a nervous cadence on the desk. Upon reflection, he didn't think that John's dentist was treating this infection even a little aggressively. He wished that he knew the name of John's dentist, so that he could research him or her. He considered contacting Mycroft, who would certainly know the name of the dentist and who would of course have a complete dossier on said dentist. But then, John's dentist couldn't be completely incompetent, or Mycroft would have replaced the dentist long before now.
Meanwhile, the two brothers now glared suspiciously at one another. Mycroft spoke first. "Sherlock, can you see that he's glowing?" queried the older sibling.
Who wouldn't have second thoughts about sleeping with a sociopath? How could he expect John to develop a relationship with the man who had faked his own death...for two years...breaking John's heart. Any reasonable man would have second thoughts (and third and fourth thoughts) about living with a consulting detective, who would undoubtedly expose John and his daughter to danger through his cases and his many enemies...not to mention Sherlock's experiments, which were clearly a safety hazard.
'Oh GOD! Maybe it's me.' thought John, loosening his hold on Sherlock's neck. 'Maybe I can't even kiss right anymore. I should say something-anything. What, what the hell should I say?'
Sherlock had only noticed that John was one hour and thirty-eight minutes late, because his transport was thirsty. John always made his tea, and tea had been delayed by one hour and thirty-eight minutes. John followed a routine, and naturally, Sherlock’s transport had grown used to this routine. Generally, it took John fifty-three minutes to navigate from the surgery to Baker Street. Sherlock could usually complete the exact same route in thirty-one minutes but John would dither at the newsstand or insist on purchasing a cup of weak, tepid tea, which invariably spilled.
Sherlock could only hope that John wasn't suffering from some supernatural injury or a curse or a spell or something.
"Dammit, Sherlock," exclaimed the doctor standing up, "I can't talk to you about this if you interrupt me...now I can't remember what I was saying..." The former army doctor assumed parade rest, without adjusting his robe.
John leaned forward, wearing his rather cute, dropped-jaw, gob-smacked look, while allowing his robe to gape open invitingly. Sherlock hastily reminded himself that John was 'not gay'. Besides a gentleman would never take advantage a man who had just left his assassin wife, not to mention, it was bit not good to peek at the goods of another man who wasn't interested because he 'wasn't gay'.
, John," said the unctuous baritone. His voice was as slippery as Mycroft’s albeit deeper. "They just don't understand the most basic concepts—like when one is compelled to follow one's fate."
The World's Only Consulting Detective pouted behind the tapered index fingers that rested lightly against his lips. (I can't even bring poor John (my poor John) on a case without Mary carrying on like a fishwife. And he refuses to leave her until 'the time is right', whatever that means! And if she's done more than bruise him this time, if she hurt Elizabeth (my goddaughter, Elizabeth Shirley), then I shall eliminate Mrs. Watson- even if John never speaks to me again. At least they (my family) will be free of that little bleached-blond witch.')
Once everyone had left, and Elizabeth had been put to bed in her cot (also provided by Mycroft, but without the sneering), Sherlock and John had participated in the clichéd but immensly satisfying couple's ritual of Make-up Sex. Sherlock really, really liked Make-up Sex and did not want to forego that pleasure.
'As if John hadn't panicked after Elizabeth spent half a day vomiting. As if John hadn't demanded x-rays and CT scans. As if John I-am-a-Saint Watson hadn't made a doctor cry and startled a nurse into standing at attention, while he delivered orders,' thought Sherlock. 'Of course, I made two nurses and two doctors and a lab tech cry...and I got the specialist to see Elizabeth immediately by mentioning his affair with the radiologist. Best not to mention that right now.'
The detective firmly set a hand on each side of his blogger's face. He bent down and took John's lips, pressing a hard, almost bruising kiss against the ex-soldier's mouth. The taller man turned his head slightly to optimize oral contact. When John gasped, Sherlock used the doctor's parted lips to his advantage. He licked the smaller man's lower lip, then slid their lips back together into another kiss ending with a bite to his doctor's lower lip just once-not too hard, but hard enough to make sure John didn't try to back away again, (because THAT would be intolerable) Then the taller man licked over the red, swollen, nibbled lip, the lip that John always teased him with, the lip Sherlock had coveted for so long...
So in this chapter John and Sherlock do somethings for the first time. A lot of it is implied. This is the chapter where I think it earns an M rating. I really don't think it's an E, but since I haven't found a 'How to Rate Your FanFic for DUMMIES' page, I'll just have to guess. As with tags, I really don't know what I'm doing. Anyway, it's all for fun and yes, the characters are OOC.
"No! God, no. She's never, ever hurt Lizzy, you know that! And I've been very careful when I'm alone with Mary, since… Well, as I said, I got the knife away from her and as you can see, there's no damage done," said John, dropping the frozen peas and holding open his hands as if to display his supposedly un-damaged condition.
"No, no, no, leave David alone," said the doctor wearily. "I don't care that she cheated on me. Since that day...since she shot you...well, I really don't care what she does. Besides, I've left her; it's done with."
(I was right, of course) thought Sherlock, taking a long, deep, satisfying drag on the last cigarette that would ever be smoked in 221b. After all, it would be irresponsible to smoke in the flat after a baby moved in (Not just a baby, John's baby...maybe...someday...maybe,  our baby?)
"Anyway, I was not referring to Mycroft. I'm not sure whether that disclosure was entirely your fault." John's mouth dropped open, astonished to find that it was his fault at all. "No, I refer to you preparing to perform magic in the sitting room, and inviting a vampire to tea."
Phillip tapped the wand against the pantry door three times. The lights flickered mysteriously, courtesy of young Leonora, who lurked next to the light switch. Phillip grinned conspiratorially and opened the door with a flourish. The pantry remained jam-packed with tins and sundries but did not contain a short blond man.
Besides, Mary was female and Sherlock was male. Even though John was a natural bottom, who seemed to relish the various forms of homosexual intercourse which they had sampled in the past eighteen hours, John would be more comfortable maintaining his heterosexual stereotype. Apparently John was even willing to suffer Mary's abuse.
"My goodness, John, look at this cut!" exclaimed Mummy, shaking her head at the long cut on John's cheek.
"No!" said the Holmes brothers. Mycroft smirked to have Sherlock on his side again. Sherlock ignored his brother to berate his possibly unfaithful leprechaun.
"...had a taste of it before..." suggested Sherlock, his eyes lighting up with another successful deduction.
The consulting detective raised his brow, acknowledging his former flat mate's unexpected appearance in 221B on a rainy Wednesday morning. The lanky brunet leaned forward, elbows balanced on his bony knees, fingers steepled together, glacial blue eyes scanning John Watson, boring into him, deducing him.
"Speaking of sleeping," said John the Shar-pei pup wearing his serious look. "Sherlock, I appreciate your offer to let us stay here, but well...I don't want us to be any bother."
"Yes, perhaps," agreed Sherlock noncommittally, casting an approving glance at his obviously well-shagged lover (three times!), "Well, Mycroft, I suppose I should say thank you."
"Hm, perhaps you're right. You'd end up being the one to fix the radiator anyway," said Sherlock. "Perhaps I'll try to obtain an electric space heater tomorrow."
"Yes, of course, John," Sherlock quickly assented. If he couldn't cuddle John properly, at least he could let the poor man sleep. "And for the record, John…"
"Dabid Camewon...and Mycwoft Homes," said John. "She'wock, Ah weawy don't feel good. Can Ah pwease, go back to sweep?"
Sadly, HE probably wouldn't want a boring old, single parent like John hanging around, but maybe, once in a while, perhaps, just occasionally, HE'D allow John to help on an occasional case?
As John's very talented mouth began working on Sherlock's neck, Sherlock's skillful hands had begun to map out the previously undiscovered territory of his doctor's body. His John's skin was mostly smooth and soft, his chest lightly dusted with hair. But the detective's sensitive fingertips felt the scars, which life had littered over his soldier.
The consulting detective crept closer to the bed. The former army doctor was almost cute in spite of his illness. Actually, a sleeping John was always very cute, although Sherlock was clever enough not to say so.
The room was quiet aside from the sleet hitting the window and the shuffling of the doctor’s feet as he slowly collected the tea...and then the milk.
"Their trysts made it into the gossip columns, John," explained the detective. "It will be simpler to list the people who didn't know: such as people currently in a coma, or people living Tibet and who also do not have access to the Internet, or you, or..."
(Why now?) Sherlock wondered. (If he didn't leave Mary over her infidelity or because of her abuse, then what made him leave her now?)
The detective was still exploring John's body and still muttering into John's hair, but he stuttered briefly when John discovered Sherlock's rosy-brown nipples, which had been hiding under the silky smooth, purple shirt-of-sex.
When he heard the shower finally come on, Mycroft laughed out loud for the first time since he could remember, because Operation: Sherlock's Goldfish was an unqualified success.
"Maybe I can show you later, when I'm not sick and disgusting," said John, rolling over. "G'nite She’wock."
"I was looking for you. I need fresh tea; my cup is cold, and we're still out of sugar." Sherlock couldn't ask about dinner because of his well-known negative stance on food.
"Manddibuwar." As expected from his slurred speech, John mangled the word mandibular, which was fairly amusing. It was the reason why Sherlock had asked the question in the first place. Naturally, he had already observed that the swelling overlaid the left mandible.
…And Sherlock murmured about how stimulating he found John's firm biceps, not to mention John's firm gluteus.
." He must have observed Sherlock's blank look, so he continued his unhelpful explanation. "So they aren't hungry. Which is why they're in such good moods tonight. 'Course if they all ate before coming here, it doesn't explain why Richard is being even a bigger dick than usual. I guess he's just naturally a bloody prick."
John Watson gabbled something back to show how much he loved Sherlock and his mouth and hands and voice. Sadly, John found he was babbling like an idiotic, "Oh God, oh God, Sherlock." Sometimes he also made embarrassing moaning sounds too. Sherlock seemed to like the nonsensical blithering and the moaning, so John didn't mind at all. Indeed, he gabbled more, "Sh,Sherlock...God you're so...beautiful, so perfect...God, yes..."
"I didn't hear a horn," said Mycroft, nodding at Sherlock as if they were on the same team, which was preposterous. Sherlock repositioned himself to hover over his leprechaun, so that there would be no doubt that he was on John's team.
know the twins and especially, Richard Talbot?" asked Mycroft, smiling appreciatively at Sherlock's lover.
"Mmmm," said John, humming with post-ecstatic joy. "That! That cigarette is your last cigarette," added the doctor, 'because even if Sherlock did short out my brain with the World's Best Sex...and dear God, he's right, I am a natural bottom...Still, it's not as though I can't smell his bloody cancer sticks, stinking up the room.'
"You and Mary argued, again," said the younger man, beginning the deductions. "A bad argument, again. Your mobile phone was killed when it deflected the bullet...no...the knife...no..."
John was slurring his speech. Was he intoxicated? It wasn't Friday, so not a pub night. A disaster at the clinic then, a patient misdiagnosed or critically ill...perhaps someone had died? John took patient losses so personally.
The doctor squirmed, complained that he was fine, and then allowed Sherlock to place the bag of frozen peas on his head, after first ensuring that it was indeed only a sealed bag of legumes and not a bag of frozen body parts like last time.
He heard a noise...a soft whimper and some whispers...John. But John sounded distant and hoarse, upset. The sounds came... from a device somewhere in the room…Why would someone place a radio in the room broadcasting John and Elizabeth?
('Brother mine,') interrupted an imaginary Mycroft, who intruded his bulk even into Sherlock's mind palace, ('John Watson is becoming suspicious of your conspicuous pause without deducing him. If you don't wish your goldfish to discover the depth of your pedestrian sentiments, I suggest you say something rude and insensitive almost instantly.')
The detective's aversion now mixed with guilt. After all, he loved the man in his arms. Nevertheless, it was impossible to ignore the sweat seeping into Sherlock’s shirt.
Father stuck a faded canvas Tilley hat on his son's head. Sherlock turned toward the door but was blocked by Mummy.
Then he angrily brushed that thought aside, because it didn't matter. John required protection. Even if John chose Mary over Sherlock, Sherlock would ensure that the abuse would stop. Now.
John was overcome by chocolate-coated lust, which perhaps explained why he just stood there passively. Well, and he was still a bit overwhelmed by the Sherlock's NOT afraid of sex thing too.
John was frankly astonished when Mister I'm-Married-To-My-Work, began to ravage his mouth. It was hard to think while his mouth was under such an amazing, glorious assault, but John still wondered why he had labored under the misapprehension that Sherlock might be a bit shy when it came to sexuality.
John smiled again as the words echoed throughout his head, 'I've left her; it's done with…I've left her; it's done with. I left..."
"I made him disappear!" exclaimed Phillip, waving a plastic, glitter-covered magician's wand from some toy shop.
'Mycroft warned me that this would happen,' thought the detective with a sour, almost Mycroft-ish look, 'He warned me that sentiment is detrimental to logical thinking. The recent and repeated sexual intercourse between me and my blogger must have addled my brain. We shall have to forego all further intimacy if I am to retain my unparalleled mental acuity .'
Normally, John was eager remove his clothing with Sherlock, but the leprechaun continued his unpleasant, out-of-character behavior, planting his feet firmly on the floor, while glaring daggers at the tall, dark stranger.
(There was certainly time for one or even two more last cigarettes.) he calculated. Sherlock was high on John, not brain damaged, and he could estimate how long he had before the self-imposed smoking ban began.
He noted that almost everyone else looked scandalized too. Possibly, they had finally realized that there were vampires in the room; more likely, they were shocked, because Sherlock was going to change his lover's clothing.
"Anyway, I did provoke her. She wanted me to go with her on holiday to Belarus. I told her, 'no, I would prefer a divorce.' I probably should have been a bit more diplomatic, but it just came out. She threw my phone and it ricocheted off my head and fell to the floor and broke. But aside from the phone..."
He grinned sweetly at the taller man who had stopped talking and who now frowned. John's smile faded.
No, clearly the renegade leprechaun had responded to some supernatural call, and if magic was involved how was Sherlock to find his missing lover?
"No I didn't," scoffed John, who wondered if maybe he did do that. He vaguely remembered screaming and being handed an Oscar...
"It's the first time we had sex together, the first time you bottomed with anyone...you are a natural at it, too..."
Recovering from his initial shock, John rose up on his toes, and attacked Sherlock's soft, pink, pouty lips, which had figured so prominently in the doctor's fantasies. Now John could lick and taste the real thing. Now he finally, finally could suck on that delectable Cupid's bow. And now those large, talented hands were running up and down his sides, which was distracting-but in a good way. John didn't mind. He liked it. He relished Sherlock's touch.
"Wait. I'm what?" said the blond, looking down at his compact hands, which, in addition to glowing, were cut and bleeding. Sherlock grabbed one of John's hands to examine it more closely, "I don't see any glow," muttered John sounding grumpy now.
"Nonsense, her middle-of-the-night meals will be no inconvenience to me, for, as you know, I require little sleep," he said, toning down his baritone, so as not to alarm the almost, but-not-quite, sleeping baby. "Indeed, it will be a benefit to you since you are clearly not getting sufficient sleep."
"First of all, stick to small words, John,” said Sherlock. “Preferably, words without liquid consonants.”
"Don't be an idiot, John. She is technically still the mother of our...I mean your child. I did not have Mary killed. Mycroft will invite Mary- whose real name, ironically, is Angel- to make a great deal of money by taking care of some issues in Eastern Europe."
"Mrs. Hudson is our landlady, not our babysitter," murmured John, who crawled on top of his incredibly handsome and ridiculously tall lover so that he could more easily kiss said lover.
"I didn't hear you properly," said the detective slowly spinning the doctor around, " Tell me again about your feelings."
"He went outside to check on a horn or something," said Cousin Avaril, twisting a stand of auburn hair between her fingers. She was twenty-three...no twenty-four and had finally given up her hopeless crush on Sherlock—only to be smitten with the blond tea maker. Avaril had followed the leprechaun like a puppy all afternoon.
'Mycroft will turn positively green with envy when he learns about our sex holidays,' thought Sherlock.
Impossible. How could it be 03:12...now 03:13. Sherlock Holmes did not drift off to sleep for nearly four hours when he had slept for nearly six hours the night before.
And the doctor's funny speech was really cute. It was so cute that Sherlock decided to switch off the light and risk climbing into bed to sit next to John. It helped to know that abscesses were not contagious, which he had known all along, but the online confirmation didn't hurt.
"Ah'll just lie back on my own piwwows," offered John, guessing the problem in one. The blond tried to roll away but was stopped when Sherlock's strong arms tightened around him.
"Cake, Mycroft?" interrupted Sherlock, proffering a slice of carrot cake. Mycroft curled his lip into a sneer and shook his head, before returning his glance to John with a smile.
(Clearly NOT angry. Excellent! Shower sex may be back on the menu. Although John's arse and his mouth might need some time to recover fully. No matter, there are plenty of other things we can do, especially in the shower."
"Coffee?" Cousin Avaril interrupted brightly, handing John and Sherlock each a mug of coffee. "Luckily," she gushed like a hormonal geyser, "the gas stove is working, so the coffee is hot and fresh, unlike that tea, Sherlock gave you, John."
Ah! The front door finally opened. There was a brief delay (to hang up his coat). And there was the tread of the doctor's feet coming up the stories—bit slower than usual. John was probably cold and tired. Today's small talk would be about the foul weather AND some tedious incident in the clinic.
"Never mind the scones!" snapped Sherlock, restraining his full fury only because it was Mummy. "And never mind the storm. I have to find John."
Mummy tutted some more and patted John's face dry. Sherlock was truly uncomfortable with Mummy touching his leprechaun and making John look so shaggable. It wasn't right. It was Oedipal or something, and it had to stop.
"Richard Talbot is a very influential individual. I've run into him at dinner parties and charity events...oh, and of course I see him at Ascot, every year without fail. You could have knocked me over with a feather when I saw him standing in Mummy's sitting room."
This was brilliant. John could be unexpectedly intelligent. Plus, it meant that John would have to share stories about his time in the army. Sherlock had long wanted to hear about John’s experiences in Afghanistan.
"Delicious," muttered Sherlock, his voice low and sinful. His lips moved over John's face-ever so slightly rough even after his morning shave. He traveled over to an ear (which had also been teasing him for quite some time.) He breathed his voice into his doctor's perfect ear, murmuring a deduction and feeling John shudder and moan under his skillful ministrations. Of course, John's ear was also perfect for nibbling on, just like the doctor's perfect lips.
This was clearly an urgent matter- no time for modesty. John stumbled out of bed. Those vigorous, repeated sessions of sex did make walking a challenge for the doctor...
"Tea, anyone? Or scones? I managed to save a few," offered Mummy, pushing between John and his visitors with a tea tray and wagging her brows significantly at her younger son.
"No, of course not; they don't concern you at all," said the brunet, carefully modulating the volume of his voice as he was taught by John, Mrs. Hudson, Mary, Gavin, Molly...well, everyone really. "Actually, they concern you...a little... but your input is not required. Now, what's wrong? Is Elizabeth ill?"
Sherlock briefly entertained the notion of pushing John to the floor as payback, but thought better of it (thanks to his angelic, John-shaped conscience). In the end, he did love John and was even a little bit glad to see that his partner seemed to be feeling better. Instead of pushing John away, he allowed his doctor to rest, using Sherlock’s arm as a pillow.
And technically, John hadn't said anything about being sick. Nor had he indicated that he was going to bed without feeding Sherlock.
“But…Ah was hoping that ‘one day at a time’ could start tomorro’?" said John. "It's been a wong day and I'm weawy and tiwed.”
'It's mostly Mycroft's stupid fault. Mycroft- with his stupid 'Sherlock's still a virgin' shite. Stupid, stupid Mycroft.' thought the doctor, who was dizzy all over again, because Sherlock was a damn fine kisser, making John forget how to breathe, never mind thinking...A. Damn. Fine. Kisser.
The World's Only Consulting Detective dragged his hand through his unruly curls as he made his slow, dissatisfied, shuffling way back to the sitting room.
Of course, this led to one conclusion, or rather to two possible conclusions, the doctor decided. Either Sherlock had a dressing gown fetish OR Sherlock was ready to breakup his own marriage to The Work to have an affair with John. Which logically made John the other woman...well, the other man, considering the fact that Little John hadn't been this hard in half a decade or more.
“No, you git," said John, jabbing his elbow into Sherlock's side, but without much force. "Ah meant…"
"I can see him glow when he's using magic. And apparently so can you," explained Sherlock. "John thinks it's
Uninvited Guests crash Mummy"s tea party. Someone might want John for dinner…or did he want Sherlock? And was it for dinner or something else?
"You needn't try to hide the bruise, I'm sure even Anderson would have noticed it, " said the detective coldly, as he pushed John's hand away from the contusion, gently parting the doctor's blond-brown-graying hair to examine the goose egg on John's (my John's) temple.
Sherlock was impressed. Because John was incandescent. After the first few minutes, when John (his John) was doing a very good impression of a deer-in-the-headlights, the former soldier, known as 'Three Continents' Watson, had suddenly rejoined the game, illustrating with his mouth some of the reasons why he'd been so popular among the ladies.
"No! You git!" exclaimed John. "Ah toad you this mo’ning! Ah hab an abscess. Bad tooth! Second mower on the left."
"I'll get you some more coffee, John," muttered Avaril. John didn’t seem to care, which pleased Sherlock immensely.
…Sherlock deduced that the long healing cut on John's side was a knife wound, and Mary caused it, and Sherlock had a plan for Mary.
'At least, it's all over now,' thought John. Thankfully, she hadn't even threatened to kill him or Sherlock… unless her seeming acceptance was all a ruse. John pulled nervously at his lip, wondering if she was plotting some kind of revenge after all.
"Because...because...your trousers," said John, who suddenly found complete sentences beyond his grasp. "Get them dirty. Dry clean only."
"And secondly,” continued Sherlock. “You know that my aversion to your sweat is non-existent during intercourse. Indeed, I find it attractive and arousing, perhaps because of the pheromones.”
Sherlock hadn't felt any weird attraction for the vampire, so he wondered if the vampire really was casting a glamour as John asserted. However, the detective did feel a twinge of conceited pleasure when John became jealous on his account, so he let the matter be. He was also proud of John for discovering that Sherlock had hidden cigarettes in his coat.
John twisted his head back and forth, as if that would force his emotions out of the room. "I think," said the doctor, with his fake I'm-all-right smile, "I think, she just wants to be held."
"What? Why" rumbled Sherlock, his voice improbably low pitched. Then a crease formed between the detective's eyes, as he looked with concern at his flushed, debauched blond, who was unsteadily backing up. (Oh God, I've scared him off. I pushed him too fast. I haven't given him enough time to go through his sexual identity crisis, although I did think that nearly five years would have been long enough,) thought the detective. ('No. I was Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Or maybe I hurt him? Did I hurt him?')
"He called me to the hunt with the horn like always," said John answering Mycroft first (which was hateful to Sherlock).
He held his blogger close, yet he couldn't help but notice that John was abnormally warm. This was only to be expected, given that John was running a low-grade fever. However, John was also a bit sweaty. This might have been expected, yet it was a bit repugnant too.
"Oh no," said John, "The cuts are from Fionn. He whipped me when he rode off. They all did—more or less. They always go a bit mad when their invitation is rejected—violent tempers, the lot of them. One of them got my shoulder pretty good, too. It's always my shoulder…" John's grumbling trailed off, as he twisted his neck, trying look at the back of his left shoulder.
The Holmes brothers fought to make headway against the rising wind and rain; within minutes their shoes and trousers were soaked.
"You could..." John leaned forward more and nodded his head for emphasis, "...have wooked..." His head nodded again and his brows began climbing up his forehead, "for me in the bedwoom. I toad you. I'm sick." Head nod." He reminded Sherlock of an angry little chicken or possibly a cockatiel?
John Watson felt rather than saw the consulting detective rush past like an express train. Looking up, he saw the express come to come to an abrupt stop, as if someone had pulled the emergency break. In slow motion, the train crashed into his chair, leaving his endless legs stretched out in front of him. His long fingered hands rose to his chin, no doubt praying to the god of endless cognition.
"...and this is my sister, Jacinthe," said the male twin. He and his sister were chatting politely with Mummy.
Fionn mac Cumhaill, if you know what I mean," said John, with raised eyebrows. John was much more like himself now, but Sherlock was too worried about this Finn fellow to appreciate that John had recovered from whatever caused his earlier mental confusion.
Sherlock ignored his father's questions and shook free of his father's hand. Obviously, he couldn't reveal that John was in fact a magical being, who was more than capable of disappearing in front of everyone. Sherlock didn't give a damn what his father was saying now; the detective was too busy trying not to panic. He had deduced that John was in some sort of magical danger (why else disappear without telling Sherlock), and Sherlock had to find his leprechaun
"Whoever," corrected Sherlock and Richard in unison, which irritated Sherlock, because now Richard was making Sherlock seem pedantic.
Sherlock put a protective (and he hoped controlling) arm around his sprite, which also dislodged Avaril from John's side. However, it also brought Mummy's sharp glance over to John and Sherlock.
Mycroft as usual, had to interfere, grabbing Sherlock’s arm. "It would help if we knew the nature of the threat," said Mycroft, turning first to the leprechaun and then to the twins.
"JESUS, MARY AND JOSEPH! Fionn lusts after everyone. I can handle Fionn mac Cumhaill and his enchantments," asserted John.
John sat in the old armchair (his old armchair), sipping his tea, which had been steeped the right way (not her way).
"John, there's no point in showering right now, and I wish to smoke one of my few remaining cigarettes.'
'Oh God...Oh, God! Oh..." thought John, who had never been this turned on before, proving that he was probably gay after all or at least bi-sexual. Little John agreed enthusiastically, so it was all fine.
(No, he doesn't seem hurt, or upset. And he's kissing me again; using his lips, tongue, teeth...John (MY John) doesn't really want to stop-so not a sexual identity crisis then. My John probably thinks he's being a gentleman, when really he's just being an idiot (MY idiot. My idiot forever.)
John was out there in that blasted storm? And what was this business with a horn? The detective had a bad feeling about all this, and while he generally didn't base any of his actions on some ill-defined sentiment, he would make an exception for John. He reached for his coat but was stopped by his father, who laid a hand on his arm.
(That's it?) thought Sherlock. (After waiting for years, all I get is a stupid little peck on the mouth from John 'Three Continents' Watson, the Casanova of Qandahar?)
"Since you are not contagious, and I did confirm this online, and since you are looking rather cute, I would like to hold you. It will help warm you up and might even help you sleep."
John, despite being a natural bottom with submissive tendencies, was also decidedly stubborn once his mind was made up. The former captain lowered his brows, flexed his muscles and pulled his lanky lover into the bathroom.
"Yes, and no. Same issues. However, we are 70% certain that she'll not only succeed but even survive," said the detective. "And if she does survive. Mycroft will probably be able to keep her and Sholto busy overseas for several years..."
The blogger smiled again (Sherlock still let his blogger blog about interesting cases), and the blogger sighed again, contentedly wistful, because it didn't matter if Sherlock didn't speak to him for hours or even days at a time, or if the great detective played the violin at strange times, or even if the git left body parts all over the place, because finally, finally John was home...
"The storm pushed you," claimed the waterlogged British government. "I'm fairly certain that your head struck the ground. You probably have a concussion."
(No. John is too quiet, besides John doesn't know his to delete his hard drive, because he's an idiot (my idiot).)
Sherlock sighed in relief. His brother didn't know that John actually did possess the ability to bewitch someone—or at least cast his glamour on them.
He placed his hand on John's back, and escorted his boyfriend up the stairs, eager to both strip John out of his wet clothes and to get some answers about Death who was coming to Mummy's tea.
Someone moaned; John was pretty damned sure that the moan came from his own mouth. His hands had found Sherlock and he clung helplessly to the strong, sinewy arms. Of their own volition, his fingers kneaded firm muscle while Sherlock Holmes ravished him with his lips and tongue, his teeth and...and...and that voice, which simply oozed with chocolate-coated lust.
Sherlock scowled, after she disparaged his tea. He also did not want any coffee. John of course acted grateful for the courtesy, bestowing a beaming smile on Sherlock's all-too appreciative cousin. She looked askance at Sherlock, before beaming back at John.
"Bah!" grumbled the detective. "You were being an unobservant idiot. You did not observe the missing button. But you were not a bother. Neither you nor your daughter will ever be a bother to me."
"Yes, you are," said Sherlock, dragging his blogger into his arms and settling the smaller man against his chest.
The doctor frowned, and the temperature in the room seemed to drop further as ice formed on John's eyelashes (not really of course, but Sherlock wouldn't have been surprised if it had).
"Damn the scones," Sherlock muttered mutinously, under his breath, as he stared out of the window. He couldn't see anything either, only wind-driven rain illuminated by lightning. What
Sherlock and his assembled relatives waited with bated breath for John to throw the first punch, but to Sherlock's surprise the leprechaun turned towards two more strangers, who were hidden behind Aunt Penelope and one of her large offspring, Clarence Otto.
(Oh, I WAS RIGHT.) thought Sherlock again. He did not notice that he was repeating himself, probably because he was high on John. (I was soooo right. John is most definitely a natural bottom. And such a good, tight bottom. And just as responsive and just as receptive as I'd imagined…actually, John is much more responsive and receptive than I imagined. And I was definitely right. Right about John-my John. John. John John,) repeated the detective who for once did not find reiteration dull, but after all, how could anything be dull when it concerned John.
"It isn't your Cousin Prudence," said John, leaning tiredly against Sherlock. "You know, you could both see much better if you actually used your Faery-sight properly."
"No. No, blue...blue's fine. Of course it's fine, but... are you suggesting...D'you want us to move in here?"
Because John secretly loved romance novels. He thought he might write his own romance novel someday. He'd write about chocolate-coated lust, and sneaky hands that burned and chilled with their touch, lips just made for kissing and deep, sinful voices that broke out from deep underground to utterly wreck poor ex-army moths...
"Never mind about that foolish, little man! We must return to the house," cried Mycroft. "What if someone was hurt. What if…Oh, dear God! I can't see the house. Where's the…"
"Yes, nice touch that. She'll have some one to pretend to care for, when the mood strikes her, and he'll have someone to live for, when he feels down. It gets them both out of the country and away from the people who would like to see them dead. And there are a lot of people who want them dead. Best of all, it will keep both of them away from YOU."
He did find himself back in bed, covers drawn up and held close to his detective's side. Baby Elizabeth was content in her godfather's other arm, as he stretched his long legs under the blanket and slowly relaxed backwards into the headboard.
(Interesting!) thought Sherlock Holmes, narrowing his eyes speculatively, the whole Mary and uncharted territory disaster was immediately shelved.
'And isn't that astonishing,' thought Sherlock with a proud smirk at his small family, 'BOTH Watsons love me. Mummy will be over the moon...and Mycroft will be so jealous.'
"Yet when I do manage to overcome my pathological aversions, you respond to comfort like a wilted flower,” said the genius.
Mostly they were old scars. Sherlock knew about the old shoulder wound, of course. But there were others, about which he knew nothing (yet) and a few newer scars-not even really scars yet. These were softer, still tender, probably pink or red-if he'd been able to see them. These were recent injuries.
The effete-seeming blond turned out to be much stronger than he looked, restraining the furious leprechaun with only one hand.
"I should, but I don't," said John, running his foot up and down Sherlock's long stretched out leg. "How long do we have before people come to gloat over me coming to my senses?"
She finally opened the door, wearing her purple, lilac and red floral print dressing gown. It was hideous as always, but Sherlock didn’t tell her so, because finding his fugaitve physician took precedence.
Unlike Richard, John didn't seem to mind when the twins kissed him, and Sherlock wanted to kill both of the blond visitors even more than he wanted to kill Richard.
"Well, that's a first. I don't think I ever heard you thank him," muttered the doctor, who wondered why he needed to be cleaned up and Sherlock didn't.
Sherlock had hoped that his fierce glare would keep his relatives at bay, but no. He'd been spotted by his Aunt Penelope, who sported five chins, all of which jiggled ominously over her lacy schoolgirl collar as she hobbled over.
"Yes, yes. Fine. Everyone knew about my wife and one of my oldest friends having an affair-except me, comatose patients and Tibetan hermits," muttered John, who scowled like a disconsolate Shar-Pei.
'And you promised yourself not to think like that,' thought John reprimanding himself sternly. 'Sherlock doesn't think of you as sexy, John Hamish Watson, so just stop thinking sexy thoughts.'
'Oh God, he doesn't want to even listen; he certainly won't welcome my inappropriate affections,' thought John. 'I've misread the whole thing...'
Sherlock shook John's arm, just in case the mysterious stranger was magical. He feared that the handsome stranger might be compelling Sherlock's leprechaun with some sort of spell. Hopefully, John wasn’t simply overcome by the man’s masculine beauty. In the process, John spilled more of his coffee, making Avaril cry out in disappointment.
"No," muttered Sherlock, who feared that his leprechaun had forgotten himself and was performing magic. John was supposed to keep his magical abilities secret for fear that someone (i.e. Mycoft) would discover it and then seek to exploit it. Sherlock lurched up and then raced to the kitchen, nearly knocking his brother over.
The pale man sneered at Sherlock and gave his head an affected shake, whipping his long, dark hair over his shoulder.
This plan was execllent. And it was proof that his mind was once more functioning properly, in spite of the drugged tea. Sherlock sighed happily.
Overhead, Elizabeth grizzled half-heartedly. The creaking sound indicated that John was utilizing the rocking chair, which Mycroft had delivered, after making sneering comments about Sherlock's goldfish. Surprisingly, John had almost immediately understood that he was the goldfish in question. Not surprisingly, he had wanted to punch Mycroft, and for some bizarre reason, Sherlock as well. Then, suppressing his violent tendencies, John had resolved to 'get some air'. Fortuitously, Mrs. Hudson's well-timed arrival with Miss Elizabeth Shirley Watson had prevented John's furious departure.
"Oh. My. God," said John repetitiously. It was dull hearing John repeat himself, but Sherlock would put up with even more repetition for John's sake. Besides, suddenly the robe slipped open again and that was decidedly not dull.
John’s pronunciation was extremely funny, but Sherlock managed to keep a straight face—better a straight face than a bruised face.
Besides, even Sherlock thought it would be rude to set a guest on fire at Mummy's tea party. He placed a restraining hand on the leprechaun's shoulder, while suggesting that they change out of their wet clothes.
*****(Not to mention, if you hurt Lestrade. I would be forced to retaliate.) said mind palace Mycroft, with a significant look at the short blond, who'd just finished his prepared speech.
The tempest overtook them, knocking the brothers to the ground. Looking up from under the hand, shielding his eyes, Sherlock saw leaves and branches flying past. He shook his head; in the roiling clouds it almost seemed as if he saw dark warriors on black steeds; he almost thought that he heard their cries and the sound of hooves thundering past.
"Yes, you did. I recorded it on my phone," said Sherlock, holding his mobile well out of the reach of the shorter-armed man. "Frankly, John, it was adorable."
Sherlock snatched the battered old Tilley hat off of his own head to shield John's face from the storm. In another flash of lightning, the detective observed a long, bleeding slash that cut across John's face from temple to chin. Fortunately it missed John's beautiful eyes, eyes that stared at the sky and not at Sherlock.
"Like most people, you use very little of your brain, John. The spinning is a way to narrow your focus, ensuring that are certain of what you say and also that you remember everything later, because this is monumental," said Sherlock, his intent gaze boring into the older man. "Now listen carefully. I don't hate you."
"Damn," muttered Sherlock. There was the proof; someone or something was wielding magic in those woods. It was risky to go on—if that light wasn’t emanating from John and if the source was hostile, Sherlock would be helpless against it.
"I thought you knew. Everyone knows,' Sherlock announced with militant nonchalance, because everyone did know, well almost everyone...
little slip-up is going to haunt us," muttered Sherlock darkly. "He's bound to try to take you away to have you tested in a secret laboratory or something."
"No," said John so quietly that it was difficult to make out his words over the wind and rain. "Sherlock was never in danger. I made sure that he was lucky enough to escape unharmed."
"Sherlock!" hissed Mycroft, who had come to a stop by a large yew. "There's something going on! Up by the front door. People...you don't think it's Cousin Prudence and her obnoxious brood? I cannot abide any of them. Mummy said that she'd invited Prudence. Can you make out who..."
'I'm an idiot,' he thought to himself in humiliation. 'I'll have to take Lizzy and move out of London. We'll have to move to the ends of the earth-to someplace where no one reads British gossip rags. We'll have to move to America-to some place like Cleveland...or Duluth...or, God forbid, New Jersey.'
"Noooo, but if John really is Fae—of which I have yet to be convinced—then he can probably defend himself from a single vampire," said the bureaucrat superciliously.
"Never mind, John. I meant, we, meaning Mycroft and um, me, so we could send Mary into uncharted, well new territory, territory that…um..." said Sherlock losing his train of thought, because John I'm-not-gay Watson was developing a hard on-while sitting in a room with only his best friend for company…his best male friend.
Still, normal humans couldn't see the faint light that emanated from John whenever he performed magic, so perhaps Mycroft wouldn't notice it either.
Gah!!! No. Not that! John’s tears were intolerable. Especially if Sherlock had been the one who caused John to cry—but then again, the two other times that John had cried had been Sherlock's fault too. Well, there wasn't going to be a third time. Not on Sherlock's watch.
"But surely John wouldn't go outside now, not when it's about to storm. See, it's already raining," said Mummy. "Besides, the scones are done."
''This is preposterous. I am a genius. Surely I can manage sex AND mind-work...hmmmm…Normally, I would simply delete distractions, however I refuse to ever delete John. Besides, I tried once, and he is undeletable...BUT, I could enlarge John's annex, making more room to store memories away until their presence is required. It will be John's boudoir, decorated in opulent blue and gold, quite unlike the camouflage design prevalent in most of his annex, and I will store our more intimate moments in there after each instance. That way, they will not interfere with clear thinking.' The tall brunet smirked. 'Now every day can be a sex holiday. Every day...except when we're on a case, obviously... Well, that stricture is unnecessary on the simple, waste-my-time cases that Gavin keeps yammering on about. Every day will be a sex holiday, except when we're on important cases...except when we're on cases over a...four. No, over a five.'
The detective was used to John's confusing explanations and decided to table the discussion until they were alone. Just now he wanted to prevent John from lighting Richard up like a Roman candle. "Calm down, John," murmured Sherlock. "I won't let him kiss you again." He tried to distract the leprechaun with another bit of scone.
The deflecting doctor placed a whisper of a kiss on the baby's head, and started to rise awkwardly, clearly stiff.
"How badly are you hurt?" demanded Sherlock, who didn't like John's strange, distant voice. "Did you hit your head?"
"Never mind," said Sherlock, awkwardly patting his leprechaun's back. "Mummy likes you, so I can use her against him, if my fat brother tries to cause trouble."
Earlier version Beta'd by Old Ping Hai, the revisions are un-Beta'd and as always, all mistakes are my own.
Sherlock frowned at his failed mission and stormed up the stairs, yelling  "John! John! Where are you! I need you, now!"
Sherlock glared at the man's cool overfamiliarity. Then he recalled John's description of the Grim Reaper. This man was tall (taller even than Mycroft). He was clearly more cool than Sherlock and more handsome. (Well, maybe not
'But how? How had the kidnappers reached John and the baby without waking me?' he wondered, while looking for clues.
Now John was not deductive genius, but he wasn't a total idiot. This meant something. The doctor thought about it hard, trying to use Sherlock's methods: Sherlock was staring at him-staring at dull, ordinary John Watson, while sporting an attractive blush and an impressive boner. Furthermore, Sherlock hadn't complained about being bored even once this morning (this was very significant). Finally, Sherlock had not rejected Duluth out of hand; in fact, the World's Only Consulting Detective had implied that he would accompany John and Lizzy, should they need to immigrate to the United States to avoid the impertinence of newsboys and the insults of rude cabbies.
Sherlock slapped his hands over his ears as soon as he heard the sound of retching emanating from the loo. He hated that sound. Why did John have to be sick tonight? If he’d become ill last Monday, Sherlock would have been on that case at Harrods. It was only a six, but at least the thieves had made an effort to be interesting. If it had been Monday, then Sherlock would have been out of the flat, and wouldn't have been forced to listen to those wretched, sick, choking sounds.
"Ahm not cute," said John, looking fiercely adorable in the dim light that crept in from the hallway.
The elder Holmes grabbed Sherlock's neck and dragged him close, trying to shelter him from the end of the world. The storm howled and shrieked, sucking the air out of Sherlock's lungs as he tried to shout to his brother over the tidal wave of sound.
But the violin: now that sounded almost not-dull. He'd been learning a new piece, and he'd been having a spot of trouble with the adagio. Now would be the perfect time to play, since it wouldn't have to compete with the telly.
"Ta, fo' that," muttered John, as his arms automatically re-assumed their defensive position across his chest.
He also hoped that his brother, the British government, didn't notice John's golden aura. Mycroft would be first in line to abduct and then 'study' a magical leprechaun like John. Then the poncy bureaucrat would probably want to weaponize Sherlock's boyfriend—or worse.
know it, whatever it was. Not to mention, Sherlock had a feeling that this Finn should be placed on the list of Beings Who Wanted John (the original title had been Beings Who Had Shagged John or Who Wanted to Shag John, but that file name was a bit too unwieldy).
"Sorry, Ma'am," said John, once again standing at attention to receive his dressing down and the requisite drying off. Then he began to explain, "But I really had no choice. Fionn called me and…"
'Dammit, soldier,' thought the former Captain Watson, 'don't just stand there like a virgin sacrifice, get some for yourself.' The former soldier shuddered (and possibly moaned) and tried to collect his scattered thoughts. Then gave up thinking as a lost cause; he abandoned reasoning, after all, 'Sherlock's here, and he's way better at thinking and reasoning anyway. Let him do it."
Holmes the Eldest stuck his head in the pantry, shifting the contents around, as though he expected to find John hiding behind the tins of soup.
Upon his arrival home, it only took the good doctor twelve minutes to provide Sherlock with a perfect cup of tea. Say what you will about John Watson, at least the man made wonderful tea—just the way Sherlock liked it.
At this point, the water would be hot. Then the tea would be steeping, milk and sugar was added and voilà, Sherlock's tea would be served at 18:07 plus or minus five minutes.
This hope was short lived, because Mycroft, as usual, noticed everything. His eyes widened, and then narrowed into slits as he stared incredulously at the lambent leprechaun.
Then on top of everything else, John began to glow, which meant he was doing some sort of leprechaun magic.
"See, even now the thought of a homosexual tryst puts you off, making you blush," said the detective. "Nonetheless, you are adorable when you blush, John."
Sherlock ran up the steps to John's old room, now Elizabeth's room, her newly painted blue room, (not pink like Mary had demanded.)
Sherlock shook his head. Thunder sounded yet again, though it was now moving away, leaving Sherlock to call for his lover in vain.
He couldn't lose John. Who would make the tea? Who would accompany Sherlock on cases and remind everyone how brilliant Sherlock was? Who would watch crap telly with him? Or make him eat? Or cuddle with him? Or yell at him while doing that adorable mouth-pursuing thing that made John look like a furious little hedgehog? Who would keep Sherlock right?
"Well, he isn't here! I'm in my dressing gown, Sherlock," she said, stating the obvious and raising her voice at the end of his name, which also indicated displeasure in his behavior.
had a history, moving Richard to the top of Sherlock's To Kill List. "...bloody upper-class vampire," muttered John furiously, still rubbing his cheek. "...thinks he can feed on whomever he likes…"
"Yeah, Ah do. How about my PTSD, like when Ah ova-weact to ce’tain noises and ce’tain news stowies? Mm? How about my nightma’es?"
"I can tell that Sherlock is fine...as are you…aside from some bruising," intoned John in a sepulchral voice that Sherlock didn't even recognize. "Those…I could heal."
John smiled hopefully at his best friend and waited for Sherlock to deduce everything (except THAT, well, maybe even THAT, because then John won't have to say anything at all about THAT).
Root canal would make John cranky; Sherlock would have to try to find a cold case to avoid John post operatively.
"It's Fionn mac Cumhaill. You have to come when he calls!" shouted John, jutting his chin out. "But…" he paused, poking Sherlock with his finger for emphasis, "but he never forces anyone to join the hunt or his bed. Never!"
"Really, I thought you boys would have enough sense not to venture out into such a terrible storm!" scolded the matriarch.
"Hmmm, that would be acceptable…" murmured Sherlock. The he spoke with more energy, "In fact, that will give me time to make preparations, and it will give you time to sleep up."
John did not deny this, and Sherlock felt the urge to take John back to London at once, despite the renewed winds that battering his parent's home.
"Don't be foolish," hissed Mycroft at everyone, most especially at his furious sibling. "I'm sure John is playing a childish prank. He must have snuck off...perhaps he's skulking upstairs."
John still hadn't brought up the sugar, let alone refreshed Sherlock's now cold tea. And where was dinner? It was nearly half nine.
"After I got you off for the third time, and you all but passed out after screaming so loud that one of the married ones next door banged on the wall. I think it was Reggie pounding on the wall and telling you to shut up. He's the one who works from home and he hasn't been getting any recently due to the stress that Arnold is undergoing at work," mused Sherlock. "And it was after you thanked God, and thanked me and thanked the academy..."
'And now I can concentrate on the mystery of the drugged tea... ... ...Although I suppose it is remotely possible that the tea was not drugged after all. But then why on earth would I have slept for four whole hours after sleeping nearly six hours the night before…'
His smug self satisfaction, coupled with the drugged tea, kept him from attending to what John was saying. Fortunately, he tuned back in to his blogger's discourse just in time.
"Oh God, yes!" exclaimed John. "I don't think she'll fight it though. Once she realized that I meant to leave her, she seemed only too eager to ditch little Lizzy too...unless she's plotting something. But I don't think she is-plotting that is. After she broke m'phone, and I won the knife from her, she just stormed out of the kitchen and started packing… You know, I think she may be having an affair. Not with David, he hasn't gotten over his disappointment that Lizzy is mine. No, I think she's found someone new..."
"What have you done!" roared Sherlock, reaching for his plump cousin's throat. Aunt Penelope muffled a cry of distress into her hankie, as Mycroft tugged his brother in one direction and Mummy tugged Phillip in another direction.
"He looks ridiculous flitting around in that cape," said the detective, leaning down to mutter into his shorter partner's ear. "No doubt he thinks he looks all dramatic and mysterious when it swirls around him."
The siblings still clutched one another like terrified children. Then they remembered that they were stoic British men and quickly pushed each other away. They stumbled to their feet and surveyed the wrack and ruin.
Sherlock reared back as if stung. (Always in love with someone else. Always? That implies a romance of longstanding duration,) thought Sherlock. (Has my John been pining for that Sarah all these years...No, that's just stupid...Maybe, maybe he loves Sholto. Mary implied that John and Sholto...)
"It seems like you have my life all planned out," John murmured into his lover's pale, nearly hairless broad chest.
"No. I need to ascertain who is under threat of death and why," said the British government, smoothing down the front of his immaculate three-piece suit.
Sherlock frowned; the flu was a very disgusting illness, what with all the coughing and excessive mucous production. At least during the flu, John had retreated to his old third floor bedroom, because he didn't want Sherlock to catch the virus too, which was quite thoughtful of John. Pity John was less thoughtful tonight...
"Oh! You left because you still think that the baby isn't yours," said the detective. "In spite of the paternity tests, which I oversaw, you still worry that Elizabeth is David's child."
Two fingers. Now that was rude. And confusing. Normally, John did enjoy Sherlock's performances, especially in the middle of the night. John said that the music helped him to sleep.
"And you didn't think to mention it to me?" cried Sherlock, stepping in front of the shorter man and stopping him cold.
Instead, his blogger sat, smiled and looked…different. It was puzzling. Sherlock had an irrational urge to go to John and hold him, except Sherlock never cuddled anyone…except of course Elizabeth, who looked like a miniature John Watson, but who wouldn't squeal about not being gay. The puzzled detective stood up abruptly saying, "I shall get you the ice bag for the contusion on your head."
"There are no wolves in Britain, John," said Sherlock following his brother who was suddenly hurrying toward their parents' home.
"Yes. Certainly," John said with a nod. "But your brother’s already figured out that I wasn't completely human.”
"Fine. You insisted, so do not complain to me. It is called Operation: John-Comes-To-His-Senses. And incidentally, Operation: John-Comes-To-His-Senses automatically triggered Operation: Goodbye Mary so that everything is being accomplished in one well-thought-out swoop," said Sherlock, reaching for his second-to-last cigarette after all. "As a part of the plan, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade have already secured Elizabeth, with the assistance of the British government. Molly is directing the minions in packing up enough necessities so that you and Elizabeth can spend a day or two here, without worrying about such tedious details as packing, and without having to worry about exposure to Angel or the Major. Oh! And Mrs. Turner is getting that dreadful house listed for sale so that you won't begin to worry about that too, which you surely would. Mrs. Turner has a certificate, you know."
… Little John was rutting to be honest against a lean, firm, smartly dressed thigh, which had driven itself in between John's legs, presumably for just that purpose. And there was more.
"John, he's just trying to get a rise out of you. Mycroft said the vampires won't bite without written consent," reassured Sherlock, feeling fairly certain that Mycroft was right, because Mycroft was almost always right.
honk for no good reason. Beatrice said that she wouldn't miss meeting anyone who'd take up with Sherlock, come hell or high water. Come to think of it, I don't know what she meant by that. Anyone would be lucky to take up with Sherlock." The Holmes matriarch pushed her son temporarily out of the way, lifting the ruffled curtain to peer out into the murk. "Well, don't see Beatrice's car, but it’s very hard to see anything. That sky is black as night, and the rain's coming down in buckets! I cannot think
"Oh, my golly," cried the stupidest Holmes relation, "I really made him disappear. I really am magic!"
(Not to mention, if you hurt Lestrade. I would be forced to retaliate.) said Mycroft, with a significant look at the short blond, who'd just finished his prepared speech.
"I suppose I should kiss you now," mused the genius. "Before you have an opportunity to think about it any further. Your ceaseless ruminations…"
And then John found himself caught in a solar flare; John was being burnt alive, because, 'OH MY GOD! He's touching me THERE. No one's touched me THERE in years...years, and years, and years...and I'm going to come right here, all over his expensive suit, unless I stop this. Oh God...I...should stop...him. Ohhhh.'
"Mary, lied a lot, remember? Besides," grumbled John. "M'not even sure she heard Lizzy cry at night. Mary was always real tired, I guess that's to be expected what with her lovers and moonlighting as an assassin and all."
At first, the condition didn't seem very serious, and Sherlock wondered why John was behaving like such a baby. Common infection…Blah, blah, blah… Could be a sign of poor oral hygiene—not bloody likely in John's case. The man was a clean freak. The infection could be very painful (well, maybe that explained some of John's irritability). The condition was usually treated with antibiotics (hardly surprising) and root canal (Ouch!)
Soon cries of relief and some indignation drown out the sounds of the receding storm, while a of torch lights blinded all three of them even as they tried to shield their eyes with their arms.
While these questions were in fact, important, feared that he might be coming off a bit petulant. But he also didn’t appreciate being left out of the conversation. Nor was he comfortable with the way Richard was leering at him and John. Although in the darkened room, it was difficult to tell whether the creature was focusing on John or Sherlock.
"I miscalculated," said the consulting detective, sounding surprised at his own miscalculation. "I really thought you knew."
"Yes, John," said Sherlock. "Today is the first time you said that you loved me, not like a brother."
John opened his eyes, and as expected, saw Sherlock, immaculately dressed in his bespoke black suit and sexy too-tight purple shirt.
"Don't be an idiot, John," said the detective. "Elizabeth is with Mrs. Hudson. Besides, Mycroft is always monitoring..."
He yawned and considered his own weariness, which was undoubtedly caused by the drugged tea. And because of the drugged tea, his mind was ever so slightly sluggish, which made it difficult to deduce who actually had drugged the tea. It was all a bit circuitous.
"Slow?" growled Sherlock. "I've waited years for this. I've done slow. And now, my dear doctor," said Sherlock, leaning towards the wide-eyed, swollen-lipped blond. "Now, I am done with waiting. You are mine; I am taking you, now."
A half-hearted cheer and ragged applause arose from the kitchen. The two brothers looked up in consternation. The sitting room was empty; the entire party had moved into the kitchen.
Sherlock had deduced the solution to his Watsons' problems, although he had required a spark from his conductor of light.
"Oh no…Good God! What...what did you...how could you? Look, when the hell did you have time to take care of Mary?"
"John!" shouted Sherlock, hurrying to the bathroom door, which swung open to reveal John's swollen, pale, sweaty face.
"Whatever possessed you to run off into that storm, John? You could have been hurt! The boys could have been hurt! The scones were just…"
amounts. Sherlock could actually breathe again, and he sucked in deep draughts of the ozone-tainted air.
The detective's fingers drummed on the arm of the chair, trying to decide how soon to schedule the first sex holiday, then a horrible thought occurred.
"Of course, they want to. They've been waiting for you to call and ask them to babysit," said the detective.
Actually, the experiment with the liver samples wasn't as interesting as he'd hoped. In fact, he decided to table the mess until later. Unless John got to it first and chose to clean it himself. It certainly wouldn't be Sherlock's fault if John chose to clean up the mess before Sherlock had a chance to do so.
Sherlock backtracked quickly so as to avoid touching his sick partner or the small trash bin clutched in the doctor's arms. Thanks to his hasty retreat, the detective crashed into the wall, almost knocking down an ugly painting of flowers (a gift from Mrs. Hudson to brighten up the place). This earned him an evil, narrow-eyed glare from his normally kind doctor.
'Oh what's wrong now?' thought John, eyeing the detectives frown with deep concern, 'I don't understand...I thought he wanted...He said he was going to kiss me. Did I do something wrong? Was I supposed to wait? It was probably too much. Maybe he really does hate to be touched...Oh God! I don't understand!'
Sherlock smirked and traced a finger over John's swollen pink lips, noting a small bruise and the little cut that had bled into Sherlock's mouth. John just smiled in a sort of half-paralyzed euphoria, his blue eyes staring sightlessly at the ceiling.
"Let you sweep?" repeated Sherlock with a chuckle. "And She'wock? Your speech impediment is rather amus..."
'Lullabies are idiotic,' thought Sherlock with a sneer. 'What on earth would Elizabeth do with a mockingbird or a mirror?'
John couldn't help but make a happy little noise when his lover, rumbled happily like a giant purring cat and rubbed his face into John's hair. His lover was a ridiculous man- refusing to let John get out of bed. Tugging John back into bed for cuddling, every time John tried to stand up-just like the little tabby cat John and Harry had owned so many years ago. Ridiculous, beautiful, brilliant, cuddly cat-man...
"Obviously, but Elizabeth is a miniature female you, so that doesn't count," said the younger man. "You will both be mine, to not share with anyone."
'John seems to be getting over Mary faster than he got over Sarah, proving yet again that I mean more to John than all of those interloping females combined,' thought the smug detective. Sherlock continued to practice discretion. He refrained from crowing in delight, partly because it might irritate John, but primarily because everyone had impressed upon him the Cardinal Rule of Infant Care: Let sleeping babies lie.
"...on fire? No, not really," said John, grumbling around another Jammy Dodger. "Not easily. But I can give him a dose of vitality, which will leave a nasty taste in his mouth. You saw how he backed down. He's..."
(John's always licking his lip, biting his lip. He worries at it just to tease me,) thought the detective, as he devoured John's mouth. (And now it's MY lip. Now I can lick it. I can bite it. It's mine. Mine. All mine.)
John's chest began to heave under his ill-fitting vest, and not in a provocative way. The doctor was either going to break something (e.g. Sherlock) or he was going to cry. Sherlock hated seeing John cry even more than he hated seeing John sick. Crying was even worse than hearing John being sick.
Mycroft smiled and walked to the kitchen, gently swinging his umbrella from side to side. Giving that table a wide berth, he started to make tea for himself for the first time in months. He grinned freely for the first time in ages, because for the first time in over a decade, he no longer had to worry about Sherlock Holmes.
"The point is, you were temporarily compromised, so I went ahead and texted Mycroft, asking him to implement Operation: Goodbye Mary."
'Dear Lord, the cabbies will have a field day if they find out about 'Little John', thought the doctor. 'Then again, if someone as brilliant as Sherlock Holmes is interested in me, then why the hell should I care about what cabbies or newsboys think. Bloody hell, I KNOW how to deal with troublesome cabbies, don't I? Well, don't I?'
"Fionn? Do you expect me to believe that you met Fionn mac Cumahill and somehow managed to escape—and then live to tell about it?" Mycroft demanded in disbelief.
"I only wanted to kiss you and make the hurt all better," taunted the tall, pale man whose dramatic cheekbones looked artificial to Sherlock. He suspected that the man must have had cosmetic surgery to augment his zygomatic arches. He was ready to announce this to everyone, but stopped because John was snarling like the fierce little bull pup that the leprechaun had wanted to borrow from the pet store last week.
