Felicia is based on how she looked in the Amazing Spider-Man 2 (so, Felicity Jones, in short), though a few years younger. She's about a year older than Peter is! She is the same character as from the movie, meaning that she was Harry's sort of assistant for a short while (maybe an internship? Who knows?) Peter never met her so he doesn't recognize her
“How do I say something like that, Yaël? ‘Hi, I’m Peter, I’m not only your son, but also Spider-Man.I almost got killed to death by my best friend but that’s just what happens in my life since I’m a gifted kid who wants nothing other than to be an Avenger and put my life down the line, please consider me for your team’?”
“Come on, Steve. Let’s leave these idiots with their stupid questions, shall we?” she asks. Steve nods lightly, finally taking his first step back towards the door. Without saying anything to Sam and James, the two leave the common room and head back to the gym instead. Steve could use some sparring as a distraction, after all.
“You’re kind of a doofus, aren’t you?” she says then, laughing. Peter wants to say something in return, but she stops him. “Keep it up, it’s kinda cute.”
“Nope, I’m not really planning on telling them that soon.”
she urges him on. Tony shakes his head.
“Yaël, please don’t break my fingers,” X said softly, but she was distracted by the sound of the voice coming from her memory-self. It didn’t sound hoarse at all. It sounded completely different than her own voice.
He goes to the kitchen, still finding nobody. Right, maybe Johnny’s in his room. He carefully goes to the door that leads to Johnny’s room. With just a second of hesitation, he knocks on the door and waits for an answer.
“Easy for you, we should presume,” brown-glasses points out. Tony gives the man a quick stare before smirking.
And so Tony goes. The moment the door closes behind him, Peter almost smashes his hands on the table and turns to the four men in the room with eyes wide.
Ignoring all that, Yaël continued “Maybe I can make you like me a bit more, somehow. Well, or hate me less, whatever, that would be a step forward too.”
“Though it might take years.”
easier whenever Peter is around, because then all Tony thinks about is not to disappoint the kid. He’s always too focused on Peter to even think about whatever is happening right now. Maybe Pepper just shouldn’t have said anything at all about the matter.
, was it really that hard for somebody to say what he should do? Sure, it’s not that he needs permission or something from anybody, but just some encouragement is enough, he should think.
“I, uh… I pushed his chair up to his room,” he explained. “And then I kind of threw him in the bed.”
“Tony?” Steve asks, obviously worried at his partner’s silence. Tony lets out a loud sigh, turning back towards Steve with dark, expressive eyes.
After a couple of minutes they announce that they’re going to continue. Steve jumps back up on the stage and hurries towards the deck along with Tony. Chrissy goes to stand back behind her bar, while LL stands at the front, welcoming everybody back from the break.
“End call.”
“This is going to be interesting,” Mr. Stark says, impressed. Peter can only agree.
Peter snorts, not really surprised about it as he shakes his head.
“Yeah, son,” he says, unintentionally pulling some strings inside Peter’s chest. Only the Captain would call him
“Why I don’t like him so- you know your mother used to work with him, right?” she asks, and Peter nods. He knows because he read all of her journals
- Violence
Where is he? He should be here, shouldn’t he? Tony looks around, finding no sign of him. He should get out of bed, search for him. He can’t, his legs feel too heavy.
With a shock, Yaël woke up in the gymnasium again, breathing sharply. “Holy fuck!” she growled as she took a minute to calm down. Okay, she got the message, she needed to eat something as soon as possible. But why did the Stone show her Peter? He wasn’t dead, Raido and Cem were. Did the thing show her some kind of future? It surely looked like Stark, Peter and Steve had been fighting in some kind of war. Just to be sure, Yaël quickly took her phone and checked on the internet if there was a war going on somewhere near.
“The reason I suddenly want the kid closer is not because he’s Mary’s son, particularly,” Tony then adds carefully. “If anything, it stings seeing him all the time as a reminder that she shut me out of her life completely.”
But it doesn’t, and by the time that he supposes T’Challa is awake, Steve jumps out of bed, gets himself dressed and hurries back into the hallway forgetting all about breakfast. The door that leads to T’Challa’s office is, as usual, guarded. The two women look about ready to kick Steve’s ass if he even tries to do something funny, no matter the serum. He’s come across them a few times, and always decided to just stay clear of them.
“Tones? What are you doing?” he asks in confusion. Tony sniffs for a moment, squeezing his eyes shut. They feel wet, stinging already. But he won’t cry. He can’t.
“Of course.” With a smooth movement he pulled the card out of his breast pocket.
“Could you stop pausing my friend like that? It’s freaky!” Yaël grumbled to Lopt while looking at the statue that represents her friend.
“You sap,” he says.
“For you, everything,” he whispers out. Steve leans his head down and presses another light kiss on the top of his head.
“Listen, how much do I owe you? Better to get this over with immediately,” he sighs. But just as he’s about to write it down, the checkbook in his hands disappears and is replaced by a green pile of goo. Immediately, he drops it down on the ground with a small shriek.
“No, he shouldn’t,” Tony returns. “If all the other files are right, at least.” He pulls up his tablet and goes through the multiple notes already. “FRI, can you go through this formula and test it on a random living subject?”
Mr. Stark gives him another long look before standing up. Then he motions for Peter to do the same. Peter obeys, quickly following his father towards a door Peter hadn’t noticed before. The room inside of it is dark, but once Mr. Stark starts up the lights, Peter can see exactly where he is.
“Never,” he gets out while wiping the tears away from his eyes. “Honestly, Brucibear, I never thought I’d get to see Steve drunk, but here we are!”
At some points in the movie, Peter turns his head to watch his father there. The staring sometimes lasts a few long seconds, as he takes in the laughing-wrinkles his father has whenever he’s smiling, or the nervous tick he has with his foot whenever he’s been sitting still for too long.
find out – especially when the villain is a symbiote that used to possess you for weeks. And when they find out, they’ll do stupid things to lure the hero to their scene for the battle.
Stark’s trainings always got rescheduled.
As they arrived at the sixth floor, with the same used-to-be-white walls with here and there holes in the papers so the bricks were showing (as everywhere in the building and carpet that had the color of puke)Yaël lifted her backpack from one of her shoulders and started looking for a key.
- Fucking Venom Fucking shit up
It’s in February when Tony announces that the rebuilding of the Compound is finally completed. A couple of the Avengers decide to move back, but Bruce, Natasha and Bucky stay in place. Harry, too, decides not to head back. Instead, he finds a place near Peter’s, and after school they mostly just hang out together. Peter also talks to Ned more, again. He finds out that Ned is doing great, and that he’ll come back for summer break where he wants to know everything about all that happened in New York. Of course, Peter tried to keep him up to date about the Venom-stuff, but it’s not always that easy to explain to a science-geek who is also about the biggest Spider-Man fanboy!
“Can you- can you all just give me a short moment?” he asks. Bruce and Helen nod before heading towards the door. Tony, Steve and May don’t move until Peter shakes his head once more. “Please, I need to be alone for a few minutes.”
They’re in the tower today. Peter isn’t home, at his aunt’s for the week-end. That means that, for two whole days they have the whole place for themselves. Where Peter then expects them to spend the whole day naked in bed, Tony has other things planned for the day.
happened,” he admits. There’s a sound in the background, but nobody looks up. It’s not surprising when Vision suddenly joins them in the room. When he opens his mouth, Peter holds up his hand to silence him. Vision stares at him but then nods.
“Patrolling?” Peter asks. “I didn’t go patrolling? I went to sleep after we spoke to each other?” The microwave beeps. Peter reaches up to get his mug out. Then he takes the cacao powder and prepares his chocolate milk.
It looks like another version of Spider-Man, but with different colors. The girl wears white and black, with dark pink web-patterns on her suit. Instead of just the mask, she’s also wearing a hood, making her appear even more mysterious. Peter huffs out a breath, confused by the sudden appearance.
Was he checking on her or was he trying to take over her life?
Peter shrugs. He can’t really explain; it’s been like this since the funeral. Tony and Steve just… don’t seem to speak to each other anymore. Whatever happened, it almost feels like they’re getting close to just end it between them. Peter really thinks that’s the worst thing that could happen, given how different Tony has been with Steve around…
His hair is a mess. It’ll probably always be a mess. He gives it no attention, checking out his face instead. There
On the door he suddenly finds another note from his Aunt, with behind it another reminder from his school to check out the different internships. They’ve been urging him on to try and find something after messing up his pas semester. As they’ve told him, it’s not too late to bring up his grades again if he would just get his points up by applying for an internship for the rest of the school year.
Hawkeye is shooting arrows in the Goblin’s direction. The Falcon is still in a direct duel with him. Somewhere, Peter can hear repulsors charging, but upon remembering that Iron Man isn’t here, he figures it must be
It’s not like he’s contributing a lot to it. He’s only fifteen, not at the age to give any counseling or whatever. He just mostly helps serving the food and cleans up the place a bit.
“Not like that! But I have like weird memory-dreams where I discover stuff about my past. I don’t really know how it works. How are you and Tony by the way?” Steve blinked a few times, he must be exhausted. How late was it anyways?  He was still waiting for the conversation to end before taking off with his motorcycle. Otherwise the vehicle would make too much noise for them to hear each other. Good guy Steve.
“It grew back together…” Tony returns. Peter tries to feel at the spot Tony cut not five seconds ago, realizing that, indeed, the neck is intact again.
But then suddenly the others are there as well. First it’s Natasha who comes, joining in on the hug. She’s followed by Bruce, Clint, and eventually even Wanda and Sam. Rhodey slowly moves their way as well with Vision behind him to make sure he doesn’t fall. Feeling a bit like he’s squeezed to death in this group hug, Peter couldn’t imagine the night to get any better.
To be fair, it sucks a bit that he’s now completely alone. But… No, he can’t be mad at Johnny. Much like he should stop being mad at everybody else. Steve, the Avengers… his dad.
“You’re no fun,” Tony mumbles. Meanwhile, on the screen, Kenny dies again and the two boys get out their iconic lines.
“Yeah, I suppose that’s part of it,” Peter agrees. “Though I also wonder why we have a dishwasher if we never use it.”
Steve suddenly asks.
The thing is breaking apart already. There was a reason why he was so happy to be rid of it.
A finger is put on Tony’s lips, right before it’s replaced with Steve’s mouth on his. The kiss is short and firm, and once Steve pulls back, his hands hold on to Tony’s arms tightly.
“Your mother must have been one of the most passionate person I’ve met,” he starts, eyes meeting Peter’s. The teenager nods as he leans forward a bit. His hands have now stopped shaking at last, though his heart is still going too fast. “She came to work with a smile on her face, always bringing out the creative ideas that would once again become popular with the public.”
“Peter threw up after having the MRI,” Bruce starts without needing any prompting. “Helen’s going to see if he can get any kind of food down, otherwise we’ll need to find another way to make sure he’s got enough nutrition.”
“Holy shit I would just love for this crap with the accords to be over with soon,” Tony mutters, rubbing his brow and shaking his head as he reads the note. “You goin’ out this evening?”
“Coming!” he shouts back. A quick look behind and he sees Tony slowly following him, too. He’s been so worried lately, it’s almost driving Peter crazy! And the worry didn’t come gradually, either; it was just… there, all of the sudden. One morning, before they were going to a fundraising party from Stark Industries. That’s when it started, because both Tony and Steve started acting weird after that.
,” FRIDAY responds, though sounding like she’s not really happy with it. Tony’s sure she’ll forgive him when it’s over. He lets her scans do their work before a red light shines up on a spot on his back. Where-ever he moves, the light follows him. Good, that way there’s less chance he’ll miss.
“Oh, come on, why wouldn’t you give me the pleasure of playing with it before releasing him,” Yaël complained. Loki glanced at her as he got back up. But instead of taking Yaël’s invite for a childish contest of poking each other verbally, he threw a little smile and thanked Korg, acting like he had manners.
“Both,” Peter nodded. “No offense, by the way, I mean, you look great for your age! Eh, nice to finally meet you and, eh, wow!” Peter rattled, his cheeks turned red.
“Thanks for bringing me home,” MJ tells him, probably not having heard what Peter just said. She kisses him on the cheek one more time before turning her back to him and heading to her door. With a wink, she closes it behind her, leaving Peter on the porch with only his brain to keep him company.
Peter hums out in confusion, wondering why his father would have those kinds of nightmares? Peter’s fine, isn’t he? There has never been any indication that he’s in danger! He can take care of himself!
He figures it’s guilt, but by now he doesn’t even know what he’s feeling guilty about anymore. Is it the fact that he’s been finding it difficult to talk to Peter (because he chased Steve away from their lives)? Or is it because he
“Wait, you knew his name all along?!” Yaël grunted annoyingly, interrupting his chattering once again.
Tony shouts in return, sounding incredibly annoyed. Well, that’s pretty much how Peter is feeling right now. Then, somewhere in the background, he can hear Tony talk to somebody else. “
“You go,” she said as she pointed at Wade “You invited this innocent soul, now you let him in, nah!” Wade jumped up and danced towards the door. Yaël put out the TV . She had seen enough of hospitals and the Winchester for today.
Then, after pretending to be searching for a few seconds, Peter pulls out the two watch-like creations and holds them out to Mr. Stark.
“The King and Princess of Wakanda are up, or did you forget they were coming today?” Rhodey asks. Great, he sounds just the way Steve sounds when he’s disappointed in something. Peter can’t really bother with that today.
“Come on, Tony. Things are finally looking up for us,” Steve assures him. Tony sighs but then he nods.
I keep on saying Monday, but I always end up uploading the chapter on Sunday evening. Ah, well, you'll just get it when you get it, I suppose ;-)
And then they hang up.
“I shouldn’t,” he mumbled as he looked back up. His blue eyes crossed hers. They looked familiar somehow. He sat down on the chair behind the monitor and with a blink of an eye, he suddenly was reading a book.
“I’m sorry, Steve. I know you love him. It can’t be easy.”
He’s met with silence.
“It’s fine, Cap,” he says. Then he tightens his grip on his backpack, and nods once more towards Steve the moment they’re standing in front of the door. “I’m glad you’re trying to help him, by the way. He may not realize it, but he needs you more than either of you think.”
Tony shakes his head.
“Sure, the guy somehow can’t
Sure, she did a whole lot of chores next to work and training. She vacuumed and cleaned the hallways and kitchen constantly and sometimes she did the laundry. Luckily, all of the residents had enough manners to do their own laundry most of the time. Sometimes they were all hanging around in the laundry-room, happily chattering while waiting until their machine is done with washing. Yep, Yaël surely appreciated those simple moments and this way, Tony couldn't complain about her not paying or doing anything.
He jumped out of the spaceship and yelled at Hela while he was shooting at more zombies. What the heck was he planning on doing against Hela with just two machine guns? Thor had struck that woman with lightning and Yaël had pulled out a few tricks too that would usually kill someone but as Hela was Hela, she somehow managed to keep on fighting. So, no, a few gunshots wasn’t really going to get her down. But…it was an excellent distraction, Yaël thought as she managed to pierce a few zombies with a move, inspired from Hela’s spears.
But Tony shakes his head, lowering his gaze.
“Thank you, I’ll just take them with me,” Peter tells her. The woman – Peter remembers that her name was Linda – nods and smiles even wider than before if that’s even possible (she almost looks like the dental-model they didn’t pick because of the most exaggerated smile).
“Alright, I’ll figure this out,” Peter returns. He jumps up into the building without waiting for another answer from the man. The moment he’s inside he can feel the warmth surrounding him immediately. He huffs out a heavy breath, trying to shake off the heaviness the heat brings along.
Tony looks at it happening from the sidelines, watching the princess explain how she’s going to do it to the man Tony considers as a brother; the man who never deserved to end up paralyzed from the waist down.
“Alright, Andrew, let’s go?” Peter asks one more time. Andrew nods, holding out his hand for Peter to take. Peter doesn’t hesitate, pulling him closer until he finally picks him up. When he turns around to look behind him, he suddenly notices the Cat standing there.
“You don’t know?” Eddie asks, sounding furious. There’s another punch in Peter’s face. MJ shouts somewhere in the distance. “Let me see; you steal my girlfriend, you get her killed – literally. Then you steal my best friend, and you humiliate me at a party where
“Nah, no need. Though, maybe you should try and reach Romanoff?”
Thor smirks, nodding and grabbing Tony’s arm. Then, without warning, he pulls him out of the bed. Thor, being Thor, is not in the slightest bothered about Tony’s state of undress, instead pushing him in front of the mirror.
“Yeah, it’s probably the reason why we aren’t seeing so much of Mr. Stark lately. He took it pretty hard, as far as I heard. They
“Well, ‘alright’ is not exactly the word I’d use, Peter,” Mr. Stark says, and Peter feels something warm inside of him at the mention of his name. “But I get what you mean. I’m… glad, too.”
“Sex, I know – stop being so flustered or I’m going to repeat the word time after time. And now, I don’t think we’ll have it soon. Because that, too, is something to work up to. And I guess that’s the reason you’re so at war with it; it’s too much, too soon, and you were afraid we were going to topple the boat.”
I know a lot of people are angry at Steve for not being there. Please, don't be. We won't see his point of view of what is happening since the past few chapters in this story, but once it's ready, we'll get to see more things from his eyes in the timestamp. That includes Steve's multiple attempts at trying to get back to New York, but everybody continuously stopping him. :-) Please, don't hate Steve, he loves everybody and wants nothing more than to be there <3
“What now?” he growled at her, holding his chalk ready.
And at noon the next day, Tony wakes to find a sleepy Steve next to him, and he smiles. Steve, in return, smiles as well, reaching out his hand to get some strands of hair away from Tony’s face.
“Steve, please! Dad, he’s… he’s not doing good,” Peter begs of him. He knows
“No?” he asks in confusion. That’s it? That’s all the guy has to say about it?
“Peter, I really don’t think that matters right now,” Vision says, sounding embarrassed about the sudden mention of it. If he was human, he would have been blushing right now.
Except during that party, though Peter can’t remember that too much.
Captain. No fight could be fought without him. “Where do you live?” he asked as he put his helmet back on.
“Okay, uh, override code-“
“The other me and Steve, huh? I guess things are not that different, then…” Tony mutters out. Peter shakes his head, putting a hand on the desk. He needs to get Steve here, someway. He quickly turns to Gwen.
Peter groans painfully, trying to push himself back on his feet. Who on Earth-?
Yaël shut her mouth. Did he really try to save her? She shook her head. “Why didn’t you come to visit me afterwards, if you cared that much about me?” she hissed. Yaël saw the anger and impatience grow in Loki’s eyes. Oh, she loved triggering him.
- Something being wrong with Tony
“Nope, I don’t think so,” Yaël answered. “How would I even get there? And, I mean, it could be the death of me, you know? Last thing I remember, they are hunting me down. Besides, what is there left for me to return to?”
I wanted to say; I never intended for there to be a coincidentally between Peter's homeless shelter and FEAST, but after finishing the game I decided to make it one and the same. When I found out about FEAST, I was rather happy that I could put a name on it and dig even deeper into it. I decided to base a couple of more things on the game, and possibly the movie after I've seen it (yeah, so only five theaters in my country played it, which was annoying as Hell since mine wasn't on that list, meaning that we've had to wait a bit until we could finally see it) I'm so freaking curious about it!!
“I know that.”
“Peter? It’s me. How are you doing?”
The story takes place after Ultron and Ant-Man, but before Dr. Strange or Civil War. Daredevil, Jessica Jones and Luke Cage are already runing around somewhere there.
He reaches out for it, by now not even expecting a message from Steve or any of the other guys. Whatever this secret mission was, Tony’s extremely sure that, by now, the mission is already over. They’re probably just enjoying their time off, taking a holiday in New Asgard. Not bothering to even let him know anything.
“You’re welcome,” Tony answers. After that, he motions for them to get inside.
“Let me guess; you want them to sign?” he asks. Natasha doesn’t speak up, but she does put a hand on Tony’s shoulder in support, which is actually kind of strange but not entirely unwelcome. Tony tilts his head to the side almost out of reflex.
Peter nods, lifting his mug and drinking from his coffee. “Yup, he would.”
Okay, that’s maybe a bit dramatic.
“But… I have something to report from my side as well, and I really need your input on it,” Tony admits. Steve then visibly relaxes. “What, you thought I was going to
“Fucking shit, I can never surprise you guys with anything,” he mutters bitterly, crossing his arms while turning his gaze back to the television.
A sigh comes from the other side of the line. Thaddeus Ross has since long given up on getting Tony not to call him that.
Wait, what? Hold on for just a second!
TO ME?!”
First off, Peter can no longer get away with calling him ‘Mr. Stark’ or ‘sir’. The day after the surgery, when the man took a little walk with Peter sitting in the wheelchair, he kneeled down next to the teenager when they were outside, and put it to him simply:
“I guess I’ll have to,” Tony agrees. Then he turns his head to the side when Steve nibs back underneath his ear. Looking at the new addition to his nightstand, he smiles. Without moving, he reaches out for the present, taking it in hand and pulling it closer. A warm feeling goes through him when he takes in the glowing blue Arc Reactor, very much made in some sort of trophy.
“That language of yours.”
“Thanks,” Peter breathes out, ending up in another coughing fit due to the sudden excitement. Then he looks up, eyes going wide.
I'm currently writing the last chapter, so I thought I could up the uploads! Here you go, another chapter just for you. We're slowly saying goodbye to Civil war; this is the last piece on it. Afterwards, it's a race to Homecoming, obviously with our own twist.
There’s still no answer. Carefully, Peter opens the door peeking inside the room in search for Johnny’s familiar figure. Much to his surprise and confusion, the guy isn’t inside.
“Uh, some renovated building somewhere in Brooklyn,” Peter explains. “Harry and Felicia are here as well.”
Peter doesn’t really want to think too much about it, instead deciding to put the book back in the box when he finds that he’s already back in Queens. He sees a few classmates in their thick coats walking on the street, currently enjoying the end of their winter break. A strange feeling passes through him then, suddenly remembering how few friends he actually has at school.
“He got a new delivery of it. Apparently Oscorp really wants him to finish his project,” Tony says, pulling up security footage of an Oscorp truck with Dr. Octavius guiding it inside. “I’ve been invited to the demonstration tomorrow morning, you know, for old time’s sake.”
Dr. Cho doesn’t say anything else, instead just patting his back a little bit while he tries to control his breath. It takes about a minute before he’s back to normal, but even then he still feels like his head is spinning.
Bruce closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.
And yeah, about that… he has never really stopped to wonder what that’s all about? His mother’s journals? Did she leave anything behind in Oscorp? That woman explained that they were cleaning unused safes and that hers was one of them, but how have those not been retrieved back when she was reported dead?
Once they get to Times Square, a whole lot of people are already standing close together. They wait for the screens to light up. A helicopter flies over them, though to where, Peter has no idea.
“I’m so, so sorry beforehand if I somehow hurt you doing this!” Yaël squeaked while biting on her cheek.
“In case you’ve missed it, he’s in jail. That’s where we’re going, remember?”
Holy crap, listen to me complain to you all. I'm sorry, let's just begin with the chapter!
And that’s when he smells it. Peter blinks a few times, taking multiple small sniffs in the air as he tries to place the odor. It shouldn’t be here. Why does it make him feel so uneasy? He stands up, dropping the mask on the couch and heading towards the kitchenette.
“Keep it down,” Loki whispered. He thought for a little moment before he answered Yaël. “It started off as a naive, selfish action, fed by revenge,” Loki looked her in the eyes “But once our situation got too... intense, I only had two choices left: sending you to Thanos, who would’ve killed you to get the stone out of your body or using you in the fight instead. One way or another, I still think I made the right decision. You should be thankful I spared your life,” he said cockily. Yaël’s mouth fell open
“D-dude, chill. I never st-stole anybody’s girl,” Peter manages out. Eddie’s face just seems to color red all over.
“Your mother did mean a lot to me, yes,” Mr. Stark says, shrugging a bit. “Which is why her departure had been such a hard blow for me. Outside the knowledge of the press, Obey quickly sent me back to the hospital to get my act back together. Once again putting me on these pills.”
Oh, this is going horribly. MJ squints her eyes together for a bit, cheeks still reddened though that could be because of the cold.
“I don’t know if that’s very useful, he can’t die.”
“Not that I want back; I’m too young to own a company! Jeesh, if we’re 2016, that means I’m 18 now, right? Who in their right mind would pass me down a company now?” Harry picks up another pizza. “When I can get out of here, I’ll pay the current board members a visit, see what we can arrange. Maybe something for later.”
Tony feels sadness going through him, just like every time whenever he’s reminded of Peggy’s current condition. There are moments in which she’s completely aware of what is happening and can talk perfectly about what is happening in the current time, but there’s also moments where she’s constantly pulled back into the past.
He knows Aunt May hasn’t mentioned it for a reason; she’s always being careful around him, measuring her words carefully as if afraid to trigger him or something. And while Peter still feels like he’s not really in complete control yet, he is aware that, somehow, things are going slightly better. Despite the small setback last week, even.
A lot has happened in these past few months. A lot of things he’s ready to forget if it’s ever possible. He has nightmares that chase him, images that will never ever leave his mind. But for now, he has in under control.
Peter grumbles, realizing he might be the reason for that. Whatever, he can’t just take the blame for every stupid thing his Dad does now, can he? Tony’s still an adult, and sure, while he might not be that stable these past few days, he should manage on himself just fine, no?
“Idiot,” she mumbled to herself.
“My- my dad’s journals. Everything about the spiders is in there. They’re at May’s house. My mother’s journals as well,” Peter says, though slurring a bit through his words. “Find- find them and you’ll figure things out.”
idea what he’s supposed to say here.
So Tony gets dressed. He puts on a simple band-shirt and a black jacket on top of that. Then he puts on some sunglasses and heads towards the garage, his hands in the pockets of his black jeans. Whatever Peter just managed to do, Tony’s not sure he won’t just give him house-arrest because of how annoyed he’s feeling.
“Yaël?”
“More like Scarlet Witch,” he corrects him. “But yeah, she’s my friend.”
Loki.
“My aunt works full-time at the hospital, mostly doing night shifts. She’s always been offering me to go to college but I knew we couldn’t afford it. Instead I took a few jobs this year, but they never could use me for very long. Right now I work at a pizza-place, and whatever I earn goes to Aunt May to pay the bills,” Peter says. Tony gives him a long look, but he can’t really detect any lie in his voice. His breathing is calm and he’s not nervously biting on his lips, so Tony’s inclined to believe him.
“You miss your friend and you’re trying to go and visit him while meeting up with the guy who doesn’t like you.” Charles finished her sentence.
“Wha’ happ’nd?” Steve asks in his arm. Tony pats him on the back.
“Is there something wrong?” he asks. Tony just smiles and shakes his head.
Oh, okay,
“Relax, sweet cheeks,” she says, looking out into the city. “I needed the view, is all.” Then she points towards a random building. “There’s were I need to be.”
“I think everybody seems to forget I have three PhDs,” Tony mutters out. Rhodey laughs and slaps him on the shoulder before dropping down on the couch.
“So, Peter got bitten by something?” May asks. “How is that possible? Shouldn’t he be immune to things like these by now?”
,” FRIDAY lies – or does she – causing for Michelle to step back and look at the ceiling with a frown.
Tony smiles when he sees Peter do the same, despite his tears. He lifts his hand up until it’s in Peter’s hair, and then he pulls him forward again. A short kiss is pressed against the teenager’s forehead. After that, he lets go of him.
“Listen, Mary, I know it’s a long shot and you’ll probably never believe me, but I have to try,” Tony starts with his hands up in the air to stop her from talking. He takes a deep breath and starts. “I’m from the future, Peter’s extremely sick and it’s because of something that didn’t happen in this year, which is why I’m here.”
“We are working, kid,” Mr. Stark asks, fishing out his sunglasses and putting them on, despite there being no sun at all. Then he smirks towards Peter, showing his bright white teeth. “Besides, I’m the boss, nobody’s going to tell me what to do.”
“HOLY FUCKING COW, TELL HIM TO GO SCREW HIMSELF!” And with that, Yaël hung up.
Peter makes an uncomfortable sound, turning his head to look at Tony. “Hot. Cold. Like I’m about ready to puke my guts out,” he tries to joke. The small smile on his face falls away when he notices their worried looks. “Where are we?”
severe. Sometimes it’s about Tony not putting away his laundry, or Steve forgetting about date-night because he spent too much time in the gym. There’s always these little things that’ll annoy the hell out of each other. But next to that, there are also times where Peter’s sure that the two men are quite happy with each other.
She lands right on the roof of the building she’d been inspecting. Giving Peter a thumb’s up, he’s waiting for her to continue.
May gives him a smile, looking relieved when she sees him awake. Peter, too, feels a whole lot of relief.
Peter doesn’t answer, knowing that Tony is talking about him. He decides not to go further into it, not wanting to have the guilt he’s feeling becoming even bigger. Instead, Peter lies back down and allows Tony once more to play with his hair. The two of them seem to like the gesture; he doesn’t know what Tony gains from it, but it calms Peter down to have his head massaged like that. Even when he’s feeling like crap, at least like this he’s reminded that he’s not alone.
he answered calmly.
“Who’s Wanda?” she asked before she knew it.
“So, if it isn’t the gauntlet, maybe it’s the power source?” Peter mutters again to himself, looking back at the round thing on the table that Peter suspects is what brought the power. It reminds him a bit of the round thing Iron Man has in the middle of his chest. It doesn’t take long for him to put two and two together, then.
“Right, that evening sucked,” Tony points out. Then he sighs again, taking a framed picture of Peter and his parents. It must be weird for him, looking at pictures of Peter’s mother and knowing that she’s no longer here.
Tony looks up, realizing that Steve is talking to him. The man is sitting next to him, holding a journal of his own in his hands, probably trying to help Tony along in his research.
Yaël had been pulling out weeds for two hours now. For once she was kind of glad with the braindead job she was doing, because all she could think of was the dream she had last night. Who was that man? Did she have to call X now? Is that what he meant with seeing things?
“Uh, yeah, no, it’s just a school trip,” Peter quickly explains. “It’s nothing- look, Happy I got to say; you tracking me without my permission is a complete violation of my privacy.”
“I think you have to leave.” His eyes flashed from person to person who were all staring at Yaël.
It goes on for a few more minutes. Every time Peter’s close to her, she does something completely unexpected and escapes. It’s getting annoying after a while. Peter runs and jumps and swings as much as he can, but even his new dark suit doesn’t help with speed. Sure, he’s feeling much more agile and flexible than he normally would, but she’s still faster.
It’s been another long day at school. Even after passing the math test and pretending to stumble during gym in order to make people believe he’s anything but good at sports, he, along with Ned, Wanda and Harry managed to get himself in a snow-ball battle. But to be fair, him and Ned against Harry and Wanda does not seem like fair fight. Nonetheless, it was quite fun despite the fact that they've lost big time.
He can’t find it in himself to change it, mostly because it’s a little tune Gwen used to tease him with all the time. She has been the one to set it in the first place, and to change it right now would almost feel as if he would erase the memory of her.
“Sure thing!”
Nakia and Okoye nod, while T’Challa heads towards the hallway where Peter and Shuri disappeared to. Tony puts his hands in his pockets, waititng for the sweet relief of being alone again. Or, as alone as he could be, with Peter still in the penthouse. Maybe it’s a good thing he didn’t go back and left Tony here all on his own. Who knows what could have happened with that brain of his.
“How about that thing with your father? Is there any news on that?”
“Whazz-“ he starts, but the words slur out. It feels like he’s not in control of his mouth. His throat is dry, and he could really use some water. He looks around a bit, reaching for his face to scratch an itch at his nose. Then he realizes he’s got another tube shoved through it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“SON OF A BITCH!” Peter suddenly shouts out while he jumps up from the sudden realization. Holy Crap, no way, no freaking way! “You’re not my dad!”
Hilde lives in the Compound, mostly lacking any other place to live, though she has been thinking about returning to New Asgard to help with the construction of the city, rejoining Thor and Jane back there.
“Have you heard from Stark?” Wanda asked Peter before she sat down in the couch.
That, and he knew what she felt like, he had been through crap too.
the pilot says. Peter tenses upon hearing it. “
And after Pepper broke his heart like he suspected, and then took the first plane back to Malibu (because she’d already packed her things while he was gone), Tony just sat there, thinking back of the way she kissed his forehead before she left; a clear sign that she still loves him as much as he loves her, but that the love is just not strong enough.
“Holy-“
“You’ve never even seen me,” Peter counters. A bit out of his comfort zone, he gets back onto his feet and wipes off the invisible dust off his suit. Then he clears his throat, looking back down at her. Don’t look at her breasts, don’t look at her breasts.
Yaël tried to get to the snooze button, but as she raised her hand, her fingers got stuck in her own hair. It was all fuzzy and it had knots everywhere, but that’s what you get when you color your hair blue and don’t take further care of it.
“You…are drunk,” Wade grinned while pointing at Jeremy. He then pointed at Yaël “And you…are a genius! Come on, we’re going home.”
“Hey!” Wade yelled as his hand froze. Yaël was perfectly capable of steering this power without using her hands, but using them was easier and made her more in control of her powers. Fire and water she could steer the smoothest. She could use these with just a blink of her eyes. Earth or stone was a bit harder, because of being a literal hard element. With this element, she always needed to move a limb as it felt heavy to manipulate this element. But air… that was a complete shit-element. Whatever she did with it, it always ended with a struggle, a fail or tiredness.
Who-ever Natasha is talking to is obviously not bringing good news. Her face looks grim, and even as she hangs up the phone she has a frown on her face.
Gwen shrugs. “It was mostly accidental. It doesn’t like loud, high noises. Bells, metal tubes, whatever you can think of.”
“What time should I be there?” he asks with a sigh.
“Uh, yeah of course,” Peter says, reaching for his backpack and searching around in his papers.
Steve doesn’t say anything else, and Peter’s feeling a bit too unnerved to go and find Tony immediately. If he goes in this state, they might start shouting against each other again, and that’s not something Peter wants. Instead, the two of them sit in front of the TV and watch the news. There’s a coverage on New Asgard, something about the people of Norway responding to the sudden appearance of a whole civilization right next to them. Some are excited, while others are rather scared.
Dum-E whirs up as he points his camera towards Peter, turning his claw a bit to the side like a dog would. Peter gives it a gentle pat on his ‘neck’.
Except, she seems to have found a loophole in the Parker-kid. That sneaky girl…
“It’s artsy,” Peter explains, not finding the right word for it. The girl – Damn Peter might as well start learning their names, right? – just grins and takes out her pizza box. The way she sets herself down in the couch makes it clear that this is her own house, so Creepy Stalker Guy is probably the guest nobody ever invites but keeps on coming anyway.
,” Tony says, finally raising the helmet and revealing an empty Iron Man suit. Peter then rolls his eyes and sighs as he leans back. “
“You could have died!” Cap says, pointing towards Peter to prove his point. Hawkeye rolls his eyes and slings his bow over his shoulder.
“Well, if I say that there’s a party at my place tonight, you think you can bring her along? Or maybe that Spider-Man guy? He’s cool, too,” Flash asks, and Peter wants to laugh it out loud. Having finally untangled the earbuds, he slowly starts walking again. Flash follows him wordlessly.
“Obviously,” Mary retorts before her face falls. “Depression… it isn’t because of me, is it?”
“Pepper didn’t give too much information through the press. She said something about you catching something abroad? Was it Wakanda? Was it me?”
Peter looks up from the water heater, head turning towards the door immediately. "Sure," he says, already pulling out a second mug from the cupboard. "Let him in the moment he's here."
“Yeah yeah, don’t worry, I’ll be out as soon as I finish here,” Peter says, waving him off. Francis is cool, of course, but Peter’s one of those guys who rather works alone – or in the company of a rather incompetent bot, as it turns out. “Dum-E, please hand me a marker?”
“Work… yeah… You got any idea how long it’ll be until you actually want to be seen with me in public?”
“I’m getting
! Seriously, how has Mr. Stark not donated you to a local high school already? I’m going to have words with him, and I’ll make sure it won’t by my school you’re donated to, mark my words!” Peter rambles on, drying off his hand on his already ruined jeans. Dum-E only responds by pushing the banana back in Peter’s reaction. With a sigh, he rolls his eyes only to take the half-peeled banana from him.
“We have a containment breach!” a person shouts.
“This looks fragile,” she says. She has a strong accent on her voice that Peter can’t really place.
I figured the second chapter could be posted as well :-) after this, it'll be weekly updates every Monday!
A few sandwicheslater, after practicing a bit on the cello, Yaël went to bed. She felt a bit nervous for meeting Mr. X the next day. But the man came to help her, right? The girl sighed as she typed her text to Diego. This man would fire her so hard someday... and then what?
“Surge,” Yaël noticed it was Noriko Ashida, Surge, as soon as she saw the blue hair in the corner of her eyes.
Tony wakes up again the next morning when a nurse comes to attach what seems like a new IV bag. Still groggy, his question as to what it is isn’t understood, and all the woman does is put her hand on his forehead and fish out another thermometer to check his temperature.
a sex-tape of Steve and me?!”
“What are you talking about? Nobody is going to put me anywhere!” Come on, she went to Norway to have a peaceful vacation, away from all the fighting and stuff and then she ends up here. The woman chuckled and shot something at her, too quick for Yaël, who was still feeling a bit fuzzy, to dodge. Yaël cursed and grabbed her neck. At the spot where the woman had shot her, was a device planted in her skin.
“Alright, Thor, let’s go,” Steve says, touching Thor’s arm to indicate that they’re ready to go. Thor quickly nods, pulling Steve along into a separate room. There, in the middle, there’s some sort of desk. It looks old, probably second-hand – it appears the Asgardians can’t really afford much more right now. On top of said desk, there’s a bunch of papers.
doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be recovering from your party at the facility?”
"I know, that's why I'm making this." Tony holds up the small device he's putting together. "They'll work as glasses, and it'll photograph exactly what you see, send it out to this little monster and print out the picture. At least with that you'll
what it felt like for me? To hold my dead son’s body in my arms? To see him lying there on the ground with no life left in him? Losing my parents was hard, but the idea that my
“After you,” Brunnhilde answered.
At the last door, he finally finds Johnny. He looks passed out, lying on his back in bed with only half his clothes on. There’s another girl lying there with him, almost completely naked aside from her underwear. Peter tries not to look at her too much. Instead, he walks up to Johnny, does his best to get him clothed again, and eventually picks him up.
” FRIDAY made Yaël jump while she was pulling the card out of the scanner, so the door got locked again.
“No!”
“No,” Peter whispers out, but he doesn’t know what he means with it. Is it a plea for Mr. Stark to stop chasing after him? A warning for himself, to say that he shouldn’t think like that? That he
Great father-figure he’s being again. Tony sighs loudly, realizing that, after all those months of trying to be a good father, he’s finally broken. Proven the fact that he’s everything but a good father-figure. What a surprise. It runs in the family, doesn’t it? Or maybe in the name, because Tony knows Peter wouldn’t ever be the same way. He’s too good a kid for that.
“Honey?” Tony asks loudly.
“Are we still, eh, a thing?” Yaël was talking about Loki to Steve.
Instead he buys himself a hot dog, sits down on a dry but still cold bench, and continues his mother story, finding she picked up a few weeks after she left off with a bang.
“Tony! Steve! What do you have to say about this?” LL asks then. Tony can’t find any words in his mouth, surprised that he’s actually speechless about it. Meanwhile, Steve lifts up his hand towards his mouth.
“So what, are you like, my pimp?” Yaël asked Wade a bit sarcastically as he was doing her make-up.
“I’ll carry you,” Steve adds, a bit playful.
A short list of upcoming Timestamps:
“Good that he can make himself useful after all. Anyway, I’m off, got a hot date with the missus, after all,” Francis says, picking up his cup of coffee again and making his way back towards the door.
“Except for the fact that suddenly everybody’ll know I’m crazy rich? Or maybe we’re also forgetting that the man is
“His parameters are alright,” Tony says somewhere. “Heartrate elevated which is normal on this occasion, but other than that there’s nothing standing out.”
Yaël cocked her eyebrow. God bloody damn it! She could’ve been healed a week ago! Clint’s laughing stopped abruptly when he smelled smoke. He looked down and saw his pants were on fire.
to help lift his spirits one day at a time. Not to mention the toll it takes on her, seeing as she feels everything Peter does. The first time Mantis had agreed to help Peter, back when the kid was about to fall asleep, she had cried it out, sobbed through tears and reached for her chest as she felt through what Peter felt.
“Go suck on a lemon, Barton,” Tony throws back, pointing at Clint with a light glare. The archer laughs at that, but he doesn’t respond. Then, Tony turns to Steve. “Honey, I know I’m irresistible, but I
somebody says though the entire city (or square) can hear it, voice sounding weird. Then, on the screen, suddenly comes a dark creature, sharp teeth coming out of its mouth. A long tongue comes out, the eternal grin mocking him in many ways.
,” FRIDAY suddenly pulls him out of that one stare, and then the door is closed. Tony startles, shaking his head a bit before pulling his mask up again.
Tony startles when he hears the soft voice of his son. The kid is sitting up while rubbing his eyes, but once he notices Tony next to him his eyes widen.
“You are so getting a higher allowance,” Tony breathes out, pulling him into his arms for a few short seconds before pulling away again. “Get to safety.”
“Your Majesty,” Yaël bumped up the guard as he abruptly stopped walking. He was probably standing in front of the throne. The guard sighed a bit annoyed before he finished his sentence. “This is one of the maids, Isse, and she claims she has captured this thief, sir.” The buzz in her ear went louder and turned into some kind of beep.
“You’re finally here.” Tony smiles, unwilling to pull their faces apart. He wipes a tear away from Steve’s cheeks.
No, he knows that, if he wants to find anything, he needs to go to Wilson. And he knows just how he’s going to do that.
What Peter would do to be a part of it. Maybe if he promises not to go as Peter but as Spider-Man? Maybe then he can join? Only the Avengers know who he is after all.
Sending the message, Peter once again doesn’t expect an answer. He’s pretty sure the number has been disconnected, after all; it would have been the wisest thing to do.
"That's easy for you to say, you don't even live here anymore," Clint counters bitterly. Tony smirks.
Peter takes the glass case and opens it up, taking his reactor in his hands. It’s just as warm as the other one, just letting out a bright blue shine for nobody really.
“Hello, welcome to Oscorp. How can I help you?” the woman asks, sounding a bit too cheerful for someone who has just been evacuated from her work building because of a maniac and a bunch of superheroes on the roof.
“You never indicated which floor we need to go to,” he reveals. Johnny bites on his lip while he tries to hold in a laugh.
Steve frowns before taking Tony’s hands into his own.
Peter puts the phone aside again, pulling the mask back over his head and once again looking at the city.
“C’mon! I can handle this, guys! Besides, you’re already two men short now! Just let me help,” Peter pleads, putting his hands together as if he’s praying. Tony can’t see his face underneath the mask, but he can just as well imagine the expression he’s giving.
She retracted the warmth from his body and created a ball of fire which she steered right in his face as he was still hanging right above her to cut her throat. The man shrieked and jumped off, dropping his sword as he grabbed his face. Half of it was heavily burned, the flesh was black and some of it hung down from his face with just a few last strings. Yaël sprinted and grabbed his sword as he made herself fall down and slip through her opponent’s legs, making the dust fly up. Now all the training finally paid off.
After everybody assured that they’re fine, they’re moving towards Wade to help him back up. Ned, in his panic, starts to call the ambulance before Yaël assures him that it’s not necessary since he’ll heal immediately. For one, Peter’s glad he can’t say the same, otherwise MJ might have been curious about it.
“But I was in a coma for months!”
“Yes, it is, but the thing is…I believe there’s still a piece of my friend in that creature.” Yaël bit her lip and nibbled a bit on it. So he killed Gwen, but Peter had still hope for the guy. Maybe Peter was just desperate, maybe he was hoping that he didn’t lose both Gwen and Harry…Or maybe he was right, and there was still some Harry left in the Goblin.
“Day twenty-five, test… 106. Nanites are working, but there’s a continuous connectivity issue which I think I’ve fixed.”
“We’ve apprehended three men, who have been taken into custody. As far as we know, they’re the buyers, and not the sellers, which means we’re nowhere,
“No, he isn’t!” Tony hisses, now standing in front of him and holding on to his shoulders. Behind him, Steve tries to make him back off, but Tony doesn’t listen. “Whatever happened to Harry, he’s no longer inside of
“What, you guys are best buds now? I thought you hated his guts? Or is it because you’re drunk now that your man-crush on him is showing?” Eddie shoves Flash back until he falls against a bookshelf. With multiple books falling over his head, Flash lets out a painful grunt, too drunk to stand up properly.
“Uh, you all right, Rogers? I was only joking.” Tony looked a bit worried. Steve then cleared his throat, realizing that he was sitting down on the bed, next to Tony’s feet. He quickly jumped back up, pulling at the chair.
Mr. Stark asks, and Peter frowns for a bit. What’s it to him, after all? He should have just designed some balconies or something.
“My parents worked at Oscorp,” the boy – Peter – reveals. “Though my mother used to work for you for a while before that.”
“Remember when you asked me if I was afraid the Black Cat would try to break into the tower?”
Peter waves it off. “It’s no big deal, I know how much she loves spending time with her grandfathers,” he says. Meanwhile, Annie makes a whining noise against Peter’s shoulder, stretching her arms and struggling a bit to be let go.
It’s like something changed, though. After the Ultron-disaster… Pepper can’t explain it. While she would have expected everybody to be angry at Tony (and Bruce) for creating a murdering robot off to kill the world, it seems like they’re all just… keeping friendly? It’s especially noticeable with Steve, though that one has been subtle for Pepper. While Tony barely brings up Steve, she did notice that, without their knowing, he’d shifted from ‘Rogers’ to ‘Steve’.
“Yeah…A friend of mine walked in like an hour ago for an interview with Tony Stark, are they still busy?” The receptionist nodded, left his desk and guided her to an empty waiting area with comfortable chairs, somewhere in a remote corner of the first floor. He gave her some water and told her she could always refill her cup at the water-reservoir against the wall. As soon as the man left again, Yaël kicked off her shoes and let her ears fill with quietness.
“We’ve already decided we won’t suspend you, but punishment must still be made. Mr. Stark and I have arranged something that will not interfere with your internship, so on the days you’re not working, you’ll have detention for the upcoming two weeks.”
Peter decides to get out and check out the rest of the penthouse. Seeing as this is probably all his to inherit one day, he at least deserves to have a look around. So Peter opens the door, revealing an open hallway with only two more doors. Peter ignores the one right in front of his own, instead going for the one on the far end on the right, since it’s already open. There he sees that there’s some sort of office, probably made for when Pepper lived here and wanted to work at home.
Peter arrives only two minutes after Steve’s back. The way he walks in looks more like he hasn’t been gone for a few months, as if it was only yesterday that he’d been here. Of course, before he could speak Tony pulls him into his arms and almost squeezes so hard Peter can’t breathe.
FRIDAY offers. Peter hums before putting the device back down. “
“Luckily,” Yaël straightened her back, “you do know better, since you can look into my mind.”
“Stop doing what? Telling the truth? I thought you were all about the truth?” Tony asks him. Pepper wants to roll her eyes, let out an annoyed sigh, but she holds it in. She’s not weak, she can handle a few minutes of these two.
That evening, before Yaël went home, Charles came to her and gave her orange butter cookies.
“Of course I don’t. But I trust him to make the right decisions. Don’t you?”
“Please, dear. Jesus never was a god,” Loki interrupted her with a wide grin as he gently put his hand against her back to push her towards the ship, making her shut her mouth.
“Okay you got me extremely interested up until that last part,” he tells him. “Let’s just head back, I’ll work something out with Wade and I’ll meet you up at the cycle, alright?”
somebody shouts behind him. Peter turns around, finding Iron Man already going after him.
?” the man asks. The other man shakes his head nervously.
“What did you just say?”
Wait, there’s something he’s missing here…
?” Fury sounded a bit annoyed, like he was suspecting that she did something stupid again.
“Oh, Tony. I didn’t know it was still an issue?” she asks. She puts her hand back on his shoulder and pulls him close until he’s leaning against her side. The hug is weird and mostly one-sided, but it feels good in a way, too.
“I don’t care,” he returns. “Everybody has their guilty pleasure, after all.” Eddie shoots out a web. Peter can’t avoid it quickly enough. Before he knows it, he’s pulled towards Eddie, grabbed by the suit and thrown against the ground. It’s a hard blow, pushing all the air out of Peter’s lungs as he makes painful complaining sounds. He shakes his head, trying to break free from the hold but failing at it.
Peter startles when he’s suddenly pushed onto the ground. Hissing at the pain in his side, he’s about ready to start shouting curses at the person who made him fall until he realizes who is standing there.
Tony blinks twice, pulling up a light smile until his hand is on Steve’s cheek.
The knocking gets louder. “TONY, OPEN THIS GODDAMN DOOR OR SO HELP ME I’LL CALL THE RESCUE ARMOR AND FORCE MY WAY IN!”
“Richard Parker, Mary’s husband, he designed the spiders, supposedly gave them
And there he spots the same girl the guy has been with, with only one difference; her hair. Somehow, it looks like somebody has just tossed over some paint over it and forgot a few of the blue spots, but he has to admit that it doesn’t look quite bad. He himself doesn’t really have a thing for brightly colored hair, though.
Francis smiles then, pulling out his phone and searching through some pictures before turning the device towards Peter. On the screen, the boy can see Francis and his wife, clearly in a hospital. In the wife’s arms there’s a tiny little baby covered in many blankets.
Though in the way the King was speaking, Tony wouldn’t be too surprised if the man has ulterior motives to bring Tony all the way to Wakanda instead of visiting himself. Then again, he’s
“Ah, Brucie, it’ll never be over now that we have a whole civilization of aliens building up a Kingdom in Norway,” Tony jokes. Once the door to the workshop opens, Tony and Bruce get inside to take place at the large desks. Tony motions towards the screens and they start up after that, now projecting the same thing he was looking at on the tablet. “FRI, care to analyze this stuff?”
Steve nods. "You know he's out of cryo?"
“I used vibranium and other non-magnetic materials for it. In the worst case, the device could get irregulated, but I can easily hack back into it.” He shakes his head, glad that he thought about that, at least. “What can we expect next?”
She tried to squeeze her eyes shut, in the hope she should just wake up before discovering this was actually true, before remembering the memories.
It’s just an ordinary day in New York City, though what that exactly means, Miles isn’t too sure about. There’s crime all around him, that he knows for sure. Though, noticing it is something else altogether. He could walk by the occasional mugging or car chase, often followed by a pursuing Spider-Man or Daredevil, the latter only depending on when he’s in Hell’s Kitchen by any coincidence.
“Just in general, I guess. Having kids… sure, it was expected of people back in the day. Get married, have kids. I accepted the situation as it was. But now I just- it’s
“I can’t get it off!” Peter calls out, a bit louder than before. Tony gives him a long look before he, too, moves forward and tries to take it off. When he can’t seem to make any progress on it either, Tony hums while putting a finger on his chin.
Here's a new chapter! Only one, this time!! Don't want to run out of them before I finish the story ;-)
Steve throws his hands up in the air, though the grin is still strong on his face.
Maybe drinking with Wade wasn’t such a smart idea after all, Yaël realized after a few pints and wines. The man just couldn’t get drunk. Every time he got a bit tipsy, he almost immediately sobered up again.
“How much do you know? About me?” Peter asks then, eyes suddenly glistening over wat looks like a blue liquid. He wonders what that is for, but figures that it has something to do with her mind-controlling abilities since none of the others have it.
Tony lets out a long breath before sitting down in his chair. The smile he gives Peter is faint. He hunches forward, clapping his hands together and observing his fingers carefully.
And Tony takes a deep breath, reaching for his wrist. It aches again. It always does.
“And sure, I can handle the fact that he gets to
“Peter? Get back here!” Tony shouts behind him, sounding angry. Peter jumps in surprise, and so does MJ. They see Tony nearing them with his mask lowered. “Are you two crazy? You can’t be here!”
“Cool, did you meet him already? Is he kind?”
“Hi, Mary,” Tony greets the woman in front of him. She looks just like he remembers her, with straight brown hair cut short, dark eyes radiating the friendliness she’s holding inside herself. There’s her mouth that he recognizes in Peter now, along with the forehead. Tony finds his breath catching upon seeing her.
Here’s the proof, though.
“Out, how?” the guy asks.
“Thank you all for coming,” Otto finally stands, clasping his hands together, looking a bit nervous while he speaks. “Today you will witness the birth of a new fusion-based energy source.”
“You liked it? There’s more where that one came from!” Wade continues. Peter shakes his head, holding up his hands while taking a few steps back.
Yaël let go of her mother and sprinted towards her father, who caught her in his arms and put her onto his lap. The little Yaël started fiddling with his still blonde beard. He told her in Sil, while he was still carving in the piece of wood, that the neighbours got blessed with a son and they had named him Rozenrød.
“Mordo’s too strong… we need Wanda Maximoff,” he whispers out. Peter gasps in confusion, pulling back again and turning towards the tower. It’s far away, but not that far. Wanda could make it here easily.
Peter looks away in embarrassment. There’s no reaction from Tony who is closing down his programming and leans back in his chair, grabbing his cup of coffee which surely has gotten cold now. He takes one sip, then stops and glares at his cup before putting it down again.
Peter nods and goes to stand up. Harry does the same, following Peter to the door and exiting the room as well. When Peter and Tony turn right to head to the exit, Harry stands still.
“Listen, Peter, I’m sorry that you had so see me like that,” Mr. Stark suddenly starts surprising Peter once again. He’d never think that the man was capable of apologizing to anybody, ever. “I’ve never been called professional before, but this has been an all new low for me. Drunk me is obviously an ass.”
trying
Of course, Tony is Tony. He wouldn’t recognize somebody being in love with him unless they’d tell him specifically, and even then he wouldn’t believe it until it’s said at least a hundred times.
But not as weird as to see him standing
Surely, there aren’t a lot of people he knows, but it would surely beat staying at home for the evening, right?
Steve should be used to it; to having Tony talk about himself in such a low way, like he isn’t important enough. It happens so often, almost three times every week, but yet again it hurts Steve so much in the chest, knowing that somebody he cares about so much thinks so poorly about himself. Steve sighs, walking forward and putting his hands on Tony’s shoulders.
People laugh. Even Tony. It’s a good sound, Steve realizes.
“Now you sound like Thor.”
“About how you became who you are today? Wade says it’s quite a lot, and I’m finding myself curious, to be honest.”
At least the two men wait to speak until Peter’s out of the door. When Peter sees that the assistant is not nearby, Peter decides to wait for a little moment. He knows it’s not his place, but he finds himself mighty curious.
“Don’t-“ Peter starts, but his words catch in his mouth. “Don’t say sorry. The Goblin did that. Not you.”
Due to that, we don't know when or even if we're going to post or update the stories.
“A teacher?!” Peter coughed so hard, the ice almost came out through his nose. “And do you and Charles are…have a thing or- I mean- I don’t know-“
There’s a meeting. Tony would have thought that, by now, they would have gotten to the part where this wouldn’t be necessary, but yet here they are.
better than the other days, though that only barely showed with Peter getting out of his bed willingly this morning – ignoring the fact that it was only to get a glass of water.
The look in Tony’s eyes back in that hallway… It’ll probably haunt Peter for a few of his nightmares. Tony looked angry, yes. But more than that, he looked scared to death. Like he’d been certain that Peter would die like this. And had they been a little bit later, it would have been that way.
Steve then asks. Tony stops mid-yawn, realizing his mistake there. Right, they’re no longer together. Tony broke it off a few days ago. Officially, that is.
“No way! You know Nick Fury and Professor X?” Peter asks, unable to keep his voice down. “Everybody’s heard of them, Nick Fury is like the most secretive guy in the world – we even thought him dead for long until he showed himself again during that Ultron-disaster! But Professor X! Man, what’s it like, having him in your head?”
need. Seriously, why did Johnny even do that? Wasn’t he like head over heels for Felicia?
“Alright. Talk to you later, Steve.”
, after all. This was all her idea to begin with.
Everybody nods. Peter keeps on coughing awkwardly, tapping his chest.
Peter gets off the chair and hurries back to his desk to stop the alarm. Then he picks up his bag, takes out the little box with the pills, and takes his prescribed dose. Each time he takes the water to swallow them down, he wonders at the same time how many more days it’ll be until he can stop taking them. Given his recent ‘reaction’ a few weeks ago, he knows it won’t be soon.
Peter doesn’t say anything else, but just stands up. He needs to go to the bathroom now, and not to pee or anything like that. Much to his surprise, he even finds Happy standing there, actually looking…
“Listen, Tony, I know you love Peter and that he means a lot to you, but he’s not the only smart kid around here-“
he had said, and Peter had frowned and tried to ask what he meant, but never got a straight answer out of him.
your help, here.”
Arriving at an empty house, Peter finds a note on the table from Aunt May, telling him she’s got another series of night shifts for the next five days. Peter sighs, dropping the piece of paper back on the table and trying to think back of the last time he actually spent time with her. He thought that the internship would at least help out a bit on the working-part, but seeing as Peter has not been accepted by any college yet, Stark Industries can’t release the sum for now. Their bills stay the same, as much as their income – though Peter earns a tad bit more at Stark Industries in comparison to the Pizza place.
“Why?”Yaël asked. Not that she wanted to stay in that glass box, of course. The guy lifted his eyebrow sarcastically.
Her thoughts wandered off while Brunnhilde brought her to their destination. Wasn’t it weird that with anybody else, like Jason, she’d be freaking out right now? Well, she still was a bit freaking out, because one part of her brain was wondering what was going to happen if Loki ever wanted to get married. But the other part of her brain told her that that was impossible as Loki didn’t even want to call their weird, deformed relationship
“If you want to, I can do that,” the Goblin says in his usual screechy voice; a voice that doesn’t fit Harry at all. Then he releases is grab on Peter a tiny bit, giving Peter the feeling that he’s about to fall. He lets out a shout, and suddenly grabs on to the Goblin’s hands in an attempt to hold on to something.
“What? Norwegian? That’s a random language…Why would they speak that?”
Did he?
The first example is when a young man suddenly starts running with an old woman’s purse. Immediately, Peter does into pursuit. Without warning, he pulls the guy up, binds him into his web for the police to find, and quickly offers the woman her bag again. He tries to refuse when she gives him a few dollar bills, but she seems adamant on giving it to him.
“Are you wearing contacts?” he asks. Felicia blinks a few times before frowning.
“I’m fine, Helen can look it over, remember?” Steve says tiredly. Tony shakes his head, turning Steve around in search for more. In Steve’s arms there are a few more shards as well. At least nothing in the face. He’s pretty sure that, while Steve can heal from most things, blindness isn’t really one of those.
“Damn it, Wade,” Peter groans out when he can’t get any breath.
There’s more laughter. The pressure on his chest gets even stronger. Peter finally opens his eyes and grabs the foot, but holds himself in on pulling it away. He doesn’t want to raise attention to himself.
“I’m not in the mood for sex tonight,” Steve returns, almost in a whisper. He keeps his eyes shut as Tony undresses him.
“What about him?” Steve asks. Tony clears his throat.
“Okay, I would say you’ve lost me but I wasn’t really ever following. What are you nerds on about?” Natasha pulls James’ head back again after he’s been leaning forward to point at Sam. James follows suit, leaning his back against Natasha’s legs.
It’s obvious that Venom starts to get tired of them. Despite the fact that Peter’s found an advantage in using his speed and being in constant movement, it also looks like he’s becoming predictable. They even each other out like this; Venom tired, but able to know what Peter’s next move will be.
“Yeah, no, thank you, Rhodey. Talk to you later.”
“Uh, I’m in the bathroom!” Peter calls out to him.
When she looked back at Raido, she saw him staring at Lopt with an untrusting shimmer in his eyes. “What is it?” she asked him, but she already knew the answer.
“I know who you are,” May returns. “We worked at the same hospital.”
“Tony, seriously, what are you doing?” Mary urges him on. Tony taps his head.
Dr. Thatch nods. What Peter isn’t telling her is that it’s been hard at first, training. Mostly because he has to hold back his strength all the time, not wanting to appear
He startles when there’s a sudden banging on the door. Tony’s eyes open up, the clock indicating that it’s twenty past eight. Confused, he frowns while scratching his head. He wouldn’t have expected to actually fall asleep right now.
Peter puts down his empty cup, standing up as well. That’s when Mr. Stark turns back to him.
“Everything’s fine, Peter,” Tony answers in panic, head turned towards the window while watching the rain fall. He’s sure Peter knows he’s lying, because Tony is not at all succeeding in giving him a convincing poker-face. Luckily for him, the kid doesn’t seem to want to press it.
“Good, because… uh… I think I’m taking you up on that, uh,
“Elevators aren’t for attacking. Unless it’s of the consensual sexual type.”
“I’m sorry, Peter,” Tony says. It falls on deaf ears.
“Just press the button in the middle,” Mr. Stark adds. Peter looks down, seeing the small black button he noticed before. Without any hesitation, he reaches up to his chest and presses down with two of his fingers. After that, the tent he’s wearing around him suddenly tightens up, turning into an actual form-fitting shirt that accentuate his muscles and slender figure.
Warnings this time:
He’s got work to do, after all.
“Damn it!” Barnes curses. “Don’t stand together, you’re an easier target, idiots!” He runs away from the little group that has collected. Tony agrees, forcing himself to run off. He has since long lost the ability to fly. His link with FRIDAY is lost, too. But above him, he can see Rhodey and Pepper hover in the air.
“MJ! Hi, uh, hi! I’m, uh, kind of doing something right now, is there something wrong?” He quickly looks behind him to see where the Cat is. She seems to be climbing up, back to the roof.
“Peter! I lost it when I got the message! Are you alright?” Mr. Stark asks without pulling away. Peter, with eyes barely able to open, just nods and gently taps him on the back in return. His throat feels hoarse, and he’s sure he’s dripping blood all over Mr. Stark’s shirt.
Ned then gives him a confused stare.
He wonders why exactly he made that appointment; is it because he just wants to talk to Stark? Or has he unconsciously decided that he
Tony had said. Peter had objected.
Wish me luck on my job interview today!
“You’ve got to be kidding me?” Tony complains, turning his head back and eyes peeled on the ceiling. The team already barely takes him seriously, and now they can add this to the list of ‘why Tony Stark isn’t fit to be an Avenger’. So far, the creation of Ultron is on the top of said list.
instead). Tony’s made peace with the fact that she exceeds him in intelligence. Who else would he trust the mantle on, after all?
“Please, couple of the century is more like it,” he jokes, throwing away Clint’s greeting with a wave. “We’ve come to pick up… well, uh, everybody. The kids have requested the place to their own tonight, remember?”
“My agents are missing,” he admits. “Coulson and his team, they’ve been AWOL for a few months now.”
“How late is it?” he asks. Peter looks down on the screen of the phone.
He’s about to make a comment on it, but eventually keeps his mouth shut when Steve gives him a sad look.
“Tony, are you still with me?” Steve asks after a few long seconds. But even when Tony opens up his mouth to confirm his question, nothing comes out. Steve’s voice sounds weird, as if it’s distant. The other noises around him start getting louder. His eyes sting, his chest hurts. He sees Peter fall down again, unmoving…
Of course, Yaël had asked him why.
“Stop it, alright?!” Tony calls out, louder than he wanted. Pepper’s face changes from angry to surprised. Meanwhile, Rhodey walks up to him and holds out his hand. “You should all be glad that I didn’t hit the bottle.”
“I think not. James asked them if someone filed a complaint against you, but there was no official accusation against you, so they left.” Yaël turned off the shower, stepped out and took a towel.
“Well, yeah, I’ve been awake most of the night talking to the government, trying to keep your ass out of the fire.”
“Uh, yeah, uh, I did,” Peter answers. “It needs some work, but it’s been with me since the beginning.”
Tony stiffens a bit. He did say that, but he didn’t really mean it. Yeah, sure, he had been angry! Nobody can hold it against him, right?
Right, the guy that gave Peter his number.
Its around four in the afternoon that he arrives. He called in advance, asking Reed to tell everybody to be here. But it meant that Johnny had to cancel his ‘date’ with that girl he met in the bar. Of course, everybody knows how that
“So they even pay you to be my friend, but they don’t pay me to buy shampoo? Great!” Yaël threw her hands in the air and rolled her eyes. Wade shrugged. “So, now I have a superhero friend? What, to teach me how to be responsible and shit?”
“Harry?!” Peter calls out, suddenly running towards the door and opening it. Once he’s faced with his best friend, a strong gasp escapes his lungs. “What are you- how are you- when did you-?” No sentence manages to be formed. Harry just smiles at him, though it’s not the usual playful smirk.
The closer they get to the lab, the more noise Peter can hear. Gwen must have been right about the Avengers being in the common room. Peter itches to go have a look, find out who’s there and who isn’t. But he’s not sure he can explain the story before every member starts shooting at him for wearing this ‘venom’-suit. No, that’s a thing to avoid.
“We saw you approach because of the cameras in the trees. Wanda wanted to greet you personally when you arrived,” the… robot (?) says. Wanda only smiles a little bit, and then pulls on his arm to cross hers with his, doing the same thing with Vision.
“I met somebody, too. It was MJ, I don’t know if you remember her from school?” Gwen nods. “We were together, not for that long, though. The suit kind of ruined it…”
Oh, and the woman he used to love is pissed right now, for some reason.
The bell rings. Peter’s late for class.
!” Yaël looked up confusedly. But within a split second, the device in her neck send an electric shock through her whole body, making her fall into the dirt again.
say that Tony’s not worth it. It feels like multiple stabbings, hitting him right in the heart. Carefully, he looks up, his eyes finally meeting Steve’s.
Peter’s head shoots up in alarm upon that. Has anybody figured out that Steve might possibly but very surely have a crush on a certain super-intelligent billionaire? A crush that even Peter shouldn’t know about but does because he’s seen the guy stare and pine for the past two months? A crush that may or may not be returned but it’s not easy to say since said super-intelligent billionaire is master in keeping his thoughts of that quiet?
“Uh, young Mr. Stark, do you mind, uh… can I talk to you outside for a moment?”
“Oh, please, do tell?”
“Davey! How long have you been here?” Johnny asks when he pulls back. He clearly seems to find his friend’s drunken state quite hilarious, since he gives Peter a short look with amused eyes.
“Oh, I didn’t hear that last part,” Tony says out loud, now this time actually earning a glare from Pepper. He ignores it, instead leaning back in his seat.
“Oh, right you are,” Otto says, suddenly his eyes meeting Tony’s and giving him a playful smirk. Tony had forgotten how happy Otto always used to be back in college, being pretty chipper for a guy who had nothing in his life left but a mother who didn’t even want him to pursue science. And while Otto starts explaining the chip on the back of his neck, the thing preventing for the AI to take control, Tony likes it even less.
“Harry Lyman, yes,” he says proudly. “I just came over from… Seattle. Didn’t like the rain, parents split up, what else can you do?” He shrugs it away as if it’s not a big deal. Peter doesn’t really know what to think of it. His senses don’t give him any warnings, but he’s still not feeling quiet easy about it.
“You just told me you came here from another universe, one where the two of us are actually in a
“Man, that was the longest meeting I’ve ever had the displeasure of attending,” she muttered out. When she suddenly noticed Steve and Natasha standing there, practically holding hands, she let out a little ‘oh’-sound. “I’m sorry, I must have gone off the wrong floor?”
“He likes it,” Tony returns. “By the end of the year I figure he’ll have two more degrees to add to that first one.”
“You should change it,” Tony continues on like nothing’s wrong at all.
“Tony, don’t-“ he starts, but Tony starts shaking his head wildly.
“Well, I figure both of us pretty much got it off our chests back then. You got anything more to add to it?” Peter asked while unwittingly ticking his legs, using them as drums.
“I’m just…-“
Tony clears his throat. He tries to shift in the bed, but accidentally bumps his arm against the nightstand. He lets out a curse.
“Of course you need to go for Sheeran,” Tony mumbles while keeping focus on his breathing.
Peter counters in annoyance. Tony bites his lips together, getting a snort from Steve’s location. He gives him a poke in the side.
“Dad, are you alright?”
Ross is being theatrical, Tony notes. He leaves too long pauses in his words, giving all the members of the Avengers a deep, serious look that clearly indicates ‘I’m not messing around here’. That’s probably the reason why everybody is staying quiet, even though nobody in this room should even be scared of the man in front of him.
“Well, he does now. It’s a dream Yaël, not the real deal. We can adjust it a bit.” The thin line between memory and dream was complicated, but she trusted the man in what he was doing. “So before I press play again, do you remember why we’re here?”
Peter snorts. “I’m not sure,” he mutters.
“No,” the man said quietly. Yaël heard a blast somewhere. The sound of splintering pieces of wood sounded as softly as a drizzle onto a roof. There were tears in Cem’s eyes. “You know I didn’t want to leave you behind like that, right? Alone and abandoned in the woods…”
Peter and MJ give each other a look when they notice the journalists holding up their cameras. Tony looks like Tony Stark, standing there like he has all the confidence in the world. Pepper stands next to him, keeping her phone in her hand but looking at the aircraft coming down instead of typing down.
“You know, gay and proud? I mean, sure, it took a little while for you to be open about it in my world, but… you got married, Steve? Does Sharon even know that you are-“
“Why the fuck are you swearing under my roof?” Tony says, almost jumping up from the couch while he turns towards Peter, who opens his eyes up wide in surprise. A bit confused about what’s happening here, he finds himself unable to say anything.
think of it! He can’t fall back into that dark hole. Happy thoughts, happy thoughts, happy thoughts!
Next to him sits Vision, who is listening to whatever story Mr. Stark is telling him. He seems actually interested in it, and Peter can’t help but smile a little bit about that. Behind him, Steve clears his throat, catching their attention. Then Vision stands up, passing his hand over his dark blue shirt before getting back to the door.
“Depends on who’s paying,” she says seductively, reaching out a hand and putting it on Peter’s cheek. Then, without a warning she pulls his head up again. “My eyes are up here, hotshot.”
Crap, he’s going to have to fall if he doesn’t want Mr. Stark to realize there’s something fishy going on here. Or spidery. Great.
“I’m not going with you and I’ll give you a hard time if you’re trying to kidnap me,” Yaël answered dangerously.
“I’ve been out for nine days, Peter. Diego even fired me.” Her boss simply texted to tell her she wasn’t welcome anymore and Yaël read that a few days later, when she finally woke up again.
They grind, they turn over until Steve is leaning above Tony, they even let out a few curses. But as soon as they reach their peak, it’s Steve who speaks up. And as those words ring in Tony’s ear, all his trouble from earlier, though for just a little while, seems to disappear.
“He, uh, he used override codes to get an early access. The suit then aided him in his search for this Vulture-guy,” Tony clarifies.
And given Steve’s fury, Tony’s sure he’ll want and kill the monster before he can ever try and set foot on Earth.
“Do you remember, back in prison?” Steve suddenly asks. Tony doesn’t move.
“We?” Peter cocked his eyebrow, not understanding what she was talking about.
“Atta girl!” Yaël said as she slapped Peter’s butt when she walked passed him to leave his room. And for a second, she asked herself if this was how it felt like to be a big sister.
“But my spaghetti…” Yaël pouted.
“Does anybody know this code?”
Peter has lost him about fifteen minutes ago, probably to some random girl he hopes will be his conquest of the evening. Johnny’s need to sleep with girls is so big, Peter for a moment wonders if he doesn’t just have this slightest addiction-problem to sex.
He is Tony Stark’s son.
“Hi, Dads! Did you guys sleep well? These beds are amazing, don’t you think? I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud, it’s insane!”
“Ah come on! I’m hungry!” Wade whines. They both just ignore him, instead eating in silence (as much as that’s possible), and only letting him out once they’ve finished.
“That’s because you should make your homework yourself,” the boy, Ned, says with a shiver in his voice. The bully – Peter doesn’t need long to understand it’s Flash and Eddie – just starts to laugh while he looks at his friends. Though, surely, none of these people actually see Flash as an actual friend. They’re probably just scared of being bullied as well if they aren’t.
“I’ll make a show out of it.” Tony returns. Patting Steve on the chest once more, he moves away from him and heads back to his seat. “Say, you think Nat would want to sing a song, too? I heard her sing one of her scary Russian lullabies once. She might put up a real good horror show there.”
“Jason,” he said with a modest smile. Yaël shook his hand and mumbled her name back. He sat down next to her. The whole room was filled with chairs, but this handsome monster just HAD to sit next to her. “So are you here for an interview too? I’m here for the job as receptionist, they needed another, extra one. It’s a busy company.”
“No problem,” he said while scrolling “I know somebody who can.” Wade almost dropped his phone when it suddenly started ringing. “Well, what a 'coincidence',” he mumbled when he saw the name on the screen. “Yo, mister X, I just wanted to call you, you’re on speaker!”
“Are we friends?” Tony asks, not ever having gotten the vibe from Romanoff that they are even supposed to be friendly to each other.
Tony wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth, of course. If Peter’s reaching out for him, he’s not going to complain.
“You’re in charge today,” he instructs him. “I’ve been Captain America for the past three days, almost non-stop. I just… take the control from me, just for a little while.”
He takes a few deep breaths and keeps on looking at his IV.
“I-I- he was my b-best fr-friend,” Peter stutters out, stumbling over his words. “H-he’s one of the only p-people I’ve got left from w-when I was a k-kid. I don’t want t-to lose him, too.”
“Please, my singing skills should not surprise anyone,” he says. “You know I once sung a song for an old girlfriend. With Sting, of all people. She loved it, obviously, because I’m good.”
Dr. Strange has changed a lot since the last time Peter saw him. It probably starts with the clothes. Since when does the man, the Neurosurgeon of the year, wear a cape? And orange gloves? What the hell is this, even?
Chrissy appears with the victory belt. She stands next to Steve.
“I know, thanks.”
“Hey, buddy,” he says in return. Then he looks down at the suit. It’s no longer green, now, Peter realizes. The suit is completely black, with hints of blue on certain parts at his arms and hands. “Like the new look? Your dad made it a while back, but I’ve always refused to wear it.”
Peter’s familiar voice suddenly says. Steve’s heart speeds up after that, especially when he hears some people talking in the background. They haven’t found them yet, but they know there’s somebody here.
For the following ten minutes, the two get themselves working on the first few designs until Peter chases him off, telling him that he wants to make this one himself. Tony surrenders with a laugh, and gets to work on his own thing.
“But I-?” Peter can’t finish any sort of sentence. He gets a supportive pat on the shoulder from Harry, who seems to find all of this hilarious.
“Really?” Peter asks, but he still takes it from him. Then, with all the gentleness he can manage, he slowly lowers the glowing triangle down until it’s put inside safely. When Peter then closes the reactor once again, it suddenly starts to glow.
“Who do we have here, guys? Is that- wait? Is that you, Peter Parker?” Flash asks, giving one more push before letting go at last. Then he pulls on Peter’s shoulder until he falls off his seat. With his eyes still closed, he doesn’t know how many people are watching this happening. But seeing as it’s lunch, he’s sure it’s a lot of them.
“I’ll look for other people,” Cat says as Peter puts his hands under the girl’s shoulders and helps her up to her feet. Before Peter can tell her to wait, she’s already gone. Peter rolls his eyes, lifting the girl up easily and running back to the window he came in through.
The third day, he realizes Peter might actively be avoiding him. So far, he hasn’t picked up the phone at all, and Steve has to do with whatever the news tells him. It goes from alcohol poisoning to hepatitis A to acute liver failure. Steve can’t really follow it, and he wishes he has more to go on. But, with no other way to contact anybody in New York, his hands are tied.
felt, back when you stabbed me in the back,” the Goblin hisses. There’s a punch into his face. Blood streams from Peter’s nose.
Then, another paper. This time, Peter doesn’t open it immediately. He pretends to pay attention to class, writes down some notes of a lesson he already understands plenty, and gets up when the bell indicates the hour being over. Flash’ paper is now tucked into the pocket of his hoodie. He hands in the extra homework he did to get extra credits, gets a content nod from the teacher, and then hurries back into the hallway, grabbing his cellphone once more but seeing that he still has no new messages.
“You said Spider-Man was under control,” somebody else says. Tony doesn’t know the man; once in the past they might have been introduced, but now Tony can’t for the life of him remember his name. It’s not like he cares about it, anyway.
“Come on, I could use a sparring-partner right now, and it seems like you’re not busy.”
“Hey, no need to get personal there,” Tony banters in return. Darcy keeps her head on Steve’s shoulder before groaning again and getting herself back on her feet.
FRIDAY suggests then. Tony shakes his head.
"Not really that surprised, given that we're just awesome," Tony says with a wide grin. Steve, too, smiles.
“But… I don’t get it, I think…”
His senses are all wrong; he’s shivering all over, he’s on edge. The constant feeling that something is wrong won’t leave him, and if he wasn’t in here right now he would be screaming it out.
“How do you feel?” Loki asked.
But the seconds kept on ticking, and eventually, Gwen’s web was cut in two, causing for her to fall. Peter once more shot out for her, but he was too late. Even though his web caught her, she was too low. Her head still smacked against the ground, giving a loud cracking-noise that Peter could hear from even above.
“I am so happy to have been given such an wonderful friend like you,” Thor says, quickly pulling away again to look Steve into the eyes. “I am happy that you and Anthony have reconciled. I did not like seeing you so sad like you were the last time you were here.”
Yeah, that had been the surprise of the century, but Harry hadn’t been angry. Instead, he urged Peter on to ask MJ for senior prom instead. Harry’s a good friend.
“I’m not sure if… look, a few years ago I injected myself with nanites that now hold the suit inside of me. Parts of those nanites are also in my bloodstream. I just… I can’t risk Peter’s powers shifting because of that.”
“Damn, Peter… why didn’t you tell me about this?” Harry asks. Peter shrugs again.
“Thank you, Tony. Really.”
Peter never texted back. He did excuse himself for the week after, but next to that one text, Yaël didn’t hear anything from him. That was until Wanda and Wade were one day hanging around in her apartment after they helped her move back in.
“Okay, I’ll have to guess then! Hmm, I heard rumours in the hallways about the Grandmaster having a huge sex-drive... So he probably has some favourites which he picks to do it with.” Loki not reacting to that made Yaël raise her eyebrows. “No way!” she let out. “He managed to make you his toy!”
As Wade was still being grumpy about his pizza and rambled just to annoy them, Yaël took a look at Peter. He was just staring at the wall with glassy eyes, while eating his pizza.
“Seems like we have company!” The Goblin suddenly shouts, and Peter dares to turn his head to the side. He’s proven right when he can see a glimpse of Iron Man following them.
Peter drops the phone, jumping back up on his feet and turning towards the source of the sound. Much to his surprise, there’s MJ, dressed in an apron with messy hair. She looks very much the way she always does. Once upon a time, that might have frightened Peter. Now he only finds it endearing to her character.
“I’ll get those journals. After that I’ll help you figure this out,” he assures him. Then he walks up to Steve, wrapping his arms around Steve’s waist and holding him in a tight embrace. Steve returns the hug, the taller man letting out a shaky breath as he presses his face in Tony’s hair.
Peter… the poor kid. Tony’s almost sure he’ll want nothing to do with him anymore. Tony is supposed to be a mentor, somebody to learn from. He even gave the kid a speech about how things will get better. What’s he supposed to think now?
“What the actual fuck are you doing here?” he didn’t look happy to see her at all, but she hadn’t expected anything else.
“Lopt… It’s Lopt!” The dark-haired man said quickly, without giving Yaël a moment to dig up the name. Lopt? She surely didn’t remember that name… Raido frowned and pulled her out of her thoughts. “Yaël, I don’t want to do this.”
FRIDAY stays quiet for a bit, hovering above the ground for a moment.
“Sure, tell him,” Peter says. “Also, can you tell him I’ll go and see him tonight? And that I’m on patrol with Wanda and Vision?”
Steve lets out another sigh. The fact that Cho isn’t there is really bad news, since they’re going to have to use the public services this time. With that, there’s more chances that they’re going to be seen, and then the news will be plastered on all the newspapers.
Who would have thought that Wade would have saved his ass today? At least, along with Mr. Stark, that is.
“Uh,” Peter gets out, thinking back of what he’s made in the past. “I made an automatic lock on my door that I can control with my computer?” he tries, but then he tries to search a bit further. “My Uncle and I, we used to fix up his car a few times. Or I upgraded a friend’s computer once after it kept on crashing.”
Peter gets to what looks like a working desk. Gently, he picks up a few papers with notes on them, reading through the formulas and explanations of what seems to be Dr. Octavius’ latest project. In the corner of his eyes, he can read Oscorp’s name written on most of the papers, meaning that they must be sponsoring the man.
Before Peter can even respond, the call is ended on Tony’s side. Peter’s mouth falls open in his surprise, and he lowers the phone, staring at it in disbelief. His
But he doesn’t think he should risk it, at all. Mr. Stark’s a busy man, and Peter’s sure he won’t have the time to talk to some kid of a woman he used to be friends with. Does the guy even know about Peter? The fact that he never even appeared in his life must mean that they didn’t part in friendship.
Yaël shrugs.
“He’s Captain America,” Tony says quickly before thinking of the other way to describe Steve. Wonderful and perfect Steve.
“How do you know?” he asks in confusion.
“So, Mr. Parker, how are we feeling today?” Dr. Strange asks. Peter looks up, smiling at the man.
“Peter, meet the physiological illusion: Professor Charles Xavier!” Yaël said, remembering that Peter was flabbergasted when she once told him X helped her out with some stuff. Peter confusedly turned to X, Yaël could almost see the gears in his head turn. “He’s not here,” Yaël decided to explain “His just in your head, and in mine too, obviously.”
Anyway, after a request, here's the de-ageing part. It's not completely how I wanted it to be, but you can blame my distracted mind for that!
There are more people volunteering here, but these people are the ones they hang out most with. They know Peter and MJ pretty well, too. Hearing that they’re finally together, the group even said they were going to bring champagne for the next meeting – which they did, the idiots…
“No, but you see, that wasn’t
this time, because what he said really wasn’t cool and whatever else she said…).
That’s when Peter finally pulls back, suddenly realizing what that one thing was he was forgetting about.
“She came down with the Chitauri on the day of the invasion. When I destroyed the base, they all died except for her. Which is why SHIELD took special interest in her,” he explains. He pulls up his tablet and logs in to his hidden files. There he brings up her case. “The Hulk found her, kicked her ass, but she didn’t die despite it. So we took her in. She was watched almost the entire time by one of our team to make sure she wouldn’t break free.
“Hi!” she yelled above the clattering the plates in the water made.
Peter’s.
On the fifth day, she went back to the grocery store. She got some food and walked passed a whole rack filled with hair dye on sale. So, of course, Yaël painted her hair blue. Because that felt like a fun thing to do and it would piss Fury off for her not being an adult.
Again, Yaël saw the man, this time it looked like he was sitting in a rocking chair, reading a book. But, yet again, it was too far away to see what he looked like or what he was doing exactly. The only thing that she gained in sight this time was his very dark hair.
“It doesn’t matter,
“How is he?” he asks before he can stop himself. He doesn’t need to clarify who he’s talking about. They’ll know. Natasha closes her mouth, and Sam tilts his head forward a bit.
Bruce returns. Natasha gives him a fond smile before hanging up the phone. She’s at least glad there’s no bad blood between the two of them. Whatever their small fling was – though it was sincere – it’s now completely over. Friendship and nothing more is what Natasha wants from Bruce.
Susan laughs and nods in understanding. Then she takes Reed’s hand, who is distracted with his phone, and pulls up his fingers to her lips.
“Steve, you love Tony, don’t you?” Peter asks. Steve clears his throat.
“He’s a handful, yeah, but we take care of each other,” he then says, petting Dum-E on the head for a moment before thinking better of it. Dum-E just whirs as he tries to get closer.
“Like
“It’s snowing outside, and we didn’t want to get stuck in traffic,” they had said when they arrived at the door. Nobody complains about that, of course. They just put their presents underneath the tree, Happy then helps out adding chairs and fetching the tables from the lower floors to add them upstairs.
“Wait, how did you guys deal with the nuke?”
Tony itches on telling her no. On one hand he doesn’t want to face him just yet. He isn’t ready for the shameful apology he hasn’t even prepared yet. But eventually he surprises himself when he finds himself saying: “Yeah, call him up.”
She barely went to the compound. It wasn’t her world. It could be if she would give it a chance, but she knows not to get into it. She won’t be able to climb back out. It’s a promise she made to herself years ago.
. The man he hasn’t spoken to for the past two months. The man he’s been missing all this time. The second father he’s found himself without even searching for it.
Mary must be seeing the expression on his face. Through her tears she starts shaking her head while reaching out her hands towards him.
Disgusted with himself, Peter passes the back of his hand over his lips as if to dry them. His mask is still lifted up so he quickly pulls it down, glad that she at least didn’t pull it off completely.
“MJ needed some help with the test as well, I thought I’d bring her along,” Harry says happily. He only gets a few silent stares in return before Tony interrupts again.
The second week, Peter figured he just hadn’t returned.
She couldn’t show up with the two old people, looking like she had been fighting a bear… they’d fire her!
“Wha-what case?”
Though, even in this kiss, all he asks in return is that Steve never leaves him without any good reason. That Steve stays by his side, guides him through the worst. That, while Tony will take care of him, Steve takes care of him in return.
“He’s also a master of the mystic arts who can track shit,” Bruce adds with a wink. Peter hums in understanding, passing a finger over the screen as he goes through the files. “I’m sorry I ran off during the whole thing at Otto’s.”
“Huh, looks pretty alive to me…” Wolverine mutters, already moving to jump out of the window as well.
here, you’ll sign?” he asks. Sam nods.
“Any change in another part in the body?” Tony asks. It’s a genuine question, one he’s been wondering ever since this morning when he walked towards the bathroom and accidentally broke the sink. When he looked into the mirror, he couldn’t help but notice the slight change in size of his muscles. They’re not as big as Steve’s, but they’re still lager than he can remember.
Peter nods carefully, not able to smile at all despite Steve doing it. Instead, he presses his face against Steve’s shoulder and the two just stand there for a little while.
“I remember getting your text. I was heading your way to rip you a new one, but I don’t remember the details; I was kinda drunk,” she mutters, shaking her head. “Uh, last thing I remember was you dancing with an umbrella in your hand.”
Anyway, here we go. Timetravel is the weirdest concept to write about, given the fact that it's practically impossible and too many theories have already been made of it. I've chosen to ignore most of it, instead using mostly the technology Deadpool 2 has given us.
“Nah, it was a slow evening anyway. We’ll clean up without any trouble. You kids just have fun.”
“I’ll give you some privacy,” he says, and he follows Steve out of the room, closing the door behind him and thus leaving Peter alone with Mr. Stark.
They do their own thing for about two hours until the door opens, revealing Steve coming their way. Peter gives him a small wave, and he gets a hand passing over his head – messing up his hair – in return.
“Get him through, and please lower the volume next time, Fri,” Tony mutters.
“You need to tell me this, Parker; when I looked at the dormitories, I was happy. You want to know why?”
“What the-“ Peter grits out, slightly lifting up his mask and spitting out some blood that must have come when he bit his tongue during the blast. His head feels like it’s going to explode. There’s dust and smoke everywhere, alarms from all the police cars all around him.
“You have your capabilities and talents, Yaël.” she looked up with a sarcastic grin.
“If we play our cards right, we’ll all get through this unscathed,” Natasha assures him. Tony nods, but only slightly.
Choosing the song isn’t at all the hardest part. It’s keeping it from Steve. He chose the song especially for him, because he knows Steve is going to sink on the ground from embarrassment when he hears it, and it would mean Tony would win.
He wonders if he should call the police?
And it's 20 past midnight here, so officially the 25th! Merry Christmas to everybody, I hope you all have lots of fun today, whether it is with friends, family, or with your dear house pets because they matter, too!
Peter endures the class, ending up with a paper scribbled with nothing more but possible additions for the new suit. Mostly, it’s just the same thing over and over again. ‘Karen’. Not that he can’t function without her, but it’s actually a whole lot less lonely with her voice humming in his ear.
“Yeah, go wild!” Tony says. He stands up to take the plates before Peter jumps up as well.
“What happened in your universe, Steve?” Tony asks. So far, Steve hasn’t said a word about it, making Tony question what exactly happened over there. But Steve shakes his head, clearly not comfortable enough to talk about it like that.
“Hi, Peter!” she calls out while running up to him. Peter keeps up his fast pace.
“Not really,” Steve admits. “Usually they last about three minutes, maybe five tops. It’s a whole lot to remember, after all.”
After that, they’re gone. And now all Natasha needs to do is wait. She clears her throat, getting up from her seat and taking her cup of coffee in her hands.
So Peter follows Mr. Stark towards a window he didn’t know was actually a door. Mr Stark opens it, gesturing for Peter to come inside. The teenager hesitates only for a little bit, but then he agrees.
“Uh uh uh!” Tony suddenly starts, holding out a finger with red all over his face. As he marches towards Peter, Steve pushes himself off the counter to get to his partner. “You’re not talking this time.”
“That’s… different,” Tony groans out. “That’s the last time I’m letting Peter chose.”
They’re at the shelter, handing out plates full of food to the kind people in front of them. Ignoring every bit their nose smells, they stay in place and don’t let it show that it’s actually smelling
“I don’t care, you are injured,” Steve counters. Getting to the elevator, Tony slumps into his chair, throwing his head back and looking at the ceiling above him.
“He did lose me,” Tony says, lowly. “He did all that by himself.”
“He, uh… he moved back to the tower. Transported all of his stuff from the workshop as well. He’s not really her biggest fan.”
Tony gives Peter a long look, still dumbfounded. But after a while, he smiles. He takes the few steps that separates him and his son, and puts his hand behind Peter’s head to give him a kiss in his hair.
“If I wouldn’t use my powers, and people would end up hurt… what would that make of me?”
“Dude, if your girlfriend would be in the hospital wouldn’t you want to go and see her?” Sam counters.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asks? Tony looks up from his tablet to look at Sharon as well. Then, suddenly, the thing vibrates in his hand as an indication that he has incoming files.
“I mean, to think about it; one of the hottest girls I’ve seen, if you look past the nerdy façade she went for. I can bet she was a goddess in the sack?”
At first Peter had wondered why Harry isn’t celebrating Christmas with MJ. He just grunted, saying something about ‘Too soon’ and ‘meet the parents’, and never mentioned it again afterwards. Peter doesn’t ask about it.
Next, there’s Ned, who is couching a bit before sitting up as well to look at the damage. He’s next to Wade, who looks like he fell in a big shard of glass and is currently hesitating on whether or not he should pull it out.
“Yeah okay, I’ll see if I can come over later today, then,” Peter says. He’s wondering if he’s imagining the rumbling sound he’s hearing on the other side of the line.
“You stealing stuff is my business. Just as much as those stolen weapons that were supposed to be turned in to SHIELD,” Peter says while pointing towards her utility belt. The girl rolls her eyes.
“Okay, is there something else I should know?” This made Wade finally look up from the TV. Yaël failed miserably at hiding how she felt. Of course, Wanda already noticed her friend was trying her best not to be pissed off.
“Peter, what have you gotten yourself into this time?” Tony mumbles.
He’s out of the apartment building in no time, already swinging his way out of Queens and heading more into Midtown. That’s where he usually starts, though other than that he doesn’t particularly have a tour to follow. Sometimes he gets all the way to Coney Island, sometimes he even passes through Hell’s Kitchen.
- Meeting Dr. Strange
“Hmmmm,” Tony agrees, indeed knowing what he was talking about.
“You’re taking my suit again, aren’t you?”
“FRI, lock up the tower. Nothing gets in or out until I say so,” Tony mutters out. He starts walking forward, where to, Peter doesn’t know. He doesn’t get far, since Steve grabs his hand, and stops him in his step.
“Right,” Steve sighs, putting his hand on his forehead. “God, I’m so useless, it’s so embarrassing.”
“Uh, who else did not see this coming?” Clint asks after a while. Everybody then snorts.
“Whazzit tyou?” Mr. Stark’s slurred voice asks. Peter’s heart breaks a little, especially when he thinks back of yesterday, the way Mr. Stark assure Steve that he was fine.
Fine, whatever, make sure she’s having fun.”
Oh, crap, they’ve really pulled away their filter right now! It’s just a miracle that not all of the school knows about Peter being Spider-Man.
"These are your weapons," Tony says, opening the box and throwing one of the things towards Harry, who catches it without any trouble.
- Not really any warnings at all
“Well, at least the kids will think I have a handsome boyfriend, honey!” Yaël winked at Steve , who shook his head and snickered, as she walked towards him.
It's a conscious decision to keep this story strictly Tony-Peter-centric. There are no other POV's, since the story is only about them two. If they don't know somebody's feeling about something, they won't know until it's specifically said to them. With that in mind, I have prepared timestamps where we can finally get inside of Steve's head for a few of the situations in here! :-)
Pepper’s face shows up on the screen, and given the background, Tony knows that she’s back in Malibu. After she and Tony broke up, Tony let her live in the house – or is it a mansion? He doesn’t know – they’ve rebuilt after it’d been blown up. Peter can see Happy walking around there somewhere behind her, cursing about something.
fault, it’s mine entirely. And I could say yes when you propose in, say, a year? But if we would go for it, I would constantly be waiting for you to decide you have enough of me. And it’s not fair on you.”
Yaël started making links. So, her mother probably got executed somehow. Well, if this psycho was telling the truth anyways.
“Pretty handy, no?” he asks. “I’m also kind of connected to the entire internet and the tower’s mainframe. My head is now practically a computer.” Tony taps his head for a bit, giving the others a wide smirk.
“Hit her with a lightning blast,” Loki blurted out. It was clear that he was running of ideas.
“I remember getting your text…” Goddammit, what came after that? “I was heading your way to rip you a new one, but I don’t remember the details; I was kinda drunk,” she mumbled. Oh, wait, she also remembered him dancing to Umbrella.
“Okay, you two: leave. I need to focus.” The fire went back to the bunch of candles Yaël had lit for her training and the water simply streamed back into a bucket Yaël had filled, until the two ‘persons’ were completely gone. Using candles and buckets of water made sure that Yaël wasn’t obliged to dehydrate or push herself into a hypothermic attack. But yet, training to push herself as far as she could by making the elements come from her own body, was written on her bucket list too.
She agreed with Charles, she had to keep this to herself. If others would discover she was in possession of it, she could get in big trouble. Well, maybe she was in trouble anyway, maybe this stone worked like some kind of time bomb, ready to explode one day. It kicked in; no, no, she wasn’t ready for this yet. Yaël unwittingly put her hand against her chest as soon as her heart started racing.
“Then why didn’t you questiion it?” Tony asks. He doesn’t have his tablet near. Luckily, since Peter wouldn’t have wanted for him to see what exactly Peter missed during the nights he went on patrol without remembering it.
He picks up the letter and opens it up. He doesn’t care if he’s not supposed to read it. If this is in Steve’s office, it has to be from him, right? Quickly, he starts.
“The tears of our enemy,” Hilde joked dryly while putting another scoop in her mouth.
Then, a bit further on the desk, there’s a picture of a man around Tony’s age, holding a woman in his arms. He looks happy. They both do. Peter figures this must be Dr. Octavius and his wife. He lets out a soft breath, a bit confused as to what they’re doing here exactly.
FRIDAY tells him, apologetic. Peter sighs. So he made the journey for nothing. Ah, well, since there’s nobody here other than the doctors, Peter figures he might as well take another look at how Harry’s doing.
“So… you can control water?” Wade asked. Yaël took a sip from her water but didn’t look up.
Tony stops whatever he’s doing, just staring ahead of him. “Oh, right,” he mutters out. Then, in just a fraction of a second, a loud noise fills the room. It’s hurting Peter’s ears, to a point where he thinks they might even start bleeding. Steve, who had been on the ground now starts covering his own ears while letting out a loud shout. Tony gently hovers towards him and puts some sort of headphone on him.
“You don’t know that,” Vision counters, strangely defensively. “Peter’s not like that, he wouldn’t want any harm done to anybody.”
“Who-ever this
A make-up test is planned for the beginning of next week, which Peter thinks is enough time for it. Ned’s scores weren’t horrible, but they could have been better. That’s weird, too, since Ned is actually a pretty smart guy.
to get it! He draws a spider in the corner of his paper, quickly wondering if he can’t just get into his suit and sneak out of the house. The problem with Steve and Tony knowing that he’s Spider-Man is that, the moment he’s outside, they’ll know.
But by that time, Yaël was pouring down the bottom of the bottle, already searching for the next one. It didn’t feel good though, but that didn’t matter. This was what she deserved, she should be in pain, she should be detestable.
“SPIDER-MAN!” Flash suddenly shouts, sounding just as drunk as everybody else. Peter looks up, seeing everybody look at him. “Do a flip!”
“Nothing important, Elastic Girl,” he says. Reed frowns and gives Tony a glare.
“I’m fine, I can handle myself,” Peter assures her. “Just- hurry!”
A calm mood stays there for the remaining time they spend together. After that, Steve stands up and clears his throat.
“More or less, but I think you actually received its powers.”
Pepper feels sad that none of the Avengers seem to understand Tony as much as she does. When she notices his slight discomfort, she reaches out to take his hand into hers, kissing his knuckles in reassurance. Tony gives her a sad smile. Of course, he’s told her everything about it. Who else would listen to him other than her and Rhodey?
Peter sighs, gets to his locker and takes out his books for the next course. Ned is at home, sick for the day, so Peter’s once again walking alone. His earbuds are already in, and there’s some music playing softly while he wanders through the hallway.
“Ahh,” Tony gets out, turning his head to the side. The sensation is so much. “We can’t make too much noise, Peter-“
, even. It’s only since recently that I’ve figured out there are more people like us around.”
“Jus’ a handful,” Mr. Stark then answers, lowering his head a bit forward until it’s leaning against Steve’s. The Captain breathes out heavily and lets go of Mr. Stark’s face, instead wrapping his arms around him in a strong hug. Then he turns around and looks at Peter.
Steve huffs out a small breath that reveals to Tony he’s smiling. Quickly, Tony turns his head to give Steve a kiss on the cheek.
The heroes around Peter start murmuring about it. Peter hates every second Steve is spending bound like this. He hopes they’ll get him free at the end of tomorrow.
“Korg and Miek, you stay here, you’re in for the next round,” the other added. Without even giving Yaël the chance to protest, one of the two grabbed her arms and tilted her over his shoulder. Yaël grunted and slapped the guard in his face, who simply punched her back in full force. Great, Yaël was going to start this arena fight with an already blooded face.
“Are you alright, kid?” Tony asks. Peter just nods quickly and pushes the envelope back inside.
“I have given you an order, Spider-Man,” Captain America warns him. Peter drops his arms down, giving the two of them a long look before shaking his head.
The kid points to somewhere behind him, where a group of homeless people are standing in line for something. “That girl is here again to hand out soup. It’s welcome, too, because it’s rather cold today.”
shield?”
“No babysitter in the tower?”
And she knows, the Christmas of that same year, as she sees Tony in Steve’s embrace with Peter standing next to them, that she made the right decision.
“Everything went perfectly, Petey,” he says. Then he bumps his hip against Peter’s and pulls up his hand with his watch on it. “Be sure to get changed in time. And you still know what you’re going to say when they ask you to sign?”
Tony turns his head slightly, only barely able to see Steve like this. “
“Thank you, Sharon,” Tony mutters against her shoulder. Then, he pulls back, putting his hand on Peter’s shoulder while using the other one to rub the tears away from his face. “This, uh… this is my son, Peter.”
JARVIS suddenly says. Tony is just ready to listen what he want to tell him when suddenly the doors burst open.
“I don’t-“ she starts, but then she looks into Peter’s eyes, her lips slowly curling upwards. “What a handsome boy, you are.”
Because, to be fair, he has no clue how to even begin on making something that could make him travel through dimensions. How does one go from point A to an alternate point B without getting the help from a certain sorcerer supreme who is in fact an expert on these kind of things.
Tony holds in a sigh while he waits for Peter to emerge from his room. He figures the kid won’t be staying here after that awful fight from yesterday. Sure, they talked a bit after it, but Tony doesn’t think that little conversation changed anything.
“Felicia?” he asks, confused. The girl’s eyes are open wide, a surprised sound coming out of her mouth.
“I just- I need to get going.” Peter points his thumb to somewhere behind his shoulder. Then, he quickly looks down, wondering where he’s standing right now? He doesn’t remember climbing back up to the roof?
It takes a few seconds before Steve realizes what he just said. His hands go up to his mouth, looking like he’s ready to take back the words. Natasha clears her throat again, trying to at least make a
“Quit using her old name, we don’t use names other than Norwegian or Sil ones,” the king grunted. “Now, Aslaug, please do what I called you for.” The blonde woman pulled out a blade, grabbed Raido’s hair and pulled it back. Yaël’s friend grunted as Nilla put her blade against his throat.
Peter hums in understanding, watching the buildings of Asgard bloom up on the screen. It’s not like the golden civilization he’s read all about it – there’s not
Tony returns. Once he’s in the penthouse he steps onto the balcony, letting the suit surround him with just a thought. Tony flies up, all the way to Manhattan, landing in front of the school with ease. He sees a few of the mutant-kids looking at him in wonder. He gives them a smile and a wave.
, Tony thinks to himself. Only, last time, there had been somebody sitting next to him. Right now, he’s all alone in the room. Tony blinks a few times, trying to get used to the darkness and see if there
“Look, this is a circle. Yours looks like a scrambled egg.” Logan pointed at the figure he drew on the chalkboard.
“Is he okay?”
At some point, she thought she could fly. Her body lifted from the ground, feeling like a little feather. Someone whispered to her, but it took her a little time to get what the words sounded like.
just lost my Aunt. The only person that was still alive who used to look after me when no-one else would. The person I introduced Peter to, because I wanted them to bond. And only when he just got her, he lost her again.”
“Welcome to Sakaar!” was the last thing Yaël heard the woman say.
Still no answer.
“Thor’s got his extraterrestrial attack in Greenwich,
“Now, I see that’s a shock to you,” he states. Steve wasn’t surprised or impressed by her powers. He was used to it as she already had a few emotional burst outs around him. Or, like now, the powers sometimes unknowingly crept up, like they were an extra limb or anything, Steve had seen it all.
“Yes, it is,” he answers. Tony makes an impressed face.
But then again, the lack of wanting to call it a ‘relationship’ comes more from Tony rather than Steve.
Besides, if he wants Tony Stark’s DNA-sample, he might as well start looking right here, right?
“It’s not like I’m on the field, anyway…” That was what bothered her the most. She wasn’t even an Avenger, she was nothing but a freaking mosquito who accidentally got stuck in the maze called the accords. “The only reason I wouldn’t sign is because Steve isn’t.” She should chose her words more carefully with topics like these, because immidiatly after she said that, everyone looked at her a bit strangely. Great.
“He’s… eccentric to say the least,” he answers, honestly. No-one can ever really predict what Mr. Stark’s next move is, always surprising everybody. “I mean, when I had my interview for the internship he just told me to fix his gauntlet.”
“When I went in for my scholarship, the guy offered me to run an internship at his company as well, but I just don’t know if I should do it or not.”
“Look at it this way; You love me. I get that. But at the same time, I don’t always
“The Vision? Wha- Tony’s
Pushing himself off the ground, Tony passes Barnes’ by on the ground. He’s unmoving, but one look at him indicates that he’s still conscious. Whatever, Tony doesn’t really care anymore. He reaches to his sides searching for his manual handle to take off the suit. In one swift motion, it opens up, and out of it falls Tony.
The two go their separate ways again after that. And when Peter finds himself blushing every time he sees MJ the next day, nobody needs to know why.
And so they move Peter’s stuff down. Peter sleeps through the whole process, and before Tony leaves he offers his son a kiss on the forehead. He knows he’s safe with Bruce; even if Bruce were to
“Do you want me to come along?” Natasha suggests. Tony sighs but nods, though not moving at all.  He hates this day already, and it’s not even past noon, yet. With dread all over his body, Tony leaves every one of them behind, slowly making his way towards the hallway where he hopes Peter is ready with his bath. Then he shortly turns to Natasha.
When Tony Stark announced to the world that he was in fact Iron Man, it was like the Batman came to life for Peter. Much to his Aunt’s and Uncle’s annoyance, Peter began to adore the man. He never knew what part Tony Stark had meant into Peter’s past, nor did he know his mother used to be friends with him. To him, Tony Stark was just a figure on the TV, a real-life superhero. And so, Peter managed to convince May and Ben to get him the merch, and he managed to get a spot at the Expo (granted, that didn’t turn out well, but it was still amazing for Peter; Being rescued by Iron Man? Hell yeah!).
“What does that even mean?” Yaël cocked her eyebrow “Am I still on earth?”
Steve asks. Rhodey clarifies his exact location, followed by a confirmation that the others will go to him quickly. Before Peter can repeat that, he realizes that by doing so, he would make obvious that Mantis is no longer with him. And, sure, he’s not exactly alone, but Harry’s not into the action. He’s chosen a simple life for a reason, despite being stronger than the average person. Peter doesn’t want to drag him into this.
Peter lowers the cup, eyes widening at the sudden heart-to-heart he’s having with Mr. Stark here. He quickly thinks back of the conversation he overheard between him and Steve, thinking back of how the guy had been going on and on about the medication Mr. Stark supposedly forgot to take.
Pepper snorts, still looking at Tony, seeming pensive. “I’m not surprised,” she says, sounding a bit distance. Then she clears her throat and stands back up – Peter hadn’t realized she’d been sitting on the desk. “Anyway, can you tell Tony I’m not his assistant anymore, and that these people need to stop calling me when they need him?”
“I don’t discuss matters of my patients with others,” she confirms. Good, she might be the kind of Doctor Peter’s always needed; a superhero doctor who will not look up in surprise whenever he arrives with strange wounds. Does she have a practice somewhere in New York maybe?
And Steve keeps running, hating that he’s not there yet, that he can’t comfort Tony like this. He keeps running, refusing to fall behind on Natasha. The palace is getting further and further away. He might feel a little bit guilty towards T’Challa for bailing on him like that.
“That’s very poetic, coming from someone who has brought others into complete and utter danger for a bad cause more than once.” Loki did his typical smirk as an answer once again.
“She got banned,” Brunnhilde explained. “She had fought many wars by Odin’s side, but Odin wanted to settle and Hela wanted to keep on feeding her own greed. And with that, Odin banished her.”
“Where are you going, anyway?” Tony asks Peter after having noticed his bag hanging over his shoulder. Peter feels his cheeks redden, glad that neither Tony nor Steve are looking at him right now.
FRIDAY suddenly says before Tony can respond to Dum-E’s pokes.
This is it! The journey's over, I can't believe it!
With a lot of grunting and cursing, they’re all in the elevator with enough tables and chairs – they hope. They might have raided Bruce’s floor to get to it, but they did what was asked of them. Once the elevator announces their arrival, George quickly comes to their aid to open the door. Sam and Happy help out as well, while the others shift the table further into the room to make place. Pepper and May are busy getting the plates, while Natasha starts searching for more glasses.
So Peter takes a quick shower. Rhodey is probably already picking out some random clothes for him, but Peter figures he’ll get another makeover from Tony’s team. He already hates the idea.
“Mr. Parker! What a coincidence to be seeing you here,” he says. The guard behind him pokes him in the head with his stick and tells him to keep walking. Toomes spits out some blood. It falls right in front of Peter’s feet. Tony, of course, doesn’t like that.
She gives him a wave, and Peter holds up his thumb, then pointing towards his bag to say he’s going to change.
Peter nodded. “Because he’s an alien too, right?” There was instant regret on Peter’s face as soon as he said that. His hand covered his mouth and with big eyes he stared at her. “I suppose so,” she shrugged. This was actually the first time someone randomly confronted her with it and she totally didn’t know how to react to it. Should she be ashamed of it? There had to be another alien somewhere on this planet, right? She couldn’t be the only one. Maybe if she stopped taking her sleeping pills, she’d discover how she ended up on Earth. Or maybe she’d get another attack of the conversion disorder.
“The black goo?” she asks. Peter nods. Then she sighs. “It startled me. I accidentally tipped it over when I bumped into one of your bots. Then it got on me and didn’t come off until I was outside.” Painfully, she tries to shift a bit on the bed.
May shows him a few dance moves. Peter tries not to think back to the last time he danced. Then she drives him to Liz’ house, remembering the address.
“Steve,” Tony starts, voice pained.
It’s safe to say that Peter has never drunk alcohol before. Even later, he wouldn’t really be able to explain what made him drink right now, but as it is, he finishes his glass in one go, immediately going for the next one. It could be the sudden realization that the school year is almost over, or maybe the fact that Flash is actually being kind of non-violent towards him.
“Yeah, sure, Steve,” she threw him her kindest smile and went with her hand through his hair. The guy had such amazing hair. “Just come to talk with me frequently so you don’t burst out against Tony, I don’t want you to fuck this up.”
The Black Cat…?
on us.”
“And you’re an alien,” Peter adds to that, dryly.
Despite the initial surprise at suddenly seeing somebody in front of his door, he doesn’t seem that much surprised that it’s Steve. He nods at him, motioning for him to follow. Steve nods, keeping up his pace.
Eventually, about ten minutes later, Tony emerges from his room as well. He looks the way Peter has always known him; goatee trimmed into perfection, face looking like he’s had every bit of rest in the world he needs. There’s the normal signs of aging on his skin, next to the greying into his hair and goatee. But despite all they’ve done to make him look presentable, Peter can see it in Tony’s eyes. The worry, the sadness, the lack of sleep.
“Eh, no, I make these myself,” she said a bit muffled with her head still in the fridge. Wade cocked his eyebrow.
Yaël put another scoop of pasta in her mouth and said: “No…” Faking her unknowingness while there were strips of spaghetti still hanging out of her mouth. The plastic box next to her on the cabinet with Tony’s name on it didn’t really help her fake-innocence. But she had an excuse: Stark was never in the compound and she had found this box in the freezer. God knows how long it had been in there, it needed to get rescued.
“I WAS ON MY WAY UNTIL
“It’s some sort of time-machine. It’s what Cable used to travel through time to kick my ass,” Wade explains. “I’ll show you how this works but you need to be fast.”
deserve this? He doesn’t know. Things are just too much right now.
“And why exactly am I being shot at?” Peter asks, a little bit annoyed about it. As if his mind isn’t full enough, already.
Obviously it didn’t work that way, as she was constantly stumbling over her own feet. Later, Yaël spluttered the address to a taxi driver. He kept on looking at her through his mirror. Probably because he was afraid she was going to puke in his cab. Or maybe he recognized her, maybe she set his house on fire during that attack. Maybe she killed his daughter. What would his daughter have been like? Yaël imagined the cab driver pushing a little girl on a swing.
“Cute little thing,” Tony points out. “Always knew you were one to adopt a dog rather than have any children.”
“I can imagine something,” he says. Then he pulls away slightly and lowers his face until he’s close to Tony’s chest. With gentle touches he slowly kisses over Tony’s scars. A loud sigh escapes Tony’s mouth, not used to having anybody treat his scars with this much respect.
The Cat frowns, crossing her eyes. “Seriously?
“And you’re an alien,” Peter was playing with fire, encouraging her to talk about the most irritating subject of her life at the moment. So Yaël tried to answer calmly, the boy had nothing to do with the matter, so she shouldn’t start rambling about it.
“If that goddamn suit is going to be the reason I’m not getting laid tonight, I’m going to be extremely pissed,” Tony grunts out, only barely avoiding Peter jumping back on him. Tony rolls forward on the ground, jumping into the air and hovering for a bit while he takes in the room.
“If you don’t sign, you retire,” Ross returns. Johnny laughs bitterly at that. The room starts to heat up a bit, meaning that he’s angry.
“Dear, you have a masters in
Okay, I've been feeling like crap for the past two weeks, but it's starting to get better now! Hurray!
guy.”
“I am happy to hear that,” he says. Despite his strong accent, his English is flawless. “So you have brought the copy with you?”
He finds it a bit of a shame, the way the guards treat some of them. After all, they’re all still human beings.
Seriously, this is not the time for this!
“Ah well, X and Fury told me not to watch the news,” mostly Fury, “fearing it might trouble my mind, or whatever their crappy excuse was to keep me out of the world…”
They stay in silence for the next twenty minutes. After that, Peter gets ready to head back home. He sits up, walks to the side to put on his coat, and puts his stuff back into his bag. Steve doesn’t move at all. His hand is no longer holding Tony’s since he’s been on the tablet ever since. When Tony has asked to see Steve’s scar from the surgery, all he’s finding is a dark pink red line. Something that looks like a week-old suture. Not something that happened the day before.
