John thrust hard and then stopped. He sat, fully seated in Sherlock’s arse, and held Sherlock’s hips to keep him still. “Come on now, put that brilliant brain to use.” He ground his hips forward and Sherlock moaned. “Beg me better.”
“Only minor drug offenders land themselves in hospital. The rest stay out there and keep offending.” The detective’s not mad, not exactly. He’s frustrated and his cheeks turn just a little bit more pink, and Sherlock is so very glad to be able to finally see that.
The rapid pant of John’s breath on his neck and the shaking in John’s arms as they lock around him seem to throw that conclusion in doubt.
Come morning, John is already up with Rosie and the flat looks that much cleaner, that much brighter.
John peppers kisses over his lips, his cheek, his jaw, and all the way down to the point of his chin. It’s an affectionate apology and it makes Sherlock’s impatience bubble over. He nudges John with his chin until he can fight his way back to his lips. This kiss is less chaste, with slick and hot tongues sliding against each other. Sherlock moans, a bolt of lust striking him all the way to his toes when John nips at his bottom lip. He ends up with both hands on John’s shoulders pulling him as close as he can. Sherlock wants to feel him, all of him. It’s a hunger that has been tempered inside him for too long and now it threatens to break free.
It happens slowly. So slowly that Sherlock has enough time to record everything so he can replay every millisecond of it exactly in his mind palace forever. He knows the exact moment when John’s eyes slip shut. He can savor the sight of the slow drag of John’s tongue across his own lips before their mouths come together. He can feel the miniscule increases in pressure as John’s fingers squeeze his thigh.
Sherlock’s gut twists. That was an old legend. There was no scientific proof, surely? Even partial colour blindness was a medical condition and had nothing to do with one’s soulmate. That would be the worst. To be saddled with the person meant for you and not even receive the benefit of full colour vision. Horrid.
There’s only silence from Lestrade, but he’s not leaving. Sherlock gathers his most convincing arguments, how the cut of Lestrade’s suit coat tells him he met his soulmate young. That it’s a woman. How Sherlock could tell that he was in the field investigating a case on the south bank this morning even though he was told to stay away just from the mud on his shoes. That he has no children and is conflicted about that. But Lestrade speaks before Sherlock has the opportunity to really dazzle him.
Stamford’s round face is grinning at him like a lunatic. Maybe John’s just forgotten how normal people express happiness.
Before John has released the last note, Sherlock is up, climbing over the seats to get to the stage. Lestrade grabs his ankle to tug him back.
Mycroft lets Sherlock’s shout sit between them in the car for several long minutes before approaching from a different tactical vantage point.
John’s tongue darts out, slides back and forth across his bottom lip to buy him some time before he responds. “I know. I deserve that. It’s just… I wasn’t ready before.”
Mycroft pauses. It’s such a subtle pause that anyone except Sherlock would have missed it. “I didn’t know. I suspected.”
He pulls on his smoothest, silkiest dressing gown before padding out to the sitting room on bare feet.
Certainty doesn’t do anything to relieve fear though. Sherlock can only manage a silent head nod and licking his dry lips.
Sherlock can only see frosty blues and greens that blend with the sea. Those have been his colours for as long as he can remember, since he was a baby. He is incredibly intelligent, obviously, but that has nothing to do with the old wives' tales parents tell their children about which colours they can see. Sherlock plans to do a scientific study on it, to measure his classmates’ observable personality characteristics against which colours are most visible to them before puberty in an attempt to disprove those legends. But then his parents give him an electron microscope for his eleventh birthday and biology and chemistry take hold of his mind instead of psychology and chromatics.
And there’s not another choice. Even if John’s old room hadn’t already been cleared of the meager furniture Sherlock stored there, the stairs are questionable. Best not to take Rosie up them.
He never gives her an answer. In part because he doesn't know. He never took Mycroft up on his offer to track the man down. And in part because he doesn't care. Doesn’t care where his mysterious soulmate has gone and doesn’t care to respond to Sally at all.
John rolled his eyes. Of course a beautiful genius would be arrogant as hell. All the more satisfying to have him begging for John’s cock then.
But today Lestrade had called Sherlock out on a manhunt. They needed him to predict where a murderer would run with the police hot on his trail.
Sherlock holds that card between his fingers as if it were gold, immediately committing the number to memory, long after Lestrade leaves. Meaning comes from purpose, not from other people. He will not be lonely, he will not live a life unfulfilled just because the person who was supposed to stay with him - was supposed to love him - ran away.
The idea of Sherlock striding out that door causes a kick of panic in John’s chest. The idea of meeting him again, of seeing him later, is too tenuous a connection to make John feel safe. He needs Sherlock to stay.
The man turned and John was finally able to see his eyes. They were as grey and clouded as the January sky. His lips were pale, rose pink, and John licked his own lips when he imagined how they must taste.
“Sherlock, I think… well, I think maybe we could-” Victor stops, turns off the water and turns to face a terrified Sherlock still sitting at the kitchen table. “Can I touch you?”
John pulls back, but just his enough to free his mouth from Sherlock’s. “We should probably take this slow.”
So he takes night patrols, and he dreams of things he cannot have and things he was too afraid to reach for.
) bending over the lap of an older, but still fit, man on the bench beside him. Both had let their towels drop to the floor and the older man has a hand wrapped around the back of the younger one’s head, urging him down even farther.
“I haven’t seen you here before.” A smooth, soft hand expertly caught John’s in the darkness. “Come.”
“Or a dangerous job? Nurses have a shockingly high on-the-job injury rate but very rarely is it fatal.”
It felt better than good. Perhaps bordering on miraculous.. Amazing enough that he wasn’t even embarrassed about the little moans and whimpers he was making into John’s mouth as they kissed, enjoying the warmth and friction, John’s cock heavy and hard against him. If it was this good still fully clothed he could hardly wait to feel John skin to skin.
“Do you want to try the lab at Bart’s instead? Molly said you could use that new microscope. Top of the line. Would it help?”
John drew Sherlock to his feet, turning him in his arms. He smiled gently. “I love what we do, I love everything about us. But I can’t stop thinking of the way you still completely beneath me when I first enter you. Like I’ve stopped the whole world. The way you feel around me, the hot, pulsing tightness when I make you shudder and shiver with pleasure. I want you to feel that and I want to know what it feels like to open for you. I want it all.”
Slowly, John pulled back and met Sherlock’s heated gaze. “Care to move this to somewhere more comfortable?”
Inch by inch, the well-used lad was filled again. Enter and retreat, enter and retreat; building up, until the new toy was finally fully seated. The crewman’s hands slipped lower, possessively, fondled his bollocks, then gave his neglected cock a tug.
John dropped the flogger. “Oh, I think we’re going to have fun with this one. Smith, let the poor boy rest a moment, but do not untie him. Prepare him for my use and bring him to my quarters. No sampling the wares, mind! You’ll get a turn later,” then added, in a slightly different voice, “Aye, aye Captain Watson, sir.”
John freed himself from his trousers and pants, his thick alpha cock jutting out. Sherlock’s jaw actually dropped open slightly at the sight, with an involuntary groan.
Sherlock was unceremoniously hoisted over a shoulder and a few moments later dropped onto his back across a soft bed, sideways, so his legs dangled. Sherlock grunted, eyes squeezed shut. He trembled slightly.
Sherlock’s whole body quivered and he sobbed as he spilled his come onto his stomach and chest, his arse pulsing around John’s cock. Wave after wave of pleasure crashed over him, until at last, he was boneless and pliant as John followed him over.
John paused beside Sherlock, nervously traced circles in the tabletop. “I wondered if you’d like to come back to bed.
just take  Sherlock to bed, it didn’t work like that. He wouldn’t lose the best friend he’d ever had for one pheromone-addled tumble and that was that. It was settled. John was resolved. Strong. He could do this.
Though never one to doubt what my senses and intellect together could detect, it was too much to be believed. In all our time together I never would have suspected such a predilection. I’m sure the shock of it showed on my face. “You’re suggesting…”
Sherlock continued to beg. Really beg. There honestly was no other word for the continued litany of wheedling, “Why won’t you help me!” and “‘You have what I need, John” all said with the air of a child being denied a sweet. At last, his voice dropped to a soft whisper. “Please, take me. You’ve never denied me anything I needed. Not when it really mattered. Please, John. ”
John’s resistance crumbled. In the back of his mind he still worried he’d regret this, but maybe, just maybe Sherlock really meant this. His arms twined around Sherlock and he kissed him deeply, then lifted him in a fireman carry all the way into Sherlock’s room. He kissed him once more and tossed him down onto the bed.
John gave him a look that was hard to parse. Perplexed, startled, and- was that a flash of hurt? After a moment he smiled and shook his head. For his part, their suspect raised a brow and chuckled, as John added, “I’m his partner,” then obviously realising how that sounded, he clumsily tacked on, “in his work with NSY and private clients.”
“I’ve… well, yeah. I suppose I have,” John sighed,  “but that doesn’t mean I’m dating you, you berk. I’m not actually-”
The Captain returned. John’s own voice steeped with command was unmistakable. “Not quite yet. I want another go.”
John pulled a bottle of slick from the bedside table and let his towel drop to the floor. He coated his fingers and lay back on the bed.
“Like that idea?” John chuckled darkly. “So do I,” he murmured, taking the plug and sliding it in place.
John grunted as he adjusted to the new stretch, then shifted, rocking his hips. Sherlock crooked his finger just slightly and John shuddered, groaning out, “Yes! There, there, there.”
John grabbed one of his ties out of the wardrobe and bound Sherlock’s eyes with it. “Hands and knees now, and be quick about it.”  Technically forearms and knees, but if his captive dared to point it out, John would delight in flogging him again while using his arse.
“Still better than what you deserve, my boy.” He gave three quick flicks to each cheek of his captive’s arse, then added, “And I think the rest should not be below deck, either. The crew needs to see what happens to stowaways on my ship.” He tucked the flogger away and bent to pick up the discarded sash as the stowaway sniffed back tears and moaned mournfully at the prospect of being so publicly exposed.
“No, no, sir, please. I will pay you back for what I’ve taken somehow. I can cook or help swab the decks. I’ll scrub barnacles from the rowboats. My hands are deft from working my father’s fishing boats. I can mend the netting or…” Sherlock’s lower lip trembled and, goddamn it, his eyes were actually sparkling with tears as he pulled the sash on his dressing gown, letting it fall open. He closed his eyes, as if in shame, and the tears spilled down his cheeks. “Whatever you wish, sir.”
Sherlock groaned softly, dismayed to be empty again. He dropped his hips, seeking friction against the sheets and his hole pulsed, as if his arse itself could beg to be filled.
John shoved the toy in hard and deep, in a series of shorter thrusts, then stilled for a moment as if the crewman was coming. As he withdrew, he drizzled a little of the warm lube, so it felt like come, dribbling out of Sherlock’s hole.
He tried the door then and found it unlocked as I had left it. He hurried to my bedside and put his hand to my forehead. I trembled at his touch and closed my eyes tight against the storm that threatened there, my eyes stinging. He had been alone and following the impulses of his healthy body, no doubt thinking of something acceptable. I had intruded upon that and look where it had gotten me.
This time, it was Sherlock who could admire the view. Though John at times bemoaned that he wasn’t as fit as his rugby days or in the army, in Sherlock’s estimation he was absolutely perfect.
Some days he couldn’t believe he’d stayed at Baker Street, but he needed familiarity, even if it would never quite felt like home again. He took off his shoes and hung his jacket, shivering slightly. It had generally been a mild winter, but he should light a fire in a bit. Even that little effort sounded exhausting. Tea first.
“Greedy, aren’t you? For this,” John said, picking up his pace and fucking into him with hard fast strokes. He gripped Sherlock’s hips as he took him completely. “Positively dripping for me, aren’t you, love?”
Sherlock wriggled against him, “So full, John,” he moaned, stroking a hand over his slightly distended belly.
John thought, but merely said, “I’m here, Sherlock. I’ve got you.” He wrapped his arms around Sherlock, wishing it could be forever.
Sherlock pondered the evidence. John had tried to stop this, but that was just his sense of rightness, of consent. Sherlock had gone out of his way to make it clear that this was no ridiculous, heat-driven frenzy. Surely John understood.
John sighed. “But mostly it just made it seem like they weren’t around long enough for you to learn their names. Besides, they generally told me I should just bond with you and stop teasing anyone else, since I clearly existed as your partner over anyone else’s, no matter what I said about it” John looked up, right into Sherlock’s eyes and wouldn’t let himself look away. Some things were hard to say because they were worth saying, worth the risk. “They were right, you know. I
Captain Watson growled, “I should let them all have their way with you. All the way down to the lowest swabbie who wants a go.”
The Captain smiled wickedly. “I think I will, but I claim the right of rank and I’ll have you first.” He picked up the dagger again, and held it to the stowaway’s throat. “You heard me. Wasn’t a request, laddie. I’ll not be asking you again.”
Sherlock laid down on the bed while John rummaged in his bedside table then set out condoms and lube. “No pressure. I just want to have supplies accessible if we want them later.”
, John thought. After a few minutes, he added, “You loved it, did you? At the mercy of a whole crew. Positively filthy,” John said fondly, somehow elevating that word to a kind of blessing.
Sherlock cried out, more theatrically than necessary, since John knew what he could take and this was barely a warm-up.
Sherlock had taken off his coat and draped it over his arm, despite the autumn chill, before they even got in the cab. As soon as they were seated and headed back towards Baker Street, he’d begun loosening his collar further than usual and unbuttoning his cuffs.
He laved John’s balls, sucking them each gently into his mouth before licking up his shaft and tonguing at the slit. John groaned as Sherlock finally took him into his mouth, working his body back and forth between impaling his throat with John’s cock and his arse with the crewman behind.
When the swollen knot finally receded enough to allow them to separate, John watched in rapt fascination as Sherlock’s gaping hole fluttered closed, an obscene trickle of white running out onto the sheets. He reached out, instinct guiding him to push as much as possible back into his omega’s arse.
he thought. “You might not be entirely useless,” he sneered, “but first I need you to make up for your deceit.” He pulled the flogger from his belt.
“Go away,” I shouted. He was no stranger to my moods and surely he had learned when to leave me to my own devices. Alas, he did not give up so easily today.
Sherlock lay on his side and, now that his mouth was free, was begging, nearly incoherent with need.
I will admit I was startled by the speed and grace with which he moved to the door, slipping the bolt in place and returning to my bedside.
Their last time, Sherlock had been on his hands and knees, arse high, whispering “fuck me” over and over into the pillows, a mantra, a prayer a plea. John wouldn’t deny him. As he took him hard and fast, Sherlock cried out with pleasure, moving back against him to meet every thrust. Sherlock milked his cock, as though trying to wring every last drop of come from him and John did come, growling out his climax through clenched teeth to stave off biting, every instinct telling him to breed and bond his omega. His... even though Sherlock isn’t, he couldn’t be...
Sherlock looked rather sheepish for a moment. Drawing his dressing gown tighter around himself as though the thin fabric could somehow shield him from embarrassment, couldn’t meet John’s eyes as he admitted,. “If you hadn’t been amenable that would have been that, but you were. And now...”
John kissed his lips, his chest, his throat, breathing in the heady scent of him as Sherlock rose and fell, enveloping him completely. “Christ, Sherlock,” he breathed. He grasped Sherlock’s hips, encouraging him
“Can you hold it?” he asked, tip of his cock still touching Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock looked confused for a moment, then as understanding flooded in he nodded eagerly and opened his mouth wide. John pushed back in, but this time instead of moving, he simply held himself as far in as Sherlock would allow then, with a vice like grip, held Sherlock still.
John nodded and looked around the flat once more, taking in everything from the messy stack of newspapers in the corner to one of his books that sat beside his chair. He briefly wondered if it would still be there the next time he was back and if it would be covered in dust, but he was pulled back to reality when Sherlock handed him his coat. John cleared his throat and put it on. He’d have to take it off before he got out of the car, but for now, it allowed him to hold on to one last piece of domestic life.
John stripped down to just his pants and crawled into bed, positioned himself directly in the middle of the king sized mattress. There was still plenty of room for Sherlock on his side of the bed, but John knew that his position would wordlessly alert Sherlock to his intentions. Sure enough, when Sherlock returned from the bathroom, stark naked and smelling of toothpaste, his eyes lit up as he took in the sight.
This is my first "Sherlock" chapter without Blood writing for Sherlock, so please forgive us if the feel of his e-mail is different :( I did the best I could
“Fuck up and use again, Sherlock, and I will not be pleased.” His voice was just above a whisper, but in the empty building it echoed slightly adding to the threat. “If I find out you used I'll fly home myself and detox you. Which will get Mycroft involved, because I'll need someone with higher powers to get me home.” John lowered his voice by a whole octave and turned to look at Sherlock, “if I find out you've as much as smoked a cigarette, it'll be hell to pay. Nod if you understand me.”
John took a moment, much to Sherlock's chagrin, to press a few slippery fingers inside his husband. When Sherlock attempted to tell John off, the Captain simply gave Sherlock's arse another hard slap and hushed him. When three fingers slipped in easily enough, John abandoned his gentle, if one could call the rapidly reddening hard prints on Sherlock's pale skin gentle, care and wiped his hand on his pants.
Also this was supposed to be a surprise Tuesday chapter, but I'm going to be away from my PC all day. Work then got invited to a wedding sort of last minute. Sooooo have it nearly an hour early lol
“Mmm 50. That will do nicely. Ready?” John gently ran the soft leather tip of the crop over Sherlock’s pale arse and waited for permission to begin.
“What, this old thing?” John grinned, touching his injury and trapping Sherlock's finger against his face with his hand. “This was nothing,” when Sherlock didn't smile, but raised his eyebrows to indicate how
She reached into the bag and pulled out a bright red jumper decorated with a hideously huge candy cane and the words “I’m not short I’m just a tall elf.” and handed it to John. She handed Sherlock a equally hideous jumper, his was all green and decorated with embroidered holly and bows. John arched his eyebrows and looked from his husband to the rest of the family as the remainder of the jumpers were divvied out.
I would like to note here that I know NOTHING of the Hindu and Islam religions. I merely googled elephants and their symbolism. Apologies to any followers if I got anything incorrect.
“If nothing is delayed, yeah.” John stood and rinsed out his mug, leaving it next to the sink to be dealt with later.
Speaking of home. I miss good food. I miss beans for breakfast, and sausages. I miss nice thick slices of toast. I miss lazy cups of tea, while reading a crap story in the newspaper. I miss slippers, and dressing gowns, sitting in a sunlit chair while the world wakes up around me. Most of all, I miss sweets. The “cakes” they have here, are… well atrocious. And that’s putting it lightly.
I’m rambling, love… I’m sorry, I do that when I’m nervous. You’re in the air right now, flying home, and for some reason knowing you haven’t safely landed yet is nerve wracking. It’s only been five hours yet I keep checking my phone waiting to hear from you. I have rounds I should be making, patients I should be checking on, yet I’m sitting at my desk writing to you. Every time I close my eyes I see you, bent over my desk spreading your cheeks wide for me. The floor in here is all scratched up from the desk sliding halfway across the room. That should be fun to explain to whoever takes over for me when I leave. On second thought I might let you do the explaining.
“John! What the hell are you doing?” Sherlock hissed and was out of bed in an instant, scooping up the splints and all but trying to force them back on John’s fingers.
“One would think that one’s husband would be more than thrilled that he is still alive, thus being grateful for the opportunity to help him out of his shoes.”
"Do you have to do that?" John opened one eye and was greeted with a face full of curls and creamy skin. Sherlock was apparently on all fours above John rutting against him, completely shameless when it came to his newly discovered sexual needs. "I was trying to have a lay in."
a letter?” John tore open the unsealed envelope and pulled out the letter he had written for Sherlock, but had been unable to mail, and began reading aloud, oblivious to the fact that the rest of the family was now listening in with keen ears.
You’re home, back with your parents, and I can once again think straight. I was going to scrap this letter, can probably tell by the state of the paper that I balled it up and had even tossed it in the trash. However, I realized something. By doing that, throwing this out, I was keeping a part of myself from you. I’m a man, and a British one at that, I don’t do “Feelings”. I’m not good at it, any of it. So letting you see my raw rambling self is not easy, but something I am happy to do for you. It is so much easier to do over paper, than in person, Darling when we’re finally living together, if I ever stop calling you sweetheart or anything of the sort. Tell me. Do not hold back. I swear to god I’ll want to know.
Posting from my phone again so format will be weird. Sorry I’ve been working so much I haven’t even had time to really sleep.
“God, I'm stuffed.” John groaned as he leaned back in his chair and tossed his napkin down on his empty plate. “Hmmm how ‘bout a walk? Might feel nice to get a bit of England in my lungs again.”
“Won't be much of a show, luv.” he winked as he let the stiff jacket fall to the floor. He felt a little guilty for not taking better care of his uniform, but right now, with Sherlock’s eyes on him like
I'm sorry (I'm really not.) to inform you that you are wrong on all three guesses. What is with the rather feminine guesses? Holly? Are you serious? Though I find myself enjoying Higgins much more than my actual middle name. John Higgins Watson. Sounds, royal, like I deserve a knighthood. Perhaps I do, for putting up with your brother. I think I'll write to the Queen once I've finished this letter.
“You really should be nice to him you know. After all, he was the one who brought John here.” His father’s voice was soft, but for all Sherlock knew he could have been yelling. The words felt like a blow to the chest as he pulled the pillow off of his face and huffed out a breath.
“That was rather the point, I was going to pinch your bum. But instead you decided to all but grind yourself over my cock…” John rolled his eyes and pulled his jumper down over the prominent bulge.
"No, husband," Sherlock purred as he let his teeth scrape over the shell of John's ear, "you still need to fuck me." Sherlock watched as John shuddered at his words while his cock twitched back into life beneath his fingers.
I have most of the nexts "two days" hand written on a notepad... I just have to somehow get it typed up then I can post it.
“It's… there…” he motioned to his head with a frustrated sigh, “but… muddy, foggy… like I'm in a dimly lit library and can't see the pages of the book I'm reading.”
Despite the fact that most of the base did not get to see you, you are the topic of the hour. It seems everyone wanted to get a glimpse of you, and those who didn’t can’t stop asking questions. Judging by the type of questions being asked, I’m not sure I should allow you back on base, what with the distractions you seem to have caused. That could very well be my excuse for wanting to keep you all to myself however.
“There you go, mentioning your brother again…” John smiled softly as he placed the envelope, unopened on his lap. “I don't need his help, bringing me to my
"I thought we were going to shag?" Sherlock blinked, confusion written over his sharp features, as John loomed over him pressing tender kisses to Sherlock's neck.
“You’d better, live, Watson-Holmes,” Sherlock muttered and kissed John’s temple. “Mmm, you might need a pirate name, John. This will be visible for quite some time.”
John continued to rut and continued to move his fingers inside Sherlock, but he took pity on his husband. (If only because he only had so many chances to watch his husband come in person for an unknown amount of time.) He removed his hand from Sherlock’s throat and took a firm, if not strong, grip around the base of Sherlock’s cock.
They were nudged awake thirty minutes later by Sherlock's Father. Once they'd both sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes Mr. Holmes handed them each of eggnog with a wink.
Green carnation = In 19th-century England, green indicated homosexual affiliations. Victorian men would often pin a green carnation on their lapel as popularized by author Oscar Wilde, who often wore one on his lapel. According to some interpretations, American poet Walt Whitman used the calamus plant to represent homoerotic love.
I was tired when I wrote this, so blame John's rambling on me. Sorry if it isn't the best letter I've ever written.
“You are…” John growled and crept into Sherlock’s personal space from behind, rubbing his cock over Sherlock’s wet arse. “a special kind of bastard. And I do think that it’s about time someone does something about it.”
With fingers that didn’t seem to want to work, Sherlock opened the envelope. It seem to take minutes, hours, days for the seal to break. His heart stopped and he unknowingly held his breath as he poured the contents of the envelope out on the table. A metallic jingle filled his ears and his eyes locked on John’s dog tags. With a trembling hand he gingerly picked them off the table and let out a sob when, between the two tags, he saw John’s wedding band.
I lost my cool there and then. (One thing you should know about me. I’m well liked here on base. Not in a sexual or perverse way, but generally well liked. Had I wanted too, at this point in our conversation, I could have called any of my fellows and your brother would not have known which way was up for very long time. He would have been smelling the colour nine for a least a week.) I stood up, nearly knocking my chair backwards, and leaned forward over my desk until my nose was nearly touching his long crooked proboscis, and I
Taking a large gulp of his now lukewarm tea, almost as if he was consuming liquid courage, before depositing his mug back onto the table with much more force than was originally intended and practically threw himself into John’s personal space.
This will be the last chapter I (Tindo) will post. I had the privilege of posting the first chapter, so it’s obly fitting that Blood be allowed to post the last.
“See you around nine then? Dress here, so you don’t have to worry about wrinkling your suits during the drive. We’ll have everything ready. So you two just worry about getting here in one piece, preferably without any more of these….” Mr. Holmes lightly touched a love bite on Sherlock’s neck and clicked her tongue. Sherlock just smirked and glanced over at his husband and rolled his eyes for a second time.
“No!” John exclaimed loudly and winched slightly at his own volume in the small hospital room (luckily Mycroft had secured a private room, the other Holmes brother was quite handy to know from time to time). “No.” John repeated softer this time and squeezed Sherlock’s hand between his own two, letting his thumbs rub across the back of it soothingly.
“Sorry miss, I finished writing it up as fast as I could.” She excused softly, daring to lift her gaze to meet Sally’s and handed the document over.
But the boy shook off the comment quickly. “I know Mr. Holmes, but that’s not important right now. It’s Charlie.”
The boy whipped around, caught by surprise. His look was almost feral, but Sherlock could easily detect the deep anguish and hurt underneath the surface.
Even in his current state John somehow sill succeeded in sending his lover a soft smile. “It’s okay really Sherlock. Please, a few moments alone? I need to try and reset my focus away from the pain, but I can’t if you stay.” John said almost apologetically.
“John, are you alright? How long have you been standing there?” Sherlock exclaimed and quickly made his way to his side.
Sherlock was wearing glasses. The frame was a slick classic design. Simple, tasteful and colored black which only resulted in pulling out the incredibly blue-green eyes that John loved so dearly. Furthermore, the frame complimented and enhanced the already sharp cheekbones and stunningly facial structure Sherlock already possessed.
Sally turned her head and wrapped her own arms protectively around herself. “It doesn’t matter.. I should get back to work.” She tried to brush off. But Sherlock couldn’t help but notice how she tensed up when referring to return upstairs to work.
Just then John entered the room from behind the doorframe looking slightly better, but still clutching his left shoulder tightly. His face, although pained, was filled with gratitude and a hint of disbelief of what had just taken place. “Thank you everyone.. Really I.. Don’t even know what to say.” The doctor said and huffed out a smile, shaking his head slightly.
“You dry off, and meet me in the bedroom. I’m going to go get our purchases, I think they’re in my coat.” John kissed Sherlock’s nose before stepping out of the shower. He rubbed himself down with a towel, then remembering the cameras, wrapped it around his waist before leaving the sanctuary of the bathroom. Before he could leave however, John felt Sherlock's hands grasp his hips tight enough to halt his movements. John then felt Sherlock's fingers start trailing themselves up and down his ribs and almost everywhere else his hands could reach. He let Sherlock explore for a few breaths, honestly that was the only word he could come up for his sudden behavior, before inquiring just exactly what Sherlock was doing.
Sherlock was in the kitchen making breakfast, toast, and tea, nothing fancy but enough that John wouldn’t be starving by the time he touched down when John’s now much heavier footsteps (thanks to his combat boots) came down the hall.  A slight dragging noise was enough to tell Sherlock that he was rolling his case behind him. He set it by the door and for once Sherlock was not turned on by the sight of his husband in full uniform.
person you gravitate towards. That one person you want to be without of everyone else? That one person who makes being there worthwhile?”
“No, it isn’t fine. But it’s my job.” John replied sadly, lowering his legs and running a hand through Sherlock’s hair. “It isn’t like I want to be here…”
“Thank you…” Sherlock ran his fingers over the laptop, marveling at the pristine surface that he couldn’t wait to mark up with the wear that came with extended use. His focus then switched to the mobile. He eyed the gift with an almost mistrustful eye before picking it up.
Sherlock nodded against the back of John’s neck and slowly pulled himself out, relishing the way John’s body tightened around him, as if John hated the very idea of separating. When he’d nearly pulled himself out he paused, buried his nose in the sandy blond hair at the nape of John’s neck. Whispering, “I love you, John,” as he pushed slowly back inside.
“You? cook?” Sherlock asked with an amused tone as he pulled pulled on a hoodie and began frowning at a pair of clean pants.
“We’re not going to talk about this then?” Sherlock asked, using an index finger to circle around his mouth while staring at John’s facial hair. “I get a stubble burn every time you kiss me!”
“Jesus, that was… perfect. Everything was delicious.” John stuck his feet out in front of himself, placed one arm behind him for balance and patted his overly stuffed stomach.
“Yes, heaven knows you’ll need your energy if you plan on continuing to shag my brother…” Mycroft sneered as he began stacking pancakes on his plate. “Did he tell you how he lost his virginity? Wonder if he even remembers.”
“Jesus… that feels…. Mmm God…” John murmured against his forearm, unashamed to realize he was drooling.
Mummy’s words surprised Sherlock. He turned his head slightly to catch his mother, watery eyes beside the point, staring sternly at him.
“Oh, Mycroft.” Sherlock sighed, swinging his legs up onto the sofa and stretching out, “you poor man, don’t even know what a kiss is. Maybe if I have John ask Mummy, she’ll give you a little kiss on the forehead.” With that he pulled a pillow over his head and smirked as he heard his father chuckle. It occurred to him then, what a wise man his father was. He was the “normal” one of the family, the one with an average IQ, but he was the glue, keeping his family together. He put up with their little tiffs, knowing that neither party meant them to be hurtful, and would only intervene when things got out of hand. He felt a hand on his ankle, and without needing to look he knew it was his father. He let him sit, then wiggled his toes underneath Mr. Holmes’ thigh.
Sherlock would've continued his journey into the kitchen, to make a show of looking for said biscuits, if it wasn’t for the breathy gasp that pierced through the silence. Immediately, Sherlock knew that whoever was standing in the room with him was most certainly not his brother. Slowly removing the towel covering his vision, Sherlock was granted the unexpected presence of the one person he was both excited and dreading to see.
"I love that noise, but I love being able to feel it more." John breathed and began peppering Sherlock's head with kisses.
“Grab a pillow.” John chuckled and nodded towards a pillow which Sherlock took up and stuffed it over his face.
There are five pages in all, and each page contains TWO screenshots. So read from left to right, then scroll down : )
“Walking after eating, even if it's only for fifteen minutes, aids in digestion as well as improving one's blood sugar. However, I am assuming you mean to stay out longer.”
Just a little heads up. E-mail notifications seem to be broken again, especially when blood posts a chapter. So here is what our new schedule will be.
“You don't have to go back…if you don't want.” John said softly, his voice low and warm the tone wrapping around Sherlock like a warm blanket.
“Oi!” John grabbed Sherlock’s chin and forced the kneeling man to look at him. “Careful! I don’t want you hurting yourself in your carelessness!” Sherlock tried nodding through John’s hold, but stilled when John let go, satisfied that Sherlock would be more careful in the future.
“That was… god… the best… Jesus… Sherlock, I…” his next words slipped out of his mouth before he had time to think, with his lips pressed to the side of Sherlock's neck he whispered, “I love you.”
Breach of Privacy, eh? I don’t care about that, John. If I did you’d have every right to laugh in my face the next time I “come across” some private information of yours. I am healing nicely. I’ve actually just gotten back from a trip to London. I went to look at Universities, found a few that have a wide array of courses that could possibly keep me entertained for at least half a year. I also met a rather funny police officer. I had borrowed (though he’ll say I stole) Mycroft’s car for the day, and I parked illegally at one of the campuses. (I didn't know it was a staff only spot.) This man, Grayson, or was it Gilbert, was about to give me a ticket when I told him that his Fiance was cheating on him with her teacher. He was so flustered he took off running and forgot to ticket me.
One more Chapter (Monday) of them together then letters. I wanted to do Saturday and Sunday as one chapter, but they wouldn't let me!
"Hmm?" John's eyebrows shot up in polite, if not forced, interest, but he couldn't help shake the feeling that he was about to sign on the dotted line, handing his fate over to his Mother-in-law.
“Hard and fast?” Sherlock nodded and John responded by lifting Sherlock’s legs up over his shoulders, holding Sherlock’s thighs tight against his chest. “Sure you can stay quite?”
Honeycutt! Damn! You've guessed it! John Honeycutt Watson. Actually. No. guess again. This time think of something found outside of a M.A.S.H. episode.
For reasons we will leave unspoken, Blood is having a REALLY hard time right now and is kind of sort of partially (really precise here, Tindo, good job) unable to write out these long chapters. So it is mostly ME writing, with her giving me direction a bit here and there.
“Hey…” John tenderly reached up and cupped Sherlock’s face with his good hand, “come here.” John slid his hand to the back of Sherlock's neck and pulled him down until their lips met again. They were both only in their pants, and John took this new freedom to run his hands over Sherlock’s back, trailing his fingers lightly over the bit of skin just above the elastic waistband of Sherlock’s pants. The motion made Sherlock gasp and John swallowed it up hungrily.
My good sir, you mentioned a wager? What exactly did you have in mind? Here, when we bet or gamble, we wager chores and jobs. I don't envision you wanting to wager laundry duty for the next two weeks. No, a wager between us should be something interesting. Something like… if I win, you're not allowed to be mean to your nurses for one whole week. And if you win, I have to wear my red pants… and send you a picture. Or something along those lines. Think on it, let me know what you'd like.
Just... uh... don't kill me, yeah? Hopefully the next chapter will be out soon. My work week is light this week, and my man is working a lot, so I've got some free time
. But this, John, this is proof. I wonder if it,” Sherlock, without caring that anyone could walk in on them at any moment, stroked a long finger over the outline of John’s cock, “would change with different types of cloth.”
“Mmm, I thought so.” John took the splints from Sherlock’s hands and tossed them down on the bed. “But look, I can also do this,” he took Sherlock’s head in both his hands, letting his fingers slide through the thick mass of curls, tangling themselves there as he stood on tiptoes and gave Sherlock a small kiss.
Sherlock mentally chided himself for forgetting such a simple detail. He concluded that his hard drive had been fractured, if only temporary, by the panic that had infested his mind. He swore to never have that happen again, especially if it involved John in any way. He didn’t
“Oh, what a shame…” Mummy sniffled, grabbing onto John’s arm, mindful of the cup of tea he had balanced on his knee.
“Mmmm..” Sherlock bent over the table, arse sticking out in the air, seemingly unaware at the affect this position had on John.
“They tell you?” John shook his head and shrugged. “Beats me. Your sons are stubborn, but perhaps they really did think they were not hurting you by keeping it a secret.”
” Sherlock chuckled and gave his toes a wiggle, laughing harder when John hissed and muttered something about “hard on.” and “parents.”
Sherlock's e-mail is already written (for the most part) for Friday, so it looks like I'm in good shape to keep the schedule!!!
Sherlock licked his lips, finding them unusually dry even for himself. He couldn't believe any of this was happening. Him, John, them, here, right here together. Before John, before rehab, before any of this, Sherlock had resigned himself to a life of complete solitude. He worked better alone, functioned better, alone kept him safe. Now however, he wasn't so sure if he could be alone anymore. Life without John…..Sherlock wasn't so sure if he could even contemplate such a life.
So, might I still imagine you, and this mind palace, as you sitting deep in thought with a tiara? If so, I must ask. Do you have short hair? What color is it? What can I use to fuel this rather entertaining image? Myself, I'm on the shorter side but fit, dark blue eyes, sandy hair and I'm rather tan now, thanks to the ever present sun here.
I remember you once complaining about being an Englishman and not having decent tea. Rest assured, dear husband, you shall never be without tea for as long as my family is involved. I dare say, I shall not waste your time nor ruin the surprise by going over the contents of this box, however I do want you to know that the lube is
In the first letter I wrote to you, I said that your letter was the first piece of correspondence I’d received since getting here, yet you think somehow I’ve still managed to hold onto a lover back home? No. That ship has long sailed. There are the occasional hookups here, but that's about as far as my “love” reaches.
“No? How about you shut up before I put that gorgeous mouth of yours to some other use?” Deciding that shutting Sherlock up was actually a lovely idea, John bent over Sherlock’s body, bracing himself on the back of the chair with his left hand then stuffed the fingers of his left hand into Sherlock’s mouth. Taking the hint, Sherlock began to suck and lick at John’s calloused fingers, adding in a light nibble here and there.
Sherlock looked up from where he lay on the sofa, toes curled under his father’s legs and fingers steepled under his chin. His eyes lit up when he saw John, and for a moment John had the image of a small curly haired child curled up in his father’s lap, only Sherlock was the father and the child was unmistakably
Sherlock looks back to the petri dish in his hand and doesn’t acknowledge John. For a split second, John thinks he can escape, can walk back out of the lab and pretend this never happened. But instead, he’s walking forward. Closer to Sherlock. He manages not to stare, to glance around the room instead.
Never is a bit of an overstatement. He does try once, in his first year at uni. Victor Trevor is short and broad and the contrast between the sleek darkness of his skin and the blinding white of his smile is mesmerizing. Sherlock wants to tuck his chin against the close cropped hair on top of Victor’s head and just breathe him in, but Sherlock’s afraid of what will happen. Either outcome of skin-on-skin contact is terrifying to him.
, John thinks, as Sherlock’s blue eyes float before his vision. All of a sudden he mourns the time he didn’t have with his soulmate. It’s not even about dying. It’s about dying without knowing.
Three and a half minutes later, a mug of chamomile is set on the table in front of him as John gingerly sits next to him. John inches his way onto the sofa until his back is resting against the cushions. He doesn’t want to jostle the furniture and wake Rosie.
“Oh for god’s sake.” Sherlock pulls back and twists his face into a disbelieving grimace. “Yes, of course. Have been since that night. I don’t even smoke.”
The detective scrubs a hand through his hair, leaving it sticking up at odd angles. “Just having this conversation with you is breaking the rules so you’d better tell me how it gets the job done. And fast.”
His hand closes around the phone in his back pocket before he can think about it. “Er, here. Use mine.”
Sherlock’s eyes frantically search the street. Cars are whizzing by as if nothing is happening. They enter the frame of his vision grey, brighten to shades of red or blue or black, then fade again as he loses sight of them. Panic still bubbles up in his throat and his hands twitch. He could flag down a taxi. Even if Lestrade won’t put him in one, he could make it himself back to Montague Street.
Sherlock clears his throat and aims for nonchalance. “How would you know he might die? Is he ill, maybe another patient the night I came into Barts?”
There’s a flicker of interest from the detective, but it disappears quickly. “Right, Mr. Holmes, can you tell me who you purchased the drugs from?”
If that’s actually how this works - it may not be. This has never been Sherlock’s area after all. He quickly flips through whom he could ask for advice: Molly, Greg, Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, the Woman. None of them are acceptable. It’s uncharted territory and he has no map to guide him.
John curls his fingers and presses. He’s not really moving faster, and Sherlock knows that, but Sherlock suddenly feels so much more. His back arches, lifts from the bed, and John has to clamp a hand to his hip to keep him steady.
The ripped apart feeling is still emanating from his chest but he can take tiny sips of air through his teeth if he’s careful. Sherlock struggles to his feet, Lestrade’s steadying hand still on his shoulder and his vision still grey around the edges.
One by one, Sherlock’s classmates show up at school or return from hols wearing gloves. Sherlock smirks at them, pleased that he can still see the world in slips of muted navy and emerald. Until one day, they’re just gone. Nothing but grayscale left behind. He’s nearly fifteen and he’d thought, quietly hoped, that maybe he’d get to keep his colours forever. That he wouldn’t need another person to give them back to him, that he’d be enough on his own. Sherlock refuses to cry, refuses to stay in his dormitory for the day like the other students did. Instead, he pulls on a pair of jet black leather gloves and goes to class.
Lestrade texts Sherlock multiple times leading up to the woodwind auditions on Friday. The man barely lets Sherlock out of his sight even though it’s been ages since Sherlock’s had a relapse. If Lestrade really wanted to make sure Sherlock was kept occupied, he’d make sure the orchestra played something more complicated than their current line up. Music occupied his mind and his mind was best when occupied.
John’s obviously not going to give up easily. Sherlock has learned to pick his battles. He pulls himself to his elbows and opens his eyes. “Do I still get eg-” Sherlock goes deathly still, staring at John.
There’s a creak from the bed and Sherlock finds himself pulled tight against John’s shoulder. They don’t speak, and Sherlock doesn’t cry, but he falls asleep like that, with John’s vest creasing his face.
It’s not long before ‘John’ stiffens. Come shoots out across Sherlock’s knuckles on his last upstroke and his glides back down to the root of ‘John’s’ cock, spreading the mess with him. He’s reluctant to let go, but loosens his fingers so the softening weight of ‘John’s’ cock rests in his hand.
“Oh,” Sherlock relaxes back in the bed and waves a hand lazily around his head. “Mine are so boring. Mismeasured some illegal drugs by accident, I’m so sorry, I’ll never do it again, blah blah blah. But you, you’re much more interesting. Whatever you did was enough to get a shit assignment for one, no, two months but not enough to actually get demoted. So tell me, Detective Sergeant Lestrade,
The first clarinet is bad but not as offensive as the flutes had been. Sherlock has his head tipped back against the auditorium seat, eyes closed, and slouched as low as he can go before bumping his knees into the row in front of him.
“No.” Sherlock picks lightly at the sheets under his fingers. “When I woke up, he, whoever he was, was gone.”
That quiet question makes Sherlock’s stomach drop to his feet. Victor doesn’t need to clarify or explain his meaning. He wants his skin on Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock wants it too. He’s so sure.
It’s instantaneous, the change that happens right before John’s eyes. Where the world was muted grey, it’s now bursting with colour. Shades John has never seen before; so vibrant and rich it makes his head spin. His stomach lurches and his blood rushes in his ears. He’d forgotten either his cotton gloves or the medical issue latex set in all the excitement. Just the pad of John’s thumb rests against that pale skin but it burns like a branding iron.
Just a first name. And not a first name he can do anything with. It’s frustrating and it’s perfect. Sherlock rolls that common name on his tongue and through his mind for hours. His violin bears the brunt of frustration and anger that evening.
That last statement should have been smug but it comes out flat and maybe a little afraid. John watches as Sherlock makes his way to the door. He wants to call out, to stop Sherlock from leaving, but remains frozen in place as Sherlock pulls the door open.
John laughs against Sherlock’s skin and that hot, damp breath makes something deep in Sherlock’s core tighten. “I don’t want you to be quiet. I very, very much don’t want you to be quiet.”
Sherlock may not believe that’s the man’s name, but it’s irrelevant anyway. He now knows that his eyes are blue and not brown, that he has a fascinating and ugly starburst scar on his left shoulder, and that the callouses on the pads of his fingers feel like the tiny half-moon roughness one acquires from frequently playing on woodwind ring-keys.
“The rumours are about me. It keeps most people from trespassing in my domain. An ugliness of the body is easier to use to frighten than an ugliness of the mind.”
“Maybe we should slow down.” John presses a soft kiss to the knob of spine. It’s more like the kisses they’ve shared up to this point. It lacks the passion of John’s earlier exploration. Sherlock hates it, but he bends his head further to bare more of his neck to John.
“Don’t tell me what I do and don’t mean. You think I want to end up like you? Like Claire? Shackled together by some societal obligation but hating that constriction. It’s not a biological imperative. People can live without their soulmates indefinitely. You were just too weak to buck convention and now you suffer for it. I won’t be the same.”
Several deep breaths through his nose, with his eyes squeezed shut, allow Sherlock enough presence of mind to think. To really think about the situation.
John’s cock was hard, but not all the way there yet, and heavy in Sherlock’s hand. He didn’t pause, didn’t wait, just swallowed John’s cock down in one forceful push.
Those words burned like acid through Sherlock’s breastbone. The clatter of his phone on the rooftop barely registered as he spread his arms wide. He kept John’s eye, because that was necessary. It was part of the plan for John to stay exactly where he was, and Sherlock keeping their gazes locked would guarantee that. And, anyway, how could Sherlock look away at a time like that.
“You don’t mean that.” Mycroft’s voice is quiet, but with a cutting edge. Sherlock never did know when to leave well enough alone.
John’s never had a friend like that. He has fun with the rugby lads and chats with girls who sit behind him in biology but he doesn’t have a single friend closer than any other. He doesn’t mind. He prefers it that way really. John likes having people around, people who like him, but no one that gets close enough to hurt him. His heart is big and kind, but he’s not foolish. Even the smallest hurts wound him deeper than they do his peers. He protects himself not by growing bitter but by keeping space between himself and others.
Sherlock stops himself before saying any of that. “I needed my colour vision back. Which you were able to give me. That’s all.”
“Good.” John tugs him forward by the wrist and this time Sherlock lets himself be drawn to John. Their lips meet softly and press together without urgency. It’s chaste and sweet and Sherlock’s stomach flutters at the promise in it.
“It’s not a matter of time spent with your soulmate. The strength of the bond is a reflection of the compatibility you share and the quality of the relationship.”
Sherlock spent the next two years falling, as if he’d just tipped over the edge, buoyed up by words left unsaid but waiting for the impact.
Sherlock thinks as his smoke drifts toward the few pinpricks of light visible against the light pollution of London.
John slides his nose along Sherlock’s jaw and presses a lingering kiss just under Sherlock’s ear. “Time to get up, I guess.”
He meets the gurney in the hallway. Stamford is already listening intently to the paramedics as they wheel the young man in. John listens to the relevant details with half an ear as he looks down at the man. He peers at the still form on the gurney and feels a kick in his chest.
The stranger licks his lips in quick, short movements and Sherlock has never liked the phrase “played like a damn fiddle” but sometimes it’s appropriate.
“...not in the picture.” Sherlock just about regains his composure, but there’s a tension in his neck and a hitch in his voice that John can’t ignore. Sherlock spins away and finishes buttoning up that ridiculously long and swishy coat. “I think that’s enough to be going on with for now, don’t you think?”
“But which is it on this Feast of Fools, Captain? Do you consider me beneath you because I am forced to hide away from all society, or does my brilliant mind set me above you?”
The air between them is humid and heavy. Sherlock wishes he had his hands free but the arm between he and John is wrapped around Rosie. He doesn’t have the mental capacity to keep kissing John and figure out how to free his arm without letting her slide to the floor. Both outcomes are unacceptable. But their lips keep moving and their tongues keep dipping in and out in a dance Sherlock didn’t know he would love.
Victor graduates with a first and leaves. Sherlock doesn’t bother to remember where he goes or keep in touch. After Victor is gone, that dark, empty space in his chest grows and grows until it feels like he’s nothing but the void itself. There’s plenty of skin-to-skin contact after that, mostly the slide of one palm across another as he buys drugs on street corners, but none of that matters. He’s alone and always will be.
The first section rehearsal goes shockingly well. It’s just the violins in the morning, then they get to take a few hours off while the violas and cellos rehearse on their own. They come together in the afternoon, along with the contrabass.
Sherlock looks up, tearing his eyes away from the view of John’s cock in his fist. John’s eyes are heavy lidded, his lips are bitten red, and there’s a sheen of sweat across his brow. He’s on the edge of shaking apart, Sherlock realizes. John is going to come, come apart, in his hand and only because Sherlock is touching him. John wants to come like this. He wants to come with Sherlock. The power in that gives Sherlock a giddy head rush. He almost giggles but he puts himself back to his task.
Sherlock is ready for this line of illogic. “She’s sleeping and you’re exhausted. Why truck across London only to come back in the morning? Stay.”
Sherlock pushes back, sliding his tongue along John’s. He’s pinned in his position on the sofa but he can respond with passion like this.
A log popped in the fireplace and Sherlock wished he had his violin to use as a distraction. Or as a shield.
Sherlock hears the insults. He always hears them, he just refuses to respond. The implication that he’ll never be able to get his colours back, that there’s no one out there for him and this grey curtain will remain over his vision forever, is intolerable. He cares less about the annoying addition of another person to his life than he does about being able to see and process the world in greater detail. There is so much he’s missing by not being able to differentiate saffron from goldenrod.
John settling next to him with their shoulders brushing together might have something to do with it as well.
Mycroft’s normally reserved demeanor went icy cold. Sherlock felt a brief sensation of free fall; the realization that he had gone just a step too far over the edge made his stomach tumble. He didn’t let it show on his face. Sherlock kept his lips twisted in a sneer and the contemptuous look in his eye. He was committed now. He would stay the course in the face of Mycroft’s anger and disappointment.
‘John’ licks his lips like he would like to reciprocate but Sherlock has a piece to practice. He feels like music again.
But, alone on the roof, with cigarette smoke curling into the midnight blue sky, Sherlock can let his guard down. The doubts, the anger, the pain at being rejected by the person who was supposed to be perfect for him, the one made for him just the way he is, can come bubbling to the surface. His soulmate was able to give him his colours back but was unable to actually stay and tolerate being with him. His soulmate didn’t even need to speak to him to decide that. He was gone long before Sherlock even woke up. Normally it takes at least one conversation for Sherlock to drive someone away. He thought his soulmate would be made of sterner stuff.
John volunteers for nighttime patrols now. He used to just sneak out of his tent and stare up at the sky, at the beautiful fabric of pin prick lights, for hours. He used to lie to himself and say that it was because the night sky was just black and white, that it was like having his old vision back, in a time before he knew that Sherlock Holmes existed and before he felt hollow and empty all the time.
John got Sherlock’s trousers open and his hand inside before Sherlock recovered enough presence of mind to stop him. Sherlock grabbed at his wrist but John had already encountered the sticky, cooling mess in Sherlock’s trousers.
Sherlock’s chair survived the explosion but John’s did not. Sherlock’s would have been easier to replace; he could simply order a replacement for his. But John’s needs to have the fraying edges and lumpy cushion that mean it’s been well-used and provides nothing but comfort to its owner. Sherlock will have to put a call out to his homeless network to watch the nicest skips and second hand stores for something suitable. He can have it reupholstered in the correct fabric if the bones are good.
Even without the aid of stimulants stronger than nicotine, Sherlock still doesn’t sleep much. When he’s working, the long nights don’t bother him. Between cases, however, it’s a very different story. The loneliness, that bone deep ache in his chest where
By the morning, his right eye is able to see in full colour again but his left is still tinged with grey in the upper left quadrant. He can manage with that.
Okay, so maybe it wasn’t such a great mystery why Sherlock was so thrilled about tonight. John himself really just looked forward to spending the night with his lover, listening to some beautiful music and to savour Sherlock’s happiness. But first ting first…
"You saved so many lives tonight John.. You're amazing - so many lives and so many families that are still whole and able to be with their loved ones because of you love."
being alright! Your skin is flustered and your face is warm so clearly you have a fever! How am I supposed to not worry? Let me call John, please!”
The next two minutes that followed were filled with the DI’s grunts and cries of pain as a brutal rain of kneeing, punches and kicks were hailed down upon him from the man in the ski mask.
“Yeah what can I get ya’” A new bartender suddenly asked and Sherlock’s whipped his head back up to answer, but his mind was suddenly blank. What was it he was supposed to get John again? Why could he suddenly not remember such a simple thing?
“While I appreciate you concern dear John, there’s really no need to worry so much.” Sherlock said with a smile when he finally pulled himself a bit more together. One of his hands disappeared from John’ shoulder to reach behind him and grasped a clean tea towel.
Lestrade wiped a laugh induced tear from his eye. “Aw come on John, surely it wasn’t so large it justified such a reaction.”
John awoke, his head groggy and with a feeling of uneasiness. He was half sitting half laying on the sofa. The soft hum of “Return of the King” was still running on the TV.
Dexter took a half step back but Sherlock stood his ground unfaced, convinced Charlie had no real intent in hurting either of them.
Suddenly Sherlock's long arms wrapped themselves around John’s torso and pulled the doctor even closer, burying his face in his jumper as he did so and Sherlock finally allowed his tears to run freely down his cheeks. He leaned closer to John, seeking more comfort and feeling the love in his soothing warmth embrace.
Sherlock entered the filled office space and took a wide look around the room. It didn’t take him long to pinpoint two men, sitting at their desk’s but grinning and smiling at each other like idiots, clearly very satisfied with themselves. Seeing how Sally reacted at the notion of returning up here it was a no brainer to figure out someone had deliberately locked Sally into that room, no doubt in a twisted way to teach her a lesson of some sort. And while Sherlock had never been the biggest fan of Sallys’ he’d never condone the use of such awful methods. Not knowing Sally had claustrophobia was no excuse and these bastards should be made aware that such actions is not without consequences.
“Just forget it. Just get me my beer so we can both get on with our night.” The detective said, managing only to give away slight scorn in his voice.
Donovan was clearly engaged in a discussion with two other colleagues as the detective and doctor burst through her doors, but Sherlock could care less. The woman at least had the decency too look guilty as Sherlock marched right up to her face and erupted; “This is an outrage, why wasn’t I informed sooner?! Lestrade disappears for two days and the first I hear about is you calling me in urgently 20 minutes ago!!” Sherlock’s face is flustered, he normally wouldn’t let his emotions guide him like this, but there’s no helping it and his worry is greater than his eventual embarrassment for letting everyone see how affected is by the news.
With a pained groan and more effort than should’ve been needed John got himself pushed up from the bed and slowly made his way towards the door on a shaking, painful leg, which he mentally profoundly cursed once again.
“Mrs. Hudson, I’m coming in!!” The yells and throws the door open. He enters the kitchen finding nothing, so he makes his way further into the flat towards the living room. His heart literally skips a beat when he sees Mrs. Hudson lying unconscious on the floor, a spilled glass of water next to her.
When Lestrade needs a helping hand to redeem his wounded pride John Watson steps in and is the best mate a man could wish for.
Lestrade smiled a tight smile. “I don’t know about that. All I know is.. I really just wanted to kill that guy when I saw what he’d done to you.”
“W-What the hell do you know you stupid nutcase?!! You’re nothing but a fucked up psychopath anyway!!” Anderson yelled and without any warning pushed Sherlock so hard that the detective fell hard into the wall, knocking over a trashcan in the process.
Lestrade’s own eyes shimmered a bit, the meaning and sincerity behind those words not lost on him. Despite his weak state he managed to squeeze Sherlock’s hand back a little in a silent ‘
John’s instincts took over as he sprinted towards Sally as fast as his legs could carry him. By now the rest of the yarders had caught on, but they were all way too far away to have any hope of reaching Sally in time. It was up to John.
“Dexter, come in.” Sherlock said as he opened the door for the thin teen standing on the staircase landing.
John sighed heavily again. Sherlock had finally agreed to watch a few of John’s Bond films with him tonight, on the condition that John would try on his old army uniform afterwards, that’d been stowed away to the top of his closet. John had looked forward all day to have a quiet evening with his lover, after his long shift at the hospital. He’d bought a nice bottle of red wine and Sherlock had ordered take-away from Angelo’s for dinner. Unfortunately, when John had exited the wine shop Anthea and a black suited goon of a driver had been waiting for him, the door to the car’s passenger seat open in silent invitation. John had refused to enter of course, but soon found himself more or less manhandled into the car by the driver, before being rushed off to God knows where. The doctor had only allowed this because he, of all people knew the stubbornness of the Holmes brothers and knew it’d be a moot point to try and avoid Mycroft. That didn’t mean he wasn’t angry about it though.
Those words had hung in the air. Lestrade felt his chest grow with pride hearing them and neither felt the need to elaborate further on the matter. Just as well, cause in that moment John came back with his coffee and the three sat together for a while. It wasn’t long however till Lestrade felt himself being pulled under my tiredness so John and Sherlock took this as their cue to leave, with the promise to come visit again tomorrow.
Greg Lestrade raced across the harbour and skidded to a halt in front of the large industrial building Mycroft had informed him of. Right behind him a whole caravan of police cars followed and a single helicopter was flying in from above, circling the perimeter. Mycroft stood outside, standing next to his black car, the young woman who always accompanied him next to him. Both looking worse for wear, especially Mycroft.
Sherlock made his way down the wooden stairs, holding a hand onto the railing for good measure. Their seating area was located on a large balcony-like upper floor and underneath was a large, long bar with plenty of room to sit or lounge at for those who preferred or came in smaller groups. The music was a bit louder down here and the bar was a bit crowded and busy. Sherlock scanned the room and finally found a spot to take a waiting stance at the bar. He leaned casually across the counter until he gained eyecontact with one of the bartenders. He signalled for service by raising his right hand slightly and the bartender nodded in a silent gesture to let him know he’d been seen and he’d come to take his order when he was available. Sherlock nodded back in acceptance and lowered his hand back down.
“Angry? Why would I be angry? This man obviously means a lot to you and has been a big part of your life. It’s perfectly understandable you’d want to see him again after so many years.” John replied and smiled brightly at Sherlock.
In his pained haze, John hadn’t even realised he’d been holding his breath. He exhaled and drew in a shuddering breath as best as he could. He continued this for a few moments, the pain in his shoulder starting to fade, but unfortunately only very minutely.
The detective turned back to John. “He.. He didn’t.. Did he?” Sherlock could not get himself to voice the full question, but he knew John would understand. He did not feel any pain in.. That area and he couldn’t recall the act happening, but he couldn’t trust his own memory at this point, and he needed to be sure.
“I’m very well thank you and my violin is so too, though I’m afraid I’m not as great as when I had you by my side to pick at my sloppy fingering.” He chuckled.
Dexter weaved off the detective’s concerns. “No, no.. Just a bit chilled is all. I’m not here for me.”
John stood completely still for a few moments, a thick silence filling the space between the two men, as he tried to comprehend what Mycroft had just said.
For a moment, John laid completely still, nothing but his chest heaving in the effort to try and catch his breath, with Sally still wrapped up protectively in his arms. Slowly the adrenaline started to ebb away and he could feel Sally shaking in his arms and hear the dozen footsteps of the other yarders running towards them. John eased his grip a little to look down at the sergeant. Sally returned his gaze, her eyes still filled with fright, but also gratitude.
Sherlock was lost on whatever reference John was making and decided to go down to the bar and get John and him a refill, while the doctor kept on entertaining the masses. John was so enthralled in his own, slightly intoxicated epilogue that he didn’t notice his detective slip off and Sherlock didn’t want to disturb him. He already knew John would prefer another large Indian pale ale to drink so there was no need to ask.
“Fucking hell!” John swore loudly and reached to take his lover’s pulse. It was there, but slightly irregular and Sherlock’s eyes were starting to lose focus again, his blinks becoming longer and longer, clearly starting to slowly lose consciousness.
John however was faced with another surprise as the couple excited their apartment and saw a beautiful black Mercedes parked right at the curb in front of the door. He’d expected Sherlock to use his magic ability to hail a cap to take them to the opera, but this..
“Pleasure.” John said as he reached out to shake hands only to have it greedily clasped between both of the other man’s.
Sherlock looked at her with a reluctant face but nodded his approval of the agreement. “Fine.. But I’m not letting you off that easily! I won’t have you move from that couch you hear me. Whatever you need done today I’ll do for you.” He followed up with a determined edge in his voice.
“He’s probably sneaked outside for a smoke, hoping you wouldn’t notice John. I think I’ll join him. I’ll bring him back up with me alright.” Sally chimed and stood up to pull on her coat and fished out her pack of cigarettes.
Most of the people kept their eyes down and continued tapping away at their computers, hoping not to be caught in the crossfire of Sally’s rage. Tentatively Claire Morrison stood from her seat and approached the angry stand-in DI with the list in hand.
The man sat back dumbfounded for a few moments, clearly processing the resounding rejection he’d just been thrown in his face. If Sherlock wasn’t so annoyed by his presents, he’d have found it amusing. The man however didn’t stay knocked down for long because he suddenly leaned in closer to the detective and leered with a husky voice.
In that moment she couldn’t help but be amazed at how vulnerable and soft Sherlock looked, his usually stoic façade falling away, revealing how worried he really must have been for her. Of course she’d always known Sherlock wasn’t as cold and apathetic as he always appeared to be. She’d known he was a good man the moment he’d went above and beyond to make sure her awful husband would never get to lay another hand on her again and he’d proven it many times since then. Like the time he’d thrown that man out that window just for striking her.
“Are you stupid old man?! I got like a dozen witnesses that just saw you punch me!” The taller man screeched.
John offered a quick “will do.” Before Mycroft closed the car door firmly shut, allowing Lestrade to drive off to Bakerstreet with his passenger.
“Nice try love, but I’m still not going to help dissect a human brain in our kitchen. Which by the way, I’m still very much against you doing!” He added pointedly.
Sherlock’s heart broke just a bit more hearing such a speech coming from such a young boy. Maybe even more so because, not that long ago, he could have uttered almost the exact same statements and believed them to be true. Also he did not like the reminder this situation brought when he’d been the one standing on the edge of a rooftop and he knew from personal experience how much hurt and anguish it brought to the people around you to make a decision like this. No matter how unloved or un needed Charlie believed himself to be, he’d leave a hole behind for many people around him. The boy just hasn’t realized that yet, so Sherlock felt the most important duty in his life this moment, is to make Charlie believe it.
John immediately moved to support the detective’s upper body and rubbed his back soothingly as the coughing got to run its course. All the while John tried to calm Sherlock down by muttering comfort directly into his ear. “I know Sherlock, I know! Take it easy love. It wasn’t your fault, you didn’t do it yourself.”
“As I said, despite Mycroft and Lestrade’s best efforts I couldn't keep away from the drugs. Mrs Hudson even had to call an ambulance once when she found me passed out on the floor suffering from an overdose..”
Sherlock patted his landlady’s hand gently in a calming manner. “Undoubtedly Mrs. Hudson but let’s not overreact. As I’ve heard the culprit have suffered plenty at the hands of John and DI Lestrade.”
Molly looks thoughtful, but seems to brighten up just a bit. “It’s going to be dull you know. It’s all just time-consuming routine work. You hate that.” She states.
John thought of that for a moment. It was true, Anderson wasn’t known for his outstanding people skills, but John really wanted to help him out. “Come on, just take a look around. Isn’t there any woman in here you fancy just a bit?” He asked as he started scanning the room himself for any potential matches.
John exited the kitchen in 221B Bakerstreet with two wineglasses in one hand and a nice red wine in the other. Sherlock and he had just closed a grueling case late last night and both men had decided to reward themselves with starting their weekend early and staying home today.
They finally reach Lestrade and bent over the stretcher, careful not to stand in the paramedics’ way too much as they worked. Despite his obvious exhaustion and pain the DI still managed the smallest smile as he saw two familiar faces.
Lestrade finished a large drag from his beer before answering. “Maybe he went to the loo?” He suggested.
John sighed and grasped Anderson’s shoulder to make the man look him back into his eyes. “Listen mate. First - do I think cheating on your wife was wrong? Yes - I do, but I get it. You fell in love with Sally and you tried to do the right thing and get a divorce so you could be with her, it just didn’t end out in your favour and that sucks. Besides, it takes two to cheat. Sally was as much a cheater as you. Second - Do I like the way you’ve been treating Sherlock? No I don’t, but then again, I understand he hasn’t always been civil with you either and we’re going to work on that. But when all I said and done, I don’t think you’re a bad guy Anderson and you’re a good forensic, even Sherlock knows that, he just doesn’t want to admit it. You don’t deserve this and nobody thinks you do or hates you in any way, believe me.”
“Excuse you?!” Lestrade said in a daring way, clearly giving Ethan a chance to take back his words. Apparently, that didn’t seem to face the American.
“Suspraspinatus and.. in the center of infraspinatus…” John hissed, using the correct medical terms of the muscles that pained him the most, being more accurate that way than if just telling Sherlock ‘up high’ or ‘down low’, knowing that his boyfriend knew the areas he was referring to.
“Why hello there.” John said with a smile and crouched down to be at eyelevel with the kid. “And who’s this young feller?” He asked.
After some time Sherlock's silent tears stopped their steam down his cheeks, but John kept his arms around him, continuing to offer warmth, comfort and love as long as Sherlock would allow him too.
Ethan gave John an escalator look, up and down. One of his eyebrows raising just a fraction like he wasn’t impressed by the small doctor the slightest. However, he did reach out to claps John hand in his own in greeting.
Sherlock was still fuming silently under the surface, but took comfort in the fact that the man at least finally seemed to have gotten the message into his thick head and the whole reason he’d ventured down here was to bring John and him a drink each. He didn’t want John to think he hadn’t taken him into consideration and just gotten a drink for himself. Sherlock took a deep breath and willed his still irate sate to simmer down before he accepted.
Greg looked at his friend, his eyes big. He’d anticipated laughter, a smart remark or some other kind of ridicule. The detective suddenly felt a twinge of guilt, of course John’s first concern had been his health and wellbeing. He should have known better than think John would make fun of him.
“Please help! I need to call the police!! Do you have a phone I can borrow? It’s an emergency!!” The boy panted, out of breath from running so hard.
“So..” John started. “You wanna talk about it?” He asked tentatively as he indicated discreetly with his head towards Donovan and her new romantic interest.
Usually John was patience as a saint with Sherlock, but at this moment he was exhausted, sore and freezing and therefor his patience was becoming a little thin by this point.
“Are you kidding? Sherlock could hardly contain himself after you called.” John joked. “So, locked room murder huh?”
At the sound of her name Molly jumped in fright with yet another high-pitched screech. “Oh God.. Sherlock..” She exclaimed as she located him at her desk.
Sherlock offered what he hoped to be a small reassuring smile in return. “Don’t mention it.” He turned a tad serious again thereafter. “But if you don’t mind me asking, how did you end up locked in the supply room?”
Suddenly Sherlock’s mind was flooded with uncoherent images and sensations from the night’s events. It was like a floodgate had opened in his head. Now he remembered being in the bar with John, Greg, Sally and other yarders and he remembered going downstairs to get John and him another round. He remembered ‘the man’, although his face was a fuzzy blur in his memory. He remembered the moment he realised himself he’d been slipped something in his drink. But after that everything seemed like a blurry mess. Like remembering a dream right after waking up, not being able to recall the details. He could vaguely remember being half carried off somewhere, not having any idea how much time and distance had been covered when a vile sensation of a wet tongue being plunged into his mouth, his shirt being ripped open, the wetness trailing down his chest, his pants being pulled down.. The feeling of helplessness and dread of what he’d known would had been coming next. Sherlock pulled at the collar of his hospital gown and looked franticly down his pale chest. It was littered with bitemarks and hickeys. He was starting to hyperventilate slightly, but managed to rasp out. “I’m gonna be sick..”
Anderson’s eyes faltered a bit to the side and a very slight blush rising to his cheeks. “Well..” He said timidly, his eyes shifting form a point at the bar to the table in front of him. John followed his gaze to a pretty brown-haired woman, who sat for herself at the bar, nursing a glass of white wine. She was wearing a black dress that hugged her figure all the right places and her features looked soft and feminine. John could see why she’d caught Anderson’s eye.
Sherlock’s first reaction when she’d entered had been annoyance for being disrupted in his work. He knew of course that it was selfish of him since it really was he intruding on Molly’s domain, but he’d been looking forward to a few quite hours with his work. That feeling quickly disappeared though as he looked her over at he still kneeling position on the floor.
Sherlock could hear her frantic breathing and the utter desperation in her voice. He didn’t have to be a consulting detective to figure out Sally was having a fullblown panic attack behind the door. He’d seen John have them a few times before. How PTSD and flashbacks would still haunt his poor doctor when certain triggers happened. Sherlock knew just how awful things could escalate and this was something he wouldn’t wish to happen to his worst enemy, Donovan included.
“W-Who the hell do you think you are you freaking misfit?! Coming with such a totally farfetched accusation like that!!” Donovan said angrily.
That was the first time any of them said those words, but John didn't regret saying them - because it was the truth.
“Right then.” Sherlock said as he took his place at Molly’s side. “What will you have me do boss?” He asked playfully, successfully drawing a small laugh from Molly.
The man’s face was covered in blood and John’s knuckles were starting to bruise and bleed of their own, but he didn’t register it. He was burning up with anger! At this moment he wasn’t doctor Watson anymore, right now he was captain John Watson, trained killer and soldier, he was the lover of Sherlock Holmes and he wanted this man to suffer, hell.. He wanted him dead!
Still, Sherlock can’t help but feel proud, because to be honest.. To have lost ‘only’ 2 lives out of so many shot victims is beyond spectacular. But Sherlock knows he won’t be able to make his boyfriend truly understand how amazing he is tonight.. Tonight those 2 lost lives, especially the boy's, will be all his mind is able to focus on and Sherlock will do anything to try and soothe and comfort his doctor until the completely unreasonable guilt he is no doubt haunted by will pass.
John turned around with an annoyed sigh to face Anthea, who unsurprisingly, still had her head buried in her blackberry, tapping away at its keys.
André hadn’t even seemed to notice John had been there until now, though John didn’t blame him. It wasn’t every day you got reunited with old friends.
Sherlock’s eyes frowned in confusion. “But.. That’s way out of her division. Why would she do that?” He asked.
Later that night Dimmock sat at his son’s bedside in the hospital, where he slept peacefully. Daniel was luckily feeling much better, still a bit of a fever, but at least breathing without any trouble. He brushed a few curls from his son’s forehead. Thanks to John Watson, his boy was still alive and he would never stop being grateful to the man for that.
“We will Donovan, after you’ve had some time to consider your treatment of your colleagues. We’ll come back when we think you’ve cooled down enough.”
Sherlock sighed; “Fiiine.. Just put the first one in already and let’s get this over with!” John smiled. “Trust me, you’ll love it.” He said as he guided the first disk into the DVD player. Sherlock huffed. “I doubt it.” But poured two glasses of wine and settled himself comfortable into the cushions anyway.
! John continued to further save three other men’s life that day, despite being critically injured himself. A feat that almost cost him his life, his military career as well as a permanent and painful injury to his left shoulder.” Sherlock were surprised to find his own voice to be shaking slightly, but even he couldn’t contain his emotions when someone would talk so ill about the only love of his life. “Next time you decide to stomp on my partner in such a dishonourable manner you better know what hell you’re talking about, or I’ll give
“Molly?” Sherlock said questioningly, both in confusion as to why Molly was even still working at this late hour and also to make his presence known to her.
“I’m not a child John.” Sherlock scowled, not at all pleased as he was left alone with the optometrist woman beside him.
All his childhood and teenage years he’d lived through so many failures to fit into a society, that left little room for any forms of eccentricities or the slightest abnormality. At every point in his life when he’d made efforts to be accepted socially by his peers he’d either been humiliated, used, mocked or on more than one occasion literally beaten down. The pain of repeatedly rejection and breakdowns had caused Sherlock deciding to start building his tall walls of emotionlessness and indifference in his late teens. He’d then labelled himself as a high functioning sociopath to shield himself for further let-downs. His walls had only grown thicker and more impenetrable as the years went by. With no levelminded associates to offer any forms of support or means of outlet he’d found himself turning to drugs to settle his racing mind and tendencies to selfloathing. It didn’t take long for his habit to turn into a fullblown addiction.
But before he could go on Lestrade caught John’s arm in mid strike to stop him. Even though the DI was no small man himself he had to hold on with both his hands to stop John’s momentum.
“Sherlock baked?!” John exclaimed in disbelief. But sure enough, at the kitchen counter Sherlock was bent over a deliciously looking raspberry pie. His face was one of utter concentration, that John had only ever seen him apply when deducing a crime scene, as he piped a beautiful pattern of vanilla cream on its top.
Anderson frowned and twirled the shotglass in his hands, not looking John in the eyes right away. “It’s just typical, isn’t it? I cheat on my wife for years to be with her and when I finally get my divorce she just dumps me to be with.. Him.” He spat the last word out, his eyes still on the table. There was a short pause of silence, John didn’t say anything yet, he had a feeling Anderson hadn’t gotten everything of his chest. Finally, the forensic lifted his head and met John’s eyes. They were filled with a mix of anger and sadness.
“But.. Then who did?” Sherlock asked when finally calmed down and was laid back against his pillow after a few minutes, his voice like sandpaper.
And this was so wrong!! Sherlock quickly stood from his slumped position on the floor. He knew he probably didn’t deserve John after what he’d done tonight. Hell he probably hadn’t done anything in his life to ever deserve John Watson in any way. But of all the things and insults thrown his way by the people around him Sherlock agreed one thing. He was selfish, he knew he was, he always had been and he always would be and John was just further proof of this. Because even though Sherlock knew he didn’t deserve Johns loyalty, admiration and love he wasn’t about to give it all up now! He had to find John, tell him how much he loved him and convince him of the truth in that fact. He had to show John what he meant to him and explain his horrid behaviour of this evening and then beg for forgiveness.
Lestrade chuckled and turned to face the seemingly inseparable team of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson.
A firm grip on his shoulder pulled Sherlock back out of his head. He looked towards the action and locked eyes with John. The doctor’s expression was stained, but showed a mix of compassion, sadness and understanding. “He only wanted to protect you Sherlock, don’t feel guilty about that.” John said and squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder a little tighter in reassurance.
Mycroft’s mask only faltered for a split second, clearly not stupid enough to underestimate the truth behind the doctor’s words. He quickly shielded off his unease though and returned to the matter at hand. “Threaten me all you want John, but that is not very productive for the true reason as to why I brought you here.” He said, his own voice as calm and collected.
Ever his anchor, John was the one to pull him out of his head. “Sherlock? Sherlock don’t disappear into your head right now. What did you learn from the video? How can we save Greg?” He asked, his own voice one of steeled resolve.
John had very little time to react to the attack as he’d been very close to the wall when the man escaped and he’d been taken by surprise. Instincts took over and his first concern was to disarm the attacker before he could injure or kill anyone else. The man came at him with full speed so John only had just enough time to grasp the man’s left wrist and twist it forcefully, making the man drop the weapon to the floor with a pained cry. But the momentum at which the man rammed into him was simply too great and John felt himself being tackled to the ground. As fate would have it, most of this heavy man’s weight impacted on John’s left side and a huge amount of this pressure grinded down right on his injured left shoulder.
Lestrade turned around to face the rest of the room with its many officers. “Did anyone see me even touching officer Davis back there?” He asked openly. Immediately a steady stream of ‘No’, ‘Nope’, ‘I didn’t see anything sir’ followed from everyone in the room. Lestrade turned back to Davis. “Looks like it’s your word against mine son.”
“It’s Hall, Sofia Hall.” The woman named Sofia brushed some of her hair behind her ear. “Would you like to join me for a bit mister Anderson, it would be nice to have you close in case that creep decides to come back.”
Sherlock sat bend over the over the microscope in Molly’s lab in the pathology department at St Barts hospital. The experiment he was conducting was rather simple and more out of curiosity than need. He could have performed it just as well at home in Baker street, but John had invited Greg and some colleagues from the Yard and the hospital over to watch some mind-numbing football game there. It was supposedly a big and important match, but Sherlock had not fancied sitting around listening to hooligan shouting all night. John had offered to relocate them all to the nearest sports bar, but Sherlock didn’t want to deny his lover his ‘guy night’ and had reassured John he could easily spend a few hours at St Barts. John had rewarded him with a wide smile and a quick kiss before popping out for snacks and beers for the evening.
Sherlock lead all four men into the alley and then went on a long rant of deductions linking the dust partials in the victim’s hair to this back alley near a construction site, that mixed this chemically unique yellow sand in the fundament that’d been cast two months ago. The owner of the grocery shop they now stood behind would weekly have his trash pulled off to that dumpsite in which Jonas Miller had been found.
Finally, Molly looks up from the desk top to catch Sherlock’s gaze. Her entire demeanour hesitant as she answers; “Really? You’d do that.. For me?”
“Easy there! Wouldn’t want to mess up that pretty face of yours love. I promise if you behave, I’ll make it good for you as well.” The man growled.
“Good run today.” John said, still trying to catch his own breath too. “I actually think that was a new record for us.” He grinned in satisfaction.
Sherlock huffed in consternation. “Handed over your jacket to someone else again I see? You promised John you’d stop doing that.” Sherlock berated slightly, but already knew it was no use to lecture the boy further. Dexter always did this, handing out his scarfs, jacket or gloves to others in the network he felt needed them more.
Charlie had started taken to the streets a lot since arriving to London. Dexter had taken him in in his neighbourhood and kept an eye on the boy, simultaneously bringing him into the network. Sherlock and John had met him a few times. Charlie did not connect well with John at all. The doctor’s military stand and natural authoritarian aura immediately set off the boy’s alarm bells and had him refuse to talk to John or let the doctor examine some bruised knuckles he’d gotten from a fight in his school. Sherlock however had been able to connect with the boy better. Sherlock knew how it felt to be unwanted, discarded, be a misfit and to be the outcast. It didn’t take a consulting detective too see how bad Charlie was struggling. He’d take on a tough exterior, but was in reality fighting to keep himself going every day. Sherlock knew because he’d been just the same at that age and he’d needed to turn to drugs to dwell those demons.
“Okay, calm down alright. I’m going to help you. How old is your friend? What does he look like? Do you know why he’d go with the man you think is going to hurt him, do they know each other?” She asked, needing more details in order to help.
“You do realize that the idea of intelligence being based on the use of prescription glasses, that are sorely used to correct visual impairments, is a well-used though altogether completely inaccurate form of stereotyping, John.”
Sherlock had given them a fair chance to come clean and confess. They had not done so and had now even indirectly admitted that they’d planned to leave Sally down there for a good while yet. The detective took a deep breath before he leaned slightly forward in his chair, before fitting both men with one of his terrifying fake smiles and continued in the politest manner. “If any of you ever lay a hand on Sally Donovan again or pull any stunt like the one you did today I’ll make personally sure that your wife..” Sherlock pointed to Jackson before continuing; “Will know that you’re having an affair with her twin brother.” Jackson’s eyes went comically large and his entire face got paler than a ghost. “And prove that you..” Sherlock then pointed to Robertson. “have been stealing large fortunes of money from all the charities you so often ‘generously’ helps organizing.” Robertson looked positively sick at that moment. Sherlock’s hands went to their prayerlike position and his fake smile grew ever the slightest larger. “Now, have I made myself clear?” Both men nodded madly, but both were deathly silent. Sherlock clasped both his hands on his thighs and stood. “Good now that’s settled I’ll take my leave, but just remember what I said, I won’t forget.” He said with a teasing wiggling indexfinger before making his was to Lestrade/ Sally’s office to retrieve her things.
“None. There are three things I’ve been certain of in my life. My desire to become a doctor, joining the army, and Sherlock. Marrying Sherlock has been the best decision of my life. He’s smart, Jesus he’s incredibly smart, he’s funny without realizing it, and though he’ll deny it to my face he has the biggest heart I’ve ever seen. You know how when you walk into a room full of people, there’s always that
“Sherlock… you're scaring me.” John sat down close to Sherlock, pressing their knees together and keeping a firm grip on both of Sherlock’s hands. “If, you're not ready for this… I can wait. I’ll wait as long as you’d like. For as long as you need.”
The question caught John off guard. He pulled back and furrowed his eyebrows but smiled a moment later, “Sherlock Watson-Holmes,” he kissed Sherlock full on the lips then pulled back again, propping himself up on an elbow. “I can honestly say I don't know. If you were, a few years from now, when I'm home for good, to wake up one morning and say ‘John I want to have a baby.’ I would happily go out that very day and start the adoption papers with you.” With his free hand, the one not holding up most of his weight, John tenderly stroked Sherlock's cheeks. “While on the other hand, if you were to tell me right now or years from now that you never wanted to have children, I would kiss you and tell you I was fine with that.”
I have had.... words... with your brother. I had a long, and rather explicit letter written out for you. I even wrote the words "I want to suck your hard juicy cock." For his benefit because I knew that slug wouldn't be able to resist reading my words.
“Any luck on number three?” After a short while John unburied his head from Sherlock's body and sat up enough to get a look at the computer screen.
“If it gets you out of bed, then sure.” John snatched the bottle out of Sherlock’s hand and stepped away from the bed before he had a chance to retaliate. “I’ll just be taking this… so you don’t use it on yourself.”
“God, listen to you!” John growled hoarsely and suddenly found it hard to form complete sentences and knew time was running out. It wouldn’t take either of them long to reach the tipping point. “Your moans are echoing off the walls. Anyone walking by would be able to hear you!  Shall we give them a show as well?”
Keep writing to me, even if you don't hear from me right away. I might not get time to write, but I can steal time to read.
Hello everyone!! Hope we are all ready for the final episode of S4 tomorrow (I'm not) though just in case you are not, or even if you are, here is a little something to help get you through it (^_^) Seriously, this chapter is so full of cute that it may end up making you sick. We are not liable for any damage though!!
“Tell him that Sherlock and I will get him a kilt if needed.” John chuckled. He stood up and groaned as pain coursed through his body. “Jesus…” he placed a hand on the small of his back and winced. Now that the adrenaline had worn off he was beginning to feel each and every ounce of pain. Sherlock looked up, concern flashed in his eyes but John gave him a gentle shake of his head.
“You know me so well.” John sniggered back then forced himself to sober up. Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were staring at them and John suddenly realized that insinuating talk about sex at the Christmas dinner table was a bit not good.
“Yes, if one could call such a limited amount of space that.” Sherlock didn’t stop but kept walking taking a right hand turn at the next corridor then stopping at the third door on the left. He opened it without knocking and flopped down on a chair just this side of the desk. “Hello Mike, miss me?”
“John, when the women came to the base, did Afifah invite Najmah? Your exact words were ‘Najmah was her friend, she came looking for Afifah’, then you went on saying the reason Najmah even knew where to find Afifah was because, as a mother, you assumed she couldn’t bear to leave her children behind.”
“Right. Uh….” John did the best he could to think through the lap full of Sherlock, blinking a few times as he willed himself to finish speaking his mind. “Nothing’s going to happen… that you don’t want. But I’m no mind reader, so you need to tell me if you’re not ready for something, or if you don’t like it. Okay?”
“O night, o night divine!” John continued to sing as he puttered about the kitchen. He’d managed to scrape together enough ingredients to put together a makeshift stir fry. He flashed Sherlock a smile before returning to his carol. He hadn’t exactly felt the Christmas cheer back in Afghanistan, what with being surrounded with sand, but now being home and with Sherlock, he was feeling quite festive.
“Of course. You and Sherlock will still be writing letters?” She asked, but John could tell that there was only one acceptable answer in the eyes of his Mother-in-law.
The book was suspiciously light in his hands, and as he turned it over he quickly saw that where there should have been pages it was instead glued shut. The cover, however opened to reveal a hollowed out book filled with the inner workings of a small camera. John sighed, understanding washing over him as Sherlock hopped down from the chair and went to retrieve his mobile.
“I’ll get you two a candle, more romantic.” The proprietor said as he handed them both menus. “Anything on the menu, free of charge for you boys.”
I feel I must warn you, Sherlock, that with the Afghan Paramilitary election nearing… things have begun to heat up on our end… back in June, Operation Red Wings resulted in the death of 19 Americans and many Taliban fighters. And I fear that this is just the beginning. Please do not be alarmed if our letters are slowed down a bit, the military is doubling their securities and going through all the mail. So, no nudes, okay?
What do you think life will be like when I’m home? Will we get sick of each other, or will we be the type of couple who makes living together look easy? I can be a difficult person to get along with, I have a bit of a short temper and when I get angry I tend to storm out and walk it off. I’ll need a job when I get back, maybe a job at a hospital or a local clinic, that’ll help. It’ll get me out of the house from time to time, that way we’re not at each others throats all the time. Speaking of flats, with what I’ve been sending home for you, we should have enough soon for a flat. What are your thoughts on moving out of your parent’s? Do you think you’re ready?
"Quite right." Sherlock let out a contented sigh and allowed himself to relax completely against his husband, but only after dragging a throw blanket over their entangled bodies.
“So?” John grinned, a bit sheepishly, he leaned forward to steal a kiss from Sherlock, and whispered, “Not exactly shy… are we?”
If you missed yesterday's surprise update go read it! It's a phone call between John and Mycroft that should be read before this letter!
” John added with a smirk, and a point of his finger, “you just brought up your brother, mister. Don’t make me spank you for breaking the rules.”
Silence fell around John like a thick blanket. Every move he took, every rustle of his over starched uniform, seemed to echo throughout the room as he slowly made his way uncertainly towards what he could only assume to be a bedroom. He held his good hand up to the door, ready to knock, but paused for a moment and forced himself to breathe. Once his heart rate went back down to something slightly less alarming, John opted to lean against the wall beside the door. With his face turned towards the door, he softly spoke.
“Very much so.” John grinned back. “I think… darling, I’m ready for a bit more, if you catch my meaning.”
You truly are a walking contradiction John. You start off your letter spewing hate over your new post, but by the end you’re pointing out the perks. While I do share your feelings regarding Moran, I greatly dislike you being so close to all that hostility. Remember, husband, I have internet at my fingertips once again. Therefore I can now monitor the news, thus monitor your safety, which is how I know that the Royal Marines have been called in as reinforcements. Please know John, that if you ask, I will have Mycroft move you to more hospitable location. In the end, I do understand that it is your choice, however know that I will be doing everything in my power to persuade you to take my offer into consideration.
“Of course you have.” John shook his head and looked up at the next flight of stairs. “Right then, how many more?”
“Please…” John whispered, brushing his lips against the tip of Sherlock's chin. “Please… grant me this now, because I have to leave tomorrow. Please, husband. Let me see you. Let me feel you in my hands. Christ, say I can taste you. Please…” he was nearly whimpering now, begging for permission even as Sherlock's clock began to harden against his hand.
“Joining?” Sherlock gaped in shock, his mouth opening and closing in a desperate attempt to form words. “I…I'm allowed to join you?”
He began to let his eyes trail over John’s toned thighs when he spotted it. He’d nearly forgotten… nearly forgotten what had happened less than a month ago. An angry red line adorned John’s right thigh. It wasn’t a cut, but nor was it a scar yet, still being in the early stages of healing. Without thinking, he dropped to his knees in front of John. Anchoring himself with one hand on the back of John’s leg, just under his arse, he brought his other hand up and traced a circle around the mark.
“Well? Going to cook air for breakfast?” he said, his voice taking on a mirthful note as he buried his face back between Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlock shook his head, curls bouncing and shuffled a step closer to the stove. John followed, keeping his body pressed firmly against Sherlock’s back while still embracing him.
“I don’t like guessing,” his pursed his lips for a moment, “but I’d guess that whoever gave them the computer is our culprit.” Sherlock sighed and busied himself with fiddling with the webcam settings. The skype call noise startled them both out of their thoughts and as Sherlock hit accept John dragged his chair a bit closer so he could be in the frame.
“Jesus…that was…” John glanced from Sherlock to the bag on the floor and shook his head. “Anxious to get rid of me, I think.”
“We… don’t have his body. While my team was able to locate where your husband had been held, it seems he has escaped, or was transferred elsewhere, days before we found him.”
“No, it’s not...it doesn’t….” Sherlock attempted to swallow the panic induced lump in his throat before continuing, “I do...want to get married to you that is. However, “ at this, Sherlock glanced over to where the manila envelope still lay, “I believe there are a few things you need to know first.”
Tea made, and a light breakfast of toast and fruit for John, (which he placed within Sherlock’s reach in hopes that his husband would change his mind), he grabbed one of the two laptops and perched it on his lap, meaning to have a look at what Sherlock was doing. No sooner had he placed the laptop, which had nothing open on it, down, was Sherlock handing John a somewhat wrinkled piece of paper. It was a list, of sorts; a list of questions, some scribbled out, some unfinished, but left were roughly ten questions.
There is a surprise for everyone (and John) at the end of this letter! Also, check out this awesome tumblr. Without her, the beautiful surprise at the end would NOT have been possible.
“You’ll brush your teeth long before I shower. Go the rest of the day without kisses and you’ll be going to a dentist begging him to give you a deep clean before nightfall.” Sherlock snorted in response, but made a mental note to air out the flat and brush his teeth before John returned.
John peppered Sherlock's stomach with kisses as he pushed his finger in deeper, and listened intently to Sherlock, checking for any signs of discomfort. When there were none, he curled his finger and pulled it halfway out before straightening it again.
“Fuck!” John cursed, digging his non injured fingers into Sherlock's flesh. “You're so vocal. I bloody love it.”
“Yeah, do as he says,” John ran a hand over his face, picking crusties from the corners of his eyes, “Thanks for letting us know. Keep them safe, yeah?”
“Sad to say, it's not quite as romantic as yours. But I like green… I look good in it, I feel good in it, and it reminds me of the back garden where I grew up. Harry and I would play for hours in it…” He smiled at the memory, then gently pulled Sherlock to a stop. They’d been walking for nearly twenty minutes, and the only way back home was to turn around and walk another twenty minutes.
“I don’t know. And I don’t like not knowing…” Sherlock sighed, squinting his eyes together in concentration. He had the feeling that he was missing… or forgetting… something or someone. He gave a frustrated sigh then resigned himself to a week of mainly bedrest, all for the sake of getting his brain back.
IF you see anything major that needs to be changed/edited please leave a KIND comment (Please be kind, we're both emotionally frazzled right now and each day is a challenge for us.)
?” Sherlock snapped at Mycroft and crossed his arms over his chest, placing himself between his brother and the bacon.
FourCorners here! Did a bit of quick editing, things should read nice! Nothing big was changed, no worries!
“Okay, luv.” John pulled off and placed a kiss to Sherlock’s inner thigh before standing. “Let me finish washing up then I’ll take you to bed. As Sherlock gathered his composure John made quick work of scrubbing himself clean. Once they’d both had one final rinse Sherlock leaned over John and turned the taps off.
“Mmmm Mmbbu..” John began then took a moment to chew and swallow before trying again. "Mmm, and I walked in on you practically naked. But i just made you smile. I think… my goal will be to make you smile, and giggle, as much as I can while I’m here. I’m nothing, if not a romantic."
“Ahhh…” John pulled his cock nearly all the way out then stilled. “Come on then, fuck yourself on my hard cock! I got it hard just for you, don’t let it go to waste.” Sherlock bucked back clumsily, impaling himself on John, making John grunt in pleasure and roll his head back.
“For the most part, I kept to myself. I had no interest in interacting with my fellow students. Most of them were extremely unstimulating and irksome, completely transparent. Some of them did attempt pleasantries, however they quickly discovered that such endeavours were quite foolish. It got to the point that the university was hard pressed to find an individual who would room with me; those who took up the challenge only lasted a few days at most.”
in England has courses advanced enough to keep you busy for at least a year. I bet, you could graduate with a Bachelor's in, oh, two years flat, if not sooner.”
With that there was no more talking. Sherlock saw to that. He leaned forward, resting his weight on his forearms which were planted on the bed on either side of John's face, and pushed their lips together in a commanding kiss as he began to fuck himself on John’s cock.
My photobucket crashed, so I re-did these screenshots. Hopefully they're more to you're liking than before.
“That noise… you, laughing.” John breathed in deep then sighed, “want to bottle it up. Save it forever.”
I am so sorry guys!! I wanted to get this out earlier today, but the computers at school would NOT let me connect to Ao3 (for some strange reason) and then I became severely distracted once I got home. I'm literally the person who see's a squirrel alone the side of the road and immediately stops mid sentence just to announce its presence lol
“Yeah, I feel like shit, if I'm being honest.” He cut a bit of sausage and popped it Into his mouth. His stomach instantly rolled, but he made himself swallow anyways.
. If he thinks he is intimidating me, he's got something coming to him. The only thing he is successfully doing is pissing me off.
“No, Sherlock, Uni won't, you will.” John smiled, as they made it to the pavement, deciding to walk home rather than take a cab. “You’ve made it this far on your own. I’ve been away and look at you. Clean for what.. a year? That’s pretty damn impressive.”
Checking his watch and realizing it would, in fact, be noon on base shortly John did his best to make quick work of typing up the e-mail.
“Anything for you, John. Anything. Always. Yes…” Sherlock whispered and dipped his head, capturing John's lips with him. John's tongue brushed against his bottom lip, begging for entrance and Sherlock let it in with a needy moan. Sherlock's hands found their way to John's body. One somehow managed to untuck John's jumper to stroke at John's back, while the other fisted itself in John's short hair.
“Love you…” happy and well sated John kissed Sherlock’s neck and pulled him close, feeling sleep already taking him.
“Right there, John. Jesus Christ right there! That’s it, fuck me, harder!” Sherlock had now abandoned any attempts to remain quiet, and John was enjoying himself far too much to care, instead he put whatever bit of mental clarity he had left into repeatedly aiming for Sherlock's prostate. “John! I’m going to come.” Sherlock threw himself backward, impaling himself further then his whole body shuddered and tightened around John then he went limp against the desk. John chased the last ounces of his pleasure, his fingers twisted in Sherlock’s shirt and he felt every muscle in his body tense. With one last thrust that left him buried to the hilt inside Sherlock, John let out a broken cry, came, and slumped against Sherlock on the desk, Sherlock began letting out little huffs of laughter as John pressed exhausted kisses to the back of Sherlock’s neck. It took John a moment to figure out why Sherlock was laughing, but soon his ears were able to pick up the sounds of scattered applause filtering in through the window. John groaned and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s back, which only made Sherlock laugh even harder.
“John, you made me promise the first night together that I would tell you to stop if I became uncomfortable. Have I asked yet?” Sherlock arched his eyebrows and ground his hips up against John's thigh, which was planted firmly between his legs.
“Not a family house, no. Possibly one of Mycroft's holdings, however it is more likely one of his safe houses. That would explain the cameras.”
I suppose now would be the appropriate time to answer some of your previous questions from your past letters. Most importantly, the inquiry about my Mind Palace and electronic restriction. Electronics were, and still are, my main source of communication. This was even more so when I was looking for my next “high”. I suppose the hospital staff are worried I will contact one of my past suppliers and “fall off the wagon” as it were. Considering that was how I was able to obtain my recent dosage of peaceful oblivion, pick-pocketed and relieve one of the on staff nurses of her phone, I seriously doubt I will have such a luxury bestowed upon me in the future. Personally I believe that such an accomplishment should be a negative representation of the security in this place and not my character. Such an argument was not looked upon with favour however.
His gaze slowly traveled downward until he came upon John, who had recently made his home upon the floor right outside the bedroom. John, his John. John Hamish Watson, Captain and disruption of his life was sitting on the floor as if he had done so many times before, calmly waiting for Sherlock to emerge for the day so he could be the first thing Sherlock saw. If Sherlock was honest, the idea appealed to him in ways he wasn’t sure he wanted to explore just yet.
“Not yet, sweetheart. I’m enjoying this too much.” John chuckled at Sherlock’s impatience and continued with his tortuously slow movements for a few minutes longer. It wasn't long until he could feel Sherlock loosening up around his finger and he knew it was safe to add a second.
“Mmm. I love you too. Now stand up, I want to do something.” John smiled encouragingly as Sherlock got to his feet. John then took Sherlock’s soft prick in his hand before bringing his mouth up to press a kiss to the soft head, then looked up for permission to continue. “Alright?”
“Sherlock, sweetheart?” John watched, torn between wanting to help and wanting to make it happen again.
“Seriously, I can’t look? John rolled his eyes at the over the top gesture, and stood with his hands on his hips, but finally caved when Sherlock’s plush bottom lip stuck out in a pout. “Oh, fine. Have it your way.”
“Living together, really living together, is harder than it seems, Sherlock. Your father and I, we courted for three years before getting married and moving in. During those first six months together, I told him if I found one more dirty sock stuffed under the couch cushions I would divorce him on the spot. Granted, that was all hormones, I didn’t realize I was pregnant yet…. But..” Mummy smiled and placed an arm around her youngest’s waist. “Be kind, be considerate, and most of all, just love him.”
“Right, yes.” John sprang up and grabbed his coat from where he’d hung it not five minutes ago and followed his husband who was already halfway down the stairs.
And my personal favourite - Hamburger - The arrangement of one’s testicles and shaft so it takes on the appearance of a hamburger.
"All of it, I want all of it." Sherlock shivered despite the oppressive heat, he had sweat dripping down his forehead landing in little droplets on the desk. "Please John. Every time I sit for the next week I want to remember you, remember this."
“I’m keeping these.” He smirked and balled up the pants, stuffing them under his pillow to properly pack with the rest of their things later.
“Oi, stop distracting me.” John mumbled out of the corner of his mouth, taking care not to cut the skin just under his bottom lip. “Speaking of… dressing up. Thought I might wear my dress uniform. If that’s alright.”
“I do believe he’s figured that out for himself, Mummy.” Mycroft crooned sarcastically from his corner, making a circle with his thumb and index finger of his left hand, while inserting his other index finger into the circle.
“Mmm.” John did one better than that. While waiting for the water to boil he filled the kettle and set it on the back burner to boil as well.
When they were finally called down to join the family for dinner John was more relaxed than he had been in ages. He regretfully climbed out of the tub, using the blanket try dry off. “Wait… before you…” John smiled shyly, taking Sherlock’s hand as he reached for his clothes. “After all… you did tell your mother you needed to show me your penis.”
However that said, if one of who, who keep seeing the typos, would what to beta for us, I'm sure blood would appreciate the help just as much as I would.
“Just toast for me.” Mumbling around his toothbrush and going beat red when a glob of toothpaste dribbled out of his mouth and down his chin.
. Sherlock’s fingers reaching up to pull a mug of tea off the tray was enough to pull him from the vision.
“Mm neither am I.” John smiled, then sensing that the mood had shifted back, began his tortuously slow kissing again. “Should we practice? Just in case?”
Manip used by permisson from http://watsonsdick.tumblr.com/post/41022296012/halianfromplanetzork-sherlock-found-some
3) Theoretically, we should be on schedule going forward however I'm going to make a little notation here:
“And boring..” John agreed and hastily finished the last of his toast before draining his mug of tea in one go. “But I have a few books, and we didn’t get much sleep last night. I’m sure I’ll sleep a bit.”
With that, Sherlock hung up and tossed his phone down onto his chair. It took Sherlock all of five minutes to find the rest of the cameras, then approximately ten seconds to destroy all of them.
“Not a kind man,” Sherlock growled out, finally opening his eyes. “I want him off that base before you return.”
“Yes, Mummy.” John nodded towards his and Sherlock’s bags that were sitting next to the door and grinned. “We’ve got everything.”
“Oh, thank you, Lock. That's all I ask.” She stood, nodding to herself in a pleased sort of way, happy with the progress they'd made so far and went to fill the kettle. “Be a dear, and tell your father lunch is ready? I think we’ll take it out in the back garden.”
“Afifah’s children. They’re of mixed race! Look, see here…” he pointed to a picture of a woman, Afifah, and two small children, one boy one girl. While tan, incredibly so, they were slightly whiter than their mother
“Dunno… Should we pop a movie in?” John placed his hands over Sherlock’s feet and absentmindedly began massaging the balls of Sherlock’s feet.
“Please, John? For me?” Sherlock whined and it was only then that John noticed he was already pulling at his dick.
“No, I’m going to finger fuck you, miss your prostate with every stroke, pleasuring you just enough to get that cock of yours hard. Then I’m going to wash myself and leave you here panting, then we’ll go out. Oh, I’ll also probably come on your back while we’re in here. No sense wasting an erection on my part.”
“I promise I'll do everything in my power to come back to you.” John whispered as he acknowledged the dangers he was about to face.
At John’s remark, Sherlock’s mischievous aura spread from his gaze to his entire countenance. “Don't be dramatic, John, you’ll hardly need reminding once you see his smug round face.”
“God…You’re gorgeous…” John kissed Sherlock’s hip as he reached his left hand between his own legs and took himself in hand. His hand was slick, both from his saliva and Sherlock’s come, and he was extremely hard. He was honestly surprised that he hadn’t come off when Sherlock had, stimulation or no. It took less than a dozen strokes before he was moaning Sherlock’s name and adding his own come to the mess on both Sherlock and the sheets below. He then collapsed onto the bed itself and, thankfully, not directly onto the man below him. John then somehow managed to drape his exhausted limbs over Sherlock’s body, holding him close as they both lay there panting and trying to catch their breath.
Sherlock’s limbs flailed, almost comically, as he pushed himself up off the bed. He glared at John’s retreating backside, silently hoping that his heated stare would either convince John to come back to bed or, more preferable, cause the tube in John’s hand to spontaneously combust. Of course neither desire took place, which left Sherlock even more irritated. With a dramatic sigh, as if moving in itself personally offended him in some way, Sherlock removed himself from the confines of their bed and dramatically barged into the bathroom to join his husband.
"Sherlock," John paused at Sherlock's words and pulled away slightly. "I'm not going to hurt you, if that's what you mean. I don't mind stretching you open, but I refuse to hurt you."
“Hold him.” Sherlock said, taking the phone from John. “Do not talk to him, or let anyone else talk to him for that matter. I’ll have a list of questions to ask him by noon your time.”
“I didn’t know how to handle my emotions, John. That being said, it was not, nor will ever be, your fault. I made my choice, and it' not like you were there whispering over my shoulder to stick the needle into my arm.”
Also, any misspellings in John's email(s) are intentional. Something for Sherlock to pick at later lol
Still, I wish I had insisted we spend Christmas together. That would have been much more enjoyable than listening to bombs going off in the distance. I don't even know how I could phone you… Mycroft never gave me his mobile number, so outside of rehab, I don't know how to contact you. I’m also unable to put this in the mail just yet, as the local post office has been bombed, and it isn't safe for me to wander very far. I'll save it though, and mail it out as soon as I'm able.
Sherlock stopped for a moment in shock, that sounded like Sally Donovan. But in all the years Sherlock had known her he’d never heard or seen the woman cry or beg for anything. It seemed utterly out of character for the usually stoic and proud, even if often annoying, woman. The desperate sobbing picked up once again and Sherlock quickly pulled out of his shocked state and followed the sound in a run the last of the way. The sounds let him to stand in front of the Yard’s supply room, it was clear it came from behind the door. Sherlock pulled at the handle testing, finding it locked as he suspected before calling out;
“Oof.. Off.. Get away from me..” He forced out as loudly as he could, but just barely managing a whisper pushing and swatting away at the figure before him.
This comment clearly baffled Donovan and Anderson as both their heads turned bright red in embarrassment.
Despite his condition Sherlock had enough wit about him to understand John’s worried whisper and suddenly grasped the doctor tight to him. While he struggled slightly to form the words the desperation and slight panic underneath was plain to hear. “I..I’m sorry John.. I di.. Didn’t want.. Didn’t mean to.. I’m not high.. He made me.. Drugged me.. I’m so s-sorry.. I love you... Please, believe me..” Sherlock all but begged as he looked up at John with big pleading eyes, pupils blown wide from the drug he’d been slipped.
Mrs. Hudson smiled wider in a motherly fashion. “Not a thing dear! Dear Sherlock have been so sweet, helping me out all day. Hoovering, doing the dishes, shopping, made us lunch and baked. It’s really been an immense help.”
"Rough day John?" Sherlock stated more than asked his boyfriend, careful to let his sincere and fair mix of worry and compassion show in both his face and his voice (as John had explained him that such feelings weren't always truthful if merely stated without the genuine aid of facial expression and voice pitch) as John buried his face into Sherlock’s neck, inhaling his cologne and wrapped his hands tightly around the taller man.
“What?! It was the only one Mrs. Hudson had left! This is an Armani shirt John, I’m not going to sacrifice it just for the sake of making you a hot meal!” Sherlock tried to defend himself, but still not able to suppress the flush of embarrassment to spread to his ears and down his neck.
Sherlock and Lestrade re-entered the room where the recent ordeal had just taken place. Many people walked up to ask if John was alright wanting to know what had happened.
John weaved off the praise. “I’m a doctor, I only did what I’ve been trained to do. Nothing special really.” He said dismissively.
“If I ever hear you talk about John or Sherlock that disrespectfully again I can assure you there’s a lot more where that came from.” The DI growled dangerously.
"Look at you, you're shaking like a leaf, we need to get you warm right now or you'll just catch death."
“My bad.. Guess you had an idea after all..” John sighed followed by a low moan as Sherlock hit a tender spot right under his shoulder blade.
Sherlock made to run over and help him, but before he even got close John voice cut through the air;
“Greg listen it’s fine.. I just want to be alone for a bit alright?” John started as he neared the door. In a swift motion he unlocked the door, intending to send the DI off with a fake smile of reassurance, which he had mastered ages ago, but hoped he’d never needed to use again.
“I thought things were finally getting better with your new family Charlie. You told me last week you were finally feeling more at ease at home. That you were willing to start to make more of an effort to stay out of trouble so you could stay.” Dexter chimed in, still standing right behind Sherlock.
“Oh my God.. What a relief! I was so sure something terrible had happened. Guess I should’ve known. You aren’t exactly the crying type. You must think I’m an idiot.” John laughed, just so reified that it was all just a big misunderstanding on his part.
Charlie was back in bed at home. Mrs. Hadley had fallen asleep next to him in his bed, reluctant to let go of him after the scare he’d given them that night. She had her arm draped protectively across his body on top of his covers. Up until now he’d never have allowed for such acts of kindness, but he right now he didn’t mind. He realized now he’d spent so many years in his past to protect himself from disappointment and hurt, that he’d never let anyone too close to his heart. But Mr. and Mrs. Hadley had treated him differently from the first day he’d been placed into their care. They were patient and loving, even when he’d lashed out. They’d been able to see past his exterior shell, even when he’d refused to acknowledge their act of love and kindness as genuine. Now that Sherlock had opened his eyes he could finally be honest with himself and accept what he’d refused to believe for so long. That he was worthy of love and the Hadleys, mom and dad he should probably get used to caaling them (he smiled at the thought), wanted him to be their legally son! For the first time in his life that he could remember he felt warm and loved and if it hadn’t been for Sherlock Holmes, this night would  have ended much differently and he’d never stop being grateful to the detective for saving his life to return home to his familily.
Sally looked at him with big eyes. She turned her head back down and sniffed before looking up again, some of her usual posture returning to her again. “Thank you..” She said simply. Her voice was a little rough from her crying and screaming, but both her voice and eyes were sincere with gratitude.
“Thank you doctor, you being here probably saved this boy.” One of the paramedics said. “We’ll take him to the hospital for observation and further examination.”
Molly still looked a bit droopy, but still offered what to Sherlock looked to be a sincere smile. “I know.. I see how you two look at each other and it’s clear you belong together. But I guess I was still selfishly hoping you’d suddenly by some miracle realise I was the one. I appreciate your honestly though, it’s more than you’ve ever offered me in the past. He’s good for you, John, you really are more considerate and happy than ever and I see that now. I know I can count you Sherlock and of course you can count on me too. You and John both.”
Charlie huffed a bit in dismay by the mention of John, but looked to be reflecting over this new information.
But Lestrade clearly wasn’t having any of it as the man growled fiercely and forcefully gripped the labels of Sherlock’s coat before slamming him against the wall, hard enough to knock the breath momentarily out of the detective.
“Woah buddy!” Christian exclaimed and caught the detective easily in his huge arms. “I think you’d had enough for one night, we better get you home don’t you think?”
“Another case solved, good job Sherlock” Lestrade said and patted the consulting detective approvingly on the shoulder.
Greg huffed out a half laugh and shrugged slightly. “Damn, am I that obvious?” He muttered and took another swig of his beer.
“Of course! It’ll be great to teach a bit again and I get to have a workout buddy for a time. I see no downside.” John said passionately.
John smiled softly, finding no point in denying the exhaustion and sleepiness he indeed was feeling.
“That’s no good! The fastest route won’t allow us nearly enough cover to make it through. You saw the angle the bullet hit! This is a Russian KGB trained sniper, he’s clearly shooting down at us from higher ground, probably the walkways hanging along the outer wall above us. You can be damn sure he’s equipped with top of the line night vision googles, which means his visual is far superior to ours. Now if we want to make it we must move silently and fast from cover to cover! Understand?” John whispered in a calm, but demanding voice that left no room for questions. His military training allowing him to stay calm. Still he really wished he had had his browning right about now.
Newly arrived American officer Ethan Davis is soon to realize that disrespecting and insulting John Watson is the worst mistake he have ever made in his life.
“I’m impressed John. Your deductions skills are no doubt improving. Then again, your years as a doctor and caretaker, combined with your compassionate nature and want to always help and protect the people around you are obviously a big factor in your observational preciseness in this case.” Sherlock murmured softly in answer.
John was just about to make another comment when the sound of quickly approaching footsteps and an unmistakably voice came up from behind them.
But before she even had the chance to get up Sherlock had already picked her up in his arms, pulling a startled ‘oh!’ from his landlady, and carried her the rest of the way to the couch. Even though he didn’t have John’s upper body strength he found it worryingly easy to lift her frail body. Sherlock mentally berated John and Mrs. Hudson for always nagging him to eat more when clearly, she needed to follow the advice more than he did.
“Alright, just a few minutes though.” He mumbled, already feeling himself getting dragged under, the lack of sleep and the stressful day really taking its tool by now.
Sherlock took a deep breath and placed a hand gently on Molly’s forearm, making the pathologist look back up at him. “Listen Molly. I know I haven’t always treated you as well as I should have. I’ve been dismissive and manipulative in the past. Back then I didn’t think much about what consequences my actions would have on you and I’m sorry and ashamed of how I acted. But.. I
John was actually rather amazed at just how excited Sherlock was for tonight. Sherlock, who was often perceived as a man with little feeling and lacking interest in anything except murder, chemistry and puzzles (and John of course), had practically bounced around the entire flat with eagerness to get ready. John often prided himself with being one of the few who ever got to see the passionate sides of Sherlock’s personality and there was no doubt when you listened to the brilliant detective playing his violin, that music was one of his greatest passions.
Curious and maybe even a bit more worried than before, John quickly made his way up the stairs with the bags and struggled a bit with the door on the top, which also for some reason had been closed. When he finally succeeded in turning the handle and opening the door he was immediately greeted by a soothing warmth coming from the burning fireplace as well as an overwhelming delicious odour flowing from the kitchen and as he looked around he found to his surprise and delight that the entire flat was neat and particularly spotless! John couldn't help but pinch himself just to check if he was really awake.
“They? Who are they?” John asked as he felt his body rapidly slipping into its soldier mode, trying to recall the layout of the room and planning the fastest escape routes.
John suppressed a wince as Ethan clenched his hand as tightly as he could, like Ethan wanted to assert a certain dominance over him with that simple gesture. John didn’t falter though, his expression and voice cool as ever. “Likewise.” He said without really meaning it. John prided himself with being a good judge of character and he had the feeling he wasn’t going to like this man very much.
Sherlock nodded. “I am now.” He answered before he fitted the DI with a serious look. “And I want to thank you. John told me what you did, in that alley. You made him confess to his actions and what he’d drugged me with. It might have saved my life.” He said, his voice sincere and grateful.
If John willingly admitted his need for painkillers Sherlock and Greg knew it was more than just bad.
John huffed out a small laugh. “Really? Then why are we always either living off take away, my awful cooking or Mrs. Hudson’s generous late dinners if you’re such a culinary genius, love?”
“Earth to weirdo! It’s not like you did all the work yourself and yet you always take all the credit, don’t you?” The dark haired man said with venom in his voice.
“Wow, that a freaking wuss that guy is.” A voice exclaimed loudly in the room. Immediately everyone turned to their new colleague on the force, Ethan Davis, who stood leaned up against a wall with his arms crossed and a smug, taunting smile on his face. Sherlock, for once, felt completely dumbstruck at the absolute and utterly horrendous accusation that vile man had just dared to say out loud.
“I’m hardly amazing in every way John, I’ve been told several times that my social skills apparently are lacking in numerous aspects – I still don’t see why it was needed for everybody to make such a big fuss when I confronted Mr. Robertson about clearly having an affair with the family’s au pair yesterday.”
“I already did Mr. Watson.” Charlie spoke up from behind them all. The boy had kept his distance to not get in the way. “I nicked Miss. Donovan’s phone earlier to make the call when I thought she was just going to hold me up to call for help. Sorry.” He said and offered Sally her phone back. “But it’s on its’ way, I promise.” Just as Charlie finished his sentence, sirens could be heard in the distance. “Good lad Charlie.” John praised before turning back to Sherlock, keeping track of his vitals until the paramedics would arrive.
Sherlock knew how hard it was for John every time he would lose a patient, especially when the death is a result of being in the wrong place at the wrong time, because some psychopath decides to take destiny into his own hands.. And worse of all is when John loses a child.. It’s by far the worst experience to have ever overcome the poor doctor; a child, who’ve barely had the chance to live, and then see the life of this innocent being slip right through one’s hands.. It’s a feeling you’ll never grow accustomed to..
“Where the hell is the evidence list for the Johnson case?! It should be on my desk by now, this is unacceptable!!” Sally shouted out from the doorway of her (well technically Lestrade’s) office, sending a wide glare all throughout the room.
Just as that last thought had crossed John's mind he heard the front door slamming shut. Grinning from Sherlock's excellent timing John got up to pour an extra cuppa to his boyfriend as he heard the heavy trots coming up the stairs. He was pouring the hot water in the kitchen when the door to the flat was opened and gently closed again.
Sherlock turned on the light on his cell phone to better light their way. “Any idea what set him off?” He asked.
“Mr. Holmes, I’m so sorry to disturb you this late at night but I didn’t know where else to go.” The boy rattled off quickly. He was shivering from the London chill, his eyes were large and vivid and his redblonde hair a dishevelled mess on top of his head.
Greg sat back with a broad smile. He really looked forward to this arrangement with John. He had a feeling it’d do him a world of good.
Sherlock tried to stand up, tried to get away but his body didn’t feel like his own and he stumbled the second he got to his feet.
John finished his heaving and panted in exhaustion, but still managed to stammer out through clattering teeth. “I’m f-fine.. I’m not hit.. I g-got him before he got m-me.. Really..”
“His name is Sherlock Holmes! And if we don’t hurry that giant man is gonna get away now PLEASE! Call some of your police friends and follow me, before he hurts him!” The boy begged once again, already moving to drag Sally along with him to the scene.
With that settled John let go of the still scared man, sending them both a last warningly death glare as they stumbled back down the hallway, mumbling angrily as they went.
fine! Otherwise I wouldn’t have found you on the floor like that! I don’t care about tea I care about
“This way Mr. Holmes.” Dexter eagerly led on, half running towards the old rundown building, clearly worried about his young ward.
Sherlock found himself wondering if one’s chest could actually explode from guilt and sadness. Scientifically it sounded highly improbable, but to Sherlock it was starting to feel as though that was a very real and likely probability.
Sherlock and John stood and spoke of the details of the case and John told of his meeting with Dimmock and his son. But the peace got an abrupt end as a female officer sprinted across the room to reach them, clearly with great urgency.
“Don’t. You. Fucking. Touch. Him. You. BASTARD!!” John roared after each punch. The man tried to pry him off desperately, grunting in pain as each punch landed, but John had him trapped helplessly under him.
Greg was about to deny that statement when suddenly both his and John’s phones chimed at the same time, indicating they’d both received a text message. They pulled out their phones, both already knowing who’d be from.
Sherlock blinked a few times before fully coming back to reality. He quickly opened the attached flies with instructions that had been mentioned and read through them before finally speaking; “Right.. While the man who held the camera is clearly in charge, the two on here are clearly both mere footsoldiers in a larger hierarchy. They’re obviously following orders and instructions themselves. The puppetmasters of the organisation having done this in the hopes it’ll protect themselves from being recognized or caught if their plan doesn’t work. This was their first mistake though. The two men on here are careless and arrogant and they revealed a great deal of clues of their proximate location. This is good, however..” Sherlock hesitated.
“Only because I’ve allowed it, believe me I can easily make it much harder on you.” John said in a very calm and low voice, that somehow just made his statement even more unnerving.
The cameraman spoke once again. “You see that dear Scotland Yard? If our full stock isn’t returned to us within the next 48 hours as instructed we will release your DI, but it will be piece by piece.”
Sherlock couldn’t help the twinge in his chest at his landlady’s words. It was true, in the years Sherlock had lived upstairs for Mrs. Hudson she’d always taken care of everything on her own. Not only her own needs and chores, but the ones of Sherlock’s as well. Whenever he and John worked long cases she’d always put out dinner for when they got home, that Sherlock would eat completely absentminded. She dusted off their shelves and bookcases at least once a week. She even washed Sherlock’s clothes whenever he got difficult stains as blood, mud or glass on them because she knew, despite his genius, that he’d never get them clean himself and sooner just toss out his expensive Armani shirt than try for himself. John helped of course, often doing the shopping for her on his way home from the surgery or take out the heavy bins to the curb on trash day. Sherlock however have never aided in any domestic keeping. And worse, the detective realised, he never expressed any thanks whenever Mrs. Hudson did these little deeds. He’d just come to expect them as part of his daily life. Despite Mrs. Hudson’s many claims of not being a housekeeper that was exactly how Sherlock had treated her for far too long.
The woman placed herself in front of a computer screen and gestured John to sit at a guest chair in the corner. Unfortunately, before John were able to sit himself down his phone started chiming loudly in his pocket.
“Yeah no kidding.” John said. He couldn’t help but cast another glance at the tall man beside Greg. He still hadn’t said a word, but had been eyeing John silently for some time now. John turned towards him in an open stance. “I’m sorry, I don’t think we’ve met before.” He said and reached out a hand in polite greeting.
“Mrs. Hudson the sauce is boiling, should I add the cream now? Oh.. John.. Hello, welcome home.” Sherlock said a bit bewildered since he had actually been so engaged in this cooking ordeal that he hadn't even registered John’s arrival. His curly hair was slightly ruffled and he had a bit of flour on his right cheek, but that wasn't the reason as to why John Watson immediately broke into a laughing fit so intense that he had to take to his sides and bend forward from laughing so hard when he saw Sherlock’s appearance.
Charlie kept wiping away his tears angrily with his hands, but to little avail as they just kept on coming now that he’d allowed the first ones to escape. “I heard them. They thought I was asleep, but I had snuck down in the kitchen to find a snack when I heard them talking in the livingroom. Maggie said ‘maybe we should just tell him now’ and Rob said ‘we better wait until we have the papers and details settled so we know it’ll be final, I have a meeting with his caseworker on Wednesday’. So there it is! They’re arranging for my caseworker to find me another family, it’s how it is every time!!” Suddenly Charlie went completely still except for the tears still rolling now more freely down his face and slowly turned towards the edge of the roof, as if he’d had a sudden realization.
Very slowly and silently he peaked out from behind his hiding place and snuck his way along one of the walls. It was dark but his eyes had adjusted pretty well to the gloom. As the sounds grew louder he saw a freakishly tall man, who was half carrying half dragging another man, who was much more slender and dressed only in dress pants and a white shirt, almost as far down the ally as they could get.
While Dimmock talked, John allowed his eyes to roam over the boy’s features in a non-intrusive examination. The detective’s explanation made sense to John. Of course, he couldn’t conclude anything since he hadn’t done a full examination like the other doctor, but the symptoms seemed to match that of an infection. John reached out one of his hands to the boy.
“Mycroft owed me a favour after that last royal scandal I helped him to keep under the radar. I figured this would be an appropriate time to make use of it.” Sherlock confirmed with a smile, knowing from the way John looked at him how much the gesture meant to the man.
“She insisted on it, wouldn’t take no for an answer. While I wasn’t allowed inside myself, I watched her interrogate the him, man you should have seen her! She practically had the big guy sobbing out his confession at the end.” Lestrade informed, noticeably recalling the event with glee. “She told me to wish you well by the way.”
“And John would miss you too. I know you don’t like him much but he worries about you more than you think. He once told me you’d make a great soldier. He said you’re the most courageous child he’s ever met, having been through so much and still be able to hold your chin so high. He knows you’re going to grow up and do great things in your life.”
And with that the atmosphere in the room lifted once again. Mrs. Hudson brought up the lukewarm scones and John made another pot of tea to go around the room. Sherlock sat there, tea in his hands. Just a few years back he’d never dared to dream he’d ever be blessed or deserving enough to be surrounded by friends and loved ones like this. But at this moment he felt more loved and protected than he’d ever done in his entire life and he knew no matter what might happen in the future, he would be surrounded by people who’d fight to keep him safe and happy, as much as he would them.
John made his way up to the bar, ready to set his plan into motion. He walked right up to the brown-haired woman and sat down next to her, turning towards her invitingly. It worked as he looked up from her drink to see who’d joined her. John deliberately led his eyes slide hungrily up and down the woman’s body.
“First of all, that is not a ‘thing’ John, it’s a human heart. I would honestly have thought that you, as a man of high medical education, would be able to tell at least that much. Secondly, it’s an experiment.”  Sherlock said in a matter of fact voice before returning his focus back to his phone, signaling that there was no more to talk about.
“Seriously Sherlock?! Are you just going to sit there and sulk the rest of the evening and pretend I’m not here?!” John pinched the bridge of his nose, willing himself to calm down a bit.
“Yeah, the housekeeper comes in every other day and noticed the door to this room was locked from the inside. She found that odd as it had never even been closed in her 20 years of service. When she couldn’t locate Mrs. Chester she called the police. A locksmith was called to open the door and this was the scene we were greeted with.” Greg scratched the nape of his neck. “None of the windows in here can be opened. Only the two skylights above can, but only a crack to let in some air. Mrs. Chester was, apparently afraid of buglers and even had the windows installed with reinforced glass and top of the line alarm system. So, it’s a mystery alright.” The DI explained, clearly confused by the whole situation.
"I love you too.. So much John.. So much..." The detective mumbled into the chest in front of him. He had never thought he would hear anyone utter those words to him.. People always called him a freak, queer and unloveble.. But John had said it and meant it.. John loved him.. And he loved John.
Sally shot daggers at the man with her eyes. “Spare me your idiocy Jackson.” (oh God, she was starting to sound like Sherlock wasn’t she?) “The point is I won’t tolerate this kind of preschool behaviour in the workplace!” She hissed angrily.
John opened the door pleased to see that a warm fire was already burning brightly in the fireplace. It was almost the only light to fill the space except from a few table lamps across the room. Perfect John thought to himself and quickly shrugged off his wet jacket. The only other light in the flat came from the kitchen where soft noises were coming from. John smiled as he started to unwind his shoelaces.
“Sherlock? Sherlock my boy is that really you?” André exclaimed, still with that hint of disbelief in his voice as he got closer, his arms already spreading in preparations for a hug.
Sherlock was completely awestruck. “Molly, this is amazing!!” He exclaimed. “You have to tell me your process. Do you need any help with the final developments? This needs to be produced to the whole population! It’s absolutely genius!” Sherlock was amazed. Such an invention wouldn’t just help him, but so many others. He felt honoured Molly had been inspired by him to create such a great product and he wanted to help get it on the public market as fast as possible. This would definitely make him feel a lot safer when going out again. He was sure he’d never spend a day not wearing the polish, this would be so helpful in so many ways!
John blinked a few times and huffed out. “Our.. Our companionship? You mean how long since we found out our love for each other went beyond friendship and started dating?” He tried to clarify.
The men shared a quick look and a smile before one of them replied, the name on his desk said his name was Robertson. “Ah sorry mate, you just missed her. Don’t think she’ll be back for a while.” He smirked.
“Afternoon gentlemen, would either of you happen to know where I can find Sally Donovan?” He asked politely.
Sherlock’s smile stayed in place and the detective held his own hands on the elbows of the shorter man, staying in contact as he answered.
The giant man was huffing slightly with the effort. “Damn, for such a skinny bloke you sure are heavy.”
“Well, your captain authority doesn’t work with everything as well as it does with me.” Sherlock said in that sinful deep voice of his as he finished tying a perfect knot around his doctor’s neck.
“You’re doing great buddy, keep it up.” John said reassuringly and rubbed the boy’s thin arms in a comforting way. As he looked closer it was clear to see the kid’s throat were swollen, this no doubt being the cause of his respiratory difficulties. John thought back to Dimmock’s quick resume of Daniel’s illness. A theory came to mind, but he couldn’t be sure until he got some more information. The Doctor turned slightly to look back up at Dimmock who’d moved himself a bit to the side to give John some room. His eyes and face portraying fear and worry from experiencing his dear boy in this situation.
“Alright mate, I’ll just pop off then. You’ve got my number so don’t hesitate to call if needed, alright?”
“André.” Sherlock said as in confirmation, his own arms spreading to accept the incoming hug. Another thing John had never seen his lover accept from anyone else but him.
Greg panted in exhaustion. He bent forward and rested his hands on his knees. John and he had just completed their weekly 5 miles run in Regents park. Since John’s proposal to train with Greg they’d kept, almost religiously, to a weekly training program John had made. They’d meet at the gym at least three or four times weekly, depending on how much time cases would take up. A usual workout would consist of half an hour of strength training followed by about an hour or an hour and a half of combat training. John would start out with showing him various techniques and grips to either attack or defend in different situations. He’d start up slow and let Greg copy the moves on him in the same tempo, then gradually they’d speed things up until the movements would be smooth and fast.
The detective made up his mind then and there. “You’ll do no such thing. You’ll return home and get some rest, the department can survive half a day without you.”
“Late afternoon you then had to complete extra paperwork due to your extra increase in patients, which must have been about the time your headache began.”Sherlock ran his hand gently through the sand blonde hair, gently pressure at his fingertips, causing John to sigh pleasantly.
“I swear to you Greg it was the seize of freaking Shelob from lord of the rings! You’d have shrieked to mate!” John justified intensely, which only resulted in another weave of laughter to overtake the crowd.
“What?! Tell me your kidd..” But once again John was abruptly interrupted when he spotted a red laser dot dancing on Mycroft’s forehead.
John had just placed two fresh steaming cuppas on the table as he felt two long, lanky arms dressed in a blue gown enveloping him from behind and a soft pair of warm lips kissing his neck gently.
It works apparently, because Molly finally manage to break out a small smile. “That’s.. Really nice of you Sherlock.. That’d be lovely.. Thank you.” She says in a small voice.
SO It’s finally here!! The last chapter!! I really hope you like it!! At first I was afraid it’d be too short but BOY was I wrong! 19 freaking pages I wrote to make this chapter, it just took a whole life on it’s own! I’m really happy about some parts and not so happy about others. It really wasn’t my intention that John would fill so much in this chapter, since it wasn’t supposed to be about John and Sherlock’s relationship, but it was hard not to have him involved in most of the chapter. I mean, his boyfriend was drugged and attempted raped, I needed to let John have his vengeance after all!
“Do you want some tea? I could put the kettle on and maybe lit up the fireplace before I hit the shower.” John offered. Sherlock’s clothes and hair was damp as well. He may not be showing it, but John knew he had to be feeling cold as well.
“Mrs. Hudson!!!” Sherlock exclaims as he drops to his knees besides the old woman. A small weave of relief washes over him, as the second he gently cradles her head in support his landlady is already coming to, eyes blinking open with confusion as she sees Sherlock’s worried face looking down on her.
“No.. No more.. You’ve made your point very clear already.. I.. I didn’t know you felt that way.. I’ll just.. Go then…” John muttered, his voice filled with so much pain, hurt and heartbreak that Sherlock wished so dearly to just go back 10 minutes in time and plant a solid fist to his past self’s cheek before ever uttering those horrid things. Why had he ever said those things to begin with? He couldn’t even remember now as his mind desperately tried to come up with a plan to stop John from leaving. It would be to late soon as John turned around, not even reaching for his jacket, and made his way towards the stairs. He didn’t get too far though as it didn’t take more than a few steps before his one leg gave out on him since he didn’t have his cane to lean on and he stumbled slightly.
“Yes, but what about the internet.” Mummy asked, clearly not pleased with the change in subject. “Sherlock, will you help me buy the internet?”
Stepping out into the main area of the cottage, Sherlock was assaulted by a most intriguing sound. At first, he was worried that someone had broken in, or worse, Mycroft had actually decided to set up an actual dinner with their family. Following the unfamiliar noise to the kitchen, Sherlock was astounded to not only see John already in the process of cooking, but also to discover that the mysterious noise he was hearing was coming straight from John.
Sherlock quickly turned around to face his boyfriend, intend on apologizing profoundly so that John would forgive him and they could sit down with a cuppa together and forget this dreadful evening once and for all.
Ethan Davis was sitting at his desk, silently brewing with rage over the day’s earlier events and how his ass had been so humiliatingly handed to him. How could he have known that puny doctor was so damn popular on the force? He’d seen today’s case as a chance to promote himself as being the strong and dependant officer on the force and saw the doctor’s episode as a mean to make himself look even better by contrast. But he hadn’t known the man’s injury was so serious. He’d just guessed it would be comparable to when he was shot himself. He’d expected that his own story of being shot on duty and he being a proper man about it, would’ve made him the centre of attention and admiration. No one was supposed to know he’d only suffered a flesh wound from that episode. That wasn’t lying, it was just.. Half a truth. But then that bloody detective had somehow seen right through him and totally exposed him, making him look like a jackass. That wasn’t at all how he’d planned today’s event to pan out. This sucked!
Anthea came over to stand at Mycroft’s side. “We should get you home too sir. You’ve had a trying night.” She said.
Sherlock struggled to find the words and looked down to his shoes. He dearly hoped John wasn’t too angry with him. He knew the doctor profoundly hated it when Sherlock occasionally wouldn’t be completely honest with him and John had clearly been looking forward to this night in a long time. Maybe now he felt like Sherlock had spoiled it all with his stupid sentimentality to his old teacher and friend.
“What the bloody hell happened? I’m gone for 15 minutes and you guys are nowhere to be found and the whole division is fretting. What did I miss?”
The detective ended the long piece with one final drawnout note and carefully placed his instrument back into its’ protective casing. His head always felt clearer after playing his heart out. His musings had now resulted in a sudden urge to join his doctor in bed. However, he didn’t get the chance to proceed on his want as a soft, but determined knock sounded at the door. He hadn’t heard the ascending steps on account of being so thoroughly engulfed in his playing, but at once his mind started deducing;
Tonight, however Greg didn’t say much and at times looked to be deep in thought, another sign that something was troubling the man, as Lestrade always put his friends as his highest priority when together. All these observations lead John to clear his throat and lean minutely closer to his friend, his arms open and leaning with his elbows on the table, to show Greg he was there and listening before asking his next question. “Are you alright Greg? You seem a bit..” John chewed his lip a moment, searching for the right word. “Distracted.” He finished tentatively.
John returned his attention to Daniel who still tried to take as calm breaths as possible, but it was clear it was getting harder and harder for him. The poor boy looked at John with big fearful eyes, clearly fighting to hold back tears. John felt his chest constrict with sympathy, the poor thing was understandably very scared. He didn’t allow his worry to show though. He was a doctor and a professional. He had to be the voice of reason while everybody else acted in panic and fear, which was the last thing Daniel needed at this moment.
“Everything! Everything is wrong! How can Frodo just send Sam away like that John? After everything they’ve been through?!” Sherlock cries out, his hands leaving his hair to gesture wildly at the screen. The scene had passed and moved on to the soldiers of Minas Tirith moving out to take back Osgiliath.
John sat on the hotel’s bed. This unfamiliar bed, that had held so many strangers, but still smelled of nothing particularly. John’s bed had used to be like that right after he’d returned from service in Afghanistan, but that had mostly been because he had hardly slept in it. Too many nightmares.. But all that had changed after meeting Sherlock. Now John’s bed smelled as a wonderful mix of washed sheets, cologne, earth, a hint of chemicals, shaving cream and expensive shampoo. All the mixed scents of Sherlock and John contained in that small shared space. John couldn’t help but let out a small sigh of frustration and sadness as he realized he wasn’t going to get any sleep this night. This bed was all wrong and worst of all it completely lacked the warm comforting feeling of having a warm slim body to wrap his arms around as he had grown so accustomed to.
This pattern continued. John made sure to alternate how long they’d stay behind each cover so the man wouldn’t detect a pattern that’d make it easier to time his shots. They were almost at the emergency exit now. John and Mycroft leaned against the cold steel of the assembly line they were hiding behind. Both men were panting form exhaustion, Mycroft more so than John.
John handed Daniel over to his father, the young boy’s sobs continuing, but making the shift to his daddy easily and wrapped his arms around him instead. Dimmock looked at John with a sea of gratitude.
He could feel the heat get to him down in this more crowed area of the pup. He’d left his blazer draped across the back of his chair upstairs, leaving him only in his crisp, white dress shirt, but still finding the air down here a bit to stifling for it to be comfortable. The top button of his shirt was already undone when he came in, but he undid another and then unbuttoned his shirt cuffs so he could roll up his sleeves up above both his elbows, leaving his pale forearms bare. It was then he noticed a tall, broad man with light brown hair, dressed in a plain black t-shirt and darkblue jeans who was seated on a barstool a little to his left watching him intensely, just as he’d finished with his last sleeve. The man offered him a crooked smile as Sherlock met his gaze and moved his chair a bit closer to the detective before he opened his mouth.
The cameraman zoomed back out to show the whole scene once again. “Now this is what’s going to happen. I want you to tell your sweet colleagues watching right now, that they need to deliver every single gram of cocaine back by following the attached instructions that come with this disk, to the
