‘HYDRA has him!’ Bucky roars. ‘I’m not going to sit back and stick to the Accords and let them do to him what they did to me.’
Thank you so much for all the wonderful comments, please do keep letting me know what you think about the story, I do love to hear your thoughts.
She laughs and shakes her head. ‘No Steve being really confused about you is hilarious. Do you think you can keep to the deadline?’
They’re interrupted by a tall blonde woman, looking very apologetic. ‘I’m really sorry to interrupt,’ she says looking at Peter. ‘I was wondering if you could help my friend? He needs to go to the bathroom but will need help finding it. He’s blind.’
make that call kid, when it’s the only option you have; when there’s no one else to do it, and there is the certainty of everyone you’re doing it for to survive. Otherwise it’s
If he wasn’t so pissed off he’d find the expressions on everyone’s faces pretty hilarious right now.
‘Come on let’s get you guys to the car,’ Sam says, putting an arm around Peter’s shoulders and pulling the boy to his feet. ‘You want a ride home?’ he asks Ned.
‘Well Tony already tried talking him down and got smacked with a log. So if you think you can do better be my guest,’ he grumbles.
‘Trust me, baby,’ he laughs, starting to help Steve get out of his shoes and then his pants, ‘I’m going to make sure you are reminding everyone of this for the next few
‘Pete…you sure about this?’ Steve asks. He’s not asking if they can manage it, Steve knows Peter could jump up to the bars right now if he chose to use his full abilities. He’s asking if he’s sure about potentially revealing some of his strength in catching Steve when he jumps. Peter also knows Steve would happily face the mud rather than risk his exposure if he decided that’s what he wanted.
Bucky glances at him before moving towards Peter and taking him by the shoulder, leading him back towards the couches. ‘So kid you’re going to have to teach that move you pulled on Steve back in Berlin. I haven’t seen him taken out like that since we were teenagers and he was the weedy kid getting beaten up in back alleys. Problem is he’s now the guy who’s three times the size of everyone now and he’s getting too big for his boots.’
‘Fine,’ he mock-huffs, holding his hands up in surrender. ‘You do realise she’ll get to the bottom of it eventually though right?’
Looking down he realises he has an answer. ‘I guess because it reminds me I’m alive. If the light was on I was alive and I’d stay that way. After Obi and New York it was comforting having that reminder. And when I’d wake up after a nightmare all I had to do was look down and see the light and know none of the dream was real anymore, I’d come through it all. Now, when I wake in the middle of the night that’s gone. Sometimes I hate that it’s gone and I almost wish I could put it back; and other times I just want to throw all of them onto a fire and watch them burn.’
he muses as he sets about tying the leader up securely. He’s got a score to settle with this guy once he’s back at the facility.
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you've all stopped panicking now after last week's sneak peek that I think had people convinced Peter was going to end up dead. Sorry I know that was mean of me to choose that bit as the peek. I've got a double update this week, so head on over to the next chapter for Peter's birthday party.
Dinner actually goes fairly well. Bucky is sat at the other end of the table to Peter and Wade, next to Steve. Tony is sitting next to his boyfriend, obviously taking pity on Wade and trying to make it so he doesn’t feel his every move is being watched. They’re joined by May, Wanda and Vision, the others taking up the seats in between.
‘I can,’ the other man replies, ‘but not the same kind of magic as Loki, and not the same as Wanda.’
Do let me know if there's anything you'd like to see from the characters or stories and I hope you continue to enjoy reading this :)
‘I’ll get you another one later,’ Peter promises and the trickster grins, mollified, and follows them out. ‘Why do I get the feeling you planned for that response?’
‘Tony he can’t always have the suit on him. He can’t always be wearing it. Just like you can’t always be wearing yours. He needs to learn how to defend himself without it as well.’
‘Barnes?’ Wade’s so surprised by his appearance he turns to look, giving Francis the opportunity to break away and start backing up towards the exit. ‘Shit! Get your ass back here Francis. Your throat has a date with my katana!’
It’s coming up to dinner time, but he’s not ready to leave his workshop yet. He’s definitely not ready to face Steve.
Peter had gone to stay with his aunt the day after Yule so he could celebrate with May, her new partner Stewart, and their baby girl before coming back here for Christmas. If he was phoning at a time when he was usually asleep there had to be something wrong. ‘Pete?’ he presses the phone to his ear. ‘You alright? Has something happened? You’re not supposed to be back until Christmas Eve, did you need me to pick you up?’
Peter nods. He’d heard all of these people mentioned when they were told about Captain America as part of learning the Second World War. He’d considered all of them, thinking his research would be easy enough to do – all he’d have to do is ask the Captain about them himself. But something just didn’t feel right about focussing on any of them. It felt like he should know them if he was going to be presenting them since they had been important to several members of the team.
‘No idea where he’s disappeared to. And I’m a bit too nervous to go near Strange without Peter with me.’
‘It was important!’ the inventor counters. ‘Besides if you want to talk about nearly destroying cities you nearly took out Washington so you can zip it Captain.’
‘I used to make them when I was little,’ she explains, looking a little sheepish. ‘I just thought-’ He cuts her off by bringing her into a tight hug. He doesn’t need her to say she used to make them with her brother, he can work that out by himself. It might have been one of the simplest gifts he’d received this year, but it definitely meant the most.
Strange blinks at him, then looks down at the watch on his wrist. ‘Oh. Apologies I must have become more engrossed than I realised. Do take a seat.’ When Peter fails to follow the order he clears his throat. ‘Care to take a seat and stop staring at my library?’
‘Yeah hurry up Leeds, don’t want to keep Penis Parker away from his important job,’ one of the other boys sneers.
He notices Wanda lean forwards and say something in Peter’s ear, the kid nods and manages to look a little less pale. The atmosphere in the room is still a little tense as everyone seems unsure of what to do next.
‘Sounds good,’ Bruce agrees with a smile, letting the inventor pull him up and help him back towards the compound.
‘Anyone who goes against the rules and decides to not listen to me: just remember I have dirt on you all. Especially you Tony,’ Rhodes grins.
‘What did you mean by what HYDRA did to you?’ the quiet voice asks, suspicious still but gentler than before.
‘Killed everyone to do with the programme? Come on Spider-Man you know what I am, why can’t you say it?’
The after party has wound down enough now that there’s only really the team, the staff and some really dedicated drinkers and dancers left hanging around; even they are starting to trickle out. Steve notices Peter saying goodbye to a group of three adults, one of them holding onto a stick so he assumes it’s the blind lawyer he’d helped earlier. The man hangs back a little longer to speak to the teenager and they seem to part on good terms.
‘In my defence,’ he starts as soon as they enter the workshop, ‘I was going to tell you this afternoon and then we kind of had other worldly visitors ruin the moment.’
Wade’s gaping like a fish out of water so Peter takes on him and answers. ‘Why don’t you break Wanda? You’ll need all the help you can get.’
the guy, I’m saying take the plunge and have the relationship. Even if it’s only when you’re here on Earth. Even
Nebula, Mantis and Drax are all caught in similar ways; though he makes a point to not always move when someone is looking to leave, as others have caught on to his strategy and have tried the same, or have looked to lie in wait for him. Besides he knows where a couple more of the sprigs have been hidden, and he has plans to catch some of the others there.
A/N: Hi everyone! Firstly a huge thank you to everyone who has commented, left kudos and read this story. Honestly I can't thank you enough, your support makes writing this so much more enjoyable. It seems to be that a lot of people want a Christmas Special, so that will definitely be coming to you as a Christmas present from me to all of you wonderful people!
The committee discuss his suggestions as if he isn’t there. This would have riled him up before, but he’s learned over the last few months to just let the discussion wash over him.
‘As much as I enjoy these celebrations,’ Loki admits once the door is closed behind them, ‘it’s nice to have a measure of peace.’
‘If FRIDAY is half as well programmed as she should be she’s already locked the door and will let the others know not to disturb us. Come here, soldier.’
They don’t say anything else, just continue to sip at their drinks and look out over the dark grounds. When Bucky turns to go back in he squeezes Loki’s arm in silent support, leaving Loki to wonder why he’s losing the urge to move on that normally haunts the back of his mind.
‘Oh and in case you were thinking of tearing it up? That’s actually a copy, the original is back at the facility with Rhodey. I think the President kept an original copy as well,’ Tony shrugs. ‘Can’t be too careful these days. Paperwork does have a tendency to go missing.’
‘WHAT?!?’ Peter shouts. ‘I was asking you for months to join the team, now Loki asks you once and you’re actually considering it?’
‘I’m here,’ he says, reaching out for where his friend’s voice came from and finding his solid form. ‘You got a light?’
‘Oh for the love of…’ Peter aims a punch at Matt’s head, which the other man dodges expertly, rapping him on the shoulder with his cane for good measure. ‘Believe him now?’
Despite his best intentions, Peter’s walk falters and he knows no matter what he says next Deadpool isn’t going to believe. Not unless he tells him the truth. ‘What are you talking about? I’ve had a long patrol-’
As the doors open he spots the window and takes a running leap, landing gracefully inside and looking up.
‘What on earth has happened in here?’ he asks, blinking at the sight of the sticky web-like substance that is covering
‘Stay two steps in front of me, kid,’ the leader mutters, pushing him forwards. Peter does as he’s told, hands on the back of his head and his eyes firmly on the glass covered carpet in front of him. He hates everything about this situation. He was just really hoping he’d never disappoint Mr Stark ever again.
‘Yep. Most of the missions he was on are highly classified, and I thought it best not to get JARVIS to pry. What?’ he asks at Pepper’s raised eyebrow. ‘I want to stay on his good side alright?’
They’ve come up with several strategies for when Thanos attacks, including sites to hold a battle should it come to that; though no one has breached the subject of what they should do if Thanos were to obtain all the Infinity Stones, and Tony doesn’t really want to be the one to broach that subject.
He’s tried to bribe Natasha into faking an emergency call out, but she refused. He even tried speaking to FRIDAY, but the AI hadn’t granted his wish. He’s avoiding Bucky like the plague as his friend has been doing nothing but winding him up about the dance all day, Sam isn’t much better, Vision tried to be helpful and give him tips but it just brought him to the edge of a panic attack. The only person who had been sympathetic was Peter, but the kid was on crowd duty and so Steve couldn’t grab him until after the speeches. By which time it was going to be too late. He’d thought about speaking to Rhodes, but the man was giving the speech from the Avengers and was nervous himself, and Wanda was feeling paranoid about being around so many people.
Unfortunately he doesn’t notice the person sneaking up behind him. ‘Work can wait, Tony’ Sam says from just behind him.
‘Oh for the love of-!’ Quill curses as everyone else bursts out laughing. Loki resumes his seat and winks at Valkyrie.
‘We’re alright,’ Wanda reassures them, ‘we’ve not seen anyone since waking up. The only thing we’ve got to go on are the runes stopping me from casting any spells.’
As I've said in the final chapter of Tales From The Training Room I'll be taking a very short break from the Another Chance series just so I can write some other things and stop the series from getting stale. I've had so many lovely messages from people saying they hope I'm not leaving this series and I promise you I'm not. I've already written a separate IronStrange one-shot I shall post in the next few weeks, then I have a request I'm going to write, and then I'll be back on the next instalment of Another Chance. Basically I'll just be taking longer breaks before starting each new instalment of the series whilst I write something non related. If you do have any requests for any pairings or scenarios with any of the characters please do let me know. There's already a list on Tales From The Training Room so head on over there and see what might be coming up!
Flash stares Harry down for a bit longer, but Peter knows from experience that nothing can beat the Osborne stare, and eventually he turns and leaves, glaring at the two of them as he goes to take his seat.
‘Can I just point out,’ the trickster grumbles as he dumps his armful in the middle of the room, ‘that all the strongest and most agile of the team decided to leave the Colonel and I to do all the heavy lifting to watch yet another fight over mead.’ There’s some mumbled apologies and everyone hurries to help the two sort out the materials.
‘You’re unnaturally quiet, kid,’ Tony comments as they weave through the New York rush hour, heading towards the outskirts. ‘What’s up?’
A/N: Hi everyone, hope you've all had a good week. I think I've finally responded to all your wonderful comments, if I've missed any I am so sorry.
Steve’s smile turns warm. ‘That sounds like a good plan to me. After Wakanda, seeing what those stones were doing to you…I just want to make sure we make some time for
‘He’s never been very good at leaving valuable trinkets behind,’ Thor chuckles hoarsely. ‘The fool.’
‘Tony Stark’s missing,’ he admits, fighting back the tears, ‘I need your help to find him. All the trails are turning cold the Avengers are trying to follow, and it’s my fault he was taken in the first place.’
‘Don’t try and carry the weight of the world, Pete, it’ll kill you before any supervillain does.’ Peter opens his mouth to ask, noticing the look in Wade’s eyes, but the merc’s face suddenly has a grin and he’s moving the conversation. ‘Besides not
‘You’ll find out the same time as the rest of us,’ Natasha tells him, ‘we’re nearly there. Let’s make sure Tony’s settled with May then we can find somewhere to sit or stand. We all remember our positions?’
He ignores the shouts as he walks off the stage, Happy following a couple of steps behind. The news anchors now take over, discussing Tony’s answers and reactions.
‘Get the hell away from my family,’ she snarls at the alien, her magic snatching the hammer from its hands and sending it smashing into its master’s head. The alien slumps down motionless in front of them.
Tony gives a sour laugh. ‘Oh yes they can, Cap. They have numerous times in the past. At least they remembered to feed me.’
‘Wade stop. Please,’ he presses a finger to his boyfriend’s mouth and, for once, the other man is quiet. ‘You don’t need to apologise for anything, I’m the one whose been acting like a real brat and was more focussed on the nagging doubts in my head instead of listening to what you were telling me. I’m sorry I’ve been pushing for something that
‘He told me he’d ask me to marry him if he needed a queen, but he’d prefer to marry someone he loves. Charming right?’
‘What is it, Pete?’ Tony asks him, patting the mattress next to him. Peter accepts the unspoken invitation and goes to sit next to him, looking down at his hands in his lap rather than up at the inventor.
‘There you are!’ Sam shouts as they reenter. ‘We’re just calling an end to the mistletoe challenge. Please make me a happy man, Loki.’
Peter can’t help the shudder that passes through him at the Mad Titan’s name. It was nothing short of a miracle that they’d managed to defeat him with their team intact, but it had been a close run thing, and Peter knows without Shuri, Loki and Tony working together they never would have been able to bring Vision back after Thanos had ripped the stone from his head.
Strange smiles again. ‘I may not be well versed in your particular brand of magic, but I’m sure we can find something in the tomes either at the Sanctum here, or at Kamar-Taj.’
In the end, despite some interesting moments, like when Rocket tried to ‘dance’ from the lights and Wade insisted Peter had to do his dance to ‘Umbrella’ despite the teenager’s absolute confusion to why, the winner of the contest was Wanda. Everyone was surprised, except for Peter, who just shrugged when questioned and responded with ‘well she always beats me in our lessons’.
He also tries to ignore the chill that settles around him now he no longer has a super soldier wrapped around him.
‘For being the god of trickery you’re about as subtle as a brick,’ Peter grumbles, but leaves the group to go stand with Vision. ‘You alright, Vis?’
‘Wait, you’re telling me that you only realised the blind lawyer was a vigilante because he nearly knocked you out in a bathroom?’ Loki asks as the door to Matt’s apartment closes behind them.
‘Nope. Those two, hands down. We’re having nothing but embarrassing stories about Steve out of you from a week,’ he says, pointing at Bucky.
‘They’re fine. I just updated them on what happened earlier. I think they’re going to spend tomorrow having a bit of a rest after the journey and looking over the plans for the site and then they’ll head over the day after and check it out.’
He laughs in response. ‘Nope, this is my adopted big sister. Play nicely boys or you’ll find out I’m not the only one who can take you lot on.’
‘Cap! Finally! We need to get him out of here, and fast,’ Scott says, helmet open as he checks over an unconscious Tony.
Loki’s has two last intended victims for Christmas Eve. He catches his brother in the corridors as they head to their rooms, having already noticed the sprig in the corridor outside their rooms. The last one he needs to go to the workshop for.
‘Oh, come on, Francis!’ I call out. ‘I don’t have time for hide and seek! I’ll tell you what: you come out now and I promise I’ll kill you quickly. If you keep hiding so the others have to come and find you, I’ll get Loki to freeze you in place and kill you slowly.’
Morgan had come from a home filled with domestic violence, thankfully never fully aimed at her, but she’d been caught in the crossfire too many times and when her mother and father had been arrested for a variety of offenses, she’d been placed in care. Peter had already known more than his fair share of pain and loss in his young life, barely seven he’d already lost both of his parents and had been taken in by his aunt and uncle; unfortunately his uncle was raging alcoholic who got violent when he drank. The result: Peter’s aunt had been killed after years of abuse and Peter himself had been regularly beaten, with most of the family’s money going on booze for his uncle there hadn’t been much for food or medicine and Peter’s lungs had always been bad. His asthma was now very severe and, despite now living with them for almost a year, he was still skinny and underweight. Stephen Strange had decided to do some studying into paediatric medicine and development (something he’d mastered before they even had the children once they said they were thinking of adopting) and was now the children’s personal doctor. He argued he was pre-empting them turning into mini-Tony’s, but Tony knew better: Stephen wouldn’t have trusted any other doctor to take proper care of them.
‘Of course, Captain. I make sure that each person has their unique one prepared for them when they make coffee.’
Just then there’s a commotion over the comms. ‘We’re being attacked!’ Fury’s frantic voice comes over the comms. ‘Repeat: we are being attacked! One broke through. She’s come for Vision.’
‘And make sure the soundproofing is on.’ Then he makes his call. ‘Your Majesty,’ he greets the man on the screen.
‘Peter!’ Sam shouts after him but he’s already running, chasing after Wanda before he loses sight of her.
Natasha nods. ‘Fury’s just arrived, Sam, Bruce and Rhodey are staying here and I contacted Clint so he’s on standby should they need back up.’
‘I already told you I have a job,’ Peter says, pulling his arm from Hammer’s grip and trying to nudge his two friends back.
Steve can hear some of the others arriving, and breathes a sigh of relief that they’re not alone any more. A sigh that turns into a scream when Thanos, clutching the shoulder of the suit, then reaches forwards and grabs hold of the arc reactor in Tony’s chest.
‘Stephen and Christine? Yeah they had a thing a while ago but he’s not big on commitment. He’s more of a career guy. Always has been. I keep trying to get him to settle down but he’s not having any of it. Points out that if I’m not going to settle down then I can’t preach to him about it,’ Tony shrugs.
Wanda looks up as Vision comes into the hotel room, clutching a handful of pamphlets. ‘There seem to be a couple of restaurants not too far from here, all with good reviews. Would you like to try one this evening or simply order room service?’
‘I think we’re going to have a bigger argument over who puts it on this year,’ she laughs, gesturing to the noisy crowd of superheroes in the room.
‘Then in which case we shall say goodbye, ladies and gentlemen. Enjoy your meeting with Ross,’ and with that Tony turns on his heel and marches out. When they are outside the door and a safe distance away, he looks at Steve out the corner of his eye and grins. ‘I never get to go in there with the upper hand. That was fun!’
‘Nat I need to know-’ he cuts off with a groan of pain as she knees him in the groin and he lets her go, sinking to his knees.
‘You mean he thinks the kid that Stark is interested in is Spider-Man?’ his guest laughs. ‘That kid would go flying off a bridge in a stiff breeze. You not seen the footage?’
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you enjoyed these two chapters and they've brought some entertainment for you during the world-wide lockdown.
‘Are you ever going to learn to duck those punches?’ Bucky huffs in frustration as he pulls back before giving him a black eye. Again.
‘Deep down they know it too they just don’t want to say it out loud in case it sounds defeatist. We’ll always fight.’
The man bursts out laughing, grinning at the other woman standing silently next to him. She’s beautiful and tall, with long black hair. ‘You want us to let Wanda go. And what are you going to give us in return?’
Karen had helped as well. They’d got up a map of New York and started ruling out certain areas, labelling other potential areas of interest, and flagging the first points that Peter could try and scope out safely without drawing attention from the team. There were pieces of paper stuck up all around his room with any information on they thought important, and Ned’s laptop had a couple of documents where they recorded anything else. All of it came from Peter’s memory of discussions at the facility, and from what he remembered being mentioned during the fight and capture.
‘Tony-’ Steve feels his heart breaking at the sight of the man before him and walks up to stand a couple of steps in front of him, wanting to reach out and touch him, but unsure if he can.
Steve has to admit it was possibly one of the most awkward breakfasts he’d ever sat through that morning. Even Tony hadn’t been able to keep up a conversation with everyone and had given up. And by giving up he means Tony then decided to try and make him blush by trying to feel him up under the table.
Steve face palms at the identical grins that appear on Bucky and Sam’s faces, and Peter looks torn between running away from the table and wanting to finish his food.
‘Still,’ he mutters to Karen as he catches his breath in a room of the building the showdown is currently happening in, ‘I wish they’d actually given me some kind of plan rather than just asking me to distract them. I mean I’m not exactly the greatest fan of guns.’
T’Challa considers him in silence. ‘Steve showed me the new Accords,’ he says eventually, voice even.
‘I have missed you,’ Loki admits, not taking his eyes from the figurine, ‘I didn’t want to admit it at first, but fighting together against Thanos, and spending time with this team of misfits made me realise how much I did miss you whilst I was travelling.’
‘Now there was a hell of a lot of shit that we’ll discuss when we’ve got Wanda and Bucky back, but there’s one thing I’m really disappointed in, Peter, and I feel like we need to talk about it right now.’
‘Seriously though Pool, what’s your plans for Christmas?’ he asks as he returns to his spot next to the older man.
Tony tries not to laugh as he sees Bucky and Steve trying to help Drax walk to the ice rink, only for the large alien to fall over as soon as his feet hit the ice and pull
‘Sharon?’  Steve’s surprised at the woman’s visit; they haven’t been in contact since the Accords. The former SHIELD agent is dressed in jeans and a shirt and, despite best intentions, Steve finds himself searching her features for any reminder of Peggy.
Rhodes doesn’t spend as much time in the training room as he used to, for obvious reasons. He’ll be the first to admit he misses it, even though he and Sam more than make up for it with the amount of training they do with their suits. The other man regularly boxes with him as well, making sure it’s more static training than when any of the others box to compensate for his walking brace. Rhodes isn’t stupid he knows why Sam does so much to help him find ways around his training: he still feels responsible for the accident that caused his injury in the first place.
‘You’ll have my army, and my King’s Guard,’ T’Challa says, ‘and M’Baku is always eager for a fight. Send a messenger, quickly,’ he turns to one of his guard, who salutes and hurries off.
‘Can we focus please?’ Steve frowns at the rest of the team. ‘Come on Pete, put your mask on and Tony’ll get Karen to block out your sight.’
‘I’ll be there in a few minutes, Baby Boy,’ he says, voice serious. ‘Just hang on and don’t do anything stupid.’
‘I hope you’d know the answer to that,’ Bucky answers quietly. ‘I care about you, Tony. Why would I not come and make sure you were alright?’
‘I’m Karen by the way,’ she says, ‘Karen Paige. I work for Nelson and Murdock. The law firm in Hell’s Kitchen?’
‘Though, it might be a good idea for it to be around friends this time?’ Tony suggests, and immediately backs down at the look Steve sends him. ‘Nope, sorry Pete, Captain has spoken. You come sit with me and we’ll share some and watch and laugh, and help Wanda adjudicate.’
Steve laughs, pressing a kiss to his forehead as they head towards their own room. ‘I know, honey, I’m just teasing you.’
‘Tony, you sure about this?’ Steve asks quietly, his hand reaching down to take his, rubbing soft circles onto the back of it with his thumb.
‘Tony!’ Bucky greets the new arrival enthusiastically. ‘You just missed Sam’s story about flying into a tree.’
‘Oh great, I knew everything was going too smoothly,’ Tony sighs. They overtake the others and reach the people just as the conversation seems to come to an end. ‘Excuse me? Is this where the carollers are going to be?’
Loki’s smile is warm. ‘I would not have minded the conversation. As pleased as I was to spend the time with Thor and to work to bring our kingdoms towards unity…’
Tony raises an eyebrow. ‘You could beat his punk ass any day, that’s no excuse for you to be eating on the ceiling.’
What next? Oh yeah! So Bucky tries to get Loki to help him with not being mind controlled. Ends up back firing and now the two have a freaky telepathic mind link. Oh the fun I could have with Peter with one of those….I’m wondering who’s going to have the inappropriate thoughts first. My money’s on Snowflake. I’m going to start a sweepstake. Anyway then Loki sees there’s Jotun runes on some pictures from one of Stark funded projects and he and Barnes and Stony go to Norway to check it out.
‘Alright let’s go. I think they want to cut the cake. Plus there’s at least one more present waiting for you.’
Steve leans back and smiles. It’s amazing really, how much Peter is echoing Tony without even realising it. Looking at the three of them now it isn’t too hard to imagine a night years before in a different room, with the other commandos and Howard sitting around the table instead, the brown haired head would be much younger than Peter, but still bent over the cards in concentration as two adults explained the rules to him.
‘I need you to take Ned up onto the roof,’ he says, slipping the rest of the suit over his arms and letting it lock into place. He reaches up to his ear and takes out the comms link, throwing it to the merc. ‘Put this on and link up to the rest of the team, tell them to come pick Ned up then come back and give me a hand. Karen can patch me into the comms once I got my mask on.’
‘And it has brought everyone closer together. I’ll admit I was surprised to see Doctor Strange here and learn he is going to be staying for a couple of weeks.’
‘FRIDAY?’ Steve adds. ‘Can you get hold of T’Challa? I think we’re going to need to go with the Wakanda plan.’
He glances up as the familiar sound of repulsors fills the lobby of the building where the leader’s brought him, and Iron Man comes into view through the blasted out glass doors.
about the Weapon-X programme,’ Peter assures him, deciding it’d be better for him not to get in the man’s space, ‘except its name and that they think that’s where you got your regenerative powers.’
‘Do I have to get FRIDAY to initiate the self-care sequence?’ Sam raises an eyebrow. ‘Will it explode if its left?’
‘Oh yeah because we really need those two winding each other up,’ Tony rolls his eyes. ‘Send him with Sam.’
Peter nods and picks up his bag and heads towards his room, Tony ruffles his hair as he passes him and he feels a little of the tension leave his shoulders.
Tony rolls his eyes as he takes hold of the kid’s other sleeve. ‘Stop playing dumb. The way you look at him I’m surprised your Aunt May didn’t lock you in your room and refuse to let you out.’
‘Ah, ah, ah,’ Francis steps out in front of me, swiping at my neck. ‘Language, Wade, we wouldn’t want to upset any
‘Will do, Wade,’ Weasel says, a small grin on his face. ‘By the way you seen the action over at the pool table? There’s a newcomer taking everyone’s money and he pinned Buck to the bar.’
‘Ned just drop it,’ Peter snaps. Ned opens his mouth to say something else when they hear someone’s excited shout of ‘Oh my god is that Tony Stark?’
‘Of course,’ he tells her, ‘you came and helped us during our time of need, of course we would offer you a place to call yours should you ever wish it. And it shall always be waiting for you. I shall ask my mother to make all the arrangements after I have left.’
‘No. Why would you say that?’ he huffs, looking over at Happy as he digs his phone out again to respond to Wade’s text, the driver is looking in the rearview mirror obviously eavesdropping on their conversation.
‘You carry on in this fashion and you won’t be around much longer,’ Loki snaps, he looks to the Cloak. ‘Can you fetch Wong?’ It nods and flies off.
Steve laughs and shakes his head. ‘Are we talking difficult as in he’s in a really bad mood and snapping at everyone, or difficult as in he wants to try and make it round every bar in New York in one night?’
Steve raises an eyebrow and shakes his head, leaning down to place a kiss on his lips so Tony knows he’s not really in trouble. ‘You all finished?’
‘An AI Tony set up to give to Peter in the future,’ Bruce pipes up. At Tony’s questioning glance Bruce shrugs. ‘I was looking through some things and found her files. Looked like a good idea.’
Peter pulls up a sleeve to reveal the concealed suit underneath his clothing. ‘My mask is still in my bag though.’
to go to bed,’ Steve pouts later as he somehow manages to manhandle his boyfriend through the door and dropping him unceremoniously onto the bed.
‘Damn you!’ Wade laughs. ‘Just you wait until tomorrow when I’m in full challenge mode and you’ll regret this!’
that if something like New York happened again they couldn’t sit around and wait for a panel to make a decision or too many lives would be lost.
No one would be able to completely fill the hole that Pietro left, but she’s glad she’s got Peter to fill part of it.
‘No,’ Tony rasps out, ‘Valkyrie gave me something to try. But she didn’t tell me she’d put it in my next
‘Always, Peter,’ she says as he climbs out of the window. ‘Did you remember to do your algebra you’ve been procrastinating on for the past two days?’
‘Hey guys, mind if I stay with you on this trip? I’m getting a bit fed up of Flash’s comments,’ she admits, with a shy smile at Ned.
‘He’ll come out of this, Pete,’ Tony had said, though Peter wasn’t sure which of them he was trying to convince. ‘He’s too damn stubborn to leave you.’ And Peter had clung to that truth like the lifeline it was.
‘I’ll take that as a yes. My name is Justin Hammer,’ he holds out his hand, ‘I’m here to offer you a job.’
Wanda’s power rips the vest from Peter. He drops to the floor, just as Tony fires his knockout dart. The terrorist’s hand goes to his neck, pulling out the dart with a confused look on his face, before he crumples to the floor.
‘Is this the wrong time for me to be walking in?’ Wade looks between the occupants as he makes his way to the kitchenette; at the glare Bucky sends him he spins on his heel and goes to the sofas.
‘So?’ Tony nudges the teenager at his side, grinning at the boy’s uncomfortable look. ‘Do we get to hear about it?’
Sam, Steve and Bucky take Quill to get the Christmas trees and when they return Wanda and Peter are leading the mission to decorate the facility.
‘You are most welcome,’ he responds, altering his appearance to be more human at the same time the god changes his. ‘Though I want to ask again: what made you decide to embrace your heritage now rather than when you first discovered it?’
‘If I’d known he was going to be this much of a menace I never would have suggested it,’ Tony groans from where he’s sat at the breakfast bar, purposefully not under the mistletoe but within reach of anyone who does find themselves underneath it.
‘Really?’ Peter is pretty sure Ned’s eyes are going to pop from his head. ‘Oh my god this is the best day of my life!’
‘For the love of…’ Peter rubs his temples with his fingers. ‘See this is another reason I didn’t want this stupid trip to go ahead, you overreact with anything that happens at school.’
‘Mr Stark doesn’t know,’ Peter sighs, not tearing his eyes from the buildings passing by. ‘I don’t want him to know. It’s nothing I can’t handle, it’s just harmless teasing. I’m like one of the nerdiest kids in school, and now everyone knows I wasn’t lying about the Stark Internship, plus I’m one of the most socially awkward guys there. It’s not like there’s no lack of material.’
‘She’s looking into something else,’ he waves off any other suggestions, ‘Strange is also otherwise engaged apparently. Just please tell me you’re all ready to leave tomorrow as planned?’
Unfortunately the substance has worked quicker than either of them is expecting on the rest of the webs and the kid goes sprawling on the floor, rubbing his head and sitting up. ‘Ow, that hurt. Thanks for getting me out, Dr Banner!’
‘Stop moving!’ he shouts as the platform tips dangerously again, and he sees the blond scrambling back. The best way of doing this is for Steve to make his way to the centre of the platform as Peter lets go and sacrifices himself to the mud, but he’ll be damned if he’s breaking his perfect record. He
‘I’ve definitely fought some things that look worse,’ Tony quips from behind him. ‘Honestly? The fuss you were making I was expecting much worse.’
Wanda bursts out laughing and stands up. ‘Oh no. You’re getting nothing from me, Cap,’ she says, and tugs Vision out of the room.
Peter starts looking uncomfortable. ‘Yeah, but-’ The tray of bread hovers in front of him, suspended by tendrils of scarlet light. ‘Oh! Thanks Wanda.’
‘Wanda get him back to the facility,’ Tony tells her, ‘when you get there get someone to come help. Wong you alright to stay?’
‘Alright class, let’s finish up there today,’ the teacher says. ‘I know we’re ten minutes early but I think you all deserve it.’
This has been so well received I'm actually tempted to do a couple more specials as spin-offs from 'Restoration' so if you haven't gotten around to reading it yet head over to the main story and take a look. Any suggestions for any other 'specials' will be gratefully received.
‘Well Peter nice to meet you. I’m your boss. I promise this isn’t usually part of the job,’ he feels a small sense of accomplishment at the small smile that creeps onto Peter’s face.
Loki blinks himself awake in time to see Wanda facing Thanos, one hand outstretched towards her enemy, pushing him back and away from her, her other hand reaching out towards Vision, her power surging into the stone.
‘You know who would be a good person to ask for ideas?’ Sam pipes up. ‘Peter. Think about it: the kid will hear all the opinions at his school, and kids often repeat the opinions of their parents.’
Talk returns to planning for the next day, and Peter lets it wash over him. He can’t help the memory playing through his head as he pushes the food around his plate. Appetite gone.
‘I know what you mean,’ the other man says as they watch Tony join the group, wrapping his arms around Wanda’s waist from behind and spinning her round, making the young girl laugh and kick out her feet.
‘We walk any further and my suit’s going to start freezing up, and I made sure there was anti-freezing systems put in place after my first flight.’
‘It’s missing the secret ingredient,’ he explains. ‘She always said there was a secret ingredient she’d tell me about one day, but it’s just regular cookie ingredients on here.’
‘Still not legal,’ he counters, and gestures for Ned to follow him. ‘Fuck you could have told me you weren’t even legal I’d have stopped with all the ass comments!’
‘Oh wow that sounds awkward,’ Peter laughs. ‘Does that mean we’re going to try and get everyone together this year?’
‘It’s a different type of ice cream made with fruit,’ Ned explains, putting another bowl in front of him. ‘Here’s another one for you.’
wasn’t,’ he replies, voice laced with bitterness. ‘But my partner was. I didn’t find out until after I got back and he tried to shut me out of the company.’ He allows the time to finish his drink to wallow in self-disgust.
‘This,’ Peter pulls away and takes the power source out of his suit, ‘it’s got the same energy signatures as an-’
‘No! No I’m fine, Karen. I just need a minute,’ he replies, rocking himself backwards and forwards until his stomach finally starts to feel more under control and he notices the wetness on his cheeks. When had he started crying?
‘Start strutting big guy,’ Tony adds, hating himself for doing this to his friend and yet knowing he needs to.
Peter’s not sure what to say to that so he looks down at his desk and tries not to fidget with a pencil. He’s not as angry any more, if anything he’s just feeling hurt and confused.
‘Led Zepplin? Led Zepplin! Peter how can you have spent so much time with me and not know that you were listening to AC/DC?’ Tony demands.
He tries not to wince as Natasha’s fingers tighten involuntarily on his face. He can’t meet Steve’s eyes, with the weight of his failure on him.
‘I looked into the future at all possible outcomes of the coming conflict,’ he tells them, sounding a little breathless.
‘Up here!’ Sam calls, swooping down and grabbing it as more of the aliens jump up, trying to get it from Hope. ‘Hey!’ Chitauri gliders lunge down, trying to grab hold of both him and it, and it takes all of Sam’s flying skills to out-manoeuvre them. ‘Guys a little help would be- what the actual
Tony turns to one of the prison guards working with them. ‘I want a list of all of the prisoners and their confirmed states as soon as you have it.’
A/N: Hi everyone. Sorry this is a bit of a 'holding' chapter, next one will be a little more exciting.
‘Just reading over some of the information Strange brought with him,’ she replies, setting the tablet down on her table. ‘You alright?’
‘So let me get this straight,’ Bucky says as they walk down the corridors of Peter’s school towards the auditorium. ‘Peter did a presentation for a history project and his teacher was so impressed it was chosen to be given at this big school event, and we all got invited to come along?’ His tone implies he knows someone is keeping something from him.
‘Look Wade, I know the kid alright? He looks at you exactly the same way you look at him when you both think no one is watching. The look on his face when you took your mask off? I’m not I’ll ever be able to get that kind of happiness out of him, which you know is kind of damaging to my ego. I’m sure I’ll live.
‘Nice try,’ Bruce pats his arm sympathetically. Talk turns back to the rest of the plans the Asgardians have, most of which are mainly preparations for the feast on the final day; Peter had arrived back from school earlier and found the three of them still discussing in the common area and had tried to help them work out which of the traditions would be possible here on Earth and which ones would be impossible. It appears most of the traditions were all around preparing food and decorations.
‘That’s when Tony started resenting you and any part you’d played in his and his father’s relationship. Eventually he moved past it, and just put it to the back of his mind, especially when his parents died. Then they dragged you out the ice, and everything came rushing back: the fact you’d been his hero, then the resentment, and also the few good memories he had with his father.
Then he’s clawing at his chest, lashing out at the hands that are grabbing at him again. All the time water is filling his lungs and mouth and he doesn’t dare open his eyes, doesn’t want to see the world blurred and dark.
‘You going to take that ridiculous mask off or am I going to have to do it for you?’ the man demands.
He can’t say anything as he turns his back on his best friend and stumbles through the portal, hearing it close behind them as they step through into the Wakandan Embassy. Everyone else fades away as Tony appears in front of him, pulling him into a tight embrace. Steve isn’t sure if they’re shaking more from his supressed sobs or Tony’s.
He’s frozen. He should have known, even when he had the report from the prison to say they’d identified all the bodies. He should have known. Nothing was ever that easy in his life.
deserve someone like Sam in his squad. When he and Bucky are back in active service, and Steve’s back in charge of his own squad, he’s getting Sam transferred. He doesn’t care how many favours he has to call in or how many boots he has to lick.
So maybe a bit of background into the second half of this chapter: I decided to put this in because, in one version of the comics, Thanos isn't getting the Infinity Stones to wipe out half the universe in some misguided attempt to stop over-crowding, he's actually doing it to impress Lady Death. Who just so happens to be in love with Deadpool (I think he actually marries her in one of the comics as well), and when Thanos finds this out he curses Wade with immortality using the Infinity Stones. I just mixed it up a little bit for this story.
‘So you’re the one Nat’s been telling me about?’ he looks the teenager up and down. ‘Got to admit you’re not what I was expecting.’
‘You alright Sergeant Barnes?’ he asks, his face glowing from the cold wind and the grin on his face.
‘If by influential you mean by terrifying them into thinking you were going to lead another invasion of Earth, brother, then indeed you have,’ Thor chuckles.
‘Why did you do it in the first place?’ he demands, rubbing his jaw. The dark look his friend gives him reminds Steve that the other soldier was recently one of HYDRA’s best assassins.
‘Peter Benjamin Parker,’ May’s voice is stern, and Peter squeezes his eyes shut. ‘Don’t you dare finish that sentence,’ she pauses for a moment before continuing. ‘Ben went out how he would have wanted to: doing the job he loved and helping people. Even more so if he’d known it was you he saved.’
The Wakandan king raises a hand for silence. ‘As you can see, there is even more reason for these Accords to be approved. With too many externals influences we are at risk of the Avengers being used to further not just a particular country’s interests, but also agencies who would normally be their adversaries. With different restraints in place, which enable them to-’
‘There’s no cameras in our bedrooms,’ Tony hastily adds. ‘But she is able to monitor vitals and sound, so you do have privacy. She tends to only pay attention to sound from your room if it sounds like you’re in trouble or if you’re asking her for something.’
Dr Higgs and get her to help look over him alright? Make sure they’re in one of the private rooms. Ross
Pepper taps a finger thoughtfully against her mug. ‘Honestly? I think it’s been since the team was formed after we met her with the whole Vanko incident. Except when she was out of America of course, then we couldn’t exactly go for coffee. We’d send a picture of a mug of coffee to each other instead as a running joke.’
Natasha shakes her head with a sad smile. ‘No. Unfortunately this is as much about making alliances as it is about having fun. How about we try and convince Tony to throw some more parties? Even that gala was nothing compared to the ones he can throw when he puts his mind to it.’
‘Well, Captain,’ T’Challa responds. ‘You will leave for America in two days; Tony will be waiting at the airport to greet you and take you back to the facility.’
‘Wakandan technology is more advanced than most places,’ the king responds, ‘including in medicine. Shuri may be able to do something, even if it is just to strengthen your chest cavity.’
‘I feel like I should have some comment ready about your new hammer, but I’m a little busy right now.’
'You know better than to bother her when she's feeling like this,' she's scolding him. 'You're just lucky it was only a book she threw at you, and she didn't decide to send you through the wall.'
Loki seems to consider. ‘Perhaps three bowls with two flavours and then I shall finish with a single helping of my favourite so far.’
One question from a reporter catches his attention again. ‘What of Wanda Maximoff? Her powers have caused deaths, are you positive we won’t have a repeat of Lagos?’
‘Shit. Tony, you and Bruce should head back to the compound, we’ll meet you there,’ Rhodes tells him.
‘Fine,’ Tony grumbles, settling back against Steve’s chest as he presses the call button on his phone; one of Steve’s arms snakes around his waist as the soldier goes back to reading his book.
Then it changes. Instead of the shock of electricity running through his veins he can feel the sting of a thousand tiny needles piercing his skin. There’s another voice crying out with his own.
‘Oh yeah he’s encasing everyone in ice. He’s having a great time. I’m going to try and get the power source, you alright?’
‘Better than a girl whose dad tries to steal your stuff though right?’ he asks, voice thick as he holds back the wave of emotions after Tony’s confession.
‘They’re killing themselves,’ Okoye says in disgust, watching as the aliens fall against the powerful shield.
‘In his defence,’ Nick says, taking a seat at one of the stools, ‘I agreed it was for the best. Meant we could continue laying some groundwork without Ross picking up on it.’
Sam stands up, placing a comforting hand on the other man’s shoulder. ‘We’ll look for him the old fashioned way, Tony. Maybe he’s gone for a walk like you said and he just left his phone here. He’s fine.’
‘I was intending to save this for a bit, had a whole plan to take you out for dinner and spoil you before doing this, and I didn’t want to take away from Wanda and Vision but…I can’t really wait much longer so…’ he goes down on one knee in front of the bed and sees Tony’s eyes widen and the genius sit up straighter.
‘Better than your attempts at making space for our legs apparently,’ he retorts. The top of the table is now flat and ready to be used once the sanding is finished, which is what Sam is currently working on; they’ve carved underneath to slide out enough of the trunk to make benches to sit on and space for their legs to go underneath the table, it just needs a bit of tidying up before it can be sanded down and then treated. Which is what Bucky is currently working on. At the other end of the table where they can’t get into too much of an argument.
‘Peter I’ve learned in my life that words don’t mean a lot if actions don’t back them up,’ his voice is getting a little stronger now. ‘And words said in the middle of arguments mean even less. You shout and scream at me as much as you like, but that’s never going to stop me doing everything I can to keep you safe. You mean too much to me, to all of us.’
‘We’ll do our best,’ Natasha says, glancing at Steve as he starts to frown. He just nods in agreement but something inside of him clenches painfully. What if something does tear them apart again? Would they be able to come back from it?
‘Right, going,’ he nods and races over to where some of the others were sat, raising a hand to Bucky as he ducks past where his friend has taken up position. He slides to a pause next to Peter and Bruce. ‘How you guys doing?’
‘Farewell for now friends,’ Thor turns to them all, ‘and my thanks again for agreeing to protect my people and my brother.’
Everyone laughs at the teenager’s plight and Wanda moves the box out of the way for him to lower another. ‘Any news on how he’s getting on?’ she asks.
‘All I know is vodka sucks,’ Peter grumbles. ‘Next time get your country to invent something that tastes half decent.’
Steve fumbles with the tie at his neck, his fingers shaking with thoughts on what he’s about to do. ‘Dammit!’ he curses as the material once again slips through his fingers.
‘Steve-’ Bucky cuts himself off with a curse and he follows his friend’s gaze to see three large blue skinned figures enter the cave entrance. ‘What the
‘You see, Wade,’ Francis says as he comes closer to where I’m still pinning Vanessa to the floor. ‘In
Peter is one of the last ones to reach the common area that morning, and as he walks in he's greeted by the sight of Natasha tending to a cut on Bucky's forehead.
‘Tony you alright?’ Steve asks through the comms, he’s breathing heavily and Tony can hear people yelling in the background so he assumes the soldier’s running to catch up.
Peter growls and, throwing caution to the wind, vaults up the side of the building onto the roof. He arrives to see the mercenary pacing backwards and forwards muttering to himself, and running his hands over his head. Frustration taking over Peter lets a web fly and drags the merc towards him.
‘Tony!’ he catches hold of one of the inventor’s hands when he reaches him, trying to ignore the tears blurring his vision. ‘Stay with me, Tony, come on.’
Tony nods, taking it from Thor’s hand and pressing it into the gauntlet with the one he already has. He can feel additional power coursing through his suit and he wonders how long it’ll be able to withstand the added power for.
Flash turns to face Captain America with his most charming smile. ‘Of course, Captain Rogers. Just a small accident.’
Friday during his last class, which is just as boring as every other week, he gets a message from Tony. He passes it to Ned who looks at him with huge eyes.
‘Yeah well not all of us have super strength you know,’ he taunts the soldier, ‘we need to use our brains instead.’
There’s a cry of outrage from the mat, and Bucky takes advantage of Steve’s distraction to tackle the blond to the floor. ‘Bucky, you jerk! That’s not fair!’
‘How many more times?’ Valkyrie roars from the other end of the table where she’s sitting opposite Thor. ‘We are not doing the poxy opening dance because I flat out
'Aww Anthony that's no way to speak to an old friend now is it?' the oily voice that comes over the speakers is definitely not Ross'.
‘Wait, the kid that stole Steve’s shield? He’s one of the hostages?’ Wanda asks, scrambling to her feet, her mind racing. ‘The one who wouldn’t stop talking?’
‘I’m not so sure,’ Loki muses, ‘I agree that something feels slightly…I’m not sure how to describe it. A little familiar, but also…unnerving.’
‘Something isn’t right,’ he mumbles to Steve. ‘They may not have finished what they started, but she’s been through hell.’
Natasha looks between him and Steve, then nods. ‘Alright. Fifteen minutes. Rhodes is watching the whole time on the cameras, I’m in there with you and Steve is sat outside. The minute I tell you to get out you leave without argument, is that understood?’
‘Briefing room people,’ Nick says, ‘and anyone else threatens anyone I’m giving Peter full permission to kick your arse. You got that kid?’
Wade holds his hands up. ‘Sorry, sorry. I just… I appreciate the thought, Stark, but I don’t think Spidey really wants to spend Christmas looking at this mug,’ he gestures to his mask.
There’s a moment of silence on the end of the phone and Tony is just about to check he’s still connected when May responds, tone cautious. ‘The same we do every year; we’re probably going to stay here and eat too much food and watch stupid Christmas movies. And I’ll ban him from even thinking of going on patrol.’
‘However,’ one of them says, ‘I will not say that all will be content with you taking the throne, considering your past deeds.’
‘Venom was taken by HYDRA,’ he cuts across Sam. ‘He may have seen or heard something whilst he was being held that could be useful. He may have learnt something when he briefly took over that guard when he escaped. But we won’t know unless I go back into his memories and I can’t do that without help.’
'Sharon?' Steve's surprised at the woman's visit; they haven't been in contact since the Accords. The former SHIELD agent is dressed in jeans and a shirt and, despite best intentions, Steve finds himself searching her features for any reminder of Peggy.
‘Charming as ever, Wade, and you’re welcome,’ Weasel says as he leaves the two of them alone, closing the door behind him.
He doesn’t want to open his eyes just yet, that usually leads to bright lights and lots more pain. So he decides taking stock of his surroundings and injuries would be a good start. There’s a steady beeping in the background, and the tell-tale sound of machines working.
She gently brushes a strand of unwashed hair from his forehead. ‘You just focus on making sure Steve gets you to that jet in one piece, leave the rest to us.’
An early Christmas gift to all my loyal and wonderful readers of 'Another Chance'. You obviously don't have to have read the series to understand this story, but if you enjoy go check out the main series!
They stay there for a good twenty minutes, Peter’s legs are going numb by the end of it, but he’s got names of people they supply to, the drugs they’re selling, names of their suppliers, and dates of meetings. Despite the numbness in his limbs he’s feeling pretty good about the situation. He’s not sure how he could have done a more thorough job.
‘Pete. Hey, Pete look at me,’ he runs shaky fingers of his left hand through the boy’s soft hair. ‘Peter,
‘I’m not happy,’ Natasha says, looking at Thor, ‘but seeing as you two have changed your minds I’ll give him a chance.
‘How many times am I going to have to come and save your punk ass then Buck?’ Steve asks, his strained smile betraying how difficult he’s finding making the joke. It reminds Bucky of when he left to go to war, back before the serum when they’d gone to the Expo.
‘Please don’t baby me,’ he says, ‘I know I’ve had a rough time recently and I’m not exactly a hundred percent right now, but I’m not useless and I don’t need cotton wool around me and I want to help. Even if it’s just to know I’m not the only one who’s scared.’
‘The majority of the team don’t have any family left,’ Tony responds, giving Steve’s hand a squeeze where it’s resting on his stomach. ‘And those of us that do don’t really see eye to eye with them. We’ve all adopted the team as our family, and Peter is part of that, and as his family so are you.’
Bucky stays silent and continues to unpack his clothes, only now realising he’s been folding everything on his bed with military precision. Part of him is tempted to mess it all up.
The woman grins. ‘But you will, Wanda. After all, HYDRA created you so it’s the least you can do, don’t you think?’ Then she puts a hand to her mouth. ‘Oh, and how rude of me, I completely forgot to introduce myself. Agatha Harkness. Wonderful to meet you, dearie.’
‘Yes, I just wanted to ask you a question. A rather important question and I’m not really sure how to go about it. I mean,’ the humanoid is visibly nervous and Peter has no idea what he’s talking about, ‘I mean I know it is a tradition to ask a male member of the family, but as she has no living relatives I initially thought I wouldn’t do it. Then I thought that she sees you as a brother and I thought it would be best to ask in case-’
Loki places a reassuring hand on Peter’s shoulder and smiles at him. ‘Let him make his own choice, Spiderling.’
‘It’s the Midgard equivalent to our Yule celebrations. The reason you never took part is most likely because you’d returned to Asgard for Yule,’ Loki explains, addressing the last part to his brother. ‘Except there is quite a lot of differences between the reasons for the celebration, and also in the actual celebrations themselves. I for one have never quite understood the concept of a red clothed man flying through the sky in a chariot.’
Peter groans. ‘Fine!’ He hauls himself to his feet and takes his can to the kitchenette to throw it away then heads towards the door. ‘You coming or do you really want to risk accidentally going into Bucky’s room rather than your own?’
‘Hey! You giant blob of- don’t hit my when I’m insulting you!’ Wade shouts. ‘No one throws my Baby Boy and- STOP INTERRUPTING ME!’
‘I’m heading to the bathroom I’ll meet you at the bar?’ she says, walking off before he gets a chance to say anything.
‘I just wanted to say thank you,’ he guesses honesty is the best policy, ‘for including me today. I know no one would have been particularly comfortable with me being here, so I wanted to let you know I really appreciate it.’
‘I have no idea,’ Steve shivers a little as a new gust of wind rips around them. ‘How are you not cold?’ he frowns at Loki.
‘Peter!’ a happy shout from behind them has Peter turning around just as Wanda throws her arms around him in a big hug.
‘I’m curious now though,’ Sam pipes up. ‘You said you’ve known you’ve been bi for a while, so I take it you’ve either had a boyfriend or had a crush on a boy before right?’
‘Fit it in wherever we can I say,’ Tony responds, looking around the park at the many people spending their time in the sunlight. ‘At least it gives us a good excuse not to have the rest of the team around.’
‘Yeah but Peter’s convinced him that one needed changing,’ Tony can’t help but chuckle, ‘I need to hear the story I think; but Wade’s not moving on the others. Which makes me feel a little happier if I’m honest; plus if I can make an attempt at holding down a relationship with Captain America I don’t think I can say Deadpool can’t have a chance at holding down one of his own.’
Peter turns around and shoves the pillow into a cackling Wade’s face. ‘Remind me why I put up with you.’
‘Boys,’ she presses her comms link with one finger, her other hand still working away, ‘you want to try and keep out of sight of the cameras more?’
It took slightly longer than expected to get everyone ready, especially since some had to go and get changed first. Eventually they’re all gathered on the grass outside the facility and Rhodes is setting up the goals with spare jumpers, having decided it would be safer for him to sit this one out and act as the umpire. Not that he’s expecting anyone to listen.
Loki cuts in before the doctor can respond and explains what Stephen told him. ‘You need to bring someone from Kamar-Taj to watch over the Sanctum for a couple of weeks. I will take Strange back to the facility where he will be on forced magical rest until he is fully recovered and able to return to his duties without risk to his health.’
Bucky starts to come over to help him carry Tony but Steve shakes his head. Gently prising the screwdriver from his hand, Steve picks up the inventor, who is worryingly light in his arms, and navigates his way around Tony’s projects to lay him down on the sofa. The former assassin drapes the blanket over him and Steve can’t help but smile as Tony snuggles into it.
Bucky nods again. ‘Yeah. It came up before you all came back. But he doesn’t feel the same way about me.’
‘Wanda? Remember what you told me before you left,’ Tony sends one last message before Bucky has to break the part of the link that enables him to see through Loki’s eyes.
Wanda closes her eyes and covers her ears. ‘I don’t want to know. I don’t need that mental scarring!’
‘You go ahead,’ Tony waves at them. ‘I’ve got to make sure these two know how to tie skates from this century.’ He laughs and ducks a swipe from Bucky and the others push off onto the ice.
‘No I tend to get rid of the nightmares before they turn up to haunt him, kind of like I’m doing with you, fuckwit.’
Tony is currently sat in the back of a car with the kid, being driven back to his home by Happy and giving him a chance to cover up his trademark suit.
MJ raises an eyebrow as she slides in beside him. ‘How many has he had?’ she nods at the bowl of ice cream in front of Loki.
‘Oh not too bad,’ she says, ‘so far everyone I’ve spoken to has been polite. Though I’ve been sticking to Vision’s side like the plague. Apparently I’m not allowed to follow him to get drinks though.’
After half an hour of both men ending up in laughing fits and a couple of squashed toes on Tony’s side he’s pretty sure the Captain will never be compared to Fred Astaire. He is however, getting the general gist of slow dancing; though Tony is not going to volunteer to teach him anything more energetic. ‘Alright Capsicle how about you have a go at leading me now?’
‘The new Accords? I’ve read them,’ Steve slips into his Captain voice and Tony feels a cold drop of dread settle in his scarred chest.
Still checking over her shoulder with every step she eventually reaches the closest of the charges, and starts setting the timer.
A/N: Hi everyone! Hope you enjoy these two chapters, especially as Wade is back. Do let me know what you think, especially with how everyone is acting around Loki, and Peter's defending of Doctor Strange.
‘That’s true… but still I’d like to know- Wanda?’ he blinks in surprise at the young woman leaning against the school gates. She catches sight of the two of them and smiles, waving as they get closer and coming up to give them both a hug.
Natasha grins. ‘Unless one of them manages to damage the other in their antics, in which case we stand a chance.’
That’s when Thanos appears. ‘You will not take the stones from me!’ he roars, heading towards Tony, who is still kneeling, fighting off the power from the stones that are coursing through his suit.
‘Well tell me when you want me here, or come and join me,’ he hears as he starts to fall asleep. There’s three words he wants to say as he drifts off, but he doesn’t quite have the courage right now.
‘Now these are some of the main labs,’ Sam explains, placing his hand on the scanner and stepping through once the doors slide open, ‘mostly these are kept for the team’s use and for a few select others. I’ll be honest: mainly because Tony and Bruce make things explode more than is safe for other people to be around.’
‘Check the wall to your right, Cap,’ Peter cuts in, ‘according to the scans from your suit it looks like there’s a space behind it.’
she sighs, trying to block out their latest disagreement. About whether red is the best colour for a super-suit. Considering one of them doesn’t care much about stealth, and one doesn’t even own something that could be considered a super-suit, it’s quite possible their dumbest argument so far. And that really is saying something.
‘Captain,’ the king returns the Wakandan salute, then embraces each of them in turn, ‘Tony, it’s good to see you both again. We were starting to wonder where you had run off to.’
‘So do you,’ he replies, scooting over on the bed so Steve has room to lie down next to him. ‘Probably something to do with the possible end of the world.’
‘He was more interested in selling us anyway,’ he spits at the older man. ‘We could have got out later.’
Steve’s favourite thing about the training room is being able to box with Bucky just like he’d always wished he could when he was young and curled up in bed fighting off yet another lung infection that could be the one to claim his life.
Loki has to restrain himself from looking at Thor. ‘Yes he did. More so with actions he took after my first visit to Midgard. What I came to realise was that it was my rage and my hurt that had taken me to where I was and it could take me no further.’
‘Hey stop it,’ she slaps him lightly on the shoulder. ‘No more of that talk, Clint. We’re all fine and will
‘The right to rule,’ the Jotun smirks. ‘I suppose I should not be surprised you do not recognise me, Laufeyson. But then this is not the way I perhaps should have greeted you…
‘Sure thing Wade, hand it over and I’ll put it behind the bar.’ Weasel then hands him the money for the job, which he pockets without checking. He’s too tired to check anything right now.
‘Wade,’ Tony says again. ‘Take it off.’ They have a staring contest which, for some reason, Wade decides to let him win. He sighs and puts the gun down on a shelf and then grips the top of the mask before pulling it off, looking down at the floor as he feels the other man’s eyes on him.
‘Hey!’ Tony shouts, moving to intercept her and sending them both spiralling out of the window. Unfortunately she manages to grab the end of Vision’s cloak on her way out, bringing him out with them. Spinning them around Tony tries desperately to throw her off and grab onto Vision, but she’s determined not to let the humanoid go, and the three of them spiral down the side of the lab and towards the hard ground below. He can hear Wanda and Bruce shouting their names, and on one of their spins he thinks he sees the young woman following them down, her power controlling her decent.
Natasha watches as Tony’s eyes go wide and he tries to struggle against the guard as he reaches down and rips the shirt the inventor is wearing.
Tony gives a small laugh. ‘You know, I used to sneak down after Mom went to bed to play with Dad and the rest of the Commandos. Guess this means I’ve now played with the whole set.’
Thank you as always to everyone who is sticking with this story, and big thanks to the people that are only just finding it and catching up in one go. We're getting close to the end now, which is a little surreal I'm not going to lie. And of course thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos on this story. Your support is absolutely incredible and I love you all! I'm pretty sure I've been good this week and responded to everyone as well. Go me!
‘So do I,’ Tony mutters as he’s left alone. Taking a deep breath he closes his eyes and presses the call button, lifting the phone to his ear.
‘Yeah but Carol has her friends on other planets to be with, and she did say she’d try and get here for New Year. Besides I think she would have only been comfortable here if Fury had been here as well; she’s still trying to navigate everyone properly and getting used to being around humans again.’
Tony struggles to keep his mind focussed, because seeing Captain America in nothing but swim trunks laughing with his friend is doing strange things to his stomach.
She sighs good-naturedly and frowns at him. ‘You are impossible, Tony. I’m now remembering why my life was so peaceful before I came here.’
There’s a few moments of quiet, before her strained voice carries back to him. ‘Hurry up, Barnes, we need to find Hulk.’
that’s going to work in practise until this school trip. None of you have really wanted to hide what and who you are before, Peter’s been the only one who does, and he’d managed that fine by keeping the two sides of his life fairly separate. But…well as soon as there’s been a hit of the two worlds having to co-exist, that’s when the strain has appeared. For the majority of individuals they’ll be able to keep their “superhero” life and “normal” life separate. But what happens when they start to get closer? We have to be equipped to help them should anyone want to join the team, and we have to be able to show anyone interested in joining that
‘You do know if you’d given me space I could have had the suit out right?’ he coughs around the dust from the explosion.
‘You did really well today, kid, I’m proud of you,’ he slings an arm over Peter’s shoulders and walks them over to their drinks, impressed with himself for making the youngster out of breath for once. ‘Next time we get some training time together I’ll take you through some boxing moves.’
world Vanessa may have died because you couldn’t look after her properly. But in this world, she lived, and she decided to come and see us. We unlocked her mutant ability as well and it proved to be
The confusion on Peter’s face turns to glee as the beginning bars of the trademark Frozen song echo down the corridor. ‘Sure thing Mr Stark,’ his tone is cheery as he whistles along with the melody down the corridor. Tony gives himself enough time to listen to him starting to sing purposely off-key along with Elsa, much to Bucky’s voiced horror, before heading down to the garage.
‘For you maybe,’ Shuri rolls her eyes and Tony has to bite back a grin at the offended look on the archer’s face. ‘But the trail leads back to a
‘Heading to the Sanctum. Happy’s going to get Pete and take him up to you. Wanda and Vision are meeting us there. If this is Thanos or any of his lieutenants then we need to get to the people with the stones now.’
of them. I just didn’t want you to feel that you had to take this form if you did not want to; you are my brother whether you look Asgardian or Jotun.’
‘Calm down, Spider,’ Natasha says. ‘Most of the time you’re not looking when you dodge hits in training anyway, you’re focussing too much on not being able to see.’
‘I…I’m alright I guess? I mean…Shuri says she’s going to get started on Vision as soon as we’ve all left, but that it’s going to take her a long time because she wants to make sure she’s doing everything properly. It could….it could take a while, and it might not work but…’
Natasha’s face softens with understanding and he realises just how much he misses her. She just gets things without you needing to go into long winded explanations.
‘Yeah well you’ve been all sorts of impossible so far, Baby Boy. I really wouldn’t be surprised by anything you pull out of the bag any more. Now I really do think we should get you home before you manage to convince me to remove
shells that destroyed their home in the hands of people they should never have been sold to. They spent
‘And I realised that what I’d been doing for centuries: shutting myself off from the world and my pain and my memories? That my lover would have hated that was how I’d repaid her sacrifice. She gave her life so I could live, not so I could slowly destroy myself.’
‘Six in total,’ comes the reply, Ross turning to face Rhodes. ‘It seems to have been some kind of science event that was taking place. The majority of the crowd have managed to get out. The speaker, a Dr Judith Monroe, is one of the hostages.’
experiments,’ Tony has to rein in his temper to not shout, ‘the technology we are using to help Barnes could be used in the future to help other victims of trauma recover, it just needs to be ratified by medical councils. What we are conducting is
‘That would be nice,’ she admits, ‘I haven’t really done much like that at all before, so it’ll be nice to have the chance to do all the tourist type things.’
‘They’re already doing all they can, but…’ Peter trails off unsure of what to say. They’ve been trying to keep Tony’s disappearance away from the media, but it was only a matter of time now, what with no leads and the trails going cold. ‘We need a different set of skills to help with this particular problem.’
‘It’s the one thing he’ll never expect me to do,’ Tony nods. ‘He thinks I don’t give a damn what the public thinks, so he won’t expect me to go to them for the battle field.’
Agatha pulls her magic to her fingertips and grins at Wanda. Then the grin falls away and she looks back at her hands, snapping her fingers again. Nothing happens.
The two of them creep down a fire escape and enter through the third floor, the door is already half broken so it doesn’t take much for Peter to pull it open. Thankfully it doesn’t make too much noise. Silently the two of them creep along, following Karen’s instructions, and reach the second floor.
‘We shall dine downstairs,’ T’Challa reassures them. ‘And no one will comment on whether or not you have found time for a shower, Clint.’
Against his better judgement Peter nods, crossing his arms over his chest. ‘You’ve got two minutes. If you start spouting the same stuff as Mr Stark I’m leaving mid-sentence.’
‘Show no mercy,’ Loki answers for them, his eyes flickering between red and green. On hearing what had happened with Wanda the brothers had returned from the UN, apparently T’Challa had wanted to come but Nakia had convinced him it was better to continue the battle in the UN. According to Thor the king had not been amused.
‘Then I pity the poor fucker, because the boss is not going to be very patient if anything starts to go wrong.’
‘Can it, Rogers,’ after a pause Tony adds. ‘Care to explain why he arrived wearing Bucky’s hoodie this afternoon?’
again, honey,’ he drops his voice a little so as not to be overheard, ‘never are you doing it alone I promise.’
‘We’ve slipped too far out of his control,’ Natasha adds, coming to join them, ‘that’s why he’s doing this. He wants-’
Do let me know what you think about this chapter and where you think this series is going to go. I'd love to hear your thoughts!
‘You know, Wanda,’ Agatha’s voice is more conversational again rather than taunting as she comes to hover in front of her, ‘this is some proper power you have here, sweetie. And now that I’ve had a taste of it? I think I know where it all came from. I mean you showed me how you were made, Wanda darling, you let me into your head.’
Peter shrugs. ‘The team likes to talk about old missions and stuff, so it’s just a case of listening. Plus Vision has some really interesting insights on the Ultron incident, you should talk to him about it if you’re interested in Ultron actually, I mean I’ve stayed up till like three in the morning talking to him about it. It’s so interesting.’
Steve shakes his head, rubbing the back of his neck. ‘Not unless my Nanna getting me to stand on her feet when I was four counts.’
‘Why? I’ve got a perfectly good view from here. Besides it’s probably Mark just grabbed the new guy’s arse like he always-’ the crowd has moved enough that Wade catches sight of a mop of brown hair and a lithe frame holding the man against the wall.
‘No,’ Steve’s the one who interrupts. ‘We leave it until he brings it up. If he doesn’t want to do what Fury wants, then he doesn’t have to. We made it clear this was his time to have a break from everything super-hero related, if we bring it up he’ll feel pressured to do something.’
‘Ugh, fine, I’ll go play nice,’ she huffs, then points a finger in his face. ‘But I want you to look through this and tell me why you think it isn’t working. Also,’ she grins, ‘here’s the video I promised you of T’Challa trying out that suit for the first time and going flying.’
The inventor gives him a small smile, patting the hand on his shoulder. ‘Me too, Cap.’ Then he walks past him and heads towards his bedroom, leaving Steve with a small smile of his own, and his hand tingling with warmth.
He looks around at the team. All of them in various stages of shock. Peter is still sobbing in Natasha’s arms, the woman herself barely seems to be keeping her composure as reality sinks in; Wanda is crying, Vision holding her close as he looks to Steve for instruction. Rhodes is looking lost, but determined and waiting like a soldier for commands; Bucky looks like he’s one second away from ripping something in half, but is looking at Steve too. Everyone is waiting for him to make the decision.
The first laugh all day sounds in the room, and even if it is strained it certainly helps to lift the mood. They all follow T’Challa down to his private dining room, where Nakia and Okoye are already waiting with Shuri and Wade; everyone sits down together and, as they help themselves to the food laid out in front of them, they start sharing their information.
‘No it’s just sickening,’ Peter’s head appears next to Sam’s. ‘You try being in the lab and they forget you’re there. If it wasn’t for the fact I’m passed the stage of mental scarring thanks to Wade I’d need therapy!’
‘That’s exactly what Nat says!’ Sam laughs, and Bucky resists the urge to punch the pair. He’d never tell them this, but he loves them really. Very, very deep down.
Dinner doesn’t kill anyone. In fact it’s nothing less than the usual indescribably wonderful food that Mama Rhodes has turned out for years. Or at least as long as Tony has known her. The conversation flows easily, so do the drinks, and the food disappears quicker than usual; by the end everyone is stuffed and not really willing to move.
‘Well I’m sorry your jokes are so crap they have to be explained,’ Peter laughs as he drops down to avoid the merc’s swipe at his head, two feet and one hand keeping him stuck to the building, and the other still munching on the taco.
‘Don’t make her more dangerous than she already is,’ he groans. MJ just sticks her tongue out in reply. ‘Real mature MJ,’ he laughs. ‘Have you been introduced yet?’ He gestures to Matt.
‘I’d better get moving with some of the Accords business,’ Nick says, ‘and apparently I have a law firm to visit.’
‘Your ability to phase means that you can avoid harm from the attacks. None of the others have the same ability.’
‘Yes, you could, you just didn’t want to,’ he grumbles. He sighs again when he hears the doors open and the sound of the second group from the field trip coming into the labs.
‘Pete? You know why I freaked out back there?’ Bucky continues, voice a little steadier than before. Peter shakes his head. ‘It’s because I felt like I’d gone full circle back to before the war and I’m watching Steve getting taken out to the back alley to get beaten up; and I
Bucky grabs Steve by the shoulder and pushes him back towards their original car, making his meaning crystal clear, then does the same for Thor before scooping up Wanda’s motionless body and following behind them.
‘Um, hey Doc,’ he waves still distracted by the number of books he can see, and slowly walks over to where the man is sitting in a large chair in front of a desk.
Thor’s happy response is to pick up his brother, and the puppy, into a big hug that has Loki laughing and the puppy voicing its objections very loudly. ‘He has a loud voice,’ Thor laughs as he releases the pair.
Sam comes to lean against the counter next to him, only just dodging a rolled up ball of wrapping paper that Peter throws towards Bucky. ‘I got to admit,’ he says as he reaches the inventor, ‘when Steve said you were going to get Deadpool to join us for Christmas I didn’t think it would end up going this well.’
‘Ok, Mr Harris would you mind splitting everyone into two groups please? You know your students better than I do,’ Steve smiles at their teacher. ‘The first group can head up to the labs first with Peter, Wanda and Sam. The second group can come with me and Natasha and we’ll start with the outside training facilities and end with the labs.’
‘Screw you,’ Strange snaps, ‘I know my limits. And we didn’t have much of a choice. Kamar-Taj was attacked by someone we once called an ally. We may have pushed him back for now, but I’m sure he will gather more power and return in the future.’
‘Doesn’t look like much has changed since I last saw you all,’ the wizard chuckles. ‘Does it ever calm down in here?’ he motions to where Thor and Valkyrie are wrestling over what looks like the last of the mead that Tony now has to order in bulk.
Loki takes the figure of his mother back and places her on the side, placing a spell to ensure it would never melt. ‘I am not used to being somewhere with Thor where I am not seen as second best; only Mother ever made me feel equal to him before coming here. I am not sure how I feel about celebrating Yule, its bringing back a lot of memories that are not all as happy as Thor’s are.’
for years, then found out he’d been tortured by the Soviets into a brainless weapon. I thought I’d lost Pepper when I faced the Mandarin. Wanda lost her twin brother in Segovia. We lose people, Peter. What matters is that you remember the people that you lose, and you keep trying to save others.’
Harry scoffs. ‘Like I give a shit what that guy thinks. I missed you, Pete, and no one talks to my best friend like that.’
to get them all back. What was the real reason behind it all Stark? You can’t tell me it was all for the sake of protecting the world like you had the Council believe. I think it was much more
‘Thank god for some good news,’ Rhodes says as they relay it over the comms. ‘There don’t seem to be too many soldiers here to deal with. But I can’t see Wanda, Strange or Wade.’
Peter tries not to come across as defensive as he reaches into his pocket and takes out the piece of paper that he’d copied the addresses on earlier, he places it on the table in front of her and then takes a seat on one of the armchairs.
‘I’m doing alright,’ Peter replies with a grin, ‘helps when you can talk to people who know the subject of your project.’
Tony shakes his head. ‘There’s always a certain amount I kept to one side if emergency aid was required somewhere so it wouldn’t eat into any donations to other projects. I’ve been speaking to Pepper about getting some more set aside for us to use. Since this place and all SI’s buildings run on arc reactors we do manage to save quite a bit on energy bills.’
‘Alright everyone, settle down,’ the teacher cuts off Peter’s retort as he enters the classroom. Flash and Peter take their seats, both frowning at the other. Peter only breaks their staring contest when Ned elbows him in the side and he turns back to face the front.
He shakes his head; he’s in his Jotun form now, and on his head is a crown of ice. Tony has to admit it suits him. ‘I don’t know. I’m worried that it has taken him so long.’
‘Tony still not forgiven him for the last explosion I take it?’ Bucky leans next to him, handing him a mug of something hot.
Next time she’s going to let them kill each other. Wade’ll come back and she’ll be able to keep her promise to Pete.
alive, he’s behind this and they’re continuing Weapon X which means we could end up having to face a whole fucking army of mutants under the control of a British psychopath. This site is supposed to be their main test site. If it’s him he’ll be here.’
Wade’s jaw is still firmly set, but he looks a little more likely to listen. ‘Just…someone from my past who I killed. A long time ago.’
Wade cuts off Francis’ sentence by disarming him and holding one of his swords against his neck. ‘Finish that sentence, Francis. I
‘We could hold it at Kamar-Taj for now,’ Wong suggests. ‘And then once HYDRA is dealt with we could return it to you.’
Loki nods. ‘I think it would be unwise to leave them unchecked. Especially since the destruction of Asgard.’
‘Good enough for me,’ he says with a smile. ‘Now come on I need to get something for Vis before we head back.’
‘This is true,’ he lets himself enjoy the embrace for a few moments and then pulls away. ‘How am I such a screw up that the man who is supposed to be my godfather wants me out the way? Am I really that terrible a person?’
Vision takes that moment to phase through the floor. ‘I imagine nothing terrible, Captain Rogers. Mr Stark is probably being dramatic. Hence the reason for asking us all to come up here.’
The closest he can come to describing it is like a bat’s sonar reading you see on films and TV; it’s not quite a clear as that, but it’s the best comparison he can come up with. He wonders if this is how Matt fights and makes a note to ask the vigilante when he next runs into him. Or just to text him later.
,’ Tony rolls his eyes. ‘If you don’t make sweet love to me until neither of us can walk straight I’m going to kick you out of the bedroom for a
‘All that we saw are the times that the Symbiote has influenced you directly. There is nothing in your mind to suggest it is still able to do so.’
Valkyrie nearly stabs him when he catches her on their return to the common area, and Natasha manages a slap before he darts out of reach. Strange shoves him through a portal which sends him to the other side of the compound when he catches him by the breakfast bar.
Peter nods and places his hands into Strange’s, noticing the tremble in the doctor’s hands but deciding against mentioning it just yet.
‘No I don’t think they were initially. I think, when I shut it down, perhaps they found a few stragglers and convinced them to continue the work. In which case I didn’t do as good a job shutting the fuckers down as I thought, so this is my mess to clean up. Only…’
‘We’ve got a situation,’ Fury explains, ‘and with my entire team about to be busy in two separate places I need someone to take care of it.’
‘T’Challa!’ Nakia leaps across to the king, sending them both sprawling to the ground just as an explosion rocks through the room.
‘Why does no one believe I can be nice?’ he grumbles under his breath as he finally reaches the portal and steps through. As soon as he does he is nearly knocked off of his feet by Strange’s Cloak. ‘What are you doing you ridiculous creation?’
His head is ringing from his crash, but there’s another warning and he’s not entirely sure where he’s moving to except that he’s moving out of the way of the attack, and feels the air above his leg stirred as Vision’s attack misses him by millimetres.
. Just…just promise whatever you do you won’t hurt him? He was the first member of the team when Tony introduced me to everyone who made an effort to get to know me and he’s been like a guardian angel ever since. I don’t want to see him hurt again, he doesn’t deserve that. So if you want to be with him don’t sit around, just go for it. But only do it if you aren’t going to mess him around.’
‘You got anything that needs testing?’ she asks, perching on one of the stools near the door. She’s learned the hard way it’s always better to stay as far away from Tony and inventing as possible if you don’t want to get singed.
He smiles at the boy. ‘You always get fidgety when you bring him up, because you don’t think I want to hear you talk about him.’
‘Budge over, Barton,’ he says, taking the pilot’s seat, ‘I’m turning off all navigational systems and flying us under the radar.’
There’s a rare genuine smile on her face as she looks at him. ‘You’ve grown up quite a bit these last few years, Peter. You shouldn’t be so surprised we trust you.’
There’s a bit more debate between the council members before Tony is allowed to leave. It’s been nearly a week and a half since Bucky returned to them and the man has barely been out of the chair. Sometimes with only one of either Vision or Wanda present to help heal his mind. Tony’s not sure he’s ever seen someone so determined, but he knows it’s because Bucky wants Steve to be able to come home.
‘You’ll what? Arrest Iron Man as well as Captain America for charges which were dropped? Is that how America runs her justice system now?’ Tony notices a few of the soldiers’ guns dropping as they look to each other for a hint as to what to do. ‘Hey, Vis? If I uploaded a video to the internet, how long before you think it’d go viral?’
‘Don’t get too cocky,’ Strange chastises, seemingly still fairly sober, ‘you don’t know how much longer you’ll be lasting.’
Loki is quiet as they continue their journey to the training room, and Vision remembers Wanda’s lessons about not pushing people to answer questions if it seems they are reluctant to answer and does not add any more. ‘Are you confident with assuming your other form?’ Vision asks.
‘One step ahead of you,’ he replies, wincing as he reaches up to flip a switch. The engines roar to life as Sam and Vision fly through the back. ‘Let’s go kids.’ Sam closes the door as the jet takes off, and Steve is just able to catch sight of two red clad men disappearing into the darkness of the streets before it closes behind them.
‘Yet he still never listens when we tell him the same thing,’ Steve laughs, coming up on Rhodes’ other shoulder. ‘How are you doing, Ma’am? Having a good Christmas so far?’
Sam finds a light switch and flicks it, flooding the room with light and bringing Tony back to the present.
‘Yeah but he hasn’t been up for food and we all had dinner an hour ago,’ his friend points out. ‘And Pepper left an hour or so before that.’
Distantly they can hear Thor’s booming voice. ‘Friends! Awaken! The time to celebrate Yule has arrived!’
would not be willing to treat with Earth should they put such a tight leash on their main form of defence and they’d be more inclined to invade they decided that our suggestion may have its merits after all.’
‘Can we return to the conversation with everyone else while we have the opportunity please, lovebirds?’ Wanda raises an eyebrow at him.
‘What he means is: Bucky decided to be a human snow plough and we all followed behind him,’ Sam snorts.
‘Come on, Pete, lets get your food and get back to the others, we’ve been waiting for you to come out of the lab,’ Harry’s tone is friendly and light again as he slings an arm over Peter’s shoulders and guides him along the line to get his food then over to where their friends are sitting.
‘Well more with Uncle Gabe to be honest. Those two got really close after the war, what with Morita working with Gabe’s wife and all that. He was always the more chatty of the lot, except for Dum Dum of course. He filled me in on some of your more interesting missions from the war.’
‘What kind of memory did you work through?’ Bucky asks. As Tony’s shoulders tense he quickly adds. ‘I mean so I know what kind of memory might be a good place to start from?’
‘But we couldn’t carry on the way we were either; we weren’t in control of what was happening, we weren’t in control of the damage we were causing. We were at our best place when we had SHIELD at our back, but even that wasn’t safe from corruption.’
A/N: I cannot tell you how excited I got being able to put 'Wakanda Forever' and 'Avengers Assemble' in the same chapter. But I'm sure you can guess.
‘Stop doing that!’ the dark haired man roars, glaring at the smirking god of mischief sitting at the breakfast bar. ‘He’s bad enough as it is without you encouraging him!’
The man shrugs. ‘I thought it was a fitting summary. Hand me your phone, Spider-Man, ain’t no one going to get hold of my web slinger.’
‘Fine, Wanda and Peter can show Wade to his room,’ Natasha rolls her eyes, ‘Bucky you show Nick to his.
stronger than Steve, despite what he might say, so I was going to ask you to train with him soon anyway.’
‘Yeah, nothing that won’t be healed within the hour,’ he says, voice small as he holds up his hands for the man to inspect.
He gestures for Bucky to follow him out of the workshop and the two say nothing until they reach the elevator.
‘The Europe trip,’ Betty says, ‘that’s why Spider-Man was where everything was happening with Mysterio. And why he targeted our group?’
‘What is this, a ballet or something? Hurry it up already,’ Tony says, making sure it’s just loud enough for the soldiers to hear as he makes his way forwards.
‘Yippee ki yay motherfucker!’ Is all the warning Thanos gets before a red-blurred shape falls from the sky, twin swords in their hands and severs the hand with the gauntlet before he can snap his fingers.
‘I’ll keep quiet then,’ he reassures Vision. ‘Come on we better get back before anyone gets suspicious.’ Vision goes to speak to Tony and T’Challa and Peter returns to his friends; Natasha has joined the group in his absence and is giving MJ some tips.
‘They will follow Odin’s son, brother,’ Thor’s voice is determined, ‘and I shall make sure they understand this.’
Peter chuckles. ‘If you want me to come back, you’ll call and tell me? I don’t mind cutting my trip short if you want me back. Just as long as it’s not because you’re going into over-protective mode.’
Tony dazedly looks in and pulls out a piece of paper, an envelope, and a small, very battered looking teddy bear. He’s just opening the envelope when Wanda and Sharon return. The former agent looks pale.
‘You sure you want me to go full Captain on you, punk?’ Steve grins at him, then shakes his head. ‘It’s just me, Buck, and I’m worried about you.’ Bucky isn’t sure how to respond to that. ‘From what you’ve said it sounds like it wasn’t really you that was forcing the argument but
‘Now remember,’ Rhodes says in his full Colonel voice, ‘no one is buying or winning any trees without permission from me and Sam. Understood?’
‘Loki,’ Thor turns to his brother, ‘the Space stone chose me, but I would ask that you keep it safe on Jotunheim. Asgard is unable to defend anything as important as this at the moment, and I trust it will be safe with you and your people.’
‘I think this is the first time I’ve actually seen Natasha anything other than fully with it,’ Rhodes says in wonderment.
Her frown deepens. 'You can explain a few things to me,' her tone turns hostile, and Tony blinks in surprise.
Peter shakes the ringing from his head. He’s now thankful for his quick thinking in getting his Iron Spider suit around him as the ceiling started caving in, managing to protect Sam as he did. He lifts the rubble from on top of them and throws it off.
He’s cut off by the tall Jotun’s bark of laughter. ‘I do not mean that pathetic excuse for a king that you have adopted as a brother,’ Steve notices Loki bristle at the insult to Thor, ‘I am talking about you and me, Laufeyson-’
Do let me know what you think or if there is anything you'd like to see in this series. This story is going to be solely focussing on the mission, not something I've really done much of before so it's a bit of an experiment for me!
Steve could have sworn he sees the sheen of tears in her eyes before she blinks and straightens up. ‘Get him to the jet.
‘In about an hour,’ he replies, standing up with his coffee. ‘We need to leave in ten minutes. Better move quick, soldier.’
‘I’m sure old Tin Can will come up with some kind of machine to help us along if we get pushed for time,’ Wade says, bringing his axe down to rest on the ground. ‘I’m more worried about how we’re going to get the fu-‘ at Steve’s frown the mercenary changes mid-word, ‘-thing down in the first place without destroying anything.’ Then he glares at Bucky who is laughing at him. ‘Oh shut it, Elsa, at least I’m trying.’
They turn a corner and Peter feels guilty leaving Bucky to face the soldiers alone. He needs to get Ned safe and get his suit on first. They find a storage closet and hide in there, Peter pulls his phone out and hands it to Ned. ‘Call Wade,’ he says, ‘tell him where we are. He can get you to the Quinjet while this sedative wears off. Then I can go help.’
Bucky comes to stand next to him, watching him work in silence. In spite of everything he finds the other’s quiet presence comforting. When he reaches for something to the side, a strong grip holds his wrist and spins him round; before he can protest he’s pulled into an embrace.
‘Long story, Baby Boy,’ is the quick response, ‘I’ll tell you some other time. Now come on Frosty the Snowman, let’s get you on your feet, I haven’t got all day.’ Loki still looks wary so Wade huffs again. ‘Oh for fuck’s sake.’ He grabs hold of the man’s arms and helps him to stand. ‘There. That wasn’t too difficult was it?’
I'm hoping to post the next two chapter on Christmas Eve, so do keep your eyes open and let me know what you think of these two chapters.
‘And what are you thinking about at,’ Steve pauses to look over at the clock, ‘half past five in the morning?’
Tony sighs and leads the lawyer back to the group, leaving the team to their discussions. Rhodes falls into step beside him. ‘What’s on the agenda for today then?’
‘Thanos is intending to wipe out half the life in the universe,’ Bruce continues, ‘he’s already got the Power stone, and according to Thor he’ll be going for the Reality stone next.’
‘When I heard that quote from Ross this morning,’ he replies, and the three of them fall into step walking along the corridor.
‘Oh stop your fucking pity party. He forgave you. Made that very clear. You’re just scared is what it is. It’s much easier for you to flirt and dance around commitment, like you always used to before the war, to feel like you used to before all the bad shit happened, but you’re scared of letting anyone get close enough to see the scars that got left behind from everything you went through.’
She smiles and nods. ‘I think you’re right, but just, I don’t know, write him an advice letter or something just in case. He’ll doubt his ability to follow in your footsteps, you know that.’ Tony nods. ‘Who came up with the name Venom anyway?’
‘Tony,’ Natasha pauses, then takes a breath and continues, ‘we’ve been called in for a jail break. It’s the jail Hammer’s at.’
I love you all so much and I cannot begin to describe how much all of you wonderful readers have meant to me whilst writing this; getting your comments and kudos notifications always brightens up my day. I hope you can continue to enjoy the journey in the rest of this series.
‘You know sometimes I think you pick arguments just for the hell of it,’ Steve grumbles as they enter their room, Tony pushes the door closed behind them and leans back against it, arms crossed over his chest.
‘As a lawyer or as Daredevil?’ he asks, he assumes Matt hears his intake of breath as he chuckles. ‘Foggy knows, Peter. It’s only Karen who doesn’t, and I’d rather keep it that way.’
There’s lots of shouting, lots of noise as he hits the ground. He rolls, the movement making the knife dig deeper into his stomach, pulling it across to rip more muscle. He thinks he hears a grunt and the sound of something hitting the ground, but he’s face down in the dirt.
The issue comes at the last platform, easily the most sensitive when it comes to tipping with the additional weight of someone landing on it. Peter times his landing so he hits the middle of the platform again, using some of his sticking ability so he doesn’t go sliding off to one side. Now it’s all going to depend on how well Steve does. He watches, crouching down and trying to avoid the signature Spider-Man crouch, as the blond swings himself forwards and onto the platform.
‘Pepper if they start misbehaving just glare at them and you’ll have them cowering in the corner. Ow!’ he rubs his arm. ‘What was that for?’
Ororo nods, she has a kind face and Peter hopes Wanda might find a friend in her. ‘My tribe sees it as a blessing bestowed by the gods, and a sign of rulership. A bit old -fashioned in my opinion, but who am I to argue too much? As long as it doesn’t stop us from moving forwards of course.’
‘You know, Cap,’ Tony says, pushing back against the railing, ‘I think you might be on to something there.’
He turns around to look at the mercenary, not entirely sure he’s heard correctly. ‘Did you just offer me
Peter’s eyes are tearing as he pulls himself from his memory, meeting Wanda’s gaze over Bucky’s shoulders. There are tears on her face and it looks like she’s waking up from a bad dream, but still unsure where she is.
‘Seems only fair. I know the Daredevil is Matt Murdock. You know Spider-Man is Peter Parker. Just swing by Queens if you ever need a hand in Hell’s Kitchen.’
Rumlow growls and then spins to face Tony, reaching to his back and pulling out a handgun, holding it pointing straight in the middle of Tony’s forehead. Steve reacts by reaching back and pulling out his own gun, aiming straight for Rumlow.
Tony shrugs and looks down where he’s resting a palm on Steve’s chest. ‘Probably before MIT. At first it was fitting in with college life, then it was the parties and alcohol, then it was the nightmares…’ He trails off and looks back into blue eyes. ‘What about you?’
It’s Rhodes who saves him. ‘Because he had every intention of getting rid of it. This house isn’t exactly filled with happy memories for Tony. Haven’t you noticed how everywhere he’s lived since has been the exact opposite of this place?’
Loki gives him a grateful smile and nods. ‘I will, thank you Tony. What is it you are currently working on?’
Tony watches as Peter lets Wade slip an arm over his shoulders and thinks he should make sure he speaks to the boy soon before “I Won’t Say I’m In Love” really does become the soundtrack to his life.
‘It would be nice to have a fresh start after everything,’ Wanda’s voice is quiet, ‘where we can rebuild after all we’ve just been through.’
Tony sets Steve down then flies towards Thanos. ‘Hey! Ugly!’ Thanos turns and knocks him to the side, sending him spiralling as he attempts to right himself. ‘Dammit,’ he curses as he loads up his repuslors. ‘Get off my friend you overgrown action toy.’
Peter blinks in surprise. ‘Uh…yeah well we talked through things so it should be fine. Just was a bit of shock at first, you know?’
‘Between us we should be able to carry the ones that can’t walk,’ Bucky responds, ‘the rest can walk. But that means we won’t be able to defend ourselves. And we can’t leave them here, even if we weren’t about to destroy the place.’
‘Thank you, ma’am,’ he says, talking past the lump in his throat. He watches the family pull out, waving goodbye as they leave the parking lot.
‘Nakia, you and Natasha get Sam to our vehicle and call for backup. We’ll stay and help,’ T’Challa commands, tapping his necklace so his Black Panther suit spreads out over his body, then leaps over the car in front of them to help their friends as soldiers pour out of the van.
‘The other king,’ Steve picks up the story, ‘is the Iron King, and he has made so many different ways of protecting those he loves that the Golden King doesn’t even need to worry about facing anyone, for he knows no one can get past the shields that the Iron King has put in place.’
‘I never said that,’ he cuts off Rhodes. ‘I’d still give them somewhere to go, but they wouldn’t be here and it’d take longer for us to sort out any problems for them. Whether we fully trust him or not we know Loki, and I’d rather do diplomacy with someone I know than someone I don’t, my brain’s too fried with everything else.’
‘Peter and Loki have joined forces,’ Sam sighs from the sofa, ‘and are taking great delight in playing pranks on Bucky.’
‘What’s up Steve?’ he asks quietly, running his hands up and down the soldier’s arms in an effort to comfort him. ‘Your mind’s going so fast even
As Tony enters the common room the next morning he knows he’s in trouble. First of all he’s overslept and he’s got a meeting with the Council he has to leave for in less than thirty minutes if he’s not going to be late. Again.
‘Most of the scientists working with us work in some of the outbuildings, or in the labs downstairs, but we thought it would be more interesting to show you where the crazy scientists of the facility do their work.’
‘I hadn’t seen her in so long,’ is the hoarse reply, ‘I didn’t think she would have wanted me there. Plus,’ Steve notices the quick glance in his direction, ‘there were other people that had more of a place there than me and I didn’t want to take away from their grief.’
The next time Mr Nelson comes out of the office and speaks to Karen he looks over at Peter. ‘Hey, you want to come through kid?’
Harry’s face lights up. ‘Pete that’s awesome! I know how worried you were just before we lost contact about coming out.’
Bucky bursts out laughing. ‘Yeah and it was all my fault that started. I’d been to the bar to get them each their drink and then mixed up the glasses when I gave them their orders.’
‘I think he is more than capable of taking care of himself, but yes we shall perform the illusion that he needs assistance,’ Loki rolls his eyes.
This time Steve’s kiss is firmer, and he knows his soldier is fighting to keep his emotions under control; he gently runs his fingers through the hair at Steve’s nape.
Tony makes some phone calls to get some help, Peter gets some dating advice, and Steve and Tony have a long over-due conversation
‘I understand, Mr Stark,’ then he surprises them all by throwing his arms around Tony and giving him a hug. ‘Thank you.’
They manage to get the webs to act as ropes and Thor, Steve, Bucky and Sam all grab hold of separate ends and start pulling on the trunk, Wade and Peter are at the back pushing the base of the tree. Luckily they haven’t chosen an evergreen so there aren’t any leaves to deal with.
‘There is nothing in the shot that Hammer would be able to tell who Peter was apart from his voice,’ Tony’s furious. ‘So how the hell did he know that was Peter walking through the door?’ He looks up at Natasha. ‘Nat I want to speak to Hammer.’
‘Thank you, FRIDAY,’ he says, making his way along the corridor; when he reaches the common area only Natasha and Sam are present. ‘Good morning.’
‘But we’ve still got them,’ Steve tells him with his full Captain voice. ‘Wanda and Vision need extraction,’ he says into his comms, then turns back to the fight and runs to help.
‘Do you think I would have agreed to this if I wasn’t?’ he retorts, pulling the sunglasses from his face.
Reacting on instinct Peter wraps an arm around his attacker and sends a web up to stop their fall about twenty feet from the alley floor. He looks down to see who’s stupid enough to tackle someone off the side of a building and sees none other than-
He follows the trail of bodies that lead back towards the burning buildings, then a gunshot cuts through the roaring of the flames and he turns, hurrying towards it.
Please let me know what you think! I'll try not to do quite so many horrible heart breaking moments in the future.
‘Guys? We got more incoming and these things aren’t going to be easy,’ Rhodey says. They turn to look at the barrier and see circular contraptions barrelling towards the army. They’re crushing their own forces but it doesn’t look like they particularly care. It was as Proxima Midnight said: they had blood to spare.
‘It’s all about managing people,’ Pepper shrugs her shoulders, ‘we’ve never had a problem and we meet up for coffee every month without fail.’
‘Unless you want me to stick a load of people into Iron Man suits then no, there’s not that many. Considering there weren’t any known individuals with enhanced abilities until Captain America came out of a bottle, is it really that surprising?’
‘I haven’t known him this carefree since we were kids,’ Steve admits. ‘It’s nice to see his smile back.’
Peter just shakes his head as Ned continues to talk excitedly about how the team had actually talked to him, properly, in front of the whole school. His phone goes off with a message and he looks down, a smile creeping onto his face as he reads the message.
‘I suppose if we said it was a department store that was a front for intergalactic smuggling? I’m sure we could convince Star Lord and Rocket to agree with us.’
‘Mr Parker? Mr Parker!’ he snaps his head up, trying his best to ignore the sniggers from Flash. ‘Mr Parker can you
Peter can’t help his smile. He’s missed Harry. ‘I’ll introduce you to him when we get to the facility.’
A/N: Hi everyone. I'm so sorry I'm a couple of days late. Honestly? I've lost track of the days. As an apology there'll be a double update this week.
He gets an eye roll in response. ‘It’s not like it was my first time, Tony; you make it sound like I was raised in a monastery or something.’
small, and also really big. And Hope’s is super cool because she can fly as well. Plus she’s generally more kick ass than Scott, just don’t tell him I said that. I mean tell Hope, but not Scott. That’s his daughter Cassie in the picture with them, she’s pretty cool too.’
Hopefully the sneak peek gives you an idea of what the focus is going to be for a couple of chapters. Let me know if there's anything you'd like to see from this series, or even other stories. As always thank you so much for the truly wonderful and overwhelming support for this story.
Loki appears to be struggling to process what he’s seeing so Bucky chooses to stay silent; he does move a few steps along when asked though.
His teacher just shakes his head. ‘I’m sure Tony Stark will discuss that with you when you next see him, Parker. Now hurry on to your next lesson before you get another detention for being late.’
Steve just realises what he’s blurted out. Well he’s just going to have to run with it now. ‘You asked where I’d like to go,’ he says, trying to pretend to be more relaxed about it than his racing heart was suggesting and shrugging, ‘there’s an Italian round the corner from me. Giacomo’s. I mean…’ he tries not to fidget, ‘if you don’t have any other plans do you fancy going? Tonight?’
Bruce laughs. ‘You bring all those questions to the lab when you’ve got rid of these webs. And next time make sure you’ve got some of that anti-web fluid in the shooters yeah? I must admit this is the first time I’ve had to cut a spider out of their own web.’
Between the three of them they manage to make it most of the way back to the entrance before they run into trouble.
He’ll be the first to admit he almost enjoys training more now than he did before, mainly because there’s so many different things he’s doing now whereas he always had a fixed routine before. He still has a routine he does each morning and evening, but that’s more about keeping up his strength and stamina, rather than building on it too much.
‘You’ll be fine, kid,’ Tony assures him as they finally leave the city limits and start heading upstate. ‘Just be yourself and try not to get too nervous. Now tell me what’s been happening at school until we get there.’
It’s only a little later, as Mama and May are in the kitchen with Wanda and Rhodes preparing dinner that Tony gets a chance to speak to Peter. He finds the youngster sitting looking out of a window with a thoughtful expression on his face.
The Battle of Wakanda begins, with the opening giving the Avengers the upper hand. Until they realise some of the team are in danger.
a sore spot after all these years? I know, why don’t we find a way to introduce your little spider to Vanessa huh? I mean she’s a bit different now to how you remember her, but then so will Spider-Man by the time they meet. Hey maybe they can compare notes on how you performed. Tell me do you let the little spider take you, or do you just fuck him into the mattress every night and just take what you want? Maybe I could even-’
‘That’s all we can do for now,’ Strange sighs, ‘that alone has increased our chances of that future exponentially.’
‘There is so much wrong with that sentence I don’t even know where to start,’ Rhodes shakes his head.
‘Steve? Babe look at me,’ Tony puts gloved hands to Steve’s face and forces him to look at him. ‘You don’t have to do this. You can go sit with Rhodey and Vision if you want.’
Wade just laughs and pulls him towards the door. ‘Come on, Spidey, even arachnids need their sleep.’
‘Course you can,’ he smiles as the teen wraps his arms around him in thanks. Well it’s not like he was going to be able to resist the puppy eyes anyway. ‘You want me to clear it with May?’
Peter starts to open up to Tony about his new relationship, but they're interrupted by some unexpected visitors.
I've gifted this story to Miciagatta33 and IchBinEs for being the most faithful comment-ers a writer could ask for. Thank you so much for always leaving a comment, it really brightens my week to read them and the fact that you both leave one on every chapter is just absolutely incredible.
‘Let me contact T’Challa, we need to get the Accords moving sooner than I’d hoped. Something tells me there is more than just HYDRA at work here, and I want us to be able to face it without jumping through hoops and losing a chance every time it gets within our grasp.’
'You want us to just bring back your decapitated head?' Natasha asks deadpanned, one eyebrow raised. Then she shrugs. 'Suppose it's not the most outlandish thing anyone's ever asked me to do.'
when they realised what they’d done. Think Stewart wanted to take me to hospital but May talked him down and put me into bed then went to talk to the other boys. I got bored though so climbed up on the roof.’
‘Then we’ve just got some Yule Feast preparations to do before the others arrive,’ Bruce adds, ‘and we can focus on celebrating.’
‘I hope your usual light tone means you do not hold us responsible for Secretary Ross’ actions yesterday?’ the Chinese representative asks.
‘Thor hasn’t got near it yet has he? He was talking about ‘”improving” it earlier with something I’m not even going to attempt to pronounce,’ she asks as she takes it from him.
Peter would disagree as Bucky slides into the back next to him. The back of the car is tense as Ned keeps up a steady stream of chatter in the front as he directs Sam to his home. When they finally arrive Peter is about ready to jump out of the window and see if he can track down Deadpool; he’s pretty sure the merc is the only one who’d be able to save him at this particular moment in time.
Thor looks back to see the Quinjet landing at the brow of the hill, the back opens and Natasha climbs out, heading down towards them.
‘Oh, but Wade,’ Francis reappears further ahead, ‘I think you’ll have so much more fun fighting someone you love rather than hate.’
Tony hangs his head and Peter is struck by how tired he looks. ‘We never should have done this school trip.’
were going to have the biggest impact even if I didn’t think they were true; I was…I was doing exactly what
is the first thing you thought when I left the trip early?’ Peter counters. ‘Not the fact that, I don’t know, I
‘Hey that looks interesting, are those old Norse runes?’ the teen points at some of the pictures from the dig site.
‘What happened?’ Rhodes asks, taking his glass. ‘I don’t think I’ve seen you this tired since the time you had a crazy puzzle decorating your neck.’
Bucky nods, and Tony feels the shuddering gasps wracking the man’s body as he cries. ‘Thank you, Tony.’
‘Safehouse,’ Tony grins at him, relieved to see the echo of one back as he parrots the archer’s words to him from when they faced Ultron. ‘One I haven’t thought about in years, so even Wanda wouldn’t know of it.’
Strange tries to contain one of her arms with a glowing rope, but Wanda can see the power Agatha is sucking from him through the restraint and he releases the spell with a grunt of frustration. ‘We’re going to have to be smart rather than powerful,’ he says to her.
‘Oh yeah,’ Hope nods thoughtfully, ‘I seem to remember something to do with pollutants from a plant leaking into a local water supply. Someone got hold of footage of Danny Rand all but claiming responsibility on behalf of the company and saying he’d solve it. Poor bastard had no idea how to deal with that kind of thing.’
‘What I should have been doing for years,’ he admits, ‘and taking care of you. I know it’s selfish but I just want this last chance to do right by you, Tony, because as soon as we step out of this room I lose you to Pepper. I just want one last memory before I do.’
‘What?’ Clint looks between the two red clad men, blinking a couple of times, but never once lowering his bow. ‘Hang on.
‘He should be where you left Thanos,’ Strange says, ‘we shall join the others, you and the Captain should go and find him.’
‘You fight as Jotun or I order the death of your friend,’ Lautenus is no longer smirking, but looking more intense than he has before in their exchanges.
‘Oh bring it on!’ Wanda shouts and the pairs all split up to find cover in the grounds of the facility.
‘Hey guys, your friendly neighbourhood Merc-with-the-mouth here! So Lyri asked me to give you guys an update on what’s happening with the next step in this series. Honestly, writers these days are getting so fucking lazy their characters have got to do their work for them! She says it’s because she’s busy, but I wouldn’t believe her. Oh hang on….’
at me, Stevie,’ Steve sighs and pulls his gaze up from his shoes to look into the earnest eyes of his best friend, ‘you deserve this, you
Steve walks into the main kitchen towelling his hair from the shower; only Tony is in there, everyone else still getting ready after the soccer game.
‘Just ignore him, Pete,’ Ned says, drawing his attention back to his friends. ‘He’s just jealous because he knows you’re going to show him up when we all get there.’
‘Aww Anthony that’s no way to speak to an old friend now is it?’ the oily voice that comes over the speakers is definitely not Ross’. Tony’s eyes fly open and he sits up, spinning round to face the smirking face of Justin Hammer.
He’ll also admit to being surprised at how well Loki is doing at managing his new found position. Especially considering today is the first day he’s been able to travel to Jotunheim, as their mental link wasn’t stable enough to allow him to travel such a long distance before.
‘Whatever. See you when we get back, Rogers,’ Rumlow waves him off and leads the others out of the door, obviously upset at not having succeeded in riling Steve up. Sam winks at him as he closes the door behind them.
‘Crystal clear, Captain,’ comes the AI’s reply, and if he didn’t know better he’d say it sounded proud of him.
if I let some bastard turn me against my friends again, alright? But if you’re not interested I’ll go find someone else.’ He turns to leave, feeling like a fool for having even entertained this idea.
She laughs and pulls back, setting off the grenade she’d sent wandering whilst they spoke. There’s a loud bang, and bright blue powder fills her vision. Coughing and spluttering to clear the air around her, finally the powder settles and she catches sight of Tony.
As he gets to his feet he sees Thor already engaging Thanos again, Tony providing support when he’s not at risk of hitting their friend. Turning, he sees Wanda has just joined them, there’s blood at her hairline which goes some way to explaining why she wasn’t there when they arrived. ‘Get him out of here,’ he tells the young woman, gesturing to Vision.
what was going to happen just so he could maintain his stupid air of mystery,’ Tony finishes. ‘What no comment on that one?’ he asks Natasha. She just shrugs in reply.
was I need to be checking where they are so I know if I can do things like this,’ he points to the web the merc is currently prising away from his face, ‘when you start talking shit like usual.’
It’s Vision who asks the question most people have been avoiding. ‘I hope you do not think me rude,’ he says, ‘but what happened to get your scars?’
‘We’d better get a move on,’ Tony sighs, making a face when Steve grabs both bags. ‘I am capable of carrying my own luggage you know.’
if I’m honest. I’m off to bed. I’d appreciate you not telling anyone all of this, Barnes. I haven’t told anyone the full story, tends to make them feel bad and I hate it when people bring the pity party.’
‘If I’m going down I’ll take you with me and finish the job,’ Rumlow snarls. ‘You should have died last year, you were just lucky you got away.’
He smiles at her, fighting back traitorous tears at her words. ‘Don’t you worry, Mama, a lot of them will be gone with a couple of conversations I’m having today.’
for relationship advice of all people. Wouldn’t Clint be a better person to speak to? Hell I’ll give you Pepper’s number if you want, she’s awesome at relationship advice.’
‘Errm…honey? I don’t think he’s going to need your help,’ his wife interrupts, eyes wide as she’s obviously just realised who he is. ‘You’re-’
‘You are one sentence away from me dangling you from the side of the building,’ Peter grumbles, then his face lights up as the pepperoni pizza floats in front of his face. ‘I love you Wanda!’
‘Spent most of the past week trying to work out what to do,’ he admits. ‘I’ve done all I can alone to try and protect the team, and I knew we were still going to have to do more. Ross’ stunt last night just proved it and hit home with a sledgehammer.’
‘Where did they come from?’ Thor asks, pulling his hammer and lightning decorated one over his head.
‘Got them made for you,’ Tony says, coming over to help the kid put them on. ‘I would have left them in your room but I wanted to talk to you about Wade.’
‘I’m always nice!’ he protests. He follows the blond and focusses on the point in his mind that Loki had been teaching him was the link between their minds. No matter how angry Bucky is over the whole situation, he has to admit the trickster has been trying his best to ensure he can use this now found ability and protect himself. Not that that means he’s forgiven him of course.
This place is so monochrome it makes Colossus look like a fucking rainbow. And apparently the owner goes in for the same monochrome colours if the black hooded dress is any indication.
‘If I say I don’t think you could breathe underwater you going to try and prove me wrong?’ Tony counters.
‘-and then I want you to find the hospital that is currently treating the soldier who volunteered for the prosthesis project, a one James Buchanan Barnes, and I want you to get me an appointment to see the team treating him.’
time, Nat, yes I am sure. Now stop trying to get me to change my mind and no,’ he cuts her off with a grin, ‘I don’t want you to come with me. I’ll be
‘Why? So you can wallow in more self-pity? Dark and brooding only works for so long, mate, otherwise Buffy would have stayed with Angel.’
‘-and I won’t be able to do any more of that, Peanut, if your mother kills me,’ he rolls his eyes at Peter and starts to lead her away and distract her with a different topic of conversation.
‘Care to explain why you’re only just showing up now? I don’t think I’ve been caught for anything recently.’
‘Wow you really do have some strong stuff going on there don’t you?’ Agatha laughs. ‘You know, I’m tempted to try and keep you for myself rather than drain you completely. I’m sure I could convince you to come on a few candlelit dinners. What do you say?’
‘No offense Frau Leibner, but I don’t want anyone with mind control abilities and unknown loyalties coming anywhere near the team; we’ve not exactly got a good track record in that department. As for Jessica Jones: if you think I’ve got an attitude problem wait until you meet her. She’s not going to be interested, I already put out feelers.’
‘It has been a pleasure to meet you, Matthew Murdock,’ Loki shakes the lawyer’s hand. ‘And I imagine you can appreciate how little I say that.’
Tony’s mouth works opening and closing like a fish out of water for a couple of seconds, and if she wasn’t trying to hold back tears she’d find it funny. ‘I don’t know,’ he finally admits. ‘I don’t think I do fully, I’m still waiting for the thing I’m going to do that’s going to send him packing again. I just hope that he won’t.’
When they break apart Peter’s grinning and there’s an answering one on Wade’s face. ‘So I take it that’s a yes?’
Loki looks around, desperate for a way to save him, and sees the weapon laying on the ground an arm’s length away.
As the group begins to break off into different groups, talking softly together or going to do last minute adjustments to gifts Loki settles back into his chair with a satisfied smirk on his face.
‘Anthony Edward Stark you bring that nice young man down here and explain to me why I had to find out from James that you were finally settling down,’ the old woman’s voice carries over to them.
He bursts out laughing. ‘Calm down, Pepper, I haven’t been hacking into your phone or Happy’s. Why would you even think I’d do that? Happy just isn’t as subtle as he thinks he is.’
‘I’m hoping it’s just our paranoia about enclosed cold spaces,’ Steve replies, earning himself a snort from Bucky. He notices Tony giving him his ‘are you alright?’ look and gives him a reassuring smile and nod. They’re just being paranoid.
‘It’s not like I have a bat-signal for the Avengers Ned,’ he says, looking around to make sure none of the others can hear their conversation.
‘Right,’ he takes another deep breath and tries to do as the man suggests. ‘Alright let’s give it a go.’
Thank you so so much to everyone who has been reading this story, those of you who have left kudos and especially those who have taken the time to leave comments. I hope you're all basically ready for Christmas and ready to relax for the holidays.
be making sure you know how proud I am of you. But for now,’ he manages to finish getting Steve’s clothes off and gets him under the covers, thankful they had to stop off at the bathroom on the way to the bedroom or he wasn’t sure how he was going to manage, ‘I’m just going to make sure you’re as comfortable as you can be.’
‘So I take it we’re starting Christmas planning today?’ he says as they pull apart. ‘First of December being our now traditional time for starting to celebrate after all,’ he laughs.
Peter looks over to see Strange kneeling by a sobbing Wanda; he catches the doctor’s eye and sees him nod. All remaining fight leaves his body. Wanda broke the conditioning.
Wanda screams, causing Bucky to loosen his grip on Peter’s throat and he collapses to the floor, coughing as he gasps air into his lungs. The super soldier has his ears covered from the noise. The HYDRA soldiers seem to be panicking and then the door bursts open.
‘Trust me, Pete, this is one present you are not going to want to miss,’ Bucky laughs and the two of them head back to the common area.
Sharon sends Steve a terrified look and the soldier makes a move to intervene but Vision stops him. ‘Wanda will not harm her, Captain.’
‘Err… no, nothing that I can think of. Except you know what I was saying about the Decathlon team anyway. Well unless you want to hear about the new exchange programme they’re starting up? There’s a whole bunch of rumours that since Wakanda is opening its borders that we might actually have some kids from there on the exchange programme, but I think that’s just a lot of wishful thinking to be honest. I mean not that it wouldn’t be awesome to go to Wakanda and -‘
‘T’Challa…’ Tony lands next to Thor, pulling his helmet back. ‘T’Challa, I…’ he breaks off with a shake of the head.
‘Let’s get you to your room,’ he says, putting an arm around her shoulder and taking her bag from Peter. ‘Pete you’re in your usual room, head on up when you’re ready everyone’s in the common area getting to know Mama Rhodes. I’ll bring your Aunt May up when she’s settled.’
‘That, Tony,’ Nick Fury says, stepping into the room, black coat fanning out behind him, ‘is one thing you definitely do not need to be.’
‘I’m sorry,’ he looks like he means it. ‘You deserve better than me, Natasha, better than a man who turns into a monster, even Hulk agreed which is why he took us away after Sokovia. But every time I came back into my right mind I’d think of you, and I couldn’t stop-’
Wanda enters the room next, rubbing her temples. ‘You guys need to stop having such loud arguments. I swear you’re responsible for the majority of my migraines.’
‘At the moment maybe,’ Natasha cuts across him, ‘but that’s not going to last for long. Chaos follows Deadpool everywhere he goes.’
A/N: Hi everyone. I'm so sorry I've been so terrible at responding to comments recently, work has just been absolutely hectic and I've been doing a lot out of hours. I promise to do my best to get better from this week as it should start calming down again.
Tony sighs as he leans over his workstation, his eye automatically drawn to the small piece of rubble that sits in the centre of it. A reminder of how he betrayed someone, like the ghostly ache of a shield in his chest reminds him of someone’s betrayal. ‘I took the suit from him once,’ he admits quietly, eyes fixed on the stone. ‘And he nearly got himself killed still trying to do the right thing, even when I’d told him to stop. The Vulture dropped a building on him. If he’d had the suit he would have had some warning of what was happening, instead the only protection he had was a hoodie. I went to the site afterwards, Steve. I don’t know how he survived. But I swore to myself he’d always have the suit to protect him from then on.’
‘We were right behind you,’ T’Challa appears next to Nakia. ‘We should get Sam back to our vehicle where we can send him to help. Wanda too.’
‘Alright children that’s enough,’ Steve rolls his eyes. ‘Let’s make sure everyone’s presents are under the tree.’
‘Why am I not surprised?’ comes the frustrated reply as he rifles through some of the men’s pockets to get some additional ammo before slipping a couple of handguns into his waistband and picking up a larger rifle. ‘Right, lets go do damage control.’
‘Yeah well I’ll start asking every new person who walks in if their name is Wade Wilson,’ Weasel says, deadpanned.
‘I’m prepared to go down,’ the leader shrugs, pulling back his jacket to reveal an identical vest to the one draped around Peter. ‘We all are.’
‘Dammit I must be feeling bad,’ he mutters to himself, ‘if I’m admitting Cap was right.’ He closes his eyes and tries to hold back the tears, he’s promised himself he wouldn’t let these bastards see him cry. ‘Steve,’ he whispers, ‘please hurry.’
‘Deadpool if you don’t take it off I’m webbing your hands to the wall and taking it off myself,’ Peter says, crossing his arms and hips forward like he does when they’re suited up and Deadpool’s annoying him.
His smile turns a little more sad. ‘This is proving a difficult year for you isn’t it? Your powers are only making it worse too.’
‘No trips to the hospital you two!’ Tony shouts, and the youngest members of the team slow their spin. Wanda’s a little wobbly as she waits for the world to right itself, but Peter manages to recover quicker and is soon trying to urge Sam to make faster laps.
‘Hill is finishing clean up on the last of Beck’s hideouts. For now, that threat is largely contained.’
‘Don’t worry Sam I was only coming to say I’m going up to help Mama Rhodes and Vision in the kitchen.’
They reach the ship just as the doors are opening and the sounds of bickering between Quill and Rocket float down, Wanda hurries up from behind to join them.
‘We met when we were in play school,’ Harry explains, ‘Pete was always too nice to everyone and some of the kids tried to take advantage of that, so I tried to step in when they got too bad. At first just throwing my father’s name around would work, then when we got older I could start throwing fists as well as the name.’
‘The day you’re out of my hair and onto the front lines where some lucky bastard gets to shoot you, Rogers, is the day I most look forwards to,’ he snaps, before stomping down the corridor to bang on the other soldiers’ doors, hollering for them to come down to the living room.
‘You know that is not true!’ Thor protests. ‘You are a true warrior, Valkyrie, and I could not leave Asgard in better hands. You would make a wonderful queen in your own right.’
‘We found evidence that Beck did, in fact, have support from HYDRA even if he wasn’t working for them directly,’ Fury admits. ‘They helped supply the materials he needed and some of the funding, though they didn’t exactly use their name to do, hiding it through shell companies. In return he’d support them once he’d got hold of your tech. Seems they wanted more than one option to fall back on seeing as Hammer was still tied up.’
Steve’s worried. Physically Tony is healing well and the doctors are happy with his progress; what has Steve worried is the blank look that is now an almost permanent fixture on the usually animated features. Peter’s the only one who can get more than a quirk of the lips out of the man, but even that takes a lot of work.
‘Because she’s helping with finishing off the cookies,’ Wade says as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
Wade however, is seeing red, and pushes himself from the bar stool and through the crowd around the pool table to the front, just as Mark gets thrown to the side to land on a heap on the floor.
‘May arranged it with the school as a surprise for him,’ Natasha nods, they’re walking in a group around Tony making sure he’s blocked from view. Even Clint and Scott have joined them, having become rather attached to the teenager in their stay at the facility; neither of them have wanted to move away until Tony was more recovered, but they’ll have to return home soon or there’s going to be trouble with the Council. Steve knows Natasha has managed to get approval for them staying for now, but they don’t want to push their luck.
They’ve restarted school now most of the building is repaired, and he’s miraculously managed to still keep the fact he is Spider-Man a secret. He keeps looking down at his phone, but no new messages have come in.
‘The Mind Stone stays here,’ Tony says, looking at Shuri, ‘until you know for certain whether or not there is hope for Vision. Then we can decide where to go from there.’
‘Wait. You’re telling me you’re from a different dimension? That has got to be the craziest bullshit I have ever heard come out of your mouth,’ Rhodey says, shaking his head in disbelief.
‘No, Tony, I just want you to talk to me,’ the red head sighs, closing his office door and taking a seat on his desk, right next to his chair.
A/N: Hi everyone! Well I hope you've enjoyed the last of the double updates, and the start of the proper Stony action. Everything will really start picking up now so be prepared for a couple of ups and downs coming your way!
‘The holographic illusions are making it difficult for me to tell for certain who is in there, Doctor Banner.’
Bucky sighs and leans against the railings, looking down over the wreckage of the helicopter that staff are starting to clear away, scouring it for any evidence that could help them.
Clint snorts. ‘You mean Bucky was making sure I wasn’t threatening you.’ The archer looks back inside, then sighs and turns back to him. ‘She’s not going to get back with him you know.’
Wade swallows, obviously finding everything a little difficult to process, but nods his head. ‘Yes, sir.’
‘True,’ he sighs, ‘alright Karen put all the police searches in a different colour. Maybe I can visit a few in the suit and rule them out at some point.’
As expected the two super soldiers take off, pushing each other as they go, and they’re soon far enough away to not be able to hear what they’re saying to each other. Though it’s not that difficult to guess considering the punches and attempted trips that occur every couple of minutes. Next to him Natasha sets a fast but steady pace that they can both maintain.
‘I could start up my support group again,’ Sam suggests. ‘Working with veterans that are trying to readjust to civilian life. Then Rhodey, Steve and Bucky could all come along occasionally as well seeing at they have experience with it.’
The next morning Steve enters the common area, slightly out of breath from his morning run; the room is empty, and for once he’s glad of that, having gone by himself to try and clear his head after last night’s talk with Rhodes.
Steve looks like he’s going to say something else and then shakes his head, reaching up to turn his comms back on.
‘Welcome to my world, Cap. Now you see why I’m getting so many grey hairs?’ Tony shouts. Steve’s response is lost to the game.
‘Don’t you encourage either of them,’ the blond points a finger at his boyfriend and the inventor puts his hands in the air and backs off.
‘Uh huh,’ Mr Nelson doesn’t look too happy, he’s about to add something when the door opens behind him.
‘Everything except the one thing I want,’ I cut her off. ‘You might want me, sweet cheeks, but the only one I want is still up there in the land of the living. And I’d rather have one lifetime with him than throw it all away for you.’
‘Ok you two spend way too much time together,’ Sam says, walking over to the girls. ‘I’m getting as far away from that as possible.’
‘Breathe with me, Tony,’ Steve’s voice says from behind him, the vibrations from his chest seeping through his back. ‘In. Out. In. Out.’ Feeling the chest behind him rising and falling in sync with the words helps Tony follow the instructions. Slowly he starts to relax. His body begins to tremble as he does. Gradually Steve’s hold becomes less of a restraint and more of a hug, keeping him grounded.
‘I’ll come give you a hand.’ As his friend disappears through the door, doing a quick sweep behind them, Steve follows on behind, constantly checking over his shoulder for any sign of pursuit.
‘Sometimes the suicide play is worth it. Means you’ll be able to save tens, hundreds, if not thousands of lives. Like when I flew the nuke up through the wormhole in New York, or when Captain America flew his plane into the ice in the War. But you
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you continue to enjoy this story. There's a couple more weeks of double chapter uploads left and then I'm afraid it'll be down to a single chapter a week. Sorry!
‘Hmph,’ Happy starts the car and pulls out of his parking spot. ‘Not yet, I don’t really know how to if I’m honest.’
‘What? Sell you to Hydra? Why not?’ the man laughs. ‘This one especially would fetch the highest price. A safety blanket if you will against the Avengers.’ Peter feels fingers reaching under the back of his mask. ‘What’s say we take a look at the little superhero, and find out just who it is that seems to have caught Iron Man’s interest?’
Vision nods. ‘I still do not fully comprehend emotions, though I believe I am getting much better. However, I can safely say that it takes a lot of courage to make the decision you have, and I think you should be proud.’
‘I thought you weren’t really getting it so I thought I’d make it official for you at Christmas,’ Steve smiles as the shock registers on Wade’s face. ‘That,’ he points to the papers in Wade’s hand, ‘is your official paperwork as a member of the Avengers. It’s not a contract as such in that we don’t need a signature and you’re free to leave the team at any time you choose, what it does outline is what we’d expect or ask of you as part of the team, who you report to in what situation, and also what you can expect from us.’
‘You need to make sure you find all of them,’ Wade says from where he’s standing behind Peter, ‘they know who Pete is, we can’t risk any of them getting away.’
Peter is one of the last ones to reach the common area that morning, and as he walks in he’s greeted by the sight of Natasha tending to a cut on Bucky’s forehead.
‘Come on, Pep,’ Rhodes soothes the woman. ‘You know we all care about Tony, it’s just the stubborn jackass won’t let us show him half the time.’
‘Tony, stop!’ Steve’s voice is firm and he snaps his mouth shut. He knows his voice has been getting more hysterical with each word, and there’s a steady stream of tears falling down his face he doesn’t want the other Avenger to see.
Tony pats his legs through the covers where he’s sitting at the end of his bed. ‘And who told you that, Peter?’
‘The Warden is asking us to go in help seeing as Hammer is a known Avenger antagonist,’ Sam explains. ‘Nat suggested that only people who know Hammer should go, that way if this is him trying to escape we can make sure he’s brought back in.’
The blind man cocks his head strangely in his direction, Peter assumes it’s him picking up a new voice. Then Foggy interrupts. ‘Seriously I don’t mind-’
‘What if we can’t stop him?’ Wanda’s voice is quiet, but his hearing can still pick it up. ‘He’ll come for your stone, Vis; can you even survive without it?’
‘I suggest,’ T’Challa speaks up as the discussion surround Thanos comes to a close, ‘that we briefly discuss the proposed new Accords. Whilst we have everyone around the same table it seems a shame to waste the opportunity, besides if we can move them into completion before Thanos’ arrival we may be fighting from a stronger position.’
Sam laughs. ‘I’m the only one who has actually taken the time to get to know you Steve. I know you aren’t going to sit here and pass up an opportunity like this to help your friend.’
‘Thank you, Fury,’ T’Challa says, ‘we shall be leaving shortly ourselves and should arrive at a similar time to the others.’
‘Oh yeah, no thanks,’ he laughs, ‘I can barely cope when May’s shouting, let alone trying to cope with two people.’
‘Mr Wilson? Miss Maximoff would like me to tell you that if you call her abilities ‘freaky mind powers’ again she will make it so you cannot speak for an entire twenty-four hours,’ FRIDAY’s voice intrudes into their moment. ‘She also wants me to tell you to stop panicking, Mr Parker, and to stop overthinking. For one thing you are giving her a headache, and for another she wants to remind you no one is going to slip up outside of the private rooms. She’d also like you to know that you are thinking louder than the boss does, and she would like some sleep at some point tonight.’
Tony rubs firm circles into his temples with one hand, the other keeps track of where he is on the screen in front of him. ‘You think these are the best new locations?’ he looks up at the Wakandan king.
Her training mainly comes from needing to fine tune the control over her powers and seeing how far she can push them, not to mention practising using them to help her teammates, such as levitating them to a place they can’t reach. Tony has come up with some amazing tech to help her with this, and Vision is usually the one in the room with her as she uses it, he having more of an idea on how she could expand her powers than anyone else.
Tony grins. ‘Oh but I would. Hey FRIDAY? Prepare to install the ‘dance-off protocol’ to the War Machine suits.’
‘Perhaps this event you speak of will solve your issue with the Hulk not always being willing to come out,’ Thor laughs from the sofa.
Peter nods and smiles and races upstairs to go see the new arrival, nearly sending Steve flying in his excitement and calling an apology over his shoulder.
‘We don’t tell anyone until we get back from defeating Thanos,’ he says, ‘I just…we don’t know what’s going to happen Steve, and some of us might not come back. If I’m one of them I don’t want Pepper to feel unloved. I don’t want her last memories of me to be of me leaving her. I want them to be of me loving her.’
‘Well he has a lot of experience with the Hand,’ Peter points out, ‘and they were getting bolder around the same time as HYDRA. Why not see if he’s heard anything from the Hand?’
‘Thank you,’ comes the quiet reply. Loki simply nods and gives a half smile before turning and leaving.
No one says anything for a couple of minutes, and Tony doesn’t even pick up what he was working on, lost in his thoughts on the reactor.
Natasha’s laugh from the kitchen is infectious. ‘Oh I can’t wait to see Barnes’ face when you tell him he’s a
‘Doctor Banner is taking me through equations,’ Peter explains, not taking his laser focus away from the scientist, ‘it’s keeping him non-green.’
This time Steve really does have to hold him up from his laughter as Wanda disappears, face bright red. ‘Tony, will you stop sharing our private life with Wanda as a way to tease her please.’
‘Well there’s still plenty of time for that,’ he reassures him. ‘Come on let’s go see who they decided to leave on guard.’
‘I’ll never help you again,’ she pants; the skin on her hands is grey and spotted, and papery thin. Her next ball of energy hits the wall behind Agatha and that’s the last she has to give. She hangs, exhausted, in front of the crowing older woman.
‘Why don’t you go for a nap when we get back?’ he suggests. ‘I’ll keep an eye on Steve if you want.’
‘I want the three of you to stay and guard the bodies until Tony’s suits collect them. Then return to Jotunheim and organise the army, they must be ready to protect the realm. Then I want you to return here for further instructions; for now the defence of Jotunheim falls to Dagr when you not present.’
‘I do not understand these strange shapes. Why not just make them into circles so they are easy to carry?’ Drax asks.
Wanda grins and ruffles his hair. ‘What ever gave you that impression?’ She laughs as he starts to grumble.
After a lecture from May when he got home, and still no word from Mr Stark, which is honestly more terrifying than if the man had picked him up from detention, Peter sits in his suit on top of a building, swinging his legs back and forth. It’s been fairly quiet this evening, which for once he wishes wasn’t the case. He’d had to physically prove to May that he’d done all of his homework before she’d let him go out on patrol. And Ned’s parting words of ‘nice knowing you’ earlier when he’d told him about Mr Stark getting notifications if he got detention hadn’t helped matters.
Loki and Pepper share a smile as Tony tries to subtly brush away a tear. ‘You know, Peter, I send Tony a monthly update email on things and just bring him things that need his signature. How about instead I come and visit once a month and I can update you on what’s going on at the company and some new projects that have been brought to us?’
‘What?’ Steve frowns as Tony pulls away obviously confused. ‘No. I was asking what training he’s been doing without the suit. He needs something to fall back on if he doesn’t have it.’
‘Oh man,’ Peter groans as a body slams into the figure and sends them both flying into a wall, ‘I am in
As always please do let me know what you think, I especially want to know what you think about Kamar-Taj and Jotunheim being involved and how that's working.
He casts one look back over at the two when he reaches the door. Bucky’s been doing well in the healing process, but they’ve still got a long way to go and only two weeks left to do it. He’s still not able to stop himself from falling under someone’s control when the trigger words are said, but he can go further through the list before they start taking effect. Tony’s glad he’s more at ease with the rest of the team though, and watching him and Rhodes start to swap war stories he feels hopeful that they can manage this.
Another pause, and Tony feels like crying. He’s about to hang up when he hears the quiet, but firm ‘Yes.’
. My brain said “Tony will know what to do.” Except you weren’t there, and for a couple of seconds I felt completely and utterly
Tony can feel a headache coming on by the time they break in the early afternoon; they moved to the briefing room and he’d gotten FRIDAY to get the others to join them when they were ready. Scott and Clint had just arrived so they’d agreed a break was in order and they would catch the other two up on what they’d agreed so far.
‘Oh don’t give me that political bullshit. Yes he’ll live longer than a normal human, but he’s still going to die before it’ll make any difference to your political marriage. And I’m not saying
‘I can’t remember ever having been ice skating before,’ Quill confesses to Sam and Steve, where the three of them are lacing their own boots. ‘I’m hoping its not too different to my rocket boots.’
‘I’m not complaining,’ Wade points out, arms full. ‘What did Loki have a diva tantrum over this time?’
Tony blinks as the information on the screen blurs in front of his eyes, he leans back and rubs firmly at them trying to will some life back into his tired body.
‘Come on, let’s just go make sure he isn’t working himself to death,’ Bucky says, standing up and stretching.
‘Hey,’ he presses a finger to the teen’s soft lips, ‘no more of that, Petey-Pie. We’re both fine, let’s just leave it as that, yeah?’ Peter scrunches up his face. ‘What?’ he asks.
happy with having Loki as their leader, but they had accepted their king’s instructions and agreed to it; Loki had promised to leave them in peace for the majority of the time and ‘check in’ a couple of times a day to ensure everything was alright as a kind of peace offering.
‘No I wasn’t old enough to swing the axe myself as a kid before I left, and Mom was always a bit worried I’d want to and get carried away if I went to get it so my grandfather always went to get ours,’ he answers.
‘I don’t know,’ he replies, feeling Steve’s arm tighten around him. ‘Anyway, we’ve got more than enough to be getting on with, let’s stop this morbid trip down memory lane. We’ve not got any leads yet on Zemo, so what other options do we have?’
‘How is my favourite arachnid superhero this evening?’ the excitable man asks, sitting down next to him. ‘Want a taco?’
‘I’m grabbing the back,’ MJ says before elbowing her way through to save them all the back seats so they can sit together.
‘And Scott,’ Tony nods, ‘and Clint who officially is retired; and T’Challa who isn’t officially a member of the team.’
A/N: Hi everyone. I'm sorry this is later than intended, the past few weeks have been so nuts that my updating schedule has just gone out of the window; it is getting a bit quieter next week so it should be a lot better from then.
He’s secretly relieved when they get in to the car and head out towards the dig site. As they climb out he wraps his arms around himself to block out the chill from the wind, trying to block out the memories of ice. ‘The sooner we get this over with the better,’ he mumbles, trying to ignore how his breath fogs in front of his face.
‘You’ll be alright, kid,’ he reassures him, finding it more and more difficult to focus on individuals. ‘This is a good team, they’ll have your back.’
Bruce watches the teenager as he works at getting rid of the webs, eyes wide. He’s never looked at Ultron in that way before, and a large part of him leaving after the Sokovia incident had to do with the fact that he thought he was too dangerous to be on Earth either as Hulk or as Bruce. As Hulk he could level an entire city if left to his own devices. As Bruce he’d helped create Ultron.
‘I’m fine,’ he protests, he’s not sure if he actually sounds a bit slurred or if it’s just the pounding in his head.
the rules put in around his recovery. All for him. His shoulders slump as he registers Steve’s last words.
‘The scary thing is I know you’re completely serious,’ Deadpool mutters, then sighs. ‘My name’s Wade, by the way. Wade Wilson.’ Peter’s face breaks into a grin, which only grows when the merc reaches up to grip at his mask. He pauses again, and Peter lets his grin slip to a smaller, more encouraging smile.  ‘Don’t say I didn’t fucking warn you,’ Wade grumbles and takes the mask off.
‘Ah the guy in the chair right?’ Mr Stark lowers his voice once they’re closer and shakes Ned’s hand. Ned looks like he’s about to collapse from heart failure. ‘The one who hacked into my suit? Got to admit I’m impressed kid. Maybe you should come up with Pete, sometime.’ Ned makes a noise somewhere between a laugh and groan. ‘Anyway we need to make a move. Come on Underoos, I’ll let you ride shotgun.’
‘No one’s taken me out yet,’ Natasha grins, then her face hardens. ‘And no one is getting to my teammate.’
‘Leave it Wanda,’ Peter says, taking his cue back from Buck and restarting his game. They spend the next half an hour playing pool with the mercenaries, Wanda sometimes taking over from Peter and managing to hold her own, earning herself a reasonable pile of winnings by the end of the half hour.
‘Yeah I worked it out. Doesn’t take a genius,’ Bucky smiles sadly. ‘I’m not going to lie and say it didn’t hurt, but I get it. Was only a matter of time before someone chose you over me again,’ he laughs a little. ‘Just like with Peggy. Seems all the dark haired beauties with the mind of their own and a take-no-prisoners attitude prefer blonds. You’re a lucky man, Steve Rogers.’
Tony looks down at his phone as a message comes in. Setting his project to one side, an upgrade for Rhodes’ suit, he opens it.
‘We’re careful. He says he doesn’t want to ruin the goody-goody image,’ he knows his voice has gone a little sour but he can’t help it. The more he’s got to know Deadpool the more he wonders if the guy is actually as bad as people have made him out to be.
‘I also suggested,’ T’Challa picks up the lead again, ‘that we approach different countries for permission to have bases established there, making it easier to perform missions out of those areas; they may be more willing to co-operate if we agree to employ local people in them as well, and funding research within the facility from local talent.’
‘Wrong suit dumbass! That’s his old one,’ I yell at both the imposter and Francis. ‘This isn’t Spider-Man.’
Apparently mollified the teacher takes up their supposed topic of discussion with the rest of the class.
Pepper walks in to the main common area to find them all still brainstorming ideas. ‘What on earth are you doing?’ she asks, putting her work files down on the counter. ‘Tony you were supposed to do a video conference with some of the stakeholders earlier, where were you?’
‘Please tell me you have a way to record this,’ Steve smirks at Rhodes, who he now notices has his phone out.
soldiers down with him. Peter, ever helpful, hurries over to help all three back onto their feet, flipping over the top of the pile of bodies and still managing to land perfectly on the ice.
‘Oh my god, what has my life come to?’ Peter groans, covering his face with his hands. ‘Stop laughing MJ.’
‘Thank you,’ he smiles back at the trickster. When Thor had snapped Thanos’ army from existence he had also returned all of Asgard to existence that had been destroyed by both the Titan and by their half-sister. Loki had apparently been waiting on the Bifrost to greet his brother when he returned. If Thor is to be believed there were many tears shed as the brothers reunited. Loki’s version is a little more realistic if anyone were to ask Steve’s opinion. When he isn’t trying to take over the world the trickster is actually quite entertaining to be around.
‘I know,’ Peter cuts him off more sharply than he means to. ‘I just want to make sure. Just in case.’
‘We’re just going through the portal to the facility now,’ the teen responds as Wong sends his glowing magic ropes towards the alien to hold him in place.
‘Is there anyone you can ask that might have some information on Hammer or HYDRA? Anyone who might know where they took him?’
‘Tell me about it,’ Bucky rolls his eyes in response as the trickster finally appears through the doors and makes his way towards them. ‘Please tell me we have an open ended tab at the bar.’
‘Peter are you alright?’ Karen’s voice sounds as worried as an AI can be. ‘Should I contact Mr Stark?’
‘Here, Tony,’ Loki appears in front of him with a glass of something dark blue, ‘I’m taking some to Thor too.’
‘Oh no you don’t,’ the red head replies, coming to sit next to her. ‘I’m not letting you walk out of here beating yourself up or you’ll never come back in. Come on lets go through some of the more basic stuff again.’
‘Not now, Ned,’ Peter hisses, and pulls MJ back as a soldier comes crashing through the classroom window. As they turn another comes round the corner from where the sound of a fight, and Deadpool’s commentary, is coming from and grabs onto her, pulling her against him and pressing a gun to her head.
‘Well,’ Steve nods in the direction of the trees where a tall figure has just emerged, a spear in their hand, behind them begins to appear the army, ‘looks like they’ve arrived.’
Fuck I hope Barnes got out, or there is no way I’m going to be able to go back and face the Avengers.
‘Thor I will turn all of your prized possessions into serpents if you don’t stop pestering Tony and Steve to let you go on a hunt,’ he turns a threatening finger on his brother.
Tony had looked bad on the video call, but seeing him in the flesh is worse. He’s pale, even underneath bruises and blood and dirt it’s easy to see how pale his is; his eyes have sunken, even in the brief time since he’d been taken, and he looks exhausted. His lips are cracked and one or two bits are bleeding sluggishly. The arc reactor is glowing in his chest, the skin around it caked in dried blood and grime, and looks nothing like the elegant piece of machinery it had always been before. The fingers on his right hand are bent at horrible angles where they’d quite clearly been broken and Steve feels his heart sink. If they didn’t heal correctly there’s every chance the genius wouldn’t be able to invent in the same way ever again, and if that happened Steve was sure it’d break the man.
‘Are we going to be able to feed everyone?’ Sam asks, then looks at Rhodes. ‘Please tell me Mama Rhodes is coming again.’
When she joined the Avengers it was a way to bond with her new teammates and learn how to work with the wide range of abilities within the team. Then she became one of the main trainers for the new team members.
‘And lastly,’ Tony presses a kiss to Peter’s head then goes over to Morgan’s to do the same for her, ‘lastly any monster who wanted the prince or princess would have to go through the Kings, their fathers. There is nothing that the Golden King has ever faced, that has ever tried to hurt someone he cared about, and escaped from his justice, and there is nothing that ever will.’ Tony presses a quick kiss to Steve’s lips as he finishes his story.
‘He’s walked in on us enough times as well,’ Steve laughs, though Tony knows the exact moment he catches sight of them because he starts turning red. ‘On second thought, maybe we should have a word?’
‘Well you know the bi-annual charity gala that Stark Industries usually holds for emergency service personnel? It’s coming up in a month’s time and you’re supposed to be there.’
Tony, running on minimal sleep, lacking in full strength coffee, and trying to push back all the memories and feelings being back in the old house is bringing back, is not in a peacekeeping mood.
‘Good,’ he smiles at the soldier, ‘being able to hide here and work on SI stuff has been helpful. I know I can’t just hide away in here the whole time though.’
Rosie makes a gurgling sound and points at one last picture before her head falls back against his chest.
‘Yeah,’ he finally gets a smile from the older man and finds himself relaxing without even realising how tense he’d been, ‘yeah we will.’
‘Ah, I’m afraid that might be difficult, Mister Stark,’ Rumlow sighs in apparent regret. ‘You see I’ve had the new deployment details for both Rogers and Barnes through today. They’ll be redeployed and leaving at the end of the week.’
‘Can I see a pass?’ Peter can hear the soldier at the gate ask the driver, despite being at the back of the bus.
‘Nah, not really,’ he reassures him, ‘you’ve just been confused and unsure, and you’ve been listening to your doubts more than you have the man who loves you.’
the strength to win a straight out contest, but you’re not using it and that means you’re using up more energy dancing around when you could neutralise a threat much quicker.’
‘You will not stop me from claiming the prize my master seeks,’ the alien hisses at him. It raises its spear and Tony reaches up to stop it mid-strike, the suit struggling against the alien’s strength.
‘I said it was probably Tony, Loki and Drax,’ Sam says as he takes Steve’s offered hand to pull him up.
did Wanda see Wade scars?’ Tony’s voice is dangerous and Peter tenses, eyes going wide as he looks to the girl for help.
‘So we plug this into my brain and I can relive any memory we choose?’ Bucky asks, eyeing the machinery warily, the only memory that is springing to mind right now is of having his brain ‘reset’. He’s just waiting for Tony to stick a piece of wood between his teeth.
‘I like this human, can we please convince him to come on to the team? It would be much more entertaining, and less tedious.’
‘Oh come on Buck you know you deserved that,’ Steve laughs, ‘you’re just sore because you know FRIDAY’s going to have recorded it.’
Peter nods, apparently satisfied when FRIDAY interrupts them. ‘Boss? Miss Maximoff has just arrived at the facility. She says she’s escaped HYDRA.’
‘Oh wow you’re hooked,’ his friend laughs, closing his locker. ‘Are you going to introduce me at some point?’
‘FRIDAY? How much do you know about fishing vessels?’ he asks, opening up a new project in his SI folder and wondering how he was going to sell it to Pepper.
Everyone laughs and Natasha comes to give him a kiss on the cheek. ‘Just as long as you’re alright. Don’t try and make it a regular thing now, not unless we’re there with you.’
‘I’d quite like you to swing my way,’ Deadpool replies, the mask pulling over his face shows his grin.
Tony isn’t sure what he feels at those words and he and Peter scramble for the door. ‘Get her inside FRI!’ he shouts as he runs. ‘Get Steve and Sam. Go through every single camera she’s passed in the last forty-eight hours and make sure she hasn’t been followed.’
find someone who will help us to defeat Thanos, but we will have to be careful how we do it. We don’t want word getting back to him after all.’
‘So you heading to Budapest at any point on your European tour?’ Clint asks him as they all sit in the common room.
Peter curses softly, then his eyes go wide at the look on the Captain’s face. ‘I’m sorry, Captain sir. Um, I left my bag back in my locker, I’m really sorry. I’ll run and get it now and be back in a few minutes. I promise.’
‘Well when you said you’d be going ice skating,’ Strange’s voice comes from behind them, and they turn to see the wizard walking through a portal, ‘I didn’t expect it would be quite
‘No, I will,’ he cuts him off again, before taking a deep breath and opening the door. The scene that greets them is a frenzy of activity; it seems as though the whole team is there, sitting on comfortable sofas or chairs, or sitting at tables covered in computer equipment. Off the main room lead a number of doors, which one or two members are coming in or going out of.
‘Well we thought it better to make sure both magic users were on different teams,’ Tony grins sheepishly. ‘I didn’t fancy ending up on the opposite team and having to take you both on.’ He takes a coin out and flips it, catching it and covering with his other hand. ‘Call it, Cap.’
‘And more importantly does not leave the team open to abuse from any one or more particular governments,’ T’Challa adds. ‘I will be presenting it to the UN, as a leader of a country who is growing concerned at the amount of control the US government is trying to exert over the team. How long before they start attempting to use the Avengers to further their own interests rather than the interests of the world?’
‘True,’ Steve chuckles, ‘I bet none of us look our best. What with Thanos, and all the stuff with the new Accords. Tony why didn’t you mention anything before to anyone?’
Bucky looks in the side mirror, seeing the lab begin to blow up, the explosions painting the night sky with yellow and red. He slams his foot on the brakes and pulls off the road. Behind him he hears the squeal of tyres as Natasha nearly goes into the back of him.
