“I know. And not a day goes by that I don’t regret it, babe. It was just... I wanted to move it to the next level and you didn’t. Instead of waiting on you, I bolted. I was stupid.”
The man was uncut, his foreskin allowing Dean to see the slick slit. He watched in fascination as his hand pumped up and down the shaft, the head appearing for Dean’s pleasure with each stroke. He squeezed and felt a flush of heat when a drop of precum beaded up. With a quick glance up at Cas, who was on his elbows staring at Dean, he bent to lap it up. The bitter, yet tantalizing, taste exploded in his mouth. “Tease.”
He bathed her and put her in her pajamas. He held her close, lips pressed to her downy hair until she squirmed. Later, he watched her sleep. “I’m trying, Anna. Sometimes I just don’t think I’m good enough to be her father. I love her so much, but what if I mess up?”
“Yeah, well, you’re welcome. I figured you’d be hungry and remembered you didn’t have a car to get around. What’s up with that? The government too cheap to give you one?”
“I just wanted to thank you for taking time with John today. He had a blast. I can’t believe this is your job, man. It’s kind of cool. If I don’t step up my game, my kid might be asking you to his school for parent career day.” He suddenly grew red in the face and flustered. “Not that I want you for his parent... shit. Fuck. Sorry for making this awkward. I gotta go...” He stepped away, his eyes everywhere but on Castiel.
“No arguments.” Dean was already walking out the door, and he had no choice but follow. Soon, Castiel found himself in front of wardrobe and Dean opened the door. “Hey, man, Cas needs his clothes back.”
He’d been covertly studying Dean Winchester throughout the tour and he couldn’t get a read on the man. Meg had given him very little background on Winchester and other than being an activist at FRAC, she didn’t have much else. That fact, in itself, showed the man had compassion, but his questions and overall demeanor made Castiel think he was a pretty face covering an ugly interior.
“Why?” Castiel knew better than engage in a stranger about politics, especially someone in the South, but the previous night’s lack of sleep was catching up with him. He was grumpy without enough shuteye.
“She sounds like a wonderful young woman, Dean. You should be proud. Not only of her, but for the man who raised her.”
“Coffee is in the pot, sugar is next to the machine and cream is in the fridge. Top shelf. I left a mug and spoon on the counter. I’m going to get in the shower. You can join me if you want.” Dean sat his mug down on the dresser and left Castiel standing in the middle of his bedroom. Castiel was torn. Should he join Dean? He’d been invited, hadn’t he? Or was Dean just being polite. He heard the water start. No, he’d take his own shower. There would be less temptation that way.
By the time Dean explained, in the abridged version, how the three men had gotten the drop on him, and then how he’d relayed what he could to Sam, the team was loading up into the SUVs. They’d come with enough firepower to light up a third world country, but in the end, two old folks had the situation in hand. Frank and Mildred were never going to let Dean forget they’d saved his sorry ass.
“Ah, I understand. My son took off too.” They stared at each other for a few more seconds. Castiel noted how beautiful the man’s eyes were. Green, not dark like a forest, but lighter, like a spring meadow. He broke the stare. He was being foolish. His gaydar wasn’t the best, but even he could tell this man was straight as they came. The t-shirt looked to be one size too small for him and it showed his biceps off perfectly. His hand had been calloused, like he worked with them. Construction? Mechanic? Something manly.
“We will never know who would ‘take’ who since they both have class,” Castiel said, his tone dry. A waiter holding a tray of champagne flutes walked by and the men took three of them, holding them aloft for a non-verbal toast.
“Fuck that,” Cain snapped. He reached forward and removed the brass nameplate that boasted his title from his desk. “Castiel, talk to me.” Castiel knew what that symbolized. Cain wanted candid conversation between friends and not between a boss and subordinate.
“Even chefs get a dinner break,” Dean said. He spun to face Castiel and the smile was still on his face. “What did you get up to while I was on vacation?”
Dean sighed loud enough for his brother to hear. “Sam, come on. Throw me a bone here.” He choked back laughter at his dog related euphemism.
“So, have a fucking fling. Shit, if he looked at me like he looks at you, I’d be climbing him like a spider monkey.”
“He is to take Missouri’s chair on the Council,” she said matter-of-factly. She picked up a large grasshopper from her plate and popped it in her mouth.
He settled on Cas’ thighs and let his body adjust. He’d hurt tomorrow, but that would be good. Tomorrow, Cas would be gone again.
The show’s two other hosts entered as he was leaving. The redhead smiled and touched his arm and the large Cajun patted his back. Dean called out to him.
Two nights later, he was alone in the kitchen experimenting with a port wine and cherry sauce he wanted to use with pork tenderloin. He stirred as the butter melted and inhaled the rich aroma.
“The Council will call for your execution.” Her voice turned back to the seductive purr he was used too. “I might enjoy putting you to death, Castiel.”
Castiel leaned closer to him. “She will close the circle and dismiss the Directions. Then they will take her body to the catacombs to be sealed in her crypt.”
“Castiel. Crowley here.   just got the network ratings on your episode and you’ll never guess the results.”
Snorting at the absurdity of it all, Dean shook his head. “Anything. I used to work in a grocery store bakery, but no one is hiring.” That they weren’t hiring
The ten-minute conversation was quick and to the point. Dean would have Jo, Benny, and Garth at his disposal for as long as it took to bring down the gator. After hanging up with headquarters, he responded to the three missed calls from Sam.
“Thanks,” Dean said, smiling and picking at his meal. The pork tenderloin was served with a thick apricot sauce and he’d served it with wild rice and roasted cauliflower. “So, uh, Sam says you’re a reporter for the Herald.”
“We pray she takes the bait.” The cow had been pulled a short distance and the rope was taut from where it was tied to the gunwale. The alligator had seen it, but wasn’t moving nearer. Castiel held his breath.
Hiding away in his office like he was, he almost missed Sam Winchester, their legal counsel, walking down the hall with an attractive man. An
“Cas...” Dean started after Cas turned the key in the ignition. The first drops of rain splattered on the windshield and Dean rolled his eyes. Just one more shitty thing to add to the growing list.
In the evenings, in Cas’ hotel room, they studied social media and news channels for reports of missing pets, livestock, and people. Most of the reports could be explained away because they weren’t near bodies of water. A few needed to be investigated.
Sighing at the no-win situation, Castiel pulled his safety-tested SUV into the driveway of the modest home. A large gas-guzzler was parked in front of the open garage. It was pretty, he supposed, for an environmental nightmare. As they walked by, he smelled motor oil and ventured a glance into the cavernous space. A large workbench held a multitude of tools of every shape and size. So, this Dean person was handy. Castiel frowned. He could barely screw in a light bulb, but he had book smarts, and that had to count for something. Castiel imagined the man was one of those that sat on the couch every Sunday, drinking beer and watching football.
Thankfully, Mandy and Sam didn’t ask to many questions. The cover story was plausible. Jim Milton had been called away to do a new travel show. Somewhere in the Caribbean. Sam gave him an occasional look that told Dean he wasn’t buying what Dean was selling, but for the most part life did get back to normal. Every once in a while, Dean would head up to the Falls and sit in his patrol car, thinking about the exact moment he’d known he’d fallen for the operative. It wasn’t the cold killer, or the sexy as fuck secret spy. It was when their eyes met, and Cas had asked if he was okay. Something so stupid and simple, but Dean had
“Yes, well, when Jack was younger, we spent a lot of time hiking and I’d hoped he would become a rock-hound like me, but he was more interested in drawing pictures.”
“It’s your decision, Jack. Your mother, nor I, should be trying to influence you regarding your dreams.” It
“Because of your flirting and hugging and shit, my husband thinks I cheated on him. I need you to clarify that to him. I can’t lose him because you couldn’t understand the significance of a wedding ring.”
It only took fifteen minutes to get to the entrance of Winchester's near Central Park West. Ash opened his door and Castiel stepped onto the sidewalk. He took out his phone to take a picture of Ash and the SUV before taking another shot of the front of the restaurant. Ash grinned while giving him a double thumbs up.
“Make yourself at home, man. It will only take me a few,” Dean called out as he headed down a short hallway and disappeared through a door at the end of it. Castiel stood in place for a few seconds and then decided to take Dean at his word and
“Coming.” She skidded to a stop in the kitchen, her backpack slung over one shoulder. Dean took a moment to look at her. She had his features, the eyes, the freckles, but she was growing into a beautiful young woman. He wanted to grab her and lock her away from the rest of the world. She plopped down on the bar stool and picked up the glass of orange juice he’d poured her.
He didn’t want to think about his mother. She’d been gone for a few years now, but he still missed her every damn day. Thankfully, the cancer hadn’t lingered. She was diagnosed in July and by late November hospice had to be called. She died a week before Christmas. Sam had flown in from Stanford where he was getting his degree in journalism and they’d buried her beside John. They hadn’t celebrated the holiday since.
“Guess so,” Dean bit out. He was still angry. Castiel grabbed his bicep and dragged him behind the large doors.
The phone proved to be problematic. It required a four-digit code. Dean tried the obvious. One, two, three, four.
“Quiet,” Tran shouted. When everyone settled down again, she faced Missouri. “There was discussion and the call for a vote was decided. It is on the agenda for today’s meeting. If the vote is to abolish the law, it is unfortunate for the families of those already put to death for their transgressions, but it is our way.”
“This is my friend’s brewery. Benny plans on opening up a tap room here in a few more weeks. Meantime, he lets friends and family taste his experiments.”
“He’s got Dean.” Castiel’s jaw tightened. He walked toward them and handed Frank his official phone. “When my team lands, they will be calling. He’s holding Dean at the Falls.”
"I've never known you to be rude to anyone, Castiel. What the fuck? I don't know what the man did, but Christ, he came all the way to Atlanta to say he was sorry and you acted like a fucking ice princess."
All too soon, he was found by Gabriel and Michael. They were muttering as they approached. “I can’t believe he conned someone to get him an invitation,” Michael was saying as they approached.
On the way back to the motel, Dean always stopped somewhere so Castiel could get something to eat. Dean never got himself anything, always saying he had food at his house. Castiel didn’t fault Dean for wanting time away from him, after all eight or nine hours in someone’s presence was usually enough. Sitting alone in his room though, Castiel thought he wouldn’t mind spending more time with the puzzle that was Dean Winchester.
“Maybe. She was wearing some sort of slinky, little thing and her parents weren’t home,” Dean said, thinking of that angle. A lover?
Cas’ teeth dug into his lower lip and he eased out only to thrust back forcefully. Both men grunted. “You’re sure...” Cas asked, looking down at him, elbows locked, holding himself steady.
“He was in his dressing room a few seconds ago,” she called out to his retreating back. He saw the door was open and he slowed and tried to get his breathing down to a normal level. Casually, he stepped over the threshold. Cas was sitting in the room’s only chair, eating an apple. He looked up.
The next stop was at a mattress superstore. He got what was on sale and was pleased it was memory foam.
Cas looked at Dean for a moment and Dean gave him a slight nod. Those baby blues turned to Sam. “This morning, Dean was called out for an animal attack on some cattle. When we got there, Dean assumed it was from a cougar or maybe feral dogs, but after inspecting the remains, I concluded that the bite radius was that of an extremely large alligator. I found the tracks and I am guessing the creature is over twenty feet in length.”
“I... uh... I was in prison.” The other man lifted a brow and Dean saw his shot go spiraling down the drain. “I was exonerated. I was innocent and they let me out.”
The flight gave Cas plenty of time to think. Love? Was that what it was? He’d had strong feelings for people before, but love... maybe the poets and songwriters had it wrong. This was terrifying and confusing, and he didn’t like it.
Dean had the potential to become a complication which was why he had to spell it out before they got to the apartment. He wasn't sure what the chef's expectations were, but sex wasn't on the table. Not at all. It didn't matter that Dean was beautiful. Dean was used to getting whatever or whomever he wanted.  Of that, Castiel was certain. He still wasn't sure how he fit into that picture. What would Dean want with him?
“Yep,” the boy said and kept making his way to the back of the house. Castiel wondered where the child’s parents were and how they would feel about him walking into a stranger’s home. A male stranger. Suddenly, Castiel felt self-conscious. His new job as reptile veterinarian at the Dallas Zoo put him in proximity to children, but there were always other adults around.
“Hello, Dean.” He closed his eyes and felt his jaw tic. Damn the man. After all this time... he could still make Dean want him just by saying his name.
Dean shook his head adamantly. “No, man. I haven’t had the time since I...” Dean let the sentence die. He hated saying ‘since I got out of prison’. It was in his past. He hadn’t committed a crime. He needed to stop referencing that part of his history. Or he’d never find someone. Someone he could talk to, someone who could look at him and see a good person instead of an ex-con.
I feel as though I've cheated my readers, because this is not my best work. Someday, I hope to come back and flesh the story out and give you a better ending, but for now, this is all I have in me. Stress kills creativity.
“We should hurry it up. Don’t want them to leave us, huh?” He passed the two boys and tried to look macho enough with his swagger that Ben would assume he was arrow straight too.
“Well... what kind do you gots?” The inquisitive boy brushed past Castiel and looked around the foyer like he expected a monkey or zebra to be standing there.
He watched as Dean turned away and stepped off the porch. His jeans were well worn and not obscenely tight, but it was enough to show off his ass. Castiel bit his lip. “Dean, wait.”
Gabriel laughed gleefully. "Oh, something happened all right. Did you get to see what's underneath those chef's pants? Was it impressive?"
Several minutes went by and he got no response from Dean. The polite conversation had run its course. Dean had moved on to something more important than communicating with Castiel. He sat down on the floor with Claire and helped her stack blocks.  His phone pinged.
“Because you love my sweet ass, and don’t even try to deny it.” She took the other woman’s hand in hers. “Gilda and I are taking your daughter with us tonight. So, don’t wait up.”
“See it,” Winchester said softly and soon Castiel felt the boat’s hull scrap the muddy bottom. The mud looked freshly turned. Castiel opened his case and pulled on his waders. Before the warden could speak, he was over the side. “Are you stupid?” Winchester hissed and his gaze swept the water as if expecting a monster to appear and suck Castiel under.
“I agree. The elder child carries Mary’s bloodline. As an adult, he must be powerful indeed.” Tran favored Castiel with a glance. She was the one who had sent him to warn the Winchesters of the evil surrounding them all those years ago. They thought Alistair was behind it then, and with his declaration today, Castiel was more than sure the demon caused the fire. Castiel blinked slowly, signaling to her that he would offer his protection again.
“Winchester?” A small redhead was standing beside him. “I’m Charlie, head of rig IT and I’ve been assigned to show you around.” She wore a polo shirt and jeans. The polo was in the signature orange of the Novak company.
As the deputy walked back to his car, Castiel sighed. The man’s ass was perfection, but those bowed legs made him human with flaws and that was Castiel’s weakness. “Dean’s a pretty one, isn’t he?” Mildred said, her gaze going from Winchester’s backside to Castiel’s mainly unclad body. “Then again, Jimmy, God took his time with you, hon.”
Dean’s phone pinged and he looked at the screen, frowning. “Gotta go, babe.” He untangled himself from Cas and then bent to kiss his new husband of six days.
When he pulled into his driveway, he let his eyes drift to Dean’s house. The beautiful, black car was in its place by the garage door. Should he walk over and say hello to try to show Dean his odd behavior wasn’t a big deal? Or would that call more attention to it? Letting out a frustrated exhale, he unlocked his door and readied himself for a boring evening.
Castiel wiped his eyes again and blinked. “I don’t... I’m sorry, but you are not allowed back here.” Surely Meg didn’t come in early and let a customer back to his domain. “Meg,” he called out.
Sam met Dean at his house Friday morning. He strolled in while Dean was fixing his and Cas’ coffee. “Thanks,” he said, reaching for one.
He stepped into the kitchen. Bobby stood at the sink, staring at his reflection in the darkened window. “Sam coming?”
“I’m going to go shower and get ready.” Without a backward glance, he headed to his room. He didn’t want to open that box in his mind, the one where he shoved the images of Kate’s dead body, the one where he kept pictures of his father’s face as he lied to the judge and jury... no, he had to keep it shut.
“I can show you a good time,” Dean whispered, calling the man’s bluff, lifting his hand to rest on one the man’s amazing hipbones. When Cas’ mouth came down on his, Dean was lost. It had been so long since someone made him
“I graduated from Boston College Summa Cum Laude. That translates to I’m fucking smart to someone like you.” Crap. Crap. Crap. He’d just blown his cover story. “And for the record, I am an American citizen.” He was in her face and normally Castiel would have taken a man down for being threatening toward any woman, but this one had pushed all the right buttons. Christ, he didn’t even look Middle Eastern.
. With Akhtar gone, Castiel could return to his life. He let his eyes take in the beautiful being that was Dean Winchester and pasted on a smile.
She rose and planted a kiss on his forehead. “Don’t let him see it.” She winked at him and left the office. He poured himself another drink before going back into the kitchen. He didn’t come out and apologize to his staff, but he let them all go early. He cleaned the kitchen by himself. It gave him time to think.
Early tomorrow morning, I'm leaving for Dripping Springs, Texas. It is a long drive, but it is my yearly retreat to write and take care of myself. It will be just me and my dog. I hope to work on my DCBB (my first ever).
much. Parties every night. The drugs easily obtainable. A rock stars dream. He’d done his best to fit in. Rehab changed all that. It altered his music style and now, he lived in Nashville... they called him a successful crossover artist.
“Okay.” That was it. They’d been seeing each other for three years and Mick was used to Castiel disappearing. He really was the perfect boyfriend, but Castiel was the one unwilling to make it more serious than it was. “I’ll see you when you get home. Be safe.” Mick’s rich Irish accent always made him smile.
He quickly stripped the bed and tossed the sheets in the washer. He wasn’t due at the airport until two, and nothing else was on his schedule, so he did a quick clean of the house. He wrote out his list and drove to the Kroger to do his shopping. After he ate lunch, he showered and dressed in his uniform. He glanced at his watch and since it would take him about thirty minutes to get there, he climbed in the truck. He gave his baby, his pride and joy, his Impala, one last look before backing out of the driveway.
Castiel finished the tour with a quick walk to the Galapagos Tortoise enclosure. He’d timed it so the keepers would be beginning their feeding lecture. Alfie, a young keeper with a bright future in reptiles, took the microphone.
“Oh,” Castiel mumbled. “Okay.” He wanted to kick himself. This was why he didn’t have many friends and he could count his past lovers on one hand.
After he spent the next morning making desserts for the dinner service, Castiel and Ruby set out for a day of shopping. Five hours and three rooms of furniture later, Claire was whiny and Castiel felt like joining her. The bed was to be delivered that afternoon, but the rest of the things would be arriving on Wednesday. He’d have two days to make the condo livable again before Dean flew in.
Dean took the weight of his dog and pulled her into a hug. He buried his face into the rolls of skin on his neck and inhaled the scent of his girl. Over her large shoulder, he looked back at Cas. The anger and hurt that had lived in his eyes over the last six months was gone.
He ate a hardy breakfast of eggs, bacon, and hash browns with a side of pancakes. Mildred, he noted, just had coffee and toast, while Frank had a western omelet. “Damn blood pressure,” Frank muttered when it was set in front of him.
Cas nodded and let out a breath. “Okay. Let’s do this.” Dean wasn’t sure if he was talking about them or getting out of the airport, but he followed his lead as Cas pulled his suitcase off the belt. Between the two of them, they gathered everything, and made their way to the loading zone. Ash spied them and pulled the SUV right up to the curb. While Ash put the suitcase in the back, Castiel buckled in the carseat and Dean strapped Claire in.
The alarm startled him out of a dream. He’d been in a suit, looking out at a sea of smiling faces. He was looking at someone, but it wasn’t clear who. Quietly, so not to wake his brother and sister-in-law, he showered and dressed for the day. Saturdays, the bakery opened at the same time as weekdays, but closed earlier.
Dean told him the time when he asked for it and he knew he should get moving, but something made him say, “It wasn’t a nightmare, was it?”
He disembarked from his flight into Houston and looked around. The message he’d received from one Chief Winchester said someone would be here to meet him, but he had no idea what to expect. He proceeded to baggage claim and hauled his suitcase and the heavy equipment case off the conveyor belt. His eyes roamed the people milling about and that’s when he spied a tan uniform. The man was wearing a cowboy hat and the insignia on his shirt told Castiel he was a game warden.
Her dark eyes turned again to Dean. “Child, this was not a spell to force love upon you. This was Missouri’s gift to you both. Castiel has his heart, and you, Dean, you have what your mother wished for you.”
“Jack.” He put his hands on Jack’s shoulder and drew him forward. His son wasn’t shy, but he was sometimes awkward in public situations. A trait he’d inherited from Castiel. “Everyone, this is my son, Jack.”
“Love you,” Cas said against Dean’s lips. He closed his eyes and savored the chaste kiss. Dean pulled back and they took a moment out of their busy morning routine to just look at each other. Cas was the lucky one. “I’ll see you tonight.”
“Oh… sure,” Dean replied, his face turning an attractive shade of pink. He reached out an index finger and traced the baby’s cheek. “She’s got a rough life ahead of her.” Cas didn’t want to think about that, so he posed a question.
Dean took in the scene quickly. Between the women set a small cake, like a sample. It was made of thin layers in every color of the rainbow. Both women were staring up at the man, eyes wary. Their body language told Dean all he needed to know and he took a few steps toward them. “Seriously, you ever let a man fuck you?” Dean’s fists tightened. The asshole needed to shut his Goddamn mouth.
“Oh... No. Thank you. I should be going.” Did the man look disappointed? Castiel’s people skills were rusty, but he could still read expressions and body language quite well.
“No one drives my truck. Once I back the trailer up and unhook it, I’ll need you to hold her steady until I can park.”
The chicken was greasy, but filling. Castiel had narrowed his eyes when Dean pulled a bottle of tequila from the brown bag, along with a lime, and a container of margarita salt. “It’s not every day that I’m hunting a monster, Cas,” he’d said by way of explanation. He used his pocket knife to cut up the lime.
He was aware of how crazy he sounded and Dean was blinking at him, concern and curiosity in his expressive eyes. “Cas?”
At his brother’s home, Castiel got out and jogged to the door. Ruby must have been watching because she opened it when his feet hit the porch. “How did it go?” She peered around him, trying to see Dean.
“Sounds like a plan,” Dean said with more enthusiasm than he felt. The three of them in Cas’ apartment. Playing house. He couldn’t do this. Cas and Claire deserved better. He swallowed thickly. Who was he trying to kid?
Dean nudged Cas away from the metal crib and they exited the tent, leaving the baby in the care of one of their nurses. Cas glanced at the activity around them. A new shipment of medical supplies had arrived that morning. He knew vaccines for the Colombian children would be in one of the crates.
The SUV stopped and Ash turned in his seat. “We’re at your hotel, Mr. Novak.” Castiel glanced out of the window to see his hotel just before reaching to open his door, but Ash was already there.
“You should,” Cas said softly. Dean turned and put his hand on the doorknob. His eyes caught the leash hanging by the door and the entire afternoon rushed back at him.
To say Castiel was displeased was an understatement. Dean’s meal choices were not up to his standards. He wasn’t a snob.
“Didn’t stop him from filing the papers.” Dean knew he was being a jerk, but he’d been beyond hurt when he was served the divorce forms at work.
“Changing the subject, hmm, let’s see...” Castiel tilted his head up to the ceiling and pursed his lips. “I’m pretty fond of the Jurassic movies. The first being my favorite. Jeff Goldblum was amazing.”
From Castiel’s investigation, he noted that the deer must have come down to drink and the alligator had snatched it into the water. There were no tracks on the bank. Castiel let his own eyes scan the water around them. He felt a shiver move down his spine.
“I don’t get to enjoy it as often as I’d like, but at least once a year, the kids and I go to the Keys or Belize.”
In the truck, Dean turned on his lights and siren and sped through traffic. Since they were dragging a boat trailer, people gave them a wide berth. While Dean did the driving, Castiel called Stefany. She didn’t ask him many questions. All he had to do was give her the facts as he knew them and she was catching the first flight to Houston.
When he was finished telling Anna’s story, Gabriel whistled softly. “Damn. What are the freakin’ odds?”
“A baby doll,” Jody piped up. All eyes turned to her quizzically. “The outfit she was wearing, it’s called a baby doll.”
"She likes you. Do you...have children?" Castiel hated to ask. The man had tried to seduce him, so that meant he was bisexual. He'd been seen with too many women to be a six on the Kinsey Scale.
“They use their camouflage to keep from being preyed upon.” Was there supposed to be some hidden meaning there? Dean watched the turtle until they turned a bend in the river.
Castiel sent him a bashful look. “As my kids would say, ‘hell, no’. I’m a disaster. Jack, my youngest, does most of the cooking. I’m not sure what I will do once he’s off to college next year. I do love to try new restaurants and cuisines. It must be nice being married to a good cook.”
“A little dirt never hurt anyone,” Dean said with a grin. A grin that did something to Castiel’s stomach. Something that had nothing to do with the greasy meal.
“Course it does,” Dean said with an amused smile. He turned back to the skillet and broke two eggs into it with one hand at the same time. Was he showing off? Next, he grabbed a hunk of Cheddar cheese and grated it above the pan. He added a dash of that and a pinch of this, then flipped the omelet in midair. Less than thirty seconds later, he slid it onto a plate, garnishing it with two slices of crisp smoked ham. “Boom,” Dean exclaimed before handing it to Castiel. He produced a fork and then picked up a cup of coffee, taking a brief sip. “Sit. Eat.” He motioned for the dining area.
One shove had him falling onto the bed, and Cas was on him, kissing and biting. Pleasure and pain fought for dominance in Dean’s idled brain. He wanted more. He pushed at the waistband of his underwear, needing to feel the heat of Cas’ skin against him. Muscular legs pushed Dean’s thighs apart and his hand was cupping Dean’s balls. Pressure... just enough. “God... fuck... need you...”
"I thought we were just going to have dinner," Dean said smoothly, directing the conversation away from dangerous territory.
“No, Cas. It’s all good.” Castiel watched his only means of escape walk away.  Cas? The man was calling him Cas. He wasn’t sure how he felt about that. “Follow me. I’ve just got to grab a couple things out of the dressing room and then we can leave.”
When the segment wrapped, the hosts stepped over to the studio audience to sign autographs and have their pictures taken. When the last of the people left, they went to their respective dressing rooms. Castiel had been given his own once he’d gone from guest host to a regular on the show, but he usually went to Dean’s. Today was no different. As his boyfriend pulled his shirt over his head, Castiel handed him another one to change into. “I don’t like people thinking about our sex life,” Dean muttered.
“Children, this is a milestone that your father and I want to celebrate with you. We want your input,” Becky said in her best mom voice and all the Novak siblings straightened in their chairs. Across from him, the new addition to the family meeting tried and failed to hide his amusement.
“I caught the diving bug when my parents took us to Key West for vacation. A local dive shop advertised that you could be certified as a diver in just one day's time. I pleaded with my parents, and they let me. Michael and Luke signed up too. I fell in love with that feeling of entering a whole new world. Once we got home, Dad made sure I got an extensive course.”
. Dean frowned at the screen. Cas didn’t have a birthday. Dean only had two more chances before it would lock him out.
“Mister Rolston is in a meeting. I can take your name and number and have him return your call at a later time,” she said politely.
Dean grinned, “Yep, she’s my pride and joy.” Castiel nodded, though he didn’t understand people’s attachment to inanimate objects.
Dean followed his gaze and saw a shelf with cloth boxes lining it. On each was a name written in marker. His was on the end. Underneath was a small fridge. He picked up his lunchbox and went over. Taking down his bin, he found a yellow apron inside and a small notebook. He took those out and replaced them with his phone and his lunch.
The first trace of cum hit the back of his throat and he swallowed, savoring the taste of Dean on his tongue. His own pleasure was forgotten as he milked Dean dry. When Dean whimpered and pulled away, Castiel reared up on his knees and licked his lips, his hand once again, jerking himself off. Dean seemed mesmerized by the sight. “Beautiful... fucking hot... show me, Cas...”
Sam left and Dean couldn’t tamp down the feeling of restlessness. He stepped out onto the porch and stared in the direction of the town’s water tower. On a clear day, he could just make out the stupid heart he’d painted all those years ago. He remembered his father that night at the dinner table. John wasn’t happy Dean was with Cas. He stared long and hard at Dean. “Son, I don’t want to see it. You can do what you want, but don’t bring it around here.”
He blinked back the moisture gathering at the corners of his eyes. “Goodbye,” he said to himself and let his hand fall to his side.
“Does it give head?” He got an eyeroll from Sam and an evil look from an elderly lady walking by. And damned if she wasn’t talking on a
“A pothead?” Dean’s tone was sharp. Cas meant nothing to him anymore. He’d left Dean to make it big in the music scene. He’d forgotten Dean. Cas Novak was nothing but a loser. Drugs and booze did that to a person.
Cas cocked an eyebrow. “Sixty-nine…. Hmmmm… I suppose you’ll want me to wrap their gifts too… so that might not be a sufficient trade.”
Dean blinked up at him. “Why do I need to access the internet anywhere? I can log on your laptop and,
“Right,” Castiel answered snidely. He pulled the large manila envelope toward him and reluctantly opened it. Inside were the documents needed to disappear until the price on his head was eliminated. Driver’s license, social security card, a passport, and various other paperwork he’d need. “What’s my cover story?”
He stood up and smiled. “Let me brush my teeth and by that time Ash should be here.” Castiel, unsure of what to do, stood there stupidly. “Cas?”
“Yeah, give me a few minutes to get there.” He hung up and took a few deep breaths. Would Tran have some of the answers?
Cas lifted his head, their combined spit making his lips shiny in the dim foyer. Dean swallowed and couldn’t take his eyes off his beautiful mouth. “You want me.” It wasn’t a question. Cas was stating a fact. Fuck, yeah, Dean wanted him. Always would. He merely nodded.
The man looked Castiel up and down. Tilted his head right and then left. “Thirty-six waist, thirty-four inseam?”
But the weekend came and instead of hooking up with someone, Dean spent the time at his restaurant cooking and hanging out with his family. The next two weeks flew by with taping the show, a wine tasting event in the Hamptons with a few other celebrity chefs, and his brother's engagement party. He wasn't jealous of Sam and Jess. Not really. Sam deserved to be happy and Jess was going to be a great sister.
As he rode the elevator down and crossed the mezzanine with the CIA seal etched into the marble floor, Castiel went over the surreal conversation he’d just had with his boss. He knew the CIA had ways of knowing everything, but how had Cain known Castiel was in love with Dean?
Her eyes flashed in anger and her body was rigid, but she knew her natural aggression would not work on him. “You no longer desire me?”
She smiled and touched his forearm. “Show me my room, Padawan.” Since she made the decision for him, he dropped his carry-on and led her further down the hall. He noted that his mother’s bedroom door was wide open. Growing up, it was always closed. He hadn’t been allowed to enter.
He found himself dressed in a pair of khaki slacks and a teal polo shirt. The wardrobe assistant muttered about his black dress shoes, but assured Castiel the cameras wouldn’t see them.
“What happened to her?” The man asked, still looking at the croc like he expected it to bite his hand off.
When he finally couldn’t stand it anymore, he checked for messages. He sat down near the waterfall at the Copley Square Mall and read Cas’ responses.
Dean thought about lying, but shrugged and told the truth instead. “I don’t bring… people here often, so…” Another shrug.
At the Council doors, he stopped to wait. Dean would sit with him. It was expected. One by one, the members filed into the great room to pay their respects. Dean appeared with the Amazon. Castiel saw him hesitate when their eyes met. “Hello, Dean.” He looked good in the suit and tie. Where had he gotten that?
I hope everyone had a safe and wonderful holiday season. I'm looking forward to the New Year and want each and every reader to know how much you mean to me. You have made my laugh and kept me sane. Thank you for being you.
Linda looked up from her monitor. “Must be that writer from California. He works for some travel show. Donna told me he rented the Howell place on a month by month lease.”
Castiel was close enough to identify the thing submerged about a foot under the surface of the water. The deer was a large white-tail, but Castiel noted the bite pattern immediately. Once again, the animal wasn’t taken for food. Castiel’s eyes met Dean’s. “Can you tell how long it’s been here?”
The driver drove through the streets of the city and they leaned back in their seats to look up at the skyline. They held hands and toasted to their future.
After applying the last bit of tape, Dean moved away. Cas felt an emptiness in his soul. This was it then. He’d leave and tomorrow he’d bury his mother. Then it was back to Nashville. “I never loved anyone else,” he exclaimed, needing to say it. It wouldn’t make a difference, but Meg said he needed closure.
They spent a few more minutes looking over the place and Dean was happy to see that the fridge and stove worked and were clean. The bathroom was tiny and held a toilet, a pedestal sink, and a small shower stall. There was a space for a stackable washer and dryer combo. He knew he could pick up one at the local big box hardware stores.
Thanking God and everything holy that Gabriel left for the restaurant early and wasn’t at the house,  Castiel handed over his daughter to Ruby without having to defend his decisions for once.
“Fine.” Dean repeated because he was just that childish. He opened the door and led the way to the SUV.
“Farm life isn’t for sissies,” Castiel stated firmly. “Clyde can be feisty with strangers, but he wouldn’t cause you harm. Most of our animals are used to being handled and are usually well-mannered. I do apologize for his behavior.”
Well, this is it, the last chapter. I hope you've enjoyed my Creature Feature. Just a shout out to Stephanie - you rock! Thank you for helping with this.
Claire, wrapped in a pink quilt patterned with the characters from the movie Frozen, smiled when she saw him. “Daddy.” She crawled off the couch and ran toward him, the tears from earlier forgotten. He reached down and scooped her up.
“Atlanta? Sweet Jesus, Dean, this isn’t a date, it’s a hookup. You had me all excited that you were finally serious about someone.”
“Heard someone chopped her head off with a machete,” Frank said, motioning for Castiel to get him some coffee.
“Your flight leaves tonight,” Henriksen said, pushing an airline ticket in James Milton’s name across the table. Castiel took it and put it into the envelope. “Take care of yourself, Novak. I don’t want to lose my best operative.”
“No. After the trial, he took what little insurance money she left for him and moved out west. Last I heard, he was working in the oil fields in Alaska.”
“I just heard. It’s all over town.” His gaze landed on Dean. “What is the point of having a brother who’s in law enforcement if he doesn’t tell me important things.”
“Oh, hon, you don’t have a choice in the matter,” she laughed again and raised her hands toward him. Rage made him see red. He held up his own hands as if to ward off whatever she was trying to do and suddenly, her eyes widened and she began to choke. She started clawing at her throat. “You... you...” She fell to her knees and that gave Dean the time he needed to get into the car. He swerved around her prone figure and spun his tires. She was a witch, that was obvious, but why did she want him? His blood?
“There was no threatening involved, Missus Roman. Rumors and gossip travel fast, but I wouldn’t believe everything you hear.” Milton was a person of interest though. They had argued in public. Could he be a killer? “May I see the Carrigans now?”
Charlie laughed and Dean found that he liked the sound. “You’ll catch on to the terminology, don’t worry. Besides, you don’t have to know it all. The crew will love you as long as you feed them.”
“One down, one to go,” he said as he dialed again. “Sam, listen, kid... I need you and Eileen to pack up some stuff and come over to the house. Don’t say a word to anyone... I’ll explain when you get here. Hurry.”
The divers on this rotation weren’t as outgoing as Jesse and Max. They didn’t talk much and seemed to resent him. Instead of saying anything to Crowley or pulling rank, Castiel decided to forgo his dives. He had tests to run and an article to write. Time passed quickly once he got his outline done and could start on the actual writing. It wasn’t until he looked at his watch for the third time that he realized he was waiting on Jody to bring in the next rotation. The rotation that included Dean.
“No, Dean. I would not cross those boundaries. At least, not without your permission.” Cas lowered his head and took Dean’s mouth in a hot, wet kiss. His lips softened, then pulled away. Dean whined. “Now, where were we…”
“You can’t argue with city people, Castiel.” The motherfucker smiled sweetly at Cas. Dean wanted to punch him in his mouth. “I have a few more bottles of strawberry wine. We should have another evening under the stars,” he whispered, but he wanted Dean to hear him. Asshat. Dean crossed his arms and watched as Benny sauntered out of the barn.
The thing in question, was a Spotted Eagle Ray. Castiel had snapped several pictures as the curious beast swam around the trio. Its wingspan was close to nine feet and it measured almost twenty from mouth to tail. “It was impressive,” Castiel said, removing his fins and standing.
Cas found himself on his back in the middle of their bed being tickled. Their laughter turned to moans of pleasure soon after. They fell asleep in each other’s arms.
The man backed away and all but ran down the hall. Weird. “Thank you,” Castiel said to the empty space.
“I have a brother. He’s an attorney at a firm on Madison Avenue. You might meet him tonight, he usually shows up a few times a week with clients.”
“It’s just that suddenly you have a ready-made family and you aren’t sure where we go from here,” Cas said quietly. “It’s a lot to take in.”
“I’m good. Let’s get out of here. I’m starving.” He motioned for Cas to lead the way, his hands now full with his suitcase and the bag from Macy’s.
“Hey, chief, we need to get some more chops out of the freezer for tonight’s service,” Benny said from the kitchen. When did he even get back? How had Dean missed the big Cajun walking by, he wondered to himself.
“Cas... sorry, ma’am, my boyfriend is pissed at me because I forgot our anniversary.” Castiel narrowed his eyes. Who was Dean talking to? He heard a softer voice say something and Dean responded, “Yeah, he’s worth it.”
Cain tapped the picture. “Something or someone turned your world on its axis, Castiel. Maybe it’s time to find your Colette.”
Castiel nodded and looked away. He refused to let Dean see the hurt. He had no one to blame but himself. No one.
Dean squinted up at the sky. Somewhere up there, the sun was causing a glare, but the clouds obstructed it. “It’s raining and looks like it’s here to stay for a while.”
“Jeez, what now?” He backtracked until he reached Max. “What? Where’s Cas?” Max pointed and Dean blinked. “What the...”
This time, the word was said without any heat behind it and Dean grinned up at him. He winked and then took Cas into his mouth.
The deputy raised both of his hands. “Alright, shut up, everyone.” The entire library went still. Castiel glared at the woman who’d single-handedly ruined his entire day. “You sit,” he said, pointing to the woman. “And you, outside.”
“Yoo hoooo, excuse me,” Mildred’s voice came from the left and everyone reacted. The guns were off Dean now, waving in that direction. Castiel drew his weapon and aimed at one of the armed guards. Two rapid-fire shots rang out from Frank’s position and echoed around the small canyon. The men holding Dean dropped to the ground. Dean staggered, but Akhtar had him around his neck before he could react.
“Yes, my side of the mirror was foggy.” Cas picked up his own toothbrush and the tube of toothpaste. He squeeze it in the middle and sat it back on the counter. Dean’s eyes widened.
Then Novak leaned over the console and turned his laptop. He caught a whiff of the guy’s aftershave. Woodsy. Citrusy. Sexy. Dean barely comprehended what Novak was showing him. Something about bees and sightings.
Max was beside him snapping pictures of his cart when Cas came around the corner. “There you are. Did you know they have reading glasses? Just a dollar. Balthazar is always losing his, so I got him five pair.”
Dean thought before heading up to his cabin. Since Sam’s marriage, he’d been thinking about meeting someone and settling down. It took a special someone to put up with a chef’s long hours though.
Castiel found himself in the SUV, once again zooming through the streets of New York. The two men talked about wine, food, gay rights… the conversation flowed easily. Castiel noted the cocky man he met a month ago was absent, and in his place was a warm, funny man. A man who happened to be famous, gorgeous, and very rich.
The silence was deafening. Audrey’s lip trembled and Ben looked like he wanted to crawl in a hole. A pissed off Cas was a formidable sight. “No, it’s alright. I was stupid. It was just a spider,” Dean mumbled, trying to play it down.
The door to his room was pushed open and the Army doctor that had been in charge of his care entered. “Afternoon, Mr. Novak. I see you’re feeling better. I’ve been informed that you are flying out today. I’m instructing you to take things easy. The cracked ribs need time to heal.”
“I’m not going, Dean. Let Castiel take you somewhere safe.” Bobby came forward and held out a leatherbound journal. “Take this. It was your daddy’s. He sent it to me before he... before he died.” Dean took it as if it were a precious artifact and opened it. He traced his father’s written words and closed it with a snap.
A full minute ticked by. Cas knew because he counted. It kept him from panicking. If Dean changed his mind...
Unblinking eyes stared back at him. A few of the small crocs moved closer expecting food. When he showed no sign of giving them any, they moved away again. He observed the occupants for a short time and then let himself out. Their handler nodded to Castiel as the gate clanged behind him. “She didn’t eat much after she woke up, but we’ll get her some more food later tonight.”
“Don’t worry, Dean. I’ll give you the friend’s discount.” Castiel’s fists tightened. He wasn’t prone to violence, but he wanted to slap that cocky smile of the Brit’s face.
The Amazon inclined her head to one side. “Madame Tran and Castiel took care of that.” She moved to the dresser in the far corner of the room and opened the door built into one half. Inside hung a suit, a white dress shirt, and a tie was draped around one of the hangers. He should have explored the room better, he thought as she opened a drawer to reveal a package of new boxers, socks and neatly folded jeans. Tucked behind the new underwear was a rich woolen sweater. With another sweep of her hand, she showed him a pair of dress shoes.
Castiel smiled. He sat the phone on the dresser and pulled the clothes from his suitcase. Thirty minutes later, he was dressed in the black jeans, a white button down, and black boots. After a splash of aftershave, he was as ready as he’d ever be. It was only four-thirty. He cleaned up the room, packing up most of his things for the flight out tomorrow morning. He checked Facebook. It was only five o’clock. With help from Siri, he found a bar near the hotel. The Xes Lounge was a block away. Decision made, Castiel walked there. The beautiful man behind the bar smiled at him. The place was empty save for two older men at a table.
witch. The last time we talked, your father told me that the coven wanted more power. They wanted Mary to use her blood to make them the strongest. She refused. Your ma didn’t do dark magic. It was forbidden by the High Council in the treaty. John was afraid of what they might do and he told me to come get you boys. The fire happened that same day.”
He didn’t know how long he sat there. His ass was numb from being on the hardwood floor and he stiffly rose to his feet. He took a few cleansing breaths. He could do this. He showered and dressed in his uniform, folded the laundry, and washed out the coffee pot.
“And now, you’re lying to me.” He closed his eyes and pictured Dean running his fingers through his hair. He did that when he was frustrated or pissed.
“I’ll be checking on the goats, we have a few ready to kid any day now. Then I’m working with Cain in the honey shed. We’ve got to get a shipment ready for the Dupont Circle Market.”
“Meg isn’t my partner. She helped with a business loan a few years ago and I’ve been paying her back. There is no ownership on her part, despite her comment.” Dean was silent, not knowing what to say. “Meg is an over-protective friend and I hope once you get to know each other, you will...” he shrugged instead of finishing his sentence. Dean imagined he was going to say ‘
Dean slapped his hand away. “That’s Cas’.” He reached into the cabinet and pulled out another mug. “Fix your own.”
It was dark when he stirred. He winced and his hand went to his shoulder. The skin was torn, but not enough to have drawn blood. He blinked and grimaced. Dried bodily fluids were all over his belly and it itched. “Cas?”
“I’ve arranged to have her buried on Saturday.” There would be no funeral. Two days from now. Hopefully, he could get all the loose ends tied up and not see anyone he knew. He made it clear that he didn’t want her death listed in the newspaper. He knew it was a long shot. Everyone in Lebanon already knew she’d died. He just hoped no one would show up. He couldn’t face them.
“Marv hates everyone,” Rufus muttered and pushed a sheet of paper over to Dean. “I already sent a copy of the log to your brother, but here’s what happened while you were away. Nothing exciting. Only thing we need to follow up on is the water tower graffiti. Marv has a hardon for getting the culprit. I’m laying money on some high school kid. See what you can turn up.”
Kitchen clean, the three adults sat watching Claire playing with toy cooking set. She was banging the plastic rolling pin against the bright orange pot. Ruby leaned back on the leather sofa, Gabriel’s arm around her shoulders.
He nodded his goodbyes and got behind the wheel of his baby. The 1960 Corvette convertible was a gift from his parents when he graduated from Boston University with a major in Foreign Studies and a double-minor in Arabic and Russian languages. Naomi and Chuck Novak were killed in a car accident a year after he graduated and his car became his most prized possession. Since he was out of the country most of the time, he rarely got to drive it, and it stayed safe in an air-conditioned garage at a storage facility.
Sam called Dean after he had wrapped the episode. He picked up as he hurried out the back door of the studio. “What’s up?”
“Yes... and no. I’m the custodial parent, but she got to see them anytime she wanted. We didn’t have a formal agreement. Until Claire went to college, they spent most of the summers with her and we share birthdays and holidays.”
“Christ,” Dean muttered, thinking of the areas that allow swimming. His own father had taken him and Sam here when they were kids. He remembered jumping out of the rented pontoon boat and swimming around.
“Hey, uh, you okay?” Max stood there fiddling with his camera strap. God, he looked young when he was upset.
Dean pulled a plate out of the oven filled with scrambled eggs and bacon. Cas made himself a cup of coffee and sat down across from Dean. “I just want eggs this morning,” Cas said, taking a small helping onto his plate.
He knew better. Then he told himself it was just to see the farm. After John’s death, he’d spent so much time there. It was more of a home than the house he shared with Naomi. At first, he’d sat in the car and looked out over the barns and fields of wheat. Then he saw movement and his breath caught in his throat when Dean stepped onto the porch. He’d know the bowed legs anywhere. His body felt a rush of heat when he remembered how they wrapped around him as he pushed inside of Dean. Dean had been his first.
Cas was shielding Claire’s face and holding her protectively like Dean was going to grab her and run. The heart that had been so warm a mere moment ago, felt like it was shattering into thousands of pieces. “I told you not to come. You have to go. Please, you have to go.” The last part was a whisper.
Twenty minutes later, he was waiting downstairs, his trench coat hanging loosely. It was still cold in New York, while back home, the trees were budding and Southerners were planning spring activities. The SUV pulled to the curb and he stepped forward at the same time Ash came around to open his door. He would never get used to that.
hit the top of the charts and earned them both a CMA award for songwriting. He’d won Single of the Year and Best Male Vocalist.
“Dean, let it rest. You were always there for me, now it’s my turn.” Only he wasn’t there for Sam, not since that gavel fell and Dean was sentenced to prison.
nervous. Dean and his sous chef, Garth, were both staring at him. He carefully used his fork to get a small taste of all the components of the dessert. He closed his eyes and let his taste buds pick up all the different flavors and textures. It was delightful.
Cas saved him from having to let the kid down by coming out of the barn with his stupid tablet. “I think you mentioned coming up with a menu before we go shopping.” So, he was going to be cool about the whole incident with his boyfriend. Dean could get behind that.
He opened the journal. Where to begin? Anna was in New York for New Year’s a couple years ago. The journal started in November of 2015. He flipped through them until he got to December Thirtieth. He read how she was meeting with a potential client for the gallery and sounded upbeat. She was looking forward to being in Times Square for the countdown.
“What question?” Mildred asked and Castiel was amused to see the frustration in Winchester’s expression.
He’d be going in late to take the evening shift since it was Friday. The sheriff’s department had to have a presence at the high school football game. It was his turn.
Sam was quiet for a moment, but Dean could hear him breathing. He waited, his eyes on the cars zipping by as Ash made his way to JFK. “Are you going to tell Cas how you feel about him?”
The remainder of the afternoon flew by with their group giving out hugs to just about everyone. Jack and Claire drifted over around four. “Jack is going to come over to Charlie’s with me.”
“I’m not talking about this subject with you, Audrey. What I do or don’t do with my love life is none of your business.”
Dean was slow and easy for a time, enjoying the slide of their bodies. The pace picked up after a few minutes and they fucked fast and hard with Dean on top thrusting into Cas, bending down to share a kiss or a whispered word. Then they moved onto their sides, Dean pounding into Cas from behind, his thighs tangled with the older man’s. Another move and both men were on their knees, Cas holding onto the headboard, Dean taking him rough, Cas’ screams of ‘fuck me’ echoing off the walls. Dean didn’t think he could make it last as long as it did, but when his muscles began to constrict… his balls tightening… he knew he was close. He reached around and grasped Cas’ cock. It was slick with his arousal. Dean’s hand slid up and then down, and Cas’ body seized… he grunted once… twice and Dean felt hot cum coating his hand. He threw back his head and chased his own orgasm, thrusting again and again.
“I’m writing a travel book about my adventures.” Every time he repeated that, it sounded more ridiculous.
“No. This is my first year. My son, Jack, signed me up for it. I think it is truly wonderful what these people are doing for the LGBTQ community.”
He divided the things into separate piles. Her scrapbooks and sketchbooks, he’d put away for Claire. The stack of journals was a different matter. Would Claire need to know about his sister’s love of men? He’d been scarred for life when Gabriel stole one of the journals her sophomore year of college and showed Castiel all the details of Anna’s sex life. It seemed a shame to get rid of them though. Too tired to make a reasonable decision, he picked them up and carried them to his bedroom. As he was pushing them onto the top shelf of his closet, the top one fell down and hit the floor. A few photographs flew out and landed near his shoes. Groaning, he bent to pick them up and froze.
Dean was a celebrity, a chef with his own restaurant, surely his life was more exciting. Maybe he was mocking Castiel.
“I don’t think that’s why he’s here. His email to Donna said he was writing a book about his adventures traveling the globe.”
With his newfound freedom of a car, Castiel had stopped by the grocery store and bought provisions. He had bottled water, granola bars, fresh fruit, and chocolate to add to the lunches that Dean brought. Now, he stood at the motel’s main entrance with his messenger bag and a cloth shopping bag full of snacks.
Henriksen slid two cell phones toward him. “These are your phones.” He tapped one of them. A late model iPhone. “Never call me on this one. Ever. We will mostly communicate via email. If it is urgent, I will call
The ride to the store was done in complete silence. Cas didn’t even turn on the radio.  The Dollar Tree wasn’t crowded since it was a work and school day. Dean grabbed a green shopping cart and headed for the grocery aisle. When he turned around, Max was still standing at the end, a perplexed expression on his face. At Dean’s questioning look, he shrugged and pointed.
“You may leave. Mr. Winchester will be seated with me.” The traitor left him alone with Cas. Dean wasn’t quite ready to think about his feelings for the vampire. “Shall we take our seats?”
“What the hell, Castiel? Yesterday, you told Ruby that you thought you could...” Gabriel yelled and then bit off his words.
Castiel ignored him and sat down. He picked up his phone and touched the record app. “ID Texas, Seven, seventeen, forty-two, male, five foot, two inches, approximately thirty years of age.” Then he recorded it in the small notebook he carried in his equipment case. “Shall we go?” Castiel suggested, with a benign smile.
A few minutes later, he heard the rumble of Dean’s Impala in the garage. He closed his eyes and let his body relax on the couch. Closing his eyes, he thought back over the last several months.
“Oh, hon, Wally World is Walmart. Have you been living under a rock, Sweetie?” She patted his arm and walked out before he could come up with an answer. Walmart? Well, of course, he’d heard of the huge conglomerate, though he’d never shopped there. At the entrance to the dining room, she stopped. “Hey, you old fart, what’d you find out?”
Restless, Castiel moved swiftly down the hall to Dean's room. He listened and heard Dean's pulse. He was still awake. He knocked, but it went unanswered. Again. Then a third time, each louder than the last. Dean did not want to see him. How he hated his beating heart and all the emotions that went with it.
Cas hadn’t ventured up to the apartment much. When his workday was over, he would head home... or wherever he went during his off hours. Did the man have a personal life? Someone to rub his tired feet? Someone to... Dean swallowed. What was he doing? He had to stop thinking about his boss that way.
A set of doors swung open and a pair of black horses, led by one of the witches of Missouri’s coven, entered, pulling a small white carriage. Missouri’s body, now wrapped in dark cloth, lie atop it. Following them, came the rest of Missouri’s coven, dressed in red and black hooded robes. They came to a stop in the center of the room. Their new Priestess released her hold on the horses and set candles at each of the Cardinal points. She swept the area with a broom and laid it next to Missouri, then she pulled a sword from the scabbard at her side. Raising it above her head, her voice rang out.
“Dean, it’s a smart phone. Trust me, it’s worth it. This is a computer that fits in the palm of your hand. You can access the internet from anywhere.”
“We’ve got reports of three dogs missing from that area. One wouldn’t be a red flag, because dogs roam, but three in one small area... Cas and I thought it warranted a drive-by.”
She didn’t have to know it was a fellow marine biologist from Texas A & M and they talked about sea life the entire evening.
“I don’t know. I liked the ribs. They were undercooked but the sauce was pretty darn good,” Benny piped in after taking a bit of the sauce on his finger and tasting again.
Jack’s decision, but Castiel had been pushing for the LCI ever since Jack told him he wanted to become a chef.
The work was gruesome and emotional. They found traces of both Garth and the woman, her remains going into the plastic garbage bag. It was all done quietly and with respect. When they were done, Castiel held out a hand to haul Dean back into the boat.
Dean leaned his head back on the seat and closed his eyes. Was he being dismissed? Castiel sat stiffly, unable to keep his eyes off Dean. “You’re thinking too loud,” Dean mumbled.
“Let’s get on with it then,” Dean said and waited for his cue. The show was filmed before a live audience so when Dean walked onto the set and took his mark, the crowd roared. Not only was he an award-winning chef, he looked like an underwear model and the women loved him. The cameras loved him as well, which is how the year old show held the best time slot on the Network.
Stepping inside Winchester's was exciting. Floor to ceiling custom wine racks covered the wall to his left, to his right was a seating area with a fireplace. The hostess station was teak with a marble top. The place oozed class. “Can I help you?” The pretty blonde was dressed in a red tuxedo shirt, bow tie and black slacks.
Dean was shaking his head from side to side. “I love you and I’d give up everything for you. Everything.”
“Like he hasn’t heard that one a thousand times,” Dean said dryly, but he held out his hand to Jack. “Good to meet you. That one is mine, Claire. The obnoxious one is Charlie. She works for me. And this is Gilda, her soon-to-be wife.”
Going back to his house nightly after dropping Cas off at his hotel wasn’t sitting well, so Saturday night Dean decided invite himself to dinner in Cas’ room. The dude had to be kind of lonely being in a strange city and not knowing anyone.
“No, these are Sulcatas. The third largest tortoise in the world, with the Galapagos being the largest. They come from the southern edge of the Sahara Desert.”
“We should... bedroom... oh, God...” Dean’s mouth found one of his nipples and teeth scraped the sensitive bud. “Dean...”
“She hated the law. By binding two members of the Council, she could turn the tide. She knew the votes would swing toward allowing the species to blend blood, especially with Alistair gone.”
He had a couple more stops to make. Josie Sands was a local girl and one of Lilith’s friends from high school according to local gossip. He pulled up to the modest brick home just outside the city limits. Miss Sands, so he’d been told, was a single mother and worked in Montgomery as a secretary for some accounting firm. Since it was Saturday, he suspected she’d be home. The red Mustang convertible in the driveway told him he’d been correct in his assumption. Accountants must pay pretty damn good, he mused as he walked by the late model, ruby red car.
It wasn’t a question and Dean didn’t treat it like one. “And thirds,” he said honestly. “But not about us... not that. It’s just... fuck.”
Shrugging off his wet raingear, he shook the water from his hair. He needed to change and assumed that’s what Dean was doing. He moved to the door and called out, “Should we order something for dinner?”
Dean’s eyes flashed with anger and Castiel felt the air around them crackle with energy. “Don’t,” he whispered. Confusion flashed in Dean’s eyes. He really had no idea how strong he was. He had no idea how to control his power. That would need to be remedied... fast.
“Dean... it’s Dean,” Dean corrected him. Novak nodded and looked like he was going to say something else, but they called for boarding.
“Yep. Ellen took care of that, a high chair, a baby gate, and a stroller. That woman could have planned the Normandy Invasion. Trust me, she wouldn’t forget anything.” Dean hadn’t been back to his place since Ellen dropped off the stuff this morning, but he had faith.
“I’m marrying the most perfect man in the world tomorrow and he makes me so very happy.” Dean’s dimples deepened and he kissed Castiel’s knuckles.
Laughing at his wife’s unaccustomed language, Chuck reached for her hand. “And what is your plan, Bex?”
It was John that answered the door. “Hey, Mister Cas. Dad’s making salad cuz he says you look like a salad guy. Do you like spaghetti? Dad makes the bestest. He doesn’t use mushrooms cuz they taste like dirt. Do your turtles eat mushrooms? Unca Sam likes ‘em grilled. Dad says that’s gross.”
He had his phone in his hand when Crowley stuck his head in the room. “Novak. Good, you’re still here. Your boyfriend passed me a note to give to you.”
Claire, lifted her arms and leaned forward, and Castiel passed her over. “I have a feeling I’m missing something.”
Dating Aaron had broken the rules. He was smart and funny. He’d said he was fine with staying in at Dean’s place. After a month of non-dating, Aaron started making noise about labels and coming out. Dean always changed the subject. Then six weeks in, Aaron came to spend the weekend and they’d argued. Aaron unceremoniously broke up with him, and left. End of story.
“I don’t have the best taste in men.” Dean had had an idea Cas wasn’t totally straight, but he hadn’t expected him to just toss it out there. Dean was bi, but he never talked about it with anyone, not anymore.
“I’ve covered several of FRAC’s fundraisers and have gotten to know Charlie pretty well. After reading the article I did on your Farm to Table business, she approached me.” Meg nodded to Charlie and she took over.
“Yes,” Dean whispered to Castiel. His arms found their way around Castiel and they shared a long kiss full of promise.
. That was rich. The plan – Sam's plan – was to have Dean stay with him and Eileen, a woman he’d never met even though she and Sammy had been married for eight years.
Reluctantly, Castiel opened the door and put one foot out on his driveway. He turned. “Dean, I’d like to see you again.”
Dean started the truck and before they’d even left the parking lot, Novak mentioned lunch. Dean told him about the provisions he’d packed in his cooler and the man simply stared at him like he’d grown another head. “It’s not much and if you don’t like it, we can swing through a drive-thru.”
Dean pursed his lips and blew out a breath. He needed a Plan B. He held up a finger to the clerk and pulled out his phone. “Balthazar, please... it’s Winchester.” He leaned against the counter since there wasn’t anyone else waiting. “Hey. I need Novak’s room number... because... because he left something in my car.” Another lie. If there was a God, he’d be ramping up a lightning bolt. “Thanks, dude.”
“If you say so, brotha’.” Benny stepped away and made his way back to the helm, where a dark-skinned man was steering them further and further away from civilization.
“I sleep alone, Deputy Winchester.” Castiel mimicked the deputy’s casual pose, keeping eye contact. Seconds ticked by. They say eyes are the window to the soul. If that’s the case, the deputy must have a beautiful soul.
The rest of his morning was spent on the phone with said provider and an appointment was made for the following week. In DC, they would have been able to install within twenty-four hours. So much for small town living. Thankfully, he wasn’t paying for his data usage. After he’d hung up with them, he checked his email.
The house smelled of death. He knew it was his imagination, but knowing his mother died here just four days ago made his stomach roll and his palms sweat. Charlie, ever polite, hadn’t moved from the doorway. “Mom kept a guest room. Lebanon doesn’t have much, but there are a few hotels out near Highway 36, if you’d prefer.” Did he even want to stay here? He strode determinedly down the hall to his old room. Other than smelling musty, it looked the same. Posters hung on the walls and the same blue corduroy bedspread covered the twin bed. His bookshelves were filled with all his old books and awards from both his days as Lebanon High’s track star and local singing competitions.
“Don’t care, Cas,” Dean said and then to prove it, he took off his sunglasses and removed his baseball cap, sitting it loosely on Claire’s head. She laughed in delight and reached up to play with it. Dean was aware of a few people pulling out their phones to take pictures. “Cas, listen... being with me means being in the spotlight sometimes. I’ll do my best to keep you and Claire safe from all that, but I’m not ashamed of my feelings for you.”
It took Dean all of two minutes to get to the library from the newspaper office, and Sam was hot on his heels. They arrived at the same time since Sam’s long legs allowed him to run the short distance and Dean had to get to his cruiser and drive the half block. Sam made it inside before him because parking was a bitch. He was a reporter with a mission and Dean knew nothing would stand in Sam’s way of a story.
“Don’t apologize, babe.” Dean knelt down and held out his arms. “Come here, princess.” Tearfully, she went to him. To Cas, he said, “Come on.”
The interview with Luke Novak was eye opening. The numbers he tossed out made Dean’s heart skip a beat. He’d be making more than Alistair paid him, plus he was getting a health and dental plan. There would definitely be a learning curve though. He was to plan four meals daily. The crew on board the rig could eat every six hours. Before he left in a week’s time, he had to get a list of any specialty items or food to Luke, who would order it and have it delivered the Blue Sea.
“That’s pretty cool,” she said, suddenly shy and not at all like the girl who stood up for him earlier. She mounted the bike. “See you late, Dad.” They both watched her ride off.
The rest of their day consisted of vaccinating children and patching up various wounds from the villagers.
The night after his interview, he had Sam over and they packed what he would need for his rotation. The Novak Oil crews worked fourteen days on, fourteen days off, and for twelve-hour shifts. Dean knew he’d have two sous chefs and several kitchen staff. He also knew there were one hundred people, give or take, on board the Blue Sea during a rotation.
“What the fuck? Yesterday, he was telling my wife that he was excited for you to see what he did with his place. About damn time he got rid of Anna’s things... sorry, I go into unscripted rants occasionally. And he didn’t tell you why?”
Dean led the way across the field, trying not to think about Cas following him. In the light from the porch, he got his first good look at the man Cas had become. He’d been gorgeous back then, but now... now, he was a work of art. Literally. Ink curled around both arms disappearing into his tight t-shirt. But it was Cas’ face that made his heart race. He was beautiful.
After hanging up, he looked at the closed bathroom door. Dean had carried his bag in there while Castiel made his call.
“At the last meeting, it was discussed that the arcane law of interspecies mating was antiquated and should be removed.” There were a lot of angry murmurs from the members, but Missouri paid no heed. Castiel liked the strong witch. He considered her one of the few friends he had on the Council.
Her smile was still watery, but she hugged him tight again. “Thank you, Daddy... for everything.” She let him go and jogged into the tent shared by the other two girls.
“You aren’t holding that against me, are you? Come on, Cas, I was just playing around. You acted like you were going to catch cooties from me hugging you.”
“I do. I do,” he repeated. “But Dean, it’s only four-thirty. I thought you’d want to go home... change...” He knew he wanted a shower. The Texas heat had made him sweaty and he wanted to be fresh for his date.
“What?” Gabriel stopped leading Stevie Nicks, one of their pretty Holstein Friesians, his face a hardened mask. “What did he say to you? We won’t be putting up with that shit, publicity or not.”
At four, he placed his seal on the final drawings and handed them off to one of the firm’s runners. Then he leaned back in his chair and rolled his neck to ease out the kinks. His eyes were drawn to the framed picture on the right side of his desk. He smiled as he usually did when he looked at it. A wedding picture was hung on the wall behind him, but this picture was more candid, both him and Dean on stage singing Karaoke at his last birthday.
“Just some good honest labor,” came a deep voice behind him. Porn worthy, Dean thought as he turned. Then frowned. It was him.
“I’m on days, but I’ll follow your instructions and menu plan. Benny and I have been handling things since we lost the last chef. We have a good system, but you’re the new boss.” He stopped there as if waiting for Dean to throw in his two cents.
The three hosts talked about their favorite breakfast foods for another minute. When the segue music started, Charlie announced the commercial break. “When we come back, Dean is going to be in the kitchen with Castiel Novak, a pastry chef from Atlanta, Georgia.”
“You didn’t come here to chat about the view,” Castiel said, unwilling to give Dean pleasant conversation after the morning they’d both endured. He watched as Dean seemed to be having an internal argument by the scowl on his face.
“Cas, when you finish in wardrobe, have someone bring you to the set so I can show you around the kitchen.” Dean met his eyes in the mirror and gave him a reassuring smile. Castiel nodded briskly and made his escape.
“Let’s get back to the children thing. I have Mandy. She’s my world. Do you want a kid of your own?”
“To new friends.” Dean held up his glass. Cas touched the rim of his flute to Dean’s and took a small sip.  Dean took a swig of his and casually placed his hand on Cas’ thigh. Cas pointedly looked down at his leg and back up at Dean.
“I know what exonerated means.” He stood. “Wait here, and I’ll get you an application.” He went through the door again and Dean felt panic setting in. There’s no way a place like this would ever hire him. Was the universe playing some sort of sick joke on him?
“Anytime, Mr. Novak,” Dean said, his smile soft, eyes twinkling. Castiel was drawn to him, but like a moth to a flame, it would end in disaster. Falling for someone was not in his plans. Not until Jack and Claire were living their own lives.
A burst of pride lit his face when he stopped at his store. Novak’s Antique Emporium was embossed in regal gold lettering on the leaded glass door. The two display windows were unilluminated and he couldn’t wait to turn on the beautiful oil lamps he’d found in a farmhouse in Iowa.
“He is friends with Ruby Cortese, the leader of a coven in the States. She’s been warned about using dark magic, but I do not trust her,” Missouri offered. She turned to Castiel. “You must go to them, Castiel. Take them somewhere safe.”
“Do you need a ride home?” Frank and Mildred had been released and had left a short time ago. Victor was rounding up his team to leave and Castiel knew they’d be in DC before dinnertime.
“Obviously, horseradish, but I’m not keen on entrails. No liver, stomach, kidneys, or brains for me,” Dean said with a grimace.
“Okie dokie,” John sing-songed and skipped into the house. He fed Kojo another piece of sweet potato.
“I was running on empty.” Everyone knew the story. It was plastered on every supermarket rag in the world. Talking about it was therapy, or so Meg kept telling him. He pointed out the window. “I was the proverbial small-town boy, singing in church and high school talent shows. I was ‘discovered’ when I made a YouTube video.” He stopped. He remembered that day like it was yesterday. The memories of laughter, twinkling green eyes, and the feeling of being loved overwhelmed him for a moment. As if sensing it, Charlie bowed her head and gave him time to pull himself together.
“Guess so,” Dean nodded as the SUVs began to pull out of the parking lot. As they got into Castiel’s car, Dean pointed to the line of cars stopped at the gate. A guard in full military gear stood blocking their entry. “Wonder what they are telling the park employees?”
Long fingers reached into the waistband of his pants and Dean moaned, pressing his hips forward. “You are so fucking beautiful,” Cas murmured against his lips. Then he felt the warm touch, the teasing trail up and down his rapidly hardening cock. “If... if I had the means, I’d lay you out on that bed and lick you open. I’d fuck you with my tongue until you begged...” Another soft kiss. “... for my cock.” Teeth took his lower lip and Dean shivered, despite the warmth of the room. “Is that what you really want, Dean? My hard dick pushing into your willing body? I’ll bet you’d wrap your legs around me and...” A thumb rubbed across his slit and Cas hummed. “Mmmmm, feel how wet... how turned on you are.”
The months since he and Claire moved to New York had flown by. They stayed busy, but Dean had modified his schedule for them. They filmed during the week and Dean spent the early afternoon at Winchester’s going over things with Ellen and Garth. He only worked on Friday and Saturday nights. Castiel spent his time with Claire. While she napped, he worked on his newest endeavor, his blog. With the studio’s permission, he wrote about filming the show, behind the scenes, the recipes, and the life of two dads raising a little girl in The Big Apple. His phone rang just as he was deciding what he was going to cook for dinner. “Hello, Dean.”
He backed up a step. “Thank you, Miss Sands.” He touched the brim of his hat and hurried down the weed-ridden walkway. Driving to the station, he realized he had jack shit.
Then the Council said together: "I will remember you at Samhain and bless." Dean was quiet beside him. He would learn the ways soon enough.
The Jeep stopped at a red light and he felt a warm hand on his thigh. “Dean, I know you have a lot to process...” Dean grabbed Cas’ hand like a lifeline.
He shoved a mouthful of eggs into his mouth and then tore off a bite of flaky fish. “This is awesome. How did the eggs make the trip, man?”
The audience clapped and cheered, the other contestants all leaned over to congratulate Novak, but the winner just gave a horrible parody of a smile. Dean wondered what the guy’s story was. Clearly, he wasn’t excited to be the winner.
Castiel took a deep breath and remembered Mildred’s words. Life was risky, but just maybe... “Dean, are you doing anything later this evening?”
His gaze fell to Dean, who was peering into one of the crates. Dr. Dean Winchester… here from Lawrence, Kansas… a trauma surgeon. They’d been working side by side for the last three weeks and had become fast friends. If Cas was honest with himself, he’d admit that he was already in love with the other doctor. Dean didn’t see him that way though.
Victor was quiet for a few seconds and when Castiel spared him a look, his fellow operative was eying Dean, who was still talking to the EMT, with Mildred hovering close by.
“That fucker. I’m going to hunt his ass down and kill him... slow and painful. Maybe peel back his skin inch by inch... I’ll...”
do anything to..." Cas hesitated. "I just don't date or 'hook up' anymore. If that's all you want from me, I can call you a cab."
. My piece of shit manager that kept me in drugs and booze as long as I was a good boy and sang for my supper.” He took a step away from Dean. “I would have been there, Dean. You have to know that. I loved you.”
“Hello, Ash.” Castiel slid onto the leather seat and Ash closed the door behind him. Classic rock music was playing over the speakers. Castiel preferred classical and instrumentals, but he wasn’t sure if he could ask to change it.
“Kate, talk to me about your black bean and turkey burgers.” Dean put his arm around the owner of the food truck, an attractive, older Hispanic woman. She told Dean that she served this daily and her customers loved it. He set it back down on the plate after he tasted it. He nodded at her, an encouraging smile on his face. Not bad if you liked healthy crap.
Once in the kitchen, Dean pushed aside thoughts of Cas and settled into the routine of running one of the busiest restaurants in New York. When midnight rolled around, Dean left the cleanup to his crew and waved goodbye. He hailed a cab and almost dozed off on the short ride back to his place.
“Your turn.” Dean’s voice behind him startled him and he splashed coffee onto his hand. “Sorry, I thought you heard me coming. Sam says I walk like a draft horse, like he would know. I don’t think he’s ever seen a horse in person.” The chef was dressed in a pair of jeans, zipped but unbuttoned, and nothing else.
“It’s over,” Castiel said, his voice cold as ice. His finger tightened on the trigger. “Drop the knife and you live.”
“Smartass. You know I’m not diving in after you if a giant alligator bites your legs off.” He mumbled something about being quiet, asked Dean to toss him his bag, and then he was crawling up the bank like a ninja. He disappeared into the underbrush.
Dean had just taken a sip of his beer and he almost spewed it across the bar. He choked as he tried to swallow. Cas was looking at him with concern. “Are you alright?”
He unloaded the car after he was sure the realtor was gone, and it only took him ten minutes to unpack. Since he hadn’t had a chance to go to his condo, his bag still had his clothing from his last mission in it. Cargo pants, a few lightweight shirts, jeans, and underwear. He’d have to do laundry weekly, but he’d be fine for the short time he’d be here. The bedroom he picked was the master with en suite bathroom, complete with a clawfoot tub.
“I think perhaps it is my fault,” Castiel admitted. “He doesn’t seem to want me here, despite his denial otherwise.”
“Home,” Claire shouted from the backseat and Dean reluctantly released Cas’ hand. Maybe they could do this.
Michael, second eldest Novak, nudged Sam’s knee under the long oak table. “Keep up, Sam. Too many late nights for the newlyweds, huh?”
Castiel looked around his new home with his hands on his hips. Everything was finally put away, the last box of books was put on the shelving units, and he finally had a weekend to relax. The knock at the door startled him out of his thoughts. He didn’t know anyone in town yet, except for a few of his co-workers.
“Yep.” Dean popped the ‘p’ and leaned back on his heels. “I wanted to visit the Teche Area Farmers Market.”
“I’ve never been ‘giddy’ in my life,” Cas said dryly. He stood. “I will have to work longer hours today through Wednesday to prepare for the weekend.”
Without moving from his place on the floor, Dean cupped his hand behind Castiel’s neck and brought his head down. He whispered against his ear. “I’m sorry, I should have done this privately. You can still back out.”
“In the bedroom,” Cas shouted back. He took a second to throw the sheet over them and Dean felt his face heating with embarrassment.
“I don’t foresee any problems. We knock on the door, you do your whammy thing on them, and we leave. Easy peasy.”
“Yes,” he answered as the wheels touched down. Thankfully, no one on the plane recognized him with two days' worth of stubble and the old trench coat covering his ink. Donning a pair of aviators and a baseball cap, he prepared to disembark.
“Let’s go to my house. At least I have bacon and eggs,” Frank muttered, picking up his cup of coffee and leaving the kitchen. “And I can do some research.”
“Why?” Dean was already reaching for his phone on the nightstand. It meant that he had to drag Cas across the bed with him.
Dean gave it everything he had. He used every trick he could think of and from the noises Cas was making, he was doing a fine job at wrecking the professor. When he finally came, Dean took all of it. The thick cum flooding his mouth. He licked his lips after he swallowed and met Cas’ eyes. The professor reached out to cup Dean’s face. “I could get used to that.”
“Dean, you can have a drink. It really doesn’t bother me.” For the first time since he got his one-year chip, he truly wished he could partake the liquid courage.
Dean saw him looking and shrugged.  “It’s a bit cold to eat out there now, but maybe when you come up to tape your segment, we can try it.”
Inside, Dean opened the sun roof and popped the cork on another bottle of champagne. “Are you trying to get into my pants?”
Benny edged the boat out of the warehouse and reached up to turn on the light bar. Castiel knew it was out of respect for their fallen teammate. Dean stood at the bow, shoulders straight, hands clasped behind his back. Jo sat at the stern, eyes swollen and staring off at nothing in particular.
"Dean Winchester is a self-entitled dick. Let's leave it at that." Castiel snatched up Claire's suitcase and bag of toys, the toys he bought her, not the huge hamper that his sibling's wife must have bought while he was away for less than three days.
“No,” Dean spat, brushing past his brother. His eyes were drawn to the pile of ashes and he stumbled, dropping Cas’ phone to the ground. An anguished cry made its way past his lips and he hit his knees. Picking up the phone, he carefully brushed off the dirt. He squeezed his eyes shut and felt the grief he’d tamped down overwhelm him again. “I loved you too,” he whispered, praying that wherever angels went when they died, Cas could hear him.
“Mildred, could you let Mr. Milton answer the question?” Winchester asked, straightening and dropping his hands to his side.
Henrique was grilling something over the fire and it smelled amazing. Dean followed his nose. “Hey, what’s for breakfast?”
on the television and usually stood a few feet away from it, clapping whenever Dean was on the screen.
As the bus pulled away, Dean came out of the house. He was dressed in jeans and another flannel shirt. Castiel looked down at his own blue chambray shirt, worn workpants, and the rubber boots he wore around the animals. He already had cow manure smeared on one. “You are quite the catch, Castiel,” he muttered to himself.
“Uh, yeah, so... dinner.” Dean held up a familiar red and white bucket of chicken. In his other hand was a brown paper bag. Castiel couldn’t help but notice how Dean’s eyes stayed fixed on his face.
He stood up and leaned over the desk, palms flat on the papered surface. “No, that would be unethical.”
and he'd memorized the pattern of freckles across his nose and cheeks, the color of his eyes -- so green they were like leaves in the early spring, the shape of his lips which were almost feminine. He groaned.
Dean saw the touch of a smile on the other man’s lips. Damn, he had nice lips. Full, slightly dry. “I do ‘bakery stuff’ myself, and I’m in need of some part time help. I pay a good wage and will give you about thirty hours a week. It would include some weekends.” The air quotes the guy made threw Dean off, but then the words sank in.
“Ah,” Cas nodded and took a bite. While he chewed, he seemed to be contemplating the meaning of life by the serious expression he wore. Dean, growing even more discouraged, put down his phone with a growl of disgust. Maybe he should buy a used camper or something. He could park it at one of the RV parks. “I have several empty bedrooms.”
“With this accent?” Cas smiled. “No, I’m from Boston originally, but my family moved to California when I was small.”
“What are you doing here?” Cas’ usually deep voice was raised in anger. He came forward and snatched Claire up causing her to drop the teapot. It rolled under the table, still playing music, and she started to cry.
Thirty minutes later found Dean mixing batter for a batch of specialty cupcakes. The notebook that was in his bin was filled with the recipes the bakery used daily. This batch was one of the signature flavors. Deadly Sin was a deep dark chocolate with a frosting made with Bailey’s Irish Cream. The decoration was a molded white chocolate skull with horns, each one dipped in red gel icing. Dean worked methodically. Cas was working on a birthday cake across the room from him and the quiet was calming. In prison, even the kitchen was noisy.
“It doesn’t have a name yet.” Dean was glad that Garth hadn’t told Cas he made the dessert up tonight because Dean wanted to please his guest. “Please taste it,” Garth said, clearly nervous.
“No. Some asshat will shorten it to Belle and then you’d have the whole Disney princess thing going on,” Dean said, eyeing the newborn. “I’d name her Calliope.”
On their way back to the bakery, Dean called Sam, and his brother met them there to help with the unloading. The three men made short work of setting up the apartment and when Dean looked around, he was relatively pleased by the way it was coming together. He thanked Cas for his help and watched his boss close the door behind him.
To give him better leverage, Dean reached up and gripped the headboard. Understanding his need, Cas dug his fingers into Dean’s hips and fucked up into him. The musky scent of sex filled his nose. “Fuck...fuck me... Cas...Cas...”
“While I appreciate the offer, I must decline.” Castiel read the reviews of Winchester's. The place was expensive. Too expensive for his budget. His brother’s restaurant was getting great press but they weren’t even close to the same caliber as Pretty Boy’s place.
“Not usually, but I will until I can get you a key made.” Cas was going to trust him with a key? The fact he trusted Dean without even knowing him was both heartwarming and blatantly stupid.
Castiel wasn’t surprised when Dean took the seat across from him. “How are you liking the job so far?” Castiel figured work was a safe topic.
Dean shrugged and looked at Audrey, who was sharing a pair of earbuds with Krissy, both lip-syncing to some song. “Since her mom died, I’ve tried to be more involved in the day to day stuff. Having a teenage girl is not for sissies, let me tell you. She’s a handful, but a good kid. Fucking smart... uh, sorry.”
“I pictured this differently in my head,” Dean said, his hand rubbing the back of his neck. Cas noted his other hand was trembling. Cas cocked his head to the side in question. Dean laughed mirthlessly. “I thought this would be a quick fuck.”
Dean picked the pages up and saw a few things written in red. “That’s fine. You’re the experts at cooking here. It’ll probably take me a few weeks to get into the rhythm of things. I’ll bow to you guys until I learn the ropes. I’m pretty easy to work with.”
“Okay... I guess I’ll wait.” He looked around and tried to find a place to sit that was out of the way of the staff.
Meg looked at Charlie and she grinned. “One week. I’ve cleared Dean’s schedule and he’s all yours for the duration, starting tomorrow.”
When he looked in the mirror the next morning, he sent a silent prayer that the makeup artist would be able to conceal the heavy, dark circles under his eyes.
There is a brief semi-sexual encounter with Cas and another man, but trust me, it isn't of any import. He is a vampire after all.
The producer of the show, Fergus Crowley, was leaning back in one of the stylist’s chairs across from Dean. “We’ve gone over this. They were nominated to win a chance to cook with you on the show. You, Benny, and Charlie will taste their dishes today and pick the winner. He or she will come back to tape the episode next month.”
The clothes, cute dresses and pajamas, were tossed to the floor, but she squealed when her hands wrapped around the stuffed bear wearing a bathrobe and matching hairbow. She tucked it under her chubby arm and dove in for more.
“But you don’t know how a story ends until you turn the page. Life is risky.” She glared up at Dean, standing several inches taller than her five-and-a-half-foot frame. Dean looked from her to Castiel.
“Why have you always told us to hide our power?” Sam asked. Dean thought he knew all these years. He’d thought he was to blame for his parents’ death and that’s why Bobby made him swear he’d never use it again, but now he knew differently.
“I have tortoises.” The boy’s eyebrows came together in a confused frown. “Turtles,” Castiel said, knowing the child wouldn’t know the difference.
Dean laughed. “I wouldn’t mind being saved by him either, but can it wait until we are on the ground?”
“Let’s face it, Winchester has us spoiled.” Crowley frowned and put his elbows on the table. “Damned handsome bloke. These next two weeks are going to be miserable.” Castiel nodded. It was for the best though. Out of sight, out of mind. Wasn’t that how the saying went? It wasn’t working for Castiel. The image of Dean dropping to his knees played on a constant loop in his mind.
Dean wasn’t listening anymore. His eyes were trained on the man in the yellow apron. ‘Cas’ was embroidered in the center. He had the bluest eyes Dean had ever seen. “Please come inside so I can clean your...” He pointed to his own cheek. “...face.”
Surprisingly, Dean didn’t argue with him, while Castiel mixed the plaster for the footprint. The cast would be lifted, measured, and photographed.
“But you did, deary. You wished a man like that would love you.” She laughed softly. “As wishes go, it was easy. You really didn’t even need me. The seed was already planted by fate. She’s such an attention whore.”
Castiel took one more look into the mirror. He was feeling self-conscious in the shirt Jack had bought him to wear. He believed in the message behind it though. Any parent who tossed their kid to the curb because they came out as gay, bi, trans, or any of the other parts of the spectrum were worthless, in his opinion. He straightened his shoulders, nodded to his reflection, and turned. “Good enough?”
“Well, not with Mildred. I’ll have to find my own place, but yes, in answer to your question, I’m here to stay.”
. Remember tomorrow is Saint Patrick’s Day, wear your green.” Dean tapped the screen and Led Zepplin began to fill the airwaves. He leaned back in his chair and stretched. It was midnight.
Her smile was blinding. “Call everyone you know. Explain the situation. No one crosses the Novak family.”
“We have to keep hunting,” Cas said. “Something this large cannot stay hidden forever. Once Sam’s newscast airs, I’m hoping people will be more alert.” Sam and Cas had shared a brief conversation earlier and he was set to broadcast on the newsbreak at noon. The office of the Texas Fish and Game would be issuing its own press release on five of the city’s radio stations. News of the boy’s death was all over social media already and they needed to calm the panic.
Dean didn’t have to be told twice. He poked his fork in and broke off a large bite. Castiel stared at Dean’s awestruck expression and wondered if he looked like that when he had an orgasm. He stifled the thought immediately. He
“Nothing. Nothing is going on,” he said sullenly. He wasn’t about to bend down and clean up the mess he made. Not while she was here.
“Is this where I’m supposed to be?” The man was gorgeous. Tall, well-built, brown hair that glinted with ginger highlights in the sun. Mildred, the organization’s leader, stepped forward.
Lights and sirens would be overkill, but lunchtime traffic on Main Street was sending him in a downward spiral. Where would Cas be? Missus Howell’s house hadn’t been rented again, but Cas wouldn’t be able to just move in without notice, would he? Mildred would know and even as nervous as he was about seeing her again, he had to know.
him. If the night couldn’t get any worse. He floundered and ran. Now, he was home alone with a bottle of Jack and some cold pizza that wasn’t sitting well in his stomach.
“You’ve cuffed us together, Dean.” Cas sat back, his ass resting on Dean’s upper thighs, arm at an awkward angle.
The tiny sign welcomed him to Coosa Falls and it looked like he drove into Mayberry. Where was Andy Griffith? Small shops lined the main street and he stopped the car when he saw the town’s library. He did love to read and with time on his hands, he’d probably be visiting that place quite a bit. It was a small, red brick building set back off the street by a green lawn and bike racks. An elderly man stared at him from the sidewalk. Castiel knew he could take him with one hand behind his back, but he moved on, turning left at the next corner. He found himself on a lane lined with old homes.
“Maybe I’m reading more into it...” Castiel let his words trail off. And maybe he was blowing it out of proportion. Gabriel stared at him over Pat Benatar's back. “I’ll be fine,” he assured his somewhat overprotective brother. “Please don’t say anything.”
“Ah, that explains it.” Dean flipped on the light bar and pushed down on the accelerator. They were just off the Sam Houston Tollway. It wouldn’t take him long.
Dean had a spare coat for Cas since that trench coat wouldn’t do the job. He also wrapped Cas in a scarf and pulled a knit cap down around his ears. Satisfied Cas could handle the bitter New York winter now, he grabbed his hand and headed to toward Central Park.
“Yes. Dean Winchester, Boy Wonder. Must think I’m his lackey.” The English accent was laced with sarcasm. He practically shoved a folded piece of paper at Castiel.
Castiel grinned, “Of course, son. That’s what I’m here for.” He put his arms around the too-thin boy and closed his eyes, wondering what his home life was like. When he opened them, he caught Jack’s expression, a soft smile was on his lips. Knowing his son was proud of him made him hug the boy a bit tighter.
won out. He dug his fingers into Cas’ sides, hard enough to bruise, as his tongue swept inside Cas’ hot mouth. Cas fisted his hair and he winced at the flash of pain, but fuck... his cock ached for it. Ached for Cas.
“And smart too. Miracles will never cease,” Castiel said dryly. Was it a bad thing to want to drown the warden in the lake and then tag the alligators that come to feed on him?
Castiel had been undercover more times than he could count, but mostly to catch incendiaries and usually in Middle Eastern countries. With his dark hair and a full beard, he could pass as a native, especially with the tan he usually kept. This time it was different though. This time, he was the hunted. A leak in their own agency put him in danger and several terrorist cells wanted him dead. The current price on his head was two million dollars. “Couldn’t you have found a place where I would fit in better? Small towns in the South are close knit. I’ll stand out like a sore thumb. And what is my reason for chosing Alabama?”
He groaned. Enough about Michael. They were done. It had been a civil breakup. Dean went to Michael’s apartment, gave him back his key, and told him to have a great life without him. He didn’t even give the other man time to argue.
“No, the mistake was thinking you wanted the same things I did. I’ve got to go.” Dean slid his thumb over the screen to end the call. Michael would go down as
As he approached Cas and his brother, Dean caught the last of their conversation and asked, “Prime specimen?”
“Very well,” he said, walking back to his luggage. Out of spite, he took the suitcase and smiled innocently down at the equipment case. He’d hauled it before and knew it weighed about a hundred pounds. It had wheels on one end, but it was still quite heavy and awkward. “Would you mind...”
“He’s got a pond in one of his pastures and he’s got four head that have been ripped apart. We’re going to follow him out there.”
They entered a metal elevator cage and Charlie pressed a button. Down. Dean could see out of the enclosing grid and watched men in orange vests moving around the central drilling area. They clanged to a stop and Charlie stepped onto a catwalk directly above the water. “Holy shit,” Dean said, looking around. This level was about six feet above the surface. A maze of platforms and ladders made up this level.
Cas heard the steady thud of Dean’s boots behind him, but he didn’t stop until he was at his tent. Dean caught him by his shoulder. “Dude, stop and tell me what’s going on in the huge brain of yours.”
He turned and heard Dean’s gasp. Cas lifted his chin and waited. He felt the slide of Dean’s blunt nails, tracing the gray dairy barn and the field of wheat behind it. Almost hidden in a swirl of shadows was Dean’s beloved Impala. On his right shoulder blade, the letters D and W were inked in dark green entwined with vines of ivy. “My first.” The simple words carried a lot of meaning. Dean was his first love, his first sexual partner, and the tattoo was the first he’d commissioned. The artist took pictures provided by Cas and the result was nothing short of perfection.
He pulled into the driveway of Bobby’s house. A light was on in the garage. He found him under the hood of a ‘79 Trans Am. “You’re working late.” It was close to two.
Dean’s eyes opened, blinked once, and locked onto Castiel’s. Castiel ran his fingers slowly through Dean’s hair and whispered, “Come here.” Dean released his cock and got to his feet. Castiel’s gaze lowered to his full, wet lips. He slid his hand around the back of Dean’s neck and pulled him close, kissing him gently. Every nerve ending in his body was alive and pulsing. He wanted Dean. God help him, it scared the hell out of him.
“That’s our cue,” Gabriel stood and took his wife’s hand. “We’re going to spend tomorrow sightseeing, so don’t worry about entertaining us.” Both men got to their feet and hugs were traded around the table.
Castiel touched Ruby’s shoulder and then pulled her into a hug. He spoke into her hair. “Thank you for everything you do. For being there for me... and for Claire. We are going to be fine.”
“This guy is fuckin’ great,” Dean said to himself while he typed out a response. Dean was shaking his head after his last response when he decided to leave a little early. Dean got into the elevator and waited for the doors to open in the garage. Dean’s loft came with a garage under the building. It made the cost of the apartment over two million, but for a guaranteed parking spot in the city, it was worth it.  He didn’t drive his baby very often, but he kept her clean and purring like a…
An hour later, he was waiting at his gate. He spent the time before his flight getting to know the new laptop and checking out the new accounts under his alias. Victor was nothing if not thorough. He had a bank account, a credit card with a nice sized limit, and a fake email account. He even had an Amazon Prime membership.
It turned out that Cas was a multi-tasker. When he cupped his hand behind Dean’s neck to tug him down for a kiss, his other hand was snapped open the cap of the lube. Cool fingers found the cleft of his ass and moved down to circle his hole slow and gently. Dean moaned when Cas pressed inside. “Yes,” he hissed. “God... yes...” he whispered against Cas’ mouth.
Once the huge wooden doors thudded into place, he lifted his chin and his eyes met Tran’s. Her human-like mask relaxed and her true features were on display. He’d only seen her like this a few times. Her almond-shaped eyes rounded and four eyes stared back at him. Her mouth split and long, black fangs elongated from her, now hairy, face.
“You’re too good for me. See you soon.” Castiel ended the call and blew out a breath. Would he ever be able to commit? Did he
“You’re getting a great deal here. Old Missus Howell was just put in the nursing home by her son. He’s some hot shot lawyer in Birmingham.
“I have to disagree,” Dean interjected, his hand on the small of Castiel’s back. “Brining is time consuming and you can get it moist and tender by basting as you cook.”
Feeling something was expected of him, he brushed his fingertips across the fly of Dean’s jeans, feeling the fullness there. A hand grasped his. “Later,” Dean whispered and took a step back. “I was on my way to meet Cesar about a kitchen issue.”
The first touch of Dean’s tongue at his rim made him cry out. The wet heat made him buck and he felt, more than heard, Dean chuckle. “Easy, Tiger.”
He woke when his phone chirped, alerting him of a text. He checked the screen. It was almost time for his alarm, anyway. He looked at the message.
“Good, everyone take a few minutes to go over it and let me know if you have concerns or questions.”
“No.” Dean kept his answer short. He didn’t want to explain to anyone he’d been locked in a cell for the past fifteen years.
“This stroller is over a thousand dollars.” Dean had given Ellen his credit card, so he wasn’t worried.
Castiel didn’t bring any extra clothes, so he wore the same suit he’d worn at the taping. He’d brought one extra shirt to fly home in, so it would have to do. He hoped he wouldn’t spill anything on it tonight.
Sam stood up. He waited until Dean looked at him. “The Dean Winchester I know and love never let anything stop him from getting what he wanted.” With that, Sam walked out of the loft. Dean heard the elevator and sank onto one of the bar stools. It was crazy. A person didn’t fall for someone this fast. A person didn’t even think about chasing someone halfway across the country after just one night together. Crazy… fuck no… it was insane.
The twenty miles from Concord, and the Massachusetts Correctional Institution, to Boston took close to forty minutes. The traffic was insane. Dean stared at the cars. So many new models. He hadn’t lived under a rock the past fifteen years, he’d had television and computers, but to see them up close. God, he missed his baby.
“Back up, chief. I know my team are treated great here. I just give them some extra incentives,” Dean said, turning to face Castiel. “I like loyalty in my kitchen. In this case, I want them loyal to me
Once Dean had left his hotel, Castiel did more research. He touched base with a few other professionals in his field, emailing them pictures of the kills and the cast of the track. Two agreed with him, one thought he was nuts.
His blood ran cold when Akhtar’s voice reached his ear. “Novak, I had no idea you were a mithli. When I kill you, you will not sit at the right hand of your god.” Mithli, the word for pervert. How did he... this morning. He’d been here, watching the house.
“I can hear you thinking. You’re overanalyzing this, Cas. We’re friends, right?” Castiel didn’t know how to answer that. Friends? They barely knew each other. Before he could form an acceptable answer, Dean continued. “We’re friends that had some awesome sex.”
He paced the cluttered living room while Bobby etched wardings and sigils around his home. As dawn broke in the east, he heard the roar of a loud engine outside. Bobby huffed, “They’re here.”
Dean, not one to panic, stared at the ceiling for a few seconds. “Okay, so let’s think this through.” He heard Cas huff beside him and glanced over. His husband was also staring at the ceiling. “You’re... what? Gonna give up and wait until someone discovers our dead bodies?”
Dean stood up again, picked up the dishes and shrugged. “Yeah, well, Mick Jagger had it right. We can’t always get what we want.” As if on cue, the dining room doors opened and some of the kitchen staff entered. “Back to work, you scalawags,” Dean shouted. “See you around, Cas.”
“Guess he doesn’t like surprises.” Dean shrugged and stared down at his hands. The hostess walked away. The minutes ticked by and Dean shifted in his chair. He had a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach.
“Great. Kevin, will you finish these while I show Dean around?” He wiped his hands on a towel and stepped forward. “Well, this is your five-cent tour. You’ve seen the front of the bakery, this is the kitchen. The cooler is over there,” he said, pointing to a heavy metal door. “And that’s our storage area.” Another wave of his hand had Dean looking over at an open area with floor to ceiling shelves, filled with bins and boxes.
“I’m going to work,” he called out and picked up his utility belt from its hook by the back door. He wasn’t expecting an answer and didn’t get one.
The air conditioner felt great after the short, but humid walk. Castiel took a moment to look around. It was small but laid out to utilize the limited space. He hadn’t had a lot of time to update himself on news in the US, so he picked up Time, Newsweek, and a newspaper called the Opelika-Auburn News. He found a seat at a table where a teenage girl was sitting, reading a thick book. “Do you mind if I sit here?”
Sam slowed and they pulled into the parking lot of Massachusetts General. “I just have to make a pit stop.”
He drove to the small hotel where he’d been staying since he’d arrived back in the country. His condo was under surveillance and he wasn’t allowed to go there. At the hotel, he packed up his duffle. He’d have to make due with what he had until he got to Alabama. A knock on the door had him pulling the Ruger that Henriksen had given him. “Who is it?” He called, standing far left of the entry.
