‘I’m an idiot! It’s not a wall, it’s a garage door!’ he shouts, frustrated at how long it took him to see what is now glaringly obvious. ‘That doesn’t help find him, though, does it? Do you know how many garages there are in Greater London? ’ he pauses in his tirade as Mycroft lifts up his umbrella, pointing at the “sold” sign in the garden of the house next-door: one of the few houses on this street that hadn’t converted their garage into another living space.
Sighing, he opens his eyes and takes his phone from his inside jacket pocket, planning to send a quick message to John to test the waters.
Mycroft cannot resist the temptation to tease his brother about the number of pies he’s eaten that morning: ‘You’ll need to start watching your weight, dear brother’, and he smirks at Sherlock’s glare. ‘Why don’t you put those down and come outside to see Father. I believe he’s in the workshop.’
'Oh we do, Mary. Sherlock has been saying things like this for years!’ Molly giggles, stopping abruptly when she sees Mary’s face cloud over and her smiling mouth become a hard line. She takes another sip of her drink to stop herself from making any more embarrassing comments.
‘How did you -?’ Lestrade starts to ask, before stopping himself. They don’t have time for Sherlock to explain his deductions. ‘Any clue as to where she’s taken him?’
‘You want to be looking on their back, just above their waists, for an extremely fine stab wound.’ Sherlock says, ignoring John’s concern.
Leaving the hospital, Sherlock finds John outside against the wall opposite the side entrance they prefer to use.
He throws open the door and strides out to face the press, John, as always, following dutifully behind him.
‘Quite sure, I’m afraid’, he says with genuine sadness, still keeping his voice low in the hope that the inspector would follow suit. ‘I have the Watson address flagged, just as I do with 221B and the home of our parents. Anthea received the notification and called me’, he explains. ‘It appears Mrs Watson lived long enough to make the call from her mobile’, Mycroft tells him while texting Sherlock the same details. It would be up to his brother how much he decided to share with John.
‘I’m going to wait here and call for backup. I’ll tell the forensic team to hold off, and request an armed unit do a silent approach. With any luck she doesn’t know I’m here. May take a while to get mobilised though, so try not to perform any heroics in there’, Lestrade warns, not joking at all.
died? Sherlock, John and I believed it until that comment you made at the meeting on Tuesday.’ John raises an eyebrow at Mycroft, expectantly, and he obliges, ‘Something about Irene having fooled me twice.’
from existence, just like I did to our parents’, she says, stepping out from behind John’s chair, her gun arm twitching with the effort not to just point and shoot.
‘I don’t blame you, Sherlock, you were my only friend. I love you, that’s why I came up with this game to attract your attention. I think I excelled myself’, she says, smiling proudly and standing up tall; the gun now down by her side. When Sherlock doesn’t praise her, she continues, ‘No, I can’t blame you at all. I blame our parents,
‘I just need a drink’, he says, nodding towards a pub on the opposite side of the road from Barts. ‘Coming?’ He doesn’t wait for an answer before striding off. The pub is not somewhere he’s ever been before, and it looks like a bit of a dive, but he honestly couldn’t care less.
His immediate problem is how to stop himself shooting the walls in sheer frustration, or microwaving his phone to counteract his inevitable inability to leave John in peace. Truly, he could never be without his beloved iPhone, and his landlady (not housekeeper) has already complained about the living room wall resembling Swiss cheese. She would be livid if he reached for the gun again.
Both men flinch, snapped out of their reverie. Sherlock makes to move past John into the kitchen, but John takes hold of his arm to stop him. Remembering one of the lines that Sherlock had advised him to say to Mary, he says, ‘The problems of
Much to Sherlock’s chagrin, Mycroft has (kindly) announced to the press that Sherlock will make a statement regarding his return, outside of his flat in Baker Street the following afternoon. He immediately asks John to face them with him; to stand by his side the way he should have been for the last two years.
Listen to me. Why don’t you take a shower and get dressed while I clear up the food and get these stuck up on the wall. Then we can go over everything properly. Yes? I’ll even make another pot of tea.’
He takes his violin out of it’s case, lovingly tuning it – the very act slowing down his incessant thoughts. Flicking through his sheet music he finds a composition he had been working on in his mind palace whilst he was away. He’d begun to write it down at the earliest opportunity after he’s returned to Baker Street. It was for John, of course; a subtle way to show him his feelings without ever having to come out and say it. Or kiss him. Redundant now, he supposes, but he’d still like to play it for John one day. Now things are different it may be time to add a new verse to the arrangement, something more… hopeful. Joyful, even, and less, for want of a better word – pining.
He pulls Sherlock into the room, pressing his compact body against his boyfriend’s taller frame as he stretches up to join their lips together. As their lips meet John realises it’s not specifically 221B that he considers home; it’s Sherlock. Wherever he is, as long as they’re together, he’s home.
John would have fallen to the floor if it weren’t for Sherlock’s strong hold on his arm: his legs have turned to jelly and his vision is losing focus, he realises he’s about to faint. There’s a sound in his ears reminiscent of standing in front of a waterfall, and time seems to stand still, before the white noise is shattered by the faint melodic ringing of his mobile phone. John doesn’t even try to reach for it, he’s unsure if he can even feel his hands.
‘Because I’ve seen this before’, he responds, at last making eye contact with John to see if he has made the connection. But John is not paying attention to the crime scene, he only has eyes for the man in front of him. Sherlock sighs: he thought John was getting better at this.
Mary nods, finally accepting that she had sealed her own fate that day. She rises from the sofa and her entire posture changes. She suddenly looks nothing like the woman he had loved. Mary doesn’t break eye contact when she removes the false belly, dropping it onto the sofa. ‘I’ll pack up your things when I get home. Please collect them when I’m not there.’
They stand there facing each other for a long moment; Sherlock’s expression a hopeful one, whereas John is thinking back over everything he said earlier, and struggling not to smile when he realises Sherlock is right.
‘Graham, you were there at John’s wedding, you remember the mayfly man and Major Sholto.’ This time Sherlock actually turns away from John, pulling his arm away from the doctor’s grip.
him! You know that’s why she had to die. And whose fault was it that Mary was in Sherlock’s life to begin with, hmm?’ Eurus stands and walks towards him as she speaks. John refuses to react, refuses to show her fear.
Giving in to his curiosity, Sherlock sits at the table, watching John drain his first glass of wine, and pour a second, before he addresses the issue on his mind.
Dr Farrell has attempted to get her patients to open up about the betrayal they alluded to, but has to back away to more positive topics each time they clam up. Positive topics are hard to come by with this pair, though. Mrs Watson appears rather self-centred and shows very little real regard for her husband, and her emotional displays are clearly nothing but good acting. Now that their session is almost up, she is trying to approach the subject again.
“It’s just pasta and a jar of sauce. I can finish dinner. It is your turn after all,” Sherlock pouts.
So now, he stands at the base of the stairs, hoping that Sherlock will allow him to crash at the flat.  At least until he finds a place of his own or maybe reside there permanently again.  John still isn’t sure which he wants.  One thing at a time, he reminds himself.  He adjusts his backpack.  It is then he hears the muffled, quiet music wafting down the stairs.  Sherlock is playing his violin again, but it isn’t a song John’s ever heard.
“I’m not going anywhere.  So don’t worry.” John placed his free hand on Sherlock’s knee and squeezed.  “Don’t try and deny it.  I know you do, every time we have that argument and I end up here.”
When he came back to the bedroom, the horrible jumper was gone!  In it’s place was a lovely deep crimson jumper.  John picked it up, reveling in its softness.  There were no horrible reindeer, no faux fringe; just a simple, crisp, white snowflake border around the neck.  He felt a pair of arms wrap around him from behind and Sherlock murmured in his ear, “Great-Aunt Lucinda is getting a bit senile in her old age.  She won’t know the difference.”
“Oh, God, yes!” Sherlock exclaimed as he leaned down and was proven just how less of an idiot the fascinating young man he’d met that night was.
He and John sat on the front stoop and talked, losing track of time.  John wasn’t as much of an idiot as the rest of the partygoers, Sherlock decided.  He was in school to be a doctor, had actually recognized Sherlock didn’t want to be at the party, and had offered him a solution that allowed him to keep his promise to Greg.   And, best of all, didn’t think his deductions were odd.  In fact he used words like, “amazing” and “brilliant” as he told John about the husband and wife across the street who liked to wear each other’s clothes when they were alone in the house.   The fact that he didn’t consider that behavior odd piqued Sherlock’s interest and he commented on it.
John smiled at him.  “Now how about we show those kids down there how a couple of old pros go about falling on the ice?”
John and Sherlock exchanged looks.  “Hamish,” Sherlock said as he knelt before their son, “What did you mean?  When you said you wanted me to believe in Santa again?”
“Well, for one, they don’t ask questions like that,” Sherlock grinned back and flicked the condensation from his cup at John.
Christmas Day arrived.  Under the tree in 221B there were two lovely, carefully wrapped boxes.  Sherlock had been so worried about his gift he hadn’t bothered trying to figure out what John had gotten him.  But now as he stood in his dressing gown and pyjamas, staring at the box, he realized he absolutely had no idea what it was John had gotten him.  John walked up beside him and handed him his mug of tea.
John chuckles quietly as he walks over to the two of them. “You started this you know. You have nothing to complain about,” he whispers.
John gave Sherlock a few deep kisses, his hands wandering slowly down Sherlock’s torso, enjoying the shivers and goosebumps they evoked.  Sherlock gasped as John palmed his still clad erection, stroking up and down in alternating light, quick, or firm, slow strokes.  John was well aware that Sherlock wore either silk boxers or nothing at all under his trousers.  Sherlock moaned, his breath hot on John’s neck.  John felt a wetness against his thumb, as the precome leaked through.  No boxers.  John smiled.
‘Just be there for him, dear. Don’t pressure him to talk, just let him know you are there. Your presence will be a comfort.’
‘Sherlock?’ John asks. ‘You’re doing the blinky thing again.’ He gently nudges his friend’s shoulder, ‘Don’t worry, there won’t be any actual religion involved, I promise.’ The blinking begins to slow. John takes a few spoonfuls of his stew before trying again. ‘Sherlock?’
He doesn’t take his eyes off his wife when he speaks, his left hand clenching spasmodically by his side, ‘What happened?’ he asks, voice nothing more than a scratchy croak. ‘Mycroft said she was shot?’
‘Charles Magnussen was the victim of an attempted robbery. He interrupted the perpetrator and was shot before his security team could respond.’
John nods, placing the stick on the table between them. The stark black “A.G.R.A” lettering taunting them.
into his palms. Mr. Holmes remains stoic except for a crinkle above his nose, reminiscent of his son’s. The aforementioned son is chewing the inside of his mouth in an effort not to speak, while his mother pushes her chair violently back from the table, jostling the bowls of cooling vegetables, and jumping to her feet.
Neither of them want to eat breakfast, but Sherlock manages to get John to drink tea before they return to the morgue. On arrival Sherlock heads straight for Molly’s office without realising that John has turned off in the direction of the lift that leads down to the morgue. Sherlock texts Molly to ask her to meet them down there before discussing her findings.
As they walk together, closely, their hands repeatedly brush together, John trying to link their fingers as Sherlock attempts to keep them apart. John is always affectionate and touchy feely when he’s had a drink, and it makes Sherlock uncomfortable, especially now.
‘I’m sorry I worried you. But, Sherlock, I still stand by what I said. I’m staying here for a few days.’
‘Well’, John says when he’s found this voice again, ‘unless Mycroft has become a serial killer, I’d say you’ve got another sibling.’
‘John, she’s not even been born yet, let alone opening cupboards. Let me know when she starts crawling and I’ll buy a padlock.’
John remembers the last time Sherlock had a “fan”, and he shivers hard enough for Sherlock to notice. Of course, the detective knows exactly who John had been thinking of; he has an expression on his face that Sherlock has only ever seen in relation to Moriarty.
was home now, his life in the suburbs with Mary, not Baker Street, not Sherlock. Yet the message makes perfect sense for Sherlock too; I’m sorry I stormed out, I’m coming back. And part of John is too weary to even attempt to pretend he didn’t mean for that to happen. Maybe he just wanted plausible deniability.
The country cottage kitchen has that distinct “Christmas” smell: mince pies baking, turkey roasting, the scent of pine needles mixed with winter berry candles. It has never been a favourable time of the year for John Watson, a lack of close friends and family has given him little to celebrate, and the two years without Sherlock were pure hell. This year was supposed to be different; he had his best friend back.
‘Lestrade. He’s always known it was you that shot Jeff Hope; made a joke about it today, if you can believe that.’
John rolls his eyes at Sherlock’s complete lack of romantic sentimentality. Today is their anniversary in more ways than one: the “paperwork” was filed ten years ago today, on the twenty-ninth of January 2030, when they had been married in an intimate ceremony at The Petersham Hotel. They had been in a relationship for twelve years and had never planned to get married (John’s last marriage had somewhat put them both off), but when Mrs. Hudson’s health began to fail they decided they wanted to do it for her. And she was ecstatic. They had never seen her happier, she even gave a (mortifying) speech during the dinner.
Christ. After you shot me down I gave up hope, assumed you were asexual and did my best to get over my attraction. But instead I…’
To the relief of both parties, their therapist interrupts before another argument takes hold. ‘I’d like to sum up the points we’ve discussed so far’, she states, capping her pen and folding her hands on her lap. ‘Mary, you lied to John about your past, even your name, and you did something terrible to his best friend. When John found out, he was upset and moved out of your home while he made a decision about the marriage. Do you say that is unreasonable behaviour?’
‘You know I can’t let you in, John, not until I’ve examined her for forensic traces at the very least’, Molly reminds him tactfully. The pain on John’s face is breaking her heart; she had to see him like this when he lost Sherlock, and she was so filled with guilt over her part in the deception. Now she feels like she’s letting him down again.
When Sherlock arrives at the luxurious ground-floor flat in Chelsea, he’s surprised to find Mycroft standing outside. This murder must be high-profile or, more likely, be clearly connected to him and the previous murders, if it’s managed to drag his brother from the comfort of his office chair.
It’s two a.m. when John Watson pushes through the door to his room at the Premier Inn at Wembley Park, a small suitcase, a rucksack, and a cardboard box weighing him down and causing him to trip over his own feet, almost upending the contents of the box on the floor.
Sherlock is pinning up scribbled notes onto the wallpaper, where photographs of the latest victim have joined the first, including a gruesome close up of the wounds, and the retrieved bullets. No wonder they don’t get many visitors.
Sherlock has lit his cigarette almost before they are out of the cottage. Leaning against the red brick wall he takes a deep inhalation and waits for his brother to explain why he wanted to talk to him in private. Mycroft lights his own cigarette, despite not really being a smoker. Sherlock is convinced he only does it because he thinks it makes him look cool.
‘Yes, of course’, Sherlock answers politely, ignoring the nausea he feels at the mention of Mary and their child. ‘Do you still have any of your old notes from these cases?’
‘I think I need to lie down, John. This has all been a bit of a shock.’ She lies down on her side, closing her eyes. John notices her body go slack, far too quickly to be a natural sleep. ‘Mrs. Holmes?’ There’s no response, but she is breathing and when John takes the pulse in her neck, it is steady. He shifts her into the recovery position and calls for Sherlock, but there’s no response. John feels her temperature and notes that she is bordering on too warm, so he reluctantly leaves her to go in search of both Sherlock and a cool flannel.
‘I’ve heard just about enough from you over the last two months’, she complains, stepping back, taking in the light and the space around them. Removing a mobile phone from her pocket, she snaps a photo of her captive, ensuring there is enough showing in the background for an intelligent man to identify their location. Not happy with her first attempt, she turns the flash on, taking a few more. John’s eyes screw shut against the light, making him look terrified.
In the privacy of his own mind John can’t deny he had always wanted this, Sherlock was right on that account. He shouldn’t be at all surprised that Sherlock had seen his bisexuality from the very beginning, despite the fact that John had never put a label on it himself. Sherlock must have known that too, as he was uncharacteristically decent about not mentioning it.
When a bleary-eyed John descends the stairs to the main flat, at half past ten the next morning, his initial assumption is that Sherlock hasn’t moved from where he left him last night: still seated on the sofa, with the remnants of their dinner stacked in their pots onto the floor, the table now holding the case file, photographs, and Sherlock’s feet. On closer inspection (and John does like to inspect him closely), his white shirt is marginally different to the one he wore yesterday – a plain, crisp white, minus the pinstripe.
He takes a deep breath in, cognisant of the fact he’s on the borderline of a panic attack. What the hell had Sherlock been playing at? Was it some kind of game? Sherlock has never paid much attention to socially acceptable behaviour, but even he must realise that kissing his best friend, who had just got engage to someone else, was more than a bit not good. How the hell were they ever going to get passed this? He was planning to ask Sherlock to be his best man! Christ, that would have been a disaster.
It takes far too long for them to stagger to the top of the first set of stairs and John stops before ascending further to his room.
As the early evening light fades into night, an email pops up from Molly, letting them know she has finished the autopsy and finalised her report, and that she’ll see them in the morning. She pre-empts Sherlock’s question and refuses to send the report to him in advance: John deserves to hear everything before anyone else. She signs off by sending her love to the bereaved man.
‘You know what I was trying to achieve.’ Sherlock rolls his eyes at what he considers to be Mycroft’s dramatics. ‘Charles Augustus Magnussen needs to be stopped. Not just for Mary, but for John. And for all the people that are “different” that he preys on.’
‘Oh, and those cheap earrings clearly don’t belong to her, just look at the princess cut diamond on her right hand.’
‘John, I’m… sorry. If Mary’s death has something to do with me, I… The least I can do is be there for you now.’
‘Everything is fine, Lestrade, my brother just managed to knock his obnoxiously large nose against the old oak there’, he says, pointing at the huge tree off to the left of the property, the one whose roots have been slowly cracking the façade of the home for the last decade.
John shuddered at the thought.  He pulled one of Sherlock’s hands out of his coat and removed both their gloves, lacing their fingers together, skin on skin.  “I will always be here, Sherlock.  If I am not, I expect you to and come find me.  Because the only reason I wouldn’t be here would be if someone were keeping me from sitting on this bench, waiting for you to bring the vile stuff they call cocoa or the most sour lemonade in all of London as your way of an apology.”
Sherlock didn’t quite know what to make of John and that fascinated him.  “Um, thanks for that,” Sherlock said once they got their shoes back on and rental skates turned in.  “Do you like hot chocolate?  I’ve got some change left, I could buy you one.  Unless, you’ve got to go.”  Sherlock hoped he didn’t.  He felt like he’d made a friend and he wasn’t quite ready to let him go yet.
Sherlock stared at the older boy trying to figure him out.  Sherlock was pretty sure he’d given off a “leave me alone” air and yet here John was sitting on the uncomfortably frozen lake with him as if Sherlock had invited him to tea.  “Sherlock,” he said as he took John’s hand.
The argument is heated; it’s been heated since they left the Yard. It’s escalating now and neither of them seems to know how to stop. John is afraid he’s about to say something he’ll regret later but he can’t really care right now when a small but very loud voice yells “STOP!”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Everyone is an idiot, some are just less so than others.”  He winked at John and leaned back on his own arms so that they were at eye level.  John blushed.
“Some friend.  Did you promise him you’d stay in the house?  It looks to be a bit loud in here for you.”  Sherlock shook his head.  “Come on, bring your drink outside,” he headed towards the door, “I’m John by the way.  I rent a room upstairs.”
John was used to spectacular messes.  He lived with Sherlock Holmes for Christ’s sake.  Eyeballs exploding in the microwave, dissected fingers on the cutting board, petri dishes with cultures everywhere (and if a petri dish wasn’t available a mug would always do), slides strewn haphazardly on the table (but labeled of course), and various other experiments and detris in the flat.  So when he came home to a hazy cloud of white floating down the stairs he assumed that Sherlock was just up to another one of his experiments.  He prepared to cover his nose and mouth, just in case the substance wafting through the air was toxic, when he smelled something.  Nothing foul, nothing putrid, but of vanilla and sugar, warm and inviting.  He cautiously continued up the stairs and peeked around the corner into the kitchen.  What he saw made his jaw drop and heart jump in a peculiar way.
“Nah,” John said, “You’d make a better one than him.”  His leg was flush against Sherlock’s. Sherlock did his best not to move his leg, enjoying the warmth seeping through the fabric of his jeans.
“No, but I do,” Hamish grinned up at his father impishly.  “So will you, Father?  Will you believe in Uncle Mycroft again?  You used to.  I’ve seen the pictures of when you were children!”
“Give me a moment, I’m admiring the gift wrap,” John replied, his own voice seductive.  He smiled as Sherlock shivered, and gave himself a full minute to enjoy the sight.
John pulled Sherlock aside.  “As my gift this year, you promised to let him have this one year.  To see how he would react.  He’s enjoying himself.  He’s happy.  Please just let us have one year of Christmas ‘magic’ as a family.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but kissed the top of John’s head in acknowledgement.  John smiled and Sherlock put on his ‘happy face’.
The next time they were called to a crime scene there was some confusion, followed by smug smiles as John appeared wearing Sherlock’s scarf and Sherlock had John’s dog tags on display for everyone to see and John humming  “
“I knew he wasn’t the real Santa Claus the moment he walked in.  He walked to formally to be the real Santa Claus.  Plus his ‘Ho ho ho’ needs work.  Much to posh.”  Hamish waved his hand dismissively.  Sherlock smirked proudly.  Hamish continued, “He had extra stuffing hanging out under his belt.  You all couldn’t see it because you’re too big.  But what really gave him away, that it was Uncle Mycroft and not someone else dressed in the costume was the way he looked at me.  Only you, Father, and Uncle Mycroft look at me like that.  Since the two of you were here, it had to be him.”  Hamish finished with a little bow.
He leads the still stunned detective back into the cottage and through to the kitchen. Sherlock places the laptop back on the table; knowing that Mycroft will be instantly aware of what has taken place the moment he sees it, he doesn’t bother to try to disguise the fact that it’s been moved.
‘I didn’t get it at the time but later I realised he’d probably never seen you voluntarily talk to another person.’
Mycroft doesn’t respond, but he tilts his head and quirks an eyebrow. Sherlock frowns in response, annoyed. John is used to the brothers’ silent conversations by now, and he takes these expressions to mean that there is an agent on Mary, though he can’t be sure if it’s for her own protection… or for Sherlock’s.
‘I’ll check on Mummy, could you…’ He gestures towards the back porch, ‘They should wake up shortly.’
speech.’ He grimaces at the memory. ‘I didn’t quite know how to take it back.’ He admits, ashamed. ‘Besides, you were shaping up to be an asset to the work and you seemed like you would be a tolerable flatmate, so…’
Mary smiles softly, relieved. In all honesty she thought it would be harder to convince John to forget her past. Maybe they will get through this. A tear escapes from her eye and lands on their joined hands before she Mary brushes it away with her thumb. She starts to move in for the kiss that will seal the end of that chapter and the beginning of their new life together.
‘I miss it too. Obviously not the fridge, or the mess, or Mrs Hudson, but… cases aren’t as much fun when you’re not here.’ He says this quietly, as if he doesn’t want John to really hear it.
‘Lestrade’s team of incompetents didn’t find any more information regarding the victim’s personal life than we did. However, his wife says the chain wasn’t his, and it appears to have been put on after death. Implication being that the killer brought it with them.’
His eyes scan the body, taking in everything except the wound itself. The victim is white, around forty: neat greying facial hair, and a black woollen hat pulled down over what Sherlock deduces is a bald head. A checked shirt, that John would likely covet, is open at the neck, despite the icy wind, and his jacket is open. Not unlike his own, Sherlock thinks, but at least he’s wearing a scarf against the bitter chill. There’s a cheap chain with a skull and crossbones at the end, resting just below his collar bone. Ill-fitting denim jeans and black work books finish off the ensemble. Three rings adorn his hands, one of which is his tarnished titanium wedding band (happily married, ten-to-fifteen years), and there’s a relatively expensive Breitling on his left wrist. Not a robbery, then, and unlikely to be the wife. Probably drugs related. Certainly nothing of interest to Sherlock, despite the man’s profession and the position of the shot.
Gratefully sipping from his refilled glass, John reaches across the table to grip Sherlock’s hand. ‘I couldn’t have done this without you, Sherlock’, he slurs. ‘You stayed with me last night… I didn’t -’ he cuts himself off, scrunching up this face against the pain of the thoughts in his head.
John ignores her comments and sits in the chair to the right of her, reaching into his jacket pocket he pulls out a slim, silver memory stick.
did.’ Sherlock pushes hard against Mycroft’s twisted arm. ‘Been talking to any more consulting criminals lately? Just how many people did you sell me out to?’
John whispers to Sherlock, ‘I told your dad he must have overindulged at lunchtime and fallen asleep in the chair on the porch. He seemed to believe me.’
Before he can finish the question, Sherlock flies into the room in a swirl of Belstaff, somehow managing to carry four cups of tea, balanced precariously in his hands. ‘Tea’, he states, redundantly, standing in front of them until they both take a cup, unable to hand them over himself with his hands so full.
-How did you explain to her that, even though you had two bedrooms, you slept on the couch every time she was a guest here? -he asked John again, gathering information with a quick glance.
"Sherlock it’s late, I'm tired and Robert has waited long enough...-said Molly taking a couple of steps towards the door, approaching him.
Sherlock thanked him with a nod and watched as the man walked away towards the kitchens, almost certainly to give vent to the emotions that the encounter had provoked.
Was it possible that John Watson knew some hidden tricks to ignite Sherlock Holmes' passion? Some tricks that even Irene didn’t know about it?
In a moment of clarity, or madness, I flushed all the pills in the toilet... And then I climbed on the roof of my apartment- added John.
"Well it's not their business how I've lived my life these years and it's definitely not yours!" said John, turning his gaze away to try to control the anger he felt mounting inside him.
I couldn't stop those images in my mind and for a while I seriously thought I'd go crazy- Sherlock recounted.
He was really going crazy... All because of the people with the higher intellect which he surrounded himself.
"I'm glad you’re back, dear but if you do something like that again I swear I'm going to kick your butt myself, despite my hip," the woman said, masking the warning in her usual jovial tone.
"It's not a police box, it's a spaceship" said John, "It just chose to take on the appearance of a police cabin" he added.
"As you know, John is back at Baker Street," Sherlock said, receiving a nod to confirm his words- But our situation is no longer what it was before Hamish came to live with us...-continued.
John, standing on the threshold, shook his head, his gaze fixed on the living room to catch every slight change that occurred during his absence,  noticing  the obvious action that took place in a few days: what was initially called the  "den" of two bachelor men, which then turned  into Sherlock Holmes' In Memoriam Museum, had undergone a further transformation, becoming a baby-proof apartment.
With a superhuman effort Sherlock stopped a few steps away and stared at him with burning eyes, pointing an accusing finger at him.
I started to follow these meetings and I took back my life and although it was not easy, every time I was about to relapse, I wondered what the idiot with the Belstaff at the back of the room would say.
When John had come down to the kitchen for breakfast, Sherlock had shown him the message, and the man had decided to accompany him, obviously after making him promise that as soon as the case was resolved he would keep his promise and spend a day with him and Hamish .
Sherlock looked around in the flood of sweaty and half naked bodies surrounding him and tried to find a good vantage point that would allow him to keep an eye on both the dance floor and the entrance to the club.
For a moment he lingered with his finger on the doorbell of the apartment now occupied only by John: was it still broken, or had the doctor in the meantime bothered to have it fixed?
A satisfied moan reached Sherlock's ears, but the detective could not determine which of them was responsible; John's hand had sunk into his hair causing a chill that run down his entire back and concentrated in his groin, where a rapidly developing erection led him to move his hips against John's, in search of the right friction, smiling in the man's kiss when he felt John's erection against his thigh.
You promise me you're going to take your pills? Or do I have to hand the bottle over to Boss and let him give it to you every day? - John asked her again.
John stood motionless in the embrace for a few seconds before tightening his arms around Mrs. Hudson's waist, taking a deep breath.
- I have a son, Hamish... He's almost eight months old and lives with me, but there's no one else besides him-
Moving with unexpected gentleness, Sherlock let himself go backwards until his head was again on the pillow, John's hot body against him, despite the sticky proof of his pleasure that was fast cooling between them.
-John is not my man- answered Sherlock, surprised that his brother wanted to put all the cards on the table for once in their life.
Sherlock's elongated fingers took the sides of John's sweater, pushing it upwards, forcing the doctor’s face to move away from what had become his favorite place to get rid of the garment, only to finish undoing the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt.
Social services would take her daughter away within hours, just as long as it took for some good English citizen to call up Scotland Yard's number at the sight of the little newborn girl wrapped in a dirty blanket on a cold winter's day.
But would he really be able to put aside his fears and do his part so he and John will have fun together?
Sherlock found himself alone once again, shrouded in silence as his mind quickly reflected on the long conversation he had with Molly.
If they weren’t important for work, he would have completely erased them and now he was in the unusual position of not knowing how to read John's face.
Remaining silent, Sherlock moved into John's embrace, allowing the man to sink his face into his chest, his right-hand fingers clenched in the front of his shirt, fastening his arms around the doctor's hips, his chin on in John’s blond hair.
-I know... I remember our conversation well- commented John, fixing his breakfast plate on the coffee table and staring at his partner.
"Actually I have a question-Sherlock interfered, leading the two men to turn to him- How was it? - he then asked, staring at Tommy.
John smiled in return: it was not difficult to imagine a skinny, black-haired child with an inquisitive look, searching for data already so fundamental to the construction of his Mind Palace.
-My…-John said to him before he cleared his throat. -My exes always found it revolting, so I always hid it- he explained, avoiding his gaze.
But now things are different: you and I are a couple; we have Misha and I don't think adding another newborn to this crazy family is a good idea.
John smiled, and glanced at the detective's full and perfect lips, as if he had read his thoughts in that one breath, moving closer to his face and laying his forehead against Sherlock's, decreasing the distance between them more.
John breathed deeply a couple of times and concluded: there could only be one person behind what was going on.
Greg raised his head unsure whether to leave the office and impose his authority on the two, when a silhouette caught his eye.
Lying on his bed, John listened to that song several times, coming to imagine Sherlock's voice instead of the singer's, before interrupting the song, dropping his cell phone to the ground next to his bed and calling himself an idiot.
-Oh... His name is Hamish and like I said before he's almost eight months old, but to be honest I only knew I was a father two weeks ago.
A shiver run down John's back, leading him to close both hands around Sherlock's wrists, in need of an anchor to prevent him from getting lost in that sea of sensations; trying to gather his thoughts, John took a deep breath, but before he could do or say anything, Sherlock had once again taken his lips for a passionate kiss, a kiss almost violent, under which John let himself go completely.
John was aware, however, that a relationship with Jack, despite being a cover-up, would put an end to a possible development in their friendship.
The three men remained silent for the next ten minutes, Hamish and Greg almost voraciously attacking their own food, while Sherlock allowed himself a few bites of the chicken Masala and the vegetables placed on his plate, spending much of his time observing Lestrade, reading in his clothes, in the tension of his shoulders and in the dark circles under his eyes the problems that still haunt him.
His parents had always been passionate about music, especially opera and classical music, making an exception only for Frank Sinatra and Ella Fitzgerald, and after a quick glance at the records, John chose one he loved as a child and probably Hamish would like too.
Only then did he lift his eyes from his book and close it, leaving it once again on the table, getting up and heading towards the kitchen to put the cup in the sink.
-Yes, but I'd beg you not to deduce it and leave me alone... I already have too many things on my mind to fight even with you-had commented Greg.
The British official took refuge behind the kitchen island they had in the middle of the room and grabbed the edges with both hands, staring at him with a serious and furious look at the same time.
Mycroft Holmes, accustomed to talking to politicians, heads of state, MI6 agents and crowned heads, had been speechless for a few moments after Emma's words.
"I wouldn't be able to recognize the difference, you know that" John said, with an amused smile that soon covered the other man lips’ too.
"Hey, what are you doing here?" asked the surprised doctor to Jack, before turning his gaze on Emma who, running to meet him, had tied her arms to his waist.
After a quick shower, he had come down for breakfast, finding everything were had always been, on the same shelves, in the same cans, even on the same shelves in the fridge.
But John Watson was not a man who run away from adversity and danger, as a matter of fact he was the first to throw himself into the fray, but a part of him kept wondering if anything good will come from this meeting.
"I've already told you that no one can build the Tardis, unless it's a Time Lord... " retorted Emma.
"Do you like it?" he asked, stroking the baby’s back, "I should start instructing you on the right kind of music to listen to, but you seem a little too young for rock and punk music- he added.
Differing from Donovan, who had come to see him in the hospital and had apologised for her involvement in the events leading up to The Fall helping progressing their relationship into a friendship, Anderson had never shown the slightest remorse for what had happened.
After winning the doctor's resistance and reassuring him that it was Gregory who gave him the "permission" to contact him, John had let himself go and told him what he knew, causing all of the man's irrefutable convictions to collapse.
"I apologize for the hour boys...-began Mrs. Hudson- Sherlock darling, is not appropriate looking out the window in your dressing gown" she said an instant later, fondly scolding the detective.
His every relationship had always had a background of feeling, despite his apparent disgust with the whole emotional sphere: he had taken years to admit that there was  something else that bound him to John, besides friendship, and discrediting his encounters with Irene in that way was an insult to the doctor intelligence and especially to the detective’s.
During the march, John found himself blushing every time an attractive man not at all bothered by the presence of his kids had smiled or a winked at him; at other times he had to dispel the idea that he and Greg were a couple, thus having to explain that his partner was not with him because busy with work... Always better than telling the truth.
John still remembered when he first saw the episode, finding himself in tears and short of breath as the credits flowed through the video.
-You should know by now that it's dangerous to show up for a date without knowing what you're up against... The last time, you found yourself wearing a nice waistcoat made of Semtex- Irene commented again.
In the apartment suddenly fell the silence, made even louder by the long speech that had preceded; John glanced sneakily at the detective, trying to figure out what was going through  the mind of the genius, while Sherlock kept staring at the floor, for once speechless.
-We're not talking about an acid-corroded sweater or another potentially toxic explosion, it's a baby...Your baby.
"Actually I remember it perfectly, and I tell you again that it is the only solution to the problem" Sherlock readily replied.
John was aware that the man came from a wealthy family, it was enough to take a look at his tailoring clothes to understand it, but the man had never given a thought to money, a circumstance demonstrated several times by the fact that without the cheque of his pension or his salary, sometimes they would find themselves without electricity or heating.
Sherlock remained silent, forcing John to open his eyes and turn around, casting a circular glance at the living room: Sherlock was standing, in the middle of the living room, clearly unsure whether to move towards him or not.
Finally, he reflected on his long conversation with Jack, concluding that he needed to know he needed more information.
When John turned to meet his gaze again it was clear from the contracted muscles of the jaw that he was trying in every way to control himself.
It's the period that everyone regrets after a couple of months when the problems and quarrels increase, and you don’t seem to find time for sex!
However, he is American, he was accompanying a politician visiting Downing Street, and since it was the first time he was in London, he needed a guide- recounted Jack.
Nevertheless, she had agreed to change his diaper and give the baby his bottle only in the child's interest, aware that for the time being Hamish was not Sherlock's priority.
Sherlock observed the small movements of his companion's jaw, busy enjoying the first bite, then sliding his gaze over his throat the moment he saw him swallowing.
Do that sound like good reasons to you? -Greg asked slightly annoyed to have to explain even that little act of kindness.
"No, Robert doesn't eat, drink, sleep or breathe without my mother's permission" Sherlock said, moving into the living room toward his own chair.
As soon as the cab stopped, the detective jumped out of the vehicle, headed for the area restricted by police cordons, leaving it to the doctor to pay for the ride.
-You have to learn to control your temper, little brother... You're a dad now-comment Mycroft stroking the baby's back.
The doctor looked up to the sky, trying not to be overwhelmed by the desire to yell at the woman to go to hell and get out of that restaurant forgetting every moment of that meeting.
For days his only hobby had been to follow every little move of the dear doctor, as if he wanted to reassure himself that John was still there, despite the harsh words and his fists.
Caught off guard by the tone of his voice, tender words and affectionate gesture, Sherlock stiffened momentarily in the embrace, before taking a deep breath and relaxing again, lacing an arm around the doctor's waist, attracting him closer to him.
"Do you want to take care of it?" he asked, noting for the first time the incredulous look on the man's face.
"You don't know how nice it is to see your ugly face" said John, standing up and hugging his friend.
But there was something different about the detective's voice: it came to the ear amplified, almost distorted, and John just needed to enter the waiting room to understand that it came from the small television installed in the top corner of the wall.
Suddenly he re-emerged from his Mind Palace, walked to the door, turned off the general switches and left the room, moving quickly down the corridors until he found himself back in the streets.
A black-haired, ice-blue-eyed child who will grew up to be the exact copy of the consultant detective...
Their years living together during adolescence had made them masters in the art of camouflage: they were very good at exchanging insults as if they were compliments, adding to the performance a dazzling smile to avoid incurring the reproaches of their parents.
"For the same reason that you looked me in the eye and lied to me: I did what I thought best for us" Sherlock replied in a calm, laid-back voice.
-Damn it! It’s really fast. You seem to have horses galloping in there" Boss said, clearing his voice immediately afterward to hide his emotional reaction.
The American Airlines boing completed its descent with leaps and tussles, before the pilot activated the brakes to hold the huge beast and prevent it from crashing into another plane or in one of the fields surrounding the runways.
Sherlock walked the short distance to the kitchen, casting a new look at the children, completely indifferent to their parents’ conversation.
We're going to make sure that she knows that she can spend time with her daughter, and I'm sure that if we talk to Mrs. Hudson we're going to convince her to rent us 221C so we can turn it into a small apartment for Baby Girl for these last eight weeks of her pregnancy and for when she will be in London so that you will both be close to the little girl.
Increasingly annoyed by the situation, Sherlock approached the kitchen, in desperate need of tea, but the sight of the two cups left half done on the kitchen counter just where John had abandoned them forced him to turn back, stopping next to the fireplace.
Moments or minutes later, the tip of Sherlock's tongue touched John’s upper lip, asking for more, and John did not hesitate to open his mouth and meet the detective's tongue, inviting him into a rhythmic dance that left both breathless in a short time.
John rubbed his hand on his still sleepy face and nodded, following her the next moment out of the room and down the stairs.
Several times he had to bite his tongue to block those questions that now came automatically on his lips, reminding himself that if Sherlock had taken charge of looking after Hamish then he would be able to take care of himself without any help.
Once we were separated for three weeks and when I came back home your mother got pregnant with you...-commented the man with a small smile on his lips, lost in his own memories.
-I could never do that! Who knows what would happen to the Empire if you retired to private life- Greg replied before taking the few steps that separated him from his partner?
John stood up as well and picked up Hamish, turning then to the kitchen where Sherlock had sat at the table with his laptop in front of himself and his cell phone in one hand.
You're going to roll your eyes and you're going to call me an idiot, but I'm always going to come home-
), but in which he always ended up getting involved because of the wild madman whom he kept chasing around London.
The detective pulled him on top of himself until their lips collide together again, in a kiss ruled mainly by their tongues and teeth.
They had not made any changes to fit each other, there had been no bargaining (except of course the one in Bart's lab when they met) ... They had simply slipped into each other's lives, fitting together perfectly.
It must have been devastating for the girl to know that a force greater than her, unbeatable, would rip them apart soon.
John cocks his head and just looks at Sherlock.  “You already know the answer to that question, just like I already know the answer to mine.”
“I conduct “class” just fine, thank you very much, you just never were a proper student.  If I recall correctly you’d rather, and in this order: tell me what everyone else is doing wrong, tell me what I’m doing wrong, fall on top of me, and then snog me senseless,” John grinned at Sherlock.
The three of them go back and forth between the bathroom and living room three more times before Sherlock is satisfied that Diana is breathing better and the worst has passed. While John rocks her to sleep his brain is buzzing. He should have been the doctor tonight. Sherlock could have berated him at any point for not recalling his training, but instead Sherlock just took over and let John be the worried parent. And John had let him. They have been co-parenting Diana for months now, but John realizes after tonight just how much he trusts this man with his daughter as well as with himself. He looks down at Diana’s face, now peaceful in sleep, and can’t believe how lucky he is. He gently puts her into her crib and heads downstairs.
A quick kiss, and John began to mouth his way down Sherlock’s torso, undoing the belt and trousers as he did so.  John slid the trousers off, reached around and cupped Sherlock’s arse with one hand, pulling him in.  He grasped the base of Sherlock’s cock with his free hand.
“I don’t know what I want to do,” Sherlock shrugged, “I’m taking Chemistry courses, but my professors are all idiots.”
Sure enough, the clock turns over to 11 and he hears the soft click of Mrs. Hudson leaving the flat.  He gets up to watch her go to be sure she hasn’t forgotten anything before he allows his mask to fall away.  Gone is the cool sociopath facade.  If he were to look in the mirror (which he won’t), his face would echo the weariness he feels in his bones, his eyes the sadness of loss and pain, the line of his jaw no longer firm in stubborn defiance, his mouth set in resignation of one who has lost everything before he realized what it was he had.  Sherlock sighs and closes the curtains and door to the flat.  This is a private party for one.  He doesn’t need any of the nosey press, the fans, or his brother snooping in on this moment.
On a large stone patio two men are seated at a small round table, their chairs facing the sunset rather than each other.
He stands again, stepping back to give the scene back to the forensic team. ‘This may be the dullest case you’ve ever called me in on, Giles.’
As Sherlock trails behind, John is at the bar which is empty this early on a week day. He orders them both a large measure of Glenallachie whisky, something that better be good considering the price of it. He knows Sherlock won’t drink cheap shit, but that doesn’t stop him also ordering two fingers of something akin to paint stripper and knocking it back in one hit. They take their decent drinks to a little nook at the back of the bar.
‘It… appears… that Ms. Morstan evaded her protection detail last night. My people have assured me that she boarded a plane to the U.S. Completely unrelated to Magnussen, I assure you. Purely coincidental.’
Then revelation number three dawns on him:  John knows what everyone has been saying is true.  He is in love with Sherlock Holmes.  He is sure of that, beyond else anything he’s ever felt before.  Even for Mary, before he found out what kind of person she was.  So he waits for Sherlock to turn and make his circuit around the room again.
That always stung.  That Sherlock thought, no, accused, John of doing such a thing.  They had practically grown up together.  John knew Sherlock better than anyone.  When they’d moved in together, he’d expected the experiments, was aware that there would be body parts in the fridge, that Sherlock could be extremely frustrating and would take his frustrations out on his violin in the most awful manner.  John hadn’t asked him to not do any of those things.  He simply bought an extra microwave and labeled one “Food only” and the other “Experiments only”, divided the fridge shelves in half and labeled them accordingly as well.  During his fellowship days, he bought a set of noise cancelling headphones for the nights Sherlock was so angry with the world that his violin playing sounded like tomcats calling in the night.  He had allowed Sherlock to continue to be Sherlock wherever he could.  But that one argument was the ongoing thorn in their side.
“I will always find you, John.  No matter what,” Sherlock said seriously, though his voice shook slightly.
“Babies sleep better with human contact and hearing a heartbeat. It reminds them of being in utero. Besides, I’m not complaining. But you will be if she wakes up. So kindly, remove that flask from the flame before it combusts.” Sherlock retorts, equally quiet.
The door to the flat is closed.  John stares at it a moment, because the last time he found it closed was the day he came by to tell Mrs. Hudson that he was planning on proposing to Mary.  Sherlock never closes the door.  He contemplates knocking, but the music compels him not to.  He quietly opens the door to reveal not Sherlock playing the violin, but instead dancing to music coming from the speakers of the music dock.  John watches as Sherlock rises and falls in slow circles to the music.  He recognizes the pattern as a waltz.  There’s a soft smile on Sherlock’s face and John can see that something Sherlock’s form is off.  He watches Sherlock and listens to the music, realization slowly dawning on him.
“Hello John,” Sherlock said just as quietly and sat down on the bench beside his partner.  Sherlock held out the brown paper cups that held steaming liquid and the perfect amount of marshmallows in John’s.  John accepted the cup and took a sip.  They sat on the bench, drinking from their cups, not saying a word.
The disagreement being that Sherlock couldn’t just lash out and tell a person something that would obviously cause them great distress in front of someone they cared about.  “You can’t tell her, he’s cheating on her!”  or “You can’t just throw it into conversation that he’s gay in front of his family that DOESN’T know!” or some variation of some secrets need to be kept just that, secrets.  He just threw those observations out like casual conversation or as a means to throw a person or suspect off guard.  John tried to get Sherlock to at least pull someone to the side and have a private conversation with them about his deductions, but Sherlock couldn’t seem to help himself.  Sherlock argued that if John expected him to do that, then John was asking him to change, not be himself.  That John was breaking their oldest of promises.
Sherlock startled at the voice in front of him.  He shouldn’t have had any trouble skating.  It was simple.  Put one foot in front of the other and push.  But apparently there was more to it than just that.  He looked up indignantly.  “I don’t need your help.”  He huffed and crossed his arms.  The blonde boy’s blue eyes twinkled and he sat down on the cold ice next to Sherlock.
John lets himself into 221 Baker Street, grateful that Sherlock never asked for his key back.  He sighs and drags his duffle bag in, trying not to bang his backpack against the narrow door frame.  The last thing he wants to do is announce his presence to Sherlock before John is ready to face him.  It has taken him longer than it should have to leave Mary.  He’s tried to be the good husband and doting father.  Lord knows he loves his little girl.  But he also has to do what’s best for everyone.  He has never been able to fully trust Mary again and his little Diana is starting to suffer from their constant fights.  Who knew a one year-old could be so perceptive?  John has pulled a few strings, begging Mycroft to make sure Mary didn’t take the child and run, letting Mycroft know the reasons why he was suspicious and where he would be.  221B has never been baby proofed so he couldn’t bring Diana with him yet.  He didn’t think Mary would take his daughter from him, but then, as he has reminded himself quite frequently of late, he doesn’t really know who Mary was, as hard as he’s tried.
John was slow and deliberate.  A long suck, a slow lick, or a stroke of his hand as it followed his mouth’s path, his other hand holding Sherlock in place.  Sherlock’s orgasm built faster than either of them expected and John felt Sherlock go tense as he came, hot and fast on John’s tongue.
“How’s her breathing?” Sherlock asks, laying a hand on John’s shoulder and bending to kiss Diana’s head.
Revelation number two:  Maybe there was more to him leaving Mary than just the never-ending fights.  Maybe some of the unwelcome jabs she took at him had some weight.  Because he feels more, in this moment, for Sherlock Holmes than he does anyone else, except for Diana.  He is drawn to this tall man, waltzing alone in his flat, to a song that he had written about the two of them.  He finds himself wanting to dance with Sherlock.  He suddenly wants to hold him, find out what it feels like to dance with him when it wasn’t just practice, wrap him in his arms and keep the world at bay.  Because looking at Sherlock now, with his masks down, eyes closed, obviously imagining himself dancing with John, this was a Sherlock who no one ever saw and was hurting, was lonely, was different, who wouldn’t allow anyone to see him this way.  And in that moment, John decides that Sherlock shouldn’t have to feel like he has to keep his masks up always.  If there was one person he should be able to let his masks down around, it is John.
John took a deep breath, clearly trying to control the indignant response that seemed ready to come out his closed lips and met his eyes again.
At those words, Sherlock rolled his eyes, bringing both hands to John's face and leaning toward him to bring their lips together.
In fact, he will probably be as disbelieving as I was first, then of course he will get furious and I sincerely hope he punches you for me too, but be prepared because then there will be rejection... I wouldn't be surprised if he decided not to speak to you again" he said.
Of course, when the situation had become too intimate, Sherlock had gone and hide in one of the many rooms of the house, to reinforce his aura of grumpiness, and shortly afterwards John had been pre-empted for the usual interview that Mrs. Holmes imposed on the suitors of his children.
John still in Sherlock’s arms moved into the living room until he got to the couch where he let himself fall followed the next moment by the detective, who hurried to cover his body with all his statuesque physique, but John would never allow him  to take the lead in such a situation,  so he quickly got up to sit down, Sherlock seated on him with his legs around John’s hips, both of them groaning with pleasure when their erections inadvertently bumped against each other.
Sherlock met Greg's gaze again and stared at him for a few moments before taking a deep breath: there was a reason they never faced that part of their lives, even when he and Mycroft were alone.
In addition, Mycroft is the British Government, despite what he wants the rest of the world to believe.
-Do you think I'd be here otherwise? If you give me the address, I'll pick her up around six o'clock-
Fighting against the memories that were overwhelmingly trying to make its way into his mind, Sherlock observed the slow flow of the Thames under their feet, as always unperturbed and indifferent of the hectic life of the city that had arisen around it.
-As if Gregory could do something without me knowing... I know about your first meeting in that horrible alleyway, that Gregory offered you dinner that same night and that he let you into our house, shortly after I left.
-Oh, fuck... Sherlock…- John murmured, his head forward, his eyes fixed on that bush of curls from which he was unable to move his fingers away.
You and I don't need any label to define our relationship: we're Sherlock and John. John and Sherlock.
"I think it's my duty to apologize for my brother's behavior… As always- Mycroft started to say, stirring his tea after pouring a teaspoon of sugar into it.
I know I'm going to have to start split my time again between the clinic and being your assistant, but if I've managed to do it in the past, I think I can do it again.
Unable to hold back his nervous energy, John passed his hand through his hair and lowered his gaze, meeting Hamish's ice-blue eyes, heedless that those small gestures made him weak in front of the eldest Holmes.
-It was all really sudden. The day before I met Mrs. Holmes and we talked about a future together, about getting a dog... Believe me, I was ready to start that sex marathon... And the next moment everything collapsed- John tried to explain.
The next moment he realized that maybe it was better this way: Greg was a friend, a good friend who had kept him afloat in recent years and who really didn't deserve his lies.
"Isn’t it obvious, John?" he said. “As long as Graham kept waving at the surveillance cameras I would have found you anywhere.”
Every time Sherlock touches me, I wonder why is he with me when he could be with her" he said, avoiding his friend's gaze.
-Mh... I think it's better for you to go, it takes more than an hour to get back to London and Hamish will end up getting too tired...-he said looking up at the clock on the wall.
-Make yourself at home. But there's no point in me telling you, isn't it? -John told him before going straight into the kitchen.
Jack observed the tired and defenseless expression that had suddenly sat on his friend's face and sighed.
The sound of his mobile phone drawn him from his thoughts, leading him to lower his gaze on the illuminated screen.
-Don't be nervous, see how this date goes, do your best to make it unforgettable and most importantly have fun.
Okay, you have a reputation, but it's nothing new, I always knew you were “Three Continents Watson”...
The detective nodded and let John guide him on the dance floor as slow, sensual music spread from the loudspeakers at the end of the previous song.
Instantly aware of his presence, the British official looked up and stared at him for a few moments, reading every little emotion on his face, before a smile of circumstance stretched out his thin lips.
Her hair was completely white, the longer tips caressed the back of her neck, her face with its wrinkles did not hide the sign of time, but at the same time managed to keep intact authority.
A beautiful seven-month-old baby who looks a lot like him- John added with a sad smile as baby Hamish’s face came to his mind.
-I wanted to have sex with him. I have thought about it often, especially immediately after I met him, and I wish I could say that it was just as I had imagined it, but I must confess that it was quite disappointing.
He had to know if his suspicions were correct, if it really took so little for John to return to seek solace in Jack's arms.
John glanced at Sherlock and saw him raise his eyes to the sky, clearly bored by all that ceremonial.
" and John smiled, thinking that if the woman was present she would probably burst into tears or faint with emotion, but no one deserved that title more than Molly,  considering everything she had done for the detective before his disappearance.
-Okay, let's finish our dinner quickly. If we play our cards right, we might be lucky tonight- John said to her with a playful smile.
"We have to decide what you will wear!" she said, then with a firm expression, began to discard the choices that she considered unsuitable or definitely old-fashioned, allowing him to put only a few suggestions or complaints.
"Nice to meet you" John said, continuing to smile. "Can I take a look at your eye?" John asked him kindly.
He had so many questions about John's life during those three years he was away: starting with Mycroft's worthless collaboration, he had collected pieces of history wherever possible, beginning with Molly and ending with Mrs. Hudson, though the elderly woman didn't love particularly remembering what had happened and some pieces had returned to their place after the evening at the support group.
She kept telling me that she was the oldest, that she didn't need my macho attitude, that she was capable to defend herself... But it was my sister and I would have done anything to protect her from those idiots-
Without even realizing it, his feet had led him to Baker Street and, after a few moments of groping in which he searched his pockets pointlessly for his keys, he found himself forced to knock on the door.
"This is London, one of the things I love besides my violin, my work and...” said leaving the sentence unfinished, still unable to give voice to his feelings.
Once again, the idea of Sherlock and Irene hit him in the stomach like a burning blade, blocking his breath for a few seconds.
-Because this is what friends do: they make you part of their lives, even for the stupidest and most insignificant things...
Greg looked up and smiled, weaving to the android and then shrugging his shoulders as he saw John's amused look.
"Is it really so strange that I'm in the Investigative Section of Scotland Yard?" Sherlock asked, sitting into a chair in front of the desk.
John let out an exasperated sigh and opened the right pocket of his jacket, pulling out the scarf and showing it to the detective.
"It's nice to meet you, Mr. Watson” Sherlock said, taking his hand out of his pocket and carrying both of them behind his back.
"Are you all ready to go?” Greg asked then after a few short moments of silence, as he looked around the living room and at the man standing by the window.
You stopped me when I was in danger of becoming cruel, you saved all those criminals, because if it was up to me John, I would have killed them one by one just because they had driven me away from you.
Satisfied with the corneal reactivity, John put the light back in his bag and focused on his lower lip.
The only good thing, if he could have defined it that way, would have been getting caught by his father.
-So…-John said, turning a little towards Jack. "You want to tell me why you showed up here at two o'clock at night?" he asked.
-That’s what I said, isn't it? We've known each other for a couple of years and we've never been on a real date-Sherlock said.
So, he had let him go and kept playing until the noise of the door had come up to him from the lower floor over the sound of the music.
-Of course not! I check that nothing serious happens to him because I worry about him"  Mycroft replied quietly.
"Listening to you, it looks like you found your soul mate... -commented the doctor- Too bad that he lives on the other side of the pond" he pointed out the next moment.
"It’s fine, don’t worry…Kids say goodbye to dad!" John said, before giving Hope’s stroller folded up to Greg to bring it down and in the car.
-Mh... Harry may have been an asshole, but he certainly had a few tricks up his sleeve...-commented the boy.
-Fuck the tea-purred John, his face still hidden in the perfect corner between neck and shoulder, tormenting the skin with his teeth and tongue, leaving behind a red bruise.
Trying to help his brother, Harry had begun the recovery program to stop drinking and had pushed John to do the same, turning it into a competition.
"I see someone didn't wait for me to have breakfast" said John, taking a few steps in the living room in the direction of the kitchen.
The waiter appeared at their table delaying Irene's response for a few moments during which the woman poured herself a cup of tea and added two teaspoons of sugar, not at all annoyed by the silence that dropped between them and John's piercing gaze fixed on her.
"And how am I going to know that you won't try to see him again or contact him?" asked Mycroft again.
"Okay, I'd better go..." he said as he approached Emma, sitting once again in John's chair reading, giving her a kiss on both cheeks.
"Excluding the PTSD, what other dark secrets do you hide?"he asked, moving his long legs under the table.
"I'm not surprised that Scotland Yard is so incompetent if Dimmock can't even put these few clues together" he said.
In an almost incorporeal gesture, John raised a hand and moved it behind Sherlock's neck, bringing the man's face closer to his own, bringing their lips together in a violent kiss.
Putting an end to the kiss, Sherlock quickly peered into the other's face and smiled, relieved to note that all the anxiety of few moments before had vanished; clutching John's hand in his he sat down again.
-I've been on the verge of killing myself several times, and every time in a different way: shooting myself, throwing myself off the roof, or an overdose.
Lestrade, a young sergeant at the time, wandered around and tried to figure out how it had happened; I slipped under the police tape and approached the corpse looking for evidence" the detective recounted.
As for Harry, she has been instrumental in your rehabilitation and I will be eternally grateful to her for it-
The film was now coming to an end with the protagonist now on the cross losing his chance to save himself because of a condemned man more cunning and quicker than him.
The black-haired man held his gaze for a few seconds before letting go of a frustrated sigh, moving his eyes now on Boss now on Baby Girl, who followed the conversation carefully.
- If I was lucky enough to meet you when we were younger, even before your tour in Ireland, I wouldn't have allowed anything and no one to take you away from me.
Molly hinted a smile, not at all offended by that comment, happy with the presence of the man in the room.
"Would you like to excuse us for a minute?" John stepped in, moving toward Sherlock's bedroom, followed the next moment by the detective.
Come out of your hole and be a mother! Hamish needs a family- John said to her slightly exasperated.
"I wish I could say the same, but I don't usually make hasty judgments" the black-haired man said in a low, deep voice.
Cautiously, as if he were afraid there was explosives inside the basket, Sherlock approached the couch and when he was a step away, he saw him: a red face, congested with tears, moved inside, waving his small fists in the air.
John nodded, covering the short distance between them to leave a small kiss at  the right corner of Sherlock's mouth before smiling a small sad smile.
Resuming the kiss interrupted moments earlier, Sherlock focused some of his attention on freeing John from his shirt, now dangling over his shoulders, undoing his cuffs and letting it fall to the ground, then wrapped his arms around John’s waist, chest against chest for a few moments enjoying the mutual feeling of their bare skin for the first time, satisfied groans echoing in the room.
Following his example, John leaned closer to the center of the table, bringing their faces within walking distance of each other.
It took me a while to figure it out because the girl wasn't here, and I'm sure you'd get there too if you'd gone beyond your disappointment at the lack of a interesting crime- John said bringing the other to roll his eyes again.
The detective, then, turned around towards the living room with a little smug smile bending his lips, only to find his four-years-old daughter Hope playing with her toys on the sofa wearing a pair of jean shorts and a pink T-shirt with the words "
Harry stared at him for a few moments, noticing the marks plowing around the man's face, the troubled air so unusual for his brother that hadn’t left John for a moment since they had sat on the couch.
Sherlock's eyes, focused on his face, hid a constantly moving universe behind the transparent irides, and John arched a curious eyebrow.
The man, going down the stairs, saw the tunnel that would take the rest of the passengers to passport control and then to the baggage claim, waiting for that "illustrated" passenger to get off the plane.
John stood still for a few moments, looking at the man in front of him: Hamish George Watson was a 65-year-old man with blond hair now completely gray,  John's nose under Harry's eyes and a figure who, despite his advanced age, for John was still synonymous with safety and strength.
Emma grunted, clearly upset, and then glanced at Sherlock for help, but the man merely shrugged to tell her that in that situation he could be no help.
A strong expression appeared in Molly's eyes, leading her to stiffen her facial muscles in a serious pose.
I keep thinking about how sad and miserable he was after her disappearance, how attracted he was to her...
The first thought that popped to John's mind when he laid his eyes on Holmes House was that he had suddenly ended up in a movie, expecting at any moment to see Hugh Grant open the door.
Not forgetting the possibility of your daughter getting sick, the chances are high living on the street, this will bring your case to the attention of Social Services, but a good knowledge of the streets of London could buy you some time and make you disappear from their attention for a while, at least until you decide to use your daughter to beg like other beggars before you...-continued undaunted Sherlock, never abandoning Baby Girl’s eyes.
After all, it was just a kiss... A fantastic, erotic kiss full of promises, but evidently, he was the only one who thought it that way.
Greg held Sherlock's gaze for a few more moments before turning around and quickly heading for the elevator.
And at that moment John found himself nodding, a lump in his throat, curious in return to hear the detective's answer.
Sherlock nodded slowly and bent down to kiss the kid's hair before Hamish ran away to the sofa, sitting next to Hope.
"What can you tell me about him?" asked Greg, taking his notepad from his raincoat pocket and opening it on the tabletop.
"Have you listened to anything I've told you in the last few days?" asked Sherlock, trying get rid of the chills that John's words had caused.
John remained silent for a few moments, thinking back to the memories of those years he usually kept hidden in a dark ravine of his mind, rethinking the negative and positive things of his years in the Army.
Yet, in his arms there was evidence that that goal had been crossed, that the boy who hoped to put an end to his existence as soon as possible to silence the pain and noise in his head had somehow survived, succeeding in find people who understood and loved him despite his abrupt behavior.
Everyone he talked to said that every Monday night, John would come home with a different person to have sex, and that night John came home with him, so why didn't they end up having sex?
This explained why Sherlock was on his knees on the carpet in front of the couch, his shirt unbuttoned, his hair tangled, his lips puffy for their kisses, ready to rekindle his interest...
After finishing his dinner, Sherlock lay down on the couch, placing his long legs on John's belly, as he had so often done in the past, watching the film without really seeing it, immersed in his own thoughts.
He’s the Big Brother Greg... So I strongly suggest that you talk to him about this as soon as possible before he finds out for himself- John pointed out, in his mind the memory of the first encounter with Mycroft and the ease with which the older Holmes had manipulated the cameras only to give him a demonstration of his power.
John would have done anything to make those hallucinations come true, and now that his wish had been granted, the relief and happiness that was certain would accompany those moments had been replaced by blinding rage.
-Don't get me wrong. He never betrayed me or anything like that, he's too noble for that, but that relationship was just routine for him.
A policeman had seen them approaching from afar and, acknowledging John had lifted the tape to let him through.
Sarah had recently found a new boyfriend and asking her for hospitality, despite their old friendship, would cause embarrassment and led to indiscreet questions that John would not willingly answer at the moment.
John thought briefly back to when a week earlier, Sherlock had tried to show him all his interest and desire for him, he remembered the chills he had felt when the complete attention of the black-haired man had been on him, the vision of Sherlock kneeling between his legs, but quickly removed  his thoughts from those memories aware that Irene would just need a glance to understand what direction his thoughts had taken.
When the plate was ready, Greg picked it up and headed into the living room, leaving the plate and chopsticks on the coffee table, close enough for the detective to reach them only by extending his hand and then returning to the kitchen.
-There was a time, years ago, when I genuinely hoped that our friendship could become something more serious, but then he...
"I don't understand why you're inviting me out on a date" he replied sincere certain that Sherlock would help him shed a light on that mystery.
The reality around me scared me and was hostile, so why not create a better reality, tailor-made for me?
As Jack had told him the day before, many of the boys approached John and offered to pay him a drink, and the man had a smile and a kind word for everyone.
When John made to untie the hold that had so far joined him to Baby Girl to talk quickly with Boss before returning home, the girl increased her grip, causing the doctor to frown and bend on his knees so that she would meet his eyes.
The detective swallowed and slightly moved his head until he met John's gaze, his eyes slightly blurred.
Did you forget what you were like when you were six years old Sherlock? -asked Mycroft, clearly determined not to lose that battle.
-After all, even an inexperienced man like you should have known that there was this possibility... If we think about your impeccable taste in choosing the mother...-added Mycroft relentless.
-Thanks Love- John said, settling down against Sherlock's chest, the fingers of his left hand stroking the inside of the detective right arm under the silk robe sleeve.
After all, he was just a former military doctor, with a bad shoulder and a drug-addicted past, how could he be enough for a genius like Sherlock Holmes?
He could have understood and forgiven what had happened if it had happened only once and especially if, as Sherlock's words had confirmed, he could have blamed Irene for the “incident”.
-I love London at night... It is as if a mystical and sensual entity were showing to our eyes as the sun went down.
Always smiling, John approached the duo and felt his heart miss a beat when the child, seeing him arrive, began to shake his hands.
But his cell phone started ringing again, leading Sherlock to end their kiss abruptly with an annoyed groan.
John looked down on the ground, aware that he had the eyes of all the officers on the spot fixed on him and tightened his grip more around the handle of his cane.
It was after that experience, after the drugs and during the rehabilitation that he built that armor of indifference that he wears every day and that keeps everyone away.
"That’s right! You have to have hidden skills John, if you can get home every Monday with a different guy" Greg said teasingly.
"I'd better go too" said Mrs. Holmes, standing up and stopping in front of the doctor- I'd be a terrible hostess if my guests arrive before me- she added with a smile that John had seen several times on Sherlock's face.
And it's not even for the baby, because Hamish is adorable, he's so sweet, and I'm sure you'd be over the moon, especially because his name is Hamish... Yes, I know, don't start…-
"You wouldn't be the first or the last man to make wonderful declarations of love after an orgasm" he said.
Reassured by the conversation that, he was certain, would help him clear his ideas, John focused on his work proving as affable and charming as always to his patients and making himself a cup of tea mid-morning while he made small talks with Sarah.
"Just like it was for you and me with Harry and Mycroft, right?" John asked with a wry smile on his face, watching as the man settled on the armrest of his red armchair, like an overgrown cat.
-Well, you’re going to have to get used to it. Hamish is my son, I work here, and he must learn about my work- Sherlock answered in the usual tone he used to explain his "obvious" reasoning.
Sherlock turned to Greg and rolled his eyes, clearly bored, his hands in his Belstaff pockets and a wry expression in his face.
Sherlock smiled  looking at a picture in which John was dressed from head to toe in grey, with a funnel on his head for a hat and his face covered in grey makeup, while the little girl wore a brown wig, a white shirt with puffed sleeves and a white and light blue checkered apron.
"If not now, when since you seem ready to give up our relationship for a stupid misunderstanding?" asked Mycroft.
Every little attention, every little touch from that moment would belong to Sherlock, forever, and before he took that step he wanted to make sure he wouldn't end up regretting that choice.
For his part, Mycroft was surprised by the myriad of emotions that passed on Sherlock's face for once devoid of the usual mask of indifference: there was surprise at that unexpected discovery, the anger at being deceived and also anger at himself for letting being deceived once more (
“I’m Sherlock.”  Sherlock suppressed a smile at the look on John’s face as he walked by, and out the door.
John’s laugh is warm rather than derogatory, “Yes, I left Mary.  I’m sure you already know the details.  You always knew when we were fighting after all.  Now then, let’s start over.  Sherlock Holmes, may I have this dance?”  John bows slightly at the waist, arm extended.
John shrugged, “I didn’t know what you’d want, so I gave you what I’d like to have received from you.”  He looked down at the scarf and smiled, his eyes bright when he looked back up.  “It looks like you had the same idea.”
“Fine, but you take the next two turns then. And, really, why do we even need to have a turn based system is beyond me.” John picks up Diana who had been on the verge of fussing and heads upstairs to the nursery to change her. She laughs and coos up at him, bopping him once in the nose while he babbles baby gibberish at her. Sherlock always looks at him like he’s lost his mind whenever he overhears John playing with their daughter like that but there’s always a soft smile that accompanies it so John doesn’t let it bother him. John finishes up the change, scoops up Diana, and drops the dirty nappy in the waste bin. He opens the door and catches a whiff of something that has nothing to do with the aforementioned dirty nappy.
John inhaled sharply when he took the lid off the box.  Inside was a deep blue fabric, running across it were a shade lighter set of thick lines.  He lifted the scarf out of the box, running his fingers across the fabric. It was worn in places, where time and use and caused the fabric to grow slightly thinner.  This wasn’t just any blue scarf.  It was Sherlock’s favorite.  John looked up, shocked, to ask what the meaning behind his gift was.  His mouth snapped shut when he saw Sherlock had already opened his gift from John.
“Let them talk.  I like this tie and so do you.  That’s what matters,” John scoffed.  Tiffany blue wasn’t considered a manly color, but he could care less. Colors didn’t have genders and he’d damn well put anyone in their place who tried to say otherwise.
Contrary to popular belief, Sherlock could appreciate beauty.  Things in the natural world tended to capture his fancy more than the mundane man made creations.  The stars in the sky as tiny pinpoints of light.  The moon, in its stark brightness, shedding a cool light as opposed the the warm sun beams that would kiss their skin.
“I’m sure you’ve noticed,” John began, “I don’t like to rip into my presents,” another kiss and a he slipped a button through its hole, revealing the beginning expanse of Sherlock’s skin, “I enjoy taking my time.”  Sherlock whimpered as John slowly unwrapped his present.
“Ssssshhhh. Daddy’s here,” John whispers as she reaches for him. He picks her up kissing her forehead to gauge her temperature. It’s much warmer than he’s comfortable with. He carries her to the rocking chair, turning off the monitor, and grabbing the tympanic thermometer from her dresser as he goes. When he takes her temperature it reads 40C confirming his suspicions. She continues to have coughing fits and wheeze. Now that he can hear them without the background noise from the monitor he can hear just how bad they are. With each passing fit it gets worse and she begins to struggle to cry. John’s doctor brain knows it’s just croup but this is his daughter and it’s much more terrifying as a parent than it was when he was treating other people’s children.
