Even in my half-waking state, I believe all omegas who dare transmute and wield the power of the elements are an abomination. I embrace it. I am the freak, the abomination. It matters not what time, what place, be it real or nightmare.
Sherlock takes the gun, points it at his brother. Mycoft’s eyes go wide as Sherlock pulls the trigger and fires. Mycroft clutches his chest, then crumples to the floor, blood pooling beneath him.
“How do you know this? Vivian is spiteful and angry, but how could she convince her son to go after you?” John arms hung against his side, but his chin was up. He isn’t looking at me at all. Instead, he’s staring forward. “Come on, Rosie,” he says, pulling her out of the swing. “Let’s go walk in the garden.”
Thomas prepares a syringe, then injects the needle into Sophy’s arm with what John is most certainly believes is a sedative.
John stops to consider as pours some coffee. "Greg, there isn't any reliable test for amnesia, much as we all wish there was. But head trauma severe enough to give him blackout headaches could absolutely cause the kind of memory loss he describes, and he's not faking the headaches or the head trauma. We have MRI and CT scans to prove it. His symptoms have been consistent, he's not trying to charm the staff the way malingerers do— quite the opposite, actually." He looks squarely at Greg. "My professional opinion is I don't know what to make of him, but I believe he's telling the truth."
John smiled. Any other time he would have flipped over a hot girl handing him her number. He thought of all the possible reasons why he wasn’t happy about it as the elevator door opened.
That, and he still couldn’t believe that Sherlock was dead. There hadn’t been a funeral here. Nothing. Of course they’d take his body home to London. He’d read the papers again and again, still not believing a word. There had been no sign of Professor Moriarty or Sebastian Moran or Mary Morstan. Except for the painful scar in his shoulder and the empty space in his heart, it was as if it never happened.
“I cannot say that it is impossible, but it is not probable. And remember, dear brother, she has been catatonic.”
Shelley was correct. With the press of John’s mouth, my “soul burns” with his kiss. Our “breath intermixes,” our “veins beat together,” my “inmost cells boil.”
The Sherlock John knows would never volunteer to give a statement to Greg Lestrade. It’s his way of brushing John off.
They stumble across the deck, kissing. Once inside, they shed their clothes as they bump their naked way through the cabin to the berth.
“You were never a field agent. Most of what you did for Mycroft was set up appointments, get coffee. Take notes. Make his bed.”
John always says he’s brilliant and clever. Sherlock loves those words. He preens and purrs at them. Sometimes he thinks he may be too clever. John believes he’s going off with Sophy along with Sherlock. Just how keen would John be to know he was the bait, the final nudge, to get Sherlock’s supposed cooperation from her? Mycroft understood Sherlock’s intentions regarding John and his plan. John did not.
One must start somewhere. A singularity and go backwards, vomiting up matter until pop! Here I am, a dying star assembling itself. Rewind the universe and turn a black hole to white.
They had sex. James never forced it. Sherlock wanted it. Yes, the restraints freed his inhibitions. He could let it happen to him. He cried out and whimpered and begged. He, who was always in such tight control, gave away his control. He abandoned it all.
“Perfect combination of sweet and salty. It's an entirely new flavor. What shall we call it? Captain Watson’s Double Chocolate-Caramel Tower of Wonder? Ah, yes!
He knows she’s saying this and withholding the file to pique his interest. It’s working. Too well. What bothers him more is that she’s asking a sociopath to keep an open mind. It’s laughable.
As they carry me to the dock, they drop me. Three times. Despite their bumbling, I still could not get the Glock. They attempt to stand me up like a toy soldier on the dock but instead I’m more like one of Rosie’s wobble toys. Calhoun is pressed against my back and holding my shoulders. Norbury shakes me by the front of my coat. I see a crack of light through the door to the warehouse. It groans, but neither of them notice. A shadowy figure slips through. A soldier, a doctor, my best friend.
“You took her away from me!” she screams in Mycroft’s face. “I wasn’t good enough for her, and you sent her away! And you had the key!”
"Good. Take this address and phone number. They're for my research assistant." The professor handed John the note.
John was surprised to see that Sherlock looked horribly upset. "You should have told me immediately. I could have narrowed down what it is much sooner."
A year and three days later, someone posts the bottle to them. The same "please forward note inside to Sherlock Holmes, 221B Baker Street, London" is printed neatly with the same nub of a pencil. The same yellowed notebook paper is used, but the letter inside is very different:
Sherlock eyes go wide. “Oh! I have the one you left for me,” Sherlock reaches inside his belstaff and pulls out his worn copy of
He could tear it all down and dispose of the memories. There was the place he kept the days he had hobbled around with a sore arse after that epic night. He could toss out not being able to sit down without cringing for days. He could get by without those particular recollections.
“Very well. But I do so love it. It’s like punching people in the face with words. Lying here in bed, it’s hard to pretend to like people.”
“How?” John asks. “How could she even think it would work?” John sways in his chair, and I want to go to him, but stay seated on the couch.
"So, what's the value of a little more than nothing?" the man asks. "Nothing! That's exactly what yer worth to me if you don't change this stone."
"Do not shut the door," she parroted. "The note says that John Watson and Sherlock Holmes are trapped inside the walk-in cooler, and I must open the door. The door is open."
“Yeah, you are getting eaten up,” John says. "Although it might not all be by the mosquitoes. There's other things to consider. Later."
Sherlock’s erect penis becomes the positive stimulus as John inches closer. John’s eyes linger on the tent in Sherlock’s scrubs, then at Sherlock’s mouth. Just at the moment when John is about to abort, Sherlock grabs his t-shirt and applies positive reinforcement to John’s lips. Unfortunately he’s not quite sure what to do once said lips touch, but Sherlock is keen to strengthen the said behavior. With that, Sherlock responds and moves his lips. Then John’s eyes flutter and they both moan. John’s tongue tests Sherlock’s upper lip. He opens his mouth and…
“Mrs. Davies is out, so I’m covering, getting the tour in before rounds. Thanks to my brave corps of early risers,” Mike smiles back at the group. “If you’re delivering flowers or such you can use the corner table in a room like this. Keeps the space around the bed clear. Let’s head back to the canteen for breakfast. I’ll hand you off to Doctor Hooper for more about blood-borne diseases, and I’ll get Doctor Watson’s overnight observations before I start my day.” Mike ushers the group out the door with a nod to John, leaving him alone with the mystery man and the constant whir of the ventilation system.
“You, of all people, understand a person cannot jump in front of a bullet,” she says. “I knew exactly who I intended to kill.”
Jane_Fairfax on AO3, Bella on AO3, Diana_Long on AO3, 1butterfly_grl1 on AO3, Humblegleeflower on AO3, Fallen0203 on AO3, ShakespearelovedLadyMacBeth on AO3, Eieye on AO3, Sebamher on AO3, One-lost-at-sea on Tumblr, AuroraBoreali on Tumblr, 221bsweetheart on Tumblr, Daisyfairy1 on Tumblr, Standbygo on AO3.
"You are," John said. Not a question then. He knew or sought to determine that after what Sherlock had said regarding Molly.
John tells himself he can do this. He sits down on the cushion, then lies flat on his back, keeping at least an inch of space between them.
"What good is a pretty face if I am dead? I can't do anything in my current state. My ability is fettered. I need medical treatment."
But I know the spell. My heart pounds as I slide down the ladder, calling on the three primes. I draw a circle in blood, my blood for the seal.
John may be off having a pint. It’s late. It’s possible he’s still with Lestrade or Mike or Molly. It’s past two though...John is a responsible person— surely he would let Mrs. Hudson know if he’s going to be out this late? He thinks of the nurse.
“Want me to help you take these off?” John asks. Sherlock nods in a daze. And counts: 168 with a regular rhythm.
Thanks again to the wonderful Recently folded for working so hard and pushing me to revise direct and indirect characterizations to make this story stronger.
An injection? Déjà vu. Abducted once again. John rolls his eyes at Adler as he trips over the kerb. Why can't people be more original?
“Ahh, the mysterious treasure chest? Only Sherlock knows where it is...and maybe Mycroft. I’m not sure that it even exists except in his mind palace.”
A great loss. Psychosomatic! Not survivor's guilt but the guilt an alchemist feels not being able to save someone one loves. I could blurt out my conclusions for verification, but I lack the energy. All I want to do is sleep.
They stopped in front of the Chem building. Molly was shifting her weight, waiting for him to continue.
It all added up and the improbable became the most probable solution. Fate or no, his clandestine encounter was his roommate.
William doesn’t think it’s brilliant, but the he thinks way John licks his lips is. He could make a pass, but he decides he likes John too much to try. He made John sad for a bit. No need to make him uncomfortable too. He says goodnight and climbs the stairs. Will stares at his new ceiling. It’s free of cobwebs, and there’s no candle to cast long shadows, only the moonlight shining in his window. He rather likes the moonlight and decides not to pull the shades. No need for a light with the moon so bright. It’s looking at him, smiling down from way up there.
Sherlock had the irresistible urge to hug him. He knew it was entirely possible that John might lash back, but he hugged him anyway.
“I thought the objective was not go announcing it to the entire hospital,” John says, shaking his head as William winces. He always was shit at getting IVs started.
He blindly struggled through the snow. It wasn’t as deep as he turned the corner to the side of the cabin facing the lake. At least he had the frame to follow. He hoped Sherlock could find his way through to the traps and back to the door.
I hear the pain in his voice, but I keep this last piece from him. I told him never again, but I must be sure.
My lie was not that I am an omega. Although oppressed, I saw omegas every day who didn't hide, and no one shunned them. But for some reason, I had to hide who I was.
John read that in the final stage, every subject would take the same memory test where they will answer questions related to what they remember about the presented stimuli, specifically, whether or not the man was holding a crowbar. The questions were still pending approval by Doyle.
“John, you’re brilliant! I do like that one,” Sherlock adds with a smirk in his voice. It’s a photo of Mycroft in a fuzzy pink footie pajamas surrounded with crumpled up wrapping paper and a host of colorful ribbons and bows.
Then the Game got in the way. The longer they played the Game, the further the idea of them was pushed away and the easier it became to ignore it. The elephant, however, never did leave the room.
My father, the beta. He was wise, but I don’t believe he was right. At least when it came to denying who I was.
The man in the bed hesitates, watching John Watson’s fingers gently apply gauze and tape to the top of his hand where he’d removed the IV. “Yes, William Hawkins,” he looks up. His eyes are open wide and have turned an incredible shade of sea green. He hesitates. “It’s all I know.”
“There’s no need for that. You are an ogre without good rest. Get some sleep in a real bed not that horrible excuse of a chair you’re sitting in. I will be fine. If I need anything, I’ll text.”
The lengths this Anthea has gone to prove to him that she was Mycroft’s personal assistant appeases John. Proof that she’s true while Sophy Kratides is false. He’s weighted the two. With Anthea, her motives seem clear: to protect God, Country, AND the Holmes brothers. With Sophy? It’s about some past grief or grudge. And herself.
The cabin windows are crusted with salt, but sun manages to shine through. There's a generator for power and some petrol along with extra propane.
Beca leaves, then Anthea and Molly talk a bit more. In close proximity. Why would Anthea be so comfortable with them unless she’s been here to visit on other occasions? Why is she even here? Sherlock thinks he’s obviously been too distracted about the note and John. He missed something important in this room. Anthea must be still working to help Mycroft and his mission. What does she hope to find that Sherlock cannot at Cardiff Infirmary?
“My name’s Mary Morstan. And you’re John Watson. I’ve been expecting you,” she said. “You look chilled to the bone.”
“It’s not an interrogation, if that’s what you think. I’m preparing you. I’m merely asking you questions I know Sherlock’s mum will ask.”
Grateful moans of deliverance escaped him. “You are a genius, John. It no longer feels as if I was boiling my hand in hot oil!”
He flopped back down into the mattress, staring straight up at the top of the bunk. He supposed he could try some of that yoga shit his mom yapped on and on at him about. He tried to will the tension from his limbs. Last night they'd had sex right where he was lying. Sherlock had been spread out under him. He swallowed hard thinking about it, then closed his eyes. Not working! Although it was a huge step for him to admit he wanted Sherlock—that he wanted it to happen again and again—it was making him more tense, not less.
“I’m not suggesting. It’s already been suggested for the world to see. The latest online information with lies filtered in with some truth, and the truth is that Pandora’s Box was opened up and released targeting those with a specific genome— one that almost everyone had.”
John sighs and carefully picks his way down the dock. He climbs aboard the sun-bleached fiberglass deck and ducks under the awning. It's nice enough for a sail boat. He steps over a low wall around the cockpit and opens the main hatch to his new living quarters. The interior layout looks functional and, John notes, employs clever and economical use of space. It looks old but well-loved. He's surprised at the amount of headroom: Sherlock could easily stand in here.
“Here, let me do that before you turn him into a human pincushion.” As she gets his IV started, she looks down at the stranger in the bed. “Listen. I know you don’t have any reason to trust us or for us to trust you, but you need understand that we’re doctors and above anything else the patient comes first,” Molly says. “The most important thing to us is your health and welfare.”
“Sophy?” John asks, and Sherlock nods. John sighs. This isn’t as bad as it could be, he thinks. “She wanted to keep you from remembering. Seems extreme, but she’s really off. But it’s all a bit heartening, don’t you think? People remembering you despite efforts to delete you? All those people commenting on my blog? They say they believe in you.”
The problem was that Sherlock realized he was becoming preoccupied with John. Romantic entanglements complicated sex. He'd only known John a few weeks, yet he felt as if he had known John for his entire life.
"I'm not in any danger. This is just a symptom from all that I've been through. My heart is strong. I've never had a problem before. Ever. I had a stress test not long ago. I was fine. I'm healing."
John’s fit of laughter continues, and he braces his hand against the wall to steady himself as he stumbles down the stairs toward us.
John half-smiles at the tired non-joke. "Heard that one before. So you'll be trying to find out who he is?"
Although I recognize the poem immediately, the man dressed as Batman looks at me expectantly as if I should immediately know the  message hidden within.
With a sly smile and a wink in Sherlock's direction, Moriarty knelt down next to the body. "I will try my best to dazzle Mr. Holmes. But you, do go away...you're in my light," he said to Anderson.
Sherlock knows he could be off with his paces by a foot or possibly two but within minutes of digging...
“That’s right. But I wasn’t certain it was you,” Sherlock said. He stepped over to the dresser where the soup was warming. “The first few days, I wondered. It was this that made me certain.” Instead of checking the soup, Sherlock opened his underwear drawer and reached into the bottom. “Here, these belong to you.”
John falls asleep almost immediately, but sleeps restlessly. He turns and tosses, dreaming of landmines and automatic weapon fire. It’s just beginning to be light out when John wakes to Will hovering over his bed. He’s staring down at John like a large vulture eyeing its future meal. Unsettling, pale green eyes pierce into him. The squeak John emits is highly undignified, and he attempts to glare his dignity back into existence.
"You should stay far away from him," Sherlock said. "Far, far away. I'd say another county, but I'll grant you that wouldn't be practical."
With an elegant wave of his arm, Moriarty declared that killer had kept the top half—not as a souvenirbut to become one with the victim. He nimbly hopped over some intestines and landed on the same foot, meeting Lestrade and Anderson, who stood inspecting some of the viscera.
John rubs his hands across his face. This is the worst possible scenario. John is sad. I know there is more to tell. I regret not being with him when Carolyn Norbury spoke to him.
Finished with his box project, Sherlock nodded for me to come nearer again. I inched closer. When I was at arms length, he reached out and pulled me to his chest, wrapping his Belstaff around me with him still inside.
I couldn’t help myself with the parallels between Sherlock and George Gershwin (and hotshoeagain thought I needed to add a bit to it). While there’s always been speculation about George Gershwin’s sexual orientation, friends of George Gershwin's have come out to stating George was gay. At that time lavender marriages, as they were called, were so common in Hollywood that many stars found themselves tied together in loveless marriages (Rudolph Valentino and actress Jean Acker for one). Studios tailored their stars’ images and the press helped guard the secrets. Although Gershwin wasn’t an actor, he was in the public eye.
John fits, and Sherlock lets go so John can tear his undershirt off over his head. John removes his pants just as fast.
He assured me he was well and in excellent health. He attributed the whole episode to wanting me to reach out and have a friend if anything should ever happen to him. Over that next week, I kept a close eye on him nonetheless—or as close as I could since he was living with Mary.
That night John had wondered if he had a sign on his back that said faggot, but Sherlock just grabbed another stack of the Pringles that John had shared with him and shoved them in his mouth saying, “These are very tasty.”
Sherlock wondered if Shame were a living thing, a creature that hid in closets or beneath beds or behind dressers, a personification of guilt and lust. Shame swung the door shut behind him as a young man stepped to the other end of the row of sinks. Head down, the man washed his inky hand, dried it off on his jeans. Head still lowered, he raced out the bathroom door.
Sherlock didn’t look forward to the tongue-lashing John was sure to give him when he returned to the dorm. Although he was fairly certain John suspected that Mary wasn’t what she appeared, he knew John was certain to be even more angry when he told John what he’d deduced about Mary. John must face facts. Her age, for example. He was dating an older woman. She had to be thirty.
“True. But not as difficult in the inverse when the marker is preselected,” Sherlock says. “The trick is when different strains of virus simultaneously infect the same cell in a body, they may undergo genetic reassortment and mutate.”
John began to sit up in his seat when he heard the professor say what no first year student wants to hear from their professor: his name.
He'd read a book once on dreams and it said that dreams about sex really weren't about sex. He didn't believe it. Over the last few days, he'd thought about that reoccurring dream dozens of times. And about sex. With Sherlock. How could that be good? It was a bit not good, if you asked him.
He decided to take the trap with him. It might afford him a bit of entertainment, and he liked the idea of foiling the trapper’s plans and saving some woodland friends. The snow whipped around him. It was coming down harder, and he knew he’d have to make good time to follow them before they were covered by the blowing snow.
Oh, only four chapters left! We're getting closer and closer to our conclusion. This is exciting. This chapter begins  a bit differently from others. Our boys are happy and comfortable with each other (if you know what I mean). Maybe too comfortable because we all know just when you sit down and feel all safe and secure...
John had to be the man of the house now. He had to take care of his mom and his sister. John vowed he'd never treat anyone like his dad had treated his mom.
Mike is knocking at the door, and John hollers for him to come in while Sherlock rummages through his mind and John’s pants drawer as to what he’s to do. What is the best approach to capture John’s interest? How is he to set Mycroft’s name right? Does John ever wear these red pants? Should he let John help him clear his brother’s name? Why should he even care to help Mycroft? John wants him to care. Sherlock is surprised to realise that he cares as well. He would also like to see John in the red pants.
“Long story, but it looks as if Sherlock’s finally got his brother back with his memory. In fact, I’d appreciate it if you could just get Dr. Michaels ,the A&E doc on call, to release me. I don’t know him enough and pleading isn’t doing any good.”
I rolled my aching shoulder and steadied my breath. "Sherlock? Why isn't she going to open the door?"
That’s all it takes. Relationship confirmed as Eyebrows grabs Sherlock’s shirt and begins to drag him into the front seat.
Sherlock also suspected that Mycroft had the room bugged—not that he'd reveal that bit of information to John. As soon as John left for his next class, Sherlock planned to scour the room for them.
Sherlock laughed as he pulled out his wallet and set five dollars on the desk. His long fingers opened the deli bag. Sherlock peeked inside. "True. And an ever expanding ass."
Sherlock steps up to the table looks down and concurs. He’s sorry he’ll have to tell John that he was right, they do have another victim.
Sherlock puffs up a bit, and John grins. John spends the next half hour filling in Greg (at Sherlock’s expense) about his trip to see Mummy. He makes sure to tell Greg a very embarrassing story from Sherlock’s childhood that Mrs. Holmes referred to as “The Mystery of the Missing Mahogany Table Leg,” involving cucumber sandwiches, peacock feathers, and a newly modeled peg leg from said dining table.
I open the door to a man clad head-to-toe in shiny, too-tight black leotards. His liquid blue eyes squint out of the slits of a black mask. Comical cat ears are attached to its hood and tufts of his fiery-red hair poke out from under the mask. He dramatically plants his legs apart and crosses his arms, making his ample belly jiggle over the thick black belt that’s squeezing what appears to be his midsection. I assume this is some sort of joke. A silly superhero sent to harass me from someone at Scotland Yard. It must be. No one wears a cape anymore.
Sister Katherine slips in next to her, spying at us over her spectacles. “It’s nice to know that there’s a place for even the Mr. Rude’s in the world. Fitting it’s in a morgue. No offense, Molly.”
As his eyes open heavily, the room seems awash in dark holes and dead zones. His stomach roils. His hands shake, and he can’t stop them.
Thank MrBotanyB for the wallpaper scene! So Sherlock to map it all out. Hope you all like our joint Lord of the Rings jokes at the end. We couldn't help ourselves, I'm afraid!
"You haven't asked about what happened to Mary," Sherlock says, pointing to his feet. A gecko skitters off between the leaves. "After she realized you weren't really kidnapped. In fact, you haven't asked very many questions at all. That's not like you, John."
“Tell Mr. Crenshaw I’ve come to interview for the lab tech position. I don’t see why an interview is even necessary. I’m obviously the most qualified.”
is my favorite of his," John ventured. "But I didn't read that until high school. You read that when you were five too?"
She blushes a deeper red, and a warmth grows in his chest that he chose the right word. Sherlock has to admit she’s cute blushing and flustered— for a woman. If he was attracted to women, he would find her interesting. But he’s not. He texts John again.
John shut his eyes tightly, his face buried in the fabric of the man’s shirt as he rubbed his back. John thought of spring flowers. Maybe it was his shirt or cologne. Or maybe it was his shampoo. It reminded him of being six-years old and carefree, playing in his mom's garden. Days later, despite wanting to wipe out the memory of this night deep in the bushes, John wouldn't forget those flowers and the way he felt.
Will waltzes up to her and bows, then kisses her hand and Mrs. Hudson giggles. “That was unexpected,” she says, winking. “My you are dashing. Such a looker! You’ve picked a good one, John.” She turns to Will. “There's another room upstairs, if you'll be needing it.”
He’s not sure who this Errol Flynn is but that’s more like it! What an exciting way to carry cyanide! His head hurts so much right now, he’d take it...and Sherlock seems to remember something about the sword. He needs more.
“Time for me to start rounds, I’ll be back.” Mike waves as he heads out the door. The man watches John from the bed, faint tension lines of pain around his eyes and mouth. John thinks he looks rather confident for being injured, tied to an IV, and alone with a man who chased him across a rooftop. Good, maybe he’ll feel like answering questions.
Sherlock immediately stepped back, relieved that he had the remote, but instead of angry, James was pleased. John's mouth opened in shock.
Sherlock looks at her. She doesn’t believe he remembers everything. If she did, Mycroft said she wouldn’t have a use for him. She would kill him. He doesn’t believe she needs him to become her mad scientist. It is about revenge.
“I need to watch you closely. I need to make sure that when I finally do call for assistance, there will be no chance to revive you. You see, I do care what happens to you.”
“Take off your shirt. I’ll be right back with a bin liner to slip over your foot so it won’t get wet.”
“They are comfortable, and I, unlike you, can carry off any attire and look rakish. You’d look like a blue baboon my scrubs.”
. John said that lies are easier to believe with a bit of truth attached. From all that Will recalls, he’s never trusted. At least not until John. He knows he doesn’t trust Helena Smith. He’s not sure about this person calling herself Anthea either. Her veiled threats against John didn’t win Will’s trust at all.
He walks through the scrub and across the dock to get a bucket of water to sluice off the sand and sweat before going into the boat. Each time he picks his way along it, he says a little prayer that the dock will hold. He's decided to eat and take a kip. There's not much else to do. Still, he keeps himself alert just in case he has a visitor. He looks through the books that were left and picks up the novel. He even finds a pair of his reading glasses. He sighs. What he really could use are sunglasses.
But I had to write it down here because I want you to read it. You need to know you’re important and that I want this or whatever it is even though I could do without that brother of yours. For your sake, I’ll try not nut him again.
Poor John has a day. First he comes face-to-face with Moriarty, and then Mycroft phones. At least he gets some quality time with Sherlock.
"Whyever do we need police? We have Sherlock Holmes," she said simply, staring at her note. "The. Great. Detective," she read.
“Yes, I believe that to be the point of all this,” Sherlock agrees, moving his fingers around inside John's hot hole. He bends and laps around John's puckered-tight heat where it's trapped his fingers inside. He takes a moment to slide his tongue back and down to John’s tailbone before coming up and around his fingers again.
John waited today just as he had every other day since he came home. He stood and stared out the living room window at the rural mailbox in front of the house. Like every day before it, the mailman drove up, opened the door and slid in the mail. But today at the same instant the phone began to ring.
"Sherlock, do not play games with me. I know it was the other way around. That is why you are in the horrid mitten-shaped land of swamps and mosquitoes. You followed Moriarty."
“You said you wrote some of this as a joke to mess with John’s head? The poor bloke! We need to talk more about your people skills, but you do have John’s voice down well. I can’t tell what’s yours and what’s John’s. You could be a ghost writer.”
What lewd and libidinous acts he could preform with that mouth. All Sherlock need was return to that rest area in his mind palace and feel the burn and stretch of that night.
Twenty minutes later and each with a cup of tea, we sat in the parlor as Sherlock explained to Marilyn whose hand was in the freezer and why Brutus was killed.
She’s beautiful. He’d thought about flirting with her, but found it wouldn’t be worth the effort. At first he told himself it was because she’s cold and unapproachable, but the real reason was his new flatmate.
He helps John with the crates. The attic is a tight space for the two them with all the stacked boxes still storing old clothes and Christmas ornaments. William never moved them. John opens a few, wanders around and stops.
"It means I'm truly sorry that it had to happen this way. I had no choice." He scratched his head. "I have some water left in my camp. I brought a few in my knapsack."
This Martha's Truck Stop and the people who worked here were fascinating. The red and white vertically-striped painted exterior was hideous. Fortunately, the door to the establishment pushed open—Sherlock would never touch a door handle like this, that was covered in gas, oil, and, most probably, grime from hands that hadn't been washed in weeks.
“John, one simply back dates in WordPress, revises the date stamp and makes it look as though it had been set to private previously like the rest.”
He sat down on John's bed and leaned back on the headboard. Closing his eyes, he pressed his steepled fingers under his chin and entered his mind palace.
The wool hat and mittens his mom had knit itched, but they kept his ears and hands warm. The snow was coming down in big, wet flakes.
John walks with him towards the elevator. "Probably half an hour to an hour, but could be more if there's a wait, terminal may be on the fritz again." Damn it, he can't babysit Greg and look for William at the same time. He hears a nurse sigh loudly and slam down his clipboard at the station. "Ah. He's got one of my patients, probably should go see what that's about." He pushes the call button, trying not to make it obvious that he's fleeing. "I'll come get you once William's back from imaging. Have to owe you that sandwich."
says it's used more than you would while typing normal English, and anybody listening to you type your password knows when you reach for a number or the shift and when you use your dominant hand."
“But they think he’s done something to you!” she calls up, violin case clutched to her chest as John continues up the stairs.
It's a deal that's a slippery slope. I've fallen down that path before. I never would have taken it, but I was forced on that trail. It's a choice I never would have made, but my mind was compromised by a primitive drive reaching back hundreds of thousands of years. I never trusted Moriarty's actions, but at one time I did trust his words. For two years, he never gave me one reason to think otherwise. I thought to keep my family safe, but they were already gone. Just one lie upon an Everest of lies.
The sound of sneakers on the tile floor brought John’s head up. Mary returned holding two mugs in her hands. Her face brightened when she noticed that she’d caught John’s eyes.
He turns and looks at the clock on the nightstand. It’s almost 2 a.m., and he’s certain that happiness is there in the world somewhere, it’s just not out there for him. He thinks as he dozes.
I took his tattered jacket and hung it up while he toed off his old trainers, then followed me to the kitchen.
“What? That you barged in and disrupted my experiment?” He pulled back, but still refused to look at James.
He moves stealthily around the outside of the house, keeping just out of the security lights’ reach. Behind boxwood bushes and ash trees, he looks for access back inside and finds a lone window propped open. He steps cautiously up, and he smells someone's burnt toast lingering in the kitchen.
The man looks into John’s eyes with such an intensity, John regrets his harsh words. There’s something in there John’s never seen. He feels as if his heart and soul are open for the man to see. Then the man’s eyes fill with terror and panic as his jaws clench. Clear resignation of what’s about to happen washes over the man’s face before he convulses. John pulls him gently to the floor away from the benches and turns him onto his side and checks his vitals. Sobering to think that not long ago this fellow raced like a gazelle as John chased him across rooftops, and now he lies unconscious between John’s legs.
The thud of feet approaches from behind him, and John stares up at the woman who twisted his arm roughly behind his back when they were grappling in front of the car.
Checked on Will twice last night. Can’t be to cautious when someone suffers from such devastating head trauma. First bed check was after a patient with a child came to my door. Turned out the little one had an ear infection. Rosie went through six months of having one every other week, it seemed like. Mary and I practically needed counseling by the end, we were so irritable from having no sleep. I gave the father some instructions and antibiotics and sent them on their way. Then I checked on Will. He was sleeping peacefully.
"On our drive to the hospital, I was comparing what I saw out the window to my mental map of Cardiff. We drove through some areas I haven't frequented during the last two months, and there were some differences from what I expected." Will starts to pace. "If I map that variance — what's there now versus what I expect to be there— I can narrow down when my mental map was created. It doesn't tell me who I am, but it might tell me how long I've been here. This map is pre-epidemic, so I'm also marking changes between the map and the city as it is now. Like these bus routes that were cancelled."
"As for connections to James Moriarty, he and Moran did not—as Americans say—run in the same circles. Moriarty, as you well know, is an Oxford man and Moran, while highly intelligent, has had no formal college education. The only link my men have found between them was a meeting last August at Trafalgar Square. I have a few innocuous photos taken of it. Moran was rather dashing in uniform. Moriarty flitted about him in his usual manic state like a bee buzzing around a flower."
. He opens his mouth as if to say something, but nothing comes out. We stand silently until he clears his throat.
“And I was worried you’d be coming down here to tell us that even the dead couldn’t work with the man,” Sister Katherine says.
John changes into his oatmeal jumper and some worn, soft jeans and makes breakfast. Sherlock is ready to tell John between flipping eggs and making toast when he hears footfalls on the stairs along with the tap of a cane. Mycroft is early! Sherlock wants to ignore it, but John insists they answer the door. Blackbeard helps, greeting Mycroft with a hiss, then races down the stairs to Mrs. Hudson’s.
Mycroft’s brows knit together into one his infamous scowls. Despite his projected haughty indifference, I know he is as perplexed as I am. He scans the flat for Rosie before walking over to John’s chair. “She’s taking a nap?” he asks, the facade completely gone. The disappointment in his voice is evident even to John. It seems Mycroft’s cold heart had been thoroughly melted by bright-blue eyes and a cherub smile.
I don't care what you think your reasons are. There is no good reason. Kidnapped. Again. Only this time you're not rescuing me, you're the cause.
"You should have taught me this sooner." John's feeling more confident, and he spins Sherlock around. "It's nice."
Or Sherlock could be the one to move out instead of him. Get a place off campus. Live with Moriarty. Why else did Sherlock warn John away from him? Because Moriarty knew what Sherlock was. They were two of a kind. The way Sherlock couldn’t let go when talking about him--Sherlock might as well move in with him.
“Walk out. Don’t say anything except what’s on this script she wrote, or we’ll shoot you,” Seb said. “We’ll be watching from behind the bleachers, making sure that Sherlock fulfills his end. Now, zip up your jacket.”
Sophy is the connection. Not surprising she turned up the same time all the bodies did. But is she the actual murderer or is it someone else in her circle?
Miss Adler visibly stifles laugh as one of the women grabs John's left arm and yanks it painfully back and up between his shoulder blades. In a blink, the motion is followed by a sharp stab in his thigh by the woman with the daisy tattoo.
Special thanks to hotshoeagain for beta'ing most of the story and to recently folded for helping so much with the first chapters. As a writer, I deeply appreciate the friends I've made who beta. They are indispensable: they give find plot holes, errors, typos (especially my silly mistakes). They patch us up and kiss my story and make it all better. Most of all, they tell it like it is. If it doesn't work, I want to know and make it work. I have been fortunate to have beta's that tell me that. Thank you. You have encouraged and sustained me.
“John,” Sherlock begs as he’s nudged toward the bed. “Please. I need…” The backs of his  thighs buckle against the frame, and he allows himself to fall back, both hands grasping John’s arms and pulling him down on top.
The old Sherlock Holmes would have come back with a snarky reply. This Sherlock doesn’t—he says, “I’d much rather lean on you.”
Hand in hand they trek through the coarse grasses and wander around the island. There’s families here and couples visiting, seeing the island’s curiosities. Not much to really see on the island but rocks and bushes about and maybe a few rabbits. The trees that were once on the island long taken down. The sandy and loamy soil of the island doesn’t afford much to grow, but Sherlock points to John some adder’s tongue fern along with bee orchid and spleenwort. Not much else.
“You should do the same to your face,” John laughs. “I’m surprised no one else noticed you’d slipped out.”
Two blocks from the flat, their shadows step out into the light. The one behind moves faster while the one ahead slows. Another appears from inside of a building to the left and moves in. They’re being boxed in. Sherlock nods and John reaches carefully behind him for his Sig Sauer.
He’s the most patient yet most caustic man I’ve ever known. Number four on the BAMF blog fits John perfectly: “Inhale patience, but exhale irritation.” On our last case, he sat on a bench in the cold London rain for hours while I sat with Rosie at home. Our suspect was a comical figure of a man who was last seen sporting a green cap, an enormous walrus mustache, and feet wading in Wellingtons four sizes too big. That whole time, John didn’t eat, had only one coffee, and still he remained stoic at the stake out.
“Would you mind, Mike, telling Beca I’ll be in a bit later? It seems I have a patient to attend to here.”
“I know that someone needs to help Lestrade write up his report,” Sherlock says, letting go of John’s hand. “It should be me.”
Mycroft’s eyes light up. “She could use the doctor as leverage against you! This could be used to our advantage! This may be an excellent idea after all.”
"There's something else. I don't know if it was by choice or not, but I get the feeling you've been pretty much alone in all this until now," John said.
I reach out to him and he grasps my hand in his. “Sometimes we can’t climb out. Sometimes we must rely on someone else to pull us out, take our hand.” His grip is firm and warm. Comfort and hope wash through me. “And even if we let go, it can always be offered again.”
The first few days were perfect. He played pirates and took care of his friend and best mate. They spent time on the sandbar and in exploring the rocky coves. On their last full day there, they went to one of Sherlock's favorite spots: the lighthouse. He'd had to wait until then because he was forbidden to go up there alone. With Mycroft and his father not far away, he raced up to the lighthouse. On the way, a rabbit caught Redbeard's eye, and he bounded off after it. Sherlock raced behind, but Redbeard was too fast and too determined to catch the rabbit. Sherlock called and called for hours. His beloved dog was gone and they were to leave the next day!
Molly did have nice legs accented by a red and purple flowered skirt so short that it barely covered her behind. It didn't even take a light breeze to send the skirt up to reveal her cute little tushy along with matching red and purple print panties. They reminded John of bathing suit bottoms or what girls wore under the tennis skirts. Walking next to her John noticed she was getting plenty of appreciative head turns and smiles from male and few female students.
“Before I give you this, I need to know you are keeping an open mind about what you are about to read. The other folder is more about your past. It thought you might be...interested.”
John loved and hated being home. It was nice having his mom dote on him the first two days. After that, John wanted it to end.
Without John’s brisk pushes, the smile on Rosie’s face mimics the swing’s arc—it grows smaller and smaller. John’s lips follow and flat-lined, and his face fills with confusion. I need to clarify immediately before more intrusive and ominous thoughts begin to eat away at him.
John didn’t like her much. She had aimed a gun at them both, but that didn’t mean he wanted her dead.
He hollowly recalled the end of that summer. They were packing and Steven hadn't said a word. John touched Steven's back. He jerked back, practically hitting John in the nose.
“I hardly call lowering a fishline through a hole in the ice, learning to fish! They simply take the bait because it’s moving. They’re more bored than I am.”
Most of the theater was cleared, few people were still leaving. John stubbornly remained seated with Mary still seated next to him.
Sherlock inched closer and John's heart began to pound in his ears. He had to sit on his hands to keep them from shaking.
It's a lazy afternoon after two days of rain when they decide to walk to the airstrip and check out the ocean side of Palmyra.
Not long ago, Sherlock cocooned himself completely from the world within a protective shell. Then, the difference between himself and a doctor was he believed himself incapable of feeling. No more. As he struggles looking down at the man on the stab who Sherlock once laughed and drank with, he feels. The only difference now is that he just doesn’t reveal it to the world.
John took it to the eighth floor and to one of the tiny offices that those in the work-study program used. John flipped on the light.
“Here, take these.” Mike grabs to catch the carton and egg thrust his way as John strides forward, cane clicking on the tile floor of the Tesco. The stranger takes a step back. The cashier looks nervous. John stops for a moment, eyes still locked with the stranger's. There's a pssh sound at the entrance, then the man spins around and rushes out the automatic doors just before they shut again, coat billowing behind like superman’s cape.
"I'm surprised from what I'd read that no one has visited here since I arrived. One of the research bungalows not far from the dock is locked up tight. From what you said the first day, I assume that Mycroft has something to do with that."
I'm really proud of the chapter below. It's a work of love and also, filled with suspense. And you thought the last chapter was a ride? Meet this one (and the next).
“He says he has a phobia about getting wet,” she says, “but there’s really cyanide in a secret compartment in the handle. That and it pulls out into a sword. He thinks he’s Errol Flynn.”
kept it all inside, their family secret that everyone knew. John started getting headaches. His mom stopped singing and his sister started drinking. John didn't want to admit to himself he hated his own father, but he did.
Moran’s eye twitched more, but he refused to stand up. Instead he held the gun steady on John while he forcibly rocked back and forth, sending blood curdling squeaks echoing through the cabin.
Sherlock seemed put out at the very notion of giving John the scoop about anything having to do with the campus, let alone any low-down on his personal history.
Sophy laughs as she kicks Mycroft on the floor, and he groans. “This is so much sweeter than I’d planned! I turned your brother against you, Mycroft, and it’s the last thing you’ll recall as you
But John waited as she slotted them away in the box one at a time. Then he picked her off the floor and carried her to bed. As usual, she refused to fall asleep unless I read her a story. At last I came downstairs to hear John’s own story.
Mycroft clasps his hands behind his back, waiting for John to say more, but the painkiller has slowed John’s mind, and really, he has nothing more to say. Sophy, on the other hand, does.
Moran roughly shoved Sherlock toward the fireplace, hobbling behind him. His boot left bloody puddles across the floor.
"The killer knew his victim well and intimately," Moriarty explained to Sherlock. "Splitting her in half was to disassociate himself. For him, it was about separating his seething lust from his chaste love. I find the whole Madonna/whore complex lacks creativity, but, to each his own."
Justice. She is right that he needs to solve it, but Sophy Kratides already believes he did it. And she lost someone. He saw the keepsake, a locket, under her panties in the dresser. She never thought he'd look under them.
“Mary didn’t jump in front of me to save me. The shot was meant for her. She meant to fake her death.”
“Yes. I know.” Over John’s conversations over the last two days, John realizes that Will does all he can to push most people away. It’s like he wants people to hate him. Other the other hand, John seems to be the exception. At least that’s what Beca picked up on in her conversation with Will.
“I’d like like to see his room, but not because I’m not convinced.” He winks, and this brings a smile to her face so much like Sherlock’s that his chest feels tight. He misses him and he’s worried. Before they go up to Sherlock’s room, she makes him more tea with delicious homemade scones that would put Mrs. Hudson to shame. They talk about his work as a doctor. Later as they climb the stairs to Sherlock’s room, she asks him how much her son remembers.
John never will forget that first night his father didn't come home at all. His mother panicked and so did Harry. John was fourteen and more than old enough to understand what it meant. He played at being brave that night and pretended he was a man. He let his mom and sister cry on his shoulder; he'd wiped their tears, and told them it would be alright. All the while, his heart ached. Later that night he let himself cry into his pillow.
“She’s lying,” I say over my shoulder. “She knows her daughter’s handwriting, but she knew these are not her words. The boyfriend dictated the note to her.”
He took John’s chair, knees apart and even held his chipped mug the same as John with his fingers gripping tight around the handle.
“They thought I was knocked out from the morphine. And they would have been looking for a man. People see, but they don't observe.”
Sherlock nods to a box left beside the door with the protective coverings to slip over their shoes left for those who visit.
The water in the sharks' channels is as deep or deeper than his waist so John waits for low tide to cross those: the sharks only seem to use them when the water's deep.
“I heard about it,” John says. “I understand it's hard to pretend to like people, but perhaps you could pretend that you don't need to tell everybody their personal histories in the middle of their workday?”
“I spoke to Mycroft. She never came in physical contact with my sister, but Vivian knew who she was, and her son works for the British Embassy.”
The room was smaller than John and Sherlock’s, but they’d managed to stuff in two twin beds, a plywood desk, two small dressers, and a bookcase made out of stacked bricks and boards. A large collection of books and albums spilled out of the bookcase, and a portable record player precariously sat on the top of it.
“You look terrible yet still so handsome. Even when you were homeless, you were attractive. Such a shame to destroy such beauty. I am sorry that it came to this.”
, he thinks. Although hospital slippers don’t seem to be working so well for William either. He’s having a time, hand grasping the railing as he runs down them. William also ignores John’s pleas. He’s halfway down the steep stairs before John catches him. Literally catches him— his body falls back in to John’s.
The wedding you helped Mary plan is most probably only days from now. I got another one of your bloody cryptic messages (not even a respectable letter like I've written you) about how you can't tell me the reason. Blah, blah, blah. Why must you wait to tell me in person? Why can't you tell me until I get there? Where the bloody hell is the "there" and when in God's name should I expect to be free of this pustulant barely-floating death trap?
“So you’re just a posh git? Or...your girlfriend likes clothes?” John pauses "Or boyfriend. Which is fine, by the way.
Sherlock kicks the gun away from Sophy’s reach. He then gently turns John toward him. Mycroft stands and brushes off his trousers.
I fear it's been days since I opened my eyes. I fear that something went dreadfully wrong. Possibly part of my brain liquefied. This inability to connect thoughts has to be more than fever and infection.
"He threatened me. I still have every letter. His fantasies became so dark that I finally reached out to that brother of his in the government for help. I was shocked when he told me what Sherlock had told him! That I," Moriarty said, pressing his hand to his chest and waving the pen above his head like a wand with the other, "am some sort of psychopath trying to win him over by murdering innocent people."
He kept on laying the flattened boxes on the floor. He punched out the bottom of two more large boxes and laid them end-to-end on top of the others.
"Drink this," he says, giving John a sip of water. He takes a drink, then closes his eyes to drift off to swabbing salve on Sherlock's freckled arms.
“I’d planned to use the closet in the storage room next door. You found me before I managed to get there.”
“Also, for some fucked up reason, I believe you and so does Molly here,” John says. “So, are you going to trust us, or not?”
"He's not — how did?— I'm sorry, Molly," John finally settles on. This is just as much her mystery to solve as his. "You talked to the police about the dead man, and I didn't want you to have to lie about when he woke up, but I don't want him hauled off just yet."
"Not her father, her brother. She gets them confused. He looks like her father did when he was younger. Her brother came to check on their father when he didn't return home. By that time his father had been unconscious for some time. It seems interfering brothers do hold some useful purpose."
"Any sand is too sandy," Sherlock says. "It would be miserable. I don't want to chance opening that wound. But we did pass that bungalow."
"I have no plans to be anywhere but with you. I think this impasse would go better with breakfast, though. Tea?"
“It’s like he was born there! He just reads the charts and knows! I thought he was a nutter, but he’s been right about cause of death each of the first three cases. So do you know what I did? I took him to the drawers and pulled out Mr. Beefcake!”
Suddenly his face was burning cold. Ice! Ice was falling from the sky. What kind of Hell was Michigan? The wind thundered by and his coat whipped his legs. The sidewalk transformed into a massive skating rink. He watched as people slipped and slid, more than one falling on their arse. He ducked into a bus shelter to escape the pelting abuse.
He’s dizzy and gasping. Sherlock back arches up off the bed, pressing closer, wanting solid contact and at the same time counting. His hands grasp John’s hips, and he shifts against John until their cocks are together. It should be a delectable rub, but Sherlock can’t catch his breath to enjoy it fully. John lifts his chest up and looks at Sherlock. He sees it. John’s body stiffens on top of him.
For a change, he really doesn't want an argument. He drifts off, leaving the elephant in the room ignored once again.
I let Rosie entertain herself following her dad around the kitchen with Teddy in hand while I see to the caped invader.
As he played the game, he flipped his cards with flourish, noting how closely John now watched his hands.
The night was black, and the whole area smelled of gas and smoke. Sherlock tried to stifle the urge to light up a cigarette, not wanting to call attention to himself. He made his way behind the bushes. He was doing his best to walk silently in his trainers but they still shuffled the dry leaves and snapped twigs beneath his feet. He stopped every so often to make sure no one other than the man he'd chosen was following him. Always good to take precautions.
He opens his eyes and takes out his cell and checks. Still no notifications. He opens his browser and googles “James Moriarty.” There are 12 million results. He reads the first five. It’s enough, but he continues...master criminal...genius. Also according to numerous tabloids...very dead.
“You said you haven’t been online much.” John pours himself some coffee and takes a sip. William may make a mess, but he knows how to make a good cuppa.
It seemed fitting that the memory of what happened between two strangers be forever locked at Rest Area 818.
They’d just missed Lestrade. John is certain that it’s intentional on Sherlock’s part. Molly told them he’d been to the morgue to check what, if anything new, Molly had found out.
His roommate was a terror. But despite the tornado of chaos and insanity Sherlock brought into his life, this was the most fun John had ever had.
“I only read parts. That’s why you’re preoccupied right now. I must say, that I was very tempted to read it all.”
They continue sleeping next to each other. They've only kissed and held each other—Sherlock's still treating John as if he might break.
“Ta, this is good.” It seems everything is good to John this morning. He should tell him now, when he does think it’s all good.
“I was so hoping that you would come around to our side.” She sighs and looks at her hands, then back into Sherlock’s face. “I thought Sophy would convince you. It would have been nice if she had. Sadly, you seem to have some sort of moral code that I really hadn’t expected. I thought it was always all about the game for you. That’s what I was told. I did need to continue my brother’s legacy, and you were simply in the way.”
He keeps the bottle under his berth and only pulls it out when two of the crew bring him on deck to show him his destination. The roar of the engines has been replaced by the welcome clanging of repairs, the shouts of orders, and a few choice curses. Over the last week he's heard enough French to suspect that swearing in French is a real art. It doesn't really sound like you're being insulted.
He woke with his head pounding and found his arms straining over his head, his wrists handcuffed to the James' brass bed. James smirked as sat on the edge, caressing Sherlock's bare legs. Wrapped in a purple velvet robe, he was obviously aroused, but did nothing but pet Sherlock.
How could he have the most significant sex in his life again and remain detached? Could he detach himself from a paradox? John Watson appeared to be a simple American from a working class family who counted himself fortunate to get scholarships for his hard work, study, and athletic abilities. Yet when he spoke, Sherlock found all of those preconceptions dust under his feet.
I sigh and decide to begin with simple confirmations. “I believe I can save time and tell you what you planned to say to me.” I look down at him. I also hear John just outside the door. He’s not hiding the fact that he’s listening in.
One day I will bring back what was lost. I must acquire the knowledge and skill, but I will never succeed if I give up and remain here in this hell.
John waits for Will to say more. But he grows quiet and withdraws into that place where he goes. It makes John worry all the more for him.
It's an older military jet of some type. Spartan. He's let down that his abduction seems to be on a limited budget. He doesn't expect a sky-yacht done in art deco with euphoria-inducing windows, but he thinks that John Watson ought to be worth more than a stripped-down, twin-engine transport.
“It’s a common space for those living in the adjoining buildings,” Sherlock explains. “But there are a few older gentlemen who tend it lovingly. There are bee hives in the north corner.”
Despite the discomfort—no the pain—Sherlock had reserved a niche in his mind palace for that evening together (and if he wanted to be truthful with himself, and he always did, he had a very
“Yes, you did. The entire death scene was staged, made to look as if you were killing me. She didn’t take the bullet for me. It was intended for her. She jumped into the shot. She thought it wasn’t real, but you wanted her dead. Gone forever. Real bullets.”
do to be able to be with him again. Instead of encountering a dark formless figure that Sherlock could only feel. What wouldn't he give to see those sweaty thighs flex and shoulders strain?
the genius speaks Welsh. John has picked up a few phrases but still has to turn to Mike or another local on the occasions they get a patient who's more comfortable in Welsh than English. "We'll find you a map if you think it'll help."
“One strategic thermonuclear weapon. It would have killed what eugenicists made in their labs, and what was destined to be shipped off in Cardiff’s port. It was the only way to neutralize Pandora. I did not pull the trigger...push the bottom...blow us to kingdom come. I chose Pandora. I thought...I didn’t realize. I couldn’t do it. All I had to do was text Mycroft the key, and Pandora never would have happened.”
To be sure, it was an odd response on her part, but I decided to ignore it. Maybe she was just being eccentric. With that last name, she'd almost be fated to be a bit peculiar.
We start with the seesaw and the control John has over Rosie and her safety, which Sherlock parallels to his own heart. It goes high and low, fast and slow, and is dependent on that big old brain of his to control it. Sherlock notes how well John tempers his movements with Rosie, how he’s directly next to her, not balancing on the other end of the seesaw. His heart his sure and steady. While her bottom rests on a hard, board slab, and she could fly up and slam down, John would never let that happen. Unfortunately, that’s not the same with Sherlock, and he notes it in the story. Well yes, Sherlock acknowledges he did jump off first, but he tried to spare John from harm. When John jumped off, it’s a painful drop.
Sherlock breath catches. John just called him “love,” and he feels giddy— at least he thinks that’s what it’s called when your insides feel like a thousand butterflies. He must be in an alternate reality. He checks his own pulse.
“Sure thing. I can’t guarantee how long it’s been sitting. If it’s like syrup, I’ll make a new pot.” She patted the folders before giving him a wink. “Make yourself at home. I’ll be right back with a hot cup of joe!”
“It hurts too much, Myc, take it away!” Sherlock’s younger version pleads. He recalls how white and spindly his legs were gathered beneath him, how the small treasure chest sat open between Myc and himself on rocks and sand of the beach.
A part of me hopes I’m wrong, that my brother would not do this to my sister. Another part of me understands why he would. John is correct. She is dangerous. She knows that she’s done harm, but does she understand? Is that why she would retreat into herself? We assume she had no guilt, no sense of right or wrong. But that may have changed. Or maybe we were being fooled yet again.
"I am ending this call." John slammed the receiver down so hard the bell inside rang out pitifully as if crying in pain.
John notes that it looks like Sherlock is walking in small circles. John hears him huffing and puffing, shoes slapping...then John realizes, he’s climbing stairs!
"According to this," Sherlock tapped a thermometer on the wall, "it is -18 C. We'll need to keep our core temperature from dropping to dangerous levels. Come here, John."
Slow, controlled, yet personal, Anthea leans into him, meets his eyes. At least the first class seats are comfortable.
John knows exactly what Sherlock is. A miracle. That day when Sherlock grasped his wrist and pulled John up on the roof, he also pulled John back into life.
Every time John closes his eyes he watches the video unfold. He can't help replaying it. With his eyes open, he hears it. John's certain it's the same for Sherlock, but he's gauging John's reactions. He will catch Sherlock watching him, and it's not a Sherlock who's deducing. He's a reflective, contemplative Sherlock who measures John. At rest, walk, or making tea, he hovers behind as if he thinks John could shatter at any moment and he will need to be there to pick him up.
Moriarty waved his hands dramatically. "I am obsessed with many things: Opera, the Crown Jewels, pure mathematics, but not Sherlock Holmes. He is, however, obsessed with me.
I probably sound happier than I should considering I didn't catch the guy. But it was the most exciting thing to happen to me since I moved to Cardiff. When I was thirteen I told my parents that I wanted an exciting life. Most of it has been the wrong kind of exciting. I probably shouldn't have survived being shot, I probably shouldn't have survived Pandora, but I did, I'm still here, and it was good to feel good about it for once. I went after the man like a bloody fool leaving Molly and Mike gobsmacked. I ached for some healthy excitement. Not death or blood or disease. As I ran through those streets and alleys, I thought the bloody git was good, but more than that, I was damn good too. I still don't know why he saved me. He didn't have to.
Her place was the typical dorm room with posters on the wall, psychedelic patterned bedspreads, and throw pillows everywhere.
John hasn’t been tested this much since he was in uni. Sherlock Holmes presents one exam after another. Each time, the course changes.
John pats William on the back for the second time in the evening. “Or a locksmith. As far as criminals, I'm the one who just took a potshot at someone."
“Or searching...” John suggests. “I wasn’t just running— I was searching. For something new. You could be too.” He’s pleased when Will stops to ponder the possibility.  "
Long fingers, careful and exploring, play him instead of the violin. His unconventional grasp, unravel him. He thrusts to the rhythm Sherlock’s created. It’s the hottest hand job he’s ever had. He comes moaning into Sherlock’s mouth. After lips part,  John looks down at those lovely hands coated in him. He’s marked Sherlock. He reaches between Sherlock’s legs. He’s just as hard, he pulls Sherlock up to his feet, mouths reconnect, then he looks into Sherlock’s eyes for permission.
He was...yes. John had to be...wanking off in his sleep. And he wasn't one of those who jerked off sloppy and spasmodic. Slow and steady.
She ushered us through the large entryway and stared up at the staircase. We stood behind her, both looking up to see what had drawn her gaze. She seemed to change her mind, though, and began to lead us through a long hallway, deeper into the building.
Not long ago in this very spot, he watched John Watson. Then Sherlock attributed his fascination as macabre— a serial killer stalking his prey. He was so wrong.
Sherlock had known he would do this. From the moment he'd heard about it, he'd known. He was bored, and it sounded a bit dangerous.
I shake my head. “Vivian is not innocent. But she wasn’t going to shoot me. She never was, although she hates me enough now to do it.”
Maybe watching Sherlock lick his lips and fingers as he ate the Pringles was what had prompted the dream. Classical conditioning. He hoped a conditioned response didn't pop up when he next looked at that cupid-bow mouth, or, worse, a can of Pringles.
“Yes, yes,” I huff a sigh of indignation. “Feet in this pail and you add cement. I do so love the Thames. Never thought it would be my final resting place. It does fit in with the cesspool of criminals that are drained into it. I, however, do not intend to be one of them.”
Here it tis! This chapter find Will (Sherlock) filled with angst and more troubles than he knows how to deal with. So his continued solution? Push John away! Doesn't he know he needs John to help him? Please let him know.
“Most are minor infractions. A reprimand most likely would suffice. But this!” Lestrade barks out. “And this! How could I not know this was happening?”
“No, it’s not,” Will says. What if John knew? But that’s just it—  William doesn’t even know himself. What if he
"I wasn't watching where I was going," he said, brushing off the sleeve of his shirt. "I'm going to be late to my lecture."
As Sherlock stares down between them, he thinks John is a thing of beauty too: his cock thick, long, and proud; the scar on his shoulder, a shining star.
A deep moan escapes Sherlock as John strokes him, twisting and pulling. Tight heat, perfect pressure make Sherlock long toes curl and flex in time with John’s attentions.
"Your note to your father stated that you had sold them along with other pieces to make ends meet. But none of this made sense to your father. He knew it wasn't true, but most of all, he knew that they weren't your own words. He decided to stay here with you, and caught you and your lover together."
I hate hospitals. John insisted that I had my head seen to and my ankle properly set. I let John pick the gravel out of my left hand. Any reason for him to touch me. I’d rather it was him that sewed me up and put the five stitches in the back of my head. His skilled fingers were far more preferable. John promised to watch me closely for head trauma. No pins for my ankle, but a cast. I also left with antibiotics for drinking a good portion of the Thames.
Sherlock beams at him like John has just complimented him at a crime scene. The similarity should be disturbing to John, but it's natural. Right.
John's legs shifted as he rolled around under the quilt. Before the items at the end could get twisted into the quilt or tossed aside, Sherlock silently leaned over the bed and snatched them up.
“It has to do with a woman in a locket.” He closes his eyes. “A locket I found at the bottom of Ms. Kratide’s dresser drawer.”
She inspects her perfectly manicured pink nails, then looks at him like he’s an insect. Time to put her in her place. “You are the Nappy Bag lady. That’s what Dr. Watson called you.”
“He a bloody genius. That’s the only reason why he’d quote Robert Louis Stevenson. The git knew I might be listening.”
Always pretending. But pretending didn't make it all go away. He still had Robert Redford under his mattress and he still dreamed about Steven. He wondered if there would ever be a place in the world where he could say "I love you" out loud to another man. He'd heard people were more liberal in California. Maybe he'd head out there someday.
I decided I might as well join in with the whole Sherlock warming up program and began nipping at his long neck. Even with Sherlock's enthusiastic ministrations, my teeth began to chatter again.
“I don’t either. Just joking. I think I might go down the long and winding road of becoming a psychiatrist. I’m a non-traditional student anyway.”
"Sorry," John says. "I'd like to be in your arse. Or you in mine. I could be your cowboy, and you could be my cowgirl. I could lasso you. And maybe I could get into the bedside table drawer and use that big purple dildo."
“His fifth birthday,” Mummy says. “Little Myc so loved his ‘fuzzy-wuzzies,’ as he called them. He wore them even after his big toes poked out of the seams. He insisted that Dad cut off the feet so could keep wearing them. Before he gave them up, the sleeves were up to Myc’s elbow and feet to his knees. Even then, he kept them under his pillow until he was twelve.”
“Need a ride home?” the woman asks flatly. It’s not who he expects, but she’s exactly as John described. And she could be Helena’s long lost sister. Same taste in clothes. Precisely dressed, fitted suit, expensive trainers. Monotone voice, detached attitude and attachment to cell phones. And the man must be the accomplice John referred to in the note. Eyebrows, was it? The nickname is no misnomer.
“No?” she laughs, then bends down closely, her face inches from his. “The great Sherlock Holmes says no to death. I’m so sorry. There’s no refusing death. Listen closely, you can hear him calling.”
Will grunts in reply as he marks another spot. John returns to his novel and watches Will out of the corner of his eye. His phone beeps with a text from Lestrade.
“Checking for bugs,” Sherlock says, lifting up a lamp and holding up to reveal a small dot on the bottom.
From Sherlock’s fingers dangled John’s grandfather’s dog tags. He held them out as he walked over to John. “I picked them up that night off the ground after you’d left.”
Will brushes her off. Instead he worries he’ll need help walking, and he doesn’t want to be a bother since John has his cane today. But Will’s legs remain steady as he follows John out the front and to the parking lot. He’s nervous. What if John’s changes his mind after William has lived with him? He couldn’t even hold it together and “be nice” to Sister Katherine. John’ll most likely throw him out in a week. He’s sure no one could put up with him. His heart starts pounding, and he becomes more and more agitated, trying his best not to let John know his apprehension.
As the associate professor ran off in the other direction, John picked up his backpack and newspapers. What a coincidence to run into him of all people! Too many coincidences...
He'd nodded at John's bandaged hand. He even started to reach out to touch it. John's breath caught in his throat, but Sherlock changed his mind and flipped over a card instead.
I also finally felt the tingling, but it was unlike any that I’d felt before. There was a burning sensation that accompanied it.
I have to dislocate my thumbs, but I get my wrists out of the ropes. I sway to the side to snatch the Glock from Norbury’s coat. My fingers brush against the barrel, but I am still teetering back and forth. Norbury realizes my hands are free. My free arm wraps around Norbury’s neck—more for balance than to overcome him.
“You are asking me this now?” And just to make his point, Sherlock rocks into John and lets him feel how hard he is.
That evening, Mrs. Hudson brings them scones and tea. They decide against another game of Cluedo. John settles in with some James Ellroy and jumps when Will calls, "John, do you have any other pens?".
Sherlock doesn’t like or trust Helena Smith, but more and more of what she’s told him makes sense. She has her own agenda, but that doesn’t negate her message. John asked have Lestrade check her out thoroughly. She seemed to be who she said she was, and the documentation seemed authentic. Yet there were details that weren’t right about her.
"John. Give me a moment. I can say the words." Even with his resonant, deep voice he had to shout it. His coat whipped around him.
I've decided to try going without the cane for a bit, after not noticing I'd run up the fire escape without it.
John takes the opportunity to turn the conversation away from his own muddled feelings. "Whoever's looking for him would probably think well of you. And if you're going to tick off Mark Pelham, you could use a friend in high places. You know people like that look out for their own. Would look good, you trying to return one of their prodigal sons to the fold."
In less than fifteen minutes, it all stopped—except the wind. It pushed him along on the rink like a skater. He braved it the rest of the way to his dorm.
"Why isn't she going to open the door?" I demanded. "Answer me." I rubbed my arms to get warm. I kicked myself again for relinquishing my jacket at the door. I narrowed my eyes at Sherlock. He still had his coat. The bastard.
He’s still shaking from the dream, wondering what it could mean, fearing what it could mean. John wanted him here to help keep him safe. Maybe someone should keep John safe from him.
He's been with men a few times. He's sucked cock, bottomed, and topped. He's loved a man before. He'd even been open to the idea with Sherlock in the very beginning, but then Sherlock had told him unequivocally that he was married to his work.
. Another ridiculous title. How I came by it, was a long story involving pink lace panties. Could I help it that they were the only article of clothing left in a drawer when I was trying to escape? It was better than nothing. Second thought, maybe not.
“I’d put down your gun,” Moran said. “I would love to have an excuse to put a bullet into his head.”
What was his roommate's problem? Sherlock's reaction had to rate as one of the fucking strangest things John had ever witnessed. What was Sherlock's relationship to Associate Professor Moriarty? Maybe they were lovers and it hadn't ended well. John doubted being a fuck-buddy would cause such a reaction but either way, John found he didn't like that idea much at all.
When he’s a block from the warehouse near Bute East Dock, he stops to observe his surroundings closely. It’s open highway, and he furtively pokes in and out alongside and beneath Central Link, hiding in the overgrown of weeds and bushes around the highway.
“You always check? Isn’t that a bit paranoid?” John scratches his chin. “After meeting your brother though, I see why you might be. Wait...that means he’s been listening to us.”
Sherlock walks into Lord Blackwood’s flat like it’s his. The schnauzers bark, signaling Sherlock's here. Friendly fellows, they greet him, jumping on his legs, running in circles. He pats one on the head. He zeroes in to where their master could be. In the floorplan, Blackwood’s office was overlooking Cardiff, his realm. The dogs seem to think he should go there too, but why no one but the dogs have greeted him, which makes Sherlock believe Lord Blackwood might be elsewhere.
Beca nods. “Send the report to Lt. Lestrade immediately. We’re glad to have you back with us, Mr. Holmes.”
"You really need to use some sort of sunscreen," John says. "I don't know why I didn't see you hiding behind all that green foliage. You're glowing like a damned red beacon."
He knew he wanted John Watson again. But at what cost? Could he remain detached if they were to fuck again?
He slipped out of the cuffs and out of Moriary's bed. But that didn't deter James. He followed him, sent him flowers. And when that didn't work, he sent him bodies and love notes: to Sherlock Holmes, With Love from Your Greatest Admirer.
“Papa!” she chimes from upstairs behind the baby gate that is now entirely useless. She scales over it and navigates the stairs backward and bottom first at least once daily. I go up to see how she is, and end up reading to her. I keep listening for the door downstairs. John is taking far longer than I had anticipated. I’ve found Rosie’s attention span when reading far exceeds the usual toddler’s I have researched. Rosie is obviously advanced. I am able to read the entirety of
“Sherlock will need to use his talents and make Sophy believe he not only wants to work for her, but that he shares the same goals.”
“They’d thought he’d done something to you,” she says. She disgusted, and in a huff she explains all that happened. As she continues, his blood pressure rises. She says the police think Sherlock killed Lord Blackwood and done something to John?! What was Greg thinking?
"Return them to their original forms and enter the Gate of Truth or you will be destroyed," Magnus commands with a wave of his hand.
“You’re telling me that Eurus influenced me to help fake my wife’s death? Eurus told me there was nothing for me to do, that there was nothing I could do to save her, and that’s why I did nothing? It wasn’t shock or fear? God!”
He decided to test his theory further. He inched closer to John on the bed. John became even more antsy, yet he didn't move away.
John began to climb out of the bed. He wondered if Sherlock hadn't smoked some bad weed. He'd just heard about this pot that was laced with paraquat, that supposedly made people freak.
"Sadly, this was no magic trick gone wrong," Moriarty continued. "Her torso was severed shortly after death with a large, industrial saw. The time of death was within the last hour. The genitals were mutilated after death. Perfectly ghastly."
“Well, that is a bit off.” William’s eye twitches. It’s obvious that Will is distressed relating this to him, not excited or inspired.
“I would love to, but I drew the short stick and had to work here, so I could get the pleasure of seeing you sign the papers and toss your skinny little arse out of here.” Sister Katherine hands him the forms. “Not fast enough, if you ask me.” As she explains his home care instructions, Will gives an exaggerated sigh. “Keep rolling those eyes, and maybe you’ll find your brain inside there somewhere! You are like a child! Open your ears! You need to listen,” she says.
"The rotting eelgrass gives out a pungent smell of iodine," Sherlock says. "It's particularly strong here. I wish I had thought to pack my microscope and some supplies. I'd love to do some tests on its decomposition. There're so many possibilities."
“Please, John.” He lies Sherlock down on the couch and scoots next to him thigh-to-thigh. John fumbles at the waist of his trousers. It’s an odd angle, but he manages. He gets the button open and pulls the flies just far enough to get his hand inside. Sherlock's cock twitches beneath his fingers.
"After all this time, I finally get to kiss you. Don't you think that's reason enough for my heart to flutter?"
It’s time to confirm what I already know to be true. I go downstairs where we’ve stored Mary’s things. I rummage through one of the boxes and find a brush Mary used at the bottom.
“We had another murder last night,” Greg says, trying to smooth over the tension in the room. “Other than Sherlock’s cryptic message— that’s the reason I came this morning. The victim is in the morgue. I’d like to enlist your help, Sherlock— unofficially, that is. Similar to the arrangement you had with Scotland Yard.”
A few of the boards are missing, and John isn't sure that it would even be safe to walk on. They say something in French he can't understand.
I will never be an acceptable omega. I am too tall, too angular, and my voice far too deep for one. Anatomically, my cock was large enough for a beta, but for an omega, I am a freak, and I embrace it.
John flicks the cord tails at Sherlock and cracks them against Sherlock's thigh. "You still aren't taking this seriously. Be creative!"
“He’s in,” John says. Anthea nods. They watch the blinking red dot together move around what must be the top floor, then after a time, he seems to leave. They hear ding of an elevator bell and swish of its door, then it opens. The sound of Sherlock’s feet. He’s moving fast. John knows something is wrong. Then an alarm rings. He hears Lestrade’s voice say, “He’s on camera.”
"A bit of fight from my captain. That's good. I like a good tumble." He holds John's arms in place above his head.
He continued in the proper direction, passing a bicycle rack, a phonebooth, and other recognized landmarks being submerged in blankets of white.
Despite driving in circles all over London, I deduce where we are going and let John know as much as possible while blind in a trunk and only able to tap on my mobile with one finger. The car stops and the boot pops open to the afternoon sun. I recognize where we are the moment my eyes adjust to the light.
I supposed Marilyn and her small staff didn't eat all that much. There was only a little frozen food inside, but a lot of empty boxes were stacked in one corner. Sherlock nodded to me and pointed to a shelf at eye level. Inside a gallon-sized ziplock bag was a hand. Other remains (or what was left) of Brutus were sealed inside about a dozen bags in assorted sizes placed two shelves above the hand.
Sherlock’s head immediately shot up when he recognized the familiar footsteps in the hallway. The steps were hesitant and stopped just outside the door what. There he stood in the door, mouth open and nothing coming out.
Mr. Markham is sitting on the floor with his back to the wall with his hands tied behind him. I spend a few seconds picturing how John had just manhandled him and tied him up like a Christmas turkey.
Sherlock motions behind them. “We’re being followed. More than one. Quite possibly just watching our progress. The actions do not appear threatening, so they may be Anthea’s men.”
Bottom. Yes. For days after that encounter, every move he'd made, every step he'd taken, he'd felt that cock. The experience had been enlightening. He'd prepared for that moment, but the pain had still been incredible. Yes, John was a talented man. Maybe not experienced in the ways of commercial lubricants, but talented.
“I think your men should have him about....now!” Sherlock says. From the outside a loud report of a gun, then shouting. A moment later, Mycroft and two of his cronies are lead inside, guns pointed at their heads.”
"If I do that, he'll tell John." Her voice is firm, determined. "I can't allow that. You can't stop me."
* Just to be clear, there’s no Baker Hall at U of M, but on this fictional campus, we need one since they’re in room 221.
"Yer own stupidity got ya where you are. You had to jump from the roof and break the fall with yer arm.  Should have put that chip in yer head sooner. That won't happen again."
During those dream days, his dad had worked at Gray Iron Castings, a foundry in Jackson. It had been demanding, cruel work. But John and his sister gave his dad a hero's welcome each and every night. They'd throw their arms around their dad's legs and he would waltz around the living room with the two children dangling off of him. John loved how his dad's belly would shake as he laughed.
"Yes. It is about time," Sherlock spat out. His own voice didn't echo back. The connection was much better. It seemed that Mycroft's clandestine connections to the British Government afforded a pristine line.
Growing up, we lived near a lake surrounded by two ponds and a canal. Ducks lived all around, but the swans that lived near and raised their families became a deep interest to myself and my mom, especially after one day we went out to find the two dead along with one of the babies (they had five, so there were four left alone). We were beside ourselves trying to decide what to do, worried about the rest of the young ones. We didn't need to be. Almost immediately, they were adopted by two swans that just appeared: two male swans. How did they know? We're not sure. But they cared for them, loved and raised the young over the next months in our back pond. They even swam around with the babies on their backs. It was an amazing lesson for myself and my family. We never found out who killed the swans, but no one ever harmed any again.
“Yeah, I can see it. Pretty much from the first day I met you I followed you without a question,” John says. “And the part about the heart dying. Mary’s shot? Or is it deeper? How I hurt you?” John stares ahead, his lips tremble. I crush his hand in mine. “Not a happy ending.”
Vic was going to a small, private college with tuition so high only parents like Vic's could afford it. John's certainly couldn't. If it weren't for the healthy athletic and academic scholarships he'd received, he wouldn't be going to the U of M. Fuck knows that even with those he'll have to save and work one, maybe two, part-time jobs to make ends meet.
, but it wasn’t on campus that early in the 1970s. Zingerman’s is a staple of campus life at U of M (I admit I only visited my friends there. I went to MSU…go green).
“We weren’t able to get all of the shooters even with your man Winston’s help,” Lestrade says to Sherlock. “Thank you, Mycroft. We couldn’t have organized all this without you.”
“You never liked eggs!” Mycroft scoffs. “You fed them to Redbeard along with most of your meals. Mummy wondered for years why the dog was so fat. Yet you eat these...eggs as if they're ambrosia. What might one make of that observation?”
John flushes. William realizes his mistake, but John says nothing since he regrets bringing up something William has never played— or at least doesn’t remember. “The colored pieces?”
"It's about time you told me why we're here. I'm not taking another step until you do," I said as we continued walking through an old graveyard on our way to the manor. Why the place was even moated! All we needed now was the ghost of Ann Radcliffe to waltz out and greet us.
John frowns and purses his lips. “That means you’ve been in my room. Before. You’ve walked into my room and looked through my things and…”
They’ve stepped up the pace— John half sprinting to keep up with Sherlock’s long legs. Sherlock seems to be scanning the horizon. “How good are you with that service revolver?”
Finally Sherlock understood why it was so distressing to John. He felt a pang of panic himself as he read. This could prove to be a most unfortunate turn. Sherlock knew that this might well be a major setback to his plan to get John out of the closet and into his bed. A scare like this would only push John deeper inside himself. This called for an immediate distraction on Sherlock's part. He picked up the new deck of cards and opened them.
I want to thank all those who read the story. If you're shy and didn't comment or give kudos, no worries. We appreciate you too.
“The victim is fastidious to a compulsive degree, yet he walked in his stocking feet. Where are his shoes?” Sherlock says, waving his arms above his head. “A button missing from off his sleeve? Must be recent. He has meticulously mended this shirt, quite expertly, here and here,” he says, pointing to two buttons. “Look at the thread, it does not match the other buttons. While the color is perfect, the fibers are less fine.”
William doesn’t understand why John wants to live with him, but for now, accepting his offer is the better choice. Not only is it more appealing than returning to his attic, but moving in with him is the best way to gather more data about what John's motivations may be.
“On that note, I do think we should step inside this establishment and have a chat before we draw attention.”  With that Mycroft and his men lead them into an old cafe, long since abandoned but appropriated for this little meeting.
As we walked, I noticed some blank spaces on the wall where more paintings had obviously once hung. She didn't say a word about them and blinked rapidly each time her eyes skipped across the barren spots or empty hooks on the walls. I didn't ask, thinking it possible that, like many titled families, they'd had to sell a few pieces along the way to make ends meet.
“Nice replacement. I couldn’t tell. Wait...she’s trying to frame you again! It’s a dangerous game she’s playing.”
John's family didn't have much. They once did. John liked to reminisce about those times when his family was the cliché of The American Dream with the white picket fence, two kids, two cars, and a dog. It was John's once-upon-a-time to relive in his head. The older he got, the further he was from this past life, the more it became just a fairy tale.
Sherlock enjoyed the grimace on Anderson's face as he looked around in astonishment before stepping back from the body.
John awkwardly stepped back away from their grasp. Sherlock Holmes might be a lot of things, but he would never strap a bomb to his chest, would he? Sherlock did this? What kind of man straps a bomb to someone’s chest? Although the bomb weighed surprisingly little, John leaned back against the lockers.
Sherlock somehow manages to switch his bag of gifts to the same hand he’s holding the luggage in. Then unexpectedly, Sherlock rests his free hand in the middle of John’s back and gently massages reassuring circles between John’s shoulder blades.
When I suggested the job to Will— that's the mystery man's name — , he repeated each and every one of Doctor Bellin’s motives from our meeting— it was like he was standing there in the room when she told me. Turns out he’s a bloody mad genius, and not such a bad sort. Then I brought up my extra room. I was surprised he took me up on it so quickly.
Of course she introduced us to Victor Frankenstein's portrait. He had a prominent place in the rather long hallway of Frankenstein history. He appeared a handsome older gentleman, but not one who fit the name—or, at least, my preconceptions about how he should look. The man on the wall resembled Father Christmas more than my imagination's portrait of Mary Shelley's mad doctor.
John told me he followed the man into the house since the suspect had carelessly left the door unlocked. John stepped in and stopped the suspect from completing murder number two.
As he eyes his brother warily, he detests the fact that Sherlock’s superior mind doesn’t understand Mycroft as well as one brother should understand another. Sherlock recalls much of their childhood together, and later at uni when Mycroft “helped” Sherlock through his addictions. Watching the Mycroft sitting in his chair, Sherlock understands less and less of Mycroft’s motives. Does he help Sherlock out of obligation, to save face with his peers? Or because he genuinely cares? Why does he help him now? Is he helping Sherlock or helping himself? Sherlock wonders who his brother really is and what he represents.
Finally a time comes when the torment subsides, and I realize my plan has worked. I used all that I learned from the men Paylar “loaned” me to who thought they could take me and own me. Through those men I learned about this kind and merciful doctor. Those feeble-minded men thought Dr. Watson was a fool. There is nothing foolish in kindness and mercy.
The man speaks into the phone, annoyance clear in his voice. “Sir, his name is Sherlock Holmes and he’s...yes.” He covertly pushes a button beneath the desk.
John gasps as at the cold ice cream drizzles down the length of his penis. He jerks his wrists and pulls against the cords as Sherlock bends down, flattens his tongue, and laps it off. He bathes his heated cock with long, lingering swipes. Done, he sits back on his haunches again, admiring John and the mess he's making of him.
Inside the cabin she had landed in a heap. He checked her pulse again. Slow. She was too cold. But in the light of the fireplace, he realized the problem was more than just hypothermia and hanging upside down. An ugly gnash was on the back of her head.  When the snare snapped her up, her head must have slammed into the tree trunk.
“True, but even before, few omegas were ever afforded a choice. At least during the years I passed as an alpha, at least I had the choice not to select a mate.”
Were the serial killer’s victims possible people to be silenced? Past employees who knew too much? Or maybe people who wanted more of “the action” that Sophy didn’t want to share?
As they stepped out on to the foundry floor, John's jaw dropped. The main floor was the size of a football field. Massive vats filled with glowing red molten metal shot wild sparks into the air. The machinery swinging around him seemed to have arms and legs that writhed from the oppressive heat. It was terrifying! He clung closer to his father, his protector. His dad grew in stature that day. This was the father John remembered in his fairy tale past: that brave and masterful iron worker. The efficient foreman. His eternal hero.
Sherlock's head turned toward the noise, eyes blinking rapidly. The banging continued from inside the walls and floor, and Sherlock seemed mesmerized by the commotion, eyes and gun following the sound. It moved along until Sherlock’s eyes rested back on John. He raised the gun slowly.
The man foists his clenched fist into my face. He opens his fat, bruised hand to reveal a small stone in the center of his chaffed palm—a piece of white-grained granite to be precise. The distracting magic of its sparkle makes me forget my dilemma and my suffering. Mica, quartz, and feldspar winkle until my vision begins to whirl and blur like an exploding supernova.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “I need more time. I shall see Lestrade tomorrow. First I needed time to dwell on the note.”
“A job and a place to live. This also is about restitution. A way for the hospital to get me to pay for the things I took.”
There’s someone wrong with someone who cares more about determining a where a person lives by what’s on a shoe sole than caring that they live in squalor.
"Oh, well. I guess his sandwich will keep," he sighed to himself. John set the bag of sandwiches on the desk. Although starved, he needed to unwind and release some of the stress from the day. He sat heavily on his bed, sloughed off his grey hooded sweatshirt, and untied his tennis shoes, then toed them off.
He cursed to himself as he zipped his jacket up to his chin. October was an unpredictable bitch. Rain spat down on him and the cold winds whipped and taunted him. Only a couple of hours ago, the sun was warming his cheeks, he was ridiculously happy and thought he might be in love. Now he had no umbrella, no hat, and a missing heart.
"You will be working for the most part with my research assistant, Seb Moran, along with associate professor James Moriarty."
“Can do. Helpin’ you out is more than payin’ back a favor; I’m helpin’ a friend. And that goes for all others as well. It wasn’t hard gettin’ volunteers to do this for you. We want you to know you havin’ us all work together, gives us a purpose.”
He buries John’s thick cock down his throat again. As John strains to see those perfect lips wrapped around his cock, John thinks Sherlock really is out to kill him. He bobs his head, swirls his tongue. Fiction builds. He’s about to shoot off when Sherlock pulls back.
An ambulance arrives, which surprises John. Mycroft must have waved some hefty donations under Beca’s nose. Sherlock holds John’s hand as they shift John gently onto the gurney. John knows a few of the emergency medical team who lift him: Thomas and Arthur, or Art, as he likes to be called. John chats them up a bit as they check and strap John in.
Sherlock makes shapeless sounds. It’s good. So good. Sherlock feels his internal muscles clamp down. He’s trying his best to relax, but can’t. John rubs his tummy with free hand, like he’s soothing him as he adds a two fingers instead of his thumb. It works.
He could live with the dorm room as cramped and impersonal as it was. This freshman dorm was filled with guys like him, all shell-shocked and nervous, feeling lost and lonesome on the big campus. All John had to do was step out into the hallway and he was accosted with invitations to come smoke one or have a drink.
. With a name like that, you'd think you'd want some sort of nickname. But this guy with a stick up his ass? John figured that it fit him.
“You were right as always,” John says. “About how I feel. I’m just pants about talking about...feelings...”
. And I never will. I lied to Lestrade. I lied to John Watson. I didn’t want them asking about when or if I’ll remember. I abhor the repetition of it all. I do like being this man Sherlock Holmes though. It was a game pretending to be him, but it’s a ruse. I am not that man. I came here because I wanted to be here. With you. No more boring life with boring people.
“My God, Sherlock, you’re right.” John pauses the video. “Look, behind you on the screen. That sign! Sherlock, how did you know all this? You remember!”
Why was something so revolting named after man's best friend and furry companion? The ingredients weren't even fit for a dog and even didn't rise to the standards of the infamous banger—almost as revolting as the American wiener. The buns that came with it were just as disgustingly bland and spongy.
John hoisted him up by grabbing under his arm and pulled him across the floor. “I’d ask you to take a seat, but I don’t want you to get too comfortable,” John said, kicking an old aluminum kitchen chair out from the wall.
John swirls the last of his cold coffee in the cup before he gulps it down with a grimace. His stare out the Starbuck's window is vacant as people buzz like bees back and forth to work and appointments. He plops the cup on the table with a sigh and stretches his aching legs out straight beneath the table. He's not certain how Sherlock managed to convince him that he needs to relax. He's never sure with Sherlock, but it certainly wasn't at Mary's insistence.
As John rights himself racing around a skip, he changes his mind: the man isn’t a gazelle— he’s a spider monkey. The man leaps up and over the skip, then catches the fire escape ladder and swings up with the same effort John uses to step up onto a curb. John leaps too, but when he catches, agonizing pain shoots into his shoulder. But he doesn’t let go of the ladder. He dangles and catches his breath. He bites his lip with the determination of a bulldog and follows the large feet rung by rung up all five stories. All these weeks John staked out to catch this man, wondering who he is. Now he wonders what he is. A demon or an angel?
“Actually, no, but I did find portions of that fascinating. We began trial on it, but Mycroft shut it down saying there is not much of a market for it since few alphas seek to suppress their drives or repress their ruts.”
At home it never got easier. His dad hated "fags." He'd heard him talk about "those cock suckers" more than once. He wasn't sure how his mom or sister felt, but he wasn't about to ask.
It was easy to determine the allergen. Which made Sherlock's case as to John's identity even more certain. He was using the same cologne as he had that night. John obviously hadn't shown the symptoms then. Sherlock had, however, changed his shampoo since their first encounter.
“That’s better, but I’m still fucking cold,” Moran said, jerking Sherlock toward the rocking chair. His fingers dug into Sherlock’s shoulder as he forced Sherlock down to his knees in front of the chair.
“Of course. Then, when they deny me, I’ll know through their puny words and actions exactly where he is.”
"I agree, you didn't look nearly this anxious when I went to bed.” John decides he needs to wake up and check on Will regularly at night. If he’s to recover, Will needs rest. “Alright, tell why I should be afraid of you.”
“I would feel more comfortable at our place,” Sherlock says, and John’s face heats up like he’s been caught. “When it gets light out, we should go there.”
He watched as his mom's and dad's fingers intertwined, and she moved into step with them in three-four time, partners in dance.
"I saved you from a fate worse than death and brought you to a paradise. People used to come and go here, but no longer. This is now considered one of the largest protected areas on the planet. I'll have you know that one needs special permission to visit here."
"While I’ve danced my whole life, it never felt as nice as it does with you." Sherlock hesitates. He seems to be struggling for what to say next. "I’m not very experienced when it comes to relationships as you well know,” Sherlock admits. “What Sophy told me about my...past sexual history...I never enjoyed any of that. I never wanted it. Not until now. Until you.”
Once on Sully Island, you have to either return quickly within three hours or wait six hours for the causeway to appear like magic. And it was a magical twelve hour cycle for him as a boy. Also dangerous. The tide comes in so fast! He recalls racing one day on the slippery rocks before the sea almost took him.
When he'd seen that Hamish was not common at all. It was the same name as on the dog tags he'd found on the ground at the rest stop, that event had happened. It was him.
“Mycroft, do have some respect for the woman who almost killed me, and who’s inadvertently discovered who was behind Pandora,” Sherlock says. “Sophy, I want to thank you for giving me the missing piece of information I needed. I may tell you myself after I’ve confirmed it.”
“We never truly know what another person thinks—what makes a person feel so low, that they only see death as the answer.”
John steadied himself, swallowing back the panic that threatened to overtake him. The two came to an abrupt stop on the floor near John’s feet. John kept his gun trained between Moran’s eyes.
“I have a repeating dream that I’m on a glass mountain, and people are throwing pickles at me. There’s nothing metaphorical in that.”
No one seems to have brought along anything for him. Not that kidnappers generally pack for you, but it this were Sherlock, he'd remember to send some clothes, wouldn't he? After a few days underway, some of the crew take pity and donate their extras.
‘the button’ to push? Sherlock, you never were the one to make the choice. If anyone, it would be that huge arsed Machiavellian brother of yours.”
kidnapped, even if not entirely as she was envisioning. But by the second day, she began to have suspicions. It was Geoff's fault. He should be better at lying. By the third day, she was only pretending to believe. A splendid piece of acting on her part, but it didn't take her much longer to drop the pretenses and confront me. She'd have made an excellent consulting detective."
“Innocent people died,” she pushes on. “I know you don’t care about that, but you would care that it affected your game. That is what you live for, isn’t it? The game?”
Be prepared for a ride in this chapter! Revised and revised and still should do more but I hated to wait any longer to post this. So, that said, sorry for any mistakes in this. I plan to go back in and fix them later today, but I wanted to post this for people anxious from the last chapter's cliffhanger.
“That’s what you came for. Go back to the dorm. I’m walking Mary back to hers.” John turned to Mary. “Ready?”
"You should be safely in the middle of the Pacific by now and nearing your destination. I know you're wondering why I've done this to you when there's so little time left before your wedding. John, you can't go through with it. I can't let you marry her. She's not what you think she is. In fact, she's a danger to you. I am sorry I had to take such drastic measures, but it was necessary. For now, that's all I can say. When you reach the island, I will tell you more."
At least John's head no longer pounds. He's just bone tired and weak as a bird from the blood loss and allergic reaction to the ray's venom. It's night when he wakes again to Sherlock lightly snoring in the wicker chair next to the bed. His eyes fly open, and Sherlock is once again at John's side.
Mike ignores John’s protests. “The safety presentations are Molly’s crusade. We had a good blood-borne video, but it’s pre-epidemic. Molls wrote up some stuff about Pandora because NHS hadn’t put together anything new. Now they have, but Molly says it’s shite so she still gives her own talk and doesn’t trust anybody except Sally Davies to do it for her.”
John instinctively reaches out and traces the length of his cock, over and over and over until Sherlock arches up, quivering. He reaches inside and squeezes his cock. It's long, hard and smooth. He watches Sherlock's eyes flutter as he comes, his spunk coating the inside of his shorts and John's hand.
He’s been researching and thinking for hours. Checking, rechecking his data. When John finally begins to stir, Sherlock stands up and starts the coffee.
The first conversation was short. Through the hiss and static, words echoed, but Mycroft said he would call back.
John grabs Rosie just before she climbs over the baby gate, and I’m right behind him. As I watch him kiss her cheek, I promise myself I will tell John my heart.
“If I did tease him to that extent, it’s common knowledge. You need something only a few might know. Someone who knew him well.”
“You okay, mate?” John asks. When he asks again and gets no reply, he becomes concerned that it’s some type of seizure. He did the same yesterday on the way home. He’s about to ask Mike to pull over when Will’s head turns.
“If you’re sure? I wouldn’t mind. I hope it doesn’t have to do with James. He mentioned something about knowing your roommate.”
Another lovely chapter that I owe much thanks to recently_folded for help (including John's injuries which she had me lessen the severity).
John doesn’t give me an answer. We finish with all the windows in our flat and Mrs. Hudson’s, too. First the windows and on to our morning walk in the park.
“Hmm. Sherlock seems to be adding to the collection.” John pulled out his Colt from his waistband and aimed at the man sprawled on the floor. His arms were bound to one leg, but his other leg was free.
“We’re going to the hill on the east end of the island,” Sherlock says. “That’s where you can see the archaeological evidence of a Saxon fort. We can picnic there if you’d like— right where the Vikings probably ate!” Unspoken is that’s not far from where the treasure chest is buried.
“I made a choice, John. You heard it. Not all of it. What she said to Mycroft just touched on it. Yes, I chose Pandora. If I would have known how devastating Pandora would become, I might have made a different choice, but I did not. It seemed the best option at the time. And I thought, deep inside, that Mycroft would make the final choice for me.”
Yes, John’s attractive. His blue eyes sparkle and when he talks. Will lingers on his every word. Mrs. Hudson seems to think Will and he might like sharing a bed. Maybe this would work after all. Sex doesn’t have include the heart.
But John soon figured out that the showers emptied late at night. Last night he’d grabbed his wash cloth and towel. Herbal Essence shampoo. His soap. Not Palmolive or Dove; he liked manly soap, Irish Spring. Nothing like that fancy-schmancy stuff Sherlock had (of course John would be allergic to the expensive stuff!). He took his shower thinking on all the wet, hot bodies that were in there earlier, beat off thinking about them...and that one night not long ago.
“Good.” John chuckles and bites his lip. He understands. “I want more than friendship. More than sex.” John sits up straight and squeezes Sherlock’s hand. “Please don’t hyperventilate, but I want a life with you.”
"No. John, I assure you, I have not. I'm not even certain where to buy it although I don't believe it would be that difficult. I did find it in that little town I stayed at before moving into the dorm."
"I have no choice," Mary says, voice echoing off the corridor walls. Her voice sounds hollow and distant, but it's his Mary. She's wearing a dress she bought on an outing with John. He recalls how she twirled around and around in it at Harrod's, and how the golden swallows on the dark blue print seemed to actually glide and dive as she spun. He recalls how he'd laughed and said, "Buy it."
After John leaves, he’s a mess of fidgets as he puts on his scrubs and old trainers. He’s so tense he has trouble tying his shoes. He abhors them— there’s a hole in one toe, and they’re not that clean, but it’s all he has. He looks up to see Sister Katherine with papers in her hand.
With his own hand around Sherlock’s wrist, John guided him down the hallway, and Sherlock willingly let him. Sherlock felt as if he was in a dream—an inferno of pleasure.
A big thank you from the bottom of our hearts to the artist, fuyuunoriyuu, who created a masterpiece of Sherlock (in the purple shirt of hotness), John (all sleepy in bed), and Blackbeard (being cute).
Our crazy guys finally come together hard and for good in this. There is one final chapter. The epilogue. In it you’ll get final importance of the key, as well as our beloved John and Sherlock.
“John Watson! He was there. Willing. He was convenient. I couldn’t remember what sex was like, so I found out. At least that part wasn’t disappointing. But he’s little man with little aspiration.”
Then he realizes. Until that moment it hadn’t occurred to him that John could be interested in him physically. That seems an odd oversight now that he's thinking about it — it's an obvious potential motivation for John inviting him to live here. From John’s response, Will’s not sure how John feels about it either way. Will's not sure how he feels about it either, but he's irritated at himself that his own perspective might have unscientifically limited his conclusions about John. It's reasonable that Will himself hasn't thought about sex in the last two months, considering he's spent that time trying not to die.
And the Winner is: Chriscalledmesweetie's Blackbeard (we included what you said about the name in the story).
John stops. "We?" He scratches his chin. It was time to think about shaving. "Really. You and Mycroft? Greg? "
He turns his attention to the app, turns it on. It looks direct and rather easy to navigate. He supposes he should have opened it to learn how the app functioned a bit before this. He puts his earbuds in and hears Sophy’s voice.
What Sherlock did not want to deduce was what the crusty tin pots and sticky cast iron pans had once contained. Most of them Sherlock refused to even touch. The cleanest he had scrubbed until his knuckles bled so that he could use them, but only after he’d scoured the sink with those hideous Brillo pads. And the yellowed terry cloth dish towels were literally stiff! He boiled them in the large kettle. At least that was clean.
.  Will is neither pacing or drawing — just standing still, hands stuck into his curls, staring at nothing in particular.
Beca takes the hint. “Don’t forget,” she says, “if you need anything, just press the call button.”  She stands and straightens her skirt before she leaves with a wave goodbye.
"I hate to tell you this, but Sherlock is the black sheep of the family. According to his brother, Mycroft Holmes, his family has had a time with him— with rehab and addiction. His cocaine addiction has troubled them deeply over the last few years. He also told me I was not the first person his little brother has been obsessed with. A young man named Victor Trevor. If you don't believe me, ask Mycroft next time he calls."
Will rolls his eyes."I slept, and just like I do every few nights, I had a dream that seemed important. It
But the comments I cringe at most are those about penis size. I intentionally never state in a story that one character has a larger penis than another. I don’t care who is bigger. Sherlock is a big man with big hands and feet. John can carry a tire iron in his pants and forget it's there. Not a contest. They are most likely both well endowed. Please, no more penis size comments. One comment ditched my writing process for days. How do other writers feel about this, I wonder?
“I feel as if I am in a bad action movie. Could you have at least procured a tank of piranhas that you could dangle me over.
"You need to get your hands warm. Here," Sherlock said. He removed his hands from my back and held my hands in his, warming them. He gently tugged them between us in an effort to keep them warm—or so I thought. But he pulled them lower and lower still, until they came to rest on Sherlock's...cock.
I gulp back my own panic and squeeze his hand back with excitement. “I would be amenable, but it is unnecessary. We received a substantial bonus from the Wolfe case that we have never touched will more than cover the costs.”
John stretches his legs out on the bed. Kicking the quilt aside, he twirls the cords in his hands, then begins practicing tying knots. He finishes a bowline and tests it, snapping the cord tight.
. What does that even mean? Sounds threatening. Most likely one of Sherlock's bloody cryptic messages that he's supposed to figure out how to decode. He's not allowed on deck even though a heavy ocean swell pitches the ship and he's not convinced it won't capsize. He's seasick beyond caring that he'd drown. In fact, he's pretty sure that it would be a relief.
“Thus the rooms,” William says. “And weapon used. Hmm. Therefore these are the suspects, I believe.”
"I see. He's told you—or his version." One long step and he stood looking down at John at the desk. His eyes uncanny, or just creepy. They left John chilled.
At the top, a staggering swell of emotion envelops me. I feel like a Victorian maiden swooning. I see now why Eurus shut herself off from the world. The emotion overrides all. It’s a churning heat that ignites in my core. It’s a fire I don’t want to put out. So different than drowning. That’s its agonizing absence. It’d rather have this wash of feeling. Here he is, his arm around me, so close but so far. I have John, but I do not have him.
Adler laughs. One of them grabs him under his arms and begins to push and shove him into the backseat of the sedan, and John pushes and shoves back. It's a scene that gains the attention of the few people on the street. John's hoping he might get help, but he's losing ground. He's beginning to feel groggy and nauseated when they manage to push him down into the seat and drive off. He rewards their efforts by spewing coffee and danish onto the carpet.
“I see you tried reading some of mine.” John nods to his collection. He’s done with breakfast and clearing off the table. Sherlock stands and helps.
As he walked back out to his car, Sherlock whirled the pen in one hand as he dug deep into his front jeans pocket for his keys with the other.He unlocked his car door, but before he got inside he noticed that, not two cars over, the man who'd written the note was still there, sitting inside his car. Although Sherlock still couldn't make out his face, he could tell the man was cursing under his breath. From the way he was rubbing his head, he'd obviously hit it getting into his car. Sherlock watched silently as the man sat for a good ten minutes, hands white-knuckled on the steering wheel.
I can say so much about the process and the decision to have BAMF John top from the bottom in this story, but it all comes from what I’d rather spend my last words on: the playground as a metaphor.
I asked Dr. Bellin if she could station a guard by the entrance, she went all corporate on me and told me, "John, campus security is a shared resource with six other institutions in the city. We use them to guard our vital functions, and for us that's our people, our patients, and our key supplies. The staff's coats don't make the cut. We've reported the thefts, the boys are already on alert for intruders. How else do you suggest we solve this?"
When John gasped and his hips jerked sporadically, Sherlock's hips hitched as his cock spurted into his hand. He'd made a bit of a mess of himself. He should change the sheets. Instead, he rolled away from the wet spot and went to sleep.
Sherlock opens his eyes almost as wide as his mouth. "Oh, John!" he sings out in a mock-falsetto voice. "Your knot is sooo big. Will it fit?" He smirks as he points his spoon at where the cords are connected.
Before they'd actually had sex, all he wanted was to bend Sherlock over give it to him. Well, now that he'd had actual sex with Sherlock, he wanted it again. And again. And again.
I'd seen one too many bloody ax-in-the-head costumes already today. The old manor in the distance definitely helped to set the spooky mood. It reminded me a Dean Koontz book cover. I asked Sherlock where we were, and he gave me an eyeroll with his shrug.
Sherlock's hands fumble for John's hands as his orgasm swells over him. Finding them, he twists their fingers together, his weight joined in their hands. A moment more, John feels his own body come apart in slow, sweet spasms.
They put him in a patched and oil-stained inflatable dinghy and, with old, broken slats of wood from a loading pallet, paddle him toward what looks to be the classical greeting-card tropical island covered in palm trees and white sand beaches. It's exactly the type of place Sherlock would pick given his love of pirates. John takes a long look into the water at the colorful fish and coral beneath them.
"For what it's worth,” John says. “He can't tell me how he figured out the murder, and he claims he has no idea who he is." John realizes Lestrade was watching his response and schools his face to friendly-professional blankness. "Is that what he told you?"
I did tell John what this man, James Moriarty said to me: "I am well aware of who and what you are, and why you've never been bonded. You are, Sherlock Holmes. You're valuable. Very valuable. In the end, you will be mine."
Anthea gives them time alone together. This woman, who calls herself Sherlock’s mum, looks like him. She’s a mathematician. Retired professor. His father, also a professor, but of literature. She tells John, he passed away during the epidemic. Her simple yet elegant dress expresses her childlike love of colour. She wears no jewelry. Her white hair is cut short and curls the same haphazard way as Sherlock’s. The home is what he thought it’d be, aristocratic, but not overstated but with splashes of colour like her dress. Antiques mixed with modern done tastefully with more of an eye for comfort than show. What does surprise John is how warm and homey it feels. A colorful Durham quilt is balled up in a wingback chair near the fireplace, which tells John it’s her favored spot. Although Mrs. Holmes has that same aloof manner, beneath there is the same heart. Hers is of a caring mum. When she speaks of her sons, her eyes water a bit, and love aches behind every word.
“I’m not sorry. Not at all. But I almost lost you because of that stunt. No more stunts. I know it all. You tell me. Immediately. As for how much I care about you, I’m glad you said it then. I wanted to know that it’s true, because it’s true for me as well. But you already know that.”
She pushes him back at arm’s length, her keen-blue eyes taking in her son from snow-covered feet to disheveled hair. “Is that a tear?” she asks.
Some quick cleaning had been done: floor swept and tables dusted. Mycroft’s men guard the back and the outside of the front entrance. Mycroft pulls out a seat but remains standing.
And this note to me? She observed my problem: how to give me what I locked away. She is a Holmes. Like myself and Mycroft, she must solve and resolve.
He asked Sherlock to dinner that night. Sherlock agreed. Finally, he'd thought, someone like-minded. He let Sherlock pick the time and place.
John swallows hard, fighting back tears. Sherlock remembers all of what they’ve been together. John inviting him to be part of his life. Sitting in the flat, reading on the couch warmed by the fire. Sharing breakfasts.
“I’m sorry, neither of them are coming in today—meetings of some sort to attend. Anything you’d like me to pass on?”
"Yes, a dog. A murdered dog. Robbed of the best years of his life. Really, John, you should be more empathetic. They've lost a close and cherished member of their family."
I do lose consciousness, but before light and dark overtake me, I am beset with memories. They begin with the day I learned about Dr. John Watson and his family. I’m walking on our family estate next to my father along a meandering stone path lined with bright pockets of flowers and deep green lawns.
John thought. The chlorine was thick in the air, making his nose and eyes burn. Sherlock stood between the bleachers and the pool with Moriarty. Sherlock’s eyes widened the second he spotted John.
“Mummy read to me often, but in the vein of fairy tales, nursery rhymes, Beatrix Potter and such. It was Mycroft who read the adventure books I loved most.”
“I'm sorry to have to tell you all this. I only hope that it's not too late, and he hasn't turned his obsession on you."
“Another one of the murder victims came in. Same as before. Strangled. Will says a woman did this. Small hands? So sexist! Men have small hands. And no nails.”
"Um...Otter Valley." John squirms under him and twists his body trying to get free, yet not enough to throw Sherlock off.
He feels as if he’s a commoner all tangled in heap of limbs under Sherlock. Even with sweat on Sherlock’s brow and flushed cheeks, the man is majestic.
John barks out a laugh on the other side of the door. “Maybe,” John says, stepping inside. “But you’re safe here, unless talking you to death counts.”
It's beyond John how Sherlock can hold the thermos, push through the deep foliage, and be dripping in sweat yet look so...hot? Sexy? John shook his head. The tropical heat must be making him horny.
Sherlock’s fist still had hold of John’s shirt. With a whisper of a touch, a hint of a breath, his lips brushed against Sherlock's. Sherlock didn't mind at all; John minded even less. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, effectively pulling him into his lap.
As usual, Mycroft chooses not to address the crux of John’s point along with the man in the batsuit. Instead he looks pointedly at John. “I assure you,” he says, “our sister’s condition is not an act. She could not have possibly written the note recently.”
“Forever talking in circles and pretending to save the free world. The key is a metaphor. Or not?” Sherlock notices something peculiar, as Sophy turns from Mycroft, some of the red dots on Mycroft have disappeared then reappear. “What a bother. No key? I guess you’ll have to kill him then,” Sherlock says to Sophy and gives an exaggerated sigh.
“He was a 13th Century Norman pirate referred to by the locals as The Night Hawk. His real name was Alfredo De Marisco. His lookout post was on the hill on other side of the island.”
They don’t go far. In fact, they stand no more than three feet from John’s gurney, discussing Mycroft.
I admit that I played around with this chapter after hotshoeagain edited it, so any errors are mine!
I borrowed Mike’s car to help move him in. We had a bit of excitement on the way home when I took this wrong turn, but all went well in the end.
John heard the concern in his voice. He almost believed, but he recalled another person just as convincing. He'd seen his own father swear that he never took the money from his mother’s purse. John would have believed him, too, if he hadn't seen his father take the money with his own eyes.
“He’s not a witness. He never worked for the pharmaceutical company,” Sherlock says, spinning around. “She killed him here, in this place, to make a point. To me. To the victim. She knew I would know.”
Sherlock looked into John’s eyes. “I told you we should have let them freeze to death,” Sherlock grumbled. “I never should have released his foot from the trap.”
A small smile plays on John’s lips. “You were about to begin your deduction. I’d like to hear it, and I bet Batman would, too.”
“He was there in the room with me. I could smell him. It was the offending alpha. The one who blackmailed my family. Not any usual alpha either. Small. Dressed in a bespoke suit. The last time I saw anyone dressed that posh was before the Upheaval. I had to admit, the suit was nice. Not something I'd choose, or Mycroft. But it oozed money. The alpha even had a pink-silk handkerchief in his pocket that matched his shirt.”
John’s heart races. His sister and Sophy killed Sherlock’s dog?! My god. No wonder Sherlock blocked it. John tries to see Sherlock’s reaction, but he’s half hidden from John’s eyesight beside Greg.
Shouldn't he feel more loss of his and Mary's relationship? He was going to marry her. He's angry, furious inside, yet as the ocean breeze ruffles through his hair and his feet sink in the sand next to Sherlock's at the edge of the airstrip, he finds himself letting go and doesn't care.
Sherlock hesitates. John knows the look well. It's a Sherlock not sure if he's ready to tell him the truth. He seems to struggle with himself for a few moments. "Recently. A few weeks. I had a relapse. Of course you realize it." He sighs. "I knew I wouldn't be able to hide it from you. That's another reason why..."
“What’s not ordinary,” Sherlock says, “is that there is an intact glasshouse that’s in the center of the block, hidden away and protected. It holds all sorts of exotic flowers and attracts bees.”
His shoes are useless here. They're filled with sand and soon, so are his socks. Taking off his shoes isn't the solution. The sand is hot. Only burying his feet in the sand brings relief. He puts his shoes back on without his socks and suffers the sand although it weights him down and makes his toes feel as though they are encased in concrete.
The estate in front of him may be large, but it’s not stiff or stuffy. Sherlock’s family home looks comfortable and loved. As they climb the steps, John notes how festive it feels— even the winter wind welcomes their faces. He hasn’t felt this kind of holiday spirit since…
Before disappearing into the darkness, Moran motioned for John to sit in the vacated chair against the wall. Then he was out the door and into the howling storm. They were alone with Moriarty and Mary. Two against two, and Mary wasn’t moving much.
“So right, Dr. Watson! Maybe he is good for something besides being a crack shot and personal physician. You may keep him little brother.” He raises his eyebrows suggestively.
He held Sherlock’s hand in his, then opened it gently. Sherlock wished he could enjoy the moment more, but his hand felt like he’d just set it on fire.
“One key among many, but the most costly. Sophy screamed for me to send the text to Mycroft. Moriarty’s men were livid at her, but she wanted me to blow us to Hell. I did not. The result was a pandemic.”
Mary inched forward in her seat. Despite the exaggerated sniffling during the film, her eyes were suspiciously dry. No doubt a ploy to snuggle closer to John.
He was living with a man who had a serial killer infatuated with him. That should bother him, but he found it really didn't. What
John clears his throat and grimaces. It is, he supposes. Most is about what happens at hospital. Often mundane entries. Memories of what he did day to day with Mary and Rosie. He suddenly doesn’t understand why he was so worried. It’s not like Will can’t just look at him and decipher what he wants to know.
“You’re the one who left, dear,” she answers, yawning. “He’s out and having one too many pints, I expect, drowning his sorrows. You shouldn’t be surprised that he’s ignoring your texts, moving out the way you did. But it's nothing you two can’t work out— I’ve seen how you boys are together, thick as thieves. Always best to kiss and make up. Never go to bed angry— that’s what I always say. Of course you need to come home to do that.”
Sherlock's hands slide down John's chest, to his navel and lower. John holds his breath. He's touching him. Finally, really touching him.
“The killer didn’t wear gloves?” John asks, thinking that would be the easiest way to administer it.
He eats another stale crisp and tries a couple pieces of the bland pilot bread, then seals them back up before setting out to explore more. To starboard there is an enclosed head with a shower pan, hanging locker, and sink with hand pump.
As I go under, I hold my breath, but the water still burns my sinuses. I decide that now is  the time to kick. I use all my strength and what I know about force and motion to free them from the cement anchor. Time slows. It’s yellow. All yellow. I kick and kick. My socks and shoes slip but my ankles hold. My plans to strip off my trousers goes immediately awry as my Belstaff gets in the way as my hands grapple in the yellow of the water. I keep myself from panicking. My coat is half off and wrapping around me in my struggles when the world turns amber. My lungs burn and ache for air. breath, but the urge to breathe increases exponentially. I kick with all my strength. I feel the snap and grind as my ankle breaks. I take in a lungful of the Thames, but I don’t give in. My legs are free!
John decides the best way to get Sherlock to explain is to state the opposite. “There is no compromise,” John says.
Sherlock’s heart nearly stops when he sees someone behind her being dragged across the floor by two me, his head bowed.  Sherlock makes certain his own face doesn’t betray him.
It aches and feels good all at once. He’s only done this a few times in his life. Much was a blur and none ever mattered. Maybe that was part of his panic— that this was finally it. What he’d never had, and never thought he’d ever want until John.
Sherlock pulled into the parking lot. Only two cars and a truck. It would be tonight. Tonight. If he did this, maybe the itch would go away. Maybe if he really did this, it would stop him from being…whatever he was now, and he could just forget about it and go on and start a new life in college. That's why he'd left London. To get away from his family. Himself. Go to some large American university. U of M. He was thousands of miles way from home and in the middle of nowhere at a mosquito-ridden hovel of a rest stop. Nobody would recognize him. Nobody would know him.
It also looks as if it will be up to John to wait to divulge the real plan to Greg later, in private.  John hopes that Lestrade will be in a forgiving mood after.
Snow began to blow down and around so fast and furiously that Sherlock could hardly see two feet in front of him. It was nothing like what he’d experienced in London. Yes, the wind howled and the snow came down in blankets, but not with this ferocity. He’d heard of blizzards in the states with drifts that buried autos.
"Wait," I said. I shivered and gritted my teeth. "You already knew what happened to the dog, didn't you? "
“Effective way to incapacitate an opponent. Along with your intelligence and alchemy skills, even when in the throes of heat, it’s hard to envision anyone getting the drop on you.”
One push and John's body yields. He hears Sherlock gasp. John groans, his fingernails dig into the sheets.
I can just see through the slats of the dock as Norbury drags himself closer to me. HIs blood trickles through the dock. I see his face as he reaches near the edge—I see the determination set in his jaw. He sees mine. And he grins as he pushes the bucket loose from the plank. As it rolls loose, I hear John’s feet slapping against the floor. Norbury raises his gun, and smashes the butt down on my fingers.
He bought the Pastrami Special and walked straight home, watching his back, expecting to be followed. He wondered if this paranoia was deserved or not.
At last at the end of the day, he returns to a darkened room. Mr. Hawkins’ eyes are shut as John softly enters.
He scrambles through, his ankle screaming at him, then hobbles his way silently through the downstairs avoiding the man with the lonely border collie, until he finds what he’s looking for— an office. A desk. More files. He looks through them. All belong to the previous owner. He goes to the old Dell desktop that’s hardlined. He fires it up and takes a seat, the screen illuminating his face. No need to guess the password. He logs on in safe mode, and creates a new admin password for himself, and he’s in.
They are the beginning a ceremony. Merlin steps next to Magnus, who raises his hands above his head. I hide behind an enormous stalagmite.
“I love you,” Sherlock breathes out. “I fucking love you, John Watson.” He pulls out and flips John over so that they're facing.
He feels at times that someone is watching. He wonders if it's Sherlock waiting—for what he doesn't know. He was to be married soon. It may even be today, he thinks. Why isn't Sherlock here? John needs answers. He could be staying in one of the bungalows on the island. John's checked around them. They are locked tight with no sign of anyone being around, though. All but the largest one near the boat look like no one has used them for some time.
Sherlock’s long fingers dig around the chest, then pull the chest out of the sand and set it between them. The wood has blackened, iron bands rusted, the small padlock hangs with sand in its keyhole.
Alone with her new husband on a tiny Pacific atoll, a young woman combs the beach and finds an odd aluminum container washed up on the lagoon, something glitters in the sand. A gold tooth in a scorched human skull.
John can't imagine the Mary he knows sailing to some deserted island armed to wait in ambush for them. First of all, if she is really that good, they'd never hear her coming. Unless someone is distracting them so she can pick them off. It doesn't really come together in his mind: his Mary, a sniper in hiding behind some trees.
“You retrieved most of them without opening it.” John sighs, then sits up straight. John loves him. Accepts him.
John laughs as he pats Mike on the back. He wonders about the wankers in the world. It seems to him that Pandora took the kindest people and left most of the tossers like him alive. He’s had many a disagreement with his peers about the epidemic’s cause— he doesn’t want another argument now, not when John’s shift was about to start.
“Nothing to be shy about,” John says, lifting his snifter to Mycroft. “As a child, my own mum dressed me in embarrassing outfits too. One even included bunny ears.”
.” John turns from Sherlock, ignoring his own pain and kneels down next to Sophy. He puts pressure on her chest, and she manages a strangled laugh, blood bubbling up from her lips.
On his heels, he spun forty-five degrees, the gun steady in his hand. He raised an eyebrow as he pointed the gun at Moran’s head.
“John!” he gasps. “I had an incredible dream! Mycroft was there. We were on board a ship together, and we were hiding in apple barrels just like Jim Hawkins! I overheard plans to mutiny the Hispaniola and get Captain Flint’s treasure! I think my subconscious might be telling me something.”
The cab stops, and they climb out into the three fresh inches that blanket the ground. The cabbie helps them with the bags from the boot. It’s almost a shame, John thinks, to leave footprints in the pristine snow.
Take out it was. The prices here were reasonable—at least that was what Molly had said. While Sherlock did tend to forget to eat, he never forgot to pay John back.
This is it. I anguish over ending stories. It’s difficult to end something you’ve grown to love. I find it hard to let go, like a child you don’t want to grow up and move out of the house.
.’ You should at least speak to Bellin. Smooth over things. After all, we don’t know who this man really is: He’s smart enough to pose as a doctor and solve a crime.”
John didn't mind picking up food now and then for his roommate. Sure, peanut butter and jelly was cheaper, but they couldn't live on that. And Sherlock “detested” Wonder Bread and “those slices of over-processed food you call American cheese.”
"Captain Watson, please refrain from telling me what I should or shouldn't do. Must I gag you too?" As he admires John spread before him, he rubs his chin in thought. He leans down and begins to sniff and lick, starting between his thighs at his scrotum. He pushes John's legs farther apart and props his bum up with a pillow. With the tip of his tongue, he teases John's pucker. Quickly reduced to whimpers and moans, John melts into the mattress.
He decides either way— with these two or with Helena— he’ll be far from John, and John and everyone else will be safe from him and these people who are after him.
was the protagonist. The man in another man’s body.” James flashed Sherlock a wicked grin. “I do enjoy that idea. But a do-gooder?” James said with distaste.
“You think if she sees you making Greg’s life miserable and putting Cardiff Central Station into massive turmoil, she will see that as a sign.”
Sherlock places both of his hands on the chest and picks it up. He sets it back where they found, pushing the sand back over the top of the chest.
“Maybe,” John yawns and pulls the quilt over his head. “Go back to sleep and maybe the answer will come to you.”
Then there were the murders, and how he was pulled into it all. Almost planned—  as if someone wanted the detective’s attention. And he
“Tut, tut, tut! Seb told you to stick to the script,” James taunted John. “But you hardly need an answer. You can see with your own eyes. You know why, and what I’ve asked him to do. If you’ve got something to say to him Johnny-boy, go ahead. You don’t have much time.”
William takes a deep breath. He wants to tell John to please keep his eyes on the road, but John is interested in what he’s saying, so he forges ahead: “For example, often there are hairs not matching those of the subject. I recognized immediately if they belonged to the subject and if they were human or not! I know dog from cat and breed distinctions. I observed other fibers. I know what and where they originated. Even the dirt on shoes, I could say where they’d been recently! It's not magic— it's science, comparing data from the subject against a catalog of prior observations." He looks out the windscreen. "I am not sure how I came to know such information, but I have it. In here along with all scientific terminology paired with it,” he said and tapped his head. "It could all be made up. Except people seem to think my conclusions are correct enough to get upset about them."
As John moves his piece around the board, Will looks at the ring John still wears. “You were married. As for the rest of your family, evidence is on the mantel and around the room.” He nods to family photo his wife, daughter and what looks to be his sister. “Wife Mary, daughter Rosie, and Muttonpie.”
“Just now and today in the car, I noticed you were staring off in space. It’s like you’re not here.”
“You are the same in all the ways that matter. I’ve always loved you, all of you, but it’s your light I love most.”
who she is. The gardener’s cottage. A little girl who played Treasure Island with them. She was Ben Gunn! Skully Island.
This simply can not happen. Rosie lives here with us. Lunatics are no longer allowed in our flat. Especially lunatics dressed in black tights, hood, and cape.
"College is about learning who and what you are. I as well as anyone understand the temptations which come from freedom. There is fun to be had, but one must temper what one calls a 'good time' with study. I trust you understand the difference."
Our captive’s mouth opens and shuts. He looks more like a fish out of water gasping for breath than a bat. Or a kitty. I continue.
John slowed to let Molly catch up. He had to walk past the Chemistry building to get back to Baker Hall anyway.
“Again? But you’ve missed our last one. Oh!” Suddenly it all falls into place. He’s misread again. “That’s who you’ve been spending your date night time with. You’ve been seeing...”
Cryptic is exactly how John feels following this mad man. “You really need to let me know what’s happening.”
“I was pretty surprised you talked her out of alerting the police that we’d found our friend here,” Mike says.
“How does it feel, having the little brother you wanted to save betray you, that he chose all this? That Sherlock caused Pandora and all your pain? It feels exquisite to me.”
