Cas smiled, and took the neckline of Dean's lace corset between two fingers. "I can see that. You wear my colors."
that." Jimmy sounded surprised, and pleased. He started to pay attention to the head of Dean's cock with the pad of his thumb. "Again?"
Okay, this wasn't helping. Dean needed to be able to talk. Cas had said something about water? There.
Dean was smiling, couldn't have stopped if he tried. "Don't usually do this feelings thing. I mean, I try not to. It's not usually worth it. But this right here," Dean held Cas a little closer, and kissed the absolute mess that they had made of Jimmy's hair. "Worth it. And I’d say that I want to stay like this forever or some other chick flick thing, but I really need to move my leg."
"It's not that I don't trust you,” he said, finally. “It’s just - me I don’t trust so much." Dean took his eyes off the road long enough to glance at Cas. "And is this you asking for permission now, or is this you asking if you
Cas made a noise that could have been a scoff, or a laugh."If you must do something for my former superior, please include all the
Jimmy was breathing hard, sitting with hands on his knees. Cas was placid and unreadable and strange. Dean watched, as their eyes flicked to something in the distance. He felt small. He didn’t know what they were looking at. He was shivering. Jimmy and Cas weren’t.
Dean just held him like that for a minute, before pulling away enough to rest their foreheads together. "Don't ever change."
"Yeah, but we're into it." Dean was pretty sure Cassie or Ash wouldn’t have been nearly so cool about the whole Cas thing. "You know, it's nice to have a boyfriend who also loves Cas as much as I do. Too bad you can't stay here while he goes on a supply run."
“That's the thing. Most of the time, my dick is dead to the world while I'm awake. That I can live with. But this? It’s so much worse. I thought I could - I was making some new memories to block out the old ones. Had that
"You are so good for me,” Cas continued, “and so good for my vessel, in this moment, as you respond so unguarded and open. Our good boy."
Something about the lingerie made him feel even more naked than if he weren't wearing anything at all.
He raised an arm that felt like it weighed twice as much as normal and managed to pull Cas closer. "Should be scared of this. I'm not." His speech was less slurred, he wasn't as dizzy, but he still felt warmth pooling in his arms and legs. The muscles of his thighs felt like they had been soaking in a hot tub for hours. Completely relaxed in a way he didn't think - he had ever been before.
Then stroked himself, once, with even more lube. He put a hand on Dean's arm for balance, lined himself up, and began to sink into him.
Dean started crying again - before struggling to get free, of the blanket, of Cas’ arms. He vomited into the toilet. Cas flicked the bathroom lightswitch, and normal yellow light filled the corners of the bathroom instead of his own eerie silver. Dean wiped his mouth on a piece of toilet paper, flushed it along with the rest of the mess. Without looking at Cas, he walked over to the sink and started trying to rinse the taste out of his mouth.
His fingers curled underneath Dean's thigh, thumb drawing light circles into the skin. Dean noticed his body was still a little tense, so stretched his arms and rolled his neck. A slow, gyrating movement. A cross between checking the range of motion in every one of his joints and a slow-motion dance. Not a good dance. More of a happy wiggle. Like burrowing into a blanket. A lion who, for the moment, was super high on catnip.
"You gotta know. I'm not some cool BDSM daddy. Or the light at the end of the tunnel. Or even all that good a person."
"Zachariah showed up, mindfucked me and tried to get me to let an angel inside me. I said no, he got mad and was going to send me to 2014 again, but Cas bamfed me out of there like... well a BAMF. I kissed him because he wasn't high and throwing orgies and Jimmy wasn't screaming and I wasn't thinking. I ask him to take us somewhere so we can talk. We do a lot more than talk. I fuck him. I get fucked over. That's the Cliff Notes. You already know about the part where he fucking left me to go rob a convenience store to try and like... buy my loyalty. And then he tried to act like he cared or something and I quit. If you want to keep hunting, that's fine. I'll help, but otherwise, I'm done. Bobby doesn't use the second floor of his house anymore. We can move in with him. Hey, we might even be able to have separate bedrooms!"
"I'm sorry Cas is an idiot." Jimmy coaxed Dean down to the floor, cocooning him in blankets, drying him off and warming him up. Then he tipped his own head onto Dean's shoulder.
Jimmy kissed his forehead. “I like you too. He will have to know though. It’s not that I wouldn’t keep it secret, so much as I can’t.”
Cas came back down to the bed and stroked over Dean's hot erection with a handful of lube, one that made everything silky and slidey and cool.
"Come on. You have been nothing but good luck since day one. I just, uh." Jimmy squirmed against Dean's chest a little. "I don't want to make being an angelic vessel sound too great. You might - get ideas."
As much as Dean enjoyed that mental image, he made himself focus on the important parts. “It’s the closest I’ll get to having you both at the same time, when we’re awake.”
"Are the... ah, well. The orgasms. Are they different? Like if you suck my cock, I mean..." Jimmy was red again. "If you fuck me when I'm not hard? Does that work?"
didn't want to talk about this. It shouldn't be this hard to figure out what was going to trigger him and what wasn't. He wished there was a blanket or something he could hide under, but settled for the next best thing, and grabbed a pillow to hide his face. He felt like crying, which was
And then Jimmy was coming, coming into his mouth, and Dean could taste him, salty, and the hand on his shoulder was gripping so hard it was painful.
“Not if I killed them first.” Dean was dead serious. “No one touches either of you unless you want them to, ever. That includes me."
He adjusted the rearview mirror slightly before returning his hands to the steering wheel. He did send a slightly wistful glance in Cas' direction, but it wasn't worth it. Maybe someday they'd be on a long empty stretch of road in the middle of nowhere, and he could reach over, tease Cas with one hand and drive with the other. Keep him on edge for miles. But not today.
Dean wanted to argue that, and was about to. But Sam had a point. Dean hated it but that didn't make anything he said less true. "You're gonna make me say it?" he said, somewhere between hurt and downright snippy. "It’s me. Being bad at relationships. Hell screwed me up, okay? I'm trying, but maybe that was a dumb idea." He crossed his arms protectively over his chest, and leaned against the edge of the desk.
The scream faded into horrible wracking sobs as he shook. Snot dripped down his face. Dean wiped his nose.
There was something unbelievably sexy about that. Dean still didn't understand how it worked exactly, but he imagined his lovers' souls brushing against each other as Jimmy moved out of the way to make room for Cas. He made a mental note to incorporate that into the bedroom at some point. "Jimmy says you had fun last night,” he said. “But I'd kinda like to hear it from you."
Dean couldn't really make sense of that, but it sounded nice. Everything felt so wonderfully simple.
Cas kissed his throat. "My vessel is overwhelmingly compelled by the image of your lips around my cock. It is possible we could reward him.”
"Want to take care of you. Want to keep you safe. You keep me safe. I like being the one worth rescuing... love..." That last part was supposed to be an 'I love you' but Dean was mumbling.
Jimmy swallowed. "Dean you're… doing good. Last time this happened you didn't know who I was. It was bad - "
"Castiel would like to check on you," he said. "He's being really good about staying at arm's length. But he'd like to know you're okay."
"Cas. I think… I kind of liked having you think for me a little? I don't need exact directions but maybe… I'm just thinking out loud here - I don't want Jimmy to feel left out - I want to make both of you feel good..."
," Dean gestured between the two of them "right now. Just tell me and I will." Dean paused, waiting for some sign he had permission to continue.
Cas got an arm around Dean's waist, and dragged his stool closer. Dean had a feeling they were going to need to have a series of very complicated, context specific talks about personal space. Somewhere Sam wouldn't have to overhear. So far things were fine, but now that the rules had changed... it wasn't fair to just expect Cas to guess.
Dean couldn’t help it. He squeezed Cas into a hug. Probably too tight, but he didn’t have to worry about squishing a literally indestructible being. Castiel stayed still.
Jimmy had slipped in a second slim finger, and was going deeper, shifting millimeter by millimeter, looking for something. Then Cas' hand was there, on Jimmy's wrist, mapping out the area, seeing where things were in relation to each other, guiding -
What Cas lacked in experience he made up for in creativity. He knew the pathways of every last nerve in Dean's body, and Dean hadn't fully appreciated what that
Dean thought about making a joke, decided against it. "Does that mean we got to sleep with you in the middle?” Multidimensional cuddling.
"What's it like to be normal? Not going to trade the family I got for anything. But sometimes I wonder, you know?" Dean was still shaking.
"I don't know about your pretty lips saying things like that," said Jimmy, from above. "What if you sucked Cas for a while. Wouldn't have to worry about talking."
fast. Jimmy kissed him back like he was trying to win a prize, like he was trying to distract Dean from noticing his buddies were stealing a car across the street. He let up on the shoulder, and slowly drew a line from the waistband of Dean’s jeans
Like. Sure Cas had been dead before, splattered across the walls of Chuck’s house like sick modern art. That had been bad, but at least he’d gone out fighting. This time... Dean had watched him die in that bleak, bombed out future Zachariah sent him to, where Lucifer was wearing Sam’s body, and Dean had turned cruel. The sort of person who sent Cas to his death casually. For nothing. For a distraction.
Cas slowly climbed into the middle of the giant bed and knelt down, putting a knee on either side of Dean's thighs. He was still wearing the trenchcoat.
. He wasn't even upset. He was mad at himself. Cas had been upset because he thought Dean was afraid of him, and now Dean had to go and make that
body as much as you want.” Dean gave Cas a peck on the cheek before half-turning to include Ketch in the conversation. “Right, brainstorming. Suggestions open. We’ve gotta do better than ass-juice."
by you." The quiet intensity in his voice made it clear this wasn’t dirty talk. "It feels like I left a piece of me back in Hell, and I want it back."
Cas smiled, and leaned in to kiss Dean properly. Dean returned the kiss, stomach and thighs tensing as the bulge at the base of Cas' cock pressed against great places inside him. Cas pushed Dean's hair out of his face, and there was just so much unmissable, undisguised devotion in those eyes.
"Can't." The shaking was back. "Can't fix this. Not that simple." He was okay. This could be okay. He could be okay.
“Hold on. I’ve got an idea,” Dean grabbed a pillow for his knees and dropped it off the side of the bed, before moving Jimmy’s legs onto his shoulders. Jimmy laughed, which seemed to be how he always responded to Dean manhandling him.
He needed both of them. Cas to keep him safe from the world, and Jimmy to keep him safe from himself.
Dean was trying to figure out if this was Cas’ version of dirty talk. He had to know that "know" didn't exactly mean "know" when they said it in the Bible, right? But it was really hard to tell, and in case it wasn’t dirty talk - Dean didn't want to make him self-conscious.
“Hey, uh, can I say a thing real fast? It's a break-the-mood thing, but I think if I just say it then it'll be out of my system, and I'll be able to focus one hundred percent on you?"
And yeah, Cas had been around a long time. He’d probably seen all kinds of horrible stuff. But Jimmy... Dean tried to keep his breathing even and his voice steady. “Jimmy. I’m sorry. I know you wouldn’t hurt me." Sitting up, he pulled the guy into his arms. "I want this. I want you. I just... I didn't get to say no, back then. You're right. We need a safeword."
If he could joke about this, he would be okay. Dean repeated that same motion he’d made earlier with his fingers.
Jimmy took Dean's weight against his chest. One hand found its way back to his inner thigh. "Honestly, I'm sort of flattered you meant me. I thought you meant Cas. I've never been called 'Daddy' as a sexy thing before." Unexpectedly, he moved and no longer supported, Dean tipped back.
Looking like he'd been given some kind of rare and precious gift (and if you asked him, he had) Dean brought his right hand up to cradle Castiel's balls. With his left, he lightly ran two fingers up the length of the shaft from base to tip, and when he swirled over the head he made good use of the precome gathered there.
Jimmy gently pulled his arm away. "Yesterday. You couldn't stand to have Cas kiss your thighs. And you couldn't tell us why."
"Sammy?" Dean hoped he didn’t sound as scared as he felt. "You went to school in California, right?"
He focused. "Okay. Hold still, and pay attention." He clenched and released his muscles a few times, watching Cas' face. The idea here was to avoid
Dean tried to pat down the mess that was Jimmy's hair but just made it worse. The guy looked like he’d been sleeping in his clothes. Like Dean looked after he’d driven through the night for a week.
The Oreo tower was putting the tower of Babel to shame and very nearly suffered the same fate before Dean decided to stop. On second thought, he decided there might actually be such a thing as too much Oreo stuffing, and split his frankencookie in half. He held one out to Cas. "Hey, want one?”
Jimmy blushed for a second, happily - then did a nervous clenching thing with his fingers. "It’s, ah. It’s not
He reached over, curious, to poke at the discarded holster, with the crown of his head almost touching Dean.
There was a chance this backfired and he lost what they'd built. But the only other option was not trying at all.
Jimmy thrust into him. "This is all for you, kitten," he said. The words seemed to be helping his rhythm. "You were made for this."
Dean could tell that Sam was trying not to laugh, but Jimmy probably had no idea. He was warily turning towards Sam, like he was angling for a handshake when Sam made quick eye contact with Dean - and pulled Jimmy into a back-slapping hug.
Dean tried to raise his hand, and stopped. "It goes away if I move now. Can I…" He closed his eyes and just breathed deeply. He wasn't sure how long it was before he realized... he didn't finish what he was saying "...stay. Feels so good right now. Don't stop."
Dean let out an involuntary moan. "Fuck Jimmy, that's hot. We are... definitely going to come back to that at some point."
"Fuck yes. I meant, you could fuck his true form while I do it the old fashioned way, but that works too."
Dean stopped teasing and used two fingers to lightly trace the curvature of each shoulder blade. His touch was more substantial now, but not by much. Jimmy rolled up against his body, and one of his thighs dropped between Dean's legs. He made a soft cry, found Dean's mouth again.
"Hey babe." Dean shifted to support more of their weight. He was never 100% sure when they switched, but didn’t want to let them know that.
Jimmy was looking over at Cas, and maybe it was the leveled-up version of watching yourself having sex in a mirror, because he seemed to really like looking at himself half-pinned under Dean. He held out a hand and Cas took it, slowly sucking on Jimmy’s fingers before laying a kiss on his palm. Then Cas' hands went to hold Dean's hips in place, Jimmy's hand sneaking down to cup his balls. Then he paused, and laid his hand on Dean's hipbone instead, trapping him between them.
he’s just... without." Jimmy did a short little laugh, no humor. “So you know. If we get clingy. That's why."
said 'fuck you,' hadn't he? He should have said 'fuck off,' or 'go fuck yourself.' They all meant the same thing.
Cas’ lube. He did steal it. The hands were warm but the viscous liquid was cool, and it felt good on his hot, swollen dick.
Always with his priorities in order, Dean focused on the important part of the question first. "Baby’s fine. Last I saw her, she was safe and sound at the hotel where I parked her. Actually, the last time I saw her she was a broken down DIY trellis in a post-apocalyptic nightmare but that doesn't count.”
"Nah, it's fine." Sure, having Ketch here was weird, but maybe also kind of awesome? Definitely useful while they were stuck like this. Also it gave Dean an excuse to... not talk about certain things.
Jimmy's eyes fluttered as his embarrassment started evaporating. "I should know this. It's not like you haven't been with this body before, and it's not like I wasn't there..."
“Yeah.” He was trying to relax but it was so hard. “I think I can do this. I want to. It’s just… If I can’t, you’ll know it’s not your fault, right?” Nervous swallow. “I mean, I'm pretty sure I can. It's just that it'd be really fucking embarrassing if I can't."
"You slept in the middle. You and my vessel. I exist around you as always." Cas sighed, contented. "He sleeps still. I did not wish for you to wake alone."
had not gotten any useful results. When he changed his approach he just got a bunch of numbers for domestic abuse hotlines. "Should have stolen the damn thing," he muttered.
Dean was having trouble following what was going on. All he knew was that he was hurting and he wanted it to
– staring like his eyes were going to fall out of his head. He didn’t move, but unconsciously licked his lips. And the hand that went to push his hair away from his forehead trembled slightly. He mouthed "Dean," but no sound came out. Fingertips brushed the black lace that was now wrapped around the muscles of Dean's torso. His thumb traced around the corset's deep, heart-shaped neckline, catching the delicate, spiderweb-thin patterns.
"Good start," whispered Jimmy. He moved his thumb to tease just the head of Dean's cock, for a second, before stroking up his hips again. "Now what?"
"So uh, Cas?" He paused to make sure he had Cas' attention. The guy seemed pretty blissed out, totally absorbed in planting a line of tiny kisses along the underside of Dean's jaw.
Turned out they had a pretty decent shower in there, and it turned on before they technically reached it. Cas had to put Dean down so he could stick his hand into the spray. "If my vessel would stop pleasuring himself for just one moment and
So if Dean’s arms were around Cas now, trying to protect the body that could take a knife or a bullet without flinching - if he had to
"Three I can hear....." he had to think for a second. "The water? Dogs? No. Not dogs.” Dean squeezed the hand in his, way too preoccupied to care what anyone thought of him right now.
was. He'd rather die of embarrassment butt naked in the middle of Bobby's kitchen than backed into a corner by a demon. Or another angel. In which case Dean's answer was still no. The only angel he wanted inside him was Cas.
Dean let out a sigh of relief. Jimmy got it. He kissed one of the knees on his shoulder. "I love your thighs but, they're kind of in the way for this. I want to see you, babe."
onto the bed in a corkscrew take-down. He was definitely cheating, probably borrowing on angel strength. But now Dean was sprawled, butt on the bed and legs off it, with Jimmy lying across his body, keeping one shoulder down with the weight of his torso.
Dean didn't say anything. Just took small, gasping breaths as he held on too tight. He was trembling, but not even Cas with all his strength could have pried him away from Jimmy. He made a strange sound, between laughter and tears. "I didn't mean to ask you to
Too late. The voice was clear, a strange rumbling chuckle followed by a voice that was nasal and almost oily, if that was even a way a voice could sound.
Jimmy had his fingers around the tops of the panties, pulling them away. This required touching Dean's ass and also his dick kind of a lot more than was probably strictly necessary.
Dean’s attention was back on Cas. He found a mostly-full pot of coffee, nearly dumped it on the flames, thought better of it, and poured it into the sink before getting some bathwater and putting out the flames that way. The second there was a clear pathway, Dean was walking towards Cas and pulling him into a bear hug.
Wrapping his lips around the head, Dean looked up through his eyelashes as he lavished attention on the most sensitive part of Cas. At least, the most sensitive part he could touch. He wasn't sucking Cas' cock so much as making out with it, and Cas was starting to make some
"You're so beautiful like this, Cas. Can’t believe how good you're doing. I don't think you've ever even been kissed before all this. Now look at you."
and pulsed like an electrical explosion. A few seconds later Jimmy pulled his hands away, still touching Dean's face, feeling for responses.
"It’s not locked." The darkness at least meant that he didn’t have to see Jimmy's face, as Jimmy came close to him.
"Just as you are." One handed, Cas lifted him to slide a pillow under his hips, getting a slightly better angle. "We would look in your eyes, and kiss you. Move your legs apart for us?" Now there were hands on his hips, coaxing. Cas' light, warm touch everywhere. Along his cock, down by his balls, massaging his ass.
"Cas is still figuring things out,” Dean said, in explanation. “Food is - he’s on a learning curve." He continued to steal Jimmy's barbeque ribs, not showing any signs of remorse. Getting his own plate again would mean he wouldn't be able to keep his arm around Jimmy. No one wanted that.
Breaking off the kiss, Dean turned his attention back on Cas. He kissed his lips, the side of his face. Kissed a far down as their current position would allow, still tied together like this.
"Baby's just a car. Claire was an actual baby. Jimmy held her in his arms and... they're family. I'm pretty sure he'd do anything for her."
Dean looked for any sign Jimmy was lying. Didn't find anything. "I'm so glad you're my husband."And with that, he was grinning like he'd just stolen the coolest thing ever, and gotten away with it.
"That's not what I meant.” Dean had found most of his clothes. He gave up on the other sock and just started getting dressed.
"If not for you I would not know to give my vessel the love and care he needs. I would not know to touch him."
"I think I’ve got you exactly where I want you." Dean rolled his hips slightly, with no intention of trying to escape.
Jimmy hugged Dean tighter, rubbed his hands over the planes of his back. "Do you remember when things went bad? What reminded you of Hell?"
Jimmy nodded, rubbing his face, smoothing his hair. "Right. Sure, yes. Castiel, I'm running kinda hot, can you... bring down my body temperature, a little? Is that a thing you can do?" Fuzzed out eyes, a sigh of relief.
There was a lot Dean needed to say. But no idea where to begin, and every time he tried he couldn't get words out. He was trying to talk, but it just wasn't
All he knew was Cas’ kiss didn’t taste like smoke or absinthe. It didn’t taste like anything. And Dean kept it going, until he managed to convince himself that it was real.
"Say something?" Seeking some kind of reassurance, he took Cas’ hand. This wasn’t something he’d allowed himself outside the privacy of his imagination. Not since that time with Rhonda when he was nineteen.
And a stray thought was all it took. And suddenly Dean wasn't sure if he could do this anymore. He was still ready to try – but made himself stop. Whatever he was trying to prove didn’t matter. If this went badly Cas would blame himself. Dean couldn't do that to him.
"Okay,” Jimmy said, slowly. “If you even make it there at all - does Cas have permission to play with edging? With me thrown in as a second opinion."
"Thanks. You really should read Dad's journal. It explains a lot about the kind of messed up you're marrying into."
Jimmy lined up his hand with the red brand across Dean's shoulder. “Still weird to think that somehow I did that.”
" Jimmy pulled off to the side. "I'm bringing him back online. You know he is one hundred percent literal about everything he just said, right?"
He was about to touch the place where his lovers were joined in a way that was literally beyond anything he could dream of, and Jimmy was inside him and Cas was somehow inside Jimmy while also holding both of them. Dean couldn't have asked for more than this.
Dean turned and pulled Jimmy into another kiss. Jimmy took the opportunity to tackle him into the mattress. "Good morning.”
“Try the crappy sofas. Pretty sure they violate the Geneva Convention." Dean's brain was catching up with things. "You brought food?"
"My meaning was that someone who would abandon you while you were wounded and grieving deserves only annihilation and pain,” Cas said. “But that does not describe me."
. Not about BDSM, or PTSD, I only learned what all the letters in LGBT stood for like a month ago... "
"Well done, soldier." Dean returned his hand to Castiel's back. Sliding the pad of his spit-slick thumb along the edge of one of Cas' shoulder blades. Exactly where the angel had placed his hand earlier.
Castiel pushed Dean down to the mattress, scraping fingers across the old handprint brand, the tattoo that would let no demon inside him, and the ribs Cas had carved with tiny runes that would let no angel find him. Cas was inside his body, in so many ways, and now he was inside Cas', as Cas adjusted himself on Dean’s hips, rolling back to find that spot, that perfect spot. And when he found it again he moved against it, using Dean as a toy, stroke after stroke after stroke until Cas wrapped long fingers around Jimmy's cock - and used the other hand to stroke the tender skin where Dean and Cas met - and then he was coming, spurt after spurt across Dean's chest.
it." Dean was surprisingly calm. "I just wanted to stop being hurt, and I didn't care who I had to hurt to make that happen. What does that say about me? That I could enjoy
need to make a thing about one of Cas' mistakes. Not even a mistake. He scrambled to find the thing, and was about to put it away when he had an idea. "Hey, uh. Cas. Maybe... you could help me put this back on? Maybe we start over, now we know what we're doing?"
“Oh yeah.” In this moment, Jimmy was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. "I love you both. Of course I love the thought of you together."
dressed like that. Like a model in Vogue. No, what you need to do to sit in front of a mirror while we give you a blowjob.”
"I am no threat to you." Tentatively, Cas put his arms around Dean. “It may be true that being around me puts you in more danger. But..." now slightly more hopeful. "You are already used to being in danger and I - I am very good in a fight."
"My vessel is fascinated by the ways angels give pleasure. But he is smaller than any angel, so he has learned to navigate and – there are corners only he can touch. Small deep places."
Dean hadn’t quite noticed that Jimmy had gone rigid and fuzzy until he heard a much deeper voice say, “We are all lucky to have him.”
"Any idea how you're going to patch things up with the kid? I gotta think rescuing her counts for something?"
"I have wet dreams about Hell. How are you not disgusted by that? After all the shit you've seen, and whatever Cas showed you? Why do you still want me?"
"Hate to break it to you, but you're not the first guy I've dreamed about doing this to. There've been a few. Dr. Sexy. This real hot hacker guy with a mullet I knew. Other guys too, those are just the ones whose names I know."
Jimmy was kneeling between Dean's legs, face all concentration, one hand playing between his thighs, the other holding the bottle of lube. He was adding more lube
"You're an amazing guy, Jimmy. I just wanted you to know. But yeah. You did great. You're doing great. I figure this has to be a lot. So just... thanks." Closing his eyes and taking a few steady breaths, Dean tried to find his way back. "Could somebody play with my hair for a second? I had to kinda find my way out from where I was, and I'd really like to get back."
"Outside the hotel you beamed me out of. Here’s hoping that street preacher passed the word along to Zach and then decided to vamoose."
When it finally did happen, he pressed in slowly. Barely more than a fingertip. Jimmy sighed, still breathing to the gentle blowjob as Dean used his mouth to play with the head of Jimmy's cock. Now he was gently pressing against his rim, gradually pushing his finger a little deeper.
so. Even if she never talks to me. I'll still bail her out of jail or whatever normal parents do. I figure they don't just impersonate cops like Dad."
Sam was showing great restraint by not reading over his shoulder."Is there anything I can do to help?" he said, still cautious.
"I'm proud of you," murmured Jimmy, as he pulled Dean's right thigh just a tiny bit wider, and laid his palm flat against it.
"Whatever you saw, it's my fault. I made him promise, and he's too good for me." Dean poked his head out of the blanket. "Actually, you know what? I blame whoever put this bed in a room with no door. I'm totally innocent."
"It - " Dean tried his best to explain. "It’s not that. I like this, I just... it's stupid. You're going to think it's stupid."
Jimmy took his hand. And Cas turned towards them, making careful, serious eye contact. There were more lightning bugs around him now, radiating out from him like a snowflake.
“Just listen. But if you want something, you’re going to have to ask. Okay? Especially if you want me to stop because this is making you uncomfortable."
It felt better than physical sensation alone would explain. It was a gentle pleasure sharper and more searing than any pain. Dean took a second to breathe, before he managed to nod. "Is it weird that I'm proud of us?" He felt that strange warmth again, soothing away the aches and pains from injuries he was pretty sure he didn't even have anymore.
Dean decided to abandon all pretense of dignity in favor of comfort. "Can we cuddle while you talk?" The thought that they could cuddle in a dream, and he could be in the middle… that made him happy.
"Yeah?" said Sam. "And what are you going to do about it? The only one here who hasn't broken and done terrible things is
But Cas began to slowly lick the slick substance off his fingers. Didn’t break eye contact. Dean just stared, his mouth open.
Maybe a better man would have been thinking about infinity, or his place in the cosmos, or even just focusing on the kiss, but this was Dean. As he kissed Cas in what was probably as close to his true form as Dean could stand, all he could think was that this was the same Cas he'd just had sex with.
Cas glanced down. Scooted himself backwards. And then sucked the head of Dean's semi-hard cock into his mouth. Just like he had done with the thumb.
Feathery warmth all over his skin. Cas draped Dean's arms around his shoulders and lifted him off the bed completely, holding his thighs. Through it all, he kissed Dean’s collarbone and his chest, slow and deliberate, like Cas was trying to systematically catalogue every inch of skin.
"I do understand that I intrude," he whispered, soft against Dean’s ear. "Say the word. I will be happy to show myself out."
Jimmy looked up at Cas, direct, intense. And Castiel shifted position, opening his legs and settling Dean between then, pulling him against his chest. Cas reached down to touch the bands of lace that now circled the tops of Dean's thighs, and the snaps on the garters that connected his stockings back up to the corset.
He tried to approximate where he'd seen the lines of light connecting to Cas earlier, lazily tracing the path with his hands. Touching soft and slow. He didn’t want to accidentally end up hurting somebody. While Dean stroked along his shoulders, Jimmy's breaths became a whole lot heavier. He stretched, straightening out every link of his spine.
"It's not that I want you to make sure I know I'm... pretty... so much as I want you to make sure I know that I'm... you know,
Jimmy kissed along the length of Cas’ cock and then broke away. One of his hands wound into the trenchcoat.
The coat slid off the bed as Cas lowered himself down over Dean's body. His lips hovered, almost touching but not, as his heel of his hand came to Dean's temple. That one hand kept him lying prone on the mattress.
Dean kissed him. He wasn’t going to stop being afraid of that future until at least 2014, but Cas had fought against thousands of years of that. For him. And, just maybe - maybe Dean wasn't too late to save them. He felt a little hysterical, but was too relieved to care.
how good this felt. Every memory paled in comparison. It was slow. And he felt so fucking cherished it was obscene. He was hyper aware of every inch of his body, and all of it felt a bit more like it was really his again. It didn't fix everything, but it felt good. And that was a victory in itself.
"Does she have a favorite color? If we were hunting deer, I'd say something high visibility like orange, but you know... not deer." Dean sounded like he was trying to personally apologize for the way the stuff they hunted usually hunted them back. "They have most of this stuff in pink camo but maybe that’s not her style."
"We take this as slow as we need to. And that’s not a stupid question. It’s a good question. I’ve been with Cas in this body. I haven’t been with you. So I get to learn what you like all over again.”
himself. He'd say it was an honest-to-God miracle. He’d have to ask Cas."Just hold me for a second?"
Cas looked at Dean. At the list. Back at Dean. He set his shoulders like he was preparing to be whipped, and then said - like every word was something dragged out of him, like every word was the name of a friend he was being forced to betray,
"No, you're right. I just.... Give me a minute, okay?" Dean stopped pacing and walked over to Cas. Without saying anything, he gathered the angel into his arms and buried his face in Jimmy's hair.
Cas rotated the two of them so Dean's face caught the shower spray. Water ran in rivulets down his chest, and against Cas and Jimmy's back.
"But you don't have to." Dean added, quickly. "I don't want you standing on the side of the road for hours anymore just because I hung up on you. You're your own person." Dean turned to completely face him. Sam wouldn’t take it personally. Cas needed him right now.
"He thinks - saying it that way makes him sound too good." Jimmy cupped a hand around Dean's face, and looked at him. “See, when he found you - you said you were a demon. Said you were worthless. You asked him to kill you. And he… he tried.” Jimmy’s head tilted to the side, and for a moment he looked
"I'm not sure they're all places that... exist? It hurts sometimes, if I try to think about it too hard." Dean did it anyway. "Near the hand print. Down my arms some? And this space behind me where it almost feels like I'm being carried? Like trying to walk on land after too long on a boat?"
way was letting a hundred people who wanted to hurt you do that same thing. And after a while, you start to seek out that horrible person, and ask for it. Even though you don't want it, just because afterwards you feel less alone for a while. You figure you hurt so much already, it doesn't really make much of a difference." Dean had to stop for a moment. Catch his breath. "It was like with Alastair. And that's why I sometimes... react bad to things. Sex isn't just about making more humans. It's also something that can be used to warp break or heal."
"I still want you." Dean had to fight to get each word out. "Please." Breathing at all was getting more difficult. He closed his eyes, but didn't let go of Jimmy's hand. “I’m not okay. I’ll never be okay. I just don’t want to be alone. I’m not asking for forever. You can leave tomorrow if you want. I just don’t want to be alone right now.”
Jimmy caught his breath to whisper right over Dean’s ear, "Can you push me back onto the bed? Gonna overbalance."
. I get why that’s hard to believe, but it's true. That made it probably the best sex I've ever had." Dean kissed him, "And I've had a lot of really good sex."
"Oh, I'll talk. Can't promise that it'll be classy, or sexy, or make all that much sense. But it's Cas who's the quiet one."
“Hi.” Definitely Jimmy’s higher voice. “Dean. Nice to see you. Ah...” He swayed. “Castiel just dropped me in, didn’t give too much warning. It’s good. I’m fine. Give me a second.”
Dean just laughed and kissed him. "Don’t need a blow-by-blow. Just wanted to make sure you were okay. And maybe fish for a compliment.”
"I got it. Thanks." Dean took the towel and tied it around his waist, but things still felt a little unreal as he searched around the bedroom for their clothes.
"Hey, uh. I don’t know if now is a good time to tell you or not, but you should probably know." Dean had to clear his throat. "It's not official or anything, and no one's planning to do anything about it, but I'm pretty sure I've got a kid. He's about ten?" He did some mental math. "Yeah. Ten. I don't really know him all that well."
"Thank you," said Jimmy, wide eyes just meaning... everything. But he couldn't resist any longer, and turned to the food, and Dean. "Why do I feel like I ought to be asking someone's
Dean wasn't sure why this felt like such a big deal. He wasn't sure of a lot of things right now. "Yeah."
"Yeah. Didn't want you to think I forgot he was in there or something." Dean was - a lot less upset now that he knew Sam was okay with things so far.
that he thinks I'm a sexy burning Ferris wheel." He landed a kiss before Jimmy got a chance to correct him."It's sexy the way he says that stuff. With you, it's just cute."
He was looking at Dean with such intensity that it was more like being touched than being looked at. His hand moved, to drag down the zipper on his pants. Jimmy had apparently been more than half hard, and now there was his erection in Cas’ hand. But those eyes didn’t move from Dean’s. And then his thumb moved down to where Dean couldn’t see it any more, in one long stroke.
He laid an open mouthed kiss on Cas' neck. Cas wasn't moving, just wrapped around Dean, breathing, getting used to his body, sitting with his legs around Dean’s waist. And Dean took the excuse to just hold him, supporting his angel’s weight with an arm around his waist. His other hand travelled across the planes of Castiel's back.
Dean heard the sound of wings, and then - in a possible abuse of his angelic teleportation powers - Cas had moved himself and everyone sitting on him about six feet across the room, onto the bed in the corner. He looked pleased to be in a more lying-down position, against a mound of embroidered velvet throw pillows.
Jimmy giggled. "I think I had in my head like an intimidating sexy badass? And you're not an intimidating sexy badass, no offense. It's
"Ketch went over the basics, but if you felt like explaining more of what's going on here that- that’d be great." Dean tried to reposition, but Cas refused to be moved. "Mostly just want to know what to call stuff. For, you know... dirty talk." Couldn't tell a guy how good something felt if you didn’t even know what to call it. And whatever was going on with Cas' cock right now felt
there was something going on! Jimmy, you sly dog! You said you weren't having any 'people sex' with Cas. That means you figured out some way to have
"Hey, if you want compliments just say so. I was holding back because you already know you're a good looking bastard." Jimmy yanked the sheet down, revealing the top half of Dean's chest. "Just look at this. And your stubble. And your
Cas seemed to just want to run his hands over Dean's skin. "Every day, and for the rest of your life."
Dean moved so that he was supporting most of his weight on one elbow. "Like that, huh?” Dean's lips sought out the pulse point on Castiel's neck, while his hips sought out more of that glorious friction. There was something incredibly sexy about knowing that the only reason Castiel was pinned like this was because he was
Cas blinked, and drew back dazed. He swallowed, and made a sort of abbreviated breathy sound. He looked as though he were remembering how to talk. Dean smiled fondly, and waited. Cas might have nodded, or might have just sort of bobbed. But he looked over Dean's shoulder, processing that Sam was still there. Slowly.
Castiel had finished with his dress shirt and Jimmy - the way he moved felt more like Jimmy - flopped back down on the bed.
"Yeah. And, uh - when he's not driving, how much is Jimmy..." Dean angled his head, trying to catch a glimpse behind Cas' eyes. "Around? I'm just kind of, you know... asking."
Dean grinned, and tried to disguise it behind a mouthful of food. He knew he looked like a chipmunk when he ate, but if his other flaws weren't dealbreakers, he was probably good here too.
There was something about the intense expression and the way Cas talked that made the hair going everywhere even funnier. Dean thought about trying to straighten it out, but changed his mind. Instead, he tried to get both sides to match. He was aiming for a mohawk, but now it looked a bit more like a badly drawn Wolverine.
"Cas said." And Dean had to stop, he was laughing so hard. He eventually managed a perfectly neutral expression. "'I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from Perdition.'" He couldn’t quite manage to keep a straight face the whole way through, and ended in laughter and a kiss, both directed towards Cas.
Jimmy lay down, stretching like he would on a couch. "Maybe I should just ride the rest of the way like this."
Cas was falling apart under Dean's hands. There was no tension left in his body and he sagged against Dean, arms around his neck as Cas’ mouth kissed everything it could reach - his collarbone and neck and shoulders. He wasn't even fucking Dean anymore. There was no resistance as Dean pushed into him, at the same time as he took care of Jimmy's cock and whatever was going on with Cas' back.
Dean rolled his eyes, but went to get it. Arranged it on the nightstand in easy reach, then turned back to Jimmy. Who was just kind of looking at him. Figuring him out. “How are you doing?" Jimmy asked.
Jimmy swallowed down a breath, and another, breathing in and out to the rhythm Dean was setting. He had stopped playing around, and now was just waiting for Jimmy to relax enough to work a finger into him.
"I'm probably not going to fuck you today baby, but I am going to make you come around my fingers." Now, Dean had both of them all the way in. It would be easy to bend them just
Castiel gave Dean a strange, glazed look. Then the arms holding him shook, the body temperature cooled. Dean had zero idea what was going on, but didn’t have time to do anything about it before the grip around him was different. Now the body leaning against him had a totally normal, totally human amount of strength. And was breathing hard.
Dean's vision was blurry and it took him a minute to realize he was crying again. There was no point fighting it, so he just let himself go. It wasn't pretty crying. No slow single tear. This was messy, and a lot. Just like everything about this situation.
"If I end up in that... what did you call it? Altered consciousness. Something about Buddhism? Don't remember. Felt so good. Safe. I'm pretty sure, if we had the stuff we needed, you could fuck me like that and I'd be okay. So just… keep touching me, I guess?"
"Hey? Toss me a pillow?" He felt kinda exposed until sudden inspiration struck. "Wait." He crawled over to the side of the bed, grabbed Jimmy's trench coat off the floor. Putting on the coat and nothing else, he repositioned himself on the bed so he was covered up, but still giving Jimmy a view. "How do I look?"
Hands smoothed over Dean's back again. He leaned into the touch as much as he could. It felt good to be touched. The hands were kind.
"Hmmm." Jimmy and Cas made eye contact over Dean's head. Jimmy moved his hands over Dean's hips, peeling off his jeans. "... doesn't
Castiel looked down at his hands. "I am... very large." His eyebrows were all concentration. He mimed a roughly spherical shape. "And I am not... solid?" He wrinkled his nose, unhappy at that particular word. "Energies... souls... other angels penetrate me. At the outside of me, this is pleasant. Easy. Stimulating. But if I were to let those same energies go deeper - as the soul that is Jimmy Novak sometimes does - they could choose to warp me and break me. Or heal me."
get to write about my kid." Looked at Jimmy. "Honestly, I feel bad for the guy. He didn't ask for those visions, but that nightmare future had those books made into movies and that’s not coming near our family. Chuck'll probably be so scared he wets his pants. But for the record, I wouldn't actually hurt him. That's a good way to piss off an archangel."
"It's new. That's all. We’ll do something else if it doesn't work. And it might not be because of you." Dean gestured at his own dick like Vanna White revealing a letter on Wheel of Fortune. "There's a whole lotta nothing going on there right now, and it's not for lack of interest. But I think I'm seventy if you count Hell? I'm lucky it still works at all."
“First fake last name should be something you like. Hey, maybe with you around everyone will finally stop thinking that me and Sam are married."
He didn't have to earn this. It didn't come with a price tag. Cas was doing this because he wanted to. He wasn’t asking for anything.
"What would you say, then?" Cas placed a few kisses along Dean's hairline, and Dean ducked his face against Cas' neck. Arms wrapped around his back, petting the back of his neck, and Dean was practically glowing from happiness.
“Me and Cas should be good for that,” said Jimmy. “Someone to talk to if you're worried about Sam, or if Sam is bugging you. Who isn't, you know,
"You thought things were bad when you got back? You should have seen when you left. Yeah, I'm sure." There wasn't any anger in his voice, only affection. Self-deprecating, not hostile.
The air around them seemed to get thicker and take on a different - texture maybe, something more like crushed velvet. And at the same moment - the curtains closed themselves, the chest of drawers slid, pivoted, blocked the no-door doorway. The lamp on the nightstand fell over.
how it would feel if they did this while they were inside of him. Cas... was fascinated by his nipples, paying attention to them as he moved down his body - kissing one, teasing the other between thumb and forefinger. Then placing kisses from his belly button… down.
“I was on the wrestling team in high school,” Jimmy said, panting. He looked impossibly smug. “Junior year, we won regionals.”
Maybe the shower wasn't the best place to do it. Dean felt light headed. And a lot less sure of himself now that he wasn't dreaming.
. Nothing could have prepared him for hearing Cas say shit like that. He was pretty sure his voice had been
“So your kink is just.... love or something? I... guess that could work?” Dean wasn't sure he was comfortable with that. But it was also as far from anything he’d called Alastair as you could get.
He was playing with a lighter, and staring at Castiel – who stood in the middle of a circle of holy fire, not wearing anything at all. The curtains of Sam's weird little low-rent motel room were drawn, and the fire cast strange moving shadows over everything.
Sam unconsciously mirrored his pose, leaning against the door. "You were bad at relationships before Hell too. You don't get to just opt out altogether."
. Because the idea of just letting you have your way with me, and do all the work? While I lie back like a princess? Sounds too good to be true."
"I am not wasting away,” he said. Finally. “I still have my grace. I did not cast it away like Anna. I do not know whether to call myself an angel, since I hear the song of Heaven so faintly. I feel sometimes that I might call myself a powerful demon, if it were in me to define myself fairly."
Shaking his head, Dean held tighter to Jimmy. "I'm good. Just scared. Dunno why." Dean hid his face against Jimmy's neck because he felt like he might start crying again.
“Let me take care of you,” Dean whispered. “Let me make this good for you.” He needed this. "That's all I want." Please let that be enough. Let him be enough.
Cas crinkled his eyebrows. "I was going to touch your skin while my vessel becomes familiar with my body again, until I knew you both felt safe and loved and warm. But there is something appealing about you working together to touch my body in forbidden ways."
Oh. This was going to be one of those conversations. Okay. Dean climbed back onto the bed, and onto Cas so he was sort of straddling his lap. "Wish I could, babe. I like knowing you do it. You know it’s really sexy. But I can't feel you."
Dean had to close his eyes for a second to keep from embarrassing himself. He could still have this. It didn't have to be ruined. It didn't take more than a second to get himself back together, and he hoped that Cas and Jimmy hadn’t noticed.
"Take as long as you need,” he said, into Castiel's neck. “You. Are the best thing. I have ever felt. Best thing I've ever seen. Kissed." He meant to kiss him on the lips but ended up kissing the side of his chin. It didn't matter. That was good too. Dean brought both his hands up to run the length of Cas' back, starting at the shoulders, continuing down his hips, and across his thighs before returning to hold him close, trace little nonsense squiggles in the space between his shoulder blades.
"I love you too. Please. Just... keep talking?" They couldn't know this. It was too hard to explain. "It's not -"
That was all the warning Dean gave before he lifted Jimmy into his arms. The move was sudden enough to surprise a real laugh out of him.
Cas took Dean's hand and studied it, running his fingers down the wrist, then the underside of the forearm, up around his biceps. Cas seemed fascinated by the planes of his chest, the muscles and the tendons, the way it all fit together. All of it, equally fascinating.
"I should have asked before playing a game like that. Rules were needed. And the ability to stop playing. You have been trying to tell me this."
"Perimeter. Yes. My vessel finds ‘asshole’ a very un-seductive word, but was unable to think of an alternative."
"Nah. Might be dangerous. He can keep these instead." Dean left several more hickeys along Jimmy's shoulders.
He looked upwards, not at Dean, and seemed to get bigger somehow. Heavier. And when he looked back down - it was Castiel straddling Dean's body, and Castiel's eyes looking at him. He put two hands on the offending garment, ripped it off like a band-aid. Surveyed Dean beneath him. Put his hand over the handprint burn mark. Just needed that one arm to pin Dean to the mattress.
"No. That one's fine." Another headboard flashed through the back of his mind. One with metal shackles. Modern. Stainless steel. Like a fancy kitchen.
He rocked upwards again, seeking out the friction of the fucking fantastic thighs Jimmy kept hidden under that coat when he realized - "Wait. Wait, no. Cas, it's nothing personal, but I'm gonna need to hear from Jimmy first. He definitely said there was some stuff he didn’t want to do when we were talking about boundaries earlier."
die, this Zachariah has been screwing with everyone, but I've got you right here. World is crazy, you're doing an amazing job. So
"I was cold, and alone, and anything - was better than disappearing completely. I think? I don't know. It was so cold. Sometimes, Alastair would send me away once he was done. I remember," Dean swallowed past the lump in his throat, "I don't know how long I spent lying on the ground wondering if I was even real." There was more to say, but he had to stop and breathe for a minute first.
be locked up in Bobby's panic room. If something's after your family, they're probably after you. She needs her dad alive."
Dean did his best to sound curious but disinterested, not at all suspicious. “No. Why, why would you think that?"
Jimmy tipped himself against Dean, forehead to collarbone, and breathed like he’d been running. He said something, could have been “thank you” or “love you” or “trust you.” Dean didn't feel worthy of any of that, but for a second he let himself pretend to be the kind of person who could deserve someone like Jimmy.
Jimmy turned his face back to center. "I didn't leave you hanging did I? Cas doesn't think so, but he's Cas, so I - "
Cas kept his head bent. Dean watched a hundred tiny muscle shifts, some loosening, some tightening, until the body was holding itself in a completely different way. And then he raised his head, and Jimmy’s eyes looked out at him.
"You're okay though?" Some part of Dean knew he should be more bothered by this, but Ketch was calling him pretty names and it was really hard to focus.
Cas let him. Cupped a hand around his cheek. With Cas so completely inside his body, Dean's mind went blissfully silent. No room for anything. Nothing beyond the intense wordless connection with Cas. Fingers kept stroking his face, as Cas' other hand dropped lower, to stroke along his inner thighs, his cock, that tender place where they were still joined tight.
"Cas - back off on the healing? I think Dean wants to mark up my skin a little? Get me rubbed a little red and tender, so when he touches me, it's like that thing where I pull
"I did say that, didn't I?" If Cas couldn't tell he was teasing, Jimmy could probably clear things up. He wasn't being subtle. "Does that sound like something you'd be interested in?"
we do this, both of you need to know that if you want to stop, we stop. Don't need to give a reason. We uh... don't have any lube, so that means no butt stuff. Not right now at least. And um - this mattress is amazing even if the rest of the house sucks ass. But I'm not sleeping in the wet spot so try not to jizz on the sheets. We’ve got a perfectly good shower and I’ve got a perfectly good mouth. In me or on me is fine. Just not in my eye or something. Also maybe not the hair? I’m assuming you’re clean? Doesn’t matter, Cas would have fixed it if you weren’t. And before you go away and I can't talk to you, I want to know if there's anything you’d be really into. Because I'd be happy to
"Moral support backup. That's me. Speaking of which..." Jimmy thumped his hands down on Dean's shoulders in a kind of over-masculine, but reassuring way. "Feel better?"
A body again. This one real. This one here. Dean was trying to remember how to breathe as he held on to Jimmy. It only lasted for an instant, but time worked differently in Hell. He focused on the feeling of Jimmy’s heartbeat and the gentle rise and fall of his chest. Dean tried to match his breathing.
“Pretty much what it sounds like. He goes until it’s too much, then keeps on going. You know how chicks can have multiple orgasms? I told you prostate orgasms were different. If you know what you're doing, they can be
Jimmy smiled, and laid his head against Dean's chest. "I see why he loved you. From almost the moment you asked him not to save you." He tensed. "Oh man, I'm sorry. That's one of his thoughts - it's just - we're really close right now - "
"I know Cas is invulnerable and everything, but he got hurt somehow. You don’t have to talk about it, but you'll let me know if it gets worse? I know I’m paranoid and overprotective. It’s my job."
Cas walked across the room and pulled thin curtains over the tiny window. Warily, he sat on the bed. Then relaxed into pillows piled against the headboard.
have just kissed Jimmy himself, but he had a point he wanted to make, and it would help to have an example.
“I know you're trying to help, but it's not working." Dean climbed over to lie next to Jimmy. "Nine-to-five office jobs
Jimmy looped his arms around Dean’s neck, leaning against his chest and curling up tighter into his lap. He closed his eyes. Looked about ready to fall asleep right there, in Dean's arms.
. I've never," He wasn't sure quite how to explain it. "Sex has never felt like this for me. Remember what I said about it being a connection? I've had plenty of sex before, and yeah, some of it was better physically. Especially at the end there." Dean tried to make a joke out of it, it didn't really work. "But I've never felt a connection like this. I had a good time, but this was more... I don't know,
“I figure you were sexually abused by some real powerful something-or-other. In Hell. Maybe a demon. Maybe Lucifer. No not Lucifer. Sam killed whoever it was, and Lucifer’s still alive.
Jimmy scooted backwards an inch or two, and very deliberately braced his heels inside the frame holding the mattress. The pose spread his legs wide. Dean's tongue darted across his lips without him noticing.
me to tell you?" Disobeying direct orders had carried a heavy punishment. That line of thought held a lot of bad memories, but it did give him an idea.
Cas rolled off Dean to get the lube, which he cupped in his hand, warming it up. Then, with his face unreadable, he pulled Dean back into his arms. His hand traveled down his back. Dean got a proper kiss, as Cas started exploring his ass. Touching the tight ring of muscle there.
Dean kissed him. This was nothing like that terrifying, hollowed out version of Cas he'd met in the future. There was warmth here, and hope.
"We will both get things wrong,” Cas began slowly. “We will re-learn our limits. This is a connection that can be used to heal."
They'd figure something out. Maybe not for real, but they'd find a way to make it work in his dreams. "Tell me when it's okay to move."
"I guess that's true. You know I wouldn’t say no to your mouth. Or to your fingers. Or tongue. Or - well, eventually your dick, but it’s looking kind of big right now. Need to work up to that. Mostly, I just want
Cas nuzzled helplessly against Dean's neck as he curled the pads of his fingers against Dean's prostate - once, twice - before he backed off. He couldn't push back into the hands on his back and thrust up at the same time, so he trembled in Dean's arms, and just let himself be touched.
Jimmy's arms got tighter, and his chin rested on top of Dean's head. His breathing was slower, the bursts of sensation that ripped through his body were farther apart. But he was still nowhere near being able to talk.
" said Jimmy. "I didn't know... that was a spot. I need to re-figure myself out." He touched Dean's hair with his fingertips, but couldn't reach farther than that. "Don't stop.”
He captured Castiel's lips once more, but the kiss was softer now, an apology. If he was being honest he was still sort of spooked from earlier, and the strength he could feel in those arms wasn't nearly as sexy as it had been a minute ago. Dean hadn't realized this would be a problem, but apparently it was.
They moved, Cas and Jimmy together. Cas was lifting him, and Jimmy was warm against his back. In the darkness, it was strange for a moment, but four arms cradled him, held him steady. And as his head tipped backwards onto Jimmy's shoulder, his legs parted around Cas' waist.
"Your fingers... oh dear sweet... something... not sure if I'm supposed to say God. Dear sweet" - a gasp - "
Jimmy pulled back enough to look at Dean, right in the eyes. He was still smiling, but his smile had gotten more complicated. “You need to understand. You gave me another chance. You went to Hell for a damn good reason. I... I wasn’t even thinking about Claire when I said yes. He was supposed to
Dean hummed, sleepy again. He kissed Cas' forehead, and Ketch - always on top of things - passed him a bottle.
Even though Sam was sitting just across the room, that line of oil and fire made it seem like he was on the other side of the world. Dean took the towel off of his hair and brought it behind Cas. Used it to pull the angel close. Without really thinking, he gave in to temptation and stole a kiss. "Let’s get you out of here."
"This... this is enough..." Cas said. "Your breath. Your small sounds of pleasure. The way you feel around my body..."
"I am going to get so good at giving back massages now that I know what it does to you." Dean followed the lines of muscle along Jimmy's chest and shoulders, felt him shiver, not straying back enough for things to get too interesting. "Relax. Even your shoulders are tense."
Cas nodded as though this were the expected answer. He reached for Dean’s hand and brought it to his lips, lightly kissing along the back. And as he did, Dean felt the tingling warmth of Cas’ angelic healing seeping into his skin, knitting and smoothing the cuts and abrasions that had come from biting it.
Jimmy rolled on top of Dean, arranging himself so the heat of his erection was impossible to miss. He took a deep breath.
"Hey, it's fine. Don't apologize. It's your last name too if you want it. Or um... You could always hyphenate?" This was a conversation for another time. When his fingers weren’t in Jimmy’s ass.
As he laid back onto the mattress, Jimmy settled himself between Dean’s legs, and turned his head to kiss his knee. At first, Dean thought he was just nervous. But when the fluttering in his stomach didn't let up - and he let himself take a second to figure out what he was feeling -
Dean let himself relax back into Castiel's arms. He closed his eyes and stretched, enjoying the way the fabric moved against his skin. Jimmy was pleased. The lace was thin enough for Dean to feel the texture of his hands as he smoothed them over his waist, and hips. The corset was all in one piece, like something you’d see at a high-class sex club, and turned into panties at the bottom, nestling his dick securely against silky fibers.
Dean stopped and slowly withdrew his fingers. He wiped his hand on the sheets before rising from his place on the floor on unsteady legs, crawling into bed. He grabbed onto Jimmy.
Jimmy looked between them, overwhelmed by the attention of both Winchester brothers at once. “But...”
Only then did Cas look down, fondly, indulgently, and moved to strip off the rest of the clothes. That left him reclined, completely naked, running hands down Jimmy’s stomach, kneading into the muscles of his thighs, paying attention to little moles and scars, tracing the slim line of hair that started at Jimmy’s belly and went down. When he was done touching the dark curls, the hand came to rest at the juncture of his thigh, the other casually balanced on his bare knee. His thighs - were spread wide apart. And between them, was his cock. Medium sized, pretty much all the way hard now. Cas’ face came back up to hold Dean’s gaze, and the picture he made was completely shameless.
Cas kissed each palm in turn. "You have saved the lives of each of us. You are loved. Feel free and safe to tell us whatever you wish."
It felt so good to do this for them. Dean was being good. This was what he was meant for. From the surface of his skin to the deepest places in his soul, every part of him craved touch. He leaned his face against Cas' hand as a silent request for more. More of what, he didn't know. All Dean knew was that he wanted everything Cas and Jimmy were willing to give him. He arched his back into Jimmy's hands. If he could speak, he would beg, but as it was, he managed that just fine without words. He was floating. Spit trailed from his mouth. It was nice, being able to feel. Being loved.
instead? Same idea, but I don't have to deal with worrying I might hurt you. Yeah, I can't - but - "
After a silence that felt worse than speaking - Dean finally answered. His voice was quiet, fragile.
"Is that good?" Dean wasn't distressed, just confused. It was a lot to follow, with several layers of soft blankets between him and his own thoughts. He knew he was safe. That was all. Cas and Jimmy were there to protect him from the monsters in his memories. He just wanted to be good for them.
Dean stopped moving for a minute, and got a lot more serious. “I don't usually use more than two fingers. The angle makes it weird. I mean, I'm gonna say yes either way, but I think it might be easier to take your cock than another finger?"
Dean had a stray thought that if they ever decided to settle down and become respectable members of society, the three of them could probably make a decent living as porn stars, considering the whole twin thing Cas and Jimmy had going on without actually being related. It took a second to realize just how many things were wrong with that idea. He kept it to himself.
Jimmy smiled, with eyes that were suspiciously bright. "He always wants to learn. He wants to be better. He tries so hard." Snuggled closer. "I love him so much."
realized." Dean paused. Should he tell Sam? Was it better to get it out of the way now, before they were all stuck in a car together?
Dean swallowed past the lump in his throat and felt as the tears started to fall, despite his best efforts. He hid his face against Cas. "I'm okay. I promise." He was. He was just a bit of a mess, that was all.
Jimmy smiled wider. "Okay. I'm going to leave this job to the professional. You've probably got concealed knives in all kinds of crazy places. Don’t want to risk it.”
"I can’t decide if I want you to come in my mouth, so you can taste yourself on my lips when I kiss you or if I want you to pull out and come across my chest, and maybe even my face. I've gotten off to that fantasy a few times, actually."
let me take you to Vegas so I can do the thing where I wear an ugly fancy bathrobe and you hang off my arm and look sexy.”
He took a long, satisfied exhale. Then came a little closer. "Cas, just look at that beautiful dick, wrapped up in all that gorgeous lace." Jimmy pressed his hand against it, "Think he might be getting hard for us." His other hand was sliding over the curve of Dean's ass, and tucking fingers underneath the lacy garment. "It's not elastic..." Jimmy muttered to himself, "It's got to have maybe, buttons..." He stroked a hand slowly between Dean's legs, until he found the first snap holding the crotch together, and unpopped it.
Cas pulled blindly towards him and kissed him, hard and deep, opening him up. Fingers twisted into Dean's hair. And Dean himself was soft and pliant, a warmth melting through every ache in his body. Cas took the momentum from the kiss and used it to straddle him, pushing Dean back and down into the mound of pillows. Dean's limbs were heavy, and in the total absence of pains he hadn't even noticed he felt, he could have sworn he was floating. He meant to say something. It just turned into another soft, sleepy noise of happiness.
Cas ran fingers through Dean's hair to pull his head back, and give Jimmy a long, tight stretch of throat to kiss against. He was still in his clothes, and the layers of coats surrounded Dean like petals as he turned his cheek into the cotton of Cas' shirt.
"I'm fine. Promise. Wide awake." Dean’s argument would have been stronger if he hadn't been partially asleep in Cas' arms. But this was important. "Jimmy's probably still freaked. Need to tell him... ‘s not his fault."
Dean was being transferred to another set of arms, the first arms in a while that actually staggered under his weight.
made Jimmy shut his eyes, and calm himself down with more breathing. Dean pet his hair, made shushing noises.
"You should not be thanking me. I was irresponsible and careless in my treatment of you. When there is nothing in this world more precious than you."
was a smile, sunny and true. Jimmy looped his hands around Dean’s neck, brought his face close. Even wet like this, his hair was making a valiant effort to stick out in strange directions. “You’re a good man,” he said.
Sitting back on his heels, Dean wiped his chin. “Fuck, that’s good. Like the only thing in the whole world that matters is making you come.”
"Sorry. You're right. I'm stalling." He swept the crumbs off the bed before patting the space next to him. "Come on."
didn’t like - but also, it wasn’t like Cas had a super secret sex dungeon or anything. Or even a toy collection. Now that was an idea. That would be fun: explaining the point of sex toys to Cas, and watching Jimmy blush as he explained specific ones.
"Hey. I know you're doing good," said Jimmy. "But pick a safeword for me, okay?" He touched Dean's knee, through the stocking. "I haven't done this before."
“I'm gonna need to ask about that time Raphael turned you into meat paste, back at Chuck’s. If it’s the kind of thing you only want to explain once, I’ll get Sam. But whatever works. Just... don't overdo it.”
Cas balanced him, maneuvering things so Dean's legs were around his waist and his hands supported his ass. He backed them both into the shower, the perfect temperature from before. It was nice, having someone be this thoughtful. Letting himself be pampered. Cas wasn’t going to drop him.
Dean laughed suddenly. "Sorry. I'm trying to get you to let me touch your back. Feels like when I was figuring out how to get a girl's bra off for the first time.”
Dean lay there for a while, enjoying a sense of peace he rarely experienced. Careful not to wake up the figure sleeping next to him, but confident Cas could still hear him, Dean was only half talking to the angel when he spoke.
Dean smiled. Jimmy had been a bit of a surprise when they first met, but he'd turned out to be a good one.
"You can ask him in... one minute," said Jimmy. "I'm going to finish this delicious, delicious food.
Dean carefully traced the design over his hip bone, smiling softly. He had decorated himself in their designs, without realizing, without being told. They must like that.
"I'm yours. Want you to own me. Yours. Not..." Dean gasped and tried to hide his face against Cas. "Please, Daddy." His voice was muffled in the coat, and Cas turned Dean's jaw away from him so he was looking down at Jimmy.
Jimmy added even more lube to his hands, and drew a finger along that circle of muscle, pressing inward. Dean was careful to keep breathing. "Slower. I just... need a minute."
The hands rubbed over Dean's hips, soothingly. "I'm going to make sure you're getting along good with Cas, and then I'll push back into you nice and slow so you're not surprised. I can still see you nod and shake your head, so if anyone asks you a question you can answer like that."
"If she’s anything like Sammy she’s gonna hate us if we lie to her. But she deserves normal too. There’s gotta be some way to split the difference. I just don't know how."
coming back and Cas' cock hadn't even deflated enough to slide out yet. He turned his towards Cas neck and tried to catch his breath. "Guys? We, uh- I don't-  I don't think I'm done yet.”
"That's right.” Sam started to consolidate the food into fewer containers. “So, you and Jimmy are hunting with us now?"
"It is not surprising that you call both this car and my vessel ‘baby.’ You protect them, they calm you, and they are yours." Cas did a little more of his new side-eye. "You also love spending time inside of them."
"I know you can." Cas repositioned himself to look seriously at Dean. "You are magnificent tonight."
"Between you and Cas? Yeah. I feel better. And as nice as this is, I can't keep driving with you on my lap."
Jimmy and Cas made eye contact. Jimmy smiled. Dean thought that telepathic communication thing they did was cute. It should have been unsettling, but it was just normal. The only difference was they had two bodies instead of just one.
"Is the game over? Because if my vessel is not able to touch you soon, he may die. It would be tragic," said Cas with an absolutely straight face.
Dean closed his eyes, focused on the touch of Castiel's hands and the closeness of his body. "Can you help me stop thinking? I don't know how, but you did it before and it was amazing. I want that back again."
something was different..." His marksmanship had gotten better since coming back from the dead. Trust Dean Winchester to focus on the important things.
, I can't. Something's always not working right. If it's not my dick, it's my brain. I feel so damn old." Dean was angry, but the person he was angry at was dead. Sam had killed him.
“I get to feel kind of pretty around you. Even before Hell, that’s not really something I’ve done…” Dean remembered back to Rhonda, and the pink silk panties. He hadn’t been able to admit to himself that he enjoyed it then. “A girl had me try on her panties once but I’ve never...”
Cas tilted Dean’s chin up to kiss him, even as his face flushed hot with shame. This wasn't something he was into. He never had been. He'd been - conditioned to like this. But now Jimmy was twisting to pull off Dean’s shoes and the rest of his jeans -
Dean's voice was quiet. "We can cuddle. I can hold you in my arms while Jimmy makes love to you. All three of us together." He wrapped Cas in his arms. "When I talked about us having sex with you at the same time, I just wanted us both to make you feel loved. And now... now we can do that."
Dean thought about it, for a minute. But he was still wearing beautiful lingerie, held by both his lovers at the same time. The room was comfortable again. Even with everything, this was a still good dream.
"Okay, right, so I need to ask Cas a question, but then you two are going to get cleaned up, got it? No more molars in people's hair."
Dean focused on the shoulders themselves before returning to tracing the muscles. Jimmy pushed him into the warm muscles of Cas’ chest, grabbed the trenchcoat for leverage - and started to
bury myself in women and decadence, right? It's the end, baby. That's what decadence is for. Why not bang a few gongs before the lights go out? That's just how I roll. Not like it means anything."
This was Cas, this moving golden orb around him. It was beautiful, and intricate and unimaginably complex. And he and Jimmy were at the heart of it. Cas was the person sitting next to them, but so much more.
people and been trained to like it. He couldn’t let Jimmy and Cas see that. "I need to turn my brain off and get fucked. I'm worried I screwed this up and I’m no good for you. I still want to call you Daddy and I want Cas to tell me what a good boy I am and I'm scared you're going to call me a worthless whore even though I probably am one."
“Um. If something actually goes wrong, that might not work.” Dean tried to explain in as little detail as possible, “What just happened? If you weren’t inside my head, you probably wouldn’t have noticed. Just a stray thought. We do this, and you ask me if I'm okay... I might say yes even if I'm not." To show weakness in Hell was to invite pain. "You could
"I don't know how I had sex with Cas." Dean could feel his face burning with shame as he admitted it. "I don't know if I even enjoy sex the same way anymore. But I want to try. So please listen to what I'm going to say and don’t - read anything into it.” He could do this. They were going to find a way to make this work. “This is something I’m doing for you. It’s for me too, but that’s because it’s for you. I’m not... it’s not because I want anything from you. I mean, I do, but...  I’m doing a bad job explaining?”
Dean turned to Jimmy. "It looks like we're gonna have to share." He was okay with that. He just wasn't okay with actually asking.
ass. "Want you inside me. Please. I'm yours. Both of yours." Spreading his legs to give Jimmy more room, Dean let out a startled gasp at the feel of Castiel's mouth at the point where his neck and shoulders met.
"What'd I do?" Dean couldn't tell if he'd done something really right or really stupid. "I'm not apologizing. He makes money off those things."
"I think you're already more. Like you said - they didn't like you caring about people." Dean shifted so that he could place a kiss directly over Castiel's heart. "I don't like that they hurt you. But I'm glad you left."
Sam didn’t think that was as funny as he did. He kept looking back and forth between Dean and Jimmy – who, grand gesture or no grand gesture, was back to eating ribs.
Cas pressed Dean tight to his chest, as tight as he could go. "Then I shall have to work harder to keep you warm."
"Right. Give me a second, he's far away. I'll get him." Jimmy closed his eyes. He breathed against Dean's skin, long and deep. Dean just cuddled them, and waited.
He shuffled forward and knelt between Cas' legs. Cas was soft and satiated, he'd just had a wonderful Dean-provided orgasm. And he wasn't even looking at him, he was playing with one of the tiny lube bottles.
"It's an angel thing," Jimmy whispered. "Oh shit, it's an angel thing. That's why you wanted to talk to me, I - I
"Yeah, uh. See. See, that's what I'm afraid of. I don't...." Dean took a deep breath, "I've hurt people, Jimmy. Seriously bad stuff. So I just want to make him feel good. I want him to tell me what he wants. No idea’s too much. And I’m not going to be able to do this if I don’t know you’re  on board too. So... what I need, at least for a while," Dean hooked a finger into the waistband of Jimmy' pants. "Whoever is driving this thing is going to need to keep me up-to-date on how the other guy’s doing. And
The noise was gone, but the lights still hurt to look at directly. It felt similar to eyestrain or lack of sleep - but again, not quite.
"Shhhh.” Dean put a hand at the small of his back and used the other to pet his hair. "You’ll get used to it. I know it sucks. Families are messy. Take your time."
"A number of my vessel’s ideas concern places. The car, the shower, and the outdoors feature prominently. He wants to drop to his knees and take you into his mouth, and watch you struggle to stay standing. He wants me to watch as he does this. He wants to wash your skin, and your hair. He wants to play… whatever ‘Naked Twister’ is. And strip poker."
Jimmy did an exaggerated look around the badly lit time-share bathroom. "Amazingly, I am aware that you and your brother are traveling demon hunters trying to stop the apocalypse. Which I guess makes me... also that." He smoothed a thumb over Dean's lips. "Don't worry. I signed up with Cas way before I met you. If you want to talk about not exactly normal."
Dean folded in smaller on himself. Couldn’t look at them. Couldn’t make himself ask to touch them. They shouldn’t touch him. He wasn’t going to throw up. He wasn’t. "I'm sorry. I’m sorry, don’t know what went wrong, I just..."
Dean needed to figure out how he felt about what Cas wanted. Figure out his own really mixed feelings.
It was like someone had poured a bunch of liquid nitrogen into Dean’s veins. Maybe - that didn't have to mean what he thought it meant. There was the kind of fear that kept you from being stupid and the kind that
"Sorry, could you repeat that? I got distracted. I'm pretty sure I've had less than four hours sleep in the past two days. Wait. No. I slept with Cas last night when... Oh."
Okay that was hot. Like... Cas begging was not something Dean had ever even considered, but he was pretty sure it was going to feature in his fantasies from now on because
good at following orders. Now that Dean was relaxed enough, Cas was able to slide in a finger. The sensation made Dean close his eyes.
Jimmy did an unconscious split-second smile, before turning back to Sam. "Yeah, um. That's me. Absolutely. Brother-in-law."
inside him. And Dean might have been imagining it, but he swore he could feel the texture of the come inside him. He moaned softly, around Cas' thumb.
Dean looked back out at the yard. The kids were gone. It was dark out. They had forgotten to put away their toys. He really needed to be better about making them do that. The yard was full of lightning bugs. He and his dad caught some in a jar once.
He was on a bed. He could see the surface. But the current kept pulling at him and he was getting tired.
. Jesus! That's one more thing. No daddy kink. Not my thing. REALLY not my thing. Oh God, you have no idea."
Cas nodded slightly. "I am a fool Dean. That does not excuse my actions, to you who should be only honored and adored."
Dean felt safe enough to abandon his grip on the coat, to splay a hand across Jimmy's chest. "Nobody's going to be able to come at me when Cas is there, you know? It's just... for a second, it wasn't Cas. I thought... Your hands feel totally different, and I was fine, but I couldn't stop remembering. Which
Dean took his hand. And he let himself have a few moments more, his breathing unsteady. It wouldn't have been so upsetting, if Jimmy didn’t so obviously have
He hadn't been mad at Cas before. There was no way he could have known about how Alastair used to be. But
it is," said Jimmy. "There you go. Opening up for me." A finger slipped into Dean, small circular motions. "There you go, beautiful. Doing real well."
Dean had been through a lot in a very short time. Putting two and two together took longer than it should have. And he had
"Nah. Leave it. Whoever owns this place is clearly an exhibitionist masochist. What’s with those windows? No curtains! And the best couch is facing the street? Weirdos.” The longer Dean spent in this room, the more he did
"The inside of my head is a mess, Cas. Promise me, if I'm having a nightmare, or worse. You won't bring him in there with you. He doesn't need to see that."
He figured that was enough explanation. His mouth could be put to better use elsewhere. Now with two fingers in, Dean brought his free hand up to grab the base of Jimmy's cock for stability. He paused to come up for air, and add more lube as he searched for Jimmy's prostate. He'd found it before, but life wasn't porn. Sometimes things took a while. Sometimes they didn't go as planned. That was okay. Jimmy really was doing a great job staying all relaxed and open. He gave his fingers another experimental wiggle.
"Right," said Sam. "I'll be there in... a few hours. There's nothing now, because it's four thirty in the morning. But commuter traffic will hit Kansas City at around eight.”
Jimmy leaned over him, a little embarrassed. "But you know. I think everything you do is sexy. You could start growing spikes out of your arm and I'd think it was sexy.
Jimmy moved from his ankles to his knees. Dean didn’t think he’d ever seen him in so few layers before, and didn’t even try to keep his eyes from wandering.
him for it because sometimes he didn’t leave me alone and bleeding out on those white fucking shiny goddanm floors, and you... why the fuck would you do that!" Dean was shouting, and he had gotten off the bed and was standing as far away from Cas as possible, wrapped in Jimmy's trench coat. Clutching his phone like Cas might try to take it from him.
"Um, maybe not this time? But - if that was a thing you really wanted, maybe we’d work out something?" Maybe.
Dean sat on a sofa that felt like it was made of cardboard and plywood, but at least it didn't break. He shifted and patted the space beside him. Cas walked a few steps over, sank down. "This is very uncomfortable." He glanced once at Dean before looking straight ahead. "Should I turn on the light?"
" Dean gestured at himself and the lump that was Jimmy " - need a shower. So if you could go back downstairs because there's no freaking doors in this place, that'd be great."
Jimmy trailed behind him. Stood in the bathroom doorway. Walked in, turned on the shower. Adjusted the temperature.
With a hand around the base of Jimmy's cock for stability, Dean lightly brushed his bottom lip across the slit before climbing back on the bed to give Jimmy a downright filthy kiss. "For luck. Not that I'll need it. But fair warning. If you come in my mouth, I
"Good. I want you to stay just like that. Cas is going to get to a good level for you, and he's going to give you his cock. You can suck it, kiss it, play with it. No hands though. Only your lips and mouth and tongue."
Cas was able to run hands down Dean’s back and over his ass now. Take his lips again. Dean moved his hips in tiny little circles, chasing after that feeling as he kissed Cas like he needed him to breathe.
Jimmy blushed. His eyes flicked around the void they were in, but couldn’t find anything to look at. He looked at Cas. Cas shook his head. Jimmy turned to Dean, but seemed to have decided to talk to his ear.
Cas nodded. "I had it all at once, when I came back to my vessel's mind. Emotions. Some details. Emotions matter more to him." He smoothed his hands down Dean's neck and shoulders. And ended, of course, at the handprint.
Jimmy lay over him, stroked his cheek. Dean smiled at the way Jimmy enjoyed playing with his stubble. He didn't have a beard in any of his mugshots. Maybe he should grow one. He didn’t know if Jimmy would still like him with a beard.
"I know you can't really describe what Jimmy does in a way I can understand, but... can you tell me how it feels?"
"Let me clean up here,"  Sam sounded softer. "You guys go and get the car. I'll get us a motel room. Motel
Castiel's arms felt safe around him in a way he'd been afraid they wouldn't. The hand on Dean's neck felt heavy, and moved over his back and shoulders, kneading into the muscles in a way that felt diagnostic more than therapeutic. Dean didn't know if that meant Cas could see everything he'd done written on his soul and was still willing to touch him. Or if maybe he just didn't know. Either way, Dean found the thought reassuring.
It was the furthest thing from torture imaginable. He was further from the memory of Hell than he had ever been. Right then, none of that had ever happened. Dean wasn't a Righteous Man, broken or otherwise. Just a man who had discovered his fiancé could give really fucking fantastic head.
"It’ll be worse with Alastair dead. I was his. No one else could touch me. Even Lilith was scared of him."
Jimmy nodded, and then swallowed. "Yeah," he said, pitched too high. "Yeah. That. You - go sit over there." He sort of vaguely moved his hand at the end of bed. "Gotta do my thing, you know. Angel stuff. Call Castiel."
it back, steady and solid. His other hand left the garters to tuck Dean's dick back underneath the lace, palming against it and teasing him with the friction. Lying there in Cas' arms, throat bared, body exposed, Dean felt totally safe. He made an unintelligible noise of approval before sucking on the angel's bottom lip, worrying it between his teeth before letting go. Cas went even deeper with his tongue, and stroked Dean's balls with warm fingers.
"I uh, can't speak for Claire, but I wanted to ask. Dean mentioned the possibility of maybe taking his name. Is that the kind of thing - would that be a problem? You are already the Winchesters."
Eyes closed so he didn’t get water in them, Dean found his way to Jimmy's cock by kissing along his thighs. He was
Dean kissed him. It was gentle to the point of almost being chaste. This wasn't the time for words. But he wanted to provide comfort somehow. When they parted, he did not go far. He had the urge just to hold Jimmy and try to protect him from the world. But they could do that later.
.” He took his hand away from Dean’s shoulder. “To die means to go to Heaven or to Hell. We fall, or go to where there is nothing. We cease."
Cas put out a hand to turn Dean's face towards him, holding him so he couldn't look away. "My beloved."
Jimmy ran hands over Dean's shoulders, thinking, grounding himself. "Well. You like using your mouth, and you like my ass. And I haven't eaten anything for probably a month or so.”
He slipped out of bed, giving Cas' ass a playful squeeze. Cas caught the hem of the oversized sweatshirt, dragged it over his head, and Dean freed himself with a laugh before darting out of reach.
"I guess Cas had - scars? Wrong bits. You could tell, looking at him, that some things didn't quite match? But it’s like… the things that don’t match kind of gave you vertigo? There were places where a pattern just ended, or two patterns came together, and was
"Love you," He rested his head against the hand that cradled his face. Slurring. "So much. Both of you."
He extricated himself from the two of them, enough to lie down. Enough to curl up under the trenchcoat and watch the lights move above him in this strange dark void. Cas lay down too, not quite touching, and reached out a hand for Jimmy.
Sam unceremoniously dunked him in a tub of very, very warm water, and pulled away the blanket, which at this point was sweaty and crumpled and gross.
Dean tried to talk, but every time he tried it felt like gravity was coming from the wrong direction. All he could do was hold on until it calmed down. He let Cas take all of his weight, closed his eyes, and waited. A hand stroked down Dean's back. And very slowly, it was as if he felt a change in the altitude, or barometric pressure.
"Why did you stop my vessel? Why did you not want him to see this? Why do you think there is any part of you he would not find beautiful?"
"...I think I get what Jimmy meant about you not getting human sexuality. Let me think of how to explain." He thought about what Cas had said about somehow being both connected to Jimmy and able to see the sky, even with the roof in the way.
"I do not think so, Dean. I may be able to get closer. Approximate a version of myself that will not blind you." Cas' words sounded small and difficult.
Dean didn't say anything. Jimmy unwound the blanket he was wearing around his shoulders. "Come on. Get out of there. You're going to get sick."
Cas bent down, and scooped Dean up into his arms. Dean yelped in surprise, then laughed. "You’re strong! Keep forgetting you’re this strong!" He looped his arms around Cas' neck and kissed his cheek. "You're like the knight who keeps showing up to rescue me. From Hell, and from cold bathroom tile."
"Maybe if you get Cas hard enough, he could fuck you too. I don't know how long I'll last in that pretty ass of yours. That sound good to you, kitten?"
Dean let go of Cas and picked up the computer again. This time he used both hands to type. Searching
Dean just sat, trying to pull himself together enough to be able to talk. He didn't really have anything to say, but that wasn't the point.
just change your temperature? I don't want to rush anything - but how do you feel about edging? Because if he can do
With his other hand, Sam had started to rub a damp towel vigorously across Dean’s neck and shoulders, like he was trying to sand off the first layer of skin. Checking for injuries, probably.
"And so he... what, locked you up and stole the Impala? Why do you not have your car and aren't sure exactly where you are?"
left part of himself in the Pit. Sure mostly he was able to manage, but it wasn't like he was a complete person. Alastair had found a way to break him, and leave Dean with those cracking edges. He'd started all this by breaking. Alastair had made an offer, and he had said yes.
"You." Dean turned towards the kiss. He suddenly needed the blindfold off. It was too much. With shaking hands, he slipped it away and saw that the room around them had vanished, replaced with an approximation of the patterns Cas had shown him earlier. A pale imitation of Castiel's true form. The best Dean could do.
good. If all angels were like this, no wonder Saint Teresa looked like she was having such a good time in that statue.
"Don't think I can feel fear right now? Didn't think I was scared before. But way less scared now. I think we were doing something important. Hard to focus."
Dean's confusion vanished. In a moment, he closed the space and wrapped Cas in a hug. "You did fine."
"It's not just 'stop," said Jimmy. "I want to know that you're doing good, but it's intense enough already and we shouldn't go crazy with more. I want to know when you feel, not bad but
and let someone else worry about things. Because no matter how much he bucked, it was Castiel's mouth setting that steady pace. No matter how much his body begged for more, Cas denied him. And all Dean had to do to change that was ask. He didn't, but he
Dean felt Cas shudder, through the cock he held against his throat. The fingers holding his head spread to a wider, firmer grip. Cas kept up his motion, slow and firm and inexorable.
"Now if you don't mind," said Jimmy. "I'd really like my husband to make love to me." He deflated a tiny bit. "You know. If he's up for it."
"Chuck!" Dean said it like a swear word, and was out of the shower without an explanation. He dialed his phone, got an answering machine. Left a message –
And Dean found himself emerging gradually from his cocoon. A hand came a little lower on his back to support him.
Choking. Struggling to breathe. Darkness at the edges of his vision. Dean shook his head, trying to shake away the memories, and looked into the clear blue eyes of the man who held him there. "I - no. Forget I said anything. Not sexy. I repeat. Not. Sexy." He didn't need to explain. "Give me something else to focus on."
"Tell me if I do something you don't like." Cas said, and titled Dean into the spray, letting the water pressure get at his back and hair.
This was too much. Dean regretted it already. "You know, never mind. Sorry. You're just really hot. Makes it hard to think straight."
Dean felt a deep, long kiss - a kiss that was a universe, a kiss that explored him and left him vulnerable, a kiss that went from tender, to brutal, to tender again. And he felt Cas' chest rising and falling against his, the breaths slowing down.
"I'd love to have some kind of explanation for you. It's just sad that all there was going on is me, being scared and wrong and dumb.”
It wasn't more than a token protest. As soon as he knew Jimmy was okay, he was going to have Cas steal that hideous comforter and bamf them back to the good bed. Sam would just have to wait to get his giant clothes back.
"But it's not like I'm going to wait that long to have you unwrap me." Dean continued kissing his way southwards, but brought a hand up to keep playing with Jimmy's nipples.
"I... Yeah..." Dean sniffled slightly as the crying threatened to start up again. At least he was past the weird laughter. "Thanks. I wasn't... it was kind of a surprise, to be honest."
Both brothers stopped squabbling to look at him. Jimmy had about five separate emotions on his face. But mostly joy.
"Thank you. For - " Jimmy paused, trying to find the right words. "I think I should just thank you for everything."
"Don't know what he wants to do about the name situation." Dean wasn't even bothering with a plate anymore, was just stealing food off of Jimmy's. "Have to ask him. If he wants to go by Novak, that's fine with me."
"I am, ah. I am going to have to tell my wife, though. So I can get divorce papers or a death certificate. Whatever's easiest."
a lot of monsters in the world. There always were. You do your best to protect your kid from them, but you know that’s not something you can do, not completely. So. You train them up as best you can. And make sure they're able to call you, if they need you."
A short pause on Sam’s end. "So I guess that means I'm showing up in... where's he from? Illinois? Showing up in Illinois wearing the Fed suit and serving divorce papers?"
"I want to make you feel good. And I want to know I'm doing a good job. I might even like it if you got a little bossy. Nothing hotter than a man who knows what he wants."
Dean felt gloriously full and without the need for distance, able to enjoy the sensation of Cas inside him. He turned his face towards Jimmy in search of a kiss, and ended up leaving one along his jawline. That was fine. He wrapped his legs around Cas, to draw the angel closer.
"Is that why - " Jimmy laughed, then gasped as Dean rolled his nipple against a callus. "Is that why - you always wear about twenty-seven shirts? Like the whole unwrapping thing - that much?"
Jimmy was slowly coming back to himself, small movements and tiny noises. He opened his eyes, and looked at Dean. Rolled in close.
He picked up where he left off, kissed his way to the center of Jimmy's chest before coming back up to steal a quick kiss. He got to be the one to walk Jimmy through this. Or he would, if he could stop kissing long enough. And Jimmy was not helping, hanging on to every kiss Dean gave him, straining up as he tried to keep him flat to the mattress. "You're lucky you have such a gorgeous cock. Or I'd just want to keep doing this. And I'd never get around to doing you."
Dean came up for air long enough to get that knife away from him, throw it into the far wall. He was kissing Cas again before it hit its target. He knew it would hit. He was good at this, and it was an excellently weighted knife.
Hands weren't allowed, so it took a few tries before he managed to use his nose to position it so that he could do the same to the other side. The angle made it a little strange, but Dean managed to curl his tongue under the shaft so that he could pay more attention to the underside. Not using his hands made this considerably more difficult. But it also made it kinda fun.
Cas nodded. A pause. Then, one of Cas' hands covered his. Guided by Castiel, and his strength, Dean softly moved his hand along his angel's back. And the moment his fingers brushed the very edge of Cas' shoulder blade, Cas made a noise that sounded like a
He kissed Jimmy softly. Jimmy kissed back. "Hey. Hey there. I've got you looking out for me, don't I? I'm going to be okay."
Dean hadn't been expecting to be handed the whole thing, and didn't have enough hands to make this work. So after a second he just shrugged, and squirted it directly onto Jimmy.
"I put this body back together,” Cas murmured. “I held your soul within me. I do not know how you did not become a demon, Dean, in that place. I do not know how you remained yourself so well.”
"Me too. My limits aren't always going to be where I think they are. But we'll be okay. I told you, this is a type of connection that can be used to heal."
Cas' hand came to his cheek again, and turned his face outward. "No. These tears are a victory. Do not hide them."
Dean smiled softly at Cas, doing his best to pull him into an embrace despite the weird angle. "You know, there'll be other chances for sex. We can just cuddle until you feel better. Either way, fine by me." Actually, just cuddling sounded kinda nice right now.
I wish we had some lube right now but human bodies don't work like that. Sorry. Some other time though?
Dean wasn't ready to deal with this right now. Didn't want to think about all the ways this could go horribly wrong.
"Yeah." Dean said it like they were talking about the weather. Like this was a perfectly normal conversation about hunting werewolves or possessed children or something. "It's fine though. He's dead. I'm fine." And that was true, mostly. Except for the part where he was currently hiding in a bathroom talking to his little brother about it.
Dean could feel his body responding and was quietly thankful they were doing this in a dream, because lately that seemed like the only place his dick would cooperate. The sight of it in Jimmy's mouth was equal parts arousing and frightening, and the flash of irrational fear was followed by guilt. This was
Dean took a slow, deep breath before turning to face Cas again. "You made a mistake. Mistakes happen."
"I'm going to ask Cas to bring you here, to where I am. You were right the first time. I should have come to you."
Jimmy hissed in a breath and made a kind of squeaking sound, and then very suspiciously brought both his bent knees up to center. Dean just smiled, entirely too pleased with himself. "Okay. Enough mushy stuff. Just so we're clear, because I still can't believe I get to do this, I'm going to watch him touch himself
Jimmy touched noses with Dean in a silly little rabbit kiss. "Wouldn't want you to get cold while we're away."
you Dean. I cannot believe you let it get this bad. And then just went to strike off on your own. No backup. That's not what Dad taught us." Sam kicked open a door, and they were in another room with tiles, only this time the tiles were peach, not white. Some of them had ducks on them.
Cas’ hands explored his balls, and the delicate skin behind them, before he bent his head and began to kiss there – just as Dean had done with Jimmy. His kisses started almost imperceptibly light, leaving tingling nerve endings. But soon he got more confident, and kissed harder. He brushed his lips against the inside of Dean’s thigh. “Should I open you up with my mouth, instead of my fingers?” he asked. “I know you discussed this with my vessel.”
Jimmy was staring at him. And for a split second his eyes got bigger, and Dean almost stopped. But then Jimmy wolf-whistled, and crossed his arms behind his head.
“He is as aware as he chooses to be. As the proceedings cease to interest him, he fades into my being. I could construct worlds to content him. But for now, I seem to be enough.”
Jimmy leaned forward over the pillow, to touch his forehead to Dean’s. And Dean was holding onto Jimmy's hand for dear life.
Dean kissed him. It was messy. It was the kind of clumsy he’d been when he was a teenager. He only just managed not to knock their teeth together, but their noses weren't so lucky. Jimmy laughed, and rolled on top of Cas with him, kissing Dean back in just the same way.
"I think maybe we should start slower? Make out maybe, and see where that goes? Most of this stuff - I mean, sure sex is nice, really nice, but it's the part where you stay afterwards that's important.” Dean abruptly stopped talking as he ran back through their conversation. "Wait. Did you just say what I think you said?"
Jimmy walked over to him, and put hands on his back. Dean rinsed the mess out of the sink, and then gargled some water to try and get the taste out of his mouth.
That made things snap into focus. Dean knew the question he was too afraid to ask - the one he was going to ask anyway.
Even under all the compliments, Jimmy looked uncomfortable. "Kind of a thing, right? Bottoming?" He looked like he wasn’t sure he had the right word. "Lots of things that can go wrong."
Cas hummed against the underside of his neck. Warm breath, the slight texture of Jimmy's five o'clock shadow. "I feel your heartbeat."
He let his words hang in silence. An easy sort of quiet. Dean could have put music on. He didn’t. Despite his best intentions, his hand made its way back over to Cas.
. A hand cupped his cheek as Cas made a sound that might have been a word, or the start of a word, but mostly sounded like a relieved exhale. Dean pulled back to pay special attention to the tip, running his tongue around the edge and playing with the slit.
It was disorienting, tipped backward in Cas' arms like that, suspended in the air. It was actually a lot like when Cas had him in that wedding carry, except now Cas was sitting on his hips, stroking Dean with the hand that
Was it too cliche to say that it felt like heaven? Probably. Did cliches exist for a reason? Oh, yes they did. "You have no idea how many cheesy angel pickup lines I know."
Dean flung his arms around Cas. He hugged so tight that if it had been just Jimmy in there, he would have cracked a rib.
Sam had been busy. There was a thick line of salt poured across the threshold, angelic and demonic warding sigils spray-painted on the windows, and the least crappy of the three couches had been dragged into the kitchen, out of sight of the street. Sam was lying on it, headphones on and computer in his lap. As they came in, he looked up.
"Yeah. Guy’s a health nut. Not sure where I went wrong with that one. He never does this unless he's trying to be nice. So get that amazing ass out of bed and into the shower so we can get some food before it gets cold."
Dean began to move his head as he sucked on Cas' thumb, running his tongue over it, giving Cas an idea of how he wanted to suck his cock. If that was even possible, with whatever he had going on down there. Maybe blowing Cas would dislocate his jaw. Cas could just heal him afterwards though. But that was a thought for later.
on his fingers."There is no angelic word that I know. We were not encouraged to use our bodies this way."
Dean tried. Couldn’t find the right words. Or any words at all, really. This was everything he wanted, so much more than he thought he could have. It was overwhelming.
Cas made some quiet, low noises, but if they were words, Dean didn't understand them.Then he moved, climbing over Dean's hips and pressing Dean's hand back against the mattress.
myself in you, and I'm going figure out exactly how you like to be fucked, and then you're only going to be able to think about
It was easy to forget just how new all of this was for Cas. He could be weird sometimes, but a kind of weird that Dean was surprisingly into.
And they were sprawled on a comfortable mattress, in a room that was not getting much heat from the day outside.
Suddenly, he had a thought. "Shit, I told him to go find you. Is he there? Sammy, if he's there, I'll find a way to get to you. Whatever you do, don't let them make you say yes. I'll be right there. I promise."
"Remember how you wanted me to kiss you earlier, and I wanted to kiss you, but I asked you first? I was mostly just teasing, but it was good, right?"
Cas didn't seem to know what to do with his hands, and reached out to touch Dean's cheek. "My vessel has... no words for you. He only knows he wants. Anything you are willing to give."
"That's... way more accurate than I was expecting. Yeah. Sometimes it's not a big meaningful thing, but it's supposed to feel good, at least. You aren't supposed to use it to hurt people. But some people do."
for it. This was why he avoided feelings. If feelings were involved, sooner or later he'd end up like this.
Dean kissed his way down Jimmy's neck, right around where his shirt collar would be, and proceeded to leave... a very obvious hickey. Tasteful, as far as these things go. "I’m imagining you going into work with that tomorrow. I want your whole office to know you're getting fucked, and it's amazing. Maybe you'll wake up late, have to go in with sex hair. You always look like you have sex hair anyway."
He took his hand off Jimmy's cock long enough to fumble for more lube. Just for his own peace of mind. When he pushed in a newly slick finger, Jimmy made a sound that was definitely not a word. "Pressure. I've got like... pressure…"
Cas passed over the coat, and Jimmy draped it around his shoulders. Dean pulled it tight, not letting himself look at either of them. Instead he watched the strange geometric patterns move above him. The same patterns from the lace that he wore, that now felt like something shameful. Something he shouldn’t ask for.
If anything more aware, not less. Jimmy bottomed out, and took a moment to breathe and pause before stretching up to softly kiss him. Dean was so deliciously full. It was like something had completed a circuit inside him.
"Scared, wrong and dumb." Dean laughed. It was a jagged and bloody thing, that laugh. "Sounds more like me than you."
"I know, right?" Dean ran a hand down his chest, over his hip. "Couldn't figure out why you were rocking the sexy Inspector Gadget look, but I think you might be onto something."
Castiel had never put on Jimmy’s clothes before, and was deep in the process of figuring out how they worked. He didn't seem to understand the concept of layers, and was wearing shoes but no socks, a button down but no undershirt. But Dean didn’t say anything. Cas was a quick learner. If he got stuck,
Jimmy bent down to kiss him properly, which shut him up. Cas stayed reclined against his pillows smiling indulgently at their game.
hurt. But I want you to hear me say this, Castiel. While I can talk to you like this. You feel so good inside me."
"This is safe. I'm safe. And I don't think I actually age. I've got all the time there is.” Jimmy's fingers combed through his hair. “I like your weight on top of me. I like feeling you between my legs. I like looking up and seeing you, looking at me like
"Not sure if it’s because of that Righteous Man prophecy or if it’s like... the angel version of a valet doing doughnuts in a fancy car or what."
A heavy chill spread through the room, frost climbed along the windows, and their surroundings snapped back into focus. But it didn’t matter. They'd already heard too much.
Jimmy's cheek was against Dean's chest. He was quiet. Dean stayed silent for a minute too. "I wish he hadn't shown you that." His own voice sounded too much like the cold version of himself from that awful demon-virus future. He took a deep breath. Exhaled slowly.
He looked up at Jimmy through his lashes, not even trying to be sexy. Just where he was when he thought to ask.
Jimmy lightly punched his arm. “Since my partners are both so very direct – I mean the saying things out loud so you can look at them. And also the sex. I mean, sue me. People sex is good, and I wasn't having any with Castiel, and now I am. So that's good."
Jimmy was breathing so heavily. And still talking, swearing - it sounded like swearing. But maybe not swearing in
Jimmy looked a little sad, and pushed Dean's hair out of his face. "Hey, pretty," he said, trying out the word, a little question in his voice..
The breeze was cool and the sunlight was warm, as Dean sat on the steps of the porch holding his beer. Lisa would be by soon to pick up Ben, but he already had his things together. Claire was helping him fly one of those styrofoam gliders with the wings that fall off. He was getting better, but the angle was still too steep. Every time, it would stall and crash back to earth, falling to pieces.
"The problem isn't guys is it? You were fine with me." Jimmy closed his eyes for a second, and said low: "Give us a minute, okay?" His eyes opened, and looked at Dean. They were blue like Castiel's but they weren't Castiel's.
Dean fought against sleep, but couldn't fight the full body yawn. He let himself burrow back into the covers next to... he was pretty sure it was Jimmy, this time. "You really meant it, huh?" He wished Sam weren't here for this. But come on, he couldn't
"He's... listening." Jimmy had seen the self-help article on the screen, and seemed to know what it was at least.
The pause continued for a second more. Then Jimmy practically tackled him into the wall, with an unbelievably intense kiss. Dean kissed him back, and tried not to fall over.
Sam shot him a bitch face. "If ever you even try to get me to wear one of those hats, you are dead to me."
Jimmy just seemed to want to hang on to him, nestle into him, and breathe. That was fine by Dean. He'd had sex a few times since getting out of Hell, but this was the first time he'd managed an orgasm. He’d been so afraid he wouldn't be able to. Not when he was awake, and not in actual, physical agony. He'd been ready to be okay with that. He could make Jimmy and Cas feel good, and that would be enough. So this was...
"I'm not an angel anymore, Dean,” said the figure, who was almost Cas. “I'm practically human. Jimmy's dead mostly. Still rattling around in here somewhere. He screams sometimes. You and I don't talk anymore, not if we don’t have to. I mean, why the hell
Cas breathed, and detached. "I'm sorry, beloved. Only that I feel my vessel’s soul as it should be. And I thank you, for what you have done for him."
. With more dirty, less dancing, obviously. But the same deal. We’ll have him dancing the horizontal mambo in no time." Dean could picture it. Him behind Cas, carefully correcting his technique while “Hungry Eyes” played in the background. Touching him a whole lot more than was strictly necessary.
"I could finish you with my mouth. You could hold me as my vessel fucks me. You could fuck me as he does. There are so many possibilities Dean, and I want to try them all."
Cas just looked at him. "That? Through most of my existence, that would not have registered as hurt to me. It certainly would not have been accidental.”
"You're so beautiful," said Jimmy. "You're so beautiful, and I wish I could say it better – you – your
Dean was diving for his shoes and his knife. It must have fallen under the bed somewhere when Cas knocked over the lamp. And his pants were gone. Did he need a crucifix for holy water if he had a literal angel? He didn't know. If they survived, he'd find out.
Pulling the jacket the rest of the way back on, Dean started over. He'd gotten naked in front of enough people to have a pretty good idea of how to make it look good. Or at least, not boring.
Dean was still processing the idea that he and Cas weren't separated from actually touching. And suddenly, everything that had happened in the past few days was so much more meaningful. That had been Cas' first time. Cas could
If Dean were in a better place right now, he'd have some comment about Cas running around stealing junk food without clothes on.
Jimmy was holding on a little too hard. "Dammit," he said. "I think I can't love you any more, and you have to go and say something like... what am I supposed to do with that?"
"Yeah, that's what I've been saying." Dean was tired. As soon as they hung up he was going back to sleep. He wanted this day to be over. "It’s good you're happy you killed him. Means I can stop kicking myself about how that whole thing went down."
Dean leaned his head against the door and tried to find shapes in the stucco of the textured ceiling. "That's what I thought. I thought maybe this could be something good. Like meeting him was the one good thing to come out of this mess." And now that he knew Cas was still out there, he whispered. "I thought I'd found someone. He even held me when I freaked out on him the first time."
"Good. That’s good. You belong here. Hey – what's Jimmy up to?" Dean wouldn't have admitted it, but he'd almost forgotten Jimmy was there. Cas was just that good.
he was sucking a cock. Jimmy’s mouth moved from Dean’s bottom lip, to the side of Cas’ shaft, and back again. He had a little nipping action for Dean that he did not do for Cas.
Now, safe under the covers and the familiar coat, Dean curled up and buried his face in the pillow again. But still kept his back turned.
Dean held Jimmy close and rested both their bodies against Cas. He made sure to choose his words carefully. “I’m having a great time just like this,” he carded his fingers through Jimmy's hair. “I’m good, don’t worry. And I have a handsome man in my arms who thinks I look good. I still want you to fuck me. I still want to call you Daddy. And I still want you to pin me to the mattress and make me forget my own name because I'm too busy screaming yours.”
And he felt Cas’ muscles grew rigid and tight around his body, around his cock. Cas almost wasn’t able to get words out. “Dean - I - ”
Jimmy couldn't reach Dean's face, not with three fingers slowly fucking him, but he unclicked a few of the fasters on the corset one-handed. His thumb stroked the new inch of skin.
“Hey sweetheart,” Jimmy gasped out. “You can’t actually talk right now since you’ve got your lips around my cock. You’re so focused when you’re like this – for me and Cas – like nothing else in the world matters.”
Dean heard the sound of the shower turning on. He suspected Cas was showing off, just a little, as the bathroom door opened by itself, the lights turned on for them, and the shower's glass door slid open. And if Cas was trying to woo him, it was working. Dean wasn’t kidding about the tile floors.
Jimmy touched his face again, and kissed him. And as he kissed, the body in Dean's arms got more still, the hand moved to the back of his head and held him with a strength that wasn't Jimmy's. The kiss itself got even deeper, and kind of dirtier too, with the amount of tongue in play.
Now there was a thought. Maybe the guy was still around haunting people. Maybe Dean could fill him full of rock salt. But he was distracted, by the feeling of Jimmy's body pressing up, and then back down against him.
"Give me three days,” he said, finally. “And I'll have an ID for you that says 'Jimmy Winchester.' Unless you want to hyphenate. Then it'll say Jimmy Winchester-Novak."
And with that, he was completely back in the here-and-now. Safe to abandon the death grip he had on Sam, Dean pulled the shower curtain between them. "You shouldn't have had to see that." He pulled a little too hard, and now part of the shower curtain was dangling. "Any of it. Hey, can you grab me a towel?”
And when his lips touched - there was less pressure than before, and his hands were firmly at his sides, not in Dean’s hair or across his back. His eyes were open, and the crease between his eyebrows - pure determined concentration - was weirdly adorable. Dean felt himself fall a little more in love. Cas was clearly afraid of doing something wrong, but it didn't feel like pity. He found his hand and without breaking the kiss, brought it to rest on his hips. "Cas. We're good. We talked. If something goes wrong, we'll figure it out."
