Steve had never been the type of guy to give up on something, even when it was a hopeless case.  So he took these stolen moments and savored them, even if they resembled something like torture, and he let himself get talked into doing one crazy stunt after another simply because Tony asked him to.  Because he always wanted to be the one Tony turned to, be the reason Tony lit up with happiness, and Steve couldn’t even bring himself to care that his heart ached that much more every time it happened.  Even a little bit was better than nothing at all.
He could stay.
“What’s wrong?” Tony asked, his tone becoming sharper, demanding, and that didn’t help things at all. “Are you hurt?” Tony asked, his fingers moving upward before Steve could say he was fine, that it was nothing—
For the prompts “Alien invasion” (cap_ironman bingo) and “phobias” (avengers_tables).  Title from Muse's "Uprising."
“I’ve already told you I don’t want a Dom.  Nothing personal, Mr. Stark,” Captain America said
Tony fidgeted for a second and then sighed. “Look, Steve—”
“When we sparred,” he said quickly. “I mean, obviously he hit me some. It is fighting after all. But most it was all open palms, and Steve would stop a few inches away, and it was weird, Pep, weird.”
when Tony hadn’t had the chance to age—
Couldn’t he have today? Just today. He’d loved Steve for so long. Surely he deserved one day to let himself love him as much as he wanted.
He’s already come once, but he wants to do it again, wants Dr. Stark to fuck him with the speculum, to force him as wide as he can go and leave him like that until he’s begging for mercy.
“Do you want me to bite these delicious tits too?” Tony asked, using his nails, and Steve shuddered all over, thighs clenching together.
He should’ve said he’d never considered it before but that he wouldn’t rule anything out for the right person. That he’d never met anyone like Tony before, had never felt for anyone the same kind of happiness and eagerness that he felt when he thought about him. He should’ve told him almost anything else other than what he'd actually said and if he had, then maybe he’d be practicing with Tony right now instead of being nearly crippled with the fear that if he didn’t enjoy doing it, Tony would take it as proof that their relationship wasn’t going to work out.
And then the-the
Steve rolled his eyes, but what did he know?  He’d gone from being a tall, gorgeous, extremely fit man with short blond hair to a tall, gorgeous, extremely fit man with long blond hair.  He couldn’t understand Tony’s pain.
“Don’t you already know?” he asked, looking down at his hands in his lap. They were clenched into fists, and he forced them to relax.
Tony’s eyes flick up to meet his. “Nooooo,” Tony says, his face starting to become red the longer they look at each other, and the fact that Steve caught Tony staring at his ass really shouldn’t be a surprise, considering Steve’s been hoping for exactly that to happen, but it is. Maybe just because it’s the first real
He sighed, rolling over.
and thinking
“Key’s in my pocket,” Stark gasped, knees crumbling until the only thing keeping him upright was Steve’s desperate hold.  “Pickpocketed the guard.  Didn’t want you to leave me behind,” he explained weakly, as if Steve would’ve abandoned him even if they hadn’t been handcuffed together.
The things he was going to do to him.
“Then what is?”
It didn’t matter though in the end. First, because Pepper was a hell of a lot scarier than Steve, and he wasn’t going to back to her and admit he’d taken off again without discussing anything; second, Tony had already made up his mind to do this as right as he possibly could—with or without Steve’s cooperation—and come hell or high water, that was what he was going to do.
“Please, the … the clamps. I want them,” Steve said, his shoulders twitching as he fought to keep the lower half of his body as relaxed as he could. The clamps wouldn’t exactly help with that, of course, but Steve always preferred pain with his pleasure. It’d taken Tony a long time to realize that when they’d first gotten together, but he knew it well now.
Could it?
Not that Steve’s current response is normal. He’s starting to get a waft of his own scent coming up from all the slicks he’s leaking, and he has to close his eyes for a moment as his cheeks burn.
be trying, even though every time he opened his mouth, he seemed to make things worse.
really cold. Dr. Stark is going to see a hell of a lot more than his bare chest, so there’s no reason to suffer if he doesn’t have to.
“What, really?” Tony asked, and Steve didn’t understand how he could look so surprised. “Even when you were a teenager? You never locked yourself in your room and kept at it until you just couldn’t anymore?”
“You know, the only person I want is you,” Tony said, wanting to cringe at the sappiness and the utter truth behind the words.  “The packaging aside, it was still you and me on the inside, and that was what mattered.”
For one moment, Steve’s sure Tony’s going to dab at his lap with them, and his cock twitches against his jeans so hard that Steve’s sure Tony can see it—
He finds himself wondering if Tony has always had that kind of body underneath his lab coat, and even as he acknowledges the absurdity of the question, he can’t stop thinking it. Yes, he started falling for Tony because of his kindness and personality and okay, his good looks, but how could Steve have not known? He feels almost cheated that he hasn’t been fantasizing about what (else) was under Tony’s clothes.
something to make Tony see, and together, they could find a solution. Steve had to believe that. “I’ll let you know.”
He cautiously pokes at one of the feet—weird, stubby things that don’t seem long enough to do anything useful but still successfully manage to hold Humans and Angels upright—and frowns when he doesn’t get a reaction. It’d be really disappointing if the first Angel he meets is a dead one.
came out of nowhere, and his cock, which had gradually been softening while he pondered potential sleeping arrangements, decided to perk up once again, slapping against his stomach at the recollection of Tony’s words.
Steve wishes he could focus on what Dr. Stark is saying, but how can he when his nipples and hole are
. Your well-being means more to me than, than trying out a new toy, or whatever plan I had for the night, or any anger I might feel at the time. I’m not—” Tony let out a huff of laughter, but it sounded ragged. “Doms aren’t perfect. We make mistakes, but we have to trust that our Subs will let us know when that happens. It’s not a
Tony reached out to help him, but Steve’s body curved away, and it would’ve been easy for Tony to be hurt by the rejection, except he knew the only reason Steve was getting off his knees was for him.
He hadn’t had much luck with it in the past, what with people trying to take over his business and/or kill him, so yeah, maybe he did have a problem with intimacy, but he kind of thought he was justified, all things considered.  Who wanted to open up to someone and then wait to be
, has things to do, Steve’s naked body to video, and it’s all about the priorities really.
“Besides, I don’t know that I even want to be part of your secret society anymore.  Are there cool handshakes involved?  Do I get my own key to the clubhouse—”
“What kind of additional things are they asking for?” It’s not like he really knows what happen in a doctor’s office beyond the routine, but he’d love to hear more about Tony’s invention.
someone was happy to see him.
“Let’s find out how quickly you can come again,” he said, but even though he’d given himself permission, it wasn’t the same anymore.
He hadn’t been sure. He’d wondered if Tony recognized how hard he was trying. How much he wanted to make up for doubting Tony. For leaving him alone and being the reason invaders came into Tony’s home. For not loving Tony the way he should.
Tony deserved the benefit of the doubt, deserved, in fact, Steve’s faith, and Steve wanted desperately to give it to him … but how well did he really know Tony when it came to something like this?
“Hugging me,” Steve said, making it into a question.
The object was to get some damn excitement in his life, and killing just wasn’t doing it for him anymore.  He had everything he could ever want, fame, money, power, sex, and what was left?
?  The most important thing to
Steve stared at a face that he shouldn’t have recognized.
He twisted around, trying to relax, his limbs feeling heavy and uncoordinated.
was the one falling to his knees, reaching for Tony’s belt, fingers almost useless in his desperation.  Tony had to undo them for him, hands steadier, although it was all relative really, and then Steve was shoving Tony’s boxers down.  The sound he made when he got Tony’s cock into his mouth was filled with such utter satisfaction that Tony looked down and wondered if he’d come again, and fuck, if that wasn’t one of the hottest things ever: Captain America gagging for Tony’s cock, coming from just the feel of it in his mouth.
“It’s not that often,” Stark said, and he wasn’t even trying to pretend to smile anymore.
to go.  But what else could I do Tony?  They need me out here.
And that whooshing sound had been all of Tony’s thoughts flying out the window.
They switched places on the bed.
“—eve? Are you sure you’re alright?” Tony asks, and Steve wishes he could appreciate the concern in his voice more. “You’re suddenly looking really flushed and like you’re in pain, and your breathing has gotten faster. Would you mind if I checked your—”
order the meatloaf under any condition, but you should be safe with just about anything else.  It’s the best place to wait while I tow your car in, and I’ll come get you after I’ve taken a look.”
Steve had always intended to be obedient. But if this was something Tony actually
“Tony—”
“Steve,” he gasped, his hands fisting at his sides, already teetering on the fine edge of control from something as simple as the warmth of Tony’s hand through his shorts, and
Steve just needed time; time to prove to Tony that he was worth forgiving, worth
“Please, Tony,” he said, his voice cracking, and he didn’t know where to put his hands now that he was done with his task, so he kept them at his side, curled into fists.
He glared at her.
“I’m sorry, but we have to do what?” Steve asked, sure he’d misunderstood.
But then the feeling gradually recedes, and Steve guiltily can’t decide if that’s a good thing or not.
but a faceless Captain America.
After their conversation on milking, Steve hadn’t been sure what to expect afterwards, so he kept his eyes down, blinking back the last of his tears as he fixed Tony’s clothes with shaky fingers, incredibly aware of the burn in his throat and the throbbing in his lips.
The subsequent wave of shame that crashes into him is immense, and Steve knows it’s not actually true, that he didn’t purposefully come to the office to fulfill some sordid fantasy, but that’s what it feels like when he’s this close. He can’t say anything, but he can’t let things keep going either, no matter that he doesn’t want to stop. He’s already been unwittingly edged once, and what he wants to do is pinch his nipples, which are still tingling, fuck, while Dr. Stark takes him apart.
,” she said, clasping both her hands around his. “And who better to be his first than someone who already loves him?”
He was glorious.  Even now, he was still trying to push Tony away.  No matter how many people Tony killed, he knew that he was never going to forget him.
“Yes, I have. I know what to expect. Mostly,” he added, because to be fair, no one knew what to expect, but whatever happened, he was going to save Tony, so that was all that really mattered.
He inhales deeply, and fuck. It should be against the Geneva Convention to be this hard, it hurts so much.
One thing had led to another, and here they are, a year later and living together, and Steve’s been so happy, happier than he’d ever thought possible until—
“Oooh. Ouch.”
-----
It reminded him all too acutely of growing up and being told no Dom would ever choose someone like him, weak and scrawny, someone who was sick all the time and a burden to everyone around him. What good was a Sub who was so fragile, who couldn’t even be properly dominated?
“I think I can handle it,” Tony said dryly, and alright.
Something was different.
“What?” Steve asked, glancing at Tony with such an expression of shock and worry that Tony didn’t know what to think.  When had he become important enough to Steve to deserve that look?  “Something happens to Tony?”
Less than 4 chapters left, guys. I'm serious. I'm getting this fucker done soon. I'm determined not to hit 100K words. Or even 90K.  Maybe not even 80K, fucking hell. This damn fic.
It wasn’t that he wished Stark had seen more hardship during his life, but Steve had no idea what to do with all of this abundance.
For a second, there’s nothing but the thunder of Steve’s heartbeat and the faint sounds of Dr. Stark moving in and out of him and
Tony shrugged. “Maybe not to you, but to myself.”
“What did you . . . ?” Steve began, raising up and letting Tony’s legs fall to the ground, and no matter how awkward the situation, the opportunity was too good to pass up.
-----
“It would be a lot of effort,” Steve said, squeezing Tony’s wrist. “I’m very determined when I want to be.”
It just—it had to.
When he’d called that morning, he hadn’t expected them to be able to fit him in on such short notice. After telling the nurse his symptoms, however—tenderness in his lower abdomen for the past few days, leaking slick all day, hot flashes—she’d put him on hold and then come back to say that if he were willing to see someone other than his normal doctor, he could be seen at 6pm, even though that was when the office technically closed.
“I saw Natasha and Clint today,” Steve said as Tony was dishing himself some salad.
“What do you
Thankfully, Happy chose that moment to lower the privacy window, because who knew what Steve would’ve said to that.
“Dr. Strange’s figured out a way to turn you back, but it’s … it’s a little unorthodox,” he finished weakly, some of his courage failing him. Tony was a gorgeous wolf, with sleek fur slightly darker than his human hair color and a wide, muscular chest. He was, however, still a wolf, in body though not mind, and Steve wasn’t sure how he was supposed to tell him what they needed to do.
That he …
“You wouldn’t mind if I got the nipple clamps then, right?” Tony smiled as Steve moaned and then immediately jerked as the vibrations undoubtedly got faster.
man, the edge of the sheet clinging to his lap in a way that should frankly be illegal.  Steve’s fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth thoughts are pretty much variations of the word “naked” over and over again.
“It’s alright,” he said, because it was.  He knew how much Tony needed to touch him when they did this, and besides, it helped to feel the warmth of Tony’s hands to keep him grounded.  Still, this was the most water they’d ever attempted, and Steve needed a minute to get used to it.  Or to get as used to it as he could, all things considered.
“Shh,” Tony whispered as Four slid down the front of Steve’s pants and Six went down the back. He congratulated himself on convincing Steve he wouldn’t need the costume for some light training. Going through the neck opening would’ve been a bitch.
Steve’s hand started to reach out toward him before closing and being pulled back.
! he thought again, and this time, he managed to shove his memories where they belonged.
Actually saying that, though, actually acknowledging what Steve just did is impossible. Unbearable.
had been cautious about just how he wrestled with Stark, but Stark had seemed oblivious to the change.
“Sure, Tony.”
Tony blinked down at the crumbs on his plate, his brain stumbling and stopping before starting up again.
“But it’s what you would feel like I was doing,” she said, and the corner of his lips came up in reluctant acknowledgement.
He couldn’t decipher the expression on Steve’s face, wasn’t sure he wanted to, and he didn’t understand how he got himself in these situations with no easy way out.
Hours, Steve thought, and he couldn’t really imagine what that was going to be like, nervousness  coursing through him. He had no frame of reference for it but thought it’d probably hurt after a while. Even his body couldn’t handle
Steve didn’t respond, but Tony could see the way the idea gave him pause, that Tony had told anyone about him. Before Steve could become bitter that Tony had been bragging about his latest conquest—and if there was one thing he was sure about Steve right now, it was that Steve was ready to twist his words until they were in the worst possible light—Tony said, “You and I will have to figure out what we want to make public, of course, but Pepper and Happy are like family to me, closer than, like my right and left hands. There was no way I could keep the information from them.”
Tony tilted his head, assessing. “This is what you’re going to do. I want you on your knees, head and chest on the ottoman, head pointed towards the door.”
There was supposed to be more medical kink in this chapter. It just wouldn't work though. Seriously, I could write pages and PAGES of medical kink. But no.
“Yes,” he gasped and nearly came all over himself then and there.
. Just like he always did after a scene.
?” Tony said, loud enough to make the kid wince, and fuck, he had to sit down.
Steve’s eyes searched his for a second, and while he didn’t smile, his expression turned surprised and pleased, and he said, “Alright,” leaning forward to take Tony into his arms.
“There haven’t been.  Any other Doms,” Steve said, like the words were being dragged out of his mouth.
, and sure, I’m not any Joe Schmoe off the street, but you have to be quite the problem child if they’re so eager to get rid of you.”
Tony’s hand came back then, carding through Steve’s hair, slowly and carefully, and he shivered, tilting his head to make it easier for Tony.
"I can't, Tony.  This is too much."
“Yeah, it’s really me. I guess I can’t call you ‘kid’ anymore, though, huh? You’re all grown up,” he said, his eyes turning sad and wistful, and it was just a couple of minutes later that they got him out of his cell and Peter tried to get ten years worth of hugs in all at once.
,” he says, but it’s not, because there’s a sudden breeze against the wet skin on the back of Steve’s buttocks, and it only takes him a second to realize it’s because he’s drawn his legs up so far to hide his erection that he’s exposing his ass to the room. He hurriedly drops his knees back down to the leather, just barely managing to grab the sheet before it falls to the floor, and he clutches it protectively over his groin, looking anywhere but at Dr. Stark.
what you want me to do, isn’t it, Steve?” Tony asked, casually playing with that same button again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Okay, so I am on tumblr again. http://some-blue-jack.tumblr.com/ I don't post much that's fandom related, and I'm all over the place really, so why anyone would want to follow me, I have no idea. BUT sometimes I want to ask for writing prompts, so I need people to follow me so you guys can give me ideas. *puppy dog eyes*
And at his feet were the bags Steve had brought when he moved into the penthouse, everything already packed, neatly and precisely.
Tony moved to the large floor-to-ceiling windows, keeping his back to him, and Steve had to bite his lip to keep from saying anything else. He was acutely aware that he was still holding his shield and duffel in his right hand, having never set them down, and that it’d take one trip to get all his things downstairs if Tony refused. And then that would be it. All traces of his stay would be gone from Stark Tower.
He whimpers a little bit.
Steve, on the other hand, only a small group of people had known who he really was, and he had grown up in a time before the Internet, before people could find out your life story with the click of the mouse, so this had to be excruciating for him.  To make matters a zillion times worse, no guy wanted to admit how little (zero, zilch, nil, nada) experience he had.  And then the fact that Fury was offering Tony a place on the Avengers made him think he was their last resort.  That they didn’t have another Dom lined up after him.  It was Tony or nothing for Steve, and hell, if Tony had been in Steve’s position, he’d be demanding a pen to sign on the dotted line—Tony was quite the catch after all—but instead, Steve was just standing there, looking miserable and almost defeated, and fuck it.
He barely controls the shiver that tries to break free at the idea of Dr. Stark watching.
What was even the purpose of the drape, Steve wondered, as it tore for the third time, the crumpled paper ratcheted back to reveal rents of naked skin. He forced himself to let go of the drape so the damage wouldn’t get even worse, and he stared straight ahead, not twitching when the doctor pressed on any of the bruises that littered his body, even if the feel of his fingers made him want to cringe. He didn’t like being touched, but he could damn well put up with it.
He squeezes his eyes closed, shivering, and this time, a whimper slips free.
Right.
For the prompts “shopping for curtains” (Avengers_Tables) and “kink: rushed sex” (Cap_Ironman Bingo).
“Yeah?” he said, his voice becoming softer, and damn it, they could work whatever this was out. Couldn’t they? If Tony knew about Project Insight or not, Steve could talk to him, could
He missed the first few times, and Steve winced with every rough jab, trying to angle himself better for penetration as Tony began to growl in frustration.
Steve welcomed the contact, still felt starved for Tony’s touch, in whatever way he could get it, and he found himself holding tighter to Tony than he should’ve.
Tony squints at him but kindly doesn’t comment on Steve’s poor life choices.
They hadn’t even . . . Stark had barely
“He didn’t—” Steve tried to smile. “I wondered if he’d make an appearance, but he never did. Not once all night long.”
He swallowed and looked at Tony, wondering how he was taking the news—
“If you—if you’re talking about the marks on my back, then you can’t—” He swallowed loudly, trying to compose himself, shame and guilt and longing running through him. “They aren’t your fault. I was the one who decided—”
“Watch the movie,” Tony whispered, and Steve could hear the smile in his voice.
“Of course not,” Tony said and made a noise that scoffed at the very idea of Steve doing anything like that for him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Lucky thing too, since I’d kept it locked up in one of the company labs, and SHIELD had their fingers in everything up here.” Tony’s lips twisted slightly, but then he clapped his hands. “But what’s the point in waiting? Take off your clothes. Let’s take this baby for a spin.”
“He didn’t say anything.”
It’s a miracle Steve doesn’t slide right off his chair with all the slick that gushes out of him.
“I want you to know that you
-----
Tony was tempted to fuck him with the vibrator, popping the knot in and out of him until Steve came all over himself and floor, but he decided to save that for later.
, for fuck’s sake.  He’d been waiting to meet Captain America his
Luckily for him, the nurse comes in just as Steve’s about to respond.  Unluckily, she tells them that it’s just a standard checkup and that Steve can stay if he wants to, but Tony says, “No, he’s done.  He was just leaving.”
“I don’t know what else—” Tony took a shuddering breath and fiercely bit down on his lip to keep back the rest of what he wanted to say.
“I think we should get married,” Tony announced as he let himself into Steve’s apartment, plopping next to him on the couch.
He needed to see Tony. He needed to be
“Hmm, getting started without me?” Tony asked, the huskiness of his voice moving things low in Steve’s gut, and he realized with humiliation that not only had he woken Tony with all his bouncing on the mattress, but he was standing at an angle that let Tony clearly see the outline of his erection, even in the dark.
The only saving grace is that Dr. Stark isn’t touching the nipples themselves, just the areolas, which is bad enough to make Steve wonder if he can grind his hands down onto his cock without Dr. Stark noticing somehow, but not so bad that he can’t cling to his self-control and resist the urge.
,” Steve said, and even though he’d only heard it once before, Tony thought he could recognize the note in his voice that meant he was about to come, so he eased off a little. He honestly didn’t know if Steve’s leg would keep him upright if he orgasmed, and while Tony could catch him, it wouldn’t be without some collateral damage, which was the reason—the only reason, and not because Tony wanted Steve out of his mind, really—that made him keep winding Steve up, getting him close enough to orgasm that
For those of you who might be worried we've taken a step back, I promise that the next chapter is going to have sweet moments between these two. (Or if not, then the chapter after that, because these things have a mind of their own ugh.) I mean, we're going to get a little kinky again, but sweet moments too.
He went.
“Can you take us back?” he asked then, voice rasping, and Stark obligingly turned around.
“Excellent. And how are you adjusting to being in a contract? I know it can be stressful at first, being in a new situation.”
, a quiet voice tries to whine in his ear, which—
He couldn’t even say why, because he didn’t even want—they’d never talked about it or planned for it, and he didn’t—loving Tony didn’t mean he got to—
“Good. Because that’s the only thing keeping me from delivering the thrashing of your life. Get out of here.”
“It was quiet.”
But … that was what Tony wanted him to wear?
Love,
“I told you before.” He smiled tightly. There was no reason to be ashamed. He knew that, he
That being said, he was nervous as fuck at the thought of meeting Clark’s mom.
he comes in.”
ETA 8/9/15: I would like to apologize to all my readers about the lack of update. I had a bad fandom experience on tumblr several months ago that made me wonder why I was in fandom at all if these were the type of people who were in it with me, and while I've tried to get past it, I really haven't felt like writing very much since then. I'm not discontinuing this fic or anything, but if people are wondering, that is what is going on. (I am writing in another fandom cause my pride won't let me drop out of a big bang I've signed up for, but it's like pulling teeth. Blurgh. I'm hoping that posting it will help me get my groove back, but we'll see.)
him, occasionally thrusting into him when Steve least expects it, or pushing against his hole as he reaches inside of him so Steve is virtually grinding against his hand. All of that plus the fact that Steve doesn’t know what Dr. Stark learned in med school, but whatever he’s doing to his prostate should be illegal in all fifty states, and Steve’s going to come again.
, Tony thought, his hand still tingling from where he’d gotten a good handful of Steve’s ass.  Damn.  Seriously.
“I didn’t
in bed with Steve, exactly, because he had taken his pleasure and enjoyed each and every depraved thing he’d done to Steve. But he’d … tailored things to what he’d thought Steve would like the most, and it’d always been there in the back of Tony’s mind that he was fulfilling a role for Steve, that he had a job to do, no matter how much satisfaction he took in it.
"And before you say anything, yes, I have pictures and other videos of you, but it’s not the same, not even close.  I realize that this is a purely selfish thing that I’m asking, but I don't care.  Do you know how much I’m going to miss you?  So much, Steve,” he says, his grip tightening, and Steve holds his hand back just as firmly.  “I understand why you have to go, why it has to be you and not someone else, and I won’t argue with you about it—
“No.”
“Hello,” Steve said, and he fought the urge to adjust the sheet over his lap more securely.
He’d gotten up that morning after a restless night and gone running on the treadmill—one of the most frustrating pieces of machinery he’d ever had the bad luck of encountering. All that running, just to go nowhere. It had seemed all too fitting for the state of his life. He’d swum afterward, back and forth, again and again, before finally taking a shower and heading toward the kitchen to wait for Stark to make an appearance.
For one incredibly long and frustrated second, Steve struggles to catch his breath and nearly demands Dr. Stark come back and finish what he’d started. But then reality comes crashing down on him.
He hadn’t realized how much energy Stark brought to the room until it was gone, and he didn’t know what to do with its absence.
. He forced himself to relax, to roll his hips obscenely before pulling the toy back out and starting the small pulses again. It hurt a little more the next time he rammed it in, his insides throbbing, but he kept at it, alternating the shallow dips with the deep thrusts, and all too soon, the burn turned into something else.
Warnings: Morning after a drunken binge, waking up naked with someone you don’t know, references to getting drunk by imbibing alcohol from an orifice that is not the mouth
“Tony,” he began in an appalled tone of voice.  “You don’t have—”
He can’t imagine flying everywhere can be that much fun, but Angels obviously do it somehow.
“I’m hurt, Steve, truly and deeply hurt that you would entrust my life into the hands of men that we know nothing about.”  Tony shook his head sadly.  “Just because the tag
It’s fine. That’s fine.
get out of this,” he said, giving Steve another squeeze, “but it wouldn’t be in your best interests. Accelerated healing or not, no one wants broken bones.”
“Don’t even think about it, Stark.”
Steve was surprised into laughing. “
“JARVIS, who’s in the elevator?”
“Seriously, don’t worry about it, Steve.”
“Don’t cry, Sweetheart,” he whispered raggedly, the endearment slipping out, and he shuddered. “Please don’t cry.”
“I just—”
So yeah, he was incredibly happy Bruce and Clark were together and looked like they had every intention of staying that way for the long haul.
“Shit, no, sorry, I don’t mean it that way. There’s nothing
“I think I understand already,” Tony said, his voice calm, steady, and Steve’s head jerked up, but Tony’s eyes weren’t blank anymore. They were indifferent. Tony looked at Steve as if he didn’t even see him anymore, and Steve’s body went numb with panic. Tony was … Tony didn’t …
“Is something wrong, Steve?”
“What are you doing?” Tony grits out as Steve kneels next to him, talking into a little radio that Tony really wants to get a closer look at, although maybe not right this second, the wound like another heartbeat in his shoulder, pulsing and pulsing.  He’s putting as much pressure on it as possible, and perhaps he’s biased against watching his blood run through his fingers, but it doesn’t look good.
Which isn’t bad, of course! It’s just … Steve’s always been the one to push things forward, from broaching the idea of going out to … well, to propositioning him on their first date, and alright, maybe that’s a little fast. And fine, Tony did have the whole legal issue of not hitting on his patient to keep him from saying anything, which Steve completely understands.
He closed his eyes again, letting out a harsh breath as memory started to return.
“You can’t be serious.  That’s just ugly.”
, he told himself, and pulled off his shirt before lowering his boxers down to his knees and shifting his legs up so his feet rested on the bed. He worked up some saliva and spit into his palm, taking his cock in hand.
“Yes, because it’s so exciting for you to lounge around here.”
Steve held the ottoman up until  his arms became numb, the blood draining away from his hands as gravity fought against his body’s demands; until sweat began pouring down, and his breathing became labored; until he began shaking all over, and his face contorted in a rictus of effort; until he started making involuntary grunts of pain, because he couldn’t lower his arms, but he had to let something out; until he thought for sure that the ottoman would drop on his head, because he couldn’t do it anymore, but better that he hurt himself than disappoint Tony one more time—
He hadn’t thought about what it’d be like to have Steve’s hips trapped between his knees, how the flutters of Steve’s hands as he tried to figure out where to put them would make his heart ache, how it’d feel to have Steve open so willingly for him.
Steve couldn’t say anything for a moment, Tony’s words a punch to the gut, and while he could understand in one part of his mind where Tony was coming from, the truth was that it wasn’t what he wanted at all.
What made it even better was that Stark was surprisingly good at this. Steve still had to be careful, but it was obvious that Stark knew how to fight, his moves a mixture of boxing and some other technique that depended on quick strikes from the centerline of the body. If Steve had thought about it, he would’ve assumed that with all of his wealth and intelligence, Stark would’ve relied on other people or his technology to protect him, but he was glad that he would’ve been wrong. Steve didn’t
GUYS. The absolutely lovely
It took a second for Steve to really make sense of what Tony had said, his thoughts sluggish and unwieldy, and when he did, he replied, “Your back, though?”
“Don’t you remember what it was like after he left?” she asked, and it was funny to think she’d been the one to push him towards Steve back in the beginning, considering how opposed she was to the idea of them together now. Too bad he wasn’t laughing.
“You, too, Tony,” Steve whispered, his throat dry.  “You, too.”
, Tony. I know I don’t deserve it, but if you can’t believe anything else I’ve said, then please at least believe that I never meant to hurt you like that.”
“Well, aren’t you on early tonight,” Tony says, and Steve swears he can hear the smile in his voice–finds himself grinning back reflexively and ducking his head as if Tony could actually see him.
“Yes.” Steve raised his chin. “I’ve done some research.”
“Okay, I’m almost ready to start,” Dr. Stark says, and Steve can hear him sit down on the stool. “Now, I’m going to narrate as I go, so you know what to expect. Feel free to ask me anything, and if you need me to stop, just let me know.”
I take you upstairs and said if I wasn’t going to do it, you’d find someone who would.  What could I do?  It was my duty as a good citizen to make sure you didn’t go off with some wackjob and get hurt.  You
Steve doesn’t mean to cry out, but he’s barely started to come down from his orgasm, and while he realizes Dr. Stark isn’t actually going faster or pressing harder than before, Steve is so oversensitized that it feels like he is. Dr. Stark is so deep now, so fucking deep, and Steve doesn’t understand how it still can’t be enough.
Okay.
“Please what?” Tony said, because it was always fun to make Steve ask for what he wanted.
He heard and felt Loki’s sigh, his hand coming up to slowly stroke his hair.  “Yes.  Yes, and that, too.”
“Yes,” Steve said, pushing away from the table with purpose.
The first bite was at the base of Steve’s neck, near his shoulder. Steve was so muscular that Tony’s teeth couldn’t sink in very far, but he enjoyed the heavy weight of him in his mouth, the tang of skin and sweat on his tongue. Steve gasped into the pillow, his shoulders tensing and then relaxing as he tilted his head to the side in order to give Tony more room.
“What do you
That was arousing too, though, the idea that he couldn’t hide anything from Tony, that every jerk and shiver were out in the open for him to read. By that point, though, everything seemed exciting, even the knowledge that it didn’t matter how affected Steve was, because he was waiting on Tony.
“I’ve got a couple of ideas,” Tony said and pulled him into his arms.
He stared down into blue eyes made brilliant by shock and horror, and he thought maybe that wouldn’t be a bad thing.
Finally he sat back down, sagging back against the cushions and covering his eyes with his hand.
He realized Tony was looking at him expectantly.
“Hey, sorry about this, but I’m in the process of moving across the hall, and I have no idea where they packed my flashlight,” the guy said as soon as Steve opened the door.  “Do you mind if I borrow a candle or something?”
“May I have a kiss?” he asked, his voice steady.
for giving this a read-through. You guys were so helpful, seriously, thank you.
Being truthful, however, was . . . intimidating. He hadn’t expected to get along with Tony, let alone like him. The possibility of, of more was—
“No, thank you. It’s one of those things I prefer to find out for myself,” he said, the memory of their kisses flashing through his mind and making him shift in his chair.
Plans indeed.
Steve hurried to the living room and back, then paused just inside the door, not knowing where Tony wanted the ottoman, wondering how long Tony would make him wait this time before telling him. He wasn’t even upset by the idea, was just …
Steve hesitated before shaking his head. He appreciated the offer, but it seemed too much like admitting he couldn’t handle the silence. He wanted the three days to be over. But he wanted to
The two assigned to Steve’s thighs are restless now that they’ve been usurped, and they trace the seam of where Tony’s connected to Steve, as if to see if there’s any room for them as well. There isn’t, but Steve tilts his hips back anyway, as if he’s inviting them to try, and it makes Tony narrow his eyes, even as he strokes Steve’s hair and presses hot kisses to his temple.
"Deep breath now,” Dr. Stark says as he puts the fingers of one hand against Steve’s perineum and pushes the speculum into him, much more easily than it has any right to go.
How could that—how could he—
Tony lifted his head back up until their eyes met.
the waves of smugness radiating off him.
He allowed his drawn-up knees to fall further apart, willing to offer every part of himself up to whatever Tony wanted to do to him if only it would involve release.
Maybe it was time to go back. Nick had said they could use him at SHIELD. He wouldn’t be wanted there, not like—not like before, but he’d be needed, and maybe that’d be enough.
thought it would change … something, though.
“I just wish Dr. Strange had told us you coming back was a possibility,” Peter said from his place right next to Tony, and Steve agreed. “I get that he didn’t want to get anyone’s hopes up and that there were more timelines where you didn’t make it than where you did, but he could’ve at least hinted that there was a
Shirokou on tumblr asked for: Good Morning! *wave* Um, if you’re looking for a prompt, maybe Steve/Tony with Steve as a florist. Tony goes to pick up a “Get Well” bouquet for Pepper or Rhodey, and he keeps going back for more flowers since Steve is cute.
“I’m not. I wouldn’t do that to you, Tony,” Steve said, taking a step closer, and he was going to ruin him when he left again. Tony already knew it. “I missed you. That’s the only reason I’m here.”
“What’s the matter?” Stark said, his smile carrying a sharp edge. “Was it something I said?”
Captain America glanced at him over his shoulder.  “I can’t talk about—are you—do you work for SHIELD?” he asked nervously.
“But when I woke up, there you were,” Steve says, and he sounds awed, grateful, and Tony feels so much love for him that it seems impossible to contain it. “I need you again,” he tells him, and Tony pulls him into his arms.
He’d known, of course, that he would enjoy kissing Steve, but he hadn’t known what every hitched breath and throaty sound would do to him, how it’d leave him feeling wrecked and hollow because it didn’t matter how long he had Steve—it would never be long enough.
It filled Tony with tenderness, and he decided to let Steve keep his silence. “Up on your knees then, but keep your head down and your hands where they are,” he said and wasn’t surprised by the presence of the wet spot he found on the sheets where Steve had been, although the size of it did give him a momentary pause as he stared at it in admiration. If it hadn’t been enough to show that he didn’t need to worry that he was pushing Steve too hard, Steve’s cock, hanging full underneath him, would’ve done it.
Word count: 1,268
“Yes,” Steve rasped out, mesmerized by the sight, feeling like every nerve in his body had come alive from the mere possibility of Tony’s attention.
Didn’t he?
He lifts his shirt and covers his face, breathing through his mouth shallowly, but it really doesn’t help. It doesn’t help at all actually, and he imagines that he can almost taste it on his tongue, Steve’s scent, his desire.
“Because Dr. Phil doesn’t take house calls?” She sighed. “I don’t know what you want me to say, Tony. I mean, you’re complaining that Steve was trying to be nice. Man, what an asshole.”
There's a buzzing in his ears, and he doesn't really process what Dr. Stark is saying, doesn't even react when he touches his thigh and moves upward, too focused on what he knows is in Dr. Stark's hand. He can’t actually see it, but considering how excited he is from the anticipation alone, that’s probably a good thing.
And apparently, Steve
without his lab coat on, and the sight is actually a little strange. Tony and lab coat always go together in his head, though, and it’s not like he didn’t know Tony had an actual body, but he’s honestly never thought about it much.
He revised that estimate about a minute later when Steve had him in a classic Schoolboy pin straight out of the glory days of professional wrestling.
“Tony—”
He presses kisses against Steve’s fingers to ward off the horror of what could’ve happened. If Tony hadn’t gone to the surface, if he hadn’t decided to sunbathe on a whim …
Steve felt Tony move around on top of him and then a sharp tug on the strap around his bicep before it went loose and the material started to slide against his skin.
“Ah, I can see what you’re thinking, and I’m not talking about giving
Stark had already told him that he expected Steve to not embarrass him in public. Rule number two. Would this count?
Tony’s ears went flat and he whined, long and low.
Also, I'm not saying there's a correlation with getting a lot of comments and updating faster, but...
Tony sighed. “Not just what I want, Steve. It’s about what you want too.”
“You are not someone I’d call ‘a good influence,’ Happy.  The last time we went out together, you—”
He clenched his jaw, keeping back all the words he wanted to say that wouldn’t accomplish anything, while all the things he
-----
Breakfast was just as bad as Steve had imagined it’d be, albeit for a completely different set of reasons. Tony kept up a light-hearted commentary about the food and the employees who came in and out for most of it, and while Steve tried to join in, he couldn’t seem to think of much to add. The two of them eventually fell silent, but he could feel Tony’s concerned glances like a weight against his skin.
“That’s … that’s never happened to me before,” he somehow manages to say, and he has the crazy urge to cover his chest protectively. The nipple Dr. Stark had touched is still tingling.
Still, it was never a bad thing to have Steve already frantic to orgasm before they ever really got started.
Tony used to kill people from a distance.  It was safer that way.  They were less likely to be able to fight back, it reduced the chance of any potential witnesses, and the likelihood of getting splatter on his clothes went down to nil.
Maybe he should just take another shower, he thought ruefully, his cock throbbing. A
“It doesn’t matter—” he began.
No problem.
Tony pulled his hand away with more than a little regret, especially when Steve groaned in disappointment and started turning his head towards him. Tony stopped him by squeezing down with the hand on Steve’s neck and saying, ”Don’t move.”  He liked the position Steve was in and wanted him to keep it, even if Tony wasn’t holding him in place. Maybe it’d be easier to finger him first and then rim him, but Tony hated the taste of lube. “You stay where I put you.”
Gradually, however, as he’d paced his room and first one hour had gone by and then another with no sight of Stark, he’d come to a few conclusions. Yes, nothing was as it should be, and yes, he’d been given to someone he didn’t even know, but three months—which had seemed like an eternity when it’d been dark and he’d been trying to adjust to everything that had happened—was really no time at all. He hated the idea of it, but he could put up with anything for six months even, and Stark hadn’t wanted him anymore than Steve had wanted Stark. Maybe he could use that to his own advantage.
Well, not
Steve nods and stares down at his lap, but he can’t help stealing one last glance out the corner of his eye at Dr. Stark as he’s reaching for the doorknob, since Steve’s not going to get another one for six months.
Tony’s companion was blonde, but her face was in profile and partially obscured, and Steve couldn’t tell if it was Pepper or someone completely different. He told himself that it didn’t matter either way. He didn’t believe it, though.
She found him in the cafeteria after medical had taken Dr. and Mr. Martin and their debriefings were over, because they’d done this enough times by now for her to know he needed to eat after a mission, even though it was nearly four in the morning.
Steve watched him go, wondering who he was calling and what it was about; and what it meant for him.
Word count: 1,050
It’s 6:27pm, however, and he has no idea if anyone’s going to be there when he finally arrives, dripping wet no less because there’s a thunderstorm going on outside. He’d gotten soaked in the few seconds it’d taken him to run from his car to the building, because like an idiot, he hadn’t checked the weather before he’d gone to work and had left his umbrella at home.
Tony’s jaw ached by the time he stopped, and his tongue was numb, and getting to his feet took a lot of willpower, luck, and holding onto the wall since his legs were half-asleep, but he managed it. He was still doing better than Steve, who was a shivery mess and looked dazed and like he would’ve fallen down if the wall weren’t holding him up.
-----
Tony looked up when the door opened, the little bell hanging from the handle jangling cheerfully, making him sigh.  Clara claimed the door needed a bell so she could know when people came in even if she was in the back room; he was just as insistent that it didn’t, especially since more often than not, whoever came in announced themselves with a “Hey, Clara!” anyway.  For each one he took down, however, Clara put another one up, and it’d somehow become a contest of wills between the two of them.  Of course, the fact that a bell had just announced a new customer even though he hadn’t seen Clara by the door all day indicated that—at least for the moment—he seemed to be losing.  Damn it.
Steve took a breath, and his shoulders straightened. “I wanted to see you, Tony.”
He could admit that denying himself did make him feel a little sadistic, though, so he pushed three fingers into Steve—still a little loose and a lot slick from earlier—before he would’ve otherwise, and his next bite was meaner than the previous one. He didn’t draw blood, but he was tempted, Steve’s body oh so lush and resilient. There was just something about him that made Tony want to bite down hard, harder, as hard as he could, and he’d had to remind himself more than once over the past however many minutes not to get carried away.
-----
He wanted to tell Steve that he didn’t need his apologies anymore, but he knew there was a point where it was less about one person’s desire to receive an apology and more about the other person’s need to give it. It wasn’t as if he were so different after all in that regard.
“You told me you loved me, and at the time, I didn’t handle it well,” Tony said, looking away in shame when he had nothing to be ashamed about, and no. No, this couldn’t be happening. Not like this. “But now—”
Warnings: Non-superhero AU, blood, violence, and minor and major character death.
Tony was gone.
“Knock your socks off, but just be warned that I won’t go without a fight.”
So what if Tony has a date? Tony’s probably had tons of dates while they’ve known each other and just hasn’t told Steve about them. It doesn’t change anything. It’s not like they’re ever going to meet up or anything. Tony lives in California after all.
“And I’ve been thinking about what I did wrong. All of it. All the things I’d take back if I could, all the things I’d do better if I could just get one more chance,” Steve said his voice breaking, and Tony didn’t have the strength to stop the tears that welled up at the hopelessness in Steve’s words.
Tony raised his hands, making sure Natasha saw that they were completely out of range of the fabulous breasts he was currently sporting.
“Why are you even here?  From everything I’ve read about you in the file Nick gave me, you and I don’t have a lot in common, and those are just the highlights.  That’s when they were trying to make this seem like a bonding I’d actually want.”
Understand? Steve understood that Tony was willing to let him orgasm but that he didn’t want to to be easy for him. Steve would have to work for it, which was fine. Good even. The fact that Tony was allowing him to try had to mean something. Didn’t it?
Steve would’ve wanted to know if Tony had fallen in love with him, but Tony …
“Do I have a choice?” he asked, and it was a sincere question, even though Nick frowned at it. He was contracted to Tony. If Tony agreed, then Steve was obligated to go with him. Or at least, Steve assumed so. Contracted couples in the military were always kept together, but Tony wasn’t exactly a SHIELD employee. Still, Nick wanted them both in the Avengers, so as his Dom, Tony would have final say.
hand hurt in the process while Steve acted like he’d barely even noticed they’d made contact.
“Sorry!” Dr. Stark says, obviously surprised at Steve’s reaction (if only he knew), and he raises his hands, stepping back. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you. I was just—”
“It was an alien! Some really tall, freaky, yellow alien with four arms, and I’m pretty certain I heard it say Dr. Doom’s name, but the rest was all gibberish. What is
He knew that anyone on the battlefield would’ve done the same thing if they could have. But Tony had been the only one who’d actually done it, and Steve wished, more than anything, that it had been him instead.
Except Steve didn’t stop.
In response to the prompt: Clark Kent/Bruce Wayne, fake dating, first kiss? I do love me some faking date trope fics
And apparently Tony
He’d considered asking for more kisses, but now that he thought about it, that wasn’t really forward progress. They’d already kissed once, and if he asked, Tony would probably be willing to do it again, but wouldn’t Tony want more than that?
“I didn’t—”
appears, his eyes wild and hair all over the place.
bedroom, and shown him where he could unpack his things, where Tony had purposefully made space in his life that Steve had chosen to fill.  Tony probably would’ve fucked him up against the wall or down on the floor because they couldn’t make it to the bed, and Steve would’ve submitted so beautifully to him, on his knees and grateful because of it.  They would’ve spent the rest of the night in a flurry of friction burns, the floor littered with spilled bottles of lube to make things easier and half-empty tubes of salve for when they invariably got hard, and Tony would’ve kissed every inch of him afterwards, worshipping him with his tongue the way he’d worshipped him with his cock minutes before.
he’s off-limits, and at the rate he’s going, Dr. Stark is going to start taking vacation days every time Steve comes in.
“—kneeling next to the couch, as he has been for almost the past six hours.”
“I—you’re right,” Steve said, climbing to his feet with much less coordination than he’d gone down, and fuck, Tony had to—one more. Just in case.
Steve … loved him?
“Okay.” Tony starts to take a deep breath and then visibly stops himself, leaning back in his seat. “Okay. You need to go?”
the war, and there hadn’t been many—Doms
Steve had planned to add a second finger, a third, had thought about
Steve didn’t know if this was actually the oddest conversation he’d ever had with Tony, but it was definitely high up there in the list.
-----
“Ah, ah, ah, no coming without permission,” Tony reminded him, stroking over the impressive set of marks he’d left with the thumb of his other hand while he kept ruthlessly fingerfucking Steve, switching to four fingers to really stretch him out, which made it a little too dry since he hadn’t wet the last two. Steve didn’t seem to mind, if the noise he made and the way his thighs gave out so he collapsed on the bed were any indication.
No matter how much he wanted to.
Steve tugged at Stark’s hold, but even though it was loose enough that he should’ve been able to shake Stark off without trouble, he still couldn’t seem to get free.
“Okay, okay, it’s out of my system now,” Tony said, happiness dripping from his words, and leaned down, winding his fingers into the netting and tearing the strands apart. At the surprised sound Steve made, he explained, “This was a last minute addition, so there are still a few kinks to work out. Trust me, trying to peel this off takes hours since they’re weighted and made to adhere to each other. It’ll be better next time.”
“All right, why don’t you scoot down a couple of inches,” Dr. Stark says, and Steve does it without comment or, shockingly, any kind of inappropriate bodily secretions, and he wonders if he’s reached the point where he can’t feel shame anymore.
“Ah, ah, ah. If you can’t come like this, I don’t know that you really deserve to,” Tony said, his hand on Steve’s hip firm, and Steve let out a strangled sound when Tony started following the curve of where the shaft met the head of his cock, round and round, paying extra attention to the underside each time he passed until Steve thought he was going to go crazy.
For a moment, he was almost regretful that he’d chosen him for his latest victim, that this would be all they’d ever have together.  But then again, who was to say that he would ever have met him in the real world?  That even if they
It was that cheekiness that had gotten Tony to ask for him again.  And then one thing had led to another, and suddenly they’re spending nearly every day in each other’s company, and they’re fucking over every conceivable surface, and Tony has to remind himself that they’re not dating, he’s paying for this, and Steve’s smiles aren’t meant just for him.
“And now?”
“Please, don’t apologize. You didn’t do anything wrong. I’m just … nervous.” If “nervous” now means humiliated but still wildly turned on and barely resisting the urge to shove Dr. Stark’s hands between his legs.
as his heart tried to stutter its way out of his chest or into a heart attack.
to Stark—was unthinkable.
What he’d needed to figure out was how to avoid a repeat of the cluster-fuck that had been that morning, however, and the answer had been so obvious that he was amazed it’d taken him so long to think of it.
“Is that right?” Tony asked, letting his fingertips, one after another, slide over Steve’s exposed hole, which flexed in response. “You sure about that?”
for crying out loud. Steve’s going to become dehydrated at this rate.)
“Ah, I see. Don’t worry. We’ve nullified the contract.”
, or any of the other things that fluttered behind his teeth, wanting to escape, words that would potentially put pressure on Steve or anchor him toward one answer over another. He still wanted to be with Steve, even after everything, and he was willing to do whatever it took to keep him. But that only worked if Steve wanted to be kept.
It’d been easier to avoid Tony and thinking about Tony keeping Project Insight from him, to avoid thinking about what it meant for them, than to actually talk to him about it. And then, once Steve found out about Bucky, he really had been too caught up in finding him to think about Tony. Tony probably would’ve even understood. If Steve had made an effort to explain it to him.
“You’re not thanking me,” Tony said, as he went back to stroking just the head, adding a twist at the top so he dragged them through more of the precome that steadily kept leaking out, and Steve sobbed.
She rolled her eyes. “If you’re not sick, and you’re not working on anything in particular,” she said, and he cursed the fact that he’d admitted as much to her already, “then what’s running you ragged?” Her tone made it clear that she already knew the answer.
“Shhh,” he whispered, stroking blond hair away from his face, leaving behind streaks of vivid, gleaming red.  He’d put up such a fight, even though Tony had taken him completely by surprise.  And while Tony had won in the end, it had been more luck than skill, the fallen leaves and recent rain making everything slippery.  As it was, he was going to have to get medical treatment for the cut on his chest, and something told him he’d carry the scar for the rest of his life.
“When are you coming back?” he asked, which, considering why he’d called in the first place, was an unfair question. He knew that it’d probably been a last minute decision on Tony’s part, but it was strange to think of Tony choosing to be so far away. Tony had always just been
(See the end of the chapter for
“For a few reasons,” she said calmly, “but the most important are one, right now it matters less to me what actually happened than what you think happened; and two, trust has to be earned, and how can you possibly trust me if I’m going behind your back?”
of love?
himself?
“Of course you get a choice!  You can do whatever the hell you want—”
“I don’t want you spending money on me—”
Steve nods, because what else can he do, but he isn’t, he isn’t ready for Dr. Stark to place the first two fingers of each hand below both of Steve’s nipples and his thumbs above them and to start squeezing and massaging. Even with the warning Dr. Stark had given him, he isn’t prepared for the shock, or for the pleasure, a line of heat connecting Steve’s nipples to his ass, which clenches with each press and pull.
If Steve had gotten caught up in the heat of the moment, however, maybe he’d conflated the desire for forgiveness with the desire for
"What's that?" Tony interrupts, putting a hand to where his ear would be if he weren't in full armor.  "There's a bat on my head?”
Because Steve did. He was starting to suspect that he wanted everything Tony was willing to give him.
“Oh no,” Steve said, dawning horror plain in his voice.  “Are there
"You're going to be gone for two months!
But they need me here, Tony, and no matter how much I want to find you, Their numbers keep growing and growing. I can’t leave the others to this gruesome fight alone.
“Oh,” he said, blushing furiously.  “Of course.”
“They’ll be okay,” Natasha said, sounding certain.
good for Tony again.
“Okay, enough of that; talk to JARVIS later. Finally, rule number six.”
It had been said so casually that it’d taken Steve a second to realize that meant he was under constant surveillance, and by then, Stark had already continued. “That being said, however, I have no intention of asking him to show that information to me, just like I would never watch any of the camera feeds from your or any guest’s bedroom. Unless there were an emergency or an assassination attempt or someone brought home a hot pair of twins.” He’d waggled his eyebrows. “In which case all bets are off. You can believe that or not, but if you want privacy, I can have Happy take you to an internet cafe where you can be all anonymous and secretive, although, once again, JARVIS could hack their servers anyway, which means absolutely nothing to you but just accept that Big Brother is watching and say screw it.”
“Yeah, although apparently, it took almost six years before I was able to open my eyes,” Tony said, and he looked exhausted but much more relaxed now that he wasn’t locked up anymore. He was still required to stay on SHIELD grounds, but there were no cameras in his temporary apartment that Steve was aware of, and even if there were, Steve was sure there wouldn’t be by the time Tony went to bed.
And so it had begun.  As the years went by, he’d gone from dreading their encounters to tolerating them to eagerly anticipating each and every meeting, pacing in front of the Bifrost and counting the minutes until his father arrived to accompany him, as was agreed.
Steve remembered the way Tony had used to look at him, the warmth in his brown eyes that Steve had taken for granted, and it seemed like the simplest thing in the world to pick up the vibrator.
I was actually planning to write more of this, but I ran out of time.  I still might though.  We'll see.
at him, all bright baby blues and sincere smile, and if Tony had thought that having him look into his eyes would be better than having him stare everywhere else, then he’d been wrong.
“What?” he asked and had to reach out a hand to brace himself against the wall.
“Not—” Steve had never been the type to back down from a fight, even when obviously outmatched, but he felt as if Tony was steamrolling over him, and he couldn’t defend himself, couldn’t do anything but take each blow as it came. It was the guilt. It was knowing that he’d doubted Tony and had acted as judge and jury without giving Tony even a chance to explain that made it so hard to talk. He
He doesn’t know why he’s like this. His omega friends all roll their eyes when they talk about their checkups and complain how uncomfortable they are, or how cold the doctor’s hands are, or how invasive the whole thing is, but Steve …
“Well, congrats, man! I thought something might’ve been going on, since you looked a lot happier than the last time I saw you.”
“What?” he asked after a pause, sure he’d heard wrong.
Anyway, I have no idea if I'll continue it, so anyone who hates WIPs for exactly this reason, feel free to back away now.  I completely understand.
we’re talking about—”
Their plane back to the states wasn’t scheduled to leave until close to ten in the morning, so Steve went back to his room in order to try and sleep for a few hours.
“I’m going to shower. We’ll talk when I get out,” Tony said, and Steve nodded jerkily, taking a step back so he wouldn’t be in Tony’s way.
Was it any surprise though? He’d been drifting for weeks, stumbling through a half-life where he’d spent each day waiting for everything to crash down around his ears. And there was a large part of Tony that knew the reason he’d done it was because it was necessary, knew that every second that went by where he didn’t guard his emotions was going to make it that much harder to come back from it later, but it was impossible to shore up his defenses with Steve under him, with Tony’s marks covering his body, and he wanted—
Steve didn’t know how he felt about that or about all the time and energy Stark had already devoted to him, everything he’d learned and experienced the previous night seeming almost unreal in the cold light of day.
“I …” His voice cracks. “I’m sorry.”
He wanted to, though. If Tony would let him.
But he could handle pain, could handle a lot of pain, and the only thing that Tony had ever done that had
But it never lasts, and before long, he’ll start counting the days until his next appointment all over again.
“We’ve figured out a cure!” Bruce said, rushing into the room.
The office lights are still on, however, when he gets out of the elevator, and thank heavens, the door opens under his hand.
Oh no.
“It’s all right. I’ve got you,” Tony said, and then he felt him pulling at the curve of one buttock, and Steve blushed furiously as he was spread apart right before Tony’s finger started rubbing smoothly against his hole.
It fills him with pride when Steve’s head lolls to his shoulder and he slurs, “I’m going to come,” his eyes almost glazed over with pleasure, and the knowledge that Tony’s taking care of his mate is incredibly satisfying.
“Go out where?” Steve asked suspiciously, even as his heart started to beat faster. They hadn’t left the penthouse all week. Why the offer now? Especially after the way Stark had been acting all day. What was Stark thinking? And did Steve even care if it meant leaving?
-----
“Yes. Please, Tony,” he said raggedly, desperately hoping that whatever Tony had planned would be enough, enough to teach him, enough to make up for every blow that wouldn’t fall on his back.
“You were perfect today,” Tony said, and it was only the truth. “Are you going to keep being perfect for me, Steve?” he asked as he lifted Steve’s chin with his fingers, his thumb brushing over Steve’s mouth.
“I’m in,” he said at long last, and why was it so hard to speak? He finally managed to force himself to look at Nick, because looking at Tony didn’t change anything.
He tried to figure out some way to sit down without looking ridiculous, but it was an armchair, and while roomy, there was nowhere to put his knees, especially not with the way Tony was sitting so far back. He finally had to wedge them next to Tony’s thighs, which put his groin extremely close to Tony’s face for a few nerve-wracking seconds, and it was only the absurdity of the situation that allowed him to maneuver around without blushing to high heaven.
Stark had five guest bedrooms, and Steve had finally chosen one that was neither too far nor too close to the master suite in a mix of rebellion (he wouldn’t let Stark think he was hiding from him and whatever he had in store for Steve) and bull-headedness (but he wouldn’t be at his beck and call, sidling up close like he was anxious to be used) that he wouldn’t have been able to explain if Stark had asked. Not that he had.
of being helpful, especially when it’s revealed that Tony’s wearing a tight, white tank top underneath, which does absolutely nothing to conceal his firm chest. Or trim waist. Or defined biceps. (Steve wants to object, because what the fuck are Tony’s biceps? He’s a
he wasn’t doing well. Knew that he was still messed up about safewording, about the whole fucked up situation, knew that it’d be easier to drop completely than to fight his way out, that his brain would twist anything that Steve said to him at that moment. But knowing didn’t make it any easier to stop himself or to silence the doubts, and he
Things weren’t the same between them. Steve knew that he shouldn’t expect them to be, and he didn’t miss the tension that had always lurked in their interactions before, but . . .
It’s one of those questions that Steve has been dying to ask, but there’s no way to politely bring it into the conversation. Nice shader; oh, by the way, are you attracted to men? Yeah, not so much.
It’s not like Dr. Stark was trying to drive him insane and then left him hanging on the cusp of what was sure to be one of the most powerful orgasms of his life. He’s just trying to help him. Steve’s the one that keeps forgetting that and making things awkward. It’s no one’s fault but his own that he’s lying in a pool of his own slick with trembling limbs and pulsing nipples, still so close that a stray breeze might be enough to get him off.
to be with Tony anymore. That had been why he’d left.
“You two were together before Loki,” she said, confident she already knew the answer.
“I—yes, but—” They frequently watched a movie or played games after dinner, so there wasn’t anything particularly unusual about Tony’s request, but . . .
There’s one last text from Bucky that just reads,
This chapter killed me, guys. I had so much trouble with it. I've been working on it for months, writing, getting stuck, coming back to it, deleting crap and then writing some more, etc., etc. but it just would. not. cooperate. I'm still not happy with it. Seriously. Months. Arghhhhhh. I've reached the point where I just decided to post it and then move forward from there. Wish me luck. This fic, I swear.
But Tony didn’t, didn’t do anything except go back to his work, and from this position, Steve couldn’t even watch him, couldn’t even tell if Tony were watching
He took Steve to bed not long after, even though it was hours before either of them slept, edging Steve until he was a pleading, sobbing mess.
“Well, sure, what’s not to like?” Tony said, winking and spreading his arms. “But you should still go into work.”
“Do you miss him?”
“I have no idea what I’m supposed to do here,” he admitted, and he was referring to more than just figuring out why Steve was acting differently.
And again, and again …
—him after all—then Steve had no clue how his body would handle it.
“And the way you keep bending over to pick things up off the ground when I’m around.”
He didn’t … okay, so he got a little flustered around Tony sometimes since they’d all moved back into the Tower, and he’d been dropping things, but—
He doesn’t want to drive Tony off.
Tony was feeling better now, though, and he knew that Steve loved him, that Steve was sorry for all of it and would welcome anything Tony chose to do to him. It’d be different from the last time, when Steve had been afraid Tony didn’t want him anymore and had panicked as a result. Once Tony got started, once he let loose and realized how good it felt to make Steve regret hurting him and how grateful Steve was for him doing it, he’d punish Steve for real. And afterwards, when Tony saw how much Steve had suffered for him, how much Tony meant to him, then he’d
Steve finally manages to jitter his way down the table, his ass nearly hanging off the end as he clutches onto the sides for dear life, his legs halfway to his chest and his face almost touching the drape. The smell of his come wafts up from the material, and he squeezes his eyes closed.
But if he had, would that have been the end? If he’d kept hiding how he felt, would Tony have already sent him on his way?
He rubbed roughly at his face, smearing wet streaks across his cheeks as he cleared his throat. “It was just … the way it happened.” Because he’d wanted so terribly to believe in Steve. “That was so hard to take.”
His hips tilted, the muscles in his thighs twitching as he sped up, his hand feeling heavier and heavier.
Unbeta'd.
It wasn’t up to him, though. Not unless he wanted to use his safeword anyway, and he was hardly going to do that because he didn’t feel
to get undressed in order to accomplish your objective, and I decided to do the same in the spirit of camaraderie and because I like being naked.  It’s fun, and I am not ashamed.”
Tony was gorgeous as he came, back arching as he rolled his hips, fucking into Steve’s grip and searching for that last bit of pressure against his prostate, his hands clutching him for support. Steve wanted to look at him forever.
Nothing.
Tony had never been the archetypical Dom, and he’d had to prove himself frequently throughout the years, to his father, to his peers, to people who had only seen him on the TV but still felt they had some kind of vested interest in his life. He’d thought he was settled enough in his own skin to not be bothered when someone questioned his orientation, but apparently not.
He turned his head, kissing Tony softly on his cheek, just a brush of his lips, and then he sank down, freeing Tony from his underwear as his face was almost level with Tony’s groin. There was no time to look his fill, so he opened his mouth, his eyes fluttering shut as he took Tony in.
the privilege of being taken with you?” Steve asked, his lips curling in a sneer, and even though Tony had expected it, he couldn’t help stiffening at the implied insult.
“I’m not—” Steve could hear Tony swallow, felt the fine tremble in his hand. “I’m not in the right headspace for this. Honestly, I don’t think you are either, and if we had kept going, I’m not sure either of us would’ve been okay.”
Tony hadn’t thought much about either instance at the time. Seeing them from a third-party perspective, however, made him wonder if Pepper was right. And if so, what that meant for them.
“You mean Ms. Peggy Carter.” Dr. Saunders looked back at him, expression as serene as ever, and he hated it. “Did you know she lives here in D. C.?”
“Why would you want to be in here when you can be out there? C’mon, Steve. Don’t you
things like that,” Tony groaned, gripping Steve’s cock tightly just to hear him hiss, his fingers tightening around Tony’s wrist almost painfully.  “Are you trying to make me to come before I get to see you naked?”
He gave a tight smile before starting up again. Stupid.
As for Tony, though … Steve just didn’t know. If he were willing to still talk and work with Nick, he should be willing to do the same with Tony, but …
“Oh hey, is that for me?” Tony asked, grabbing one of the sandwiches off the plate on the counter. Maybe he should’ve waited for confirmation from Steve, but he wouldn’t have waited before all of this had happened, and he wanted to get back to where they’d been before everything had all gone so horribly wrong yesterday.
“Wow, you sure know how to make a guy feel special.”
, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Steve nodded again, not quite trusting his voice, but he raised his head back up to meet Tony’s eyes and squared his shoulders.
He’d kept the enema in a little longer than the suggested time, wanting to be as clean as possible, and then showered afterwards. He felt empty now. And … off somehow, although he would’ve been hard-pressed to explain why. Not that he wanted to. He was relieved that it was over, though, although it just made him even more nervous as to what to expect. What was he going to do that he needed to be … cleaned out?
He was limp and slightly disoriented afterwards, and it took a while for him to get his bearings, to realize Tony was rubbing his back and humming a song under his breath.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony said, smiling as he slid two fingers into him effortlessly.  “You can take whatever I can dish out and more.”
to use your safeword. It just means that I misjudged something and we need to rethink things.”
“Okay, so it changes some things, but it still doesn’t change the fact that we’ve never seen each other, we live at opposite ends of the country, and our only interaction has revolved around a video game.”
nearly felt like coming—only to slow down, again and again, over and over.
“Floral, Steve?
It left Tony stunned silent for a moment, that Steve would say something like that, as if he wanted Tony to still be angry with him.
Steve’s mouth parted, but there was no way he’d misheard. Tony had definitely said what he thought he’d said. It looked like he wasn’t going to have to wait after all.
All the hugs to MetaAllu for the comments and encouragement. You’re the best, bb.
“What are you doing?” Steve asked after they’d been standing there for a good twenty seconds.
“I finally decided that even if you did agree with Nick, we could figure it out. Together. But then I—I kept wondering if you’d been hiding it from me, if you’d known and just not told me. That was what stopped me the most, because I couldn’t be with someone who’d do that, but I wanted—I
It’s the tone of voice, Steve decides later after he’s gotten Tony his tablet from his bedroom for the third time that day.  It’s so mild and
.  He is very, very sore in places he hasn’t been this sore in since he lost his virginity.  Either they were
“We’re supposed to have sex,” he said, tearing the bandage off, becase there was no way to break the news gently to him. “You’re supposed to … .” He took a deep breath. “You’re supposed to fuck me.”
“No? Why not?”
“Eh.” Tony shrugged. “The music can get distracting, but I like the feel of the bass sometimes. It keeps me going.”
“Who wants to be normal?” Tony asked, taking a large drink of what Steve knew was not his first coffee of the morning.  He shuddered to think how much caffeine was flowing through his bloodstream.
It’s so hard for Steve to wrap his mind around it because he thought he was being so obvious. He nearly came on the table from Dr. Stark examining his nipples. He’s leaked enough slick to cause minor flood damage.
It’s not how it happened, not how it’d
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s up?” he says, casual as anything, as if his heart rate hasn’t picked up at the anticipation of talking to Tony.
just be trying to distract Tony with agreeableness while he came up with some other, diabolical scheme that was just going to end in tears. It wasn’t like Tony would be able to tell one way or the other until it was too late, however, so he finally just said, “Well . . . alright then,” all the wind knocked out of his sails.
But what if … ?
It took more effort than Tony would’ve thought possible for him to lift his eyes to Steve’s, and he could only meet his gaze for a fraction of a second before he had to look away.
,” Steve says helplessly and Tony grins even wider.
"I'm—excuse me, what?" Steve asked, because
“Stark. We have a situation.”
“Not … exactly,” Steve says, because it hadn’t really. He just hadn’t expected the rush of sensation. “It just felt weird.”
Now, however, he carried it around without quite knowing how to make it smaller. He wanted to be good for Tony. He just . . . didn’t know how.
“Paintballs instead of bullets, water canon instead of laser canon, flash missiles instead of real ones, and high-pressured smoke instead of repulsors. Not that smoke is the greatest substitute for repulsors, but I can’t carry too many tanks without giving up maneuverability and having to change them makes me a sitting duck. I do have one or two surprises up my sleeves, however,” Tony said, and Steve could hear the smile, although his mask was down, “to keep you on your toes.”
“—and then Nick dissolved our contract, and you know the rest,” Steve said, and he had tried to keep his tone as dispassionate as possible, but he hadn’t done as well as he would’ve liked. It was the first time he’d ever told anyone about his time with Tony, and it’d been both harder and easier than he would’ve thought. Easier because he’d wanted to tell someone the story, and harder because even if he hadn’t said everything explicitly, it was painful remembering all the things he’d done wrong.
“True.  But that doesn’t change the date, or the fact that it’s the season for giving,
“Do you … want to tell me why you … ?” He trailed off, not wanting to pressure Steve but offering him the option to talk.
. Steve had
for betaing this. I was really worried about this chapter (all these damn chapters omg), so I really appreciated the help so, sooooo much.
And all the stories he’d heard from his dad, all the clips where Captain America had smiled bashfully or stared stoically off into the horizon, all the comics where he’d single-handedly fought forty Nazis and won, they’d all painted the same picture about a hero and a champion of justice and an all-around good guy who helped little ladies cross the street and who would’ve smiled at Tony and been proud of him for all the things he’d accomplished for the sake of his father and himself and the whole damn world.
“And have you ever been a Sub?”
He was aware that his decision coincidentally gave him a few more hours before he had to confront Tony, and while it wasn’t the main reason he didn’t call Tony, it did help.
“H-hi,” he croaks, and it’s a wonder he manages to get anything out, and in English, no less, because it’s much more likely his Angel knows that than Atlantean. “You were—”
It was over an hour after Tony had gone to his room that he finally came out, and Steve stood immediately, glad that he didn’t have to look at red on white anymore and wondering if Tony were going to eat first and what he would say—except all Tony said was, “Follow me.”
Enough to know Tony wouldn’t agree with it. Tony was a good man, an honorable one.
“Are you …?”
Except Tony hadn’t offered to let him.
Many thanks to slythieamour/
But he’s in real danger of coming all the same, just from knowing it’s Dr. Stark’s finger inside of him, from getting this one thing he’s been so desperately wanting.
And he will. Oh shit, he will, he swears. In a second.
He managed to get down another sandwich, although it was tough by the end. He felt like he kept chewing and chewing, but the food never became easier to swallow.
“Because I left you!” Steve said, and Tony flinched, a sob trying to claw its way out as an abrupt tidal wave of emotion crashed down on him. He’d survived losing Steve once already. Twice, really, since he’d been so sure the second time that it was over. He knew he’d survive it the third time as well, no matter how long it took to drag himself back up. But knowing didn’t make the mourning any easier.
And he knows he shouldn’t be, especially since Dr. Stark is getting something to help him, but—
He jabs harder at one of the wings, a mass of sodden feathers that take up way too much room, and they twitch in response, albeit weakly.
He’d argued with himself for hours, but in the end, it’d come down to the fact that he’d
"I'm sorry, but I just can't sleep with you."
forgive Steve.
“‘Please bite my plump titties until they’re red and swollen for you?’” Tony asked, flicking Steve’s right nipple hard enough to make him flinch, his gasp soft and shocked.
The next part, which is the
“Steve,” she said, setting down her notebook. “They can’t just void your contract. You would’ve had to give permission to revoke it unless Mr. Stark wanted to be in breach, which would leave him open for litigation.”
“Woah, you’re heavier than you look,” Tony said, and before Steve could respond, he asked, “You okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”
it, and do we really believe the weatherman?  I mean, is meteorology even a science?  Maybe we should—”
Steve blinked at Tony’s tone and wondered if he should feel insulted.
“We were?” he asked, and that—
very sore . . .
“My time’s running out, Pops,” Joe said, standing in front of them and fidgeting with what looked to be a glorified watch on his wrist.  It wasn’t.  Or at least, that wasn’t all it could do.  Tony—or at least, future Tony—had apparently made it for him, which yeah, Tony made all the best stuff.  Apparently being the son of a multi-billionaire/superhero and another superhero was dangerous business, and future Tony had created a portable shield for him—an incredibly strong,
He does mind. He minds so, so much, because he wants to do it, wants Dr. Stark to strap him down and make Steve take his fingers, his cock, he wants Dr. Stark to come inside of him and then slide the speculum in and watch all his come leak back out—
Steve kind of wants to ask if they had sex, but it sounds like they didn’t, and he thinks he might come off more hopeful than he should all things considered, so he refrains.  Tony seems interested, though, so maybe later they could . . . although Steve
“Don’t say it,” he warned.
Until then, Tony would do his best, and when it was over . . .
-----
And Steve wouldn’t ask, didn’t
“It’s alright,” Dr. Stark says, because of course it’s Dr. Stark. Of course it’s the doctor who recently joined the practice and who Steve had seen in passing and who he might’ve looked up on the website, because he’s never been so viscerally attracted to someone before in his entire life. “I heard about the accident on the freeway and assumed you’d probably gotten stuck in it. I’m Tony Stark by the way. I’ll be standing in for Dr. Edwards.” He walks forward, extending his hand.
“Hello, JARVIS,” he said and tried to smile normally at the security camera. It was difficult, considering he knew JARVIS knew what had gone on between him and Tony—although it was probably ridiculous to be embarrassed in front of JARVIS, considering everything he’d already seen Steve do while he’d lived in Stark Tower. “Is Tony upstairs?”
Steve rolls his eyes. But there’s a part of him that’s grateful for the comment. He wasn’t the best-looking kid growing up, and while he eventually filled out, it’s nice to have some reassurance that Tony would find him appealing.
Word count: 1,144
His made his voice purposefully mocking when he said, “And then you don’t call; you don’t write.”
I apologize for the extremely short (half or even a third of a) chapter.  It would’ve been longer, but this is my last chance to remind you guys about the auction happening on tumblr to raise money for AO3.  You can find my page
And he will. Right after he takes his shower.
shown him. He’d just never believed.
Except Tony used his grip to draw Steve’s head back, away from him, and he opened his eyes, confused and worried.
“Nope.”
“Just so you could join the Avengers—”
Bucky was right.  He had horrible taste in men.
“Yes,” he whispered and curled his fingers until his nails were pressed into his palms.
But even assuming that were true, why would Steve bother doing it unless he
Steve strokes Tony’s cheek, and he leans into his palm. There’s a cove that allows the two of them to be close without either of them having to be too uncomfortable, but it’s not ideal.
He knew she’d try to engage him soon on the chance that he’d either be more open to confiding in her than he’d been in previous sessions, or in the hopes that casual conversation would eventually lead to deeper revelations, and he resignedly waited for her to begin.
He closes his eyes, the heels of his hands pressing against his forehead.
It was a different story now though.
The last thing—the very
I just wanted to apologize to all my readers who left comments that I never responded to. I try, I try to write back to each and every one, but there was a period where I was really detached from fandom, and at this point, it feels ridiculous to respond to a comment from 5 months ago. I'm so sorry. I fail. *hangs head in shame*
“Not yet,” he said tightly.
, shocked and so, so loud when Tony spread him open, pressing his lips around Steve’s hole and licking with the flat of his tongue. Sure, he could’ve eased him into it a little more instead of diving in, so to speak, but Steve was already keyed up, and besides, where was the fun in that?
do something. So he reached out with one hand, slowly and obviously, and he laid it on top of Steve’s—and then breathed a sigh of relief when Steve turned his own over so they were holding onto each other.
Steve tried, only stopping when Tony went too deep and Steve had to pull away, coughing, before Tony guided his head back, his hands warm on Steve’s cheek; or when Tony would pause for a few seconds, pushing against Steve’s gag reflex as his throat tried to flex and accommodate his cock, Tony’s dark eyes watching him all the incentive he needed to choke himself further. All the while, Steve kept his hands were they were, his grip probably too tight, but he couldn’t help it; he didn’t want to accidentally let go.
He looked away, wishing he had an answer, but what was there to say? He’d do the best he could, even though he knew his best wouldn’t be good enough. It was what he was doing now, after all.
They’re about to have sex. And Tony seems just as composed as ever.
Stark’s eyebrows came down in a slight squint, but he didn’t comment on his tone, and Steve hated the relief he felt when he noticed that Stark was giving him his full concentration, was
“And now?” Tony asked at last, heavy and low.
“I can’t believe you’re picking me up in a Prius,” he sighs, and the dawning happiness on Steve’s face makes his heart clench in his chest.
The answer is no, Steve realizes, after Dr. Stark says, “Lift one leg at a time, and I’ll guide them into the stirrups,” after Steve obeys and Dr. Stark puts his firm hands on Steve’s ankles, sending a cascade of shivers down his back. His legs are spread wide, too wide almost, or at least wider than Dr. Edwards typically has them, and as a result of the extra distance between the stirrups, Steve’s thighs are bent back towards his body, which effectively puts his ass on offer.
And Steve goes.
“I’ll text you with the details for tomorrow,” Tony said, already heading for the door.  While Steve would’ve liked to think Tony hadn’t heard him, it was more likely that he’d chosen to ignore him since he’d already gotten his way. “Don’t worry about taking anything nice.  I’ve got it covered.  Thank you, Steve, love, darling, light o’ my life!”
“Actually,” he says slowly, unable to stop thinking of the glimpse he’d gotten of Dr. Stark’s face, “no. I’m going to … I think I’m going to switch doctors.”
The memory of Tony saying,
Dick totally didn’t jump when the doorbell rang. He didn’t.
“Philanthropic, yes, but no one’s ever accused me of being compassionate, Fury.  I give hundreds of millions of dollars every year to charities, including ones to support veterans coming back from war, and furthermore, guilt trips have never been known to work with me.  Give me a reason I can get behind, because all I’m thinking about right now is how it’s a drain on my resources and time during one of the busiest months of the year for Stark Industries, how he and I haven’t even met and might not be compatible, how it sounds like a glorified baby-sitting job, and really?  I think there are a lot of people out there who’d be better suited to this than me.”
The washcloth fell into the water with a
to be down here, Steve.” The thought of what Steve had put himself through made the tears threaten all over again. “I didn’t ask you to do this, I don’t need or
“After-dinner mint?”
It hadn’t been until Nick had shown him the studies and the statistics that Steve had reluctantly agreed that maybe it was necessary.  Even then, however, it’d been something for other Subs, not for him, and he’d fought against it, rejecting ten more Doms in the meantime.  The war he’d been in had been over a long time ago—even if it’d just been a matter of months for him—and he didn’t need anyone looking after him, especially someone who could barely understand what he’d experienced.
“You said you wanted to do your job. I was assuming you meant kicking evil-doers’ ass and not like working part-time at Starbucks or something.”
It’d be even more of a statement if he asked for a collar, but that he was still unsure of. He and Tony weren’t in a contract, and collars were more for couples that were. He didn’t want to ask for one and thereby indirectly pressure Tony, and if he were being honest, he didn’t want to wear one either.
He frowned at the thought of Stark lying to him, but then again, who was to say that he had? She might have liked him as a person but still had reservations about their contract, and what if she convinced Stark to let him go?
“Yes, of course,” he says, even though it’s a lie because he’d be happy to be trapped here with Dr. Stark all night. It’s an odd question, though. He imagines the vast majority of patients hope their exams will be over with as fast as possible.
that he wanted this for real this time around?
And Steve
“If you agree to join the Avengers Initiative, you’ll come in as an independent Sub.”
They’d had lunch, and then Stark had given him a tour of the floor and gently bullied him into choosing a bedroom by verbally redecorating every room they walked into in order to suit Steve’s supposed tastes—including, but not limited to, tearing down walls and adding target dummies in case Steve wanted to practice throwing his shield around.
“Do you . . . want me to leave?”
He could hear Steve swallow.
He really, really would.
He cleared his throat, swallowing loudly.
Steve wanted to believe that, but even thinking about saying it during punishment made his stomach roil.
Steve still wasn’t sure what Tony meant by that. He had his suspicions—he remembered Tony’s expression, reluctant and pained, and why would he look like that if he weren’t forcing himself to admit to something he’d wanted to hide?—but he couldn’t bring himself to believe.
He shuddered as Tony rubbed against his opening lightly, his hands squeezing into fists—
what he wanted from Steve.
marks—covering his body in striking curves and ovals. They’d be gone in a few hours time, maybe even less, but it wouldn’t change the fact that Steve had let him do it in the first place, that the memory, if nothing else, would forever be etched into Steve’s being.
Seeing it in front of him, however, seeing
, that
“Because I hurt you,” Steve said, looking down.
“You do have a look.”
He means to talk to Tony about it, he really does, but Tony is very good at not being where you think he’s going to be, so there’s never a chance to sit down with him one-on-one.  And after two weeks go by without any more orders, he starts to optimistically think that Tony’s given up on the idea.
“I was actually hoping I could ride out with you—”
Tony was handling it just fine after all.  He wasn’t suffering: no headaches, no barrages of painful and disorienting thoughts.  It was just like any other day.  Except that when he was within two feet of someone, he could hear everything he or she was thinking.  Same old, same old, really.
On second thought, this is Tony.  Of course frowning has no effect on him.
Instead of taking the elevator down, however, they’d gone up to the roof where the helicopter and pilot had been waiting—and he could recognize now that he’d been disappointed when he realized Tony hadn’t been planning to fly with Steve in his arms like before. If he was being truthful, he still was.
Tony yowls and jumps down, heading toward the book case.
“Did that help at all?” he asked somewhat breathlessly, reminding himself that humping Captain America’s leg wasn’t the best way to make a good impression.  Granted, that was under normal circumstances and didn’t necessarily qualify in a situation like theirs—
Tony just purrs.
He loved Tony.
Steve had told Natasha and Clint that they were in a relationship, but he hadn’t counted on it.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked as a sudden flare of pain made Tony wince, his hand going to his temple.  Looked like today wasn’t his lucky day after all.
“Call me when you’re feeling better,” Tony says, starting to slide his hands free, like Steve’s getting over a cold or something instead of planning to masturbate until his arms practically fall off, Tony’s shirt pressed to his face as he searches for hints of his scent even with the blockers Tony uses for work, and fuck. So many alphas would assume after everything that had happened that Steve had taken them home for sex, but Tony’s getting ready to walk away so Steve can take care of himself, and is it any wonder that Steve wants him so much?
Maybe right after Steve cleans up, though.
Steve who looked back at him like Tony was breaking his heart.
“I don’t . . . I didn’t think about it.”
It turned out that Tony had ordered in, so all they had to do were the finishing touches, like adding pasta to the water and putting the garlic bread in the oven. There was a lot of food, including an antipasto dish, a large salad, several different types of cheese, and even a tiramisu for afterward, although Steve had other plans for once dinner was over.
“C’mon, let’s get you cleaned up.”
Thanos was gone, and the world was safe, and … and hadn’t he earned the chance to grab a little bit of happiness for himself? He’d sacrificed so much,
Steve’s eyes widened at his expression.
It was like time had frozen, an eternity trapped in a second, and Steve could feel hurt and confusion and betrayal seeping into every crack and crevice until he was full to overflowing.
He blinked and swallowed, and it was oddly just as embarrassing reaching for the vibrator as it was to hold himself open, although he couldn’t say why. Maybe it was just that it was something new and he’d gotten—not
“Well, Steve—I can call you Steve, right?”
But then, that was exactly how he felt, aching and empty and needing to be filled, like he couldn’t get enough of Tony’s cock, no matter how many times he had it in him.
There’s no way in hell he’s going to be able to hide his erection now, and what’s worse, he can feel how wet he’s made the leather as he changes position.
“Your safeword?” Tony asked again as he climbed over Steve, caging him in with his arms and legs.
Of course, he didn’t feeling quite so charitable about SHIELD a few days later when Steve told him he had a three-day mission less than a week into their arrangement.
He kept his face down, but he shook his head in denial. He could handle it—
“I’m not marrying you,” he said, ignoring the way his heart twinged in protest, because he’d been half in love with Tony for almost a year now, and he would never have dreamed he’d be saying those words right now.
“I walk around the city a lot,” he said, purposefully relaxing his shoulders and keeping eye contact, because in the weeks since they’d switched from having one session every two weeks to having a session every week, he’d noticed how sharp her eyes could be. Steve had to admit—privately—that the move had helped. She’d started feeling less like a psychologist that he was required to visit twice a month and more like a person he happened to get together with every week, and the distinction made a big difference. “I listen to music, read, visit the museums, that kind of thing.”
Although … maybe Tony did, Steve thought dully, remembering Tony coming in that morning, the way Tony seemed to look past him, and who could blame him?
Nonetheless, it’d taken a lot of courage for him to come to him, and Tony hadn’t once tried to reach out to Steve.
Only then did he say, “I’d like to ask you something,” because Steve talked and acted like he still wanted Tony, but Tony needed to be sure. He’d always “known” what Steve wanted, almost from day one, had assumed instead of asked and as a result, had gotten nearly everything wrong in the process. He didn’t want to make that mistake again. “But you have to be honest,
He’d either been taking a lot longer to get undressed than he’d realized, or the doctor had arrived exceptionally early, because it only felt like a minute or two later that he heard the knock on the door. He was still more in his costume than out of it, and he stood by sheepishly, expecting the door to open since he’d never met a doctor who’d waited for a “Come in,” but nothing happened.
One day.
“There is something you can do for me, though,” he said, and what the hell was he doing? This was a stupid idea.
What got to Tony the most was that Steve sounded so
“That’s—that’s fine,” Steve tells him, feeling embarrassed and inexplicably guilty that Dr. Stark felt the need to explain, as if he’d heard Steve’s thoughts, even though Steve hadn’t meant anything by them. He trusts Dr. Stark; of course he trusts him. He knows there’s a valid reason for everything Dr. Stark does. He wouldn’t be here if he didn’t.
, that hadn’t always been the case. Growing up, Steve had made his peace with it, and he didn’t give much thought to what he looked like on a daily basis, other than to make sure he was neat and put together. He knew Tony considered him good-looking, which was wonderful and not something Steve took for granted, and the thing was that … he didn’t want to give it up. Not even for a short period of time. His appearance was one of the few things he had to make Tony not regret getting rid of Steve, and even though Steve knew it wouldn’t be the deciding factor, he didn’t want to lose anything that might ensure Tony kept him.
That Tony had said he’d help him be good, but maybe it’d been an impossible promise to keep?
He resolves to avoid looking at him again until they reach land and speeds up as much as he can, but it isn’t actually all that much with everything he’s carrying. Still, every little bit helps.
He clenched instinctively at being so exposed, and his face burned, but he didn’t stop, started circling one finger over his opening even, the awkwardness of the position be damned. He needed Tony to look, needed Tony to
He swallowed, the tears coming harder, and he had to scrub his face with his shirt.
if you don’t want to do something, even if it’s punishment. You
“Fuck, you should always look like this,” Tony panted, sliding back into his mouth, his thrusts losing rhythm as he neared climax, and Steve wondered if he’d always feel like this, aching and wanting and being desperate to finish but unwilling to stop.
“I’m okay,” he rasped belatedly, and it wasn’t a lie, because he would be; he’d make himself be. “Please don’t feel like we have to go back up for me. I wa—” He bit back the word, unwilling to say it. “I’d like to. Eat down here. If you’re still interested.”
His interactions with Tony to date can best be summarized by,
Tony glanced over at a fuming Steve.  “He doesn’t look too happy about the deal.”
“No? Well, that’s probably for the best anyway. Pepper would’ve killed me if I told her we needed to redesign the layout of the floor. Again,” Tony said, keeping himself from asking what it was that Steve
“Yes,” Steve said, even though he wasn’t quite sure. There was something a little humiliating about sitting on Tony’s lap, nevermind that he was bigger or that Tony had to look up at him. He felt like he was on display, that Tony could see each and every one of his reactions, and embarrassingly, he felt his cock start to stir.
He thought of his apartment, filled with more things than he’d ever owned before in this life but still empty all the same.
Didn’t it?
(“Cock” is such a strange word, especially considering it can also refer to roosters and to something done poorly and to who knows what else, but the Human military men swear by it, insisting “penis” is only for polite company, and who’s Tony to argue?)
“The first one was for you,” Tony said, finally letting him go. “That one was for me. I’ll see you in three days,” he said and watched as Steve nodded and made his way into the elevator, stood there as Steve left him alone again.
It took a long time for Tony to make sense of the dark shape in front of him and figure out it was a pillow, longer still to realize he had no idea how he’d gotten in bed. He struggled to clear the cobwebs in his brain as he squinted at the numbers on the clock. 19:46. He didn’t know what had woken him up, but he felt like crap, headachy and heavy and like he could sleep for another twenty four hours and still be ready to take a nap afterwards.
Tony looks skeptical. “Are you sure?”
“Alright, well let me know,” he says, his voice breathier than it should be, and then slips into the bathroom, almost closing the door on his foot in his daze.
“Lean forward,” Tony said, putting his other hand to the back of Steve’s neck and enjoying the sharp gasp followed by the drawn out moan as he guided Steve’s head until it was resting against the wall. Only then did he shift his other hand again and push the tip of his middle finger inside, Steve making a guttural sound in response, his standing leg trembling.
“Tony?” Steve gasped, the first word he’d said since Tony had grabbed him from behind and sped off with him, and Tony squeezed him reassuringly. Well, as reassuringly as he could, he supposed, considering he had Steve pinned against him, Steve’s back to his chest, with his arms trapping Steve’s to his sides, and they were hovering a few hundred feet in the air. Oh, and Steve’s shield was on the ground.
Steve wasn’t sure he understood everything Nick and Tony were telling him about the Tesseract, but he did understand one thing: it was a call to war.
“Together, please,” he said, and the look Tony gave him was a reward all on its own.
"Get in that helicopter, Rogers!"
—all the, all the mistakes, he didn’t know how he was supposed to—assuming Steve even
I don’t know why I’m even writing this letter since I know it won’t reach you until I put it in your hands myself, but it helps to talk to you like this since I can’t do it any other way.
He could feel Steve shake his head. “It was my fault. You tried to—”
Inventing?  There was nothing in the world to compare with envisioning new designs and making them into reality, and Tony would sooner die than have that ability taken away from him.  But if it had been able to fill the void, he wouldn’t be where he was today.
Steve insists on paying for their coffees, a couple of bottles of water, and the two pastries he gets to share, since he was the one who asked Tony out. He hadn’t expected Tony to argue, but it’s still somewhat of a relief when Tony doesn’t make a big deal about it or act like his Alpha pride is insulted and just says, “Why, Mr. Rogers, tempting me with sugar and caffeine. How can I refuse? I hope you’ll let me pay next time then.”
Except he hadn’t been able to, had he?
Stark had apparently inherited many of the same traits, but for some reason, all the things that Steve had found admirable in the father, he now disliked in the son.  Not that it mattered what he liked or didn’t like.  Nick had basically ordered him to accept Stark’s contract, and so he had.  It wasn’t as if it mattered anymore who he went with.
His mouth went slack.
serious about you, Tony. I can’t imagine feeling like this about anyone else.”
it, especially after everything that had already happened—
“Bingo.”
Would Tony still be around?
Steve slowly reaches for the buttons of his shirt, waiting for Dr. Stark to back up, and he does; but only by a step.
He wasn’t even wearing a collar. He’d mentioned it before they’d left, but all Stark had done was cock an eyebrow and ask, “Do you
“Say what?” Tony asked, sure that he hadn’t just heard what he thought he’d just heard.
Tony blinked slowly. “Of course, Steve.” He gestured for Steve to go first, so Steve walked towards the stairs, wishing he could turn around to watch Tony and make sure he was alright, but knowing he couldn’t without giving himself away.
“I told him I was okay.  I could—I
“Have you talked
He’d promised himself that if it didn’t go away or if he couldn’t figure anything out within a week, he’d tell Fury.  But that still gave him four more days.
What if he’d been wrong though? What if Steve wanted more? And if so, what was Tony going to do about it?
It wasn’t going to be the close-range fighting they’ve been doing up until now, so they agreed that a win would be when one person managed to hit the other with a weapon in their arsenal (in Steve’s case, his fist or his shield). Tony had the obvious advantage, but then, Steve had always had the advantage when they’d sparred before, and Tony had never complained. Besides, Tony had brought him to a place where the terrain could be used in his favor, a heavy forest surrounding the meadow the helicopter had landed in. Tony would have to slow down in order to avoid colliding with anything, and the trees would provide a lot of cover.
?” repeated Tony. “What do you think this whole thing was about?” he asked, his voice getting louder.
For a brief moment, it’d been almost everything he’d wanted, and without even seeing her, Steve had yes.
“You’re leaving now?”
Steve swallowed, the floor rocking underneath him, and he couldn’t talk. For the life of him, he couldn’t seem to get even one word out of his mouth.
That he.
She didn’t answer, just watched him steadily until he gave in.
“He keeps hurting you, Tony.”
He curled his fingers around the ends of the armrests, gripping tightly, before nodding again.
“And I told you that I can live on—”
But it felt real.
Not a real chapter, but the wonderful
“That’s never … I’ve never …”
“Oh really?  What if I don’t want to go?” he asked out of curiosity, although he had no intention of really resisting.  He’d only gotten to see it for a few seconds when he walked into the room, but man, he would follow that ass anywhere.  “Are you planning to carry me out here?”
“Lick,” he said, and Steve’s eyes went wide, but he did as Tony asked, his tongue flicking against his skin. “Again,” he ordered softly, and it was definitely a little wetter this time, saliva apparently pooling in Steve’s mouth, and he wondered if Steve was thinking about sucking it; if he was thinking about sucking other things.
Steve knew.
“Open up,” Tony said after he’d finally given himself permission to move back in front of him, and Steve stared up at Tony with eyes blind with lust, right before he took him in greedily.
But what about the janitorial staff? Have they already come by? Or are they going to walk in at any moment?
The design of the toy was relatively simple. It was a nice thickness and length, substantial but well short of pornstar dimensions; it had a flat, flared base, so Steve could sit down if he wanted without any danger of it slipping inside and getting stuck; and it was light enough that Steve could wear it standing all day, if necessary, but not so light that the weight wouldn’t gradually start stretching Steve open around the rounded bulb near the bottom if he didn’t clench up occasionally. In general, it should’ve been pretty comfortable for Steve to wear.
Or was that just Steve projecting his own desires onto Tony?
He certainly wasn’t going to do anything about that now, however, he decided resolutely, getting off the bed. He’d ask to spend the night, and Tony would or wouldn’t say yes, and then they’d go from there.
Needless to say, he was a little nervous. Tim was young enough that he was more excited than worried, and Damian … well, Dick might have to do a last-minute search for traps or something, because who knew what Damian’s expectations were about meeting Superman’s mom.
“Excuse me,” Tony said, butting in even though he knew he shouldn’t, because it wasn’t like that had ever stopped him before.  “I couldn’t help but eavesdrop, what with standing right here and everything, but you did not seriously just say that having a Dom was the same as being in lockdown in the military.”
He finally stood up when Steve had finished putting everything away. “You up for watching a movie?”
He hurried downstairs, saying, “JARVIS, please turn off the music,” as soon as he walked into Tony’s lab.
Maybe he’d just been especially sensitive that day due to how effortlessly Steve had been tossing him around—not that Steve was the typical Sub either—or maybe it’d been because no matter how much he tried to ignore it, Steve was still Captain America, and that meant something to Tony. Whatever the reason, when he’d caught that flash of contempt in Steve’s eyes, he’d instantly gone on the defensive, and he’d been harsher than he would’ve liked.
And saw a predator staring back at him.
And how that made him tense, hearing those words, because Tony had been trying to do the right thing all this time, and Steve had always assumed he’d choose the opposite.
He can hear Dr. Stark pull out two gloves from the box on the wall, and he doesn’t look, he doesn’t look, because looking is going to be the end of him. Steve knows what comes next, and even with how embarrassed he is, it’s all he can do to keep from squirming in anticipation.
“Are you alright?” Tony asked softly, letting his hands rest lightly on Steve’s back.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Rogers,” JARVIS said, and Steve found himself relaxing a little. So much had happened in the past few days that he’d half-expected JARVIS to have changed. The familiar greeting was reassuring.
“I’m assuming by your response that that’s not normal.”
“I don’t know,” Steve said, because it wasn’t a planned mission, and he couldn’t give Tony any kind of reliable estimate. While Tony was an Avenger, this wasn’t Avenger business, which meant he didn’t have the necessary clearance for Steve to say anything about the situation—not that he knew much, but still.
-----
Oh fuck. Oh
“Is everything a joke to you?” Steve asked, probably going for antagonistic but just coming off as tired.
And he knew that he’d messed up, knew that the past week had been … had been …
But no matter how caught up he was in Tony’s kisses, reality eventually reasserted itself when he jammed his elbow against the stall a few too many times.
“Wait, pilot?  Chef?”
Steve hates his bi-annual checkup.
And Tony, as his SHIELD-appointed Dom, had been part of the problem. At least in the beginning. Even when that had changed, though, even when Steve had wanted to be Tony’s, he’d gotten so used to the way Tony treated him that he’d started expecting it. Tony, who asked but never really demanded, who pushed, but only as far as he thought Steve would allow.
I might write more though, depending on response.  >_>  *cough, cough*  If I do continue, the warnings and rating will definitely go up, so.
make it better. Not that it’d get better right away. >_>
“What’s your safeword?”
Although it didn’t explain why the kid referred to him as “Pops” and Steve as “Dad.”
He swallowed thickly and wondered when Tony would want him on his knees for a different reason. He’d only tried it a few times before, but he’d liked it, and he looked forward to doing it again. Maybe Tony would even grab his hair again, and Steve remembered the cascade of shivers that had triggered, his shoulders coming up in reaction. It made his nipples tingle, embarrassingly enough, and he lowered his fingers from his mouth to rub at one, but it didn’t soothe the sensation so much as make it ten times worse instead.
-----
Besides, if nothing else, it’s something for Steve to remember him by.
He wondered what Tony would do when he walked in. Smile at him probably, because Tony was always generous with his smiles, but come over and hug him? Kiss him maybe? Not even passionately, although Steve wouldn’t mind that, would welcome it in fact, but a simple kiss hello to tell him he’d missed him?
It’s an audio glitch, I told you!  You know what, I’m just going to fly to the mansion ahead of you guys and work on the problem.  Catch you later,” Tony says, and he takes off, leaving Steve standing by himself, wondering how it’d all gone so wrong.
Except he doesn’t want to go to Tony, sticky and smelling of dried slick and sweat. It feels like he’s done everything wrong up until this point, so he can wait ten more—eight—five more minutes and do at least this much right.
He clenched his hands tighter.
good for me,” Tony said, his arms coming up to hold Steve.
As Dr. Stark milks him.
So it was for SHIELD’s sake that he was standing outside one Steve Roger’s door.  Because Tony didn’t want to be the cause of so much destruction.  He was doing them a favor really.
All right, fine, he can admit that he’s … annoyed. That Dr. Stark left him. When he’s so … when it’s obvious that Steve is … when the whole room
But maybe … maybe if Steve could learn to be good …
Steve’s mind reeled with the idea of going outside as a puppy, naked but for the gear that Tony had chosen for him. It didn’t matter that Tony had said he owned the surrounding 100 acres of land. How was Steve supposed to do that?
Now that Steve’s been split open on Tony’s cock, Tony is finally able to slide in and out with something resembling ease, and Steve’s making so much slick that he could swear that there are little splashes against his thighs with each thrust. The friction is intense enough to make him hold on to Tony for all he’s worth, and he’s nearly curled up into a ball, his knees by his ears, but even now he’s unwilling to stop kissing Tony, although he’s lost all technique at this point, just panting and making weak, helpless noises as Tony’s tongue invades his mouth.
“You know what I’d really love right now, though?” Tony said, his fingers settling over the back of Steve’s hand and rubbing firmly. “A cup of coffee to wake me up. Would you make one for me, Steve? You know how I like it.”
) drew art for me!!!!!!! (sorry, I know this isn't a real chapter, but FUCKING GORGEOUS ART, I can't)
“Don’t you think he’s laying it on a little thick?” Peter muttered next to him, tension running like a current through his body. Steve had to resist the urge to pat him on the back. They were in uniform, and it wouldn’t be appropriate to show anything that might come off as a weakness in front of an unknown entity. Even if it
“I’m not
-----
The ENIAC is regarded by many as the first digital computer, and it was completed in 1946.
“You do that,” he said, all false bravado, because he didn’t actually know if he’d survive Tony trying harder, but he was all for finding out.
He wasn’t surprised when Tony didn’t answer, because what was there to say? But it hit him as he watched Tony get smaller how much it must have hurt Peggy to have him disappear the way he had, to be the one left behind and realize only at the end how much sacrifice war demanded of a person. How it kept taking and taking until there was nothing left to give.
He envied Tony his lack of self-consciousness, his unblemished skin that suggested he’d never given his heart away and had it trampled on.  It was the main reason he started sleeping with him.  Tony knew how to protect his heart.  He wouldn’t be stupid enough to fall in love with Steve, and Steve, well, he’d already learned his lesson.
"No, no, don't try to convince me," Tony said, shaking his head and waving his hands. "It just won't work between us. I'm sorry, Steve."
He didn’t correct her assumption that he’d turned Tony down because he thought they weren’t contracted anymore—at least, that wasn’t the only reason. More important than their legal status was that he couldn’t stand to be around Tony, knowing that he didn’t belong to him anymore, that he didn’t
“Like I said, I’ve been very,
“For a while now, yeah.” He forced himself to straighten and ignore the pain.  “This one’s not that bad though, although it might take me a little longer to get back than I’d initially thought.  Two miles east of town?  I’ll get the truck,” he said and started figuring out the route he should take in order to get away.
He can’t wear these jeans. What the hell had he been thinking? They’re—no. Just no. Why does he even own these?
“I’ll get Dr. Martin,” he said, checking his watch. They still had sixteen minutes until Brock started blowing things up.
“Don’t
The problem was that Steve didn’t really know how to answer. Did Tony mean right away? Wasn’t that obvious? He wanted Tony to let him stay, for them to keep going as they had been. Or maybe Tony meant long-term, he thought, his eyes darting to Tony and then away. Steve didn’t want to blurt out the first thing that came to mind, wanted to give Tony the response he seemed to be looking for, but it was next to impossible to figure out what that was as Tony’s face got darker and darker. Steve had never been good at talking about his feelings, tended to avoid it whenever possible because he always mangled what he was trying to say, and the added pressure of Tony’s anger and how much hung in the balance just made him all the more tongue-tied.
Steve hadn’t had the faintest clue what he meant, but it hadn’t been important. He hadn’t said anything to contradict Stark, but he
So what did that mean? Steve didn’t plan on turning his back on SHIELD or on Nick, still believed there was a cause worth fighting for. Nick needed him now as the voice of reason more than ever, needed to see that there were better ways to keep the world safe than Project Insight.
his submission.
It’s while Tony’s doing the last thing that his Angel flinches, and Tony jerks his tentacles away guiltily, but there’s no other reaction.
“You heard that, huh?”
“All right, then I’m going to add a second finger now. Let me know if it’s too much for you.”
“Yes. You will,” Tony said, and there was a note in his voice made Steve fall silent as Tony went to grab something from the bar counter and then walked past him to the elevator. Tony made no mention of Steve’s bags on the floor or in his hand, and he didn’t touch him before leaving, barely glanced at him on the way out.
But somehow not
He couldn’t read the expression on Tony’s face, however, and he had to swallow the lump that rose in his throat, his heart hurting worse than his arms had a minute before.
He’d been prepared to throw himself into the three-ring circus, but so far, it hadn’t happened. He and Tony had never actually discussed it before, but Tony didn’t push for them to go out, even though he was much more social than Steve was. When they did venture outside together, it was to remote areas where there was little chance of them being seen, let alone recognized. Tony went out of his way to make sure they had the time and space to just be together, out of the limelight, and it was another kindness on top of a mountain of them already.
“Hi, Steve,” he says, and presses his temple to his, feeling weirdly overwhelmed. “I’m Tony.”
“Yes, but I’m prettier than you are,” Tony said, and Steve glanced up in time to see him bat his eyelashes.  “It would be a crime against nature if I were to pass away right now.  You wouldn’t want to be responsible for allowing such a horrible travesty to occur, now would you, Steve?”
“Let me try one last thing and then we can move on,” Dr. Stark says, and Steve doesn’t even have a chance to breathe a sigh of relief when Dr. Stark lets go before he takes both of Steve’s nipples and rolls them between his fingers.
“Sorry, I guess I’m still n-n-nervous,” Steve says, stuttering as Dr. Stark pushes all the way inside, his knuckles digging into Steve’s ass. Fuck.
his trust, with the only possible exception being that he didn’t do anything to break it, every day that passed by without incident proving that Tony’s faith was deserved.
Still nothing. Bucky had to be purposefully not answering just to make him nervous.
“Maybe kinky is too mild a word,” says an unbearably cheerful voice, and Steve tilts his head toward the sound, whimpering when that sends fiery lances of pain through his brain.
“Are you saying your safeword?”
He was mostly hard by the time he was finished, an instinctive response to being naked in Tony’s presence, which would’ve been fine before, good even, but which was just humiliating now when Tony was so angry with him, his body not realizing its shame.
Tony didn’t deserve this. Tony deserved better, someone—
“In an hour,” Steve said, grimacing, and okay, shit, Tony could do this.
“I will,” he promised. “Thanks.”
It was that fact that Fury was counting on when he dangled Captain America like bait in front of him, even though he knew Tony liked his privacy and disliked attachments and had never accepted a long-term Sub.  Howard Stark had spent years and millions of dollars searching for Captain America, attention and energy that he hadn’t ever focused in the same way on Tony, and Fury had to be thinking that there was no way he was going to walk away from that, from having the man his father had preferred over Tony down on his knees in front of him.
For the prompts "Telepathy" (avengers_tables) and "New superpowers" (cap_ironman bingo).
If he’d thought that he had the self-control for it, he would’ve looked back at Tony in order to see what expression he was wearing, would’ve wanted to watch Tony’s eyes darken and his face become flushed. The last thing Steve needed at that moment, however, was confirmation that Tony was getting caught up in what he was doing to him. Not when Steve was already this close.
Tony stares and then whispers a soft, “
“What else am I supposed to think, Tony?” he demanded, folding his arms across his chest as if that would keep the hurt pinned inside.  “The whole point of today was to find furniture
I don't know why writing about enemas was easier for me than writing mpreg, but there you go.
Although maybe he would have.  Tony had nearly killed him after all.  Twice.
“What if he offered, though?” Steve said, leaning forward in his seat. “The next day, when everyone was leaving, Tony said I always had a place with him if I wanted it. Would he still be in breach if I didn’t take him up on it?”
“If you need anything else, you can speak to JARVIS.”
“I’ve thought it over, Steve, and after the way you were acting in the coffee shop, I really think I’d feel better if I examined you after all.” A flicker of uncertainty passes over his face. “If that’s—if that’s alright with you?”
But of course Steve had known that. It was why Tony had used his safeword. Because Steve had pushed him there, because Steve wasn’t any good. Because Tony had realized just how bad he was and had given up on him.
“I know I am.” She hesitated briefly, then touched her necklace, an arrow on a chain. “Clint and I went through something similar early on in our relationship. We were only held for a few hours before we escaped, but it was a long few hours. It took a lot of therapy and a lot of time, but we pulled through, because we refused to let it break us. Dr. Martin and her husband will as well.”
