Sam paused. “What the fuck do you mean, ‘for real this time’? What is wrong with you?”
Dean felt a tear slide down his cheek as he finished the prayer, hands clasped together and eyes squeezed tight in an attempt to make his effort feel more sincere. He’d never been one to pray, but he would try anything to get into contact with Castiel. Dean took a few deep breaths and slipped into a fitful sleep.
“Dean,
Dean opened the driver side door of the Impala and got in. “No reason.”
Dean froze. Cas was right, of course. But to be fully understood and to have that information presented so casually was frightening. Dean had never experienced a friendship like Castiel’s before. He’d never really experienced friendship at all, for that matter. Cas was his only friend. His best friend.
Cas immediately melted into it, sliding one of his hands up Dean’s back and spreading his fingers through Dean’s thick hair that he’d always wanted to touch. Dean responded in kind, pressing Cas against the door like he couldn’t get their bodies close enough. Dean moved his hands under the trenchcoat, gripping Cas’ hips hard. He maneuvered them so that Cas’ back was to the rest of the room, pushing backwards until Cas’ knees hit the bed and they fell onto it together, Dean straddling Cas’ thighs and moving him up across the bedspread.
The library was a small building, only one story lined with dark brick and small windows placed sporadically throughout. It reminded Dean of when he and Sam were younger, and their dad would leave them on their own for days at a time. Dean used to bring Sam to the library to keep him busy and distract him from the constant anxiety of wondering when Dad would be back.
Cas tipped his head to the side. Dean wanted to kiss him so badly, but he couldn’t. Something was stopping him. “Do what, Dean?”
And they fucking hate each other.
Dean looked to Cas, and Cas shrugged. It couldn’t hurt to have another pair of eyes.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Yes, Dean.”
When Cas finally emerged from the bathroom, freshly showered and hair dripping wet, Dean was already settled on one side of the bed. Cas stood there, watching Dean, before finally choosing to sit in the desk chair. Dean sighed. He only had two options here. Invite Cas into bed, leading to an inevitably awkward evening of bed-sharing, or leave his best friend to sit up all night in an uncomfortable chair. He gave in and patted the other side of the mattress. “Come on, man. It’s fine.”
He thought back to the night they met in the barn, sparks literally flying as Cas short circuited every light within a five-mile radius. Dean was telling the truth earlier – he could feel Cas’ power coursing through the room, which was why he ended up stabbing the angel in the chest. He remembers the face Cas made at him as he looked down at Dean, pulling the knife out of his body like it was a slight inconvenience rather than a potentially life-threatening wound. Dean had felt a connection, a pull toward Cas that was unexplainable. It’s been that way since they met. Dean always wanted Cas near, he always wanted to tell Cas about his day, he wanted to be there whenever Cas needed him. Dean’s always been in love with him. It just took a fake relationship to make him realize.
Dean closed his eyes for a brief second and swallowed harshly before asking, “Why does this sound like a goodbye?”
Dean turned to Cas as soon as the elevator door closed. “Thanks for the help back there, man. I think the long drive must have scrambled my brain or somethin’.”
love like that? A thousand questions bounced around Dean’s brain. He wasn’t going to get any sleep tonight, not with the man he loves overwhelming all of his senses.
Either ignoring or not noticing Dean’s temperature change, Cas continued on. “Obviously, I told you I loved you first. Knowing you, you wouldn’t believe it even after I spelled it out for you. It would take you some time, but you eventually come to terms with your childhood trauma, and we establish ourselves as a partnership.”
Maybe I’ll use this notebook to write what I would say to Cas if he was still here. Yeah. That’ll be good.
Dean was becoming frustrated and increasingly worried by Cas’ behavior. “What are you taking about, man?”
“What the fuck…” Dean said to himself, not quite believing his own eyes. He tried to move his arms around, but quickly realized that was a losing battle.
Dean opened the door to leave the bathroom, walking out into the hallway and directly into Cas. “I apologize, Dean. I did not realize you were in there.”
He dreamt of Cas most nights. Cas dying at the hands of some monster and Dean can only watch, can’t move to save him. Cas leaving him, choosing not to come home from Purgatory. Dean would wake with a start, the vision of Cas drifting away slowly, only to find himself an empty clearing with Benny fast asleep nearby. Sometimes, though… he had good dreams about Cas. Cas grazing his fingertips across Dean’s lips. Cas ghosting his mouth along Dean’s jawline. Cas pressing into Dean until all he can do is gasp Castiel’s name…
Dean coughed. “Definitely been better. That was really good, those things you said to her. How did you know it would work?”
cries, and he was really putting on the waterworks at this point.
Cas immediately saw the fourth beer and said, “You can’t give Jack a beer, Dean. He’s three years old.”
Once Iris-slash-Marisa finished dragging Castiel over to the nearest wall, she turned to Dean.
After what felt like an eternity, Dean pulled back and smirked, running his hand through Cas’ hair as he spoke. “So… you’d really ‘fall from grace just to touch my face’, huh?”
The next customer in line tapped his hand on the counter to get Cas’ attention. “Hey buddy, I don’t got all day.”
Cas stood across from Dean, hands pressed into his thighs. The angel’s eyebrows shot up, shocked by Dean’s sudden outburst. “I did not realize my absence would impact you so severely, Dean. I apologize. If it is any consolation, I feel the same way,” Cas said, sympathy etched into his features.
“I love you too, Dean. I forgive you. But we should definitely call the police.”
As soon as Dean brought the phone away from his ear, everything went dark.
Dean cleared his throat. “Yeah. Cas and I… have experience with this type of thing.”
did you kiss me and then ditch me for Purgatory? You could have died,” Dean said, his voice trembling with anger. “I wanted to
understand the meaning of Dean’s mixtape and was trying to let him down gently. Dean had apparently been lost in thought for the entirety of the song, because as the final chorus filled the Impala he felt his breath catch in his throat.
Dean immediately felt something solid against his back. Cas had him pressed up against the door, just as Dean had done to him only a half an hour ago. “Tell me to stop,” Cas whispered.
Cas was staring up at Dean from the ground, eyebrows raised in amusement at Dean’s reaction. “I don’t think I do know ‘how it is’, Dean. Could you elaborate?”
After a moment of silence, Dean stood up and enveloped Cas in a hug, wrapping both arms around the angel’s broad shoulders. Cas froze, surprised by the sudden display of affection.
“Dean,” Cas whispered, “Leave her be. She’s upset.”
“Keep your hands off of him,” Cas snarled as he used both hands to push Benny against a nearby tree. The roots of the plant barely held on, fighting against the sheer amount of force Cas used to move the vampire. Dean knew Cas was showing off to intimidate Benny, but he wasn’t going to bring that up in case Cas chose to redirect his anger at Dean.
“Cas, Cas, Cas,” Dean chanted, unable to control himself. He continued to babble as he came, Cas whispering in his ear something about how beautiful and loved he is. Cas’ release followed soon after, and Dean cradled his face in his hands, watching with admiration. After a moment, Cas rolled off of Dean. Dean immediately missed the contact.
Dean looked up at Cas from his desk chair, confusion apparent in his curled lip and furled eyebrows. Cas had stalked into his room a moment before and unceremoniously dropped a small rectangle on the table in front of Dean.
“You guys finish packing yet?”
“No shit. Really?”
Dean clapped his hands together before running down the hall to share the news with Cas and Jack. Sam smiled to himself. This would be interesting.
Dean put his phone face down on the seat next to him in the Impala and began his drive home, to the bunker. He was about two hours out and already heavily anticipating sleeping in his own bed. Dean had been gone for a week and he was starting to miss his family.
“Don’t you know by now that I’d rather be in danger with you than safe without you?” Dean’s voice cracked, overwhelmed by the whiplash of emotions he’d felt in the last few minutes.
Dean spluttered out a noise that was a mix of the words “What?” and “No!” while aggressively shaking his head.
Cas looked at Dean, eyes soft like he and Dean are sharing a secret. “I’m glad to spend time with you, Dean.”
Cas looked confused. “No, Dean. We only packed items that we thought might be useful on the trip. How would we fit the entire bunker into these bags?”
Cas had been living with them in the bunker for a few months now. He finally had his own room, which Dean helped furnish with a trip to IKEA that resulted in a three-hour long argument about bedframes. Who knew angels could be so picky about interior design?
Sam tossed the idea around in his head before nodding. “Okay. We’ll try that first. But Cas, I’m serious. We’re running out of options here.”
“What friends do you got that I don’t know?” Dean asked once Sam was out of earshot.
“Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean mumbled, running his hand through Cas’ hair for a brief moment.
“How long have you two been together?” Iris asked.
“I’ve got a case for you, if you’re interested,” Sam said through a mouthful of oatmeal. Dean never understood why his younger brother tortured himself with that health food garbage. Dean has eaten bacon almost every morning of his 40-something-year long life, and nothing bad has happened yet.
Dean stared at Cas’ retreating back, still replaying the memory of Cas’ face moving closer to his over and over in his head. “Yeah, let’s go.”
Cas sent a waffle emoji alongside this message, which made Dean feel overwhelmed with fondness.
Cas walked back from the self-serve coffee station with a single foam cup. Dean reached out and grabbed for it, taking a sip before returning it to Cas. Cas smiled at Dean, sitting down next to him at the table with Iris.
Hey Cas,
Dean was still groggy, but he opened his eyes to find Sam staring at him sheepishly from foot of his bed. He looked over to the other side of his bed to see a person-shaped lump taking up a large chunk of space. He smiled, thinking back to the previous night, before rubbing his eyes and looking back to his brother.
He and Cas would just have to get this case over with, and things will get back to normal. Dean grabbed his bag and started walking toward the garage to get ready to leave. He passed Castiel’s room on his way, and yelled out, “Leaving in ten, Cas!”
And then he met Benny.
Dean looked away from the night sky to stare at Cas. He wasn’t moving, just staring in awe at the stars. Dean felt his heart swell with adoration for the man sitting next to him. Castiel looked down for a moment, noticing Dean staring at him.
Dean, shaky but trying not to break down in front of his three-year-old son, nodded slowly to show Jack that he understood. Pursing his lips, he drummed his fingers on the table a few times before pushing out of his chair and walking silently to his room, closing the door behind him. Sam looked between Dean’s retreating figure and Jack, who now was fidgeting uncomfortably in his chair. Sam reached out to place a comforting hand on Jack’s shoulder. “It’ll be okay, bud. We’ll figure this out.”
Benny smirked. “Brother, you wear that heart of yours on your sleeve.”
Dean thought back to when he first met Castiel, in a barn covered in sigils. He laughed as he remembered stabbing Cas in the chest. If you told him back then that twelve years from now, he’d be in a relationship with that messy-haired, dramatic angel, he would have laughed in your face. But it makes sense. They make sense. Everything that happened to them led them to each other. Dean found Heaven in a fallen angel, and he wouldn’t trade it for the world.
Dean smirked. “We’ve been working hard for years, Sammy. I think we all deserve a break. You, me, Cas, and Jack. We could… go on a road trip! There’s plenty of stuff you and I haven’t seen yet. We could drive to California and see the ocean, maybe stop by those tourist traps like the ‘Biggest Ball of Twine’ or whatever.”
Sam seemed to ponder this information for a moment, before saying, “I think that’s all the more reason to tell him the truth.”
“No, Cas, seriously. I let my feelings for you get in the way of the case and I’m sorry—” Dean slammed his mouth shut, realizing far too late what he said.
I want to drink, but I know Cas wouldn’t like it if I went down that rabbit hole again. So I’m writing down my ‘feelings’ instead. I’m doing this for Cas, though. Not my annoying little brother. I haven’t told anyone this, but Sam keeps asking what happened when Cas was taken by the Empty. He saved me. Cas made a deal with the Empty without telling me. That stupid bastard. He should’ve told me. We could have saved him. He said that the Empty would only take him if he experienced ‘a moment of true happiness’. Cas said that I made him care about the rest of the world. Me, of all people. I don’t know what he
“Hey, Cas. Can we talk?”
“You guys seem really happy together,” Iris sighed.
Cas was thoroughly disheveled at this point. His hair stuck out at all angles, moreso than normal, and his lips were kiss-swollen and bright red. Dean gulped.
Dean’s eyebrows scrunched together in confusion. What was Cas talking about? They got Jack out without making a deal. Dean shook his head slightly before choking out, “You what?”
“Hey, assholes! We got some Leviathans headed our way. Let’s get this show on the road.”
Cas rolled his eyes before reaching a hand out, requesting that Dean help him up. Dean hesitated, still uncomfortably trying to hide his tented jeans. He eventually decided that his dignity was long gone, so he grabbed Cas’ hand and pulled him off the ground. Their hands lingered for a moment, Cas staring at Dean, intense as always. Dean broke under the pressure, looking away and breaking the contact between them.
Dean parked the car and pulled an old blanket and a small picnic basket out from the backseat. Quirking his eyebrow and smirking at the angel, he explained, “We’re gonna sit on the hood of the Impala, look at the stars, and have a beer or two.”
Dean looked at Cas like he had suddenly grown a second head. “Love at first sight,” he deadpanned.
Cas nodded. “It seems that way.”
“That’s why you knew about the husband. You knew where to find the death certificate and the article. You made sure we got caught by the front desk clerk before we could find anything else.” Dean shook his head. He should have known. “Why even do this, though? What did these people ever do to you?” Dean asked.
This time, Dean was the one to wrap his arms underneath Cas’ to pull him in for another kiss.
A loud noise pulled Dean out of his Cas-induced reverie, and he looked up the beach to see Jack struggling to finish putting together a tent.
“Nice to meet you, man. Dean mentioned you last night. You’re a lucky guy,” Reid winked at Dean, causing Dean to blush in response. Dean looked over to Cas, who seemed disgruntled.
Dean looked Cas up and down, trying to figure out what he was doing. “Why are you telling me this now?”
“What gives you that idea?”
Once seated, Cas was still avoiding eye contact with Dean. Dean sighed and asked, “What gives, man? Are you mad at me or somethin’?”
Dean threw his head back and barked out a laugh before unceremoniously pressing a kiss to Cas’ lips. He reveled in the feeling of Cas’ mouth against his, not caring if anyone could see them. “Where’s Sam?”
Sam shrugged slightly, unsure how to have this conversation. He should’ve picked a better location for it, rather than standing awkwardly in the hallway. “What did you say when he told you… you know. That he loves you?”
A small figure appeared across the room, slowly making its way toward where Dean lay on the floor.
The corner of Castiel’s mouth tipped up in amusement. “I’ve been pondering it. How did we meet? When did we fall in love? Who said it first? Do we want to get married? Have children?”
Dean and Cas jumped apart immediately at Benny’s interruption, avoiding eye contact to focus on where Benny’s voice had come from. As Benny approached them, Cas gave Dean a look that was heavy with emotion before turning around to lead the way.
Cas gasped at the contact, relieved by the feeling of Dean’s skin against his own, and Dean decided that was the most beautiful sound he’d ever heard. They easily found a rhythm, Dean thrusting against Cas and Cas using his entire bodyweight to push Dean into the mattress.
Dean paused for a moment to look over at Cas, who was still staring out at the sea. Releasing Cas’ hand, Dean gripped his elbow to turn the angel’s body to face his own. Dean’s other hand reached up to softly brush some of Cas’ hair off of his forehead. Eventually settling on Cas’ jaw, Dean pulled Cas’ gaze from the water to finally look at him. “I know I’m not great at showing you how much I care, but I do. Care, I mean. I have never been this happy before. You. Me. Sam and Jack. That’s all I need. I’ll spend every day trying to prove it to you if that’s what it takes. I love you, Cas.”
Dean continued to smile down at the message from Cas as he got out of bed and prepared for the day. That’s just a normal thing buddies do. He can appreciate messages from Cas without it being weird. His feelings don’t have to change anything between them. He won’t let them.
character, to say the least. He was snarky, reckless, and honestly? He could be pretty annoying sometimes. No wonder they got along so well. Dean ran into Benny during what was now a routine Leviathan attack that might have been Dean’s last. The Leviathan had Dean restrained in the air, holding on by the collar of his t-shirt. Something managed to knife the thing before Dean had a chance to get near his own weapon.
“No way to know,” Iris mumbled.
Cas shrugged. “I hardly think it could be Lisa, Sam. Dean had me erase her memory.”
“Cas!” Dean cried out, “Iris is still in there. Be careful.”
“Dean?”
“Because it is.”
The World’s Largest Ball of Twine was… less than impressive, in Dean’s opinion. Cas and Jack found it fascinating though, so it ended up being worth the trip. Cas managed to purchase a t-shirt, without Dean noticing, that said in big block letters:
Dean pulled his phone from his pocket and immediately dialed Sam’s number. Sam picked up after the second ring, and Dean sighed with relief.
Sam huffed at that. Dean hadn’t been romantically interested in anyone in years. He barely even tried to pick up women at the bars they stumbled into after their more difficult cases. Dean hasn’t had a long-term relationship… pretty much
Love, Dean
A shriek cut through the room, causing Dean to recoil. He watched as a bright light emitted from Iris’ small form, the energy of the spirit leaving her, finding peace at long last. ‘
Hey Cas,
all over me. My clothes are
Iris apparently ducked out to avoid getting caught, which left Dean on his own with his best friend that he has now made out with a total of three separate times. Great. For someone who has claimed up until now to be heterosexual, he’s developing quite a track record.
“Oh, do we now?” Dean was grinning so hard he felt like his face might split in half. “I guess we better make use of it.”
Iris gave Cas a small smile. Dean was always impressed with Castiel’s ability to empathize with people, even though he was an angel with self-proclaimed poor people skills. Cas had something about him that just made people feel more comfortable. He was a peaceful presence.
Dean held up his hands in surrender. “If you’re doing so well, I’ll just leave you alone then. Fine.”
Dean’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. “What do you mean, she blew up?”
The library was a twenty-minute drive from the hotel. They sat in silence for the first few minutes, until Cas sighed. “Can I play some music, Dean?”
saw in me. I remember feeling like something was wrong. I knew something was wrong because Cas
Love, Dean
I adopted a dog. Her name is Miracle. I think you’d love her. She’s a shaggy little thing who loves to snuggle. Sam and Eileen are doing well. I think they might move out of the bunker soon. I’m happy for them, I am. I just don’t want to be all alone in this huge bunker. I don’t know what else to say. If you were here I wouldn’t have to worry about being alone.
“Well, I am sorry that your friend didn’t make it. He was a good fighter and I know how much he meant to you.”
Cas pulled Dean up from his chair and they maneuvered behind the desk together. Unlocking the door, Dean was presented with a long hallway of doors, any of which could potentially have the hotel records behind them.
The two fell into a comfortable silence, unsure where to take this conversation next.
Sam looked confused, his eyebrows scrunching together. “Why not? This is incredible! You two obviously both have feelings for each other. Now you can go for it!”
Looking between the two of them, Iris clapped her hands together. “This is a lead, though, right? At least we have something to go on now.”
Back at the bar for the second night in a row, Reid the bartender recognized Dean as soon as he and Cas walked in. “Hey, man! C’mon over, I’ll get you started.”
As Dean bickered with his brother, he realizes that Cas hasn’t said a word the entire time. The coffee cup he commandeered from Dean only a few minutes ago sat untouched, slowly getting cold on the kitchen table.
Eventually, they reached the peak. Cas grabbed Dean by the wrist and looked into his eyes for an excruciating amount of time, long enough that a second wave of Leviathans was able to accumulate at the bottom of the cliff.
would quit provoking me.”
Sam’s thought was cut short by Castiel stumbling into the kitchen, bleary-eyed and still half asleep. His face perked up at the sight of Dean’s coffee cup, and Dean rolled his eyes before passing it over to the angel. Dean knew better by now than to get in the way of Cas when it came to coffee in the morning.
. He groaned internally. It was a much later start than he’d planned on getting, but that’s what happens when you spend half the night making out with your best friend and subsequently having a sexuality crisis.
Cas simply nodded in response. The elevator door opened up onto their floor, and they walked down to the end of a long hallway. Dean slid the plastic card into the metal door, maneuvering his bag into the other hand to push the handle down. As the two men entered the room, Dean began to realize just how bad of an idea this was.
Cas and Dean had started dating only a few months ago, so things were still relatively new and exciting between them. Dean still struggled with not only giving Cas the love he deserved, but accepting that Cas loved him, of all people. It was difficult, coming to terms with the fact that loving Cas meant that he liked dudes in general. Dean still wasn’t comfortable labelling himself, and Cas was okay with that.
Slicing a thin line down his arm, he released the essence that was his friend while speaking the final few lines of the incantation. Benny appeared before him again, with a telltale smirk on his face that told Dean he saw
me. They never arrested him, his family had plenty of money to prevent that. He died soon after, anyway. Serves him right,” Iris scoffed.
. In the center of the shirt sat two circles of twine. Sam burst out laughing when he saw Cas walk up to the Impala wearing it, but Dean thought it was adorable. Jack was holding his souvenir, a small twine ball keychain. He insisted that he was going to use it to break the previously held record for largest twine ball once they arrived home to the bunker.
“There ya go,” Dean said, handing the items to Cas. Cas stared down at the clothing for a moment, before reaching out to collect them from Dean. His fingers brushed over Dean’s and lingered for a moment, before he finally pressed the clothing against his chest and took a step back toward Dean’s still open bedroom door.
A large, scruffy-looking man looked down at him and smiled before winking at Dean, intentionally flashing his sharp fangs. “Sure you did.”
Cas felt a chill run down his spine. Sam was right. “There is… one thing I can think of, but it’s very old magic. There’s no way to know if it would actually work.”
. I don’t care about the case. I don’t care about anything else. It’s been killing me to know you’re out here all alone and I can’t do anything about it. So no, I’m not doing fine without you, Cas. I’m doing terrible.”
He’d almost forgotten about Benny.
“This one is a monkey covering its eyes.” Next to the message was a small monkey emoji, just as Cas had described. Dean laughed softly before scrolling to read the next message.
“The price was my life. When I experienced a moment of true happiness, The Empty would be summoned, and it would take me forever.”
Dean shook his head. Cas kissed him.
Love, Dean
“What’s got your panties in a twist?” Benny asked after a few hours of wandering through the forest.
much with your help with the toilet…” Iris’ voice faded in and out as she moved closer.
Dean pulled the Impala over to the side of the highway and felt his eyes burn with tears. Cas pushed off his side of the front seat to wrap Dean in his arms. “You could’ve died. I almost lost you again, Cas”, Dean sobbed. “I can’t lose you again. Not after I just got you back.”
“Alright, enough of this gross couple stuff. We get it, you’re in love and it’s disgustingly sweet. Let’s stop for dinner.” Sam said, a hand running through his hair, obviously frustrated with himself for being the one to start this conversation.
Dean felt himself choke again. “
Today marked their fifth day on the road, and they were finally going to the honeybee sanctuary Cas was desperate to visit. Dean was actually pretty excited too. Anything was better than Sam’s pick, which had been a weird museum back in Colorado. Dean couldn’t remember what the museum was actually for, he couldn’t focus on all of the old relics and ancient artifacts when Cas was right there. Cas was Dean’s favorite ancient relic, which he decided to share with Cas, only to be greeted with the bitchface Cas saves only for Dean.
Cas rolled his eyes. Dean glared at him.
. At least… he thought they were boyfriends now. They could figure that out later. For now, Dean was going to revel in the feeling of knowing Cas wants him too. Chuckling, Dean thought back to the messages Cas sent him earlier. “So you like me in a cowboy hat, huh?”
Love, Dean
Suddenly, Dean felt himself being pushed away and he didn’t have enough time to hold on, to try to prevent Cas from leaving him. He was vaguely aware of his own body crashing into a nearby wall. Grasping for something, anything to ground himself, he pressed his hands into the concrete floor. Dean watched as Cas, eyes full of tears but his face peaceful, disappeared into the mess of black.
“A vacation?” Cas smiled. “I’d like that very much, Dean.”
“I know, Dean. And I apologize for that. I was trying to keep you safe. The Leviathans would not have left you alone if I was around.” Cas looked into Dean’s eyes again. Those damn blue eyes were going to be the death of him. His hand was still grabbing at that stupid trenchcoat, so he used it to pull Cas into a hug, if only in an attempt to hide the tears filling his eyes. Dean pressed his face into Cas’ neck, trying to get as close as possible to him.
Dean stared into the flames before quietly saying, “First of all, I never said his eyes were dreamy. And second of all, I ain’t into dudes.”
going on a date with Cas and he wanted everything to be perfect. Typically, Dean would take his dates to a nice dinner, but since angels didn’t eat, he had to come up with other plans.
Cas gave Dean a small, close-lipped smile while rubbing his hand over the other repeatedly. “It’s a mixtape. Like the one you made me.”
Dean moved around Cas, pressing his hand into the angel’s back for leverage. Cas slowly stepped forward at the contact, allowing Dean to get to his chest of drawers. Dean grabbed a few shirts, a flannel or two, and a couple of pairs of his old jeans for Cas to borrow.
Sam laughed. “That’s all you got from everything I just said? Jesus, Dean, you’re more repressed than I thought.”
“Cas,” Sam said quietly, “What if… what if
“Is Iris dead?” Dean asked.
The morning after… whatever happened between Dean and Benny wasn’t as awkward as Dean expected. Dean didn’t want to think about it. Benny was acting normal, so he could act normal too. Just guys bein’ dudes. Relieving some tension. He had been stressed, and it felt good to enjoy himself for once. It felt good to do something
Dean crumpled to his knees, collecting Cas’ hands within his own palms. “Cas. I know you feel what’s happening between us. I know it’s not just me. Losing you for an entire year, not knowing if I’d ever see you again… I realized that I never want to be without you for as long as I live. I don’t know what the future holds for us, but I know I want you there with me. I lo- “
Cas held his hands up in an attempt to stop Sam from saying anything more damning. “Sam, please. I don’t want Dean to find out.”
“I’m so sorry you had to go through that,” Cas said, and Dean could tell he really meant it.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Don’t be so old-fashioned, Dean. One of the couples involved with the case was two women. I don’t think ghosts are typically concerned with the sexuality of their victims.”
Cas was staring down at his phone. “Dean, Iris isn’t answering her phone. I’m worried.”
“So… I was talking to Sam. What do you think about all of us going on a trip?”
Dean walked into the kitchen and sat down at the table across from Sam. Sam looked up from his newspaper, incredulous at the suggestion. “A vacation? Since when do you, of all people, want to take a break from hunting?”
“I wish there was more we could do to help her,” Cas sighed.
Dean couldn’t bear it any longer. “I’m gonna… I gotta go,” he said, tripping over himself to leave the room.
Benny held his hands up in surrender, eyes bulging out of his skull. Cas slowly released him, and Benny dropped to his knees, coughing in an attempt to moderate his breathing. Cas watched him for a moment before turning on his heel and stomping away. Dean scrubbed his hand down his face and then weighed his options. He decided to follow after Cas, quickly catching up to him. Dean grabbed Cas’ arm, pulling him around until they were face to face. Dean’s hand was still pressed into Cas’ arm, his hand clenching around a fistful of trenchcoat. “What the fuck is your problem, man?”
“Wait…” a hand reached out, wobbly and weak, to stop the EMTs from moving any further. Dean stood up, relief washing over his entire body. Iris was alive.
Dean grinned. “Well, if you don’t mind, I’d like to enjoy the rest of the morning with my
Dean nodded, and Cas pulled him toward the water. Cas pulled his shoes and socks off, and Dean followed suit, pressing their toes into the sand. Dean reached for Cas’ hand again, and Cas complied, interlocking their fingers. They stood there for what felt like an eternity, watching as the water ebbed and flowed and crashed. Cas broke the silence after some time, murmuring, “Are you happy, Dean?”
“Yeah, maybe. But I think for now we should stick around and see what we can find out here,” Dean responded.
“Oh, yeah? I’ll have to make a mental note.”
Dear Cas,
“I mean, I… if you want, I don’t want to force anything on you, I wasn’t trying to-“
“What if I want it to?” Dean grinned.
Iris stood alone inside the elevator. “I was just coming to look for you guys. I found something that might help us.”
Iris looked up at Dean, hope in her eyes. “Have you… I mean… Did you see Laurel? Is she okay?”
Dean woke with a start and rubbed the sleep out of his eyes. Miracle jumped on their bed and Dean pulled her in for a hug. He looked next to him to see Cas asleep on his stomach, his wild hair sticking out in all directions. Dean felt his heart skip a beat. He finally had everything he’d ever wanted. Cas’ eyes opened slowly, and he saw Dean staring down at him with a content look on his face. Cas rolled over onto his back, grabbed Dean’s hips, and pulled his boyfriend on top of him. As he kissed up Dean’s jaw, Dean let out a sigh and said, “I love you, Cas.”
Dean surged up from where he sat below Cas, pulling Cas on top of him and pressing their mouths together again. He felt frenzied now, he wanted everything and anything Cas would give him. His hands moved to push Cas’ jacket all the way off, before travelling down his body to feel underneath Cas’ t-shirt. The warm skin that met him made Dean groan, and Cas let go of Dean for a brief moment to pull both of their shirts off. Before Dean knew what was happening, they were both completely undressed, and Cas was back on top of him.
Cas tilted his head slightly, confused by the question. “What do you mean?”
Both of Cas’ thumbs softly caressed Dean’s face and Cas brought their lips together. The kiss wasn’t what Dean would describe as aggressive, like it usually was with them; it was slower and sweeter. Like they
Dean pressed his hand against his mouth, as though he could take the words back and pretend he hadn’t said them aloud. Cas choked, turning his gaze from the sky to look at Dean quickly. “You
“I love Taylor Swift!” Iris helpfully supplied from the back seat.
About an hour after Cas left Dean’s room, Dean put down the papers he was looking through for a case to reach for the mixtape again. Dean knew why he made that Led Zeppelin mixtape for Cas, but he didn’t think Cas understood human customs like making a mixtape for someone. His feelings for Castiel had become… complicated, as of late. Dean was terrible at expressing himself, but he’s always been able to understand his feelings a little more through his favorite songs. He recently realized (embarrassingly enough) that he had developed quite a crush on the former angel. He knew that he would explode if he didn’t do something about it, but he didn’t want to ruin their friendship. Thus, ‘Dean’s Top 13 Zepp Traxx’ was born.
“No, it’s okay,” Iris sniffled, “I want to tell people about her. I want people to keep looking for her. The police think she’s… they think she’s dead. But I have a feeling she’s waiting for me to find her. Her behavior was just so erratic and strange the day she went missing. She was so cruel to me. It was like nothing I’ve ever seen from her.”
Dean reached out to touch Cas, before quickly dropping his hand to his side again. “Cas? Is that really you?”
Dean was roughly shaken from his racing thoughts by the soft vibrating that emanated from his forearm.
Dean slammed his fist on the table before pushing himself out of his chair to pace across the floor of the bunker kitchen. “You don’t know that, Sammy.”
Taking a quick glance inside, Dean saw a single article that read: ‘
“Cas, I—"
“Cas…” Dean attempted before he was cut off by Cas holding his hand up to stop him. Dean took another step toward Cas. Cas took another step back, until he was standing up against the door of the motel room.
Dean felt himself freeze. He looked down at the mixtape in his hand for a moment, before looking back at Cas again. He thought back to the tracklist he had already committed to memory. It all came to him at once, the lyrics flooding his brain.
Cas was sitting on a tree stump, taking his turn to watch over Dean and Benny as they slept to avoid any more near-death experiences. Dean stood in front of him, fidgeting uncomfortably with the knowledge of what he was about to do.
Cas’ gaze returned to Dean, eyes locking with his mouth and then moving back up to his eyes. Dean pretended not to notice. The server chose that moment to bring them their order, and Dean took the opportunity to break the tension between the two of them. He downed his drink immediately and requested that the server bring another. It was going to be a long night.
Iris shook her head and threw her hand up in Dean’s direction. “Whoa. You’re going to drop that bomb on me and then expect me to just sit here all day? No. I’m coming with you.”
“Yeah, that’d be great.” Dean shuffled over to sit at the kitchen table, waiting for Cas to join him. Cas finished brewing the coffee and set one of the mugs down in front of Dean. They sat in comfortable silence, checking their phones, and slowly sipping their drinks. Dean felt jittery, though, and not from the caffeine. “Cas, I gotta say something – “
. I knew you two were looking into the disappearances the moment you stepped foot in the hotel. That’s why I took little Iris here for a ride. I came with you to the library to make sure that girl told you exactly what I needed you to hear, gave you little hints as a teaser for the main event without giving away the whole story,” Marisa explained, apparently bored.
Cas merely hummed in response, choosing to stare out the window instead of entertain Dean’s sputtering about how pop music could never compare to Led Zeppelin. The rest of the car ride passed with Dean pretending he didn’t enjoy Cas’ playlist, and Cas pretending he didn’t notice Dean tapping his fingers on the steering wheel to the beat of each song.
“Thank you
“Dean, don’t. You don’t have to say anything. I’ll just leave. I shouldn’t have come in the first place.”
Cas debated his answer in his mind. If he told Sam, Sam might tell Dean, which would be humiliating. If he didn’t tell Sam, Sam would become suspicious of him. Before Cas could respond though, Sam took his silence as all the answer he needed. His face lit up with understanding. “You didn’t.”
Dean parked his car and picked his phone up, only to realize Castiel had sent him five new messages while he was driving. He tapped Cas’ name to open them. “I will show you my favorite emojis, Dean.”
Cas pulled back to smirk at Dean, shaking his head slightly. “There was never a case, was there?”
“Of course, Dean.”
mean what he wanted it to mean? Dean gathered all his courage and opened the car door to head inside. Walking into the kitchen, Dean called out, “Cas? You in here?”
Cas shook his head, but Dean could tell he was trying not to laugh. “No, Dean.”
Thirty minutes later and five drinks in, Dean’s head was pleasantly fuzzy. The alcohol seemed to unwind Cas a little bit too, even though it took a lot more to get the angel drunk. The two sat in their corner, giggling to each other about nothing and everything, the argument from earlier quickly forgotten. It took Dean back to the night when he tried to get Cas laid all those years ago. He remembered telling him that it was the hardest he’d laughed in a long time. Cas was still the only person who could make him feel that way.
Dean knew he loved Cas. And he knew Cas loved him, too. So… why was this so difficult? Dean was aware he had a lot of shit to work through, but this really takes the cake. His best friend had confessed his love for him and then
Dean snorted. “Since when do you listen to music?”
“Dean!”
Dean didn’t answer. Sam’s voice continued to come through the phone speaker, but he wasn’t listening.
Cas, still very obviously nervous, leaned back against the headboard and stretched his legs out in front of him. Dean watched him silently, finding the display completely endearing. He smiled to himself, hiding his face beneath the plush white comforter. He was slowly lulled to sleep by the sound of Cas’ breathing next to him, comforted in a way he hadn’t been in a long time.
Immediately looking up from his book and giving him a soft smile, Cas scrunched his eyebrows together and tilted his head to the side. “Is something wrong, Dean?”
The corner of Cas’ mouth tipped up, giving Dean that small smile he loved so dearly. Instead of answering, Cas interlocked his fingers with Dean’s and pressed his face into Dean’s chest. Suddenly feeling very tired and warm, Dean’s eyes slowly closed.
“We know. It’s okay. You’re okay now,” Dean said.
The bartender looked up at Dean, and the now visible nametag on his shirt read ‘
Cas looked away, avoiding Dean’s tear-filled gaze. “You should take your shift now. I’m going to lay down for a few hours.”
,” Dean sent back with a grin. Two could play at this game.
What am I even supposed to write in here? My feelings? I ain’t got any of those. That’s Sam stuff. Fuck this. Fuck everything. Cas is gone, Jack is gone, and Sam thinks it’ll get better if I jot down some notes? Whatever.
Dean looked away and rubbed his neck nervously. “Uh, yeah, no… he’s busy with research today, but I could still use some help on this one.” Dean knew he was bad at lying, but he hoped Cas wouldn’t pick up on it now that he was human. He had a plan, and a majority of that plan revolved around trapping Cas in the Impala with him so he couldn’t escape when Dean tried to bring up the nature of their relationship.
“You coulda had me fooled,” Benny mumbled under his breath. Dean heard it and chose not to respond.
Dean gaped at him and immediately pointed his knife at the man’s neck. “You’re a vampire.”
“Sam? When did you get back?” Dean said.
“Cas, it’s not what it sounds like.” Okay, it was a little bit what it sounded like. “Benny and I… we might have hooked up. A little bit. A few nights before we found you.” This was the most excruciating experience of Dean’s life, forty years in Hell included.
“Well? Spit it out!” Sam was becoming increasingly frustrated.
Sam located Dean a few days ago after discovering that Crowley turned him into a demon. Dean was less than happy to leave Crowley behind for the bunker, so Sam ended up knocking him out and carrying Dean’s limp body to the Impala. Once he’d collected his brother, he called Cas for help. Cas was
Once Sam closed the door, Cas smiled at Dean. “I’m your boyfriend?”
Iris took a deep breath. “I just miss her, you know? She wasn’t herself before she disappeared. I feel like I should have known something was wrong. We’ve been together for so long, I just…” Iris looked away again, tears welling up in her eyes.
“Hey! I’m three and a half,” Jack said, indignant.
“Is that so? What about Benny?”
“What’s this?”
“What do you think?” Cas asked.
“No. That’s all the information I was able to find about her. None of the other articles from the box have anything to do with the case.”
Sam moved to sit next to Cas on the bed, waving away Cas’ apology. “Whatever, dude. How’d you do it? Was it a spell?”
“She is very talented, Dean.”
Sam bristled, but continued on with the case description as though Dean never said anything. “Three people have disappeared in the past two weeks after staying at a place called the Magnolia Hotel. All of the missing people were reported to have gotten aggressive and angry with their significant other very shortly after checking into the hotel. I think–”
Castiel’s eyes are the size of dinner plates as he looks between the two brothers. Dean wonders what he could be thinking about. “…Yes. I do not mind.”
relationship. A relationship typically involves… kissing. And intimacy. Being in love. We don’t do that.”
Dean looked down, hiding the tears pricking at the corner of his eyes at the mention of Cas’ name. Benny reached out, pulling Dean into a hug. Dean understood what Benny was trying to tell him. Maybe in another life, it could have been himself and the vampire against the world. But for now… they had to go their separate ways.
They cleaned up the remnants of Dean’s breakfast and made their way to the parking lot. The front desk clerk watched them leave, and Dean gave him a polite smile. The clerk glared back at him. Once they were out of the man’s line of vision, Dean frowned. “That guy seem off to you?” He asked.
“Dean, Sam told me that you should not sleep with someone you are interested in until at least the third date. Maybe we should take this slowly,” Cas stated very seriously.
This one was a little too on the nose, Dean thought to himself. Again, he allowed his mind to wander, questioning the reason behind Cas’ decision to put this song on a playlist for Dean. It took quite a bit of effort to make a mixtape, especially nowadays. Dean would know. Cas would have had to painstakingly record the songs that he chose for some particular reason that Dean couldn’t determine so far. He allowed himself to fantasize for a moment that it was Dean that Cas so desperately wanted before shaking himself from his thoughts.
Jack looked up, considering his options carefully. He didn’t want to further upset Dean. “Dean, I want to remain hands-off in this new position. Chuck interfered too much with humanity. I want to change things and do this right. I’m sorry.”
They would have to go home eventually. Dean would have to face his issues with vulnerability over, and over, and over again. He would continue to fuck up, but that’s okay. He had Cas by his side to navigate it. For now, he would just do his best to give a little more of himself to Castiel any chance he could get. That would be enough.
“Cas,” Dean gasped out.
It took them much longer than anticipated to reach California, but Dean didn’t mind. It just meant he had more time to hold Cas’ hand across the front bench of the Impala. Soon enough, they finally reached the ocean. Dean drove onto the beach, the tires leaving indentations in the sand behind them. The sun was setting quickly, so they needed to move quickly to set up camp. Having realized this, Dean moved quickly to remove their items from the back of the car. Before he could, though, Cas grabbed his hand and pulled Dean toward him, their chests resting together. “Come with me.”
about since leaving the bunker was Dean coming back for him like he did today. Except Dream Dean would ask Cas to come home with him. Dream Dean would ask Cas to stay.
“Maybe people should mind their business,” Dean mumbled to himself.
me.” Dean said suddenly. His eyes went wide, apparently shocked at his own voice saying those words.
“Hey, Cas. Why do I feel like I just got the shit kicked out of me? How did we get here? Why are you on the floor?” Dean reached out to help Cas to his feet.
They sat there for so long, in silence, just enjoying one another’s presence. Dean couldn’t be sure what time it was anymore. It didn’t matter. They had all the time in the world, now.
. “Why were you flirting with that man, Dean?”
And with that, they had a plan.
“My name isn’t Iris. It’s Marisa.”
love you, Cas. I just wish I hadn’t been too late.
“Dean?”
Dean wasn’t convinced, but left it alone. “Alright. Let’s head back and regroup. We can see about getting access to those missing records.”
“Cas, I need to tell you something.” Cas opened his mouth to interrupt, but Dean stopped him. “No, let me finish. You had your turn and I never got to respond because you went and
Cas was stunned into silence. There’s no way it could be him. At the very least, Cas knew Dean wasn’t attracted to men. “Sam…”
Dean pulled out his knife, slicing a thin line down his arm. He looked up at Cas and noticed a flash of anger cross the angel’s face. Dean rolled his eyes before reciting the incantation that would allow Benny to travel through the portal with him, treating Dean’s body as a sort of vessel. Benny claimed that this would work, and Dean had no choice but to trust him. Dean watched as Benny’s body broke down, molecule by molecule, and a vapor-like substance entered the wound in his arm. A shiver traveled up his spine. “See you on the other side, pal.”
Dean noticed Sam’s soft smile as he mentioned Eileen. “Yeah, I’m sure you don’t want to
Dean rolled his eyes. “No.”
Cas gave her a tiny nod as she got up and walked toward the elevator.
, Dean thought to himself vaguely, pride overwhelming him.
“Yes, Dean. Almost done.” Even though Dean couldn’t see his face from the hallway, he knew Cas was rolling his eyes. He couldn’t bring himself to care, focusing instead on his own luggage.
“Why did you make me this mixtape, Cas?”
Iris’ jaw dropped open. “You’re lying. You’re fucking with me. That’s not very nice.”
“Cas, whaddya think? Are you cool with…” –Dean gestures between the two of them— “…this?”
“Are you sure, man? We don’t have to take this case if you aren’t comfortable with it.”
“You think I don’t miss him? He was my friend, too.”
“He told me to tell you that he was almost ready and would be out in a minute!” Jack was already in the backseat, very proud of himself for passing along Sam’s message.
He had two options here. He could be a coward, like usual, and let this mixtape thing be forgotten over time as they continue to dance around one another. Or he could confront his friend and potentially destroy their relationship. Eventually, Dean gathered his things and moved back toward the bunker.
“Cas,” Dean breathed out against Cas’ lips, “I never wanted you to leave. I had to… I had to…”
Dean pressed his palms into his face before throwing his arms out to the side to express his exasperation with the situation.  “What, you got a problem with me having a boyfriend, Cas?” He was shouting now. Benny wasn’t Dean’s boyfriend, but it wasn’t Cas’ business either way. Dean smirked and added, “Are you jealous?”
Dean pressed his hand over his eyes and started laughing. Cas frowned. “What’s so funny?”
Cas huffed in response. “Since Sam let me borrow his iPod.”
“You love me?” Cas was looking at Dean like he hung the damn moon. Dean opened and shut his jaw a few times, trying and failing to make words come out of his mouth
I’m so
Dean’s brain immediately shut down. They’d have to get a room with one bed, right? They were pretending to be a couple. Nobody would buy it if they got a room with two beds.
“Why did you help us then? What was the point, if you only wanted to lead us here in the end?”
am with you.
He turned to Cas, flinching at the pain in his shoulder. “Cas, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean any of the things I said. She- She made me say them.”
I told Sam. About your sacrifice, about what you said, about my feelings. He seemed sad and happy at the same time. I told him I like you the same way I like women. Sam said that means I’m bisexual. He was really cool about it. I’m not sure I’m ready to put a label on it, though. I just want to be myself. And I know that I’m the best version of myself when I
Dean was surprised. “That’s weird that you were able to find a death certificate. Cas and I searched for hours and came up with nothing. Do you think the hotel is trying to cover this up?”
It seemed too good to be true. Cas may have confessed his love for Dean, but Dean still didn’t believe it. He couldn’t believe that he could have these little moments with Castiel. An angel of the Lord.
They had never hugged before. He didn’t want it to end. After months of searching for him, all he wanted to do was sink into his best friend’s warm embrace for as long as Cas would let him. Dean pressed his face into Cas’ shoulder, breathing him in. He felt Cas relax against him, and they stood there for what felt like an eternity, as though each of them was making sure the other person was real. As he pulled away slightly, his eyes roamed over Cas’ face with abandon. His bright blue eyes, his cheeks smeared with dirt, and his plush lips parted in a way that made Dean feel insane. Cas was looking at him, head tilted, a small smile growing on his face. Dean’s heart was going to beat out of his chest. He couldn’t remember a time when he felt more relieved, more peaceful, more… full of love.
“So, after I came back to my room, I decided to look into it a little more. I found a death certificate for a woman named Marisa Russo. She died a few years back in one of the rooms at this hotel,” Iris said.
Sam groaned from the backseat. “You guys are
And then all Hell broke loose.
Dean had been trapped in Purgatory for at least a month now. He could barely keep track of time at this point. It’s not like it mattered. The world felt muted here, the sky grey and lackluster. Dean subsisted on whatever food he could find, whether that be a fish he miraculously found in a nearby water source or the flesh of a large beetle (that had been a terrible day, one he wishes he could forget). He was miserable. He wanted to get back to his brother and start hunting again. Every day was the same here. Every action he took was only what was necessary to stay alive. Kill monsters, look for Cas, sleep, repeat.
to save his life, and Dean couldn’t even return the favor. He felt like such a coward. Lost in thought, Dean turned into the bunker kitchen, only to find Cas moving around to make a pot of coffee. Dean paused, enamored with the domesticity of the scene in front of him. For a second, he allowed himself to hope that this could be their life every day. Waking up together, making breakfast together, living their lives
The next morning, Dean woke to an empty room. He couldn’t remember falling asleep, but apparently Cas placed the comforter on Dean at some point. Dean rolled over to grab his phone from the nightstand, where he could see that the alarm clock read
Dean froze, his face heating up. “Um.”
Iris’ face went through a journey of emotions, before settling on what could be described as hopeful. “So you’re saying there’s a chance that she’s still alive? And she isn’t actually mad at me?”
“Cas... Cas!” Dean yelled over the music that was far too loud for his forty-year-old ears, “Let’s dance.”
Cas tapped Dean’s hand, which Dean understood to mean that Cas would be taking over the conversation. “I’m so sorry for your loss. If you don’t mind me asking, what happened to her?”
“Let me tell you somethin’. I’ve lost someone I care about before and I would give anything to get her back, but I can’t now. You’ve been lookin’ for that guy for about a year now and now you’ve found him. Don’t waste the time you’ve been given like I did.”
The drive there was silent. Dean didn’t know how to act in this kind of situation. He was taking his best friend, his angel, on a
Cas, though, had already moved from the table to put his mug in the dishwasher before Dean could form a coherent thought. As Cas turned to walk toward his bedroom, Dean stared after him, wondering where he had gone wrong. Sighing, Dean spoke aloud to himself. “That went well.”
“This is my.. ah, my husband,” Dean choked out. The more often he said it, the more difficult it became. Cas seemed to notice the hesitation and gave him a strange look. “This is Cas,” Dean finished lamely.
Dean stepped forward, crowding into Castiel’s space. He opened his mouth, and nothing came out. Dean closed his eyes to steel himself, before opening them again and confidently saying, “I’m not in love with someone else, Cas. It’s you. It’s always been you. And I’m sorry if I’m reading the wrong thing into this situation but I – “
Dean slammed his palm into the steering wheel before shouting out, “
“As I was saying, Iris… Dean and I want to help you. The faster we can figure out what’s going on, the more likely it will be that we find Laurel,” Cas said, looking to Dean for support.
Cas pulled Dean into him, crashing their lips together brutally, as though it was the last thing he’d ever do. Dean froze for a moment before realizing that was exactly Cas’ intention. He quickly moved to respond, pressing back with as much force as he could muster. Cas’ tongue slid over Dean’s bottom lip, and Dean opened up to allow him in. He reached out to grab Cas by the coat, to anchor them together somehow, but Cas broke the kiss, pushing Dean through the portal. The last thing Dean saw was Cas’ face, apologetic but firm.
Dean stifled a laugh. This was the Cas he knew and loved so dearly. “No, Cas. Definitely not as a brother.”
“Morning, Cas,” Sam said, with the air of a man who was trying to be as normal as possible about his brother and his best friend sleeping together. “Well. I’ll leave you to it.”
So Dean and Benny continued forward into the endless cycle of fighting monsters and waiting for something dangerous to find them. Dean could feel himself warming up to the vampire, against every fiber of his being that warned him against it. Dean told Benny the story of how he and Cas were sent to Purgatory, and Benny told Dean the story of his death. Benny tried to convince Dean to move on without Cas, but Dean refused each time he tried. Dean wasn’t leaving this terrible place without Cas, even if it meant he had to stay forever.
“Dean?”
“I think it would have taken you much longer to come to terms with it, what with the opinions of your father weighing on you still. However, if I had to pinpoint a specific instance, it would be around the time we were trapped in Purgatory. I do feel as though our relationship deepened after that experience.”
“Yes. This situation is, as you might say, ‘fucked up’.” Cas said, placing air quotes around the phrase.
Cas merely stood up and looked at Dean sadly before making his way back toward the remnants of smoldering fire.
Cas’ brows knit together. “I haven’t noticed anything. Why do you ask?”
Cas pressed a finger to Dean’s lips. “Dean, I would be honored to be your boyfriend.”
“Dean,” Cas cut him off, “We can’t.”
Love, Dean
“Yeah? Well, what am I supposed to do? Cas is gone, Sam. I’m not going to pretend things are all hunky-dory.”
Cas shook his head, flicking his eyes down to Dean’s mouth before looking back into his eyes. “I don’t want to talk anymore.”
Cas let Dean know when and where to pick him up in a few short hours, and then he walked out the front door, already having eaten three-quarters of the chocolate bar he purchased moments ago. Cas watched him pull out of the parking lot through the window. He missed Dean desperately. All Cas wanted… All Cas
me, you stupid angel,” Marisa grunted, fighting against Cas and failing miserably.
They opened each door, looking for a file cabinet or desk that might contain anything they needed. Dean was starting to think this mission was hopeless, when he heard Cas call after him from the end of the hall. Dean ran toward Cas’ voice, and found him elbow deep in a messy box of papers.
Dean and Cas had a complicated relationship. It didn’t help that one of them was always dying. Dean wasn’t in love with him, though. Benny was just being antagonistic as usual. Cas was his brother. His family. That’s why he was so desperate to find him. You don’t leave family behind.
Cas was confused. “Dean, this does not look like the correct location.”
“You too, Winchester.”
It was already nearing midnight by the time Dean and Cas made their way downstairs to the hotel bar. While Cas looked for a table, Dean made his way to the bartender, requesting a whiskey neat for himself and a cider for Cas. As the bartender made his drink, Dean decided to take the opportunity to probe for information.
“I wish I was. There’s a pattern between each of the disappearances that matches up with Laurel’s. Each person became aggressive with their significant other shortly after checking into the hotel, just like Laurel was with you.”
Dean pulled him in for a hug, wrapping his arms around Cas’ shoulders. Cas stood there for a moment, unsure where they stood after everything that had happened, before slowly placing his hands on Dean’s hips. Dean pressed his nose into Castiel’s neck, breathing him in. He pulled back to look into Cas’ eyes. “We didn’t think it worked.”
As he scrolled through his notifications, he realized that he had a message from Cas.
Eventually, Sam finally appeared, ignoring the mumbles from Dean about his tardiness. Dean started driving.
we raised him so well. I can tell he misses you. Sam brought up the time we all watched a few episodes of Riverdale with Jack and you couldn’t understand why high schoolers had gotten involved with an organ harvesting cult. To be fair, I don’t get it either. Should we even be letting a 3-year-old watch that show? I wish you were here to answer that question. I don’t know to be a good parent. It always came to you so naturally. We all miss you.
Cas was the one to pull back to breathe first. Dean followed his lips, wanting more. He would have gladly drowned in Cas. Cas noticed Dean’s eagerness and laughed softly. “I love you too, Dean. I made the mixtape hoping that you would understand what I was trying to tell you. Evidently, it worked.”
The three of them sat in silence after Iris’ confession for a few minutes. Dean remembered what it was like to lose Cas like that, into the river with nothing but a trenchcoat to prove that he had ever been there at all.
Smirking, Cas turned toward Dean and grabbed both of his hands. “Or… we do still have our hotel room for one more night.”
“I missed you too, Dean.” Cas said, releasing Dean to look him up and down. “Did you receive my messages?”
Dean’s eyebrows knit together in confusion. “Why did you help me? So you can drink me dry?”
They eventually broke apart, Dean leaning his forehead against his boyfriend’s.
Cas’ eyes were sparkling as he listened to Dean speak. “Thank you, Dean. That means a lot to me, especially coming from you.”
“Yeah, but why not? Why don’t we try to get him out?” Sam asked.
Dean closed his eyes, pressed two fingers to the bridge of his nose, and took a deep breath. This wasn’t how he wanted Cas to find out about the two of them. He didn’t really want Cas to know about it at all, if he was being completely honest.
A few days, Cas was sitting in the kitchen with Sam when Dean rambled in, hair mussed and eyes bloodshot. Cas gave Dean a small smile, which Dean noticed and returned immediately. Cas had been avoiding Dean for the past few days, but luckily Dean didn’t seem to notice.
“Thank you,” Iris said, “I really appreciate it. I should get back to my room and call it a night, though. Hopefully, I’ll see you both around.”
I made myself sad writing this so sorry
By the end of the tour, Cas was waxing poetic to Sam about the efficiency of hexagonal honeycombs and Sam was attempting to keep up with the conversation. With Cas distracted, Dean snuck off to the gift shop to make a purchase. He came back with a pair of socks with cartoon bumblebees on them, which Castiel was so delighted to receive that he kissed Dean in front of Sam, Jack, and their tour guide. Dean didn’t mind.
Benny looked up at him and then reached out to pat the ground. Dean sat down.
Dean had to admit, these songs weren’t half bad. There was even one about cowboys that was probably his favorite so far. Not that Dean’s biased or anything. The next song faded in softer than the others, which caught Dean’s attention immediately. He focused on the words, leaning forward slightly with his hands folded in his lap.
“What happened to Cas, Dean?”
Castiel gasped for breath, looking around him for anything remotely familiar. His gaze moved down. He could tell that he had been injured, a throbbing pain shooting up his leg. Disoriented by the bright light, Cas tried to stand up. The last thing he remembered was impossible blackness, with nothing but his own thoughts to keep him company. Everything was too loud now. Shielding his eyes from the sun, he limped toward the nearby road. As Cas emerged from the trees, he saw it. A sign that read LEBANON, KANSAS in block letters. He was going home.
. Dean smiled to himself at that, reminded of the night he and Cas had met in that barn covered with sigils. Sparks had flown, but not for romantic reasons, like Taylor suggested in the song. He guessed Cas probably took the lyrics a little too literally, as he did with most things. This theory of Dean’s was proven to be true, as a song that was apparently called
Jody and the girls stopped by for my birthday. Claire and Kaia are doing really well. Jack was so excited to see them. It was nice to see him act like a kid for once. He’s got so much pressure on him right now. Claire called me an old man, which I guess is true now, huh. 42 years old. I never thought I’d make it this far. It seems unfair that life keeps moving on without you. We should’ve had the chance to grow old together, Cas.
Cas answered by slipping his tongue into Dean’s mouth, thankfully muffling any other embarrassing noises he was making.
While he simultaneously brushed his teeth and stared at his phone, a message from Sam suddenly came through, causing Dean to drop his phone on the white bathroom tile. “Fuck,” he swore quietly, quickly picking it back up.
Cas mouth fell open slightly, looking at Dean with something he could only describe as pure wonder. “You have feelings for me,” Cas said, a statement rather than a question.
“That’s okay, Dean. I was already awake. I couldn’t sleep. It’s too cold.” Cas sat up and scooted closer to where Dean was spread out. “Do you want to talk about your dream?”
“Did you pack the whole bunker?” Dean asked with a chuckle.
Sam looked between the two of them from his chair, recognizing that this was something he didn’t want to be around for. “I’m… gonna go get some dinner,” he said quickly, before letting himself out of the room.
“I love you too, Dean. More than you know.”
“Wanna talk about it?,” Benny said.
Dean knit his eyebrows together in sympathy. “I know, man. But we really don’t have much to go on at this point, especially since the other two women went home last week.”
“That’s right, you guys aren’t from around here,” Iris seemed surprised that they didn’t know anything, “Laurel went missing a few weeks ago. From this hotel, actually. No one’s heard from her since.”
He steeled himself, shook out his shoulders, and gave himself one last look in the mirror before marching out to the kitchen with a look of determination on his face. Cas was reading a book at the kitchen table and didn’t notice Dean’s entrance. Dean took a deep breath and said, “Cas?”
The side of Dean’s mouth quirked up into a smile as he read the message from Castiel on his phone. Cas had used a cell phone for years now, but he recently became more interested in texting. He took a special interest in texting Dean, even if they were in the same room together. Dean typed a message back to Cas. “That’s great, buddy.”
Sam was fully cackling at this point. “Dean. Does Cas make you happy? Do you think you can make Cas happy? Yes? Then go for it. Fuck anyone who gives you shit for it.”
Sighing, Cas looked up at Dean. “I’m sorry if what I said earlier upset you, Dean. I wanted to be honest with you.”
It had been a couple of days since they lost Cas. Dean turned to alcohol to cope, which distressed both Jack and Sam even more.
Cas’ eyes widened. “Dean?”
Dean moved his hand to gently cup Cas’ chin, and Cas leaned into it. Dean kissed Cas again, slowly this time, as though he wanted to savor the moment. Cas felt like he might cry, for an entirely different reason than when he was sleeping on a gas station floor. Cas felt…
“She said… she said she never loved me. She said she didn’t know why we even took this trip since she was planning on breaking up with me anyway. And she just kept yelling at me, so I left the room. The last thing we ever did was fight.” Iris was crying now. “By the time I got back, she was gone. I asked the man at the front desk if he saw her, and he said no one had come through in the past few hours.”
I am a bisexual man. And I’m in love with my dead best friend. There, I said it. Ya happy? I’m talking to a piece of paper. I’m going crazy.
Dean felt himself move toward Cas and wrap him in a hug. A grin stretched across his face, threatening to break him apart by the seams. They found each other. His thoughts became a repetitive cycle of telling himself that Cas is alive, Cas is safe, Cas is okay.
Cas pursed his lips, as though he was very seriously considering what Dean had said. “But I do love you. And I would be amenable to… changing the physical aspect of our relationship. If you feel comfortable with that.”
“Can I help you?” Dean asked.
each other. Cas pulled back an inch, his lips still ghosting on Dean’s. “I love you, too.”
Hey Cas,
Dean’s face became warm again. “I- Um. Yeah.”
Dean snorted. “As I’ll ever be.”
Dean rolled the compliment over and over in his brain, waiting for it to latch on so he could process anything Castiel had just said. Cas thought he was charismatic. Cas fell in love with him in Hell. No, that part is fake. This is too much. It’s not enough. He wanted to hear more.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean spluttered.
Dean had spent so much of his life wondering if he could ever find peace. He recalls questioning what he did to deserve all of the pain, the losses he’d endured. Dean always believed that if God was real, he was a real shitty God. Why should he pray to a God that didn’t care about him? (He ended up being wrong about that, now that he thought about it. Chuck cared a little too much about him and his brother.) Cas showed him that you can fight against fate to have what you want. Loving Cas brought him freedom. Freedom to love who he wants to, freedom to be the person he’s meant to be. They might not ever truly find peace in their line of work, but Dean was okay with that. They chose each other, against God himself and all of Heaven’s plans. Dean was going to continue to choose Castiel as long as he’d let him.
left. I don’t know how to be the man you thought I was. It’s gonna be a new year though. New year, new me, right? If you were here you’d probably say something about how time doesn’t change anything or whatever.
Dean snorted. “Screw slowly, dude. We’ve known each other how many years now? We’re far past slowly at this point.”
He heard a cough come from somewhere nearby and jerked his head in that direction. A gurney carrying a small body was making its way toward them.
Cas walked around Dean, ending the conversation. Dean turned to stare at him, wondering if he had done something wrong. He didn’t have long to wallow in self-hatred, though, because Benny was waking up. It was time to move again.
Dean,
Cas was speechless. He floundered for a moment, looking for the right words, before deciding to turn away and walk down the hallway, leaving a confused Dean behind him.
“Jealous? You?”
?” He sputtered.
“We should get back and help,” Cas said, hiding a smile. Dean rolled his eyes but pulled Cas by his hands toward Sam and Jack’s makeshift campsite.
The first couple weeks after Cas returned home to the bunker were awkward. Dean didn’t know how to act around Cas now that they had both finally figured things out. He tried to avoid Cas as much as possible, but with them being the only two left living in the bunker, this plan was proving to be difficult. Especially since Cas has never understood personal space, at least when it came to Dean. Dean noticed that Cas liked to touch him soon after.
Cas pecked at the bolt of Dean’s jaw one more time before quirking an eyebrow at him. “Okay. What did you want to ask me?”
a little bit. Who do you think hid all of those records in the first place? It wasn’t the stupid hotel owner. It was
Cas turned Dean around, mouth attaching to his neck and sucking bruises anywhere he could access. Dean felt the back of his knees hit the bed, and Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist to gently lay him down on the comforter. It hit Dean then – this was love. Cas loved him.
Dean lead Cas over to where the woman named Iris sat, face now pressed into her elbow on the table. Dean knocked on the table twice to get her attention.
Cas nodded, still not letting Marisa move but letting up slightly. He looked away from Dean and down at the woman on the floor. “You were not the problem in your relationship. You had something terrible happen to you, and you reacted negatively because of it. He told you that you were the monster so you did the only thing you could: you took that façade on. You turned other people into monsters so you could feel validated in your destruction. I understand the pain you’ve gone through. However, you have to let go and move on,” Cas said, with a sad smile on his face. “Marisa, you have to move on.”
Cas and Sam sat together in the War Room, attempting to drown out Dean’s screams with tense bursts of conversation.
Cas shushed him. “
Dean ran his hand through his hair. “I- What- I mean… how?”
“We’ll take the case.”
Cas grimaced uncomfortably as he shifted his weight between his legs. “I understand now. When I was pulled from The Empty, my grace did not follow. I am human now.”
Cas’ head tipped to the side as he unzipped his jacket to remove the stack of newspapers. “Dean, I—”
With a shaky breath, Dean said, “Yeah. I really do.”
They continued forward, Cas with the biggest smile on his face Dean had ever seen. If this is what it took to make Cas look like that, he’d drive them to Utah every weekend. Dean had to admit, honeybees were pretty cool. He could appreciate their loyalty to the hive, always working to support one another unconditionally.
Cas sat up for a second, leaning back on his elbows. “Dean, this does not have to change our relationship if you do not want it to,” he said very seriously.
Mind racing, Dean looked for a reason why they shouldn’t do this. He couldn’t think of one. “Okay, fine. What’s our story?”
Cas sighed. “No, Dean,” He scrubbed his hand down his face. “Sam and I were running out of ideas. We had to save you. I knew of only one way to do so. It is known as ‘True Love’s Kiss’. We were going to have Sam try it out by kissing your cheek, but you escaped. You located me first. I thought you might kill me, so… I had to try, Dean. I hope you can forgive me.”
Sam and Dean spent the better half of the last two weeks poring over anything they thought might help them reach The Empty. Sam could tell that Dean was starting to get frustrated. He’d shove books to the floor, pace frantically around the bunker, and then collapse back in his seat, fingers pressed to the bridge of his nose. It didn’t help that Dean had gotten maybe four total hours of sleep since Cas left. Sam had thrown the rest of the whiskey out just to prevent an inevitable trip to the emergency room. Sam was determined to figure something out, before Dean’s self-destructive tendences got the better of him. Cas has come back from the dead before. They just needed one more win. “Wait… Dean. You told me Cas left some blood on your jacket, right? You didn’t clean it yet, did you?”
,” he teased.
Cas liked to touch him a lot. A hand on his shoulder as he walked to the kitchen to make coffee. Resting his palm on Dean’s back for a brief second to move past him. Nudging their knees together as they sat on the couch together during a movie night. It felt normal, though. This is how they always were with one another.
Dean felt as though time had stopped. This was too much. This was his best friend. What if this ruined their friendship? What if he lost Cas for good? But then again… this was his best friend. What if it was everything he’s ever wanted? Dean felt his jaw hanging open, so he attempted to close it and form a coherent sentence. “I- I don’t- “
“We’ll get him back, Dean,” Sam attempted to reassure his brother. He felt he was trying to convince himself a little bit, too.
Cas pulled back at that, obviously shocked by Dean’s emotional reaction. Dean looked Cas up and down, his gaze falling to the angel’s full, chapped lips. Dean wanted to kiss him. He imagined, for a brief moment, what it would be like to kiss Cas whenever he wanted. To have him. He wanted to wake up next to Cas in the morning, arms wrapped around one another, Cas’ bedhead sticking up every which way. God, he was so fucking screwed. Cas noticed where Dean’s gaze had fallen and was nervously looking up and down between Dean’s eyes and lips. Dean leaned in slightly, testing how far he could push this. Cas gave a small nod, and –
date.  What do you talk about when you’ve waited twelve years just to have this moment? The weather? Cas was staring out the window. It was making Dean nervous. Maybe Cas was rethinking going out with Dean. Dean took a deep breath and tried to center himself. Cas, as though he could hear Dean’s anxieties, looked over at Dean with a content look on his face. “I’m looking forward to our date, Dean”.
Cas arched an eyebrow. “Whatever you want us to be, Dean.”
Cas was fucking with him. Bastard. “You can’t blame me, dude. That’s the most human contact I’ve had in months.”
I’ve been thinking a lot about what you said before you
Dean scrunched his eyebrows together like he was doing mental math that didn’t quite add up. Cas could only imagine it: ‘If 1 + 1 =3, then Sam must be talking about Dean.’ This was the worst day of his very long life. Finally, after many excruciating moments, Dean spoke up again. “Was Sam talking about me?”
The parking lot was a mess of emergency vehicles, bright sirens shining through the dark Nebraska sky. Dean and Castiel had been escorted out of the building and wrapped in scratchy gray shock blankets as soon as the police arrived. Dean frantically scanned the area for anything suggesting that Iris might still be alive. Cas, sat beside him on the back of an ambulance, reached out to press a comforting hand into Dean’s upper thigh. Dean felt himself heat up, but this time he didn’t try to hide it.
Benny chuckled at Dean’s reaction. “You’re a special guy, Dean Winchester. Castiel is lucky to have you.”
every few days, but that obviously wasn’t possible here.
Cas remained silent.
Dean grimaced. Benny held up a finger to him, indicating that he should stop whining for a moment. He searched through his pockets and eventually presented Dean with a pocketknife. “I can use this to shave you. If you’d like.”
blared loudly, causing Dean to rush to turn the volume down.
.” And with that, Dean slipped his phone into his jacket pocket and made his way downstairs.
Dean took a deep breath and closed his eyes. “I’m in love with Cas.”
“What are you doing here, Dean?”
“What?” Cas asked, before he was suddenly knocked to the floor. Iris stood behind him, swinging a baseball bat between her hands.
Cas had an unreadable expression on his face as he walked back to his own bedroom. Dean watched him leave, an uncomfortable feeling settling over him for reasons he couldn’t figure out.
While Iris continued to wander around the room, Dean noticed that Cas was waking up. Wanting to make sure Marisa didn’t notice, he turned to her again. “No wonder your husband didn’t like you. You kinda suck,” he said with a smirk.
Cas’ mouth fell open as though he wasn’t the one to bring it up in the first place. “If you are not okay with it, we do not have to. I do think it would be helpful for us to be comfortable enough to touch each other without surprise, though.”
“True love’s kiss,” Cas said tentatively.
Sam replied with a laughing emoji, before asking “
Dean sighed in frustration. This was only going to get worse as long as they were all stuck here together. “Can you two stop arguing for
“We are in a relationship, Dean.”
Cas’ eyebrows scrunched together in confusion. “What do you mean?”
By the time Cas caught up with him, Dean had already thrown his bag in the backseat of the Impala and had the key in the ignition. Once Cas was comfortable into the passenger seat, Dean pulled out of the garage and onto the road, an unfamiliar feeling settling over him as he snuck a glance at Cas.
Hearing Dean move into the room, Cas looked up from his book to smile softly. Dean grinned back, leaning over their bed to ruffle his boyfriend’s hair. Cas gave Dean his best disgruntled face before softening again, holding his arms out for Dean to join him. Dean kicked off his shoes, immediately kicking his leg over to straddle Cas. Cas stretched up to meet Dean, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck and pressing their lips together. Even after all this time, Dean felt his heart drop into his stomach every time Cas kissed him. They stayed there for a moment, wrapped up in one another, trading lazy kisses back and forth. Cas swiped his tongue across Dean’s bottom lip and his hands started wandering lower on Dean’s waist. Dean regretfully pulled back, placing his hands on either side of Cas’ face. “Before you completely distract me”, he kissed the tip of Cas’ nose quickly, “I came in here to ask you something.”
Dean choked.
, Dean.”
Dean packed up a small bag that afternoon, preparing to only be gone for a few days. As he finished placing the last pair of socks he needed in the duffle, Cas opened his bedroom door and unceremoniously began rifling through Dean’s t-shirt drawer.
“Date whoever you want, dude. If it just so happens that you want to date Cas, go for it.”
“I got another room for the night. Thought it might be best for everyone.”
It had been a few months since they defeated Chuck, hopefully for good this time. Sam and Eileen moved out of the bunker to start their lives together. They bought a cute little house, about twenty minutes from the bunker. Dean was happy for them. So happy it made him smile just to think about his little brother finally getting the life he deserved. Something was still missing, though.
“Maybe we could track them down and ask them some questions.”
Dean’s eyes widened with realization. “You made me say those things to Cas.”
“I didn’t.” Cas grinned, unlocking Dean’s handcuffs with a simple touch. Dean rubbed his wrists to rid himself of the ugly red marks.
Dean released Cas’ palms to press along his forearms, moving up until he reached the point where his shoulders met the muscle of his neck. Cas felt warm under Dean’s touch, warmer than he’d imagined. Not that he’s ever imagined it.
Dean, unsettled by Cas’ unusual behavior, turned back to Reid, and ordered food and drinks for the two of them. He leaned over so Cas could hear him and said, “Let’s go find a table in the back.”
“I noticed there was a door that led to a hallway behind the front desk of the hotel. I wonder if we might find any more helpful information stored there,” Iris said.
Cas looked away and didn’t answer. Dean groaned and rubbed his palms down his face, placing his elbows on the table to rest his head. “Alright. I’m sorry, dude. I didn’t mean to upset you. Can we just move past this and enjoy the rest of the night?” Dean begged, embarrassed by how needy he sounded.
“You haven’t been acting like yourself, lately. Jack and I are worried about you.”
Dean was hard. And he was pressing himself against Cas. He attempted to remove himself, but Cas wouldn’t let go. Cas started to move his head, eyes opening slightly. His gaze moved to meet Dean’s, smiling, before his facial expression abruptly changed. Cas’ mouth hung open slightly, his body frozen like he was scared to move. Fuck. Dean was screwed. Cas had obviously noticed his little problem.
They packed the Impala to the brim, including camping supplies for when they reached their destination. Dean hadn’t been this excited in… well. He had never been this excited before. He never had a chance to do the normal stuff, like a real family vacation. He and Sam had never really even had a
Cas closed his eyes, taking a moment before responding. “I love you too, Dean.” Cas said, with the biggest smile on his face. Dean thought it was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. “I’ve loved you since I pulled you out of Hell. You changed me for the better, that day and every day since then. I would be honored to wake up with you every day. I am grateful for every moment I get to spend with you.”
Dean leaned forward to rest his head in his hands, sobbing with abandon now. He never got to say it back.
Dean had to stop himself from laughing. She was good at this.
Cas looked down at Dean from where he knelt on the floor above him, eyes glassy with tears that threatened to fall at any moment. Cas reached up to cup Dean’s face in his hand, and Dean leaned into it, his eyes softly falling shut. He felt Cas’ breath whisper across his skin, and the angel’s lips slowly pressed into the corner of Dean’s mouth.
Dean felt like he was going to vomit. “I never really wanted you. I was just bored.”
“Dean, come on. You gotta come out of your room eventually.” Sam stood outside of Dean’s bedroom, his palm against the doorframe. He sighed in frustration when Dean’s lack of response became apparent.
“Sam used the blood you left on my jacket to open a portal to The Empty. To bring you back. Nothing happened afterward, so we assumed it was a bust. Apparently… we were wrong.” Dean smiled softly, before his face immediately fell when he saw that Cas was shaking. “You’re hurt. Why aren’t you healing?”
And with that, Jack was gone.
date. Not a happy hour after a long hunt or a motel breakfast as they rushed out the door. Cas deserved to be shown how loved he was, and Dean was going to be the one to give that to him.
Cas paused, eyebrows shooting up into his hairline, his sip of coffee still sitting in his mouth. He looked over to Dean slowly, who was frozen in his seat, staring in disbelief at his brother.
bedroom. Cas moved in only last week. Another new thing Dean wasn’t used to yet, but he loved it all the same. Cas didn’t have many belongings, so the transition ended up being easier than Dean anticipated. Dean purchased another nightstand for Cas, which Cas covered with a small lamp and some framed photos of his family. One of Cas and Dean, with Cas holding the camera and Dean pressing a kiss to his cheek. Another of the four of them, sitting around the table and eating pizza. The final one shows a smiling Jack, arms around both of his dads.
Dean felt like the wind had been knocked out of him.
” Dean could feel the smirk on Sam’s face even though he couldn’t see it. He rolled his eyes.
“Nah, I’m not that kind of vamp. Human blood doesn’t do it for me. Seemed like you were in a bit of a pickle there, so a ‘thank you’ would be nice,” he said, looking Dean up and down with a smirk and a look in his eyes that Dean couldn’t quite pinpoint. The vampire stretched out his hand to shake Dean’s. Dean looked at it for a brief moment, hesitating to align himself with someone he would have killed without a second thought as a hunter. Normally, Dean wouldn’t even consider trusting him, but what choice did he have? It was either work with a vampire or die at the hands of a different one. The vampire seemed to sense his hesitation but leaned his head forward and moved his arm even closer to Dean’s. Dean rolled his eyes, lowered his weapon, and clapped their hands together. “Nice to meet ya. I’m Benny. I can help you get out of here.”
“Goodnight, Dean."
“I don’t know why I am so willing to accept that everything happens for a reason, but I am not willing to recognize that I am also here for a reason. I think my reason is you, Dean.”
Cas stopped in his tracks, gaping at Dean. Dean could feel himself panic as he waited for his friend’s answer. What if Cas didn’t want to? What if he didn’t feel the same way Dean did? Feeling his confidence wear off as more time went by without a response from Cas, Dean turned around to flee the room. Before he could move, though, he felt Cas wrap a warm hand around his arm to pull him back in. “I’d love to, Dean. But I know that dates are for people who are romantically involved. Are you asking me to go with you as your brother?”
Dean had mapped out their entire trip. As fate would have it, they happened to be passing by the twine ball Dean had mentioned on their way to the Grand Canyon, seeing as it was only thirty minutes from the bunker. Cas suggested a stop at a honeybee farm that gave tours in Utah, and Dean couldn’t say no to that. Once Jack became privy to the information that Dean was taking requests, he made an extensively researched list of the places he’d like to visit. When Dean saw it, he gave Cas a look, but Cas merely shrugged and smiled softly at Jack. In that moment, Dean knew he was absolutely
Dean dropped his head into his hands and let out a groan. “It can’t be a lovers’ spat if you aren’t lovers.”
Cas looked like he’d been slapped in the face, but Dean couldn’t stop the words from falling out of his mouth. “I could never love someone like you.”
“Obviously,” Dean interjected.
He hadn’t seen Cas since the day Dick exploded and sent their asses here in the first place. He just up and disappeared, leaving Dean to mutilate Leviathans and various other monsters on his own. Dean didn’t even know why he fought for so hard for so long. He didn’t know if Cas was alive. He didn’t know if they could escape, even if Cas did survive the last month alone against the unforgiving terrain that was Purgatory. All he knew was that he had to try to find Cas as soon as possible.
Dean couldn’t breathe. He was so used to Castiel’s giant trenchcoat covering him completely, but Dean had to admit… Cas wasn’t bad looking at all. The old band shirt he had given him earlier clung to the angel’s chest, and the jeans fit perfectly. He imagined, briefly, what it would be like if Cas always dressed like this, if they had a normal life where they went out to eat together at the local diners and didn’t have to look over their shoulders with paranoia at the possibility of a demon attack.
to go on a vacation with.
“I know you’re upset. Do you maybe want to… talk about it? What happened when Cas got taken?”
Taylor Swift? She was talented and all, but not Dean’s thing. The things he was willing to do for that angel. He closed his eyes and leaned back to rest his head against the bench, listening as a young girl’s soft voice began to sing.
Cas noticed Dean’s shoulders shaking, and he immediately realized that Dean was laughing. Cas was bewildered. “What’s so funny?”
Cas glared at Dean, but not in the usual lighthearted way he does when Dean teases him. Oh, Cas was
Dean’s brain stalled out. That wasn’t the answer he was expecting. “So… you don’t care that I’m into dudes.”
Cas sat up, pulling Dean with him, and looked into his eyes. “I understand, Dean. You did what you had to do for your brother. I would have done the same for either of you.”
“…Mmh… wha?” Iris mumbled. Dean must have woken her up. “I’m so sorry. It’s been a long couple of days, I didn’t mean to fall asleep. Did you boys need something? Is the bar closed? God, that’s so embarrassing.”
“So we’ll stay here tonight, and then I can drive you back to work in the morning on my way out of town.”
Sam could see Dean swallowing harshly before taking a deep breath. “Yeah, I think I do.” Dean’s face contorted into a grimace, obviously uncomfortable with the confession.
Marisa growled, pushing Dean back against the hard wood. “I could say the same to you, Dean Winchester. You and your little angel were convincing, but not convincing enough. However, once I figured out you both had real feelings for one another… I saw it as an opportunity.”
Dean looked to Cas for help. “How long has it been now? Five years?”
“While you two were having a moment, Jack and I finished getting the tents set up, so you both are responsible for cooking dinner.”
. We are not in a relationship, so we need to practice so that we can at least attempt to fool a supernatural entity. We need to figure this out quickly in order to prevent any more abductions.”
Dean felt a single tear slip out over his cheek as he held his head in his hands. As he sat, hunched over on his bed, he heard a fluttering noise from the corner of the room.
I have no idea how to start this new year without you. I want to stay in 2020 forever, because at least then I could say that I saw you this year. The more time goes by, the more I feel like I’m getting further away from you. It scares me. I don’t want to forget about you. You
Cas smiled. “I like it when you call me that.”
“No, but I’ll take credit for it anyway.”
Dean followed where Reid was pointing. Just like he said, a woman with deep brown hair and a short stature was slumped over a glass of wine. Her face was red and splotchy like she had just been crying.
To be honest, Dean probably missed Cas the most. Dean recently realized that he might have more-than-brotherly feelings for his best friend. He remembered the moment clearly – sitting with Cas at the kitchen table, drinking beer, and Dean felt more relaxed than he had in his entire life. Spending time with Cas, without any danger to worry about or something trying to kill them, meant the world to him. Dean knew he had fallen in love with Castiel. He just didn’t know what to do about it.
“That angel of yours needs to learn how to keep up if we’re gonna make it to the portal anytime soon,” Benny grumbled under his breath.
Benny clapped a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Then I think you know what you need to do.”
Cas was furious with Sam and let him know with a single look. Sam looked slightly admonished, which satisfied Cas. Dean, however, was ignoring all of this to ponder what Sam had said. “I think you should let your friend know, buddy. They’d probably appreciate it.”
As they pulled into the empty lot, Cas’ face scrunched up in confusion. “What are we doing here, Dean?”
Iris pursed her lips and nodded slightly. “Okay… I’ll tell you what happened. We checked in on Saturday morning, and the drive here was fine. Laurel complained that it was too far away, but she was really excited for the trip. We haven’t had a lot of time to spend together lately, with work and everything… We were just looking forward to a quiet week away,” Iris paused to take a breath. Cas reached out to place his hand on her shoulder in an attempt to comfort her.
Sam cut him off. “No, wait a second. Hear me out. You two have been through literal Hell and back for each other. You’re always obnoxiously staring at each other – and don’t try to deny it, I see the way you look at him. You care about Dean more than all of those angels. More than most other humans. You refused to kill Dean, even if it meant losing their support. Does all of this ring a bell?”
“Things didn’t start to get weird until after we checked in. We got to our room, and all of a sudden… she was being really tense with me. I couldn’t figure out why. And then I asked her what was wrong… and she totally blew up.”
Right as Cas said “No!”, Sam interjected with a louder “Yes, actually.” They both turned to glare at each other again.
“What now?” Dean asked.
Dean didn’t know what he felt. He felt numb. He couldn’t even bring himself to cry. Cas was gone.
As they drove back to the bunker, Cas tentatively reached across the seat of the Impala and pressed his palm into Dean’s thigh, rubbing his thumb along the denim of Dean’s jeans. Dean gasped, looking down at Cas’ hand for a moment before giving Cas a shy smile. This is how it was always meant to be.
Dean is in love with his best friend.
Dean sat there, gaping at his friend. “Go back to normal? Cas, I – “
Cas appeared in front of Dean suddenly. While Dean was relieved to see him, they didn’t have much time.
Quirking an eyebrow at Sam in the rearview mirror, Dean pulled to a stop at a red light before reaching over to give Cas an obnoxious kiss, releasing his lips with a loud pop. “Jealous much, Sammy?”
Cas took a shaky breath, tears burning hot on his face now. He thought to himself, carefully choosing his next words. “You know, ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of Hell… knowing you has changed me. Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam. I cared about Jack… I cared about the whole world because of you.” Cas looked at Dean with desperation and fear in his eyes. He knew what he had to do. “You changed me, Dean.”
Again, Cas just nodded at him. Dean found himself wishing he could crawl inside the angel’s head just so he might understand him a little better.
Cas’ face fell. “Oh. Okay. If that is how you feel, then I understand.” Cas looked away then, and Dean could tell he was hiding the tears filling his eyes.
Dean took a deep breath. Cas must have noticed this strange reaction, because his gravelly voice immediately cut through the silence. “Are you okay?”
with happiness. Dean hadn’t seen the angel look like that in all the years he had known him. If he had known Cas would react this way, he would’ve told him how loved he was a long time ago. Cas looked down at the table for a brief moment before his eyes moved back up to Dean’s. “How long?”
“Okay, Dean. Of course I will go with you.”
“I regard you very highly, Dean. I also know you very well, and I understand that your childhood does have an impact on your capacity for emotional vulnerability.”
“Jerk.” Sam hung up.
Dean was going to tell him.
“Are you mad at me or somethin’?” Dean placed his wallet on the bedside table before moving closer to where Cas was standing. Cas took a small step back, increasing the space between them like Dean was a magnet and Cas was the opposing force.
“Dean, you’re thinking too loud.” Dean chuckled. Cas knew him too well. Dean switched his focus to the feeling of Cas’ hand resting on his hip where his shirt had moved to expose a stretch of skin, the warmth from Cas’ fingers spreading to his own body through just that simple point of contact. He was eventually lulled to sleep by the sound of Cas’ breath in his ear.
“You’ll never lose me, Dean. I’m yours.” Cas pressed a single kiss to Dean’s forehead and held him until Dean had nothing left in him. They drove home, hands intertwined.
“Well, let me get dressed. We can show Iris what we found and go from there.”
Cas huffed, dropping his hands to his sides. “If we want to fit in on this case, I will need more clothing than my suit and trenchcoat. I do not own anything else, so I figure that since we are now ‘in a relationship’,” –Cas enclosed the phrase in air quotes – “I could borrow some of yours.”
Dean took a step forward in between Castiel’s legs, and Cas’ breath hitched. Dean leaned in slowly, cupping Cas’ face. “Cas, if this whole practice thing is gonna work, you have to touch me too.”
an old married couple.”
Dean parked the Impala near the back of the hotel and went to check in, Cas following close behind with each of their bags in hand.
Cas pushed out of his chair hesitantly, and Dean grabbed him by the hands. “Okay, just… just tell me if you need me to stop, okay?”
Dean, Cas, and Iris made their way toward the front desk. A young girl with blonde hair and a large pair of pink glasses sat before them, distracted by a book. Dean rang the bell on the table, which startled the girl. “Oh! So sorry, how can I help you today?”
Cas didn’t answer, simply grabbing Dean by the hand and pulling him toward the exit. Dean managed to pull a wad of cash out of his pocket and slam it down on the bar. Cas pushed the elevator button, and they both impatiently waited as the numbers above their heads slowly lit up. The metal doors slid open, but before they could walk inside…
Dean almost grimaced but caught himself so he wouldn’t disappoint Cas. “That’s great, Cas. Thanks. I’ll check it out later.”
Dean sat straight up at that, hitting his head on the roof of the car. He rubbed at the bump forming on his scalp while trying to process the lyrics that were still playing repeatedly in his mind. What did Cas mean by putting this song on a mixtape he made specifically for Dean? Probably nothing, he tried to reason with himself. This is just one of Cas’ favorite songs. It doesn’t have anything to do with Dean. Maybe Cas was trying to tell Dean that he was interested in someone else. Maybe Cas
It’s not like Dean had romantic feelings for Castiel. It was just weird, right? Two dudes pretending to be in love, sleeping right next to each other multiple nights in a row. Dean knew he was being ridiculous, but he couldn’t stop himself.
Dean choked at that, coughing for a good minute before stuttering out, “I- we’re not- Jack- “
Iris gave Dean a soft smile, her eyes squeezing shut. She reached out to grab his hand. “I can’t thank you enough.”
Cas placed a hand on Iris’ shoulder, and Dean watched as her face slumped with relaxation. She must have been in pain. Dean allowed himself a soft smile before he switched gears. “No, you’re fine. We’re just passing through Nebraska for a few days, and you seemed lonely. Would you mind some company?”
“I am trying to take this case seriously. We are supposed to be pretending to be together, but if you can’t handle that for a few days then I will be content to take care of this on my own.”
Dean’s head fell into his hands as he leaned back against the wall outside his room. Sam felt helpless. He had only ever seen Dean like this, a shell of his former self, when Cas died previously. This time was different, though, and he was finally understanding why. “What did you tell him?”
Dean grinned. “She’s alive, Iris. We just saw her. They took her to the hospital to run some tests, but she’s alive.”
“Me too, Cas.”
“I find myself… able to relate to the words she sings, moreso than the artists that might be considered more ‘age appropriate’” – Cas’ hands went up to form finger quotes around the phrase – “for myself. Since becoming human, these new emotions have been very difficult to process. I feel like Taylor understands me. The songs I chose… I picked them because they reminded me of you. That’s what Sam told me humans do when they make a mixtape for someone they care about.”
He’s in love with Cas.
Dean thought for a moment. The lingering glances, the shared coffee cups, the feeling of electricity that shot through him every time Cas touched him. This love he had for Cas was always there within him, just underneath the surface, waiting for something to bring it out.
“Dean, are you okay?” Cas was kneeling beside him now, fear cutting through his voice.
Closing his eyes and taking a deep breath, Dean said, “Friends don’t normally send each other emojis with hearts and stuff, Cas. That’s typically reserved for when you’re in a relationship.”
“Have you considered that maybe I don’t enjoy playing third wheel to you and your new vampire boyfriend?”, Cas spat back at him. He was seething. Dean had never seen him this angry before. It was kind of hot.
“However,” she continued, kicking Cas in the stomach as she paced around the room, “now, I must keep myself sustained somehow. I do so the only way I know how: making others feel the same way I felt my entire life.”
“Dean, Jack taught me what emojis are.”
“How are you, Dean?” Cas asked.
“Well, don’t look too pleased about it,” Dean joked, “You got your eyes on anyone? A beautiful girl like you should be able to get just about anyone in here.”
“Stand up,” Dean said abruptly, following his own orders a second later.
I can’t write that down. That would make it real.
Dean wrapped his arms around his chest as though he could protect himself from how vulnerable he felt. “I didn’t say anything. I, uh… we kissed. A bit.”
Dean coughed, awkwardly breaking off the embrace. “Take care of yourself, Benny.”
Castiel emerged from the hallway that led to his bedroom with a smile on his face. “Hello, Dean.” Dean let out a shaky breath he didn’t realize he had been holding in. He slowly walked over to Cas and wrapped his arms around his angel’s shoulders. “I missed you, man.”, he whispered into Cas’ shoulder.
Merry Christmas, Cas.
Looking around the room, he noticed a few other bodies handcuffed to nearby poles, the same situation he currently found himself in. He was mildly comforted by the fact that each person was still softly breathing. They were alive.
Dean’s true love?”
The corner of Jack’s mouth moved up to form a small smile as he shyly looked up at Sam. “Thank you, Sam. I think it is time for me to take my leave, though. I’ll be back soon.”
Later that day, Dean stood in front of the mirror, smoothing his shirt sleeves out nervously. He was
Dean looked up again, eyes red. “What?”
It was like Dean hit Castiel’s on-switch. All of a sudden, Cas’ hands were on him, frantically mapping out Dean’s frame. Dean looked directly into Cas’ eyes, taking a moment to appreciate just how blue they were. They looked like the ocean. Dean mentally promised himself that he would take Cas to the beach someday, if only to make the comparison in person.
“Why not, Dean? I have long denied myself the pleasure of telling you the truth. I no longer need to, so I plan to tell you how much you mean to me every single day, as long as I’m granted the privilege of being in your life,” Cas said, smiling like Dean himself was the one who created the entire universe. There’s something about an age-old creature that’s seen just about everything finding Dean the most fascinating individual he’s ever met. Dean felt his heart drop into his stomach at the idea.
Cas spoke through gritted teeth. “That’s fine.”
“Dean, I’m sorry.”
“My,” Dean hesitated, “…family and I are staying at the Magnolia a few blocks away for the week. We were wondering if you had any information about the hotel, since it is a historical landmark. This guy is kind of a history geek.” Dean gestured to Cas, who gave Dean a glare in return. Dean shrugged in response.
Cas giggled, which made Dean laugh even harder.
close the distance between them.
“I always wondered, ever since I took that burden, that curse. I wondered what it could be? What my true happiness could even look like. I never found an answer because the one thing I want… is something I know I can’t have. But I think I know now.” Cas looked at Dean. He was beautiful. “Happiness isn’t in the having, it’s in just being. It’s in just saying it.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I cannot simply ‘go for it’, Sam. I took advantage of Dean during a moment of weakness. He has no idea that I was the one who saved him, or how I managed to save him. It should stay that way. I don’t want to ruin our relationship. It’s Dean. He means too much to me to lose him.”
Having stayed in the hotel for two full days now, Dean had the path to their hotel room memorized. Cas followed closely behind him. Before Dean knew it, their door closed behind him, and Cas was looking at him again with that frustrating and confusing gaze all over again.
Castiel had barely spoken to Dean since his return from The Empty. Dean was going crazy. After everything they’d been through, Dean had believed things could be… different between them. Better. He should’ve known. Everything, everyone he loved always left him. Maybe Cas was reconsidering things. Maybe Dean read the situation wrong. Whatever it was, he just wanted his best friend back. Leaning back against his headboard, Dean resolved to talk to Cas tomorrow. Actually talk to him.
me, this time.”
Cas felt the heat rush to his face, embarrassed. But Dean continued. “I had known for a long time that what I felt for you wasn’t the same as what I felt for Jack, or even for Sam. But that moment… I knew that you were it for me, Castiel. You are my best friend, and I can’t imagine waking up each morning without your grumpy, feathered ass. I love you so much, Cas.”
