A man by the name of Mike Stamford had approached him when he was entering the building, a kindly chap who had just wanted to talk. In this time, Sherlock had disclosed that he was looking for a flat mate, male, and was certain that Stamford would be returning later in the day. Hopefully the flat mate would be nice - Mycroft had been an awful person to live with, he wanted the person he was going to share his new flat, 221B Baker Street, to be the complete opposite of his brother.
Sherlock arrived at St Barts and began to examine the body. It was boring, mundane work and he would've rather been on a proper, fresh, new case but Lestrade didn't have one so this would have to do.
"Well, get ready to raise Rosie if I die," John gets up and slaps the papers onto his laptop, in a reminder to do that tomorrow. Too exhausted tonight. He goes back to his whiskey promptly.
And Lestrade would smirk and walk up to Mycroft, and say, "I don't know about you, but I find that amazing."
"My name. And there is a body in St Barts you can take a look at, ask Miss Hooper, he's 51, name's Julian. He took a bad hit to the head from his wife, Jane, and it killed him."
“What do you mean, wrong?” Mr Halesworth’ tone is suprisingly flat, suggesting he’s used to this kind of behaviour.
"And you decide to drop that bomb now? That your soulmate's name is Mycroft? Not, I don't know, when you first met me? I asked you if you had met a John, you looked around and couldn't find John Watson so obviously you didn't find my soulmate, and the whole time you knew me, you could have said the words, "Mycroft is the name of my soulmate?" And I would, after laughing my head off and then feeling slightly sympathetic for you, actually arrange a meeting between the two of you?" Sherlock asked, incredulous.
Sherlock didn't understand at all what he'd done wrong, not even when Mycroft crouched down to his level in an empty corridor and explained. Mummy found them some forty minutes later. "Get your coats, boys. We're going home. Your father's already left to get the car."
Holmes's jaw tightened and to his triumph, John thought he saw him blush slightly. The slave stood up abruptly.
She disappeared through a back door that locked itself automatically behind her. John glanced at the clock on the wall and for the lack of anything better to do began reading.
Mummy and Daddy had never fought like that. It was New Year's Eve, and for now the other people around them preparing to welcome the new year were still oblivious to the prelude of a tragedy midst them. A New Year's party wasn't a place for a child. Sherlock had been dreadfully bored despite the host's slave trying to keep him and other children company. Mycroft, being so much older and smarter, followed around their parents.
John shook his head helplessly. The anger he'd felt just moments ago faded away and was replaced by a growing sense of shame and guilt. "I didn't need any more money. You got me the money I needed for now. You even paid back that cab ride you took. But I thought... A little extra wouldn't hurt. It was...it was so
"I know," Sherlock lied despite he knew he wasn't fooling Mycroft. His brother saw instantly that he hadn't known of the organ donor position. He really should have seen it himself. He was young and healthy. He would have survived multiple operations that'd cannibalise his vital organs and body parts for the free people lying in hospitals waiting for them. He might have ended up a lung or heart donor. He shuddered at the idea of waking up after an operation, perhaps blind and in pain, just waiting to die.
Florida especially, still far too recent and fresh in his mind. It felt like a miracle to be back in London. Compared to Florida, this was
assume. If you don't know something, then ask! No matter how stupid the question, no matter how irrelevant it might seem to you."
"Could be someone whose loved one was already killed," Lestrade suggested. "I mean, you found him, so..."
Whether that would've helped or not remained a mystery. He'd been given to John before InS even tried to sell him. Seemed unlikely they'd bother trying if John returned him.
"I suppose we'll have to talk here then," Mycroft said, letting himself in. He stopped in front of the dining table and regarded the room with distaste. "Charming little home you have."
"Only because you were being an idiot and thought it hurt your pride to let me help them," Holmes argued. "And nine people isn't a dozen."
The cupboards weren't actual cupboards despite how they were called. They were more like tiny rooms in crawlspaces between the walls. Sherlock had no complaints about the one he now occupied. The space was high enough for him to sit down with his back straight, wide enough for him to lie comfortably on his back without either of his shoulders being against the wall and the space took almost full length of the wall, so he had more than enough space to sleep comfortably. String of bright LED-lights ran by the low ceiling and there were four deep shelves at the back for him to keep his clothes and possessions. The ventilation was good, it was dry and there was no way for rodents to get in. It wasn't even very claustrophobic compared to some cupboards Sherlock had occupied previously.
Truth to be told, Sherlock was surprised it had taken his brother this long to find out he was back in the country. Or perhaps it was because he had given up on thinking Sherlock would ever return, dead or alive, and had only found out by accident. Sherlock wouldn't blame him. He had not believed he'd ever see London again, either.
First tears rolled down on Sherlock's cheeks. If only Mycroft were here with him. His brother always knew what to do.
"See, that's the strange thing, because he isn't", John said, finger lingering near to his face for emphasis. "He's been a slave most of his life. I've never met a slave like him. It started out alright, he was really obedient and helpful, if a bit odd, but a good slave nevertheless. I did read his papers and I guess I should have taken what was written a bit more seriously, but he seemed like a real bargain..! Then I found out he had sneaked out of the house while I was away. And he used my computer. Now he's been completely impossible all morning. He does what he's told, but he talks back and argues, and behaves like I've insulted
"There's a Lidl just around the corner and a Tesco Express down the street. What else..? You can use the bathroom whenever you want as long as I'm not using it. Same goes for the TV. Like I said, you can watch it, but if I tell you to change the channel or turn it off, you do that."
True, John had noticed that, too, when he had moved in. He couldn't help but to admire the amount of work his slave had done.
John nodded and straightened his back. "Alright. Good. You can get up and make that coffee now. Which you would've already done by now if you'd just obeyed in the first place. And now that I think of it, I'm actually a little hungry, too. Make that a coffee and a sandwich. There's duct tape in the drawer, I'm sure you can find it. Tape your mouth shut, serve me my coffee and then you can go back 'updating' or whatever it was you were doing. And if this happens again, I
"People don't just marry their slaves unless they love them. They want to make it legal and equal." Surely no one would marry a slave unless they truly loved it like a person. The idea was absurd.
It was a poorly executed plan. It wasn't a plan at all. The slave called Hunny kept a keen eye on him and had him work beside her, but as soon as she turned her back on him Sherlock ran. He sprang out of the backdoor with his bare feet, still wearing the same clothes InS had made him wear the day before.
The slave leant forward, bringing his long, slender fingers together in front of his face. "I find it hard to concentrate on tasks I don't find interesting."
my permission to go out! And don't give me that look", he said when the corner of Holmes's mouth twisted ever so slightly into a smirk. "I checked the GPS record. It wasn't just today, you went out yesterday, too."
“No tendencies for falling ill and naturally it has passed all our health checks and its vaccinations are in order. Would you like to have a look at the teeth? Prostate? Erection?” she offered, picking up a box of disposable latex gloves from the shelf.
It took a moment for Holmes focus at him, as if he'd been somewhere far away in his thoughts. "Welcome home, master."
"The birthday girl was veeeery protective of me," he assured. "I'm not exactly a virgin, but untouched from last night, if that's what you mean."
"Just to keep in touch with peop–", Holmes snapped, then quickly cut himself off. He finished with a correction: "other slaves."
"He's done it at least four times, though, but he kept saying the third one wasn't an escape attempt."
? He’d been bored ever since setting his feet into her house, but he hadn’t complained. Much. And then one day she just said she was bored and wanted to sell him and buy someone else!
It was perhaps two hours of wandering in his mind later when he was brought back to the reality by his new master poking at his side with his cane, but it took a moment for his startled mind to put together what the reality around him was. He opened his eyes and stared up at the man in annoyance to mask his surprise. "What?"
"That's an order, Holmes," John commanded, gripping a fistful of black curls. Holmes hissed in pain as his master twisted the hair around his fingers. "Do it
John did not stay home for most of Saturday. He left, telling his slave he had things to do, even though he didn't. He simply didn't feel like staying in his bare, small flat. He would go crazy, end up staring at his gun again. So instead he wandered the streets, painfully slowly compared to what he had been used to before his injury. He sat a while in a café reading a newspaper. The two identical suicides from the past week still dominated the media.
John stood in the middle of the room, still uncertain of whether to tell Holmes of the offer he had received or not. It still felt like a bad idea to let the slave know someone wanted to buy him, but he was also curious. Maybe Holmes would know who it had been.
While the InS members grumbled, later on, sitting at the back of a car on their way to the InS headquarters in London, Mycroft smiled at him. "Well thought, Sherlock."
"Roland-Kerr Further Education College," Sherlock told. The cabbie looked pleased with his answer, but truth to be told, he had been quite lost until the very last minutes. "Why here?"
"It's better than both of you spending the day in the rain," John said. "Besides, I'm curious to meet a friend of yours."
"I–" Holmes cleared his throat in an attempt to make himself sound less hostile, and started again: "I. Am. A slave."
The laws were strict that way. Slaves weren't allowed to possess money, drive a car, work with a salary or travel on their own without proper paperwork in order.
She crouched down to cup his chin. Sherlock let the hand guide him back to sitting position. He wanted nothing more than to pull away, but didn't dare to try. He gazed back into his future owner's eyes with horror.
Holmes raised his hands either to protect himself or reassure John, and pressed his back against the seat, putting as much distance between them as he could in the taxi. "I didn't research you or spy on you or go through your things, I
He cleared his throat. "Alright. Let's see that crime scene. I'll deal with him later. I'm not having him waste any more of your time than he already has."
"What, no, no!" John hurried to correct himself. "I meant "yes, I get what you mean", but no. No, you don't have to...shave yourself. No."
Why now, why after nearly twenty years? Why John Watson? What was there about this crippled army doctor that made him even consider submitting to slavery ever again?
"I'm not in mood for prolonged suspense," Sherlock murmured at the table. While he might have liked dragging things himself to impress others, he didn't appreciate the same being done to him.
The idea hit John and he scrambled to the desk to get the slave's file. There it was, written on the contract. A website address, a user name and a password. All he had to do was to log in and he could check the slaves GPS record.
He chuckled at his own joke, then shook his head somewhat mournfully. "Between you and me...why can't people think?"
John whistled. Six years was a long time, considering that out of the twenty-something years he'd been enslaved he'd been missing for three years and owned by nine different people.
After making himself a large mug of coffee, John returned to the living area to test the waters. He turned around a chair from the desk and sat down. "So... What was that about?"
He couldn't believe it. Did not want to believe it. He was mistress's investment, wasn't he? Why would she sell him? How
Cars arrived soon after they'd eaten what Saffron, their kitchen slave, had almost forced them to eat. "You won't be getting food this good at InS. Eat," he'd said.
"No, it's okay", John said, following him to the room. "You can eat there. Two seats, plenty of room for both of us."
Sherlock leant to the door frame. He swallowed and blinked a few times before replying. "You tell me."
He’d been on his new task for several minutes when Dr Watson put away the laptop and started to get ready to leave, so Sherlock temporarily abandoned the dishes to help the jacket on the ex-army doctor.
"What difference does it make?" Holmes's annoyed voice called. "In the eyes of the law, we're not connected in any way."
“Obvious”, the slave interrupted. “I know I wasn’t bought, so either I'm a prize or part of your pension. Your conversation while I knelt on the floor confirmed the pension, but I had already picked up you were a soldier. You are very tanned, so clearly you’ve spent time abroad recently, but the tan line ends at your wrists and neck, so you weren’t there for the sun. Your haircut and the way you hold yourself says military. So there, a soldier. Now, not everyone receives a slave with their pension. You are young, clearly you were forced to leave the army. Something must have happened and you must have committed some heroic act to be awarded like this. You were injured, but perhaps you saved someone.
"I don't know. I don't really care at the moment." He stood up, just in time to see Holmes stick something on his arm. This time he didn't even bother asking. He wrenched the man up violently by seizing his arm.
Sherlock didn't dare to move. He could hear the man draw shaky breaths and in the dim light coming from the window he could see him biting into his fist to not sob out loud. The doctor probably didn't remember he was in the room, but then again, even if he did, what would it matter to a free man like him? Sherlock was just a slave, it hardly mattered what he saw or heard. He idly wondered if he should go to his master, attempt to soothe him somehow, but the mere idea disgusted him. He wasn't like that, he wasn't that much of a slave. He wouldn't willingly go to his owner's bed in the middle of the night, when the man had just woken from a nightmare. Not unless he was ordered to.
However, as the official papers moved to describe his personality, it became less flattering. It did describe him as "a quick learner, accurate and precise, scientific, capable of independent work" and "resourceful", but most after that was highly negative. He was described to be "ignorant and slow to understand commands". His bad qualities contained "occasional rebelliousness and/or unwillingness to comply or serve, arrogance, insolence, apathy" and "lack of understanding his master's needs". It outright said Holmes was stupid.
"Right... Up! Up immediately!" John grabbed the blanket and forcefully pulled it away. "On your knees,
He drew a breath and continued a little more respectfully: "Punish me when this is over, but until then,
He trembled as Mrs Spedding took his hand and turned it around, stroking his fingers. She lifted his chin, turning his face towards the light. She looked at his eyes and had him open his mouth to see his teeth, poking her finger in to move his cheeks out of the way. She pushed at his tongue and chuckled when he gagged, jerking away from her.
The boy cowered on the floor. "Billy, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to– Stand up, you've done nothing wrong."
"Don't you have a slave to carry that for you?" a female voice asked him as he scrambled himself and his bag into the car.
"No, absolutely impossible", the slave muttered, biting his lip. After a while of thinking he said, very carefully: "What if I said I knew a place? Here, in London. Around the same price you pay now, maybe a bit more, but a much better location and better rooms."
Even in the dim light John could see this was likely true. Ryan Brisson's lip had recently bled and was badly in need of a stitch or two.
head slave." While it was alright for people to hit a slave they didn't own, a slave could not do the same to another slave unless they were specifically ordered to, or were named the head of all the slaves in the house. Which Mycroft was at his mistress's household.
"No, I was handed to a new owner. He's why I'm calling. No, no, I'm fine. He's been very good to me. Listen, are you still looking for that tenant? My new master is in dire need of accommodation."
When Sherlock still said nothing, his expression turned angrier. "Don't it make you mad? Why can't people just
"I was disobedient and disrespectful," he continued, words catching in his throat. "It was wrong and I'm very sorry I caused trouble for my mistress and master."
The slave smiled politely, bowed at John from the waist and disappeared into the black vehicle that immediately steered away. The odd encounter hadn't taken even five minutes, and he could still see the lights of the police cars. Whoever they had been, they were gone now. John was left with yet more questions about the mysterious inquiries after his slave, and zero answers.
But the fact remained he had technically already been put on the death row once. There would be no second chances. Should John give him back and should no one buy him...InS would deem him waste of money to feed until the next big auction day. It would be entirely possible they'd decide he wasn't even worth the paper work for one more auction. In that case he'd be lucky to be killed in the InS basement. He'd rather a quick death by lethal injection than be subjected to medical research. And even if someone did buy him, he knew it would not last. With nine past owners, no it'd be ten past owners, and the record he had he knew it would only give him a year or two more at best. Just seeing the scars on his back turned away most potential buyers. He'd known it when mistress Summers decided to sell him, and knowing how hard it would be for him to be sold, he had begged for her not to do it.
Your limp is bad when you walk, but you had no problem with it while standing when you weren’t paying attention to it. Your therapist says it’s psychosomatic, which I’m afraid is true, but you were injured nevertheless and relieved, thus pension it indeed is. Now, where can a military man get himself injured these days? Simple: Afghanistan or Iraq.”
"M-Moriarty. Moriarty!" the man shrieked over and over again, but Sherlock did not let go. The man's struggling was too weak for him to get away from the slave. Sherlock pressed and twisted his thumb as hard as he could and it took him several seconds to realise the cabbie was dead.
There had been slaves at the kindergarten and the schools he went, there were slaves at the university and there certainly were slaves in the army to “keep company” to the soldiers. But never had he owned a slave of his own.
"But Mummy, what about the fireworks?" The fireworks were the one thing Sherlock had been anxiously waiting for all night.
"Cancer's not like a broken leg," he'd been told. "I've heard the free people get the treatment for free, but treating a slave is expensive. It's cheaper and easier to get a new one."
"Boy, if you calm down I'll let you pet him one more time before we'll go," the man from animal control promised.
A lone taxi stood parked at the front. The numbers matched. It was the same car that had taken Holmes. The police weren't here yet.
"With all due respect, Doctor", Lestrade started. "Your slave's worked for the Yard in the past. He's been great help. There's been several arrests we couldn't have made without him."
The scene of crime was easy to spot as soon as the cab pulled to the street. Sherlock waited impatiently for John to pay and strode far before him to the police cars with their flashing lights. They were just secluding the area with tape. Lestrade's back was easy to recognise.
He probably would go that far without a word of protest if his mistress wanted it. Mycroft took his position far more seriously than Sherlock did. He ranked highest among the four slaves his mistress owned. Being a head slave and in his mistress's favour gave him actual privileges, like more freedom to move around as he wanted. Not that he did. Mycroft was not only a head slave and a bed slave, he was also a slave to his habits. He rarely did anything outside his routines unless ordered to. And he had the advantage of being able to almost always send another slave in his stead.
"It's good to see you again. There've been a few cases you would've cracked a lot quicker than we did. How long have you been back?" he wanted to know.
The free man in him should have hated John, but he didn't. In fact, he hadn't hated most of his owners. Loathed the system and loathed the situation, but not truly them. Mr Hudson and his thugs he would've hated had he had the energy to do so. At The Oyster House he'd been too drugged and too defeated to hate anyone but himself. The only one he had truly hated with burning rage had been master Singh. Him Sherlock would have happily killed in his sleep for how he treated his slaves. For what he'd done to his slaves. But of course Sherlock hadn't. Death was not the kind of freedom he pursued. Despite some of his weakest moments, he valued his life far more than he valued the freedom death would offer.
"After they chase us off the station, yes." The park slave he knew would let them somewhere to get shelter from the rain.
"Nobody. Your question is fallacious. You ask "who," yet you're talking to an object. You cannot label an object "who"."
Sherlock sat at the back of the ambulance, orange blanket draped around his shoulders for a long time. He would've much rather returned to the scene of crime, but had firmly been ordered to stay put until Lestrade would have time to talk with him. Sally paid him a brief visit to ask what had happened and to inform him his owner had been contacted. Several others came in small groups with camera phones and took pictures of him.
"How?" John questioned, despite already digging into his pocket for the phone unconsciously. He had never heard a slave speak with such a demanding tone.
"Did you talk this disrespectfully to your previous owners, too? Or is it just me? Am I getting some kind of special treatment?" John demanded, trying very hard to stay calm.
"I still need money, though," John spoke. "I've been looking through some rental places, but I don't want to sign you up at an agency. It's just until I get paid."
"I tried to run away, ma'am," Sherlock told. Shame washed over him. He could feel the warmth of a blush on his cheeks. What had he been thinking?
Holmes's eyebrows furrowed and he looked at John like he'd just been asked something completely irrational. In a way, John knew, he had. He shrugged: "I've no interest in starving you. It's not like I'm eating it now. I can have it tomorrow if there's any left, but you might as well have some now."
"I know chemistry and anatomy", Holmes stated, then half a second later decided to explain: "I used to work at a morgue."
“It most likely doesn't concern you, but this item cannot sign the so called “emancipation” contract before two-thousand and...” she rustled the papers for reference, “thirty-two.”
Whichever the case, Sherlock changed to pyjamas and slipped under the duvet. It was heavenly compared to sleeping on the floor or even on the thin mattress in the cupboard. Soft and warm, and it smelled faintly of fresh flowery fabric conditioner Mrs Hudson had made him use. He practically melted against the mattress and buried his cheek against the pillow with a delighted sigh. A bed was such a normal, simple thing, yet for a slave it was a rare luxury. Sherlock had slept on top of John's bed at the previous flat, but the last actual, proper time he'd slept in a bed had been with master and mistress Summers back in December. Back then sex had always been involved if he had been given the privilege of actually staying in the bed for the night. More often than not he'd been ordered to move away once his services were no longer needed. Sharing the bed with his mistress had only been allowed when master was away. Would John let him stay, he wondered?
Sherlock looked at his brother from the other side of the room. It wasn't in his nature to be scared easily, but he now felt a cold, twisting lump in his stomach. He wasn't as smart as Mycroft, but he wasn't stupid by any means. He knew well what this meant. And he realised that Mycroft could not help them.
"The plate is older than I am," he pointed out. He pushed a piece of the wall that was actually a well hidden slave cupboard's door and dumped the case in. Many old houses still had cupboards that had to be opened with a key and could be locked, but thankfully Mrs Hudson had cared about the safety of the slave of her future tenant's when she'd decided to renovate the flat. Nowadays the recommendation was that a slave should never be locked in a cupboard. In case of fire the slave rarely was the first thing people thought of saving, and many slaves had died unable to get out. People still did it, but numerous fire safety campaigns had reduced the amount of slave deaths.
"Very funny," the slave huffed. He opened the tap for hot water and moved the plates and cutlery in the sink. John stood watching him for a while, occasionally sipping his coffee.
“And that's it?” John asked, but his surprise was drowned under the annoyance he’d started to feel towards the woman.
Two men suddenly emerged from the darkness, heading towards Sarah to pick up her chair, quickly causing the woman to scream against the gag, though it of course was heavily muffled to prevent her from causing due alarm.
“This is a bad idea…” John muttered, even as he reached for the utensil in Sherlock’s hand, which if anyone would care to add, was holding onto the metal utensil without any protection what-so-ever.
He’d totally forgotten in his sudden fury that Sherlock had been in contact with the man at the time.
” John softly muttered under his breath as he followed Sherlock, sitting down into his seat next to Sarah to give her the biggest smile he possibly could put on despite the situation, just as the lights began to dim.
“John…” Ella then leaned forwards, folding her arms atop the notepad in what John easily noticed as her attempting to hide what else she had written besides that last sentence. “I know things seem hard right now. A soldier back in civilian life, along with your found awareness. I think writing about everything that happens to you will not only help your mental state, but can also help you learn more about your abilities and give you a better idea on how to adapt to them in your life. I think writing will honestly help you in both those aspects.”
The world has changed greatly since then, and human/familiar society has blended into a co-existing organism all its own. Magic users are not nearly as common as they used to be, with only theories of the world’s natural fading magic to lean towards a cause. Witches and Warlocks are still born amongst humans, though their magical talent is not near what the stories of old say they should be capable of. Years are usually spent attempting to even remotely achieve a regular standard of magical prowess, and both Witches and Warlocks are normally stuck with whatever their particular talent decides they excel in. More powerful magic-users are kept in strict check among the governments.
“Sorry mate, assumptions had to be made.” Lestrade gave John a friendly pat on the shoulder. “Me and the other mates figured it would be the only reason anyone could stand being around him for any longer period of time. Let alone live here. He’s a good bloke mind you, but quite aggravating on the soul.”
“Eh?” John looked to Sherlock, giving that slight tilt to his frame that allowed him to slide his bad leg forwards on the carpet to a more comfortable position.
On their way back to Baker street, it was oddly quiet in the back of their cab. Unusual that they had spent the last few hours in a driven conversation only to go mute on the way back to their home. John did not voice this opinion though, as his brain was already attempting to wind down after the long day and the sound of wheels on pavement and cars passing by on semi-wet pavement was a calming feature of living in London. So, instead of striking a conversation to the quiet man across the seat, he leaned his head against the glass of his window and closed his eyes.
John startled slightly with the mention to his hands, looking quickly down to the gloved appendages as realizing that Sherlock had actually noticed them. Bloody hell, of course he had.
“I’m a consulting detective. Only one in the world.” Sherlock corrected while he continued to look out the window, but eventually in his pause he’d turn his gaze towards his companion. “I invented the job.”
The picture seemed simple enough really. An empty, unfurnished room showed a normal looking fireplace along one wall. The wallpaper itself looked aged, and was obviously peeling in some places. Two mirrors were within the room, a taller one propped into the corner casually, and a smaller one above the mantelpiece.
“Do not make me order you.” Mycroft lifted a hand to point at Sherlock, with a small shake, something that instantly wiped the smirk off of Sherlock’s face. “We must have those plans back, for obvious reasons. They can not be allowed to fall into the wrong hands.”
“Don’t be cheek, I mean it.” John turned quiet after that, looking down at the floor thoughtfully. Now that he had got over the initial “shock” of seeing Sherlock shift, he was now more worried about accidentally having truly offended his friend. It was the entire reason he had even been looking up the information online in the first place.
Slowly, Sherlock turned his head towards his flatmat to find John covering his mouth with his un-gloved hand, holding back his snickers as if his life depended on it. It very well might be, considering one thing Sherlock hated was to be laughed at.
“But...as it may. You did do so in the act of both what would be seen as self defense, and might I add in the defense of my only brother. This, has not gone without proper speculation.”
That’s when John got a glimpse of Sherlock’s tail when that blue dressing gown wafted upwards within his movement.
“Sherlock, please explain…” Lestrade softly begged, with a far more worried tone in his voice as he slowly stood back up into a standing position, hands on his hips. “What, exactly, is going to happen again?”
Nothing was heard for the few short moments, until suddenly four short pips emitted before a longer lasting fifth played directly afterwards. The message then stops, before a second message suddenly blinks onto the screen, that a new picture had been uploaded into the gallery of the phone not too long ago.
Everything was starting to slowly make sense to John. Even though he was no way near as brilliant as Sherlock, it was clear enough to him with only a few sentences exactly why this Familiar had distanced herself, and then gone missing completely.
Finally he could reach for his cane, and with his stronger right arm holding most of his body’s weight he pushed himself to his feet and hobbled over to the one window he had. With his free hand he lifted away the curtain from the glass so he could peer out at the city, mentally letting the image wash over his thoughts of all the
“Well you are just out of luck, I left it in my coat.” Mike responded after a few pats to his empty pockets.
“I have already taken the liberty to have your belongings moved to two hundred and twenty-one B Baker Street. I should hope you will find everything in proper order once you arrive.”
“See what I mean?” She kindly looked up from her notes to give him a practiced smile. “Reading my writing upside down.”
John raised a hand and slowly ran it back through his hair with a low groan of frustration. Taking a slow, deep breath, he closed his eyes and took a few seconds to try to compose himself. Slowly breathe in, slowly breathe out, repeat.
“Come on!” John whisper-yelled and grabbed for the female Familiar’s hand, giving her barely enough time to put down her teapot before she was yanked out of the room and down the hallway in what John hoped was the opposite direction that Sherlock had headed.
“Now I can't give you all the details as far as your job position goes, though I am sure you already have a good idea of that…” Concade was attempting to explain.
“What is there to explain, John? It’s a head. Human, in fact. If it isn’t too hard for you to tell.” Sherlock blinked up at him. How on earth could he both act sarcastic and look innocent at the same time?!
uninteresting activities he just must perform, John found himself taking a stroll through Russel Square Park. With
“The violin.” The man stated again, seeming to get a slightly annoyed tone at having to repeat himself, without looking up at John as he stared at the laptop’s open screen. “I like to play when I am thinking. Sometimes, I don’t speak for days on end.” Suddenly, as if he had a thought that erupted into his head, he leaned up and peered back to John, with a more interested look.
Mycroft gave John an almost curious look, slight tilt given to his head as he regarded his brother’s new associate with the usual cool gaze that he portrayed to the common folk.
Its been a long time coming this scene of mine in my head...I only hope the time that you spent here, was enjoyed. Thank you again, dear readers. Much love, as always. <3
That particular specimen was still currently taking up room when John peeked into their fridge to see what he had in terms of making himself breakfast. After John had originally got over his shock, and disgust, the head was slowly becoming easier to ignore. Though he still refused to touch it, and reminded himself to tell Sherlock to get rid of it soon. With a slight sigh, John carefully reached around to grab his jar of jam. At least that particular food product was safely sealed enough for John’s comfort. Toast it is, then.
Sherlock loved when everything went according to plan. Reaching for a sheet of paper to his side he slowly leaned forwards and slipped it down where John would see it being handed to him. Slowly John grabbed the piece of paper with his free hand and lifted it further so he could see it properly.
“You have reacted to the physical characteristics of my race in such a way that has made you easy to deduce. The lingering stares, slight startlement, and uneasiness are clear examples that you are not only uncomfortable with them, but uncomfortable with yourself because of the feelings that you are receiving on seeing them. This indicates that you are not racist, as I am sure you have created a mental mantra for yourself to try to prove the fact, but that you're uncomfortable for an entirely different reason.”
Flipping the phone shut, he simply handed it back towards John while using his other free hand to grab the mug the woman was holding out towards him. Peering down at it with a satisfied look before he looked back up to whom John knew now as Molly, leaning forwards a little and putting another inquisitive tilt to his head. “You were wearing lipstick before?”
“What treasure? I have no bloody idea what you're talking about! And I am still not Sherlock bloody Holmes!” John was beginning to lose patience as he became more desperate, twisting against his bonds as best he could.
“Quiet!” John grumbled back at her, before finding an out-of-the-way door. Yanking it open at just the right moment when a pistol shot sounded from down the hallway they had just came, making him stop and stare down the area with a worried expression. Shaking his head, John yanked the Familiar lady into the room he’d just opened.
I am overwhelmed by the comments and interest I got from only one chapter. Thank you! I hope you enjoyed this one as well. :)
The cabbie didn't reply, just smirked at him through the mirror. He wouldn't answer more questions for the rest of the drive, so instead of pressing it Sherlock leant back on his seat, hoping for his head to clear while getting himself on the map. After ten more minutes of driving the cab pulled to the front of two nearly identical buildings. His driver turned off the engine, got up and came to open the passenger door.
, John reminded himself. It shouldn't matter what he saw or heard. He was less than a pet, furniture, even. No one cared what slaves thought.
Truthfully, sending him to the bathroom had been just an excuse to get the slave out of the room while he changed into an old t-shirt and trousers he'd been using an pyjamas ever since his return to London. He really had no idea what to do with Holmes's bed. He didn't have any extra pillows or blankets, not to mention, a mattress, but despite the knowledge he was rummaging through his stuff when Holmes returned.
Billy helped him in his dressing gown and together they descended downstairs. He could hear a buzzing sound from Mrs Hudson's doorbell.
But the text was gone already, so he brushed it off. Maybe the guy was new. Then a second odd thing happened when he stepped to the street. The phone in the phone box across the street was ringing. It stopped though when a group of teenagers approached it. Now that he thought of it, he was fairly certain it had been ringing when he got here as well.
How had he missed he was on sale? How had he not realised it was the next logical step for his owners to take? He should have seen it coming. He had been blind.
Sherlock cleared his throat. John turned to look up at him, and he leant down to close the case and took it away.
“That's not what people usually say…” the slave muttered, still looking a bit stunned by John's reaction and burrowing his brows deeply as if he couldn't comprehend the logic behind his words.
Perhaps...no matter what John had meant, perhaps it would be better to have it happen tonight. Tonight was just as good as any other night. Even if he aggravated John with his inability to properly submit to his role, at least he could please him in the bedroom. Others had kept him around for a little longer for that despite his many faults. John would, too.
John raised his eyebrows sceptically at the claim that someone would like him, but, speak of the devil, the said man arrived to their table, arms spread wide in a friendly gesture. "Holmes! My favourite slave."
Well. Sherlock had proven them wrong. Greg could only hope Sherlock would finally settle for his standing in the society, and that his new owner, Dr Watson, would treat him well.
He was visibly irritated, but so was John. Probably not as much as the slave hopefully imagined, but a little nevertheless. Hacking into his master's laptop wasn't exactly the kind of thing a slave should expect to get away with. Holmes wasn't unaware of his dissatisfaction, so after a moment of silence he sighed and dropped on his knees from the chair. "I said
"Yes, I'm aware. It's unfortunate that we learnt he'd been brought back to the country just recently."
Ms Bruce all but rolled her eyes. “Personally, I don't understand why anyone would free a born-a-slave, or even a class C slave like this one here”, she huffed. “They can’t adapt to the society. They only become a burden for the real, tax paying people like us.”
John let it go unnoticed. "Laundry's going to be your job as well. I'll show you the laundrette later. Shopping, too, to some extent, I think, after I've updated your papers and get you a permission to carry money."
An emotion John had no time to name passed the slave eyes, but it was gone as quickly as it appeared, replaced by hard, intense stare. The slave tilted his head. "Of course not."
With a heavy sigh Sherlock curled on his left side under the duvet. He remembered, as a child, long before this nightmare, climbing into his bed before his nanny had even left. He'd pressed his cold toes against her thighs or tummy, and she'd hugged him, sang for him and read him stories. Mummy had sometimes read for him, too, but mostly she had been too busy. Sandy always left the door ajar so that Redbeard could walk in and sleep by his bed.
Holmes's expression darkened. "When you got me, and I asked you "Afghanistan or Iraq", you were surprised."
"Oh, he seems excellent. I'm impressed," Mrs Spedding praised. Sherlock smiled a little at that and looked at his feet. "However, I'm sure you understand, I'd like to have a proper look at him before making any decisions."
. His hand tried to unconsciously reach the jacket pocket under the coveralls at least he had had the sense to wear when offered. He didn't want Holmes to see the strange business card, so he kept it with himself. Someone badly wanted his slave, but why? His skill set was certainly impressive, but he was also ill-tempered and a bloody bad slave at most of the time. Why would someone be so interested in buying him so suddenly? If someone wanted him so badly, why hadn't they bought him sooner? There had been plenty of opportunities.
Sherlock's fingers gripped the duvet. No matter what John had planned, it would happen tonight. He would offer himself like Mycroft had told him to. He would put on his best "I want you" face and crawl across the bed to greet him as soon as he closed the bedroom door behind him.
There were still police officers and cars with their lights flashing everywhere. Not really knowing what to do, John made his way to the only familiar figure he could spot. Sergeant Donovan stood in watch at the same place where he'd first met her.
. Either someone who knew him had bought him (unlikely, no one had ever bought him outside an auction or the market hall) or he had randomly been chosen from the slaves available.
Angelo left, and although Holmes initially didn't want to order anything, claiming he didn't eat while on a case, John had him eat a portion of pasta of his own. Holmes paid little attention to the food and kept a keen eye on the other side of the street behind the window.
"What else can I say?" Sherlock countered. It wasn't his choice. "You need money, you own a slave. Naturally, you'll use the slave to make more money."
Mycroft called for him, fumbling to get himself free. Sherlock remembered nothing of Mycroft helping him out of the car. The first clear memory of the aftermath he had was the field. He stood on frozen field, watching the sparks flying in the air as the power saw cut through the frame of the car. It lay on its roof, trapping his parents inside. Daddy had steered the car on the opposite lane, and a car had hit the left side of their's.
"I'm sorry," John whispered. Not just for Trevor. For what he could have become. For what he had done.
“You better behave yourself”, he warned. “Because you’re lucky, you know. Your number’s already on the list. They would’ve dispatched you after the auction if you were left unsold. And I see to it personally that you’ll end up on that list again if ever find out you’ve been thrown back to this facility.”
John rolled his eyes. "You can go shopping if needed, but no further. And if you do, ask Mrs Hudson if she needs anything."
He sent Holmes to get some well deserved sleep and decided to check his emails once more. Among the messages, a new one stuck out. It looked exactly like the others that had come through the website he'd left his advert on, and it read:
"Right... Well, pretend for a while I'm considering this. Where is this place you're talking about?"
"Is an older brother not allowed to simply want to see his little brother after four years? Let me look at you."
Sherlock obeyed silently. There were things he would have wanted to voice, things he didn't agree with his master, but he wisely chose to keep his mouth shut. Better not to cause any more conflicts between them tonight, even if he had miscalculated and let the mask of dutiful slave slip again. He would lose any argument just as he had lost nearly all the arguments so far, just for the fact that he had no right to have an opinion.
Jeff Hope led him to an empty cafeteria. Tall windows faced an empty, dark car park on the other side of the building they'd arrived to. Hope didn't switch on all the lights. "This okay?"
"What makes you think you can do that?" John yelled the slave. "I don't care what you feel you need. I'm the one who decides what you need. And I don't remember giving you a permission to go out on your own!"
He staggered, legs giving out and fell on the floor despite trying to hold on to the table behind him to stay on his feet. He hugged the table leg, dragging himself half under the table.
lesser beings. Him becoming one didn't change that. He'd spoken long with Stewart, their head slave, about what it would mean for him and Sherlock to be enslaved. If any of their family slaves felt this was justice, then they were doing a fine job hiding it. More than anything, they seemed to pity the brothers. Their yard slave Spruce was enraged that this would happen to the family he had served his entire life.
"I didn't mean it literally!" John felt an odd need to defend himself even though Holmes wasn't really accusing him. And even if he was, he had no right to.
"If no one buys you, what do you think will happen? You won't be freed. You'll be sold to a factory in a batch. Do you want that?"
It was the voice of reason and logic he so often listened without question, without hesitation. And it
Their brief exchange was interrupted with an angry voice calling: "Hey! You. What are you doing out here?"
“Nine-nine-oh-ar-hyphen-seven-nine-slash-three-jay-three-a”, the slave recited quickly from memory, without needing to check his wrist where the ID was permanently tattooed, like a half of some kind of a bizarre wristband. His stigma, as the tattoo was commonly called.
John turned to look over his shoulder. The phone in the telephone box kept ringing, and if possible, it sounded even more demanding. Sighing John steeled himself, turned around and limped to the box, half expecting the ringing to stop any moment.
Eventually John stood up. Sherlock stole a glance, but quickly returned his good eye to the teacup. The other he still held the ice against.
How angry she had been. Not mad at him, no. She was the only one defending him. He had never seen such disappointment in Mycroft's eyes before. Never seen such hatred in his father's.
The slave sighed silently, finally turning to face him. “Holmes”, he said like it was the last thing he wanted to say out loud. Strange, one would imagine that normally a slave would have been happy to have decent name instead of something like Strawberry, Cocklicker or...Ravenhair.
Holmes brought him his drink and soundlessly sat back where he'd been sitting when John came back. The pasta indeed was a little darker in colour than it traditionally was supposed to be. Some looked like it had been soaked in the water for far too long, whereas some sounded like al dente gone wrong.
The news were unsettling. Four of his network were dead. What or whoever Moriarty was, they clearly did not appreciate people asking too many questions.
The money, the money...something about the money. Someone paying, a sponsor. Why a sponsor? Fan of him, fan of murder –no! Not relevant, not now. The money, where does it –of course!
He the clutched the phone still lying on his stomach and risked checking it to get something else to think of. There were no new messages. On the other side of the room, John grunted in his sleep. Sherlock hid the phone quickly. Clearly his owner had a set of past horrors of his own haunting him in his sleep.
They began preparing for the move. John had him pick up empty boxes from the nearby shops. His master didn't own much, and hadn't even unpacked everything since moving in. The doctor's current life until Saturday's murderer chase seemed terribly dull and stationary.
It was truthful enough. As long as he stayed away from cash machines that would react to his chip if he went too close and kept his stigma hidden, he passed easily as a citizen. Even so, he hadn't been able to beg or ask enough money for a phone call, let alone for a cab. The tube and the buses were entirely out of question for a chipped slave like him travelling alone without proper papers. Ones he didn't have anymore, now that his owner had changed. Not that he had been able to come to central London apart from a few special occasions while under master and mistress Summers's ownership.
For Sherlock February the 10th came and went, marking the beginning of his 23rd year as a slave. He didn't think of it much. Two days later, 12th marked the anniversary of the auction that sold him for the first time. Lying on his mattress he spared a thought for his brother. He hadn't sought him out, hadn't said anything to John. Before sleep took him, he murmured under his breath.
"Did your husband do that?" he asked before thinking of the possible consequences. While the bruise on her wrist was now hidden under her sleeve, she knew immediately what he was referring to.
As for the countries that have abolished slavery in this alternate universe, I picked them up because all of them were in the top on several different freedom, democracy and equality indexes I spent way too much time on reading. Plus I need at least Norway to be there. For reasons.
"Of what?" John startled. He had been watching and listening carefully, but was unprepared to be asked for an opinion. His slave smirked and pointed out he was doctor, so obviously the body.
"Please. No more. Please..." he begged between ragged breaths. The slave whimpered. He had slumped all the way down, supporting nearly all his weight on his left knee, left arm and head pressed against the wall.
John's gaze found the file still on the desk. "The viol– Yes, right. You have a violin. Can you play it?"
House burnt at night. The house slave's throat slashed open in the garden. The pet locked in the master bedroom's cupboard. Husband and wife in their bed. All three of them burnt to death. 11-year-old Carl Powers nowhere to be found.
"But apart from little soreness you seem perfectly alright. What about the potential buyer? Have you learnt anything new?"
"That was a long time ago," he snarled. It didn't count. "I'm sure you know how to show yourself out."
"He treated me as equal even after he learnt what I am," he told, not really knowing why he said it at all. Perhaps it was the drug in his system. "Eventually."
"Thank you," he replied like a good slave probably should have said in this situation. He felt hollow.
"You could, easily, if you had a job", Holmes insisted. "And you could always rent me for some extra", he added a bit reluctantly. "You can get me a work permit, I could work at night or when you're not home."
"No," Holmes denied immediately, clutching his violin case. His voice was hoarse and strained. "I don't know
"Northumberland Street," Holmes replied. He opened the door and was on his way while John still pulled on the jacket.
The conversation shifted to other subjects. How his week had been. How the job hunting was going on. Who he had met, what he had done with them. Had he been able to sleep. How he felt, always how he felt about things. By the time their session was over John felt mentally exhausted. He just felt tired. Tired of the therapy, tired of being here, tired of being tired and useless. He almost didn't feel like going to the interview he had arranged himself for a crime scene clean up. The job description had said they hired ex-soldiers and medics among with ex-firemen and other people who in general were used to stressful environment and gore.
He and the others near him were kept on display long into afternoon. Sherlock fought again and tried to run when he was released to be taken to the actual auction stage. Other slaves tried to hush him and calm him down. Their anxious, almost frightened state of mind was catching, and when it finally was Sherlock's turn to step forward to be auctioned he could only stand there like a deer in headlights. The room was full of people, all eyes were on him. Slaves wearing InS uniforms led him forward, made him turn around and kept an eye on him as the bidding began.
"I'll catch a serial killer," Holmes replied. He accepted the wine and threw it all over his face as his master watched in confusion. The slave dried his face just as Angelo returned to their table. Holmes smirked. "Headless nun."
"Well, they didn't." He sounded bitter even to his own ears. Damn Holmes. "Instead they gave me a rebellious, arrogant one."
John followed him. Clean plates and cutlery were on one end of the table, used bowls, cutting board and knives on the other. Holmes set the book down on the counter and started to gather the dishes.
He didn't know how much time had passed, but the next time Sherlock looked around, John had squatted down and was going through the late Jennifer Wilson's belongings.
I've just caught you a serial killer," he reminded. "Sort of. Also I'm in shock, as you yourself said. I'm no use to anyone right now."
I hope you enjoyed the chapter! If you have a moment to spare, please leave a comment and let me know of your thoughts. I'd like that. :)
"It isn't, though. I don't mean the clinical stuff. I don't care about your...muscle structure or– or the fact that you apparently speak fluent French."
do you want?" John nearly shouted as he flung the door open. The man at the door doubled back, but the other one behind him stepped closer, dragging a third man by his lapels and shoved him at John. John tried to catch and hold stumbling Holmes upright, but his slave tripped at the threshold and fell on the floor, dragging half of John's dressing gown with him.
It was by far the most awkward car ride ever for Mycroft and the most miserable one for Sherlock. Father was stoic and silent, mostly, and let their mother yell at him. It took a lot of prompting from her to get him say anything, but when he finally did, the fight only escalated. Later, Sherlock would remember the absolute disgust and loath dripping from her tongue. "You repel me," she'd said.
"The way you treat me gives it away. You didn't really want me and you feel –well not guilty for owning me, but
"Once", Holmes admitted. "He got a twelve-year slave keeping ban out of it, I had my potential emancipation date moved by twenty years. So Clara's your sister then?" the slave asked, changing the subject as well.
"Listen now, " John grunted, pressing him against the wall, pushing hard against his windpipe. "I'm a soldier–"
"No reason at all," he replied, bowed and disappeared into to kitchen, his bare arse and back red from the beating. John watched him fill the kettle through the window between the two rooms. He had plenty of time to change into pyjamas and sit at the edge of the bed until Holmes returned with a mug of steaming tea. He accepted it, trying his hardest to act casual with the naked slave standing in front of him, crotch very much in the line of his sight. He sipped the tea, ignoring Holmes the best he could.
"Yes, mistress. I will do as you command," he replied a bit shakily. He was terrified. He was to have sex with this woman, but he hadn't the slightest of an idea how he was supposed to do it right. He would have to ask Hannah.
The Sergeant gave him a pitying look. "Poor sod, I hope you can still have him changed", she muttered, then continued to her walkie-talkie: "Lestrade's found the freak, I'm bringing them in."
"I understand," Mrs Spedding assured. "I can see he's very fond of you. Loyalty is a good quality in a slave. Telling him sooner would've caused unnecessary stress for him."
"I'm 99OR-79/3J3A," Holmes slowly began with the individual part of the so called "oath". The words came out in a forced monotone, spoken between gritted teeth. There were many versions of the oath, but despite small differences, they were all essentially the same.
"No, I wouldn't have cared. He could be dead for all I care," Holmes replied with bitter anger. "But it's the official reason. A twelve-year slave keeping ban is better than a prison sentence."
"Because Ms Wilson was smart. I don't think she lost or forgot her phone. I think she left it with the murderer on purpose."
"You could try," the cabbie laughed. "You wouldn't even make it out of this room. Either you play or I choose for you and force it down your throat."
"Holmes..." John cringed, but no one seemed to care. Holmes wanted to know where the victim was and Lestrade was all too keen to show him upstairs to it.
"He's not paying a single penny for that freak," the smaller man half laughed, half scoffed. Without a warning he took a step closer, drawing a knife from his pocket. "You're the one paying."
But he kept his thoughts to himself. He didn't want to add to his slave's bad mood, nor did he want to worry him. In any case, M hadn't made any further attempts to contact him. Hopefully moving to Baker Street would permanently get them off his back.
He really should have. All the signs had been there. When a free man was attacked, most fought back, but a slave... A slave's first instinct was to become submissive. And that was exactly what Sherlock had done. He had allowed Hope to push himself against the wall, he hadn't fought or resisted having his arm seized.
great moment to say he actually really, really would prefer a female. Especially after that. He didn’t want an ill-behaving slave. He wouldn’t trust himself with a slave like that.
"You were reluctant to go. You looked at me differently. You seemed guilty. Especially after you were back."
"How long have you been helping the Yard?" John finally asked him the question that must have been on his tongue ever since Lestrade had showed up to take him. "You seem to know him well."
"Stop snivelling this instant, Holmes," Lydia ordered, pulling back the cane. "There are other ways of discipline than the cane."
He soon reappeared, trailing a woman perhaps in her late sixties or early seventies. She beckoned them in and as soon as the door had closed behind them, pulled Holmes into a tight embrace, which the slave returned awkwardly. John had no time to warn her or tell him off. He gaped at her.
The blanket and pillow he had purchased for Holmes on Friday were still in a bag under his bed, but because the slave had been behaving so well all day, it felt like a good moment to finally actually give them to Holmes that night. No law required John to give his slave either of them, although most people did present their slaves with more than the necessary space to sleep. Said space didn't need to be private. When it came to the slave's sleep and well-being, the law dictated several things: the space had to be large enough for the slave to sleep in fetal position. It had to be warm enough and undisturbed enough during the period of sleep for the slave to be able to rest, although all the details were vague as John had come to notice was the case with all the laws concerning any rights the slaves had. They could be bent easily.
He could tell himself a million times over that it was all transport —no matter who owned his body as long as he had his mind. But it wasn't true. There was no escaping the fact that he was a slave, nor did he try anymore. He accepted it, he truly did. But he hated it.
Mycroft sighed, closing his eyes for a second as if he were mentally counting to ten. "Has it not occurred to you that I might actually care for you?"
Sherlock sighed loudly. It took him considerable effort to sit up straight. Just walking here seemed to have completely drained him. He propped an elbow on the table to support his forehead with his hand to get a proper look at the bottle on the table. It did intrigue him.
They sat in silence for long minutes, each moment dragging on like a heavy weight. Sherlock cradled the warm cup in his free hand. His hand was large enough to envelop the fine china entirely.
"I'm hurt, Holmes. Where would you be without us, without me? I feed you. I clothe you. I've given you a place to stay. I educate you. I've given you everything and this is how you repay? I'm ashamed to have a slave as ungrateful as you."
It was laughable. Why would he fight? Why would he resist? He had no right to and the more agreeable he was the sooner it would be over. If only he could like it...
Sherlock opened his eyes. The holding room seemed uncharacteristically spacious due to the natural light pouring in from the small windows. It was a sunny day out there. He'd been to rooms with a layout identical to this one before, but it was his first time in a room with a window. Usually he'd been held in the underground rooms or on the other side of the corridors where the windowless rooms were just as dark. He didn't even need to share the four bed room after his “flat mate” had been taken away eight days ago. How lucky of him.
. I would've thought you just", he shrugged and waved his hand nonchalantly, "line them up and shoot them in the head."
And even if he could somehow miraculously find Mycroft, there was no home for them to go to. What good would it do for him to return when the house would be empty, his parents remained dead, their house slaves handed to others?
"Hello," he replied. Mummy had always told him to be polite. He attempted his best to stand still in the living room he'd been brought into. The man had gone, leaving him to this woman. She played violin, Sherlock could see it. And there had been a sign in the window by the door saying "violin lessons".
"I'm proud of you, Holmes. Even though I'm forced to sell you, my investment has paid off," she told, pulling away from him. She took his face between her hands and looked him in the eyes. "You should be happy. Your sale is the best possible way you can serve us."
"I bloody well hope so", John spat, slamming the door behind him. The car took off and he watched it until it turned away from the street. He'd been left neatly at his own front door, driven a circle around the neighbouring blocks. What on earth had that been about?
Last chapter seemed to stir a lot of feelings. I did think it might, but I was surprised by the amount of really well-thought and intelligent comments I got. Thank you very much. It’s a joy to read your comments and get to talk with you guys. I’m a little overwhelmed, but very, very happy for the interest and varying opinions. I hope you'll enjoy this chapter.
"Well, I didn't realise you'd take it literally", he exclaimed. He pinched the bridge of his nose and drew a deep breath.
Holmes seemed to pay more attention on picking his toast than his master's words, but said obediently: "As you wish."
What did people do when their slave disappeared? Should he call the police? Or InS? Should he wait and see if he came back?
Sherlock said nothing, just silently pulled the gloves over his hands and studied the small bottles on the table.
"You strike hard. I know to fear that now," he pointed out. "You treat me well –perhaps better than anyone has ever treated me, and I respect that. You are my master, so naturally I'll obey you best to my ability."
"What about the sauce?" John asked after a while of listening the uncooked spaghetti crunching in his slaves mouth. "You
Only none of his previous owners had ever forgotten his status and John had not bedded him yet. Perhaps Mycroft was right about that, too. Perhaps John thought he'd put up a fight.
The next day they headed for Baker Street. They took the tube, and arrived to the Baker Street station a little before the agreed half past four.
Seventeen, most likely. Judging by the size of the baby and by the fact that sixteen was the legal age for slaves to start having sex with their owners. At the time he had only recently passed the said milestone himself.
Sherlock woke up into the silent room. His heart was racing, blood rushing in his ears. For a moment it was the only sound he heard before he started registering the sounds of traffic from the streets, the noise the refrigerator made and the steady breathing of his owner across the room.
Holmes produced the said item from his pocket and handed it back to John. "I took it from you after the scene you made, just in case. Turns out I needed it."
He smiled briefly and pocketed the weapon. The lighting here was dim, but after his initial fright Sherlock had taken a better look at it, and he was fairly positive the "weapon" was nothing more than a toy.
"My sweet child," Lydia murmured and caressed his hair after Hunny had beat him on her orders. "My dear boy... I wish Hunny wouldn't have to do this to you. Why must you disobey us? Why do you keep running away? Your place is here with us. With me."
John knew he wouldn't get more out of him. Nor should he. Whatever his slave had witnessed in the hands of his previous owners was none of John's business, and Holmes should never reveal anything personal about his previous owners. John understood that, and accepted it. If he were to ever sell Holmes, he wouldn't want the slave to talk about him, either.
It was like everyone around them sighed of relief collectively and then returned to do whatever they'd been doing, pretending nothing had happened at all.
Holmes rolled his eyes. "I gathered evidence, she managed to make people listen. She had them recognise it was thanks to me he was ever convicted. As a reward I was granted a request, within some limitations, naturally."
Sherlock looked at John across the darkness. John was...interesting. He couldn't quite tell why. His master was just a plain, depressed soldier, yet there was something intriguing about him. It wasn't the way John treated him, not entirely. True, so far John had been far less violent and far more forgiving than some of his former owners, but John still drew a thick line between them. John was the master, he was a person. Sherlock was the slave, he was an object. Yet there was something about him that...fit.
"–I would do anything in my power to be kept," his brother continued uninterruptedly. "And so should you."
She moved to grip his shoulders and feel his arms, then brushed her hands against his chest. She rubbed his left nipple with her thumb. Sherlock kept his eyes cast down and closed them entirely as she continued to examine him. It reminded him of the time InS sold him. He had been far less agreeable back then, yelling at the potential buyers and pulling away from their touches. Doing any of that now seemed foolish and childish. He wouldn't embarrass his mistress. Blood rushed in his ears and his heart hammered in his chest as her hands traced down his back and further down on his buttocks. She hummed amusedly at his jumpy reaction when she grabbed both cheeks of his bottom.
Sherlock's legs nearly gave out, the street around them spun and the road under his feet didn't feel quite stable. Lifting his arm was a near impossibility and his fingers no longer had strength to hold onto Lestrade's phone. A needle. It stuck through the coat near his armpit.
He’d just been told the man had a history of attempted escapes. What wouldn’t be a better chance to try again than the tube? They would need to go to separate cars and all the slave would have to do would be to get off at a wrong station. When (and it was definitely
"Yes, master." Holmes's shoulders relaxed and he looked relieved. Perhaps he'd thought he'd gone too far by assuming they'd be sharing the bed tonight. It hadn't even crossed John's mind, truth to be told. Even if they were to have sex, which definitely wasn't tonight, he didn't think he'd like the slave to stay in the same bed. Holmes certainly hadn't earned the privilege, and even if he had, John just didn't want to share his bed with another man, slave or not.
John lowered the hand he hadn't realised he had raised. His slave's posture relaxed, but only a little. He leant back on his seat as well.
Sherlock closed his eyes. Mycroft's nagging voice in his mind reminded him of how John was a decent owner.
As was Holmes. He beamed on their way back and John couldn't help, but to smile as well. Holmes may have been difficult to deal with, but John just knew his initial thought had been right: Holmes was a real bargain. They stopped at a Chinese on their way and John treated Holmes a take away of his own. They'd just stepped out when John's phone chimed.
"An enemy," John clarified. "What do you mean you don't have friends? What about all your emails then?"
Never. Never, the 12-year-old him thought. No matter what happened, he would never find himself on the other side of that window. He would never have his blood stain those white tiles.
"I don't think more than few pounds an hour is realistic. Slave is typically the cheap choice. You could charge extra if I had to learn something new or stay after midnight."
"No, I didn't. No one did. Everybody knew, but no one wanted to make a scene of it. It was easier to just get a new slave. InS should know we were all involved with a slave's death, but no one was blamed for it."
It was easy money. How come everyone didn't rent their slaves? That's what John had thought. Tonight included he had rented Holmes six times in total. The fourth time had earned him enough, but it was
99OR-79/3J3A hadn't been born a slave despite being one for most of his life. He used to be a human being. His name had been William Sherlock Scott Holmes. His parents were of a wealthy background. His mother a celebrated mathematician, his father an artist. They had owned several slaves themselves. He had lived in a nice country house with his family until... Well. One wrong word uttered at the wrong moment had been enough to change that. But that was all far in the past now, none of it could be undone.
John stood hands clasped behind his back, watching them with slight concern rather than anger Sherlock normally would've expected from a master. The moment was eerily similar to that of almost five years before. He remembered talking with Lestrade and Donovan, then spotting his owner in the crowd. Their eyes had met, his master smirked and Sherlock had known only pain would await him. But it wasn't like that at all tonight.
"Change of plans", the slave said bluntly after reading the text. "We need to go to Lauriston Gardens, Brixton."
His master cleared his throat and Sherlock could imagine John's tongue darting out to lick his lower lip. Nervous. Uncertain. He'd been sitting on the computer all night, typing painstakingly slowly every so often. After finishing with the dishes Sherlock had thrown himself on the sofa, one leg over the armrest, one foot on the floor. Practically on display, but John had just frowned over his laptop. Oh he had looked at him, probably stared at him for minutes at a time while he lay with his eyes closed, but there was nothing carnal about his gaze. Mistress Summers would've smirked and walked right up to him to claim her property had he pulled the same stunt for her. She would have enjoyed combining sex and punishing him for daring to lounge on the sofa.
." The man sounded delighted. "Yes, exactly. Driving cabs doesn't make you rich. But every time I kill...money goes for my kids and the more I kill the more they'll get. Don't want them ending up like..."
it wasn't his fault. With any other owner, Sherlock would have insisted none of this was his fault. With any other owner, he would have expected to have been blamed anyway.
"He's not for sale", John said immediately. He surprised even himself by the confidence in his statement.
He tried calling for Holmes, but no reply came. Should he go in? Search the yard first? Holmes could be lying somewhere unconscious.
Sherlock's gaze lingered at his cupboard's door. He felt warm and comfortable here. His body felt sluggish and the duvet was heavy on him. It would be nice to get to stay and sleep here. Maybe it would be better to get it over and done with. Sooner or later it would happen, and the wait was surely worse than the routine it would become.
