A small smile hushed over Sherlock's lips. That was all he needed. Time was still something he could bargain for but he had his way in. "I'll see you then, detective." He smirked and turned around ready to leave the office.
“A little bird just told me you are done for the morning”, she closed the door behind her, habit of a doctor.
"Blood. Even you should be able to tell that it's blood."
Hello everyone, this is the last chapter of Act 1. I'll update again when all four chapters of Act 2 are written. See you then :) [btw thank you all for reading and to all who left feedback]
"Is there a way..."
“Waiting for you to come home” the ‘obviously’ was implied by the annoyed timbre which coloured the deep voice. For a moment John had to think whether the voice had been that deep at their first encounter, too. He even forgot all the questions that had whirled around his head, well almost.
"So, you are playing private detective. That is oddly endearing given your past", the devil chuckled.
“God they are stupid. How could they not have known it was the stepdaughter?”, Sherlock was bristling. It had been two months since he had been a frightened ball in the corner of John’s bedroom and now the doctor was practically pulling him away from the police station, all big gestures and booming voice. His thin frame puffed up in the big, grey coat John simply had to buy when he had come across it.
“As if I needed a key to get somewhere” Sherlock huffed and sat up, moving closer to the edge of the bed.
"Because I feel like wasting time. No, because I need to know why he does what he does. Why does he get all these people to make deals for him? What does he get from it? Shouldn't he have everything he needs by now? There were two victims in short succession. Doesn't a man have all he needs by now? There is something bigger behind this." Sherlock snapped, gnawing at his lips. He was still missing a vital piece.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and got up, "I help the police. With enough incentive and time frames Lestrade might let me dig through the archive. If any of your victims have been recorded, I will find them at NSY. Otherwise we will have to begin this case by waiting and I can tell none of us would appreciate that."
Sherlock was starting to feel pleasantly drowsy. It hadn't yet reached the deep tiredness which compelled you to rest. For now he was content just lounging on the couch and abusing John's talkative mood a little. He didn't quite know which event of the previous day had brought it on but he enjoyed the satisfaction of settling some of his curiosity. "There is one thing I still can't quite figure out, apart from your wonky powers." he hummed, letting his head role to the side so he could look at John, "If you didn't originate from religion, why did the cross stop you?"
"I'm sure you would have known if you were wasting your time" John chuckled, watching Sherlock who abruptly stood up again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and chuckled, “It’s not what I meant. I thought I could prove my point within three minutes and be done. But now I find there is so much I still haven’t figured out.”
"We can see about that" Lestrade nodded, having taken notes on their broad plan. He would have his work cut out for him.
“Well, for not wanting to bore me you are taking up a lot of time I could be using on my experiment, John”, the taller student said, looking down at John with one eyebrow perfectly arched upwards and the name drawn out with a smirk. It was the first time John actually took in the appearance before him. Obviously there were hushed descriptions running over the campus along with the various tales of what the Holmes boy seemingly got up to, aside from being a bloody brilliant student. Unlike other people in his year he had never felt the need to find out who was behind all the stories that were told behind closed doors, because no one dared to talk out loud, fearing some unknown wrath. So far, John thought Sherlock wasn’t so much different from the other students. Cotton T-Shirt hanging loosely off his shoulders, barefoot and in pyjama pants the other didn’t seem too frightening. John decided the rest of the student corps was being a bit dramatic and there was nothing dangerous about the infamous Sherlock Holmes, well perhaps with the exception of what was standing on the desk, labelled ‘Perchloric acid’.
Sherlock pressed his index finger against John’s still clothed chest. “You”, he began and let his finger circle over one pectoral muscle before drawing up over John’s neck towards his lips. The softness in his gaze kept John from pushing him away.  “How did you do this?” To John’s amazement there was no mockery in Sherlock’s voice. It seemed as if he honestly was looking for an answer.
“Of course, oh god, whatever you want”, John groaned, “Just go slow”
"You want me to write the contract now?" Sherlock asked, although more rhetorical. The intentions were pretty clear and his head was already running down the appropriate paths of his mind palace.
"Sherlock, I can't really tell you that" John sighed, rubbing his hand over his forehead "And it shouldn't even be relevant."
“Molly” he smiled gleefully “How was your break? Did something fun then?”
"It's not funny, don't ask how many people are actually surprised when they find out about it. It's a butt load of work." John grumbled but smirked, too.
Sherlock had to snicker at the comment. He was completely taken aback himself but he couldn't help himself.
"He managed to stay undetected for quite some time then."
With a sigh he pushed the door to his tiny flat close behind him. A year earlier and he might have been glad about the prospect of it all being over soon. But now, now he finally had found something worth his time. There was something to occupy his mind, calm his racing neurons, and now his body wanted to pull him away. Sherlock picked up the brown case file from his kitchen table and opened it. The murder was an old one but he was sure, something during the investigation had gone awry. It had taken Sherlock days to convince the inspector to let him take a look - well, days and getting 100% clean. Sherlock laughed bitterly as he threw the file across the room. He had given up his ten year drug habit three weeks ago and now it decided to kill him.
“If you must, grip the chair.” Sherlock said, his voice translating exactly how serious he was about the rules. John simply nodded, wanting to give an acknowledgement, and clasped his hands together.
“You know next time you could simply say that you wanted some, too.”, John hummed when he was finished, “I happily order you your share.”
“So you keep saying and then you continue to stalk me”, John hummed, taking a careful sip from his coffee. He always disliked the first one. You never knew how hot the liquid was and more often than not you ended up burning the tip of your tongue.
Sherlock nodded, trusting John completely and couldn’t help but moan at the feeling of the other’s cock dragging across his inner walls. The slight ache was gently smothered in sparks of absolute bliss. He realised that all the feelings were suddenly coming crashing over him, his eyes just pleading for help.
"Come off it Lestrade" Sherlock groaned, obviously impatient to get going "Whatever it is. I'm too useful for you. If John got through without you noticing, then it's your fault. So, go scream at your officers but I'm leaving now."
I said there were going to be 2 chapters, didn't I? Ehrm, let's say there are going to be 3 now. Sorry.
John just sighed, “I need a cup of tea. I’m exhausted and the wet weather is really rather uncomfortable. Do you want one too or are you going to disappear into your room again? What are you even doing there the whole time?”
There we go, done :) and now it's back to Recurring Past for me. Thank you for making this procrastination exercise of mine so enjoyable.
A guttural moan was pulled from Sherlock’s throat as came in hot ribbons over John’s hand. His body first going incredibly rigid, then relaxing completely as he panted and came back down from his high.
"Wouldn't want someone to feel uncomfortable" Sherlock murmured under his breath, raising his mug carefully to his lips. It really felt like he would need to settle in for quite the story. Who would have thought the devil was one for long chit chat.
Sherlock tilted his head as if he had no idea who the other was talking about.
There was nothing for it. Sherlock had to get through the night, hopefully allowing his body enough rest to start his new case in the morning. For the first time his explicit goal wasn't to catch a criminal but to get his soul back.
The question was a bit lost on John since all his senses seemed to have concentrated down to the points where the slim hands were touching his body. His arousal seemed to have taken back the control over his brain.
"I never get anything like that because usually people don't know my address." John pointed out.
“Don’t throw it away, you’ll need it” he smiled and after the younger had took it ruffled his hand through the other’s hair which just intensified the blush.
With a triumphant 'ah' John found an open window. He briefly raised an eyebrow at it because it was wide open but shrugged and clambered in nonetheless. Inside he looked around a little dumfounded that was not how he remembered Mike's living room.
“Not really, it about sums up your behaviour”, John shrugged.
"If he were a bit more observant, he would have cleared the ranks a lot quicker" Sherlock just shrugged, having to agree with John. Lestrade was one of the smartest detectives the Yard had and not only because he let him in on cases.
John needed a moment to digest Sherlock's words. Then he needed another moment to reign himself in and only let his voice go grave. He still could not afford to do any worse, he needed to stay in control. ”You don't deserve to solve this case."
Sherlock positively whined at the loss of contact and the receding potent smell of Alpha. The parts of his skin that had shortly come into contact with John’s hand still felt like flames were licking at them. His body was burning up from the inside out. The knowledge of lying in an Alpha’s bed just made him gasp and grind down even more. Hastily he pulled off what little clothes he was wearing and squirmed against the soft feeling of cotton sheets along the length of his body. His head turned back into the pillow of its own accord, eyes fluttering close at the heavy smell he encountered. So far he had spent his heats in the confines of his room where it all just smelled like himself. Nothing like this, where every breath he took just seemed to settle the ache deeper and harder within him.
"Prove it", Sherlock quickly stepped back and threw a hard, calculating gaze at the other, "I'm not telling you anything until you prove who you are."
"Argh… this is just undignified" Sherlock cursed and pressed his hand to his thigh just above the wound. Walking up the stairs to 221B had been slow and painful. It didn't bode well with Sherlock's already irritable mood.
“Wrong”, Sherlock sat up with one fluid, well timed motion, “You have all the time in the world. You brought those books but we both know you won’t actually take a good look at them until about three days before you have to hand them back in, perhaps you’ll even extend the period of loan. What you had planned for you afternoon was to watch some crap telly or sleep and those things don’t count as ‘being busy’ because they are stupid things to do with your time.”
“Heat came early.”, the Omega licked his lips, moistening them.
John swallowed. Lying in the dark, he wished he too could succumb to a state of unconsciousness just to evade the thoughts in his head. There was no way out for them, no way forward, nothing that would make this any more bearable. John knew he had however long Sherlock needed to take down Moriarty and then he would be back to his eternity. A few weeks perhaps of what he longed for, of what strangely made him happy and not loath himself and then it was the same old for the next leg of forever. The only difference would be that then he would know how different it could be and he wasn't sure if the memories would ease the pain or ultimately be his downfall.
John hummed and started reading. He quickly was surprised at the report he had picked up. The file described a quite vicious murder. Then it went into detail about how it was solved. John was doubtless Sherlock hadn't written it. For that it was too descriptive, not at all in the style the detective wrote his blog in. Still, John couldn't help but marvel at the reasoning process described. It appeared all so easy and obvious when laid out that way. Nevertheless, he was certain that presented with the same evidence, he wouldn't have managed anything close to Sherlock's feat without cheating a bit.
“You just what?” the other pulled off a pair of disposable gloves and came closer. “Let's see your posture, the way your eyes are lightly glazed over, the definite slowness with which your brain is responding... We'll you don't have to be me to find out you're pretty drunk.”
Sherlock woke the next morning with a piercing pain shooting through his leg. He groaned, aware that the effects of his pain reliefs had completely worn off overnight. It wasn't the sort of pain that sometimes made him think faster, think better. It was all encompassing and bloody distracting.
.” she told him.
With a smile that said ‘see, works well like this, doesn’t it?’ John turned to the counter and ordered their drinks before walking towards a quiet corner to pull out a chair. “Sit down and then we can talk about this”
He didn’t really want to think too much about what had happened. But god, that image would be burned into his mind forever. He was entirely sure that his eyes must have been as big as saucers as he watched the dancer, his bloody neighbour, writhe in front of them. Surely there had been nothing to suggest that profession, had there? John didn’t think he was that blind. He had been meeting this man every morning for the past three months now. How could he never have noticed a hint at the other’s day or better night job?
"Don’t go on. Just let me believe you wouldn't do it" Lestrade interjected quickly, "Any ideas yet?"
Therefore he asked for clarification “Interesting?”
"Well, I hope they were worth it", he said, setting his jaw firmly.
“God, you really are a beauty”, John said, his eyes hungrily taking in the sight. The pale skin was adorned with a pink flush, the dark curls in complete disarray, Sherlock’s lips shiny from their kisses and there was the pretty cock curving upwards, making John’s mouth water.
“Sorry, really I am so sorry. I should have..”
Sherlock thought for a moment then nodded and kicked off the blanket, "Help me up and then we can figure something out. I believe I can use the living room to organise the case at least for today. Tomorrow will be another matter."
“You know that term is distasteful” she just shrugged.
The dark haired man let out a barking laugh, “I don't want to fight you, I'd just like an answer to my question but if you don't want to answer I can gladly go on.” he gave John a short time to pull himself together and to compose an answer. The students mind had caught up enough, the alcohol induced haze gone and he cleared his throat, “Eh, long story short: Wanted to kip on a friend's couch, he told me he'd leave the window open so I could get in and I miscounted.” John rubbed his hand over his neck, biting his lip, “Sorry for interrupting... I... do I know you? I feel like I should but yeah you already know I had a beer too much.”
"It's not just your soul against 'everything you ask for'" the devil actually used air quotes, "It's your soul and whatever else we see fit regarding the enormity of your wish. Besides, not everything is payable by a human, otherwise we would have a lot of people without souls ruling the world."
“No”, Sherlock smirked and put his hand on John’s shoulder, not letting himself be brushed off. “Stay here, please.”
That was when Sherlock started to pay attention to what was being said instead of the questions in his mind. They were pushed right to the back, to be investigated after this was over.
“Oh you have definitely nothing to be ashamed of.”, he purred and ran two fingers up the underside of Sherlock’s cock, “Everything about you is bloody perfect.”
"Sorry, but they do sound to be magic. There is no scientific answer for what you're doing." Sherlock hummed, desperately trying to shift his awareness away from his aching leg.
"Is he now?" Sherlock asked a lot more interested and focussed on what John was saying than the background noise of the new clues whirling around in his head. "What exactly have his deals been for?"
"You managed to get shot. How on earth will that ever count as not acting?"
“What? Why are you laughing?” Sherlock asked confused still trying to break free of John’s hold.
"How often do you personally make deals?"
"Well, thanks to your superb policing skills, there actually is" Sherlock snarled back, quickly sweeping his look once across her body, "And do tell Anderson to give his wife my regards when she returns from her trip." He used Sally's surprise to pull himself out of her grip and continue on towards his initial destination. Of course the possibility had been there but Sherlock had hoped that he wouldn't have to face her right the first time he brought John along. Somehow, it felt important how John perceived him in his chosen work space and that wasn't a road he wanted to explore deeper.
"Which means you actually all exists, meaning God and the Devil, Angels and the whole lot but you didn't do the things you've been said to have done?" Sherlock had a hard time wrapping his head around the concept. Accepting that certain things existed was easy but disengaging them from any religious meaning turned out to be complicated.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nope”, John grinned and pulled Sherlock close enough so the other couldn’t move, “We can sort that out in a minute or I can, on my own.”
"Nope" John shook his head and poured some hot water into a cup for Sherlock "I just call them back to where they belong and that's that. No need to sit in a big metal tube floating over a big ocean before getting into a smaller metal tube that has to land somewhere in the middle of the forest." He brought the tea over to the sitting room. There was a short glimpse of something on Sherlock's face, but John wasn't quick enough to decipher it before it had vanished.
"If I ever made a deal, it would only be with the devil himself."
"I couldn't really leave you there, could I?" he tried.
John chuckled and shook his head. It was a very far flung idea but since he put Sherlock on the case, the other had taken the strands and weaved them to a coherent whole further than anyone. It had taken him a week to get closer to an answer than anyone before. John looked at how animated Sherlock spoke to the DI and wondered if it was always like this. Sherlock swooping in like an unearthly hero and using the most minimalists clues to solve whatever problem you put in front of him. John was glad that all these years back, he had taken the call. It had just been to get out a bit and have a laugh. Turned out he met someone with an incredibly rare talent and the determination to stand up to him. Perhaps this case wouldn't just be annoying. Seeing Sherlock work might be the most fun he had had in eons. Now he wanted to see if the little vermin who had been bugging him would have just as much fun. He was the devil, he was allowed to be petty and vengeful.
"I help the police when they are out of their depth, which is always", he explained. For the devil the other was incredibly slow, Sherlock doubted for a moment if this had been a good idea.
"That's why you need the deal? To finish that investigation?"
"I realised it too late myself. I was too focused on Moriarty." Sherlock was annoyed with his lack of focus which had gotten him into this situation. How could he have been this lacklustre in observing his surroundings? He made a living of seeing more than anyone else. It shouldn't have been possible for him to blunder into that trap like any old idiot.
The Consulate on the
Inside…
I couldn’t argue with him. It had been low tide with me from lack of sleep and the strain to my nerves. The damage to my lungs from gas in the last war wasn’t helping and, I had to admit, there was much that appealed in the thought of sunshine, flowers, and the deep blue sea—this scepter’d isle can be damned cold and foggy place in November.
Rick’s Café Américain was clean, elegant and well managed. There was a strong Mediterranean feel to the place and the clientele, though primarily expatriates, was pleasantly polyglot. There is no place like it in the States, of course but, in many respects, it was entirely American: my waiter was Hungarian, the bartender was Russian, the Croupier was from Bulgaria, the piano player had been born in Louisiana, and the owner was from Queens.
“Mr. Armistead…? What an unexpected pleasure; how delightful to see you again.” The hesitation in his voice had been barely discernable.
And, suddenly, I was having a vividly visceral impression of the mud of the Salient as it had been in November of ’17. Stinking of decaying bodies, it clung to my boots, encased my body in its clayey grip, and sucked me down. It felt as if I were suffocating. The attack lasted thirty seconds, a minute at the most; I should have timed it.
“Where?” he demanded.
I was only reciting a fact. All the benefits pertaining to Mr. Ellerman’s whiskey had long since evaporated, and I felt chill and distant. I do not know what Renault saw reflected in my eyes, that caused him to blanch, but the acrid smell grew stronger.
The pig had caught sight of one tiny truffle and was afraid of losing it.
“This mission requires your special experience and skill,” said Holmes.
“Looking for you, Doctor,” she said. “Here, you go up and have a nice lie down, before you break me mum’s good china cup. He’ll either be back, or he won’t.”
“Yes, I know,” Ugarte said.
“It’s nothing,” he said. “Delilah is the friend I mentioned. Come and meet her?”
Even in my brief time in Casablanca, I had learned that the Sûreté had its tracks and ran on them—it was understood; it was how things worked—and now that I had upset Renault’s applecart, I needed to see what else I could overturn.
“A bee in your bonnet,” I said, and threw the dice.
I didn’t have to elaborate on what I thought; Holmes knew. It was no secret that I admired Mr. Roosevelt for not knuckling under to the isolationists in his government.
“Sounds like an invitation to mayhem,” I said. “Teach him to say something else.”
“No.” He put his hands behind his head and stretched out his legs. “If I must be stoic, so must you. It will teach you not to make frivolous bets.”
“And what is that?”
Back at the Transatlantique, I found that the short gray hair that I had glued across the crack below the door handle with a touch of spit was gone. Someone had entered my room and tossed my things while I was out. Since they made a neat job of it, and nothing was missing, I failed to mention the incident to the concierge later when I asked him to recommend a restaurant for dinner.
“Magazine articles. Sounds Bolshi, from what he said, but he’s that young. Wants to be a novelist.” I was not even tempted to chuckle. “Sent his first manuscript to a publisher in London last year.”
The whole gang—now including Jakov—turned to Ugarte, who had crossed his arms, and was declining to intervene for reasons of his own.
I lay under a slowly turning fan that night and reviewed the things I needed to accomplish in the coming weeks. I had a list of spice brokers to contact, I intended to become thoroughly acquainted with the city and its people…and rest. Laying there, I realized how tired I was; I wished that Holmes was there with me.
“I don’t know what that means. I am exactly what I appear to be. Perhaps, Mr. Armistead, it’s best if we say nothing, and proceed ‘as if’. Harold indicates that he would like me to assist you; that is good enough, so why don’t you tell me what I can do for you.”
I drank—and choked and coughed and sputtered—and nearly dropped the glass. “Thass…”
“Just a rumor you understand. But I’ve heard there’s an engineer, a Frenchman—he too is married to an American woman, like yourself—who intends to build a pipeline for oil across the Sahara. The survey is done; the Germans like the idea; all that is needed is money. Can you imagine how many men it would take to build a pipeline across the Sahara? The cost of their food, and water…?”
He pretended to be disappointed. “That’s not…what do you say…cricket. It’s the custom in Morocco to haggle, until we reach a mutually agreeable bargain.”
Fortunately, he had befriended the four Brits by then and, learning they intended to escape to North Africa, convinced them they needed to take him along as their interpreter, he did speak Arabic, after all. With his help they obtained Foreign Legion uniforms and forged papers that identified them as Yugoslavs to be discharged in Casablanca.
The desk stand was an older style and I had to jiggle the hook a number of times; finally, it connected, and I was able to ring through.
Kordt was a beautiful creature, but I was not infatuated with him; Ugarte was. I did not ask him what he intended to do; it wouldn’t have helped. We arranged to meet the next day.
I never saw the letter Goold wrote but, along with with Kordt’s Emergency Certificate, Ellerman gave me back the card on which Goold had scribbled that brief message. A phone number had been added to the bottom. I still have it, somewhere.
London in August can feel as sultry as Bombay. I recall the summer of 1894, particularly, when Baker Street was ripe with the inevitable byproduct of horse drawn vehicles, and tar oozed between the wooden paving blocks in the street.
“Thank you, Mr. Armstead! Thank you,” Ugarte cried. “You won’t regret it.”
At least, I tried to work on my accounts. The rat-ta-tap-tap of Holmes’ fingers on the armrest of the chair made it impossible to concentrate.
Fortunately, a clerk shortly brought the exit visas and I was free to depart.
Whenever I returned to my room, I never knew what I find there, or not, as the case may be. My Scotch tweeds replaced with light wools? My personal effects swapped for similar items with American labels? It was a very thorough turn around and took some getting used to. While not as bad as swotting the subtleties of Chinese porcelain in a day, it’s hardly surprising any thought of the stranger on the dock went clean out of my mind.
The banner informed me that the German Army was pushing closer to the gates of Moscow. Below it, I learned the Japanese had sent assurances to Cordell Hull that troop movements in French Indo-China were merely precautionary, that Senator Greenberg was reiterating his request for a deferment of the draft, and six Senate Republicans were calling FDR changing the date of Thanksgiving a ‘high-handed insult to the memory of Lincoln’.
At this point, they all piped up again, demanding to know what I could do to help them home to Blighty.
It was mid-afternoon, by the time I told the ever-patient taxi driver to take me back to the Transatlantique. We were almost there when I changed my mind; if there was anywhere in Casablanca where the phones were more likely to be bugged…
Before I could protest his generosity or, depending on how one looked at it, his high handedness, Ferrari had touched his heart and his head, and vanished like Alice’s caterpillar.
“Not long. You slipped earlier and called me John.”
“Bloody hell! No!” Ferrari raised his hand, and I thought the backgammon board was going to hit the floor again.
Mrs. ‘Arris’s nephew said that he would make it right with Bart’s.
—only two blocks away but, if it was exotic entertainment—something different, if I knew what he meant (I knew) there was the Blue Parrot on the
“And does I?” said Holmes, just as I struck a line under the pitiful total.
It is impossible to describe the shock of stumbling out of a wet shelter after a sleepless night to find the world reduced to rubble. The butcher, the baker, the green grocer, and the furniture store showrooms—all fixtures of Baker Street— were gone. Houses were gutted.
“Pluck my feathers,” cried Blue Peter. “Pluck my feathers.”
The Blue Parrot was more cosmopolitan than Rick’s, where the clientele and entertainment were entirely western. There was a scattering of Europeans in the Blue Parrot, but there were also Moroccans, Turks and Moriscos, as well as Arabs. No women, of course. The tables were arranged around a low stage, so I presumed there was belly dancing in the evenings.
hot?”
“I did.”
” Hurriedly, ‘Delilah’ wiped the cold cream from his hands and offered one to me, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. “I’m so very pleased to meet you. Jakov Kordt. Please, call me Jakov.”
“How long have you been having me followed?”
“This should be interesting,” I said.
I had him bring me to the Blue Parrot and when I walked in Ferrari was behind the counter with Umar. He called, “George! You’re just in time,” and pointed to the table where the backgammon board was set up. “We can finish the match, and I want to talk to you.”
“Knock on the ceiling. They went on quite a bender after you left last night; they’re sleeping it off upstairs.” Ferrari looked troubled “Just so you know, someone took the trouble of having Jimsy beaten within an inch of his life. I can’t say I blame them, but it was excessive. Again, dare I ask why you’re throwing yourself into Ugarte’s arms? It seems precipitous.”
“One thousand,” I said.
“I have to,” he explained. “They’re incorrigible, pickpockets and thieves.”
It’s true that there are times when he’s a complete twat, and I wonder at myself for putting up with him. Yet, when a man’s heart recognizes his superior and master, he longs to join with him and submit to his will. It’s perfectly natural, especially when you discover he bought the tickets to Inverness two days ago.
“What’s the catch?”
“You’re growing cynical, old friend. Do you recall, when the French government was in complete disarray after Dunkirk?”
“Then he knows what he has to do.”
“A splash of soda, I believe.” He was smiling as he handed me one.
“That’s ridiculous—paltry—given the urgency of your request.” Renault looked honestly appalled. “Be realistic Mr. Armistead, you walk in here asking for for something that takes weeks to process. I need to look into these names…investigate them…make sure these people are not socially undesirable.”
“Finish me off!” I bellowed and cursed, but he knew the right moment to let me feel him nudging the entrance to my body, before he pushed home.
At that time, Lisbon was the last open capital of Europe and, as a result it was a primary goal for refugees, and a hot bed of spies. Holmes and I were driven to the Avenida Palace Hotel and were not permitted to leave for three days.
“Stop! I don’t need anything! What are you doing here, anyway?”
“I like rocky beaches. I have a great affection for rocky beaches.”
What did happen was that two hours later we were over the English Channel and on our way to Lisbon in a Short Sunderland Flying Boat.
“Snake! Look out for the snake!” I was backed up against the dresser and pointing.
“I’m not the only one. You’re a rare bird in these parts, John.”
I had started gathering up the scattered counters, when in he strode carrying Blue Peter on his perch.
I reached to stop him and then froze because that was the moment that the snake lifted its squat diamond head. Its neck was puffed out, and it fixed me with its dreadful black unfeeling gaze. I went cold, as if it had stung me.
Holmes has often informed me that I’m an accurate observer, but too often fail to see the forest for the trees. I will tell you, knew I was followed as I returned to my hotel. I decided to follow the concierge’s suggestion to not linger in the streets after dark.
I fumbled in my coat, recovered Mr. Goold’s letter, and gave it to Ellerman.
I remembered how he had dressed himself fully before coming to wake me on the morning Miss Stoner came to Baker Street to beg his help. And how he had introduced me as ‘my intimate friend and associate, Dr. Watson, before whom you may speak as freely as before myself.’
“I can’t hear you!” I shouted.
In all that time, I did not hear a word from Ugarte.
Everything changed the night Ferrari mentioned he expected a crowd that night; some of his dancers were back after a month performing in Tangiers. There was one, he said, who was something out of the ordinary. Watching
“And my hand,” said Holmes.
I dined the once or twice in the Transatlantique’s dining room. I saw the chief of the Sûreté, Commander Renault there—Mr. Aldani pointed him out to me—he was with a lady whom I recognized. It was the young woman I had seen in the American Consulate, taking two children by the hand. I learned a great deal about Captain Renault from Mr. Aldani. He was known to provide exit visas for a consideration, especially if one were a beautiful woman.
“Oh!” I caught my breath, as I realized. “Oh, God!” I was pointing at my tie coiled on the floor. I gasped and, in a sudden burst of relief, let out a quick bark of laughter. “I saw it slide over the bed rail. It looked like a cobra! Ever since India… I hate snakes!”
“Find it soon!” Ferrari swept into the room then and rounded furiously on the soldiers. “Were you mantee boys deliberately trying to cause a riot? Why not go tell Captain Renault you want him to shut me down and ruin my business? Oh, you think it’s funny, do you! Out! Out! The lot of you! Get out of here! You! You!” He shoved the Brits toward the door. Kordt he seized by the arm. “Not you!”
As I walked along, I knew to avoid the eyes of veiled women, and importuning beggars sitting against the walls. I pitied them, though. Trachoma was rampant in the region, and most of them were blind.
I braced myself, walked up to one of the soldiers and told him that I was an American citizen there to see the Consul General. He went away and, when he returned, I was escorted straight into the Consul General’s office.
“Does your wife know you patronize such places as the Blue Parrot.”
Ugarte didn’t miss a beat. “Perhaps you forgot,” he said. “There are so many things to remember when you’re a stranger in a strange place; little things slip your mind; or so I imagine. It was very kind of you to do that, you know. Talk to a stranger, I mean, Mr. Armistead. You’re in the spice business, yes?”
“What’s that Doctor?”
“The speckled band!” I whispered, as Holmes took a step forward.
“Why do you think that is?”
I can’t tell you how much I was looking forward to a bit of fresh ham when the star of our pig club got the old chippy-chop. She had organized everything, I cannot say too much of the miracles she wrought with our ration books. Who was it who queued up for hours for an ounce of tea?
“Of course,” my unwanted friend, said, “Signor Armistead allow me to introduce our host, Signor Ferrari. Signor Armistead is an American.”
wants to go fishing very much.”
The only time I saw him behave in a manner less than courteous to anyone was when a dirty little street urchin came to the Blue Parrot, trying to sell wormy dates. Ferrari drove him off with a kick.
“Thank you.” I toasted him and took a deep gulp, letting it dissolve my stress. “That helps. I confess.” I sighed. “This is the last thing I expected. I don’t know what to say. Are you one of Mrs. ‘Arris’s nephews?”
Suddenly, I was shivering because of the surge of warmth were flooding through me. I wanted to consume him, and to be consumed by him. To possess him. To know him intimately in every possible way. I realized he must be feeling my hardness through the combination. I could feel that the let cotton was wet, and that brought me up short. If he wasn’t repulsed by the evidence of physical passion, this was still Sherlock Holmes, the most rational of men. I did not want to be a case study. I drew back and looked into his eyes for a clue.
Mr. Ellerman looked to be a man about forty-something, although he could have been older; his expression was severe, his face essentially unlined, and his hair, which he wore slicked back, was so pale a blond that it would have barely shown if there had been any silver in it at all. He was seated at a massive desk and had half-arisen as I entered.
Holmes half-closed his eyes and shuddered elaborately. “I think not.”
I found a place to stand at the bar, wagged my fingers at the barman, and tuned into to the strands of conversation around me, while I waited for my drink.
We found Delilah, sitting in front of a mirror, removing her make up… No, there are times when my mind still plays that trick on me. We found a golden young man—the legionnaire that I had seen at Rick’s—sitting in front of the mirror, removing Delilah’s make up.
It was late afternoon when I checked into the Hôtel Transatlantique. I was exhausted, but a long, deliciously hot shower in a beautifully tiled stall refreshed me, and I went out to take a walk and to begin to familiarize myself with the city.
That his amusement at my expense was well deserved but didn’t make it any more pleasant to tolerate. I had been looking forward to a week’s fishing in Scotland; since that had been rendered impractical, the only relief I could find from the heat, as well the oppressive atmosphere in our sitting room, was to spend part of the day at the new swimming baths.
“Your drinks.”
“Oh,” I jumped, and huffed. “Must you?! I didn’t see you come in.”
“I should think it would prohibitive,” I said.
Arriving at our table with drink in hand, he almost spilled it when Blue Peter lunged at him. “Does this creature need to be here?”
“I should have realized. My apologies, I wondered why…” Ellerman began pulling forms out of his desk. “It’s a good book and I am very willing to sign my name to an Emergency Certificate, for Herr Kordt’s contribution to English letters. He will probably be arrested as soon as he arrives in England; I doubt he’ll care about that.” I could tell Ellerman was talking to me as much as to himself. “This war is a crime. There are so many writers, whose work I have missed. One, in particular, from whom I would love a new story.”
I didn’t see the greasy little man who had spoken to me in front of the consulate until he was beside me. “My American acquaintance,” he said. “How nice to see you again.”
“You were speaking of the last war.”
The Holy Prophet Muhammad (peace and the blessings of Allah be upon him) said that wine is an infamy of Satan; I went inside and ordered whiskey.
I had almost determined to go back to the hotel and try another day, when a man who was passing by stopped and spoke to me.
Personally, I welcomed the break, but after a week’s rest Holmes began to take the lack of felonious enterprise as a personal affront. Mental stagnation was anathema to his nature; he was not a patient man at the best of times and, with no case to occupy him, a petulant streak in his nature emerged that had the effect of making him a very trying companion, indeed. The morning to which I refer, the mercury had already topped ninety.
“And subject myself to the sight of all those hairy shanks and bell-ends? I shudder at the thought. You know that if you hadn’t—”
“The Vichy French? Did you forget about them? I’m sure they’ll be over the moon, having two Englishmen drop in for tiffin.”
“Unlike yourself,” I said.
“No. If you want them, take them yourself.”
“What you?” I wasn’t pleased. “What are you doing here? Did you follow me?”
The next day, I took a taxi to the American Consulate. The crowd in front of it was as large as it had ever been, and I told the driver to wait. As before, I was admitted to the Consul General’s office.
“I take your point,” he said. “A thousand dollars, you said, I believe.”
Renault picked up the certificates again and rifled through them. One ‘seemed’ to catch his eye; at least, he raised a brow. He said, “Does your wife know what goes on in places like the Blue Parrot?”
. Goold had merely scribbled
“Nothing,” said he. “There is nothing anyone can do. One of them has no nationality anymore, and the other is Spanish; if she’s sent home, Franco will have her executed. Did you have a chance to consider the problem we discussed last night?”
“So I am,” said I. And went into the bedroom and began to undress. Unthinking, I pulled off my tie. It was a beige silk affair with brownish red spots, and I draped it over the turned foot rail. I was removing my trousers, stripping down to the light combination in which I intended to sleep, when the flame in the oil lamp began to gutter. I arranged the trousers over the back of a chair, and went to adjust the wick. Tired, clumsy, I turned the screw too far. The flame blazed bright and, out of the corner of my eye, I saw something slide over the foot of the bed. It dropped to the floor, I let out a hoarse cry and Holmes came running.
This did not bode well for the day. To distract him, I said, “Why don’t you come to the swimming baths with me? We could get some hokey-pokey after.”
“Exactly,” he said.
“And this is your first trip to Casablanca?”
“Go to bed, Watson,” Holmes said. “You’re done in.”
I pushed in amongst them to make certain that he wasn’t seriously hurt. “Doctor,” I said, “I’m a doctor!” and, looking me, straight in eye, he said,
That was not the place I expected to hear Cockney rhyming slang. I backed to get out of the way of his friends, who started hauling him to the door.
I was rather pleased with it; I had come up with it myself and it had made the real George Armistead laugh when we were discussing my
“Welcome to Casablanca,” said Ferrari. “How did you meet my friend Ugarte?”
It felt strange being cleanshaven for the first time in—well, since I could recall—and I wondered if it altered my appearance as much as longer hair did to Holmes’.
On 15 November, at three in the morning, you would have found both of us sitting at the corner of her work table, drinking tea and rum and becoming quite righteous as to the state of things that couldn’t be helped.
“What everyone in Casablanca wants—a transit visa, of course.”
With the town empty, it seemed London’s criminal element decided to lie back, as well. Until that point it had been busy summer for my friend; the newspapers were still trumpeting the return of the Duchess of Grantham’s emeralds when the knocker fell still.
“Now you’re Pepe Le Moko?”
“How do you know they’re a secret lot,” said I, when I’d stopped yawning.
They been part of a group of sixty who were captured when the Germans separated the BEF from the French First Army near Armentières. The whole group had escaped and split up. These four had made their way south with the help of a succession of French farmers and had reached Marseilles in time to hear of the raid on Mers-el-Kébir. Needless to say, they were promptly detained.
Sherlock leaned back slightly to get a clear line of sight towards John and shot him a look of 'Why did you tell him that? Now we're not getting out of a lecture.' John just shrugged with what hopefully counted as an apologetic facial expression. How should he have known that Sherlock hadn't told the DI what had transpired. Although in hindsight, why would Sherlock tell the DI when he had gone off to do something he had been explicitly forbidden to do?
Before John could react with anything more than a surprised expression, the other had turned around and was walking towards his own door.
“STD tested three weeks ago” Sherlock hummed and fluttered his eyelashes.
“And why couldn’t you have done that, I don’t know, outside? Like anyone else? Who has let you in by the way and how exactly did you get into my room? I locked it this morning” slightly annoyed John put his bag and keys down.
The last words were spoken with emphasis. Sherlock would have to still figure out how much exactly he would need to be involved to fulfil his contract but it was better to give Lestrade the information as a requirement.
The doctor was kneeling next to the bed, “Do you think you can stay with me for a bit longer? We need to get a few things into you, okay? I’ll be right back, don’t worry you’re safe here.”
"Oh, yes sure" Lestrade nodded and turned around quickly so Sherlock could follow him inside. "He was found by housekeeping who heard sounds from a flat that is vacant at the moment. When they came in to check, he was already dead. They called immediately. Since they were showing the flat to possible tenants until 6 pm yesterday evening, it narrows time of death down to approximately the last nine hours."
Everyone rejoice at the end of the week there will be the final chapter aka the long one with the scene I had originally intended to be part of the first chapter making this a One Shot but then there was plot and then I was to lazy to write more plot. :)
“And I’m not your landlady, dear.”
“Please, don’t leave me again.”, Sherlock whined, not only was his heat coming on stronger now that the Alpha’s smell was so near but he also got desperate. It was obvious that his plan wasn’t working and he knew that if John left the room now, he wouldn’t get another chance. “Please, not after last night. Don’t make me go through this alone again.”
Sherlock just huffed.
“Oh yes, right. The point was you telling me why you stalked me for two weeks and then stopped as if I suddenly got infected with an airborne disease.”
"You made it very clear that should you ever make a deal, you would only do so with me", the man said nonchalantly walking around Sherlock further into his meagre flat, "I had a spot of free time so I'm indulging you."
John observed how the DI hesitated a moment but then took the files, pulling them all open to look at what Sherlock had brought. The man really trusted the other. John himself had felt like the victims had been selected utterly at random. It miffed him a bit that he couldn't figure this out and needed help. As it seemed though, he really had come to the right person. Sherlock seemed to have his hands in all the right pots and John felt almost glad, he might be able to grant him a little more time doing what he was clearly good at.
"Caught yourself again?" John asked after a very tense cab ride to Baker Street.
“They should be”, Sherlock simply shrugged and somehow the topic was through with that. It was nearly unbelievable at what John was staring but then there were some quite real aches to convince him that no, this was not a dream. He had just fucked the nuisance extraordinaire and he doubted there was much that could stop him from doing it again.
Sherlock chuckled softly and John wasn't certain why that sound made him feel all warm and gooey inside. Whatever happened, he really couldn't let any of this transpire to anyone he was working with or he would be ridiculed for centuries to come. Earlier this might have deterred him from the route he was steering towards but now, Sherlock well and truly had him not caring about appearances anymore.
John growled, finally having found a small suitcase that did not belong to him, “Yes, I like a challenge in form of a surgery with the odds against me or a good chess match. Gladly, I also take on a rugby challenge or who can do more push ups in a minute but I do not like having a boy, and don’t tell me he is anything more, frightened to death in my bedroom. I can look after myself and apparently you haven’t wasted a thought to the small matter that I might not at all like this preposterous tradition of parading your wealth by fucking collaring a human being.”
Hello there, we're nearly at the end... well with that I mean: We would be nearly at the end if I managed to write the last chapter. With any luck I'm done with it by the weekend [that's the goal] but I'm not leaving you on a cliffhanger so it should be fine :)
"Okay" John said and returned to kissing Sherlock. He was aware that they wouldn't go far tonight but it wouldn’t hinder him from ensuring Sherlock was sufficiently distracted from his day thus far. Sherlock's body was too beaten up and John wasn't entirely sure yet that the other's mind was completely comprehending the effects this could have. They would just take it slow which didn't bother him one bit. What he had missed in all these years was the type of closeness he was now sharing with Sherlock and he was happily lapping up every second of it, not expecting anything to be more than it already was.
“But you want me.”, Sherlock mumbled in a haze of heat hormones, “This is what I’m here for, to be fucked by you. I know you want it. Please, I’m so wet, I need you.”
“Sherlock, he was chasing us with a fucking musket!” John interjected whilst they climbed the stairs.
“Did you?” John asked, his head slightly tilted to one side.
At 24, he seemed to be actively working towards that goal. He had cultivated a costly cocaine addiction, in combination with a taste for nicotine. Whenever things got particularly bad during that time, Sherlock could count on two things to happen. First, Mycroft would have him hospitalised, only to see his brother escape yet again. Then, Sherlock would get a visit form a crossroad daemon. They always tried to strike a bargain, get him away from the drugs in exchange for his soul, or a lot of money in exchange for his soul, or similar. They always wanted his soul for whatever wish he could name. Sherlock used to laugh in their faces. How could they be so pedestrian as to think, they had anything to offer to him. His last visitor had come when he was just about to shoot up again, after having escaped a particularly well-guarded hospital ward. Sherlock knew what he wanted, so he had just grinned at the daemon and send him away with the words:
"Well, they always seem like they came straight to punish me and last I heard that was your job." Sherlock shrugged.
"How?"
"Ah, yes. Well" the devil fixed him with an intense glare, "You have to know that we really tried everything else. You are not the first person I sought out. We have our methods and usually they work quite well, or at least they help us to get rid of minor inconveniences."
"Sherlock, even you need help sometimes." Lestrade smiled slightly, "I will leave you to your mess but take a look at your phone now and again."
Sherlock sat in the darkness of his flat for the rest of the night.  He would live but he had sold his soul for it. A cold shiver ran down his spine. He never wanted to die less.
"That is not really a satisfying answer"
“Johnny” Molly squeaked suddenly, clamping one hand over her mouth as if talking too loud was now outlawed “And you didn’t tell me?! Where did you meet him? How was he? How is it to look into his eyes?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. DI Lestrade really was the only one who recognised his genius as valid aid to the work. The rest of the force was weary at best and hostile at worst. Under normal circumstances Sherlock might have tried to form stronger social bonds within the environment which provided him stimuli but with the set time limit, he hadn't bothered to. Now, he was wondering whether he would have the chance to rectify his behaviour, should he win back his soul. No, he didn't want to think down those paths yet. It would only let hope dwell within him and he needed to be cautious above everything else. The worst you could do to a man was give him hope and then take it away again, Sherlock knew that.
“Apparently I am”, John chuckled.
“If I order dinner, will you eat?”, John asked when they were back at the flat and Sherlock had thrown himself down on the couch. This was another small detail of their changing relationship. At first the Omega would spend as much time as possible in his room upstairs but slowly he had migrated downstairs and claimed the couch as his. The doctor had to smile fondly at the noncommittal noise he got in response. With a grin he ordered a little more, guessing that if he played his cards right, he could get Sherlock to pinch the odd bite from his plate. They were involved in some weird dance where either was sure the other wasn’t recognising a pattern in what they did but none of them really were inclined to point that out.
"Send a message?" John guessed, looking at a recite from Moriarty's favourite establishment Sherlock somehow had gotten his hands on.
"Wouldn't it be easier for you if you had an undercover persona which you could assume whenever you wanted to keep an eye on potential threats daemon or otherwise?" Sherlock asked, trying to sound as casual as he could muster. There really wasn't a lot along the lines of bargaining prowess in his repertoire. Usually, he never had to shoot that low but could either work it out for himself or have people simply tell him what he needed to know.
"What do you propose then?" Sherlock asked and turned towards Lestrade, "Your hoard of imbeciles will just blunder all over town and alert him that we're on his tracks. I can't use that."
"There are so many reasons why I can't simply do that." John interjected, slightly annoyed that Sherlock still hadn't gotten the finer points of what it meant to be the devil.
“I think I would like to bond with you.”, Sherlock’s voice was low and sleepy, his eyes already falling shut.
“Good” Sherlock almost pounced with the confirmation, making quick work of getting John’s cock in his hands. John wasn’t sure who moaned louder when Sherlock tightly pressed his lips over the tip of it. The tight, wet heat combined with the strong grip around his base made John go utterly putty. No one could have withstood the cheeky look Sherlock shot John before he let the other’s cock push down to the back of his throat. Out of reflex, John’s hand flew to the back of Sherlock’s head, gently scraping his fingers against the neck. For a short moment he was surprised at the silky texture of the dark hair but Sherlock quickly got his attention back with swallowing around his cock hard.
"Apart from Moriarty sending me a present? Not really. I first need to know who he is perhaps then I can go on a little further."
John considered it for a moment. He didn't often get to talk about who he was or what he was up to. Most of his associates either didn't bother asking or it was beyond their clearance. As the devil, he could decide whom to tell what but it had always felt wrong. Sherlock on the other hand was so far from anything that could harm him, he believed that taking him up on the offer to talk was an actual possibility. He glanced at the files in his hand and then back at Sherlock. With a sigh he returned to his armchair and sat down, "Okay, but I promise you it's not interesting."
Sherlock was pressing his body even further into the wall, a few sobs bubbling up in his throat without him wanting them to. He could only see the Alpha as the threat to him that he was. His pheromones must have drenched the air by now and it would only be a matter of time until the instincts would take over and he couldn’t do anything about it. Never had he felt so utterly helpless and scared.
“Didn’t know that?” John asked with a smirk and pulled Sherlock’s shirt up slightly to run his hand again over his side, just on bare skin this time. Sherlock’s breath hitched and John took that as enough agreement to let his lips kiss down the other’s neck.
"Which is the only part in this whole investigation going right. Don't worry, this one is just Moriarty and I promise it'll tie up neatly." Sherlock almost pleaded, which was unlike him, but he feared that if he let this blatant opportunity slip through his fingers, catching Moriarty would be exponentially harder for the police.
"Why?" John asked surprised and a bit shocked. The seriousness in Sherlock's tone told him that he had worked through it in his mind and found this as the only solution available.
"It's a law of Physics not really a 'keep your hands off because I'm wearing my holy pair of underpants' moment."
“Don’t be daft” the deep voice sounded almost sulky “It is perfectly safe. Now if you would excuse me, I have more important things to do than entertain you. There is the door or take the same way you came in.” He waved his hand in the general direction of door and window, before sitting down again completely ignoring John’s presence.
Happy Easter to everyone who is celebrating it in whatever way. Here's the last chapter for Act 2. I'm once again greatful for the kind comments you left me and for everyone who has read :) I'll see you again with that little extra chapter which I had somehow forgotten to count. I can't yet make a guess at how much time I'll need befor there is an update. Just know there is a chapter coming all on its own before Act 3 starts and concludes this story. See you there :)
"Well they should" John grinned "It's the one where they found the tied up hands of the victim first and then the victim himself crammed in a trunk."
“She isn’t, so keep calm”, John hummed, “Mothers can be a bit much but let her have this. You are her only child.”
John was transfixed for a moment before he awkwardly murmured, “Ehrm… Sherlock, I will leave you now.” He pointed at the door and was already about to turn around, wrestling hard with his self-control. All his instincts were singing and the pheromones in the air were making his heart pick up pace.
God, he drank too much John thought stumbling more than walking along the pavement. One, two, three... fuck he had lost count how many house entrances he had already passed. Mike had promised to leave one window slightly ajar so he could climb in and kip on the couch instead of having to go and find a cab home. John didn't make a habit of drinking too much on a normal day but when one had finally finished his last exam for the year things could go a little overboard. But that was what he had Mike for, who, although leaving earlier, still let him sleep it off at his home.
"Oh no, I went for a fun ride on the fair" Sherlock huffed sarcastically, "I won't apologise for taking action when all you can be bothered to do is sit around and play thumb wars."
"That's how it works. I can do whatever I need to do but there is a price to pay. If I give you something, I need to take something. I can't push the balance either way, even if I wanted to." John handed Sherlock, who was looking at him through one half closed eye, one hand closing around the mug with the steaming liquid, "That's the thing, I'm not actually a mystic being humans have come up with. You all are bound to the rules of physics and so are we. The only thing we can do is stretch them but ultimately there is a foundation to this universe which cannot be broken. Not even by being the devil, believe me I tried hard in the beginning."
"You know that gravity thing? I think it's a pretty limiting rule, don't you?" John countered.
“Such a pretty thing.”, John cooed, voice soft, “You must be aching. Come on, you can come. I want to see you completely wrecked on my lap.”
"So I can completely ignore any directions you are giving me from now on?" Sherlock grinned slightly but with no actual intent behind his words.
Sherlock nodded, the answer made sense and with all he had already accepted about 'hell' this didn't seem too far of a stretch. When he tried to think of the next question though, he found that his mind was increasingly uninterested in the game. He had already felt a bit annoyed when John had stopped kissing him to answer. Now he found himself gazing more at John's lips with no words forming coherent sentences in his mind than anything else.
"Oh dear" the old lady sighed, "Wherever has your cheery mood gone? You know, I don't think it's proper to be happy about all those horrible cases, but god help me you always look so proud after them."
"I don't even want to know what will be held against me" Sherlock shook his head.
It was obvious that the devil had to reign himself in, rendering the situation even more interesting for Sherlock. He knew, he was treading on thin ice but apparently he really could offer the devil something he needed. Interesting, leverage points were always interesting and useful.
“I need to shower first, give me ten minutes and I’ll be over.” He called nonchalantly over his shoulder. John was still taken aback, not sure if he being offered a private dance by that man wasn’t just a very wistful dream after all.
"She does that, ignore her", Sherlock waved the words away while looking around Lestrade's office. Little changes would always inform him about current goings-on and it was still easy to surprise the DI with information gathered through the simple task of observing.
Sherlock looked up at John a bit flabbergasted, "Why would you do that?"
Really, there was nothing left for John, he was hopelessly caught in the sight. He should have been embarrassed at his straining erection but all he could focus on was the tantalising body just out of his reach. He suspected that part of this raging sensation was that he wasn’t allowed to touch. John only got what Sherlock wanted to give and it was driving him positively insane.
“No, really. People might surprise you if you took two minutes to actually talk to them.” John said with a shrug, “Remember Toby? He’s a pretty okay kid. Well, at least he turned out to be after he had recovered from your vicious attack.”
"Okay, you've got drug abuse, thieving, disregarding the lord, desecrating a church for an experiment, I don't even want to know how you managed that", John was playfully using his fingers to count the sins he was aware of from the top of his head, "breaking with your family and that little fact with your sexuality. I'm sure I forgot something."
The devil looked back up at Sherlock, "It's your payment." His voice turned serious when he saw the other's slightly misapprehensive gaze "If you help me, you can have it back."
"For you it is on most occasions but humans have managed to counteract the force of gravity to push rockets into space and fly to Ibiza." John shrugged, "It's not really a thing of the impossible and therefore for me not really a boundary at all. I assume it always depends on the way you're looking at it. By the way, you cannot just declare anything holy for yourself thus expecting it to have the same effect as for example a cross. It makes a difference if only you believe your underpants are holy or if millions of people before you have already put their faith into an object."
Sherlock sighed and it seemed like he had to think for a moment. John was almost intrigued by the silence. It had seemed so unlikely that the other would look like this, almost contemplative. In John’s mind Sherlock had just brushed it all off, perhaps giving some flimsy reason or even something substantial but in the end he would always have kept his demeanour of aloofness and distance. John was glad he had been wrong. This was so much more human, and so much more dangerous, too.
"I've been told that I'm a freak" Sherlock shrugged.
"Pretty much and that you have the chance of blissful nothingness whenever you decide you've been punished enough for your life."
John grinned, “I don’t know but you seem to be enthusiastic enough about following me and for me to stay sane with this arrangement I need to talk to you because I feel controlled.”
For a while there was no sounds except their heavy breathing. They were still seated on the kitchen chair and slowly John felt his legs growing numb from being pressed against the hard wood by Sherlock’s weight. But as reality kicked in again, John feared one move would destroy everything and he wasn’t ready for that yet. So, he banished the discomfort from his mind until Sherlock broke the silence.
“We are at the same University if you hadn’t noticed”, Sherlock said, head held high, “It’s unavoidable that our paths should cross.”
The Omega hid his face in John’s neck, the touch amplifying his arousal but with his nose so close to the doctor’s alpha smell, the action wasn’t doing much to bring him down again. Instead he greedily let his system be flooded with the other’s pheromones, voice reduced a mewling whimper as a hand wrapped completely around his cock. Never would he have imagined the feeling being so glorious. He was sitting on John’s lap and he knew that by now he must have soaked his trousers but he couldn’t care because every time he seemed to get a grip on at least the edge of a thought, John worked some clever mischief and he fell down the hole again.
"How can it be everywhere, and no one has yet discovered it?" Sherlock asked curiously.
"Texting" Sherlock hummed, stopping for only an instant before his fingers flew over the keyboard.
The other man had nearly disappeared into his own flat as he turned around. “It’s Sherlock Holmes, see you in ten.” With a small smirk and something that could definitely have been a wink, the door on the other side of the hallway clicked shut.
John was so taken aback that his body reacted with muscle memory and returned the kiss, trying to keep up with Sherlock’s mouth. It took a bit until his brain was back on track and he started to push Sherlock away and looked confused at the man sitting on his lap. “Pardon?”
"There was" Sherlock gritted out between his teeth.
“Sherlock, really”, John closed his eyes for a moment to stay on top of himself, “I can control myself to a certain extend.”
With a warm puff of breath over the other’s cheekbone John asked, “What do you want then?”
"What?" Sherlock blinked a few times, trying to fit Lestrade's words together to a logical expression. The cab ride had made him slightly antsy.
Sherlock looked down at the slips of paper still strewn about the floor. Lestrade's file wouldn't add anything new but he couldn't risk ignoring it either. He needed to continue his work on the net. There must be a weak point, something he could twist enough to make his move. Gently rubbing at the skin above the gun wound pulled him back into reality. Whatever strategy he could device, it would entail him staying off his feet as much as possible. If he wanted to catch Moriarty he feared it would have to be done sooner rather than later. He didn't have the time to heal properly. He looked downcast at his traitorous body. He couldn't catch Moriarty, not alone.
“More, please”, the voice was breathy and light, making John shudder.
“Okay, I’ll get the supplies for you.”, the Alpha turned around, clenching his hands to control himself. After having had Sherlock come undone on his lap the night before, it was a lot harder to not give into the urge to claim the lithe body.
"Now you're getting weird." John chuckled, "but to answer your question: No. You can’t go and buy me some power bars in exchange. The energy count of your soul or a year of life is too great to be subsidised with a Happy Meal."
Sherlock smiled and suddenly stumbled across a question that hadn't even occurred to him yet, "How old are you exactly?"
"I wouldn't feel that safe, detective"
“Sherlock Holmes, what are you doing on my bed?”
“How do you know about that?” Sherlock’s voice sounded almost accusing, his brows furrowing.
The sane thing probably would have been to just stop looking. After all this was for Sarah and she definitely got the most attention. No matter how hard John tried though, his eyes would never move for longer than a few fleeting seconds and even then he felt a slight pain of regret, being sure he had missed something vital. It all was ridiculous, but this definitely was the most transfixed he had ever been by anyone.
“I… I wouldn’t know” the boy stuttered, blushing slightly under John’s gaze. He quickly fiddled with the pages of the book in front of him. If you could trip over pages with your fingers, that’s what he did, clumsily managing to swipe the book off the table. With a swift motion John picked it up from the floor and stood in front of Toby, holding it out.
Sherlock shook his head and mumbled nearly inaudibly, “But I don’t want them.”
"I'm probably not allowed a note pad?"
Sherlock swallowed but nodded. He could feel the blunt head of a hot cock at his entrance. John’s fingers were tracing patterns across his skin and it provided enough distraction for him to let his weight pull him down. His mouth fell open and he only let out the breath he had been holding when he sat completely on John’s lap. “Oh god”, his voice was faint and trembling.
Even after they had calmed down and Sherlock was already on the way to being peacefully asleep, they were still knotted together. John’s arms now carefully closed around the Omega’s body, cradling him against his chest. The circumstances under which they had met were quite extraordinary but the doctor was selfish enough to not want to change them. Sherlock’s soft breath against his skin reminded him that one of the smartest and most beautiful people was sharing his life and that was enough for him to bury his nose in the silky, dark curls.
"That's approximately what I was thinking, yes" Sherlock nodded "And since you don't want to kill him remotely..."
Sherlock nearly sobbed in relief as the mattress dipped down and he felt the Alpha press their lips together for just a moment before travelling down. He arched his neck back, head pressing into the cushion and mouth open in a silent gasp. The simple touch of John’s lips against his skin was intoxicating. It spread a warmth through his whole body, he had never experienced before. On the one hand he was hyper aware of every spot John caressed with either lips, tongue or hands. On the other hand he felt like all the sensations were blurring into one.  Of course there had been talks and articles about how different a heat in the presence of an Alpha would feel. Until now Sherlock had only scoffed at them. A little voice in his head was still nagging about the impending bond but the Omega managed to drown it out, or so he had thought.
"And I suppose, the devil of all people wants to teach me how to prolong my existence. I'm sorry if I feel like you're taking the piss."
"Actually, no. I'm staying at his place" John tilted his head slightly to the side, trying to stay as non-threateningly as possible.
"You're on the same page as our culprit then. Neither of you knows more than the other. Since it hasn't stopped him, I don't see why it should be a problem for you." John reminded the detective. It was a conversation, he wished they would stop having.
“I’m sorry. I’m really not that special”, John shrugged and smiled, “But you are right, I don’t make a habit of not defending what I think to be the right course of action or point of view. And some posh bloke won’t change that especially since now I know how really unintimidating you are.” He stood up and went over to his bed, sitting down next to Sherlock. “You know we could try the friends thing if that’s not too pedestrian for you”
“I… you?”, the answer sounded so unsure that it also could have been a question about permission.
"I knew you'd be concerned about that part" the devil smirked and shook his head. Sherlock’s soul disappeared from his hand as easily as it had been summoned. "Believe me, I'm desperate enough to let you write up the conditions. Just keep in mind that I still don't need to accept them. So be reasonable if you want your soul back." A piece of parchment, the same kind the initial contract had been written on, appeared. The devil handed it to Sherlock who took it with caution.
"That went... well?" John tried tentatively when Lestrade had left the flat.
"That's just ridiculous" Sherlock huffed, shaking his head slightly. It was exciting that John volunteered a few more information. Still, Sherlock couldn't always believe it was that simple. "If you wanted to heal the wound quicker or take away the pain or whatever." he nodded his head towards his leg, "You would need to transform energy from one state into another?"
"Yes"
“If you mean having sent Mr. Holmes packing, then yes” he shrugged and sighed a bit, his lunch was only lukewarm now.
"Because they can't" John gritted out between clenched teeth.
Finally, he managed to get one hand down the front of Sherlock’s trousers, which made him immediately crumple against his chest. Right next to his ear Sherlock’s deep, rumbling moan sounded even more indecent than before. It seemed to John as if all that brilliant body control had gone out the window with his first full stroke down the length of Sherlock’s cock. His body was quivering and twitching where he sat on John’s lap.
“You’re really lovely," John hummed appreciatively, letting his hands wander across the lines of Sherlock’s body, dipping into hollows.
“Yes, of course you’re not”, John rolled his eyes and started to turn away, “Still if you want to do some actual research instead of just observing, I’m getting myself a coffee now. I thought you were so fond of first-hand information. At least that’s what you are advocating relentlessly on your website.”
"I think it's brilliant what you did there" John shrugged "And I believe others would see it the same way. They just can't get through to the core points because they get lost in your explanations."
"Okay" the devil sighed and rubbed a hand across his face, "Someone is using other people to get deals, effectively making them sell their souls and then killing them. Since the souls weren't rightfully sold in the beginning it causes a lot of trouble and mostly leaves us without payment. Whoever does this, goes about it cleverly. He never gets the same daemon twice, we don't know when the next deal will come and we don't know who he is."
“Oh stop being such a bad sport”, Sarah giggled, “Got time to have lunch?”
"Why are you on the floor?" Lestrade asked Sherlock, doing his best to ignore John. He still couldn't pinpoint his suspicions of the other and therefore would rather avoid prolonged contact.
"Not my fault."
Sherlock glanced over to where John was sitting next to him in the cab.
"Sherlock, do you remember how long this took?" John murmured absent-mindedly while sitting down in his armchair. He continued to thumb through the pages of witness reports, photographs, notes and in the end the confession.
When the door fell shut behind the other, Sherlock felt like he had suddenly smacked onto a ground where he previously had though was only free fall. He couldn’t say that he felt comfortable, for that the betrayal of his family still cut too deep, but the panic had ebbed off. There was no blinding horror anymore and he started to take in the world around him for what it was again. The blanket around him really was very soft and he snuggled his nose a bit deeper into the luscious knit piece. From his position on the leather armchair he let his gaze wander around. The flat wasn’t spacious per se but he supposed for someone who was living alone and wasn’t inclined to change that, it was big enough. The location alone would cost a fortune, he added when a glance out of the window confirmed just how central John was living. Most people in the kind of social circle he would have been sold off to, would prefer some big mansion or town house, all styled by some interior designer to fit the newest trend. Their flats looked like something out of a catalogue, John’s flat actually had a soul. The furniture couldn’t have been cheap by the looks of it but the bookcases were crammed full, there were pictures and small trinkets strewn all over the flat. It all was a contrast to the sleek, cold, modern interior a designer flat lived off. Here Sherlock could imagine a crackling fire and a warm cup of tea. At the thought he had to quickly call himself back. He still had been sold off like some piece of furniture one didn’t have a use for anymore. Getting attached to an Alpha who could still very well hurt him simply wouldn’t do. With a sigh he curled up further on the chair, head resting against the back of it. The narcotics still hadn’t left his system entirely and after the shock he felt weary and lethargic now. He told himself that he would only close his eyes for a few seconds.
“It’s fine.”, John’s lips were back on his, coaxing him into a kiss. “Nothing we need to do that you don’t want to.” The Alpha inside the doctor was rioting at the idea of not being allowed to mark the Omega as his but John wrestled it into submission. “All your decision.” He hissed at one quick and unpredictable move, his eyes clamping shut for just a moment. The young Omega was really testing his control but he didn’t intend to let go.
"I need to know which of these fit within the time frames" Sherlock murmured after the pile to his right had grown by a few beige folders, "Make a pile for all that were cheated and just put the other's aside, we don't need them." Without looking up he continued his work, pre-selecting every victim which might fit the bill. He didn't want to go in too deep just yet. Theorising before he had all the facts would be deadly in this case. Better to get confirmation on the victims and then take it from there.
“Yep, mistress” John mocked her a little “I have classes either way. See you two around if I’m not killed by a mob of people trying to unobtrusively catch a glimpse or ‘accidental’ body contact.”
"Old cases I suppose" Sherlock shrugged, looking back at the experiment on the table. After their fight the day before, Sherlock had craved a bit of the simple normality. He had just begun a random experiment which came to his mind and for which he luckily could scrape together ingredients. Puttering along in the kitchen usually helped to settle his mind when a case was hitting a slow spot. Now, he hoped it would coax the easiness back into their weird cohabitation.
"Yes, I will wait but not forever" the devil grinned and settled down more comfortably in his armchair, "Get going, the quicker we've got the formalities over with, the quicker we can sort out this shoddy business. I really don't enjoy being in this much trouble."
“Stop trying to be a step ahead of me here. You can deduce all you want once we’ve established some ground rules but for now we have to do this together, okay?” John was straining to keep calm, “We see what we like and then go from there and there are so many other things to do apart from penetrative sex. Have you even thought about that possibility?”
No chance of answering with more than a low hum for John but he freed one hand to push it behind Sherlock’s balls into his perineum. The sudden jolt of having his prostate firmly massaged from the outside made Sherlock first thrust up in surprise and then almost immediately crash over the edge. The hot liquid spilled over John’s tongue down his throat. It still wasn’t John’s favourite, all weird consistency and bitter after taste, but he mostly swallowed to avoid mess and sometimes to enjoy the look on his lovers face.
As soon as he woke up Sherlock knew something was off. Normally he was fully alert the moment his conscience returned to his body after sleep. The fog he had to fight through now told him that his sleep hadn’t been voluntarily but drug induced. A dabble or two with narcotics in line with an experiment let him asses that the amount used had been quite liberal. Someone had needed him out cold for a longer amount of time. Spreading his fingers and stretching his legs let the young boy stop immediately and shoot upright. The feeling of the sheets was wrong, the quality of the mattress, too. When he thought about it the smell surrounding him wasn’t right either. There was an underlying hint of Alpha spreading throughout the room.
“Really?”, John huffed and looked at the other a bit more intensely, “You are already emitting pheromones. You should know that. I’m still sitting calmly here and having this conversation with you, am I not? It’s fine and whatever you will request is fine as long as it’s not stupid like letting you out of the flat in the state you are in. I know this isn’t what you wished for but for the next days you will have to cope with my flat.”
“Understood”, Sarah nodded eagerly, “It’s not a problem, I can be behaved.”
"No it isn't and no she didn't" John shook his head, "One of the reasons this business is so messy. The daemons say the one, the victim another thing."
"I won't if it costs me time, I do not have." the devil hit back.
Sherlock blinked a few times then croaked "Go on, please."
“Oh god”, Sherlock mumbled, his head falling back against the bed, arching his throat into the touch of the blonde’s lips.
"You've been shot, what did you imagine?" John snorted, closing the door behind them. "You'll be doing a lot of sitting around for some time. Hope you've got enough to occupy your mind with."
"But he didn't. He didn't shoot me, there was someone else positioned higher up on a building."
Way too elegantly for the state they were in, Sherlock slid off John’s lap and got comfortable between his legs. While his hands were slowly dragged up John’s thighs, he murmured “Doctor, health conscious, mandatory employee screening at the surgery, last sexual partner four month prior, female. You’ve last been tested three weeks ago, correct?”
"And you're sure he's human?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow. If he had to go up against the supernatural, he wouldn't stand a chance.
Sherlock seemed to think for a little more and John started to get a bit anxious. He didn't like the strained atmosphere between them and rather wanted to go back to the bickering they had settled in the previous weeks. "Come on, I apologised. Run me through what you did, perhaps I can help." John offered hopeful and was relieved when Sherlock finally uncurled himself and got up. His movements were still cautious and there was some reservedness left.
"I'm a consulting detective, only one in the world" Sherlock quickly answered with not a small amount of pride. The title had taken a bit to come up with. His duties though had been as clear as day when by chance he had stumbled across a crime scene. His quick-fire solution to the case had kept the officer from asking too many questions. But the feeling afterward had bested every cocaine hit, he ever had.
"You are incredibly selfish, you know?" Sherlock hummed, head slightly propped up on a pillow. It really was a lot more comfortable this way than on the couch.
"Another case" John offered calmly. The old landlady hadn't been put off by him like so many other people. She had lived through a rough time herself and John was sure by now she couldn't be shocked by anything anymore. He likely could outright tell her who he was and she would just smile, pat his back and offer tea. It was refreshing and even he, the devil, couldn't help but like her.
Sherlock smirked and tilted his head slightly to the side, catching John's lips. Gradually, he was getting the hang of it. The terrifying aspect of the whole situation was washing away and he began to let himself fall into it. It wasn't by far the first time he trusted John, he had made that mistake way earlier already so his brain didn't even bother bringing up all the dangers associated with his current position. Relief flooded over him as he realised that he really didn't care and that he was as secure in his current decision as he ever could be.
At no point did John dare to look up into the face of the dancer again. Somehow he felt like that would be the moment his illusion of not being seen himself would be shattered. Additionally, he wasn’t sure if he would quite survive such a daring move. It was one thing to see that beautiful body move as one with the music, pushing his mind to envision slightly different scenarios, but quite another to actively connect it to his neighbour. The deep voice still resonated in John’s head and there was a faint memory of razor sharp eyes. He really didn’t want to take a chance.
Sherlock nodded and said, “Sherlock”
Sherlock chuckled deeply and raised his hips a little to make access easier. “I wasn’t payed to interest you, after all”
"I just expected there to be… more" Sherlock shrugged and turned around. He just sold his soul to that man, so he was allowed a bit of complaining.
“Can I get anything for you, too? You look like you could do with a cookie or two”, John asked, no malice behind the small quip.
"Thank you Mrs. Hudson for you input." Sherlock gritted out, throwing himself down on the couch, face first into the cushions.
"I only interfered because you asked me to" John pointed out, crossing his arms in front of his chest defensively.
"What's it again?" the landlady called back, coming out of her flat as she dried her hands in her apron, "Oh, who's that?"
"I'm not sure" Sherlock said, not enjoying the feeling one bit.
The request came so sudden for John that at first he didn’t understand. His mind was still reeling from the dance and the kiss. God, that bloody kiss. He could swear he had never felt anything more lovely than those plush lips against his.
Sarah had quite a few things on her mind when they had finally found a place to eat. Their lunch in front of them, the words came bubbling out of her mouth.
“What do you want? I clearly remember giving a condition as to under which circumstances you were allowed to break into my room again”, John hoped his voice was calm and collected. So exactly the two things he wasn’t feeling at the moment. “I would still have no problem throwing you out of the window”, perhaps a little threat would mask over any feelings he didn’t want to show and the fact that the other was currently on his bed in a way John might or might not have dreamed about during the last days.
He had left them to their studies in favour of his own courses. By the time evening had rolled around he was thoroughly exhausted and wasn’t yearning for much more than his bed and some mindless TV program. But there was currently one problem, preventing him from doing exactly that:
“Move, love.”, John smoothed his hands over the Omega’s hips, “Move carefully, it will get better.”
"I don't shout, I just clearly tell you when what you are doing is wrong but fundamentally yes, that will be your job."
"I got that from simply having him shoot you." John grumbled.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned to leave, finding it the best course of action to ignore the devil for now. "Lestrade, I've got everything. Do with him what you need."
"Yeah, I mean... " John started and then thought screw it. He was already too deep into this, so he could also just jump in all the way. "First of all, I'm not your patented Evil. Humans have been very good at pushing all the blame for whatever bad things happen to them on me. So, over time I've become your religious horror story which is frankly quite far from the truth. I mean yes, there is hell but I'm not the one responsible for any of your suffering, by the way none of us are. No daemon either is responsible for the shit humans get themselves into."
John pulled Sherlock gently along, up the stairs and into his own room. The dressing gown was not concealing a lot, the expensive fabric falling loosely and more importantly openly around Sherlock’s form.
"I assume that it doesn't only apply to Christian items then."
Later, John would feverishly deny the whining sounds which escaped his throat when Sherlock let a few waves of body rolls cumulate in rubbing himself quite clearly against John. Not only was the shift of muscles below soft skin all John could see at that point, but his knuckles had turned white from the force he used to anchor his hands to the chair. The want to touch had grown so strong that every bit of contact Sherlock offered through his dance, made John’s arousal surge.
“I know, I am the problem. I just want to make a list with the items you will need now and then you won’t have to see me again until your heat is over. I’ll make sure to stay out of your way if that is what you want.” Sherlock was surprised with the sincerity the words were said. John wasn’t making empty promises. The doctor really meant every word. Slowly he came out of his complete defence demeanour and by the time their mugs were empty they had drawn up a list of items Sherlock deemed important for his upcoming heat. Among painkillers, on which the doctor had insisted, and birth control, there was a special brand of water and easy to digest fruit bars Sherlock favoured.
"Okay but know that this could absolutely break your career with us" Lestrade warned.
"You are really strange, you know?"
After what seemed like an eternity the flat was quiet again. There were no thumping footsteps on the stairs or in the hallway. There were no loud voices travelling in and out of their front door. There were no nagging officials coming back with just one more question to ask or request to fill. There was simply nothing but the all too well-known hums and clicks of the old house. There was Mrs. Hudson having turned her radio back on and pottering about in her kitchen. There was the gurgle of the old pipes as John tried to use hot water to boil the kettle quicker. There was only home.
"You've been very thorough" the devil hummed in what sounded like an impressed tone, "I could definitely use more people of your skill. It would save me quite a bit of hassle in the end."
They decided on introducing the devil as a friend of a friend visiting the city. It would keep Mrs. Hudson off their trail, which was one of the most important steps. Having been part of a drug cartel, the old lady noticed too much for her own good. Therefore the devil disappeared, leaving Sherlock to ponder away the night on his own. They would meet again in the morning, starting their charade and Sherlock his efforts to win back his soul.
"I already said, I can do so better without being slowed down." the stress lay on the word 'better' and John thought he started to catch on to the real reasons here. Sherlock probably had laid out his own reasons, which didn't mean they were actually good ones. Nevertheless, John needed Sherlock and he needed him alive. "Come off it. Denying your brain sustenance does nothing but kill you."
"Please, there is less to do than you think" Sherlock looked up at him, hesitating for a moment. Then he quickly leaned forward and pressed his lips to John's, murmuring hastily "Am I allowed to do this now?"
"I need a favour"
Keeping his steps even, John went to his bedroom door and tried the handle. It was locked. He starred at it confused, he never locked any of the doors inside his flat. The key was lying unsuspiciously next to the door and the doctor quickly turned it in the lock.
"Attention and the possibility to show off?" Sherlock shrugged and smiled, "They tricked you. I would want praise for that, too."
He only waited for the boy to take the blanket with quivering hands before turning around and going back to the lounge. There would be no way the other would come down again with him in the room so John gave him space and open doors to alleviate the feeling of being trapped. To be honest he needed some time to cool off himself. Searching for a suitcase or bag that must have been left somewhere in his flat he angrily called his mother. Leaving her no time to pick up the conversation on her side, he spat into the phone, “What kind of a sick joke is this? Putting a barely legal kid in my flat while he’s drugged up to his ears, locking him in and getting him in such a state that you can be glad if he doesn’t take away permanent mental damage from this stunt.”
John was living in a small flat within a medium sized apartment complex. After his return from war, he couldn’t afford too far leaps but it was enough for a nice home. The flat didn’t need to be too sizeable since the Doctor was alone and somehow he was quite sure that wouldn’t change too soon. Besides, like this he was able to put aside a bit of money from his job at the small private clinic. All in all, John really couldn’t complain.
"Jesus, what's that on your leg?" the inspector suddenly exclaimed. Sherlock looked down at his wounded leg and noticed that some blood had appeared on the fabric of his pyjama trousers. It must have seeped through the bandage.
"Yes, if one ignores the fact that you are not human and therefore shouldn't be bound to the problems of earthly life." Sherlock pointed out the minuscule flaw in the logic. "After all Earth is the only place I can employ my skills on because I know the rules."
"You've collectively declared us the Evil, so yes you can fend us off, collectively." John shrugged, "I mean someone has to sort out the energy left in limbo after death. But it's not like any of us raised their hands to be considered the bad ones."
John raised an eyebrow, "Is that a problem?"
A shiver ran along John’s spine at the pure thought of the other’s elegant hands wrapped around his cock. His mind helpfully displayed a few more scenarios it also wouldn’t be adverse to.
Sherlock took a deep breath and sat back in his chair, his back against the wooden frame. John looked at him expectantly, an eyebrow raised and clearly waiting for an answer. “You are different”, he simply said, looking directly at John.
"Hm" Sherlock reflected for a moment, "Apart from a flesh wound I presume?"
Sherlock nearly pounced, his lips closing around the tip, his eyes fluttering shut and John couldn’t do anything but moan. One of his hands involuntarily went to Sherlock’s head, grabbing a handful of the dark curls. The other’s lips felt velvety smooth as they slid down further, connecting with the fingers still wrapped around the base of John’s cock.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” ,Sherlock murmured, eyes closed and head pressed into John’s palm, obviously enjoying the soft head massage he was getting out of it.
"Lestrade, when was the last time I saw a connection where none was?" Sherlock asked, hands now pressed to the top of the detective’s desk. He needed the other to believe him. "I don't always see everything but I never see something where there is nothing."
"What is that?" Sherlock asked curiously, leaning forward in his chair to get a better look at it.
"Come off it" Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“I want you to look at me.” With a lot of effort Sherlock peeled his eyes open and tried to focus them on John’s face. “There you go,” John smiled and as a reward ran his hand firmly once over Sherlock’s cock, pulling an obscenely loud moan from the other’s mouth. “Oh you’re vocal. You’ve been so responsive, it’s a delight. You’re whole body is writhing and shivering, I bet you haven’t even realised it." John’s voice was low and gentle, keeping Sherlock occupied. As soon as the words had left his mouth Sherlock went ridged, obviously trying to control himself. “Don’t”, John warned and closed his fist around the other’s cock, “Just enjoy, you are perfect no matter what your body does.”
Sherlock crocked his head at John, “So what is it that you've heard? Mad drug addict? Probably psychopath with murderous tendencies? I have to tell you that one is not truer for me than for any other student. Or is there another rumour I haven't yet heard about myself? I’m sure there are plenty going around. Your little minds have a fantastic need for entertainment and to be honest I don’t bother keeping up too much. It gets repetitive after a while” He went on, his eyes skimming over John’s body as if he was collecting more and more information, enriching his database to find something he could use against the student.
“Sherlock, come on sit up.”, John coaxed, knowing that the boy would have to be manipulated into any position by now. “You just need to take one small pill and a bit of water.” It took him two tries to get the lithe body upright and the birth control down the other’s throat. “Good job”, he hummed and just in time realised the other was squirming closer, “No, not going to happen, boy.”
“Now, can we stop the talking?” Sherlock purred, straining against John’s hold again, “I don’t want to have gone through all the research and preparation in vain.”
"Yes, great helping." Sherlock snorted, throwing over a stack of loose pages and papers, "13 years. I really see your generosity there."
John had watched the young Omega practically flourish. The eccentric habits the other was keeping weren’t always too easy but since the doctor still had a vivid memory of a boy who was looking like his life was going to end, he just cared about the excited smiles which flashed across Sherlock’s face. He wasn’t there for most of the day either way and as long as his flat was still habitable when he came home, he didn’t mind too much. It had been obvious from the start that the other had a simple craving for touch. John never made him admit it out loud but he would casually brush their hands together while handing over a cup of tea or place his hand in the small of Sherlock’s back for a short time when he looked over his shoulder at something the Omega was working on. Mostly he held himself back, though since he was still painfully aware of the age gape between them. The ownership papers his mother had send him about a day after Sherlock first showed up in his flat were shoved somewhere into a deep dark corner and the doctor’s mind was feverishly working on a way to legally annul them without it all falling back into the hands of Sherlock’s family. What he had gotten out of the other about his life since he had presented, had him clench his fists and very pointedly not trying to get the Holmes’ address. It wouldn’t serve anyone if he went into a rant about proper treatment of one’s own child.
“Of course you don’t”, John sighed and stood up, taking his cup with him, “You know where I live and apparently you know how to get in, too. If you are willing to actually tell me why you do all of this then you can come around but I don’t need you wasting my time even more than you are already doing.” He squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder once before he left the coffee shop.
"You did" Sherlock shook his head in exasperation. The position they were in was getting a bit complicated for kissing. Sherlock always had to turn to his side which made his leg twitch in not a nice way. The frustration within him was growing.
"I've made you a little something" Mrs. Hudson bustled through his flat, first setting down a tray with a few sandwiches and a steaming pot of tea on his coffee table. "Don't think, I don't see when you eat and when not" she smiled and started tiding a bit. With the amount of chaos dominating the flat, she mostly just picked papers up from one place and set them down somewhere else.
Sherlock paused for a moment. He wasn't sure if he had heard correctly. In all the time he had helped out the Yard, no one had actually called any of it brilliant. They happily took whatever information he found for them, but praise was usually not part of the equation. It was new to not be directly insulted for his reasoning. Although John was the devil and they just had had a major disagreement, Sherlock couldn't help but feel a small warm feeling spreading in his chest. For once he welcomed it, caring very little about consequences.
“Well, then talk away”, John offered and sat down in his desk chair, arms crossed in front of his chest, “But be aware that I don’t have all day.”
"How nice to know that being the cultural embodiment of all evil is a mediocre detail for you." John chuckled.
"Please, don't be so obtuse." Sherlock sighed "You know it is vital to this case that I know as much as possible. The problem is that so far you, as the most trusted source of information, have given me nothing. I can't help but think, you actually don't want me to succeed with this case."
Sherlock’s heat lasted for the better amount of four days, the waves becoming less frequent and potent after the first 48 hours. When John could be sure that the Omega was up to the task of caring for himself again, he resumed working during the day but made sure to be back on time every evening. While still deeply in the grips of his hormones Sherlock had let himself be dragged into a shower more or less voluntarily, the doctor pointedly not imagining that thin body in any other situation than in that of a patient. Now that he was becoming aware of his surroundings again, John could only nudge him into the direction of the bathroom with a pointed look. Sherlock would meticulously ensure the sheets were wrapped fully around his body or he was dressed in some form of clothing before he would let John see him. In a way John’s heart gave a painful pinch but then he remembered that for the other his whole existence still was somewhat of a threat.
"Just arrived" John smiled forced, "You were busy so I just went ahead."
“Why would I want to do that? I mean have a coffee”, Sherlock asked when he had shaken himself out of his surprise.
"You're perfectly aware that I can handle most cases you can't even finish with a team of 30. But this time, believe me when I say that I was intending to inform you of this case as soon as I had evidence which you would count as steadfast. In case you hadn't noticed, you usually are dubious of my methods until I can produce something that even the lousiest judge would recognise. Now if you gave me what I so kindly requested, I would try to get you just that string of connections you needed."
“It’s a lot”, Sherlock defended himself, “The majority of people are boring, predictable and an utter waste of time. You on the other hand. I can’t seem to figure you out so I tried to bid myself as much time as possible but so far you are still different.”
“Oh god”, he groaned, when his senses were assaulted with the Alpha pheromones, still lingering in John’s bed. “John?”, Sherlock croaked, just hoping the other would hear him as he pushed off the covers, trying to cool down his feverish body.
"Not too much to be honest. I think there is still a lot that needs to be put into context but pain isn't the best catalyst for that kind of work." Sherlock sighed, "He obviously did his research and although he appeared quite controlled, there was the air of a fanatic about him."
"You have all the time in the world. You're the devil" Sherlock screamed, furiously. It was the last drop he needed to let his temper run free, “I don't have any"
"What are you doing?" John asked curiously and stepped closer.
Sherlock looked up at John and back at the corpse, biting his lip. John probably could help; the problem was that Sherlock had no idea how to explain to the DI where the miraculous discovery came from without using 'The devil checked for me' as an excuse. "Yes, might jog my memory" he mumbled and left Lestrade standing with his crew and corpse. Upstairs he pulled John behind the flat door, closing it.
“Well, I can’t say you didn’t manage to please me.” John interjected. Actually, the thought back at what they had just done, still made his head turn.
Sherlock looked up a bit confused "I don't have a case with a title as ridiculous as that. None of them have titles if I remember correctly."
“I know”, John shrugged and just continued, “Black or milk and sugar?”
"Depends on which way you look at it but yes it probably could have been worse" Sherlock nodded. He still wasn't too sure about involving the police. After all, he made the deal and he would have to fulfil it. Now he not only needed his mind to work through the Moriarty case but also to figure out where the pitfalls of his alliance could be.
"I chose the case and you tell me whatever you remember?" John suggested with a soft smile. He really was interested in what Sherlock had been doing the past years. After all, he had risked a few snooping looks now and then, always telling himself that is was just to make sure Sherlock kept to the contract. It really had been because he had been stumped by the other's directness. In all his time, people rarely intrigued him but Sherlock had drawn him in without even trying. At first, John hadn't even noticed he was working towards having Sherlock open up more and more. Now, he really enjoyed the closeness between them, although it left a slight bittersweet taste. After all, he was the devil, this was just doomed.
“Do you think you will survive a few hours on your own while I go out?”, John asked already having pulled his coat back on. Sherlock just raised an eyebrow, still cuddled into the cashmere blanket. “Okay”, the doctor laughed, “I’m sure you’ll figure out how the telly works or whatever you fancy doing. Just stay inside, I don’t need two surprises on one day and I would be glad if I didn’t have to worry about where you’ve gone off to.”
"Shut up" Sherlock banged his fists on the table and strode over to the living room, leaving John startled at the kitchen table. The detective really was a marvel. First, he had the audacity to summon the devil for a simple crossroad deal. Then he effectively managed to trap him in a human body with the most boring backstory possible. Now, he even started screaming at him, apparently sparing no thought for the being he actually had invited into his flat.
John only knew his little comment had hit home when he heard the hurried shuffling of papers and quick steps behind him, the other student suddenly popping up in stride next to him.
Sherlock sat on the couch, face in his hands. He was desperate. More than anything he needed to know about the reasons for these crimes and he feared all the work of the past two hours had been tainted by his anger. It had started with finding John missing and it seemed like he could not shake it off. John had been good to him although there was no primal reason for it. He was playing along, as if he was just another human. Sherlock had to admit, the devil fitted too well into his life as if unintentionally he had always left the space empty. Sherlock was sure he was going mad. He had needed to close himself off but he had failed. Suddenly, here he was, rendered completely useless by a simple argument. Objectively, he was in the right. Subjectively, he felt like rolling up into a ball and shutting out the rest of the world.
Sherlock rolled his eyes "This is obviously not all of it, but I cannot use the couch since we need access to the wall behind it and an armchair has too little space for me to organise files on. The floor is simply the most logical option for me."
The devil raised an eyebrow in surprise, "What is it you do that suddenly reversed your outlook on life? I've been told you are a hopeless case, hell bend on self-destruction."
“Well, by the looks of it, apparently yes.” John shrugged, suddenly remembering his only meeting with the student, “Why are they behaving as if he had leprosy? He won’t kill you if you come near.”
"The collective of humanity seems to be your greatest weakness then."
Sherlock’s huff was definitely annoyed and perhaps a tiny bit exasperated before he admitted defeat, “No.”
“Well, it certainly fits into the picture, doesn’t it? With him being all mysterious and crowded in secrets and the way he can tell you everything about yourself with one glance. It is impressive, I mean I’ve heard of a lot of girls who would give nearly everything to spend a night with him. Although I believe they all think, they’d be the one to crack his shell and be
“What? Jesus…” John asked breathless and couldn’t quite compute the sight of Sherlock on his knees, taking up the space between his thighs and practically nuzzling his groin.
"Why did you wait?" Sherlock asked quietly. This wasn't as exhilarating as learning new details about a case so he could adjust his view. This was tense, unnerving and settled a cross between nausea and vertigo in his stomach. It felt like he wanted and didn't want to know the answer at the same time.
The doctor groaned. He should get up and into his flat before he thought too much about the dancer. Rolling his shoulders once more he got out of his car and made his way to his home.
“Sherlock, I’m going to…” John wanted to warn the other but Sherlock just pushed deeper, swallowing a few times and John couldn’t hold on anymore. He came open-mouthed with a silent cry, his hand in Sherlock’s neck momentarily tightening.
"You mean most people are dim-witted and boring"
Still hope you enjoy it :)
"I'm not solving your case against my will" Sherlock said, looking up at John, "I wouldn't have taken it if it hadn't interested me. I had somewhat dealt with having just a limited amount of time left in my life. After all I did it to myself. It was only logical to accept it and deal with it myself."
Before he could sink too deep into the question and insecurities there was a short, loud knock echoing from the door. Obviously, his time was up. John swallowed hard and went to open the door.
“If you want to take over just tell me. It's getting ridiculous, I'd quiet like to have someone genuinely interested in me and not treating me like some trophy”
"Too late, you signed the contract and you know what will happen if you back out." Sherlock felt the mad glimmer in his eyes. This fight just showed how desperate the devil was. Sherlock had just spectacularly lost every little piece of decorum and he was still alive. He had the upper hand. It wasn't fun at the moment but he had the devil in a corner. He should never have gotten so attached to having the devil there as a companion instead of a boss. He needed to solve this case and he need to do it his way. The stakes were too high.
"Because I cannot share that information with a human", John said with all the patients he could muster after having been at the other end of this argument a few times already. He could somewhat understand Sherlock's chagrin but there were rules mortals had to play by.
The Alpha swallowed, pushing down any instinct that was screaming inside his head. The moment he had started his training as a doctor he had decided that he was better than the primal voices in his head. One of the reasons he was so successful, even after being discharged from the military, was that he could cope with any patient in any state. Often people told him that he had an inhuman self-control. John just thought of it as the only respectful way he could treat his patients. With a calm mind he ran through the information he had. There was an Omega in his flat, most likely in his bedroom. The pheromones were strong enough to suggest an imminent heat but there was a sense of something else draping itself over the rest. John had encountered enough fear to separate it from everything else. The Omega wasn’t just scared, they were mortified.
The doctor rolled his eyes with a smile, “I already told you that you were going to get my bedroom. As for the locking the door part. I can control myself, I am a doctor and I have to work with patients. If you feel safe alone in the flat, I will even leave during the day to go to work.”
Sherlock was okay with that and sat to work so soon they were both lying on John’s bed naked and pressed together.
"I don't like being picked up" Sherlock complained slightly.
Of course nothing happened. There was only the ever present silence answering back. "Apparently, this only works with appointment" he sighed and turned around, wanting to step into his kitchen area. It had been a naive idea from the get-go. How could he have believed that the evil forces would jump at his whim? Before he could take more than two steps though, he walked into a small, broad-shouldered man who had appeared out of nowhere.
“No, it’s fine”, a deep, dark voice interrupted him.
Sherlock was at a slight loss for words. He narrowed his eyes on the doctor trying to read where the catch lie. There had to be a catch but the Alpha’s bearing spoke of nothing but honest concern. In a way that threw him off more than any violent behaviour the ex-soldier could have displayed at any point during the days Sherlock had been the most vulnerable. Thinking back he couldn’t even think of one inappropriate glance or brush of hand. The Alpha had been nothing but respectful and accommodating.
"And normally it isn't?"
"Only lies have details. You don't need to know more to get the general gist of how you should be behaving. An ex-army man can explain trust issues and temper, doctor would make you helpful on the case and as a job title stands a chance of you finding employment in the city. I don't have friends, so you are the friend of someone I trust enough to let their friend stay in my flat. It really, was extraordinary simple."
"What the hell happened here?" Lestrade asked, standing in the door a little gobsmacked. He hadn't waited long after knocking since you could rarely expect Sherlock opening the door for you.
“God, you are beautiful”, the doctor smiled and tugged Sherlock back into a kiss. His hands were rooted firmly to Sherlock’s waist. Their lips fitted together perfectly, John’s face angled slightly upwards to make up the height difference between them. Sherlock moaned into John’s mouth, pressing closer to the other’s body.
"Yes, oh. Now, can we please start? I will need that big box over there" Sherlock pointed at a brown cardboard box in front of one of the bookshelves.
“Hey, everything fine? Just don’t listen to him” John smiled and reached out to put a hand comforting on the kid’s shoulder “Just go, you never actually have to stay and listen to someone insulting you. Walk away and that’s that.”
Sherlock jumped at the sound of John's voice. He nearly lost his balance, where he was crouched next to the corpse.
"Well, you have no problem with sacrality" John shrugged "You will get him and as soon as some of his guard is down, I will also just be minorly inconvenienced. There is a reason he has gone so over board with his protection. It needs a lot to keep me away."
John tried on what he hoped was a friendly smile and side stepped the police officer with clear intend, "Thank you for the warning." He just wanted to follow where Sherlock had disappeared to when he thought of the other's final words. John turned around once more, looking at Sally, "By the way: Adultery is a sin. I would be careful if I were in your shoes." Oh, how he wanted to let just a bit of his true nature shimmer through but he caught himself. This matter was too important to be potentially spoiled by a little shock factor.
“Sherlock”, John groaned and tried to press the other away, “You’re not man of your senses anymore. Don’t make me do something you’ll regret when you have a clear mind again.” The doctor was still quite a bit stronger and so managed to wrestle Sherlock back onto the bed.
"Don't be so harsh", the landlady chuckled and took a few dirty dishes along on her way out, "You would do well with a friend and you'll never find someone if you scare them away."
“Stay”, John hummed, “I won’t be responsible for any accidents that happen to you while your body is jello.”
"Why? What does it matter?" John asked, eyebrows knit together "We only need to find him. Your job is to find him. I don't need an explanation, I'm not the police."
He only got a dazed nod from the clearly aroused body on his lap.
“Good.”, John took his hand away, “Do you actually listen to yourself from time to time?”
"Well, it certainly gets my attention." John shrugged.
"Well an address will help us, let's go" John said when he saw the card, already wanting to turn.
John laughed and stabbed a tomato form his plate. “I can imagine. Your mother probably has filled your schedule to the brim, hasn’t she?”
John snorted, “I hadn’t seen you a single time prior to the night I stumbled into your flat. I have been here for quite some duration already so believe me: It is entirely possible for our paths to not cross.”
John put one knee, albeit wobbly, down on the edge of his bed, taking Sherlock’s face between his hands. “But what if I want to?” he asked, his lips just softly brushing over Sherlock’s, “Can I, if I want to?” There wasn’t a real verbal answer, just the sudden press of lips against his. John smiled slightly and pushed Sherlock back onto the bed. His left hand wandered lower, his full palm stroking over Sherlock’s erection. It wrangled a half gasped moan from Sherlock’s throat.
"I know reputation isn't so great when you go around condemning people to eternal pain." the devil raised his hands in defence, "Well, technically they are doing it to themselves, and we just facilitate it a bit."
"No" Sherlock just shook his head but continued staring at the wall.
“There is nothing to talk about”
"I amended the contract a little" John smirked, "After all 'catch' is such a broad term. Not being able to physically detain Moriarty shouldn't negate all the work you've done on your own to get him."
“Very good”, John could swear that Sherlock’s eyes had flashed as he fell back into the persona which had taken John so aback earlier. “I think we can begin”
“But it’s unfair…” Sherlock’s protest was drowned in another kiss. John emphasising, “If I think something is unfair, I will let you know. This was about me proving a point and that point is: You don’t have to do anything, it’s all about what you want to do.”
John had listened to Sherlock’s ramblings until that point and then covered the other’s mouth with one of his hands to get him to stop for a minute. “Could you just keep quiet for a moment?”
Now, he was 27 and at the brink of death. Diagnosed with multiple organs ready to or already failing, there was nothing even his brother pulling the strings of the British government could do. Sherlock was dying and he hated it.
"What is it you do then?" Sherlock hadn't realised it was something he wanted to know. At the moment, he had only been concerned with John staying a while longer. He wasn't yet ready to let the easy talking mood they had been in slip away.
"Yes, you gave me a job. My job is to find your culprit, nowhere did you mention how I was to go about it. These are my methods. Yours have already proven to not be successful. Let me do my job." Sherlock bit his teeth together. His skin had gotten thinner with every minute the devil had been downstairs with Mrs. Hudson and he had been up here, trying to work through a myriad of clues.
"It's not a complicated answer therefor it will be worth less than other answers" Sherlock laid out his reasoning with a self-satisfied grin.
The fumbling words had John looking up from where he was sitting on his armchair, taking in the whole form of the young Omega currently standing in his sitting room. The clothing was looking professional but the clean edges of the crisp suit still weren’t able to hide just how young Sherlock was. John cleared his throat, “So what are you going to do now? I mean where are you planning to go?”
"No" the devil sighed and shook his head, "We tried everything else already. If you manage to solve my case, you've earned it."
“Milk, one sugar” Sherlock just answered and opened his door.
“And I’d rather want you to sit”
With the first glimpse he caught of the lean body, dressed in criminally tight shirt and trousers, John swallowed his breath. Suddenly, he was very glad, he had retreated quite far towards the back. How could it be? No, there was no doubt when the dancer turned slowly, peeking upwards from underneath a curly fringe. His neighbour; the one with the voice like liquid sex. John shifted slightly on his chair. He really wasn’t sure if he wanted to add what was about to happen to his memory. Although there really wasn’t time for second thoughts on his part. Almost as soon as his brain had made the connection between the stripper Anna had hired and his next door neighbour, said man began what could only be called a very calculated but more than effective show.
"To my defence, you have been less than forthcoming with your explanations." Sherlock shrugged and although his mind perked up, because it senses the opportunity for information, he couldn't help but cuddle a little closer.
That was something Sherlock hadn't thought about. Taken aback he needed a few seconds to come up with something, which would be extremely unlikely for a human to achieve. "Levitate something without touching it."
"Yes, but I'm also just any old human." Sherlock said "I mean he is causing you quite a bit of trouble, I concede that but in the end you now knew who exactly was behind the attacks and I doubt you are actually in need of my skills anymore. Wouldn't it have been convenient for you to just take your chances? I mean I could have died without fulfilling the contract leaving you overall better off. You would have known your culprit and could have kept my soul. I really can't see your reasoning behind not even trying to catch up with Moriarty." It was a painful admission to make but it had occupied his mind for most of the time he had spent in hospital. John had started behaving in contradicting ways and Sherlock wasn't sure how to place any of it. The contract was still lingering at the back of his head, how could it not, but their relationship had shifted. As much as he might have ignored it previously, recent events made it near impossible to explain it away logically.
“I am touching you”, John hummed against the pale skin, tracing the muscle line from Sherlock’s hip to his groin with his tongue.
John wanted to protest, to defend himself.
“Stop teasing now”, Sherlock demanded, crawling forward towards the edge of the bed and extending his arm to tug John closer on his belt loops. “I complied, now it’s your turn”, nimble fingers were pushing John’s jeans down, taking his pants right along and there was nothing he could or wanted to do about it.
“If he wanted to do that, you’d already be gone” Molly smiled cheerfully “So chin up and be a pretty boy.”
“About how I would need to push you to get something better than
By now Sherlock was past the point of caring about his body’s reaction he so detested. His hand had reached down to fist his aching cock and the other was clawing at the sheets. With his heat heightened senses he could smell every new puff of alpha scent he released by disturbing the neat order of sheets. Soon he found himself encased by the scent of John, not caring at all about how needy he appeared. He couldn’t even bring himself to blush self-consciously when he looked to the bedside table half dazed and found a medium sized dildo sitting on it inconspicuously. Of course the doctor had thought about everything and Sherlock quickly gripped it, flipping himself onto his front. Hands already shaking with arousal he pushed the toy up against his entrance. He probably should have at least stretched himself with his fingers before but with his cock leaking precum on the sheets and his nose filled with John’s smell, he simply pushed it in right away. The moan breaking free from his throat was half pain, caused by the sudden stretch, and half pleasure, finally satisfying the need to be filled. He gasped and rocked his hips back against his hand, getting used to the feeling. Gripping the toy at its base he tried thrusting it into himself a few times, annoyed that he simply couldn’t get it quite right. Shortly he debated if the satisfaction he would feel from sitting up balanced out the loss of the source of that wonderful smell. He hadn’t much time to decide before his heat took over again and made him sit up, knees splayed wide on the bed and the toy buried nearly all the way inside him. With his head thrown back Sherlock began to ride the fake cock inside him, gasping as he managed to hit just the right spot.
“Oh god, Anna. What did you do?”, Sarah sounded slightly horrified but also seemed intrigued. She looked around the private enclosure, Anna had rented for their party. You could still hear the sounds from the club, the music filtering through the thin walls and curtains, but you were very much for yourself. John had been positively surprised at the location the girls had found. He was sitting on a chair at the edge of the group, his water looked a bit out of place between the other’s sweet and colourful cocktails.
"Well, not for me but for you and your payment." the devil took a few steps through Sherlock's flat, it seemed like he tried to decide whether he could risk sitting down somewhere, "You see, you've run down your body quite a bit. It's not just restoring a kidney or getting rid of a smoker's lung. I can't cheat death for you and only get your soul as payment, not for long anyway. What I can do is give you 13 more years. I get your soul and you until you are 40 to do as you like, then you'll go the way you are trying to escape now."
Sherlock was completely enthralled by the situation as a whole. There was nothing quite like it which he had experienced in his life time and could use as a comparison. He had never actively been interested in this kind of physical intimacy but there was no denying that right now, he would not trade in his position. John's kisses were wonderfully distracting and he felt himself jolt a little when the other's hand wandered underneath his clothes again. Now that he was lying on his back, it was easier for it to reach across his torso, pulling the shirt up slightly as it got further up. There was a subtle difference in how John had touched him before, when he wanted to alert him to something or when he had just gotten caught up in human habits. This now was different, something new and if he had been any clearer in his mind he would have started cataloguing. Currently, his racing mind was entirely focused on John and what would happen next. He tried to predict patterns, tried to gauge where John's hands would touch next, how their lips would move on, how he would react. It quickly became apparent that whenever he had made a guess, John would contradict it and pull him into something unexpected. The sensation was thrilling, almost like running after a criminal with only the faintest of ideas of how the night would play out. It was ridiculous but glorious at the same time. Sherlock loved this high and John was freely handing it to him with no mortal danger attached. He feared he could get addicted to this.
"You are quite brilliant." John chuckled, "There was only that small idea of it all those years back but, my dear, you've got quite the brain."
Sherlock’s body wanted to reach out, keep that wonderful calm voice near that had such a delicious smell to it. He tried to reach out but the Alpha was already gone and he groaned in frustration. The pheromones surrounding him were just gearing his body up further and he couldn’t help but press his nose into the cushions. A new wave hit his body and he moaned helplessly at the onslaught. How could he have panicked at the thought of having those heavenly smells surround him? Just dimly he noticed John coming back.
"Why so?" the devil was clearly surprised. Whatever he had expected, it hadn't been this.
"Who of us was useless enough to pump himself full of drugs?" John was aware that his blows were getting low. This case though had cost him too much time and too many nerves already.
Sherlock nodded "He's Mrs. Hudson’s insurance broker but that hardly makes him an obvious choice. I'm guessing the last three victims had been pride, envy and wrath but I can't place this one. Why would Moriarty send him? There is no reason, unless he was delivering a message."
Sherlock's mouth, open to defend his story, snapped shut in confusion. There were always things you weren't expecting. To shake off his stun Sherlock quickly changed the topic, "We should get going. There might have been cases on some of your victims. Can you name the time of death of as many as possible?"
"Well thanks for that. Just do your thing and please don't harass the team too much", Lestrade sighed.
Sherlock had pulled the soft woollen fabric close, covering his bare, curled up legs with it. Even after the Alpha had left he needed quite a few gulping breaths to get his limbs under enough control to stumble to the bathroom, the blanket pulled around his shoulders. The day was bad and he was still feeling like treading on a tightrope. Sure the Alpha hadn’t exactly reacted like Sherlock had expected him to, hell like any other Alpha would have, but the doubt was sitting tight in his mind. He had been too caught up in his panic to deduce anything meaningful about the person whose property he was now. A shaking exhale later he looked up into the mirror above the sink. His eyes were swollen from the crying and tears had left tacky streaks down his cheeks. He looked so young and so lost it made him swallow hard. Quickly he wrenched the tap open and splashed the water into his face, shivering as the cold liquid hit his skin. His contemplations about what to do next were interrupted by the Alpha’s angry voice coming from somewhere at the other end of the flat, it was loud and demanding, making Sherlock wish immediately that it would never be turned against him in that tone.
"Yes, I should." he said insistently, leaning back again, "I'm somewhat dependent on you sorting out this bloody mess." In the beginning, he had had his grudges with admitting it but by now, John was sure that if Sherlock didn't solve this, he could only send the Apocalypse. Even to him that slowly seemed like a somewhat too drastic action. If actually caring, another new experience Sherlock seemed to be responsible for, had to factor into that equation, John wasn't sure.
"Violates a good chunk of them but then again, I am the Devil so, I'm good." John grinned. Apparently, Sherlock understood at least a bit about their boundaries. Although, John was sure he would get the one or other question again, probably thrown at him in an opportune moment.
"And what is that?"
“No, it’s not. You’re right” the devil shook his head and claimed one of the armchairs in front of the fire. He behaved as if he owned the place. Well, he owned Sherlock, so it was all the same. “Sit down, please”
"Yes, but usually they come with a body and don't coagulate blood on a dining table" John quickly shut the door again. Hoping that the less he saw of it, the better he could pretend this was all normal.
"He is helpful", Sherlock shrugged and lifted the coat of the corpse a bit. She was lying face down.
“It’s still a bit much, god that poor sod is nearly crying” John sighed. He was wondering how he had never actually seen Sherlock on Campus for the past years and suddenly he appeared in the cafeteria on the first day to harass students. There were several courses of action he could take now and if he hadn’t been as thick headed as he was, he’d probably have stayed with Molly, ignoring the tumult at the front of the room. But he was who he was. With a sigh he turned to Molly “Keep an eye on my things, please” and stood up. Whatever it was the person had done, John had decided it didn’t warrant public humiliation to this degree and since everyone seemed too cowardly to stand up to Sherlock, he would have to do it. He squared his shoulders and pushed through the ring of people to get to the centre.
John had to moan softly. All the tentative actions from Sherlock spoke volumes about how out of his field of expertise he was, stumbling along to follow. Quickly one strong arm was brought around the younger one’s waist to press them chest to chest. The faint gasping, which got stuck somewhere in the back of Sherlock’s throat, made John slow down even more. Now he was only languidly sliding his lips over the other’s, licking occasionally into the pliant mouth but making sure that the Omega had enough time to accustom himself with the foreign sensation. Whenever Sherlock had grasped a concept and was starting to answer more confidently, John would change things up, introduce a new variable into the equation. It was marvellous to feel the lithe body unravel on his lap. After nearly no time at all, Sherlock was involuntarily thrusting up slightly against John’s body.
Perhaps the most surprising element was the dryness of it all. Somehow he had expected more flourish, more drama, just more. If you made a deal with the devil, you would assume some grand sweeping formulations and the impending doom resonating in each word. This was just a plain contract, as if Sherlock were to rent a flat or buy a car. It stated the transaction, the requirements and the conditions under which it would stay intact. "Of course there are pitfalls" Sherlock murmured as he read over rules he would have to follow for the upcoming 13 years. He had already decided what to do the moment, he had called for the devil. Of course he had hoped for more, but it was his own fault he would only get a short grace period. With a deep sigh he took his pen and put it to the paper. 'It was entirely too easy to subscribe to eternal damnation' was his thought as he wrote his name. What a disappointment, he didn't even have to sign in blood.
The devil fixed him with his eyes. He looked exactly the same as seven years prior: smallish, broad shoulders, dirty blond hair and appalling dress sense. It only was a small comfort to Sherlock that the devil apparently liked consistency.
Sherlock ignored the last comment and just left the office. Finally, he had his first clues. They had been poorly written up but this was better than nothing at least he wouldn't have to start right from scratch with the next victim. There was a familiar excitement running through his body. The scene was laid out. All was waiting for the next move. The game was on.
Here we go again. I hope you enjoy the last chapter. See you soon :)
"Really, no idea what he tried to achieve with this one" Sherlock murmured handing John another scrap.
"It's not like I have an almighty being in my flat who could get rid of this." Sherlock huffed, pointing at his leg in annoyance.
"Plenty but it's not really my choice. It's a family business, so to speak, and you just have to go along." John chuckled just noticing how preposterous it all sounded when spoken aloud.
"Anything I can help with?" John asked, tilting his head slightly to the side.
Sherlock hummed in confirmation, eyes dancing over the other’s face and chest as if he was searching for something, “That shouldn’t have happened”
"No, they just checked you over and found one or two more issues than just the bullet that ripped through your thigh muscle." John pointed out. Luckily, there were cabs waiting in front of the hospital. Sherlock likely wouldn't rest until he was back in the flat.
“Stop fidgeting.”, John smiled and put his paper down, “And stop pretending you are something you’re not. Just get comfortable and let’s have a talk about the situation like two grown up people. I believe you are probably a brilliant, young boy and it would pain me seeing that go to waste because you have to make do on your own. Especially if I think about what will happen during your next heat or the one after that and so on. I live alone and haven’t really had the inclination of changing it, nevertheless this flat has two bedrooms. By now you’ve probably realised I’m quite well off and if you take no offence on my hours, you are welcome to look at the room upstairs. As it is you probably won’t like it but I’m sure that can be changed. Have you thought about University? I mean you clearly don’t have to but having something to occupy your time with does come in handy, or so I find.”
"Hey, I didn't come up with the idea" John held up his hand in defence.
The minutes seemed to stretch into eternity as both were debating inside their heads how to proceed. John felt like he was treading on extremely thin ice and that whatever move he made could be disastrous. In the end it was Sherlock who swallowed and then slowly raised his head off John’s lap. Biting his lower lip, he carefully swung a leg over the doctor’s lap and settled his weight on it again. They were holding each other’s gaze now, breathing having gone shallow and quick but no words were penetrating the silence around them. John had tentatively brought a hand up and settled it in Sherlock’s neck who nearly inaudibly purred at the contact of their skin. That closed the deal for the Alpha and he pressed up, gently touching their lips together and sighing when he felt the other nearly crumpling against his body.
“So, same as always” John grinned “Are you back to watching the dead now? It’s actually not the worst of jobs, is it? I mean a lot of time for studying.”
"Actually, I don't" Sherlock groaned, shifting on the couch until he had found an acceptable position with his leg up on the coffee table, "You just say so and want me to believe you."
“That’s what I told him, too.”, Anna grinned, “So, that is really all I had to say before this. I hope we enjoy it, well I hope you enjoy it since I know I will.” John realised that she was very self-assured. Something told him this would be interesting.
She playfully punched him “Stop it, I’m not some fainting maiden. But yeah, I’ve read quit a few books on it over the break and I think that’s something I could see myself ending up as. Of course I need a good deal of practice first and you don’t just get that job without work experience but hey, everyone needs a goal.”
“Mrs. Hudson, you of all people should know it’s never save.” Sherlock reminded her, striding up the stairs to his flat. “I would really appreciate tea.”
"You have the once in a lifetime opportunity to get into the good books" John answered, lightly crossing his arms in front of his chest to emulate a more comfortable pose for a human.
“Elegance? Not the word I would be using in context with crime”, John remarked and held the door to the small coffee shop near the campus open for Sherlock. The other’s gaze said all about how he thought about being treated like that but John didn’t care. He was polite and no one would change that, not even Sherlock Holmes.
“And you don’t think, you could be
“For heaven’s sake, can’t you come with a warning?” John nearly shouted surprised, throwing the books down on his desk and turning to Sherlock who was lounging, like he had done nothing even remotely wrong, on John’s bed.
“Pretty sure those were blowjobs which aren’t normally characterised as part of a conversation”, John pointed out, not being able to hold back a smile himself now.
“What’s your answer then?” Sherlock hummed, pulling back just a fraction.
Sherlock took a deep breath, taking his time to look at the person who pretended to be the devil. He was smaller than him, had dark blond hair, blue eyes, a face that he would pin at around 35. His idea of fashion was thoroughly askew since he was wearing an awful oatmeal coloured, knitted jumper and a simple pair of blue washed jeans. Even the daemons he had met, looked more the part.
The soft words of encouragement and the wonderful reactions his every action seemed to evoke, made Sherlock bolder. Soon he was moaning loudly, moving nearly erratically on John’s lap. He hadn’t assumed it would feel quite so satisfying to have the Alpha’s hard cock up his arse, stretching him deliciously open. Every move was hitting the one or other sweet spot. The Omega’s fingers were digging deep into John’s skin. He had looped one arm around the Alpha’s neck with both hands resting around the scar on the left shoulder.
“Chose a seat.”, John turned his head around over the backrest to look at the Omega standing unsure at the edge of the room, “Do you want a tea or something else? I think I still have instant coffee somewhere.” Sherlock looked at him distrusting. “Really not going to drug you. I’m not sure what they gave you initially so no toxins for you until those narcotics have cleared your system. I hope you don’t smoke because that isn’t happening either.”, John kept his tone as light as possible and got up from where he had been waiting. “Go on, you’ll have to deem something of my furniture okay to sit on.”, he smiled softly. The poor boy had nothing to do with his anger so John tried to not let it out on him, “And you still have to tell me what you want to drink.”
"Why are you asking?" John raised an eyebrow as he babysat the kettle. Since he had found out about Sherlock's knack for experimenting on everything he wasn't blindly trusting appliances anymore, even if they looked unharmed.
"I ate yesterday" Sherlock simply commented, not averting his gaze.
"Yes" John answered again with a nod. He was seeing what Sherlock tried to achieve.
The other students gaze was confused enough that John nearly started to laugh. Apparently you could still surprise the ‘great’ Sherlock Holmes. After he had found his room occupied, John had sat down and had done some research of his own, trying to figure out with what he was dealing. Gossip had only brought him that far and he really preferred data he had found himself over second or third hand opinions. During his search he had come across a very interesting site called ‘The Science of Deduction’ which was run by one Sherlock Holmes and John thought the name was unusual enough to be sure it was the person he was researching. In the beginning he had found the articles quite weird, not really being interested in the different types of tobacco ash or bees to just the extend Sherlock seemed to conduct experiments. Overall he had to admit though that what he had read was incredibly well written and he thought he had glimpsed at parts of what the other’s genius was.
"I'm not but all I can do is theoretical. I can weave together the net needed to catch him. I can plan stake outs and tell Lestrade when, where and how to take him down. I can do all of that, but I cannot catch him myself. I can barely stand up for longer than five minutes."
"Couldn't you as the devil of all, have waved your hands about and visited him. I'm sure you have your ways."
"Oh but it is" Sherlock hummed and started pacing up and down the living room, limping slightly as his leg was protesting with every step "If his deals concerned getting London's underworld under his thumb, he'll be slowly taking over all the little and large illegal dealings happening in this city, and imagine how easy it will be to spread out when you have London conquered. I don't know why that man had to die specifically but I might know what Moriarty wants." Sherlock suddenly stopped and grinned. Of course, it was easy, John didn’t even need to tell him what the deals were about exactly. He had the general idea and it was enough, Moriarty was a fanatic with just one goal. He was punishing people and Sherlock knew where every self-respecting criminal would make a move to announce their claim to power.
“Please”, Sherlock whined, his voice already completely shaken.
"But one you cannot touch"
It was about two hours until John made his way upstairs. Sherlock had used the time to plaster the wall above the couch with snippets of writing and strings of yarn. It was all pinned in an orderly web, well orderly to the one who saw the logic behind it.
Sherlock's voice suddenly was razor sharp, "I never thought the devil was one for sentimentalities"
"You mean the not existing one under which's pretence I let you look through old files?" Lestrade raised an eyebrow, slightly annoyed at being interrupted.
“I make a point of not fucking friends because it does tend to ruin friendships” he chuckled and looked at Toby with a smile “Sorry, but it’s better believe me”
"Sherlock what are these?" he called, picking up the folder right on top, flicking it open. Somehow he had developed a curiosity towards anything Sherlock kept in his flat, mostly because there was the one or other weird story attached to it.
“Okay, everyone listen up”, Anna, Sarah’s maid of honour, stood up and was motioning with her hands to stop the small group from talking. “We all know how this goes. This is said to be your last night in freedom, Sarah.” She grinned cheekily and the doctor blushed, biting her lip. John had to grin. Sarah still wasn’t comfortable with being the centre of attention although she ran a clinic. “I have asked Dominc what we were allowed to plan for you and what not. So you can rest assured that everything I thought of was signed off by your man, no need to feel guilty about enjoying yourself.”
"Does it happen often? I mean that someone tries to break the deal?"
At first, it was an agonisingly slow process. Sherlock was too quick for John to keep up and John hadn't yet figured out how to pin the scraps of paper to the wall in a fashion the detective was not totally appalled at. There were a lot of aspects of Sherlock's work which John hadn't yet figured out. Most of it seemed to take place inside Sherlock's head which was frustrating since John had no way of accessing whatever thought spiral was being followed at any given moment. At least he wasn't feeling too useless at the moment with being given a task.
Those words were the last ones spoken for quite a while. As Sherlock hit the play button all of John’s attention abruptly focused on the other. The world could have crumbled around him, he wouldn’t have noticed. The sudden intensity made John take a gulping breath, sure he would be short of it in no time at all.
"So what would have happened if you hadn't made the new deal with me? How would I have met my end then?" Sherlock asked, intrigued by the line of thought they were exploring while his body got more and more used to their close contact. He wasn't sure if John had planned the diversion but it worked wonders on his mind. Now he had a topic to concentrate on instead of worrying about the next steps.
Sherlock just shot him an annoyed look. He was poutier than usual because he didn't like to be lectured. Yes, it had been dangerous, but he also had a lot on the line which he couldn't tell Lestrade.
“I… ehrm, well I wanted to thank you for your help.”, the curly haired boy started, sounding like he was making some formal announcement, “I am grateful that you did not violate me although that was your every right. You made it clear that you do not want to have anything to do with this whole transaction. Therefor I will be out of your way now that my heat is over.”
"Just had an idea" Sherlock shrugged, stepping over the dead body, "Moriarty is a religious fanatic so it's only fitting that he's choosing people who commit one or more cardinal sins."
With some last fleeting hope he tried the two doors leading out of the room and the window. Everything was locked and nothing presented itself to be used as a lock pick. The room was proofed against him, Sherlock realised in horror. All he could do was wait for the Alpha who would be about to take away all the freedom he had had. He felt nauseous at the thought of what was about to happen and curled up in the corner of the room furthest away from the door. The Alpha would probably get off on the show of unwillingness and fear but Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to care in the eye of what we would have to face. Trembles were wrecking his body and he couldn’t hold in the tears when he heard the faint sound of a flat door being unlocked.
“Oh that’s lovely”, John had taken to babbling as Sherlock worked his mouth around his cock. The heat was spreading all the way through his body, tingling along his spine. The younger man’s head was bobbing relentlessly now. John had to bite his lip as he looked down and his gaze was met by Sherlock, pupils blown wide and nearly eclipsing the pale irises. He moaned around his mouthful and the vibrations lead to a stuttering moan from John himself. One of his hands pushed into Sherlock’s neck, not exerting any pressure just lying there on the smooth skin his fingers gently stroking over it as the other worked him closer to orgasm.
"Yeah, sorry about that." John flinched slightly.
"What were you thinking of?"
"You're not clambering up on the couch." John interjected decidedly. He would humour Sherlock's mood as long as they would not get him into trouble but letting him balance on a worn-out sofa with a gun wound to his leg was one step too far.
“Because I have friends and like them”, John chuckled, still leaning back. He felt like he was given a rare treat, having the other open up about his thought process so readily.
“Molly!” John looked at her in shock, punching her playfully “I’m not your gay, twink friend”
Sherlock laughed bitterly, "You have no idea what I went through."
John had diligently driven the girls first to dinner and then to a bar, where they had now spent quite some while dancing, drinking and having fun in general. Although he wasn’t drinking himself, John had to admit to having a great time. It was enjoyable and finally a way to forget everyday life. He was only a bit sceptic about the big showstopper that was planned. So far the night had been sweet but nothing quite fitted to what had been announced. Dinner and drinks really wasn’t that unforgettable. There still had to be something big waiting.
“John really, now you are overreacting…”
John clenched his teeth at the reminder of how he came to know the other but fought against it and pressed another soft kiss to the other’s lips. “You are lovely. You’re quite frankly a genius and although you sometimes lack basic common sense you are the most brilliant thing I’ve ever met. That’s why anyone would want you because you are a good person if you let yourself.” John placed one hand gently under Sherlock’s chin to turn his face back towards him, “Don’t tell yourself something else. I’m sure there are a lot of people who would want to be with you.”
"I'll see if we find him, go and check on Mrs. Hudson. That poor lady must have had the fright of her life" Lestrade decided and pushed Sherlock into the direction of Mrs. Hudson's flat, although the other was clearly starting to protest, "Sherlock, get out of my way. You had your time, now play at the side line for a moment. I'll tell you when I know more."
The two months spent in the doctor’s flat had changed their relationship and the way Sherlock held himself quite substantially. Where he had been all cautious and shy in the beginning, he was now loud and demanding. After he had realised that John wasn’t looking for someone tame who always thought about his actions thrice before opening his mouth, he had slowly reverted back to his normal self. The upstairs bedroom had been quickly turned into his room which John wouldn’t even come near uninvited. A lucky streak had him running across a crime scene about a week later. After he had solved the case with three sharp glances and the police officer had made sure that he himself wasn’t some mad serial killer, Sherlock was allowed in to consult on some of the cases. The first time the doctor had found out what he had been up to caught Sherlock unexpected. The praises he got went to a place somewhere deep inside him and he couldn’t deny that it made him feel warm and cherished. The way his mind worked hadn’t been the subject of much praise in the past and so the soft ‘brilliant’, ‘amazing’ and ‘wonderful’ had him preening within seconds. Nevertheless he carefully tried not to let his shifting feelings show too much. John had made clear right at the beginning that they wouldn’t bond and so Sherlock was happy with every bit of attention he could snatch. Sometimes he even managed to get the odd cuddle without making it look just like that. There was a certain technique behind his approach and he would always wait at least three days before trying again. No need to alarm the doctor he thought.
"I never do something as dumb as that. Want to go after him? Otherwise I can make you a nice cup of tea and we wait for him to calm down a bit" she smiled.
John took advantage of a moment when the group of girls was starting to get tired. He quickly got them back home to Sarah’s where they were as fresh as daises again, already opening the next bottle. Without too much fuss John managed to get himself out of the house and back on his way home. Obviously not without having them vow that they were not setting another step outside the door in the state they were in. All girls happily smiled and nodded, so John didn’t feel too bad about going home.
"Well, not everyone is about career, I suppose" John shrugged then looked at the victim, "That seems about right. Was very confused about the whole after-life thing."
Sherlock tilted his head back to rest on the cushions before answering "But you have the powers to."
"Payment first" John demanded.
John sighed as he parked his car and turned off the motor. He let his head fall back against the headrest. He had no idea how to ever look into the other’s eyes again – well, at least without blushing and getting an instant hard on. Obviously, he could change his daily routine but that would not solve his problem. Somehow John wasn’t even sure if he wanted to avoid the other. It seemed like he had an amazingly desirable human living a few feet across from his flat. Who could resist that for long?
"Okay, I'll tell you my age if I get another kiss out of you."
John had to nod in acknowledgement. Sherlock was right it had been for Sarah but still, how could he have ever guessed what the other was really capable off from that bit of a tease?
"I might not be human but my problem is so very much." the devil added gravely. He even sounded annoyed which came as a curve ball to Sherlock.
Sherlock was a bit reluctant but he couldn't really pretend he was busy anymore. He wasn't sure why he felt this hesitant to talk to John about his cases. They were all written out on the Internet, free for anyone to find and read. Still, walking John through them step by step seemed almost as if he was admitting to something. The problem was, Sherlock didn't know what that was. "There is not that much more then what Lestrade wrote in his reports."
"Only if you don't stop what you are doing" Sherlock murmured leisurely. He was just starting to calm down and feel comfortable.
Sherlock knew that he should be feeling some kind of achievement. He should be high on adrenalin, running always two steps ahead of Lestrade. He definitely shouldn't be sitting on his couch, legs elevated and a sense of dread settling in his stomach like a stone. But here he was. Someone had dropped off a corpse at his doorstep like an amazon delivery, giving him just enough to be reasonably certain how to connect Moriarty to the case and still Sherlock Holmes was sitting on his couch thinking ‘When this case is over John will be gone.’ It was irritating to say the least, but his mind simply wouldn't steer away from this thought. When the case was done and dusted, which by Sherlock's rough approximation would be within the next two days, he would get back his soul and John would vanish just as sudden as he had appeared. There would be no physical trace left and no way for Sherlock to accidentally meet him again. He would simply be gone. Sherlock hated that thought just as much as he hated himself for coming up with it. Here he was, depressed over the idea that the devil would just finally leave him alone. Perhaps it was this irony that made him believe falling as low as bargaining would be a grand idea.
“Yes, sure.”, Sherlock quickly nodded, not wanting to cause any problems.
John smiled softly, "Is that a problem? Can't we just slowly go on and see what might come and deal with it when it arrives? Because I don't know what's happening either." He dared to pull Sherlock into a gentle hug again, reassured that none of his powers were running lose.
