Sherlock wears his gift, and Danae grows jealous of John's attentions torwards Sherlock.
"I want the women to feel like they have a choice, and to know that should they choose, I will do my best to find positions for them within the court," John explained. "Many of the men the King left behind are unmarried and unattached and have shown interest in staying on with me, at least till this business with Moriarty is over."
Chapter 3! Please leave feedback if you like what you read! Thanks for the bookmarks and kudos!
Sherlock gets a new responsibility of his own.
Hi. I have gone back to reread what I have written so far and I believe that my desire to put out chapters as fast as possible has created a work that is not as detailed as I would like. So I am planning on rewriting the story. I don't plan to change anything in the story line. I only plan to elevate the language and add some foreshadowing and details into the plot. So I ask, do you mind if I start now or would you prefer me to finish the story before I rewrite. Keep in mind that I will leave this version online for those who wish to reread this. Please respond either by yes or no or with a comment under this chapter and by March 17th 2016. I will total up the opinions and go from there... Thank you for reading and giving your opinions! I love you all!
"You want me to-. Are you out of your mind?" John asked incredulously.
"Tell you? And miss out on seeing this face? Never." John pecked Sherlock's lips again and again.
"It is very likely that he was the one who ran from us in the garden," Sherlock concluded, looking up to see a cloud pass over John's face.
A polite clap sounded throughout the room.
"As long as your natural born sons can hold the city it will belong to you and your line," interupted Sherlock. At the following silence Sherlock raised his gaze to see John looking at him with an odd expression. Sherlock flushed with embarassment and ducked his head.
"And what is this?" Danae teased.
XOXOXO Readers, Writers, and Poets!
The Lord Kamal's First Wife, Sally sneered and stepped forward, "He is no medic. He is the property of the Ghian of Am-Jabad."
"What on earth are you doing?" Sherlock demanded. Half of John's bandage was tangled around his arm as if he had tried to slip out of it.
"Well, you have said most of the men here with you are single, many of prime Bonding age, why not attempt to pair some of the woman in hopes some will ask to leave the Harem?" Sherlock rubbed his neck, wincing at the dull pain he felt.
"Brilliant."
It is super late. But I am wide awake and pumping out the chapters. I am quite proud of this one... two more chapters coming after this one in rapid succession.
The Northerners who had raided Am-Jabad carried with them wickedly curved blades and stoic if yet leering faces. The inhabitants of the former Ghian's Harem trembled in fear of their uncertain futures. Lord Kamal, who had once ruled Am-Jabad and it's surrounding lands as the Ghian had been slain in battle. Being too slow and gluttonous, it was no surprise that the slovenly lord had perished when he foolishly rode his chariot outside of the gates to meet the Northern Lords on the fields of battle.
"What is your name and position here?"
"You may," Sherlock replied. John was pleased at the light blush that peppered Sherlock's striking cheekbones.
"You will be."
Sherlock flushed with the heat of the room and felt weak as if the days expense of energy was hitting him all at once. Deciding to turn in early, he placed his glass upon a table and walked towards the closest exit to the Harem. He could think of nothing but falling into bed, not even noticing that no guard stepped forward to escort him safely back to the Harem doors; his time with John, unimpeded by guards had made him forget their necessity. He stumbled forward, catching himself against the wall before sliding down to the floor, to weak to support himself.
So it appears to be a mixed bag when it comes to whether or not to go ahead and start with the rewrite. So my plan now is to just continue posting chapters here, and then if I get a serious case of writers block I will go ahead and post the revised version. I will let you guys know and post a link when I have the new version up but for now I will continue with the story as is. Thank you guys so much for caring enough to comment and post your opinions. I’m glad to know I have somewhat of a regular following on this story.
Conclusion: To meet a co-conspirator.
A sudden silence struck the room as all eyes turned attentive at the last arrival. Sherlock stood on the top step of the entryway, for the first time appearing shy and uncertain. Danae frowned at John's attention being diverted from her. Most of the guest seemed to be exclaiming over Sherlock's robes, both over it's luxury and at the similarity it held to John's robes.
LOTS OF LOVE TO ALL YOU READERS, WRITERS, and POETS!
It took a week, with many days spent in mild yet worrying fever for the man to return to consciousness. As he had cared for him, Sherlock had noticed many things in his hours of constant study. Common Northern soldier, approximately late 20's early 30's. Respected and trusted by king. The king drove the man to safety in his own chariot. Scratch that, the man is the chariot driver, he thought while noting the calluses between thumb and forefinger and along the palms. Favorite of the king as noted by the urgency in his voice, as well as the soldiers as noted by Murray's urgency not just to follow the king's orders but to save the man's life.
Molly sighed and sat back. They had done everything possible for the man, with Sherlock as Molly's assistant, they had quickly seen to the man's injuries and given him Essence of Poppy for the pain. Molly went to inform the King's man on the charioteers condition leaving Sherlock alone at his side.
"A dance!" Danae gasped, whirling with delight. Several of the other woman giggled and began to plan their outfits for the event.
"Now, enough seriousness. A toast! To the victory of our King, and the future liberation of the South! May peace come swiftly, and may everyone find their way home safely."
Sherlock froze in the mirror where he was washing his face with a moist towlette.
"I simply must go and find Lord John for a dance," Danae exclaimed. "I will see you tomorrow?" she twirled off without waiting for a reply, her head seemingly empty of nothing except for the enticement of John into her bed.
"Hmmm?" John turned to Sherlock attentive.
"When I heard of the Northern army approaching all I could think of was getting away from Kamal. I couldn't stand the thought of being trapped within the palace confines for the rest of my life. Rather perish by the sword than from the drudgery of servicing some lording Alpha," Sherlock looked out through the window towards the horizon.
"Git." John mumbled so only Sherlock could hear.
Sherlock had been a rare prize for the slavers block. It wasn't often that a young untouched male Omega found his way there, and the buzz had drawn the Ghian out of the heart of the the city and into the slavers slums to see the beauty being boasted of by the slave trader Moran.
"Good to be awake sir," John joked. "And ready to push on to the next city."
Sherlock relaxed slightly and held the gown closed tightly around himself.
"Second, anyone who is pregnant-"
Omega females are known for carrying multiples, especially with Alphas. It is known to occur in male Omegas yet never each resulting term. Omega males do however tend to have less intense labors no matter the amount of children being born. This reason is not quite known, but this does tend to result in longer fertility life and less comlications of male Omegas during pregnancy as long as they make it past the first trimester.
"Well, once this war is over, it is likely that I will return home. I have some affairs to settle before I can relocate permanently. If you would like, maybe you could accompany me?" John watched Sherlock's face hesitantly for his reaction which didn't disappoint.
Thinking of Mary, John couldn't help but frown. He had had feelings for her that, while he hadn't acted on, lent a fierce protective nature towards both her and her father. Lestrade had always said that John was a highly competent warrior and should he ever leave the medical profession, he would place him as a General of his army posthaste. John always smiled at the praise, but his place was at his King's side, not behind the lines dispatching orders to runners while his men died.
"Well, who else would I want beside me?" John asked with a smile.
When John woke to the warm Southern breeze and the faint smell of honey and incense he thought he had died a warrior's death and been rewarded by the Heavens. He groaned as he tried to stand, his legs shaking like a newborn colt before he had to sit once again.
An alert did eventually sound. But it was the sound of an incoming email, not a video chat.
"At the feast, there will be a number of unBonded Northern soldiers, as well as a few Betas and Alphas from the court and surrounding Guild families who are seeking wives. The Ghian has granted them permission to come with the intention of applying for the hand of a lady from the Harem. He has promised that no one will be forced into a match, but encourages you to seek your best oppurtunity."
The crowd erupted and whistled. Cheers and flashes assaulted Sherlock's senses as Irene bought him forward to bow and then handed him his final bouquet. Sherlock smiled at his old dance partner and accepted her kiss upon his cheek. Turning once again to bow thrice at the audience and shake Mr. Simmons hand.
"Thank you by the way. And not just for now. I never thanked you for taking care of me, when I was in the fever." John clarified.
John hurriedly scooped up the silk dressing gown  he assumed was Sherlock's and draped it over his shoulders.
Sherlock rushed about, running errands and arranging last minute details with the kitchen and waitstaff. He hadn't had time to bathe or change for the feast yet. His hair was limp from the heat and his pace rapid as he went from the ball room to the hosting room where the table was being laid with stemware and centerpieces.
Most Ghian's left the screen doors to the Pleasure Room open when visiting the Harem. Though John had renamed it the Regents Room, its original name was all Sherlock could think about as he entered it for the first time. The maids had replaced the mattress with a new one of soft feathers and down. The silk from Lord Kamal's days had been replaced with a cool material that Sherlock recognized as linen. Placing his hand gingerly on the blankets he drew them back and shed his robe.
"Sherlock!" John shouted. But then quieted as he saw Sherlock flinch and tense, his gaze intent on the floor and his demeanor made him appear so very small.
"I need your help," John asked, he then helped Sherlock rise to his feet.
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 to you all! sorry I ghosted you...
Younger omegas have longer and/or more intense Heats versus older Omegas.
Looking down at the woman who had been beating the young girl he commanded her in Common.
Sherlock blushed at his thought process, greatful that the moon was too waned to showcase the rosiness staining his cheeks.
"You want me to stay? In the Harem?" Sherlock queried.
"Exotic?" John guffawed. "Never been called that before. Most people just say sturdy."
"I want to begin talks with the woman of the Harem, see which ones decide to stay and which ones have capabilities to be more independent." John continued to shift through the papers, speed reading to make sure everything was in order.
Please feel free to comment on how you are enjoying the story, your opinions, or your theories about what is happening next. Don't worry about your posts changing the story though! I've already got the timeline written up for this story. It's only a matter of bridging events!
John reacts to Sherlock's deduction powers.
"Yes, I observe and then deduce your intentions. It's quite simple really. People are just too stupid to notice the things I notice," Sherlock replied dismissively.
"No, to see if any of them suddenly want to leave."
Betas and Omegas can be just as large as Alphas, though Omegas tend to be of average size as their penis's aren't biologically functional.
"Answer me!" Murray said once again, searching for the location of the medic.
"That seems like a great idea. Have you discussed with anyone in the Harem about whether they want to stay?" John's hands moved along Sherlock's shoulders and neck, gently squeezing and tracing muscles until Sherlock groaned in relief.
Lifting the garment, Danae held it aloft by the shoulders so the folds fell to the floor, she draped the robes over the bed so it could be viewed as a whole. A sky blue tunic of light fitted linen long enough to cover Sherlock from neck to ankle, with fitted sleeves and a layer of small overlapping golden plates. It was belted by a belt of woven white-dyed interwoven leather loops held by a gold buckle. An over robe of sumptuous satin of a darker blue was lined inside with golden silk, intricately emroidered with leaves and flowers. It was absolutely-
John noticed the quiet in Sherlock's voice after his statement.
John looked up as Sherlock entered his chambers without knocking.
"John, you've been seriously injured. And I don't think it's best-"
"Someone has been found, but- we aren't sure if it is the same one who attacked you. Do you remember anything from the attack?" John asked.
"Since she is older, yeah. Malcolm will likely be given the dower farm; not a bad peice of land for a fourth born child. And Malcolm always preferred a quieter life anyways. Now if Harry were an Omega, it would only go to her in the event of Malcolm and I passing on without heirs. In the North, an Omega can only inherit if from their spouse of if they are the oldest sibling of other Omegas. There have been cases of land holdings being willed to Omega's though," John added.
John and Sherlock fell into a routine; mainly of John starting a sentence and Sherlock knowingly finishing it or handing him a document in an increasingly omniscient manner. John barely finished a thought before Sherlock was by his side fleshing out the details or providing documents to be signed to the effect of John's intention.
"So you like it, and not just because I gave it to you?" John asked, smiling hesitabtly.
"First Wife!" Danae knelt in deference and tears welled in the corners of her eyes. "I am sorry for my offence and transgression."
Sherlock smiled, 'I didn't do it for the North.'
"Gods, why one earth would they want to stay?"
"He's long gone anyways John," Sherlock this time was the one to guide John back to the lights of the ballroom. "Come, you have more people who wish to kiss your ring."
"Sherlock, come look at the dress I'm going to wear! It needs just a little something to finish it. You know the Ghian, maybe you can help!" Danae rushed to remove her dress from the wardrobe, presenting it with a flourish.
Sherlock appeared shocked at this invitation and seemed hesitant as he sat beside John in a spot usually reserved for honored guests.
"John, I spoke with the ladies and-" Sherlock looked up from the scroll in his hand to see John standing by his washbasin without his shirt. He paused uncertainly.
"Another city, John," came the voice of his sovereign on the chariot beside him.
"Sherlock, is it so terrible? Being here in the palace I mean," John asked.
"The prestige? The luxury and lifestyle? Plus the chance to service an exotic foreigner," Sherlock deadpanned.
"Go get John, discreetly. And four guards. Tell John that Sherlock needs him," Murray ordered.
John now spoke in the Common language so everyone could understand him, "Good, then as Regent of Am-Jabad and now your ruler I appoint you-" he stopped and looked at Sherlock questioningly.
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
"It was the best suit available to me. And I believed it would be rude to turn down your gift," Sherlock looked sideways to see a slight frown on John's face. "It would also be a waste to not where something so obviously tailored to me. I am very greatful for your gift my lord."
"This bandage is old, and I'm healed enough that I need a smaller one," John complained.
"Sherlock, dinner will start soon, you must go and change." John ordered.
"Well then we better head home," John kissed Sherlock's lips and then finished drying off.
"Take her to the palace gates." John commanded.
In Common Sherlock addressed him, "Sir?"
Sherlock looked up in surprise at the wonder spreading on John's face; his earlier blush returned with a vengeance.
"My parents owned a rather large library. Once I presented, I was unable to go where I wanted. The library was by far the most interesting place I was allowed to go. Before my parents-" Sherlock cut off to see John listening with interest. "Well, before I came here I had nearly finished its entire contents."
"Rule Am-Jabad in my stead while I continue on to An-Bara. I trust you implicitly and what better way to award years of such loyal service." Lestrade replied. "And trust me, I've heard tales that the Harem of Am-Jabad rivals even that of the capitals."
"I should like to see your homeland," Sherlock sighed wistfully. "I can only imagine walking through a garden of trees so tall they reach the sky. And seeing nothing but grass for miles on the plains."
"Weeding out the Harem," John answered.
Sherlock relayed all of his deductions that he had made the previous night, adding in the story of seeing the man working as a server who had given him a drink, obviously laced with whatever had incapacitated him the night before.
"You- You would let me leave the palace?" Sherlock was shocked at such an invitation. "It isn't proper for an unBonded Omega to travel-."
John snapped the reigns of Lestrade’s chariot as it led the army's procession through the gates of Am-Jabad. The city had fallen quickly once it’s Lord had fallen, not wishing to spend the blood of its sons against a vastly well-trained and successful army. John felt pride in his heart for his King and the men he fought beside. As Royal Surgeon and Physician, John was allowed an intimate look at his King that few saw, and what he saw was a man who wanted the return of his daughter.
Fertile Omegas, male and femal will remain in Heat a minimum of four days unless impregnated or suffering from other sexual or physical dysfunction such as malnutrition or dehyrdation. But such conditions will also create a more difficult Heat the following term.
"I am Sally Donovan, Beloved First Wife of the Harem," she purred.
Additional conclusion: He was only a pawn. There is another here who still plots against me; potentially even against John.
"A feast in celebration of the Northern victory," Sherlock corrected.
"You honestly wouldn't mind being given to a stranger? One you have no knowledge of and one who might not even speak your language?" Sherlock had noted most of the men didn't speak and of the Southern dialects.
In this world, Alphas do not have ridiculously big cocks. Alphas do however have more enlarged testes, especially if they are Bonded or constantly around unBonded Omegas due to pheremone influence on hormone production. Alpha's also have much shorter refractory periods to satisfy Omegas in Heat regardless of age. They have an abnormal stamina, even if they are older.
John pulled on Sherlock's dancebelt. The band snapping against the skin of Sherlock's arse, wet from sweat and the water from the shower. Kneeling behind Sherlock, John lingered to kiss, lave, and then suck bruises into the firm flesh of Sherlock's rear. Sherlock moaned at the sensation and leaned on his forearms against the shower wall. Water hit his shoulders and sluiced down his back. John's hands steadied his hips before grabbing his cheeks and squeezing firmly. John slowly spread them apart, using his tongue to roughly lick from sacrum over his hole and down to suck on his balls. Sherlock gasped at the sensation, setting his feet apart even wider.
"Tonight, we say goodnight and farewell for the last time to one of our principle dancers. He has grown up in the shadow of this theatre, he has toiled and trained, he has performed gracefully for six long years. We will miss his presence on the stage, but we know that he will continue to influence this company as he goes on to train the next generation of dancers. We at the company wish you Sherlock, a long career with us at the Royal Ballet School, and we thank you for your many years as an artist. Your ambition and commitment to your art has been unparalleled, and this stage will never forget you."
"Our futures?" Danae gasped, a hand resting upon her chest in shock.
"Sherlock," John strode forward quickly, placing the tray on the bedside table. Sitting on the edge of the bed, he placed his palm on his patients' forehead and viewed his pupils. "How are you feeling?"
And anyone in between!
"It's good to see you awake," the king smiled.
Sherlock winced.
"How long was I out for-." John gasped and looked up at Murray's concerned eyes. "The king!"
"Come on, I could use another set of hands anyways." John laughed as Sherlock started forward as if jarred from a daydream.
"Thank god they never have you dance in this," John tugged at the band of Sherlock's dancebelt. "I never would have gotten a ticket. As it was, I had to beg your brother to find one last minute."
"So you saw?"
Danae hoped that her friendship with Sherlock would help her case for staying, but having a beautiful dress couldn't hurt.
"Go to the others, I can finish." he commanded, quickly becoming used to his power. Normally, sally made sure he was the last to be attended to. Letting him prune and soak in lukewarm water as she never allowed the hot water to flow after she left the baths. She was always first to leave.
"You came. How did you- I thought you couldn't. What did- You didn't sign up for another tour just to come home now did you?" Sherlock demanded.
Knowing the man was asking for his name, Sherlock replied.
"Sir?" John swallowed hard.
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
"Staying on? Does this mean that you plan on staying in the Southern Cities indefinitely?" Sherlock looked up from the scribes desk where he had been taking notes before quickly returning his eyes to his writings.
The door banged open at his groan, and Murray came in with a tray of food and wine.
"The King has gifted this city to me in perpetuity, meaning-"
"Yes John, my parents are dead," Sherlock quickly stated.
"Sherlock, you must know- I do not see you that way. You are madly brilliant and beaut- quite handsome. And I do solemnly belive that there should be no Harem at all. I was inclined to keep it solely as it is a tradition that I believe the castle would be at odds if I discontinued it," John winced. "Now, saying this, it seems a poor excuse as many would think I am just keeping it for the women."
John dismissed the guards to the outer hallway once they had swept through and cleared his apartments. Going to his bed, he turned down the covers as best as he could, placing Sherlock between the sheets. Sherlock, who had been non responsive since being found in the hallway, seemed to sigh as John removed his heavy outer clothes and belt and then tucked the coverlet up to his chin. Smiling weakly at Sherlock's response, John let out an sharp exhale. Sherlock had come so close to being irreparably harmed. John quietly stood and exited the room to give an order to one of his men.
Returning her focus to Sherlock she stood on tiptoe to whisper in his ear, "I'll be waiting for you in the shower." She winked flirtatiously and- hopefully- jokingly before racing off in the direction of his dressing room. Sherlock could only sigh at her continued ridiculousness.
"Sherlock dear, I've been looking quite everywhere for you. Wherever have you been?" Danae called, sweeping forward to latch onto Sherlock's arm. "You must be thirsty," she raised an arm to a passing server who held a single glass of champagne, obviously on the way back to the service station to refill his tray. Scooping up the glass himself Sherlock downed it quickly without thought, the cool chapagne going smoothly down his throat.
John turned to Murray who stood at his side. "Could you escort Miss Danae to the table mate?"
John pinched his nose, "I don't believe in that Bill, you know that."
For some reason Sherlock couldn't help but smile.
John smiled brightly as he steered Sherlock towards the head of the table.
Sherlock stripped off his costume quickly, not bothering that it was cast away limp on the floor. He rushed into the shower and plastered his sweat soaked body onto John's. John's arms came around him and Sherlock could only shake with happiness.
John once asked Sherlock how he could possibly predict so many of John's requests.
"I am sorry that John couldn't come Sherlock," a quiet filled the air. "But I would gladly dance anything that comes from that brilliant mind of yours. She stubbed out her cigarette and stood to place a kiss on Sherlock's lips. Sherlock allowed it only for the taste of nicotine, moaning as she left.
Murray, as well as Danae were sat on the left side of John, and Sherlock to John's right. Danae, had insinuated herself between John and his friend in attempts to recapture his attention.
The path to his bathroom had been cleared and had a trail of clothing leading to the cracked door.
Sorry for the long time no write... Hope you enjoy the chapter and hope I can get you a new chapter by tomorrow!
"A brother. Older. Bit of a git. He's likely halfway across the Gabon on some merchant caravan or another." Sherlock dismissed the discussion with a wave of his hand.
Betas can impregnate and Bond with Omegas yet most Beta/Omega couples occur through purchase by wealthy Betas or arranged marriages of freeman Omegas.
"Your dress. It is- quite something, Miss?"
John opened the door and gasped at the sight of Sherlock naked and submissive. The man who he had secretly been watching give orders to the staff was no submissive. His time spent in the Harem must surely have broken his spirit somewhat.
“Last I saw, Lady Mary was well. She was quiet, but no more than reasonable due to her circumstances. Leaving home and going off to a strange land to marry a strange man you’ve never met before,” Sherlock continued.
"Sherlock," John said, grasping his arm. "Are you sure you want to go in?"
Lestrade's face shifted at John's words.
"Give me an example," John requested, putting asid the paperwork and looking at Sherlock intently.
"Apart from your people and a few well established nobles, the Harem were the only unknowns at the party. I'm going to see what opinions have changed and who wants to run off with who. Who knows, maybe one of the ladies objected to someone with two left feet."
John laughed brilliantly before pulling Sherlock by the hair into their first kiss in almost ten months.
"In the Harem?" John asked.
As the ladies entered the steam filled room and stripped off their garments, they hesitated and allowed Sherlock his choice of pools and didn't settle until he entered the water. The steam curled around his body as he submerged himself under and wet his curls. A eunuch came to attend him as he had attended Sally. Working a lather of lavender oil soap into Sherlock's hair before letting Sherlock duck back under to rinse. The eunuch then added oils for shine and scrubbed Sherlock's back and arms before Sherlock took away the soap and sent him away.
“Is that a pun?” asked Sherlock and they smiled at each other.
“We know about the affair. With Archie? We know about him and you. How after your divorce you may have needed a friend?” he said. His hands went out toward her in a calming motion, palms down.
“Good,” said John and he withdrew his hand and walked away back to their bedroom.
And now we have the situation with Victoria Hughes and Tabitha Simpson. Had we delayed, Tabitha would be a corpse and Victoria would have gone to ground somewhere. As it stands, and because of your courage, forward thinking, and fortitude, Victoria is in custody and is standing trial for murder, kidnapping, attempted murder, aggravated assault, GBH, and insurance fraud. And all that, my dear doctor, is down to you. By yourself. Alone.”
“Who says I haven’t been?”
“Then why are you running?” asked John.
The pressure was building in his belly, a low burning heat that was rising far too quickly. John had moved to snake his hand beneath the waistband and was now gently caressing his cock, fingers idly probing the frenulum between languid strokes, attempting to draw out the burn and make it last, but it was having the opposite effect; the burn was becoming a conflagration.
The Bethnal Green Road was clogged with traffic when they emerged from the underground.  Catching a cab would be pointless, so they walked. Sherlock and John would normally run down the streets, dodging people left and right, but that damned boot was on Sherlock’s foot. John could see Sherlock’s annoyance in his face. If they had a clock to beat, if time were of the essence, John would have to ditch Sherlock and he knew it. It twisted his gut.
“Hateful, yes,” said Sherlock. Sherlock was limping along as fast as he could go.
“A nun teaching adults catechism, apparently,” said John, still continuing to dig, only in a different corner of the room. “Supposed to be funny. Audience participation and all that. Sherlock discounted it. Our guy, he said, would want a show to himself, but he was definitely not going to go out there as a Carmelite nun in full habit.”
Sherlock hummed distractedly.
“I don’t know. I mean… I just thought that you appreciated me more, I suppose.”
“Bored?” asked Sherlock. “She was bored? How? She was no doubt wealthy and could take herself off to anywhere to stave off boredom. What had she to complain about?”
But it was true. John hadn’t been very helpful. He had just followed him around and watched him think. Sherlock may as well have carried a goldfish in a bowl around the streets of London with him for all the help he had given him. It was hateful, that staring. He had had enough of it. It was expectant. It was practically demanding. Was it any wonder he had lost his temper and pursued the criminal alone? After all, John had left first.
Sherlock’s head remained above the rolling waterline, throbbing and painful, but the bleeding seemed to have stopped. But the blood he had managed to lose, plus the sheer exhaustion of fighting each and every wave that had been coming through had taken its toll. Every now and again he would sink, the cold water seeping into his lungs, and he would thrash violently back to wakefulness, his biology struggling to survive.
“About what?”
John could feel the pressure in his own cock now. He wasn’t sure that he wasn’t going to come right along with Sherlock. It had been donkey’s since he’d seen him like this: eyes closed, Adam’s apple exposed and bobbing with every swallow, cheeks flushed pink, sweat matting the baby hair of his fringe. Dear God in Heaven, he was glorious.
“What?” When Sherlock didn’t respond right away, he rubbed his knuckles on Sherlock’s breastbone. Sherlock came awake with a small grunt. “What’s that about a shoe?”
“Yes…. Yes John.”
“Please, John. Need to touch you too.” As if to emphasize his point, Sherlock pulled John into a passionate kiss with one hand to the back of John’s head. His other hand busied itself with the previous activity. John didn’t stop him. Sherlock soon had both his hands working at John’s belt and flies until John’s manhood was freed and Sherlock could stroke him at liberty.
“That’s because she’s in the vacant one next door, isn’t she, Sherlock?” asked John. He had a hand over the wound on his arm. He was bleeding through his clothing and his breath was a bit shaky, but Sherlock could see he was none the worse for wear. His cab ride had been torturous, and his mind spun with the possibilities of the potential outcome. He would have never forgiven himself if Victoria had shot him. His relief upon seeing him alive and well had been overwhelming.
“Right, I’m not your actual doctor, you know. And you are a grown man. You are meant to be responsible.” John pulled the straps across and secured the thick Velcro with no small difficulty.
“Yeah, I don’t think that’s a real saying, Sherlock,” said John. He swept the scraps of paper and waste into a small bin and packed up the rest of the medical supplies, shelving it in the kitchen. Sherlock was nose-deep in a new e-book by the time he got to the sitting room.
“Do you have any rope in your car?” John asked him.
“What I can tell you is this: in this grand adventure, it makes a considerable difference to me, having someone with me on whom I can thoroughly rely. And you have always been that someone, John. Together or apart, you are always with me. And I with you. I can depend on you and you can count on me. All right? Can we finally put this specter hanging over our relationship to rest? Will you finally concede that this job is dangerous and that we will do what we can in whatever circumstances to do it to the best of our collective abilities even if we cannot do it side-by-side? Can you make that sort of commitment once and for all?”
In his head, he began as he did in the cave all those weeks ago:
It was a matter of moments before John and Sherlock were given an address for Victoria Hughes. “I guess she’s re-taken her maiden name after the divorce,” said John.
“He says it’s because he was embarrassed,” said Lestrade. “They had had an argument and she packed a bag and stormed off.”
“Mmm… I will endeavor to do my best,” murmured Sherlock. His eyes were closing, his head was cocking back, and his breath was growing shallow again. John kissed him softly.
“You know, I’m beginning to see what Sherlock sees in you,” said Lestrade.
“To get a flannel,” said John. “We need to get cleaned up and get some rest. Both of us.” Without another word, he padded off to the bathroom. After cleaning himself up, he returned to Sherlock with a warm, wet flannel. Sherlock was sound asleep. John watched him from the doorway for a few long moments before turning and closing the door behind him. Sherlock could bathe in the morning. For now, John thought, a kip on the couch wouldn’t kill him.
The black was impenetrable. He couldn’t see his blood-stained hand in front of his face. Hours must have passed with him laying there. Sand, broken shell, seaweed, and jutting rock were everywhere as he attempted to shift again. It was then he became aware that he was soaking wet as his clothing stuck to him and his feet squished in his saturated socks and shoes. All this might have been taken in stride: the broken ribs, the bleeding scalp, the wet clothing, except his right lower leg was being uncooperative. It wouldn’t move. It seemed stuck to the place where it lay. It seemed broken. He raised his head to estimated the damage and lowered it back down with a muttered “Stupid” when he realized that he was still in the dark. He would have to sit up to probe his lower leg. Or he could turn on his side, but with the craggy rocks underneath and all around and the shattered ribs on that side, any movement would be painful.
“I hadn’t guessed that I was such an object of fascination, no.”
“Mate. We’re stood in a bleedin’ CASTLE.”
“Barnum was setting a trap for you!”
“It did,” he said, “six weeks ago when your surgery sutures were still healing. Now that’s all done, and your leg is on the mend, it still needs support, so you are going to wear this boot if I have to knock you out in order to strap it on you myself.”
“Who are you? Why do you know this? Who’s ‘we’?” she asked.
“Where did he go?” asked Lestrade, running a hand through his hair.
“Right,” said Lestrade. “But we’re lowering you down. No telling what’s under that water or how deep or shallow it is. Help me shift this rock up and away, then we’ll get the rope around you and lower you using the pulley.” He stopped and chuckled. “Never thought I’d be grateful to a bad guy for making a rescue easier.”
There was a knot in John’s stomach. It began when he had gotten home and not found Sherlock, only his text on his phone. He had managed to ignore the knot as it build up and build up for the entire day. Now it was six times the size it was a moment ago.
“Who the hell are you?!” she said. Her knuckles were white on the steering wheel.
“Stop dwelling,” said John. “Let’s go.”
“I thought you said that the wound needs to air out?” said Sherlock as he peered through his microscope at the kitchen table. He wore his blue dressing gown and some boxers and little else. What he was supposed to be wearing was the support boot the surgeon’s office gave him. It was a gigantic bulky black affair with steel supports and lots of wide Velcro straps. It itched and was too warm and it weighed too much, and Sherlock hated it.
“Blood,” said John.
“You fucking LIAR!” Victoria tore out of her vehicle and ran down the street, past John and the cab. John gave chase. He caught her by the left arm, and she spun around quickly to face him. John saw a flash of silver and, before he could react, he felt a searing pain along his arm. He let her go and she faced him brandishing a stiletto. “You stay the fuck away from me! I haven’t done anything!”
John could hear sirens in the distance. He hoped they would blend in with all the other city sounds so it wouldn’t spook Victoria. She still had her car pointed right at him, after all. Should she become alarmed, she could mow him down in a heartbeat. John tried not to think about what Sherlock had said about his suspicion that she might have killed her ex-husband instead of divorcing him. He had to get her out of that car. Or, he had to get into it.
“You thought what?” asked Sherlock.
John broke the surface right behind Sherlock and cradled him once again. “All set,” said John. “We just have to wait for rescue. Lestrade’s with me. His team is on the way. We’ll get out of here.”
It was either going to drown him or bear him up and out to sea and then drown him.
The red on the wall was caked and mostly dry. Lestrade touched it with a fingertip. “Only a few hours old,” he said.
What he didn’t understand was how he came to this cavern, stinking of low tide? He tenderly attempted a deep breath. At least two of his ribs were broken on the left side, he estimated, perhaps three. Shifting his weight slightly was agony. His head pounded. A hand felt in his curls and located a deep laceration of the scalp and wet sticky blood. He grunted and opened his eyes for the first time.
But the fire was back. His cock, half limp at first, was filled in an instant, the throbbing of it insistent. Sherlock’s hands found the back of John’s head and caressed him, willing himself not to explode too quickly or jerk his hips up toward him too hungrily. It came back to him instantly and he mentally chided himself for not seizing upon it sooner.
It was three storey building along a tiny cobblestone street off the side street off the main road. Just a tad out of the way and off the beaten path enough to be able to hold someone hostage and not awaken suspicion, John thought. He noticed that the building itself contained five addresses total, the address in question, and four other homes, one of them with a for sale sign on it. The address they were looking for was number 48. It sat as the fourth door in, with the vacant home just next door, further along.
He grabbed her wrist that held the knife and pulled it from her grasp. She screamed and kicked him and then howled in pain.
“Yeah?”
“And that would be the key word: obvious,” said Sherlock.
The shock of cold water touching his scalp woke him. The nausea took over from there. Sherlock breathed deeply, calming the instinct to wretch. He was concussed, that much was certain. And the water had gotten closer. The back of his head now rested in a small puddle. Seaweed tickled at his ear.
“Y-yes, John. I h-have tried,” said Sherlock. His hands gripped the bedclothes and the edge of the mattress.
They climbed carefully, the stairs being dangerous not only because of their narrow, steep, and decidedly non-Euclidean design, but because the steps themselves were caved in and worn with use throughout the centuries.
“Both,” she said. “Not that anyone cared. Not that anyone did anything about it.” But she began to look around. “What’s going on? Did you call the police?”
Another wave came over him and he perceived himself floating higher. The undulation of the water beneath him as the wave came in caused his leg to twist and Sherlock cried out with the shock of the pain. The cave cried out back to him.
The sound came again, a dull roar building to a crescendo and fading off again. Where was he again, exactly? Oh yes. The actor-turned-thief-turned-murderer. How dramatic of him to put together a final confrontation in the bowels of a deserted castle ruin on the craggy coast of England. Sherlock cursed his instinct toward the piece of theater. He knew it had been a trap. He wasn’t stupid, just intrigued. And so he arrived at the appointed hour and took up his role of “duped investigator” and “audience”, allowing the man to take his time and enjoy the part, spilling all his machinations out to Sherlock in a frenzied and almost bewildered explanation of “how he done it”.
“Approximately five months, three days, and one hour.”
“Right,” said John. “Poor Tabitha.”
“Uh…” Sherlock swallowed hard.
“On whether or not she killed her late husband.”
“What? She didn’t kill him. They were divorced.” John couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Surely, she hadn’t lied to her entire family about getting a divorce.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him. “Perhaps not.”
“Of course,” said Lestrade, “but he hasn’t had her declared dead. So, there’s nothing for him to collect.”
“Elevating it properly…” continued John, his breath warm on Sherlock’s ear, his nose in his curls. John’s other hand moved along Sherlock’s hip, up his side, and along his belly. Sherlock’s breath went shallow as John inched toward his cock.
“Got it,” said John, grunting a bit with the effort. “Ready? One, two, THREE!”
The next day, Sherlock wore his boot, did his exercises, and complained as little as he felt it was possible. That evening, he watched John over the top of his phone. He was absorbed in a medical journal reading an article on the latest drug that had come on the market for arthritis. Sherlock was fairly certain that even though John seemed entirely focused on the article, John could feel him from across the room ready to come out of his skin.
Sherlock came first. The build came slowly, but Sherlock’s breath stuttered as it always did just seconds before his release. John lived for that sound. He had almost forgotten how completely debauched and erotic it was. Sherlock’s hips drove toward him and cum spattered between them both, thick and white. The sight of it caused John to careen toward release. He thrust his own hips into his hand, against Sherlock’s spent cock and, almost at the last second, pushed Sherlock onto his back and straddled him, his cum issuing from him and all over Sherlock’s belly and chest. He watched it spurt forth and then saw Sherlock’s hands smooth it into his skin, mixing both of their cum together and further along his body, eventually gliding it over his nipples and up to his neck, over his collarbones and back down along his belly.
"He couldn't get the leave," he muttered before returning to his motions, which were more aggressive than earlier. "And I'm not retiring Irene, just leaving the stage lights to younger bodies. I've already been offered a senior instructors position at the Royal Ballet School, and I've already started working on the choreography of my own ballet. Once I've left, I'll have time to actually write it up; maybe you'll be performing it in a few years, if you're still planning on dancing until you drop that is."
"Yes, an older beta sister, Harriet. And then two younger brothers. Henry is an Omega and Malcolm the youngest is a Beta. Harriet will likely take over my familys' holdings now that I am here."
"Yes." Sherlock said as John pumped. "Yes. Yes. Yes. YES!"
"Sherlock. My name is Sherlock."
"Can't wait to have my new Omega rutting on me all night. I'm gonna fuck you so hard you'll be carrying multiples. That's right." Lord Kamal giggled maniacally as he slapped Danae hard on the ass and her cry filled the room as he climaxed.
A quick knock startled her from her reverie.
"Yes, it is his wish to settle everyone into a position where they can possibly become independent. He will not force us from the Harem but he seeks to greatly reduce our number."
Dinner and Dancing coming up next!
*blows of pistol smoke*
"I couldn't care what you do. Marry a soldier from the regiments if you like. But seek no support or shelter from me, regardless of who you marry." John stepped out of her grasp so she fell onto the floor.
"I'll see you when you have taken a turn with all the ladies. Go, John." Sherlock gently pushed John forward into the swarm, John smiling at him before being forced to turn his attentions to the crowd.
The woman of the Harem find out their numbers will soon be drastically shortened as they prepare for the feast.
"Danae!" came the shrill voice of Sally from down the hall. She had appointed two of the ten eunuchs as her constant guards as soon as the Northerners had taken the city.
"I know it is," Sherlock replied, confused as to what John had assumed.
"Murray," came a shout from down the hall as John quickly arrived with four trailing guards and Murray's companion.
"Don't be ridiculous John, I'm the only one who could definitively identify the body. And you know I'm not squeamish," Sherlock explained. "Besides, a mysterious murder? It's the best birthday gift one could ask for!"
"You should have had a healer do this," Sherlock came behind John and helped him extricate himself from the tangled mess.
"Let me know if anyone finds the suspect. No matter the hour, you come and wake me." John ordered.
Once John expressed appreciation for Sherlock's talent of deduction their relationship blossomed into one of easy comraderie. In their meetings, John treated him as an equal, just as he treated his men. John listened to his advice and often differed to Sherlock's expertise, asking for Sherlock's opinion on most matters. John never censored himself in front of Sherlock, trusting him with sensitive information from the movements and progress of the Northern army to stories of John's childhood running in the wild forests of his homeland.
"-Sherlock, please come to the Regents Room when you have finished. I must run an errand but I would like for you to wait for me there."
But John wanted him now.
"How many of us does he wish to keep here in the Harem," a voice asked from the back of the courtyard.
Sherlock's heart pounded as he neared the man who now presumably owned him body and soul.
Happy New Years Kiddies!
"Get off," Sherlock slurred. Pushing as weakly as a newborn kitten against the shoulder of the man who was now undoing his belt and insinuating himself between Sherlock's legs. Sherlock whimpered in helplessness while he was disgusted at himself for being powerless to stop the assault. All he could smell was the sweat of the man's skin and the sharp tang of pheremones of an Omega in distress. A single tear fell from his eye and he had little energy to do anything other than study the face of the man who was attempting to belabor him.
Last one of the night! I want to hear the love!!!! Please send me all your comments, kudos, suggestions, and predictions!
John wakes up and is honor bound to take on a responsibility he never wanted. John visits the Harem.
Sherlock removed his practice slippers and stretched and flexed his sore toes. Pulling his sweat-drenched tank top off and slipping out of his leggings. The recoil of the fabric as it snapped off of his ankles caused a splatter of sweat to flick onto the old tile floor of his private dressing room. Sherlock, as a principle dancer for the Royal Ballet, was allowed his own dressing room. One of the driving forces for becoming a principle dancer- apart from the ambition of mastering his craft- was to get away from the other dancers. However, at this moment, one had followed him into his room.
Sherlock looked up at the interest in John’s voice. “Yes. Yes of course.”
"But who could it be?" Murray asked.
"What is your criteria for them staying?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock bowed his head and silently let tears fall. His last professional performance on stage; not only could he not get his boyfriend of seven years to be there, but he couldn't even get him on the bloody line.
Tonight would be the perfect night to cause a scandal.
Chapter two is up! Hopefully the chapters will flow and I'm expecting them to get longer as we get into more plot!
"John," Sherlock gasped. "I want you-"
He had known what to expect with Lord Kamal. But he had no idea what to expect with the Northern invaders. To some that uncertainty would be worse, but Sherlock thrived on the unknown.
That one-hour slot had ended four hours ago. Yet Sherlock still waited on the hopes of hearing an alert sound on his laptop.
John came out and smiled at his lover, using the one remaining towel to dry his hair, unashamed and unabashed with his nudity.
Extricating himself, he took a final walk down the hall before opening his room. From the bathroom, the water from the shower hit the tile floor. From the oscillating sounds, Irene had actually jumped into his shower.
So a server attacks me, then comes to an empty guest corridor instead of going to either the servants quarters to retrieve their belongings or to the stables to steal a horse. He came even deeper into the castle versus escaping. Why would he do that?
Irene Adler, a female principle dancer for the company, was sitting on Sherlock's black leather couch, smoking a cigarette and flinging off her pointe shoes into a cluttered corner. Apart from a path from door to vanity mirror to couch, Sherlock's dressing room floor was nonexistent; magazines, shoes, leotards and leggings, as well as an assortment of makeup paraphernalia littered the floor. Irene's shoes disappeared into the abyss as she lounged on the dark leather, wisps of smoke curling into the air.
"Surely it must be an agent of Moriarty," Murray postulated as he entered the room. "Not many people in the court who miss old Kamal."
“Well I am in need of a new Regent,” Lestrade smirked, knowing he had John trapped.
"If it's not done by now it doesn't need doing," John cajoled. "Honestly Sherlock, the place looks wonderful. Now go and change!" John placed his hand at the small of Sherlock's back, guiding him into the hallway and pushing him in the direction of the Harem.
"So, you talked to the women?" John asked.
"It's not?" John raised his eyebrows.
While I haven't abandoned this story I am currently working on an Sword Art Online/Attack on Titan crossover. Harem was my first epic writing engagement and of course I want to finish! I apologize to everyone reading who will be reminded of this story that I started such a long time ago :0 and think that this is a new chapter. I am going to do better! This story will get an ending!
Sherlock gasped and exhaled harshly as the last spin was spun and the last turn was turned. He gracefully joined the other dancers to bow at the audience before the principle cast stepped forward to bow again separately.
Mike nodded, pity in his expression. Here it went. “I heard. Sorry about that. You’ll be going back soon, though, right? When you’ve, uh, recovered.” His gaze skittered over John’s cane and leg.
“Apophenia?”
“Right, of course,” John agreed. “Thank you for letting us speak to you both.”
“Hmm. Dark. So he was interested in the occult?”
“Oh. Oh God. So that shadow thing …”
“Oh, Sherlock didn’t tell you?” She dropped in the nearest seat. “He’s written a contrasting piece to the music being used to open the gates.”
“Vaguely, but I can imagine how it went.”
“Will you come with me?” Sherlock’s voice was small, quiet.
“You could?” Sherlock breathes.
“Doorways. For what purpose?”
“Anything for you, Sherlock. Anytime.”
“You didn’t fight it when he pulled away?”
“Prat.”
.” John was amazed to see Sherlock acting so … so human. And a little flattered, to be honest. He’d seen him reciprocate friendly feelings before, but this was big, this was real.
“Yes, John.”
No. John.
John shrugged. “His story jives with what Victor said and what Eurus has been able to find out. I don’t know that we can get more proof than that. The Order has been pretty secretive after all.”
in the room when his parents were murdered.”
“Well who else could it have been? We went straight from Trent’s to Simon’s room and back again. It had to be Trent.” John wasn’t sure who he was trying to convince, Sherlock or himself. It was all so strange. Then again, most of what he’d encountered since moving in at Baker Street had been more than a little odd and unexplainable.
Simon handed over a folder. “Don’t let this get in the wrong hands. That includes your brother.”
“Testing my … limits. The limits of sacred geometry. The seizure was an … unintended side affect.”
“Children.”
“I was … placed near you, to become your friend, to watch you.” Victor gave a humorless laugh. “They actually called us Watchers, so prosaic.”
“It’s best if I’m not physically there. In truth, Sherlock shouldn’t be either, but–”
“Piss off.” Holmes looked both vulnerable and amused at the admission.
Things went quiet for a few months. John and Sherlock fought over something else and made up, and fought and made up, and fought and made up. They didn’t seem capable of just having a normal friendship. But they
Sherlock sagged. “It … might be.”
“Anything, Sherlock. It’s the two of us against the rest of the world.”
“But that’s what he does,” John argued. “He reads the scene, and he figures out what really happened. Why do you think that’s a paranormal gift? I admit he sees way more than us regular people do, but there’s nothing supernatural about it. He’s a genius. Amazing, but just a genius.”
When John put his hand on top of Sherlock’s on his shoulder, he felt a pressure at the back of his head where Sherlock laid his forehead against it. His breath tickled on John’s neck.
Sherlock’s face tightened, and he looked loathe to admit it. “Yes, just … coincidence.”
“I’m not,” John said. “But I also know you can’t out-stubborn a Holmes, and I’ve got too many other things to worry about.
Sherlock, indeed the drama queen, was collapsed picturesquely on the sofa, one arm dangling toward the floor, the other posed (oh, most definitely posed) on his forehead. He still wore his pajamas, despite it being mid-afternoon, covered with a silky dressing gown that draped perfectly around his body. John tried not to smile. It’d been three days since he’d moved in, and he’d mostly spent the time talking to the insurance company, buying new clothes and electronics, and getting himself settled in his new home. Sherlock likewise had been busy doing … whatever it was he did for his job. There had been lab equipment on the kitchen table that had at one point been abandoned for three hours while Sherlock dashed out of the flat to who knew where. This was their first day really sharing a living space.
“Well I know what we’re doing on our next day off.”
Sherlock sat up straight and slammed his hands on the coffee table in front of him, making the two mugs on it rattle. “What was the one thing I asked you not to mention, Eurus?”
“What’s what?” John doubted his expression was sufficiently innocent for Sherlock, but there was no way he’d tell him what he’d just learned from Simon. Sherlock could never know.
“Them?” It was the first thing John had said, and Victor looked at him hard.
And that’s the case of the Torres family. I’m afraid it’s not wrapped up nice and neat with a bow as I’m sure you, dear readers, would prefer. But that’s life, isn’t it? And just because we don’t have an ending to it now doesn’t mean I’m giving up. I’ll keep you updated as we investigate further.
“Sammy,” Sherlock cut in, leaning into John’s space. John didn’t shift away. “Where is Tall Paul now?”
“Why did you bring us here?” John asked. “It wasn’t just to show us more cave paintings.”
Sherlock tossed his head in that public school way of his but indicated that John should continue the video. After only a short time, he paused it again. “They’re Bulgarian, the monks? Why would they bring in a French woman?”
“What kind of message? A threat? A tip?”
“You don’t know that.”
“John is here, dear,” she said to him.
“Oh?”
In which we learn about one of Sherlock's unsolved cases, The Tall Man.
“I know,” John said with a fond chuckle. Then he leaned in and kissed Sherlock’s lips briefly. “Now, let’s get some sleep. Big day ahead.”
“Sherlock, what’s going on? Did you change your mind?”
He stormed through the diner and out the door, John struggling to put on his coat and follow him. By the time he reached the pavement, Sherlock was closing the door to a cab. John sighed. Sherlock running when things got overwhelming was nothing new. He was about to head to the Tube station when his phone buzzed. Hoping it was a contrite Sherlock, he pulled it from his pocket. No. Eurus.
“If I tell you what those folders mean, and show one to you, will you leave it be?” Sherlock’s eyes were narrowed at John.
“She was right,” John muttered in surprise.
do you know that?”
“One, both Simon’s and Trent’s rooms have surveillance cameras. Trent’s went offline just before he was attacked, but Simon’s showed him as being in his room the entire time.” John tried to tamp down the thrill he felt when talking about the case. It wasn’t exactly normal dinner conversation. He poured them both more wine.
On the third day, with no work and no case to occupy his time, John decides “fuck it,” packs up a nappy bag and a change of clothes, and heads to Baker Street. Sherlock appears at the top of the stairs, still in his pajamas and his hair a fuzzy halo from sleep. He frowns and cocks his head.
“She’s worth it.” John’s lips tingle at the nearness.
There it was, confirmation that Eurus could put together the pieces just like her brothers. “Yeah, he showed it to me last week.”
“Sherlock’s been in a mood the past couple of days. This case didn’t go well for him the first time, you see, and he worries. Poor dear.” She tsked as she led him through the door to the kitchen. Sherlock sat at the table, a microscope in front of him, though his gaze was on a notebook next to it.
With such a reputation, you’d think he’d be out of work, or at least avoided by people who hope their hauntings are true. But in fact, it’s the opposite. Not because people want his help, but because they want to prove him wrong.
“I’m the
way, and he appreciated it, thought he still thought she’d be safer back in Scotland.
—to do with your investigations?”
,” Sherlock insisted. “Just some madmen being idiots. Not so hard to defeat.” There was a tiny quirk of a smile at the end of the pronouncement.
Sherlock interrupted. “Several people are missing, and Maddie’s flat might give us clues.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Scarlet. How … precise. And dramatic.”
“Thought we’d order in. What would you like?” Sherlock peered at him doggedly, as if trying to understand where John had been.
“Right. Okay. Then yeah, I’ll accept your offer.” John felt a smile twitch at his lips.
Not letting himself look back at Sherlock, John made a beeline for the stairs and the open street that lay beyond the front door. He wasn’t sure how much more of this he could take.
“Ew,” muttered Eurus.
John paused the video. “Who?”
“Be safe.” He lifted up on his toes to place a kiss over each eye, then pressed another to Sherlock’s lips.
“Sherlock,” John cut in. “We can’t stop her. And she’s right, she could be helpful to have with us.”
But Sherlock slammed the door before John had a chance to get out the full apology. He sighed and wandered back into the flat. He wasn’t sure he believed Sherlock. There
“That’s not what people normally say.”
“Amazing.”
“Keith Dabic, Hastur Rising, remember? He emailed me again. An actual email this time, not just a random sound file.”
The other man’s eyebrows went up. “What makes you say that?”
Sherlock nodded, leaning against the wall to watch John. “Maria’s not happy, but Robert is insisting. The detective on the case is apparently an idiot.”
“It was gradual, and it mostly happened when he went away to uni, so I thought it was just normal growing up. I fought it for a while, but when he continued, I accepted it. It was his choice to turn away.”
“Something cold will do. John, have a cup of tea before heading out. I’ll text when I have time for that interview.” The man dashed down the stairs, leaving John’s head in a whirl.
is the south wall.” He frowned at the equations.
His audience grew. The series was one of the most popular on the
“Come on. Please? You owe me from Baghdad.”
“Yes, Mummy.”
Sherlock put down his chopsticks and sat back in his chair. “Think of it this way. Maybe Robert and Maria are stuck in an unhappy marriage. Maybe Maria is experiencing a mental breakdown, and that is the thing taking a toll on their marriage. These sightings of shadow people are simply an externalization of everything wrong in their marriage. They can't face the reality that the only thing wrong in their lives is their failing union.” He waited for John to reply, then added on a frustrated “What?” when he stayed silent.
“Of his own accord.”
Sherlock’s face, tense since they arrived, turned to stone. “Then you shouldn’t have disappeared.”
for help?”
who refuses to pay out his reward, despite having a number of cases unsolved.” He rubbed his temple.
—can prove they’re not real, then there’s nothing you can’t do. You’ll be the top in your field. Everyone will come to you for help.”
Her eyes narrowed and her head tilted as she thought about his proposal. Finally, she shook her head. “No. I’m not accustomed to strangers in my car.”
Without missing a beat, Sherlock knew what to do. Beginning where he left off previously, he mentally ticked off the next five elements without too much trouble. But then, John reached for his far hip and pulled him onto his side to face him. Their cocks touched and John grabbed them both in one hand. The lubricant spread between both of them, allowing for a delicious slick sliding. John’s leg rested on Sherlock’s thigh and they ground into each other, the only sound the wet frottage, the movement of the bedclothes beneath them, and the soft give and take of grunts and hitched cries shared between them.
A smile spread across John’s face. “You pillock.” He leaned in and kissed him, stroking him off in rhythm to his tongue lapping into Sherlock’s mouth. John reached back toward his nightstand and pulled out some lubricant, slicking his hand up before stroking Sherlock properly.
Sherlock spun to face him. “You cheated on her. And have been cheating for some time. With her elder sister. Not the younger one that reported her missing, but the elder one who was married and is now divorced and on the prowl.”
Before Lestrade could respond, John beat him to it: “Some people are never satisfied, Sherlock. They can’t all be in relationships with mad detectives.”
Lestrade nodded and they searched the rest of the space. A gigantic metal ring was attached to a large stone in the floor, a small divot carved to accommodate its space. John stood and looked at it and the floor surrounding it.
The hand slid higher. Sherlock’s breath stuttered again. It was then he realized that between their last argument, the whole debacle with the murderous duo and his subsequent time spent in the cave, the following surgery and the recovery that was taking entirely too long for his liking, they hadn’t actually touched each other in months. Quickly, he did the calculations: five months and two days. Holy hell.
The detective straightened and said: “Well, then she’s with her sister.”
“Well?” asked John. Sherlock just stood there. His aspect hadn’t changed. “Jesus, Sherlock! A woman could die! This is important!” Despite this information, which John realized was needlessly spoken aloud, as the both of them realized the consequences and what was at stake, Sherlock remained quite still. “Right,” said John, gauging that the predicament was only allowing for one clear option, “I’m sorry, Sherlock. But I’m off.” And he ran down Bethnal Green Road toward what he hoped was an alive and well Tabitha Simpson.
“Jesus, Sherlock, I knew you were a risk-taker from the moment I met you. Hell, you made it obvious! But I didn’t realize that after all these years of living and working together, of openly loving each other, that you still thought you could lone wolf your way through that case! You can’t do that anymore. Not ever. More to the point, you don’t have to!
What Sherlock wasn’t looking for was the partner. He was certain she had left town. All the clues led to that conclusion. Yet, there she was, madder than the artist, the behind-the-scenes sidekick who snuck in and managed to knock Sherlock senseless twice, leaving him reeling. The blows made his head smart, but gave him time enough to overhear their heated exchange before the artist dispatched his angered partner with a single shot. Then there was a shuffle of feet and then oblivion.
“So what are we doing?” said Lestrade. “Feels like we’re spinning our wheels.”
Archie Simpson was as non-descript a person as one could imagine. He was possessed of a plain brown hair cut in a plain fashion, a plain white male face with no discerning features, plain clothes covering an average body with average height and weight. Indeed, if John had passed him in the street, he wouldn’t have noticed him at all.
Sherlock blinked. “Am I meant to follow you?” Sherlock called after him.
“An actor, yeah.”
John’s torchlight sank to the floor and he waited for inspiration, a miracle, God Himself to come down and point the way to Sherlock. He didn’t even care about catching the crim any more. He just wanted Sherlock back. He wanted to share a giggle with him. He wanted to hear him prattle inanities about clues and mind palaces. He wanted to be ignored by him one more time. Just once.
“…and she just bolted. It was all so sudden. She took the car and left. The police said they recovered the car abandoned, but there was no sign of her,” said Archie.
He knew that he should be dead by now. By all rights, he should have succumbed to the cold lack of the water, but still his lungs fought for air, his heart beat a tattoo against death’s call, and his brain searched for something to set itself upon.
“This one’s for c-calling you ‘dim’. I didn’t mean it. It was s-spoken in anger. And-- and for b-breaking my earlier p-promise.”
John pointed his torch up above to where the staircase presumably led. “I can’t see that this thing has any roof to speak of anymore. If someone’s in trouble up there, we have to consider that they’re unconscious. Knocked out. Otherwise we’d hear them, wouldn’t we?”
He had to get out. Panic gripped his chest and he attempted to sit up despite his ribs arguing against him. His head swam, and if he were able to see, he was certain his vision would have been doubled. But the cave remained pitch dark. And now it was filling with water.
“Jesus, all right,” said John, “I said: ‘There’s an up. Is there a down?’ There. You happy? Like I said, stupid.”
“I seriously hope Archie can’t reach her then. Tabitha never asked for any of this to happen to her,” asked John. After a moment, he asked: “Just so I have this straight: after her blow up with Archie, she drove to her sister’s house to confront her and that’s when the sister kidnapped her.”
“And there’s no sign of her? No credit card activity, bank activity?” asked John.
“I love you, you mad bastard! I love you and you are NOT running off into the darkness without me ever again! Do you hear? You are never to walk into the darkness without me.” John stared at him hard.
“Sherlock?”
“I don’t trust you,” she said. He could see the panic return to her eyes. “Get out of the way. Get out of the way, now!” John stood his ground. She revved the engine. “Get out of the way. I’m not joking! I will run you down, you liar! You did call the cops! What the hell did you do that for?”
The white knuckles receded. John could see that she was breathing easier now. He had managed to convince her that she wasn’t under suspicion for anything and that she could possibly be given the opportunity to lie to them to steer them away from her. John could practically see her calculate all of this in her head moments before she spoke again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh, spare me. She’s all over this house.”
“On what?”
Slowly, he took in the whole of the landscape from his standpoint at the cliff’s edge. He saw the castle and its foundation, the stairs and the stones. He saw the common pathways that tourists had trodden in the grass, noticed where the groundskeepers had made their efforts. And then he saw something he wouldn’t have noticed had he not taken the time. But it couldn’t be, could it?
John texted Lestrade with the latest information. Sherlock said: “Ask Lestrade for the eldest sister’s address. Then have him check into her financials. See if she owns any property or storage spaces at all.”
Lestrade beamed at John in the torchlight. “Let’s get to looking downward.”
“I know. It’s been bleeding ages. I missed you,” said John. He planted a kiss to his cheek. “Are you ready for more?”
John wasn’t entirely certain that she wasn’t going to run him over, but he knew if he could keep her here long enough, they would have both sisters in custody: one bound for the hospital, no doubt, and one bound for Scotland Yard. He thought quickly.
“Will you come for me?”
“Mmmm…” John hummed into the nape of his neck. “You really have been so very good.”
“John,” he said. “You found me.”
“Responsible for my healthcare,” said Sherlock. He swallowed hard. He couldn’t look away from John’s stare.
John stopped his manic search, his back to Lestrade. Arms braced against the table he took a deep breath and sighed. His shoulder ached. It was going to rain. And Sherlock was in trouble. He knew it in his soul. He would never forgive himself if…. Never.
“Yeah. And I’m a copper. And where do coppers put bad guys in castles?”
John didn’t know what to say except the truth: “Victoria, I promise you, I did NOT call the police.”
“What?”
But John had barely heard him. His own thoughts were crowding his brain. “How in hell did any one person lift this bastard of a rock?” He bent down and pulled at the ring. The metal came up easily into his hand, which made him believe that he wasn’t imagining its recent use, but as he pulled, he couldn’t budge the stone. He looked at Lestrade, who had moved to the opposite doorway and had his torch trained down the steps.
“Damn,” he muttered to himself and rolled over on the bed. “Damn you, John Watson.”
Sherlock obeyed and instead of John’s tender attentions paid with his hands, he sighed with satisfaction at the feel of John’s mouth on his cock. One hand cupping his balls, the other playing with his nipple, John’s lips and tongue moved over him in a hot sucking rhythm that was better than solving any nebulous kidnap and murder plot.
Lestrade turned to see John standing on the massive center stone and looking up at a gigantic solid wood beam measuring several inches square and placed into the grooves left in the stone for the original roof beam that must have been there centuries ago. Dangling from the center of it, directly over the ring and about ten feet above their heads, was a very modern-looking, and heavy-duty pulley.
“You’re lucky your tendons weren’t severed, he said,” Sherlock reminded him as he wrapped the covering bandage around John’s arm the way John had instructed.
Slowly, he snaked a hand down his thigh, his breathing hitched and shallow. The knee seemed intact. His ribs screamed. The gash in his pate beat a tattoo into his skull. His stomach churned as he felt the swollen flesh and what he perceived to be a deformity of the bone under his pant leg. Tibial fracture. Not a death sentence, if he were in his own front garden and had fallen out of a tree and could easily be sent to hospital, but this? In a sea cave off the coast of England with no aid?
His shoulder finally free, he attempted to pull his arm out but wound up taking the coat sleeve with him, inverting the material. He didn’t care. The next wave came and the experiment could officially begin. Would he be borne up, or drown where he lay?
“You owe me a lot of fucking apologies, truth be told, but which is this one for?”
“Well, that was…”
“I don’t get it,” said Lestrade. “There’s no sign anyone has been here. Not even us. Footprints on stone are only good if you’ve got a wet foot or a sandy floor. There’s nothing here.”
“Which one of us will come first, I wonder?” asked John.
“You haven’t earned it yet, have you?”
A beam of light hit John full in the face. “Tell me what you just said.” Lestrade’s measured voice brooked no argument.
John sat back in the cab and moaned in disbelief. “That’s incredible.”
John shook his head and marveled. He put two and two together so damn quickly.
“I’m surprised you’ve not been taking notes as to my rate of healing,” said John, pulling his arm away. “You know, for science.”
“But-?”
“One. “H” Hydrogen. One point zero zero eight. Two. “H” “e” Helium. Four point zero zero two six….”
Sherlock turned to him sharply. “Of course. All will be revealed. If we find her at home, you will have your answers sooner than you think.”
Wait for death. Or wait for John.
Slowly he began to recite aloud: “One. “H” Hydrogen. One point zero zero eight. Two. “H” “e” Helium. Four point zero zero two six.”
The castle was modest as one thinks of them. One expects jolly great moats and high battlements that stretch out for ages to either side of the imposing gates and drawbridge. This particular ruin still had its moat, long gone dry and sod with grass. Its drawbridge was a reconstruction, built sturdy and it had railings. The main archway was still intact and as John and Lestrade passed beneath it in the dark of night, their torchlight caressed the curve of the ancient stone. No one stopped them.
“But oh… the treats I could give you, Sherlock.” John smiled at the metaphor, knowing it would annoy Sherlock to no end. He slid his hand over Sherlock’s clothed balls and massaged them.
John said: “Sherlock?”
“Rhenium. S-s-seventy-five. “R” “e”. One eighty-s-six point t-twenty-one.”
Archie’s mouth bobbed open and shut like a landed mackerel. “Vicki was… fragile… after the divorce…”
Sherlock was panting now. “For you. With you. All over you. Yes. Yes please, John.”
Sherlock’s phone buzzed again. Sherlock read it and smiled, pocketing it again. “Well, well, well.”
“What’s that?” asked John. The creak of the bedroom door followed shortly after and Sherlock knew John was standing there just behind him, but he was too angry to turn around.
“Yeah, I found you, you stark-raving idiot,” said John. “You fool. You preposterous madman. What in hell did you think you were doing, coming here on your own?”
“Wait. Where are you going?”
“You’re not switching with me at all,” said John, “If anything, you’re doing the least amount of work here. This is meant to be a reward,” and here he began stroking his cock again, “so just relax and enjoy it.” John nuzzled close to Sherlock’s ear. “You taste brilliant, by the way.” John’s tongue wormed its wet way into Sherlock’s ear. John knew that this was a sure-fire way to arouse him and helplessly Sherlock’s hands moved to John’s chest, tugging at his clothes, pushing away his shirt and attempting to invade his trousers. John pulled away.
“Sherlock never walks into traps he doesn’t know are there,” said John.
“Right,” said Lestrade, tucking the notice into his pocket.
The cold was almost comforting at this point. His only annoyance was the waves that kept breaking over his head. He couldn’t feel his hands anymore. His leg throbbed, but faintly. He knew it was hypothermia combined with blood loss, but there wasn’t a thing he could do about it.
John suddenly straightened up. “I’m going back to the ruin.”
John sighed and shut his eyes.
Victoria gave a short laugh. “The shit end of the stick, more like. She had the big investment banker for a husband. I got stuck with Harry. A butcher. Mind you, he did fairly well with the brick-and-mortar shops in Greece, but then the government changed and the economy tanked. And he decided to take it all out on me.”
A single finger found the flesh beneath the cloth and ran along Sherlock’s length, featherlight and frustrating. Sherlock found it difficult to remember to breathe. He had to use almost all of his powers of concentration in order to keep a steady rhythm in his lungs. His excitement would culminate in his release entirely too quickly if he continued on like this.
Another wave came and soaked him to the shoulders. At least now he knew from which direction to expect help. “John,” he muttered. “I’m so sorry.”
“’Course it is. It’s silly,” said John.
Sherlock’s eyes were half-drowsy with sex-drunkenness. “Thank you, John. That was beyond brilliant.”
Sherlock’s throat caught with despair. He shouldn’t have done this alone. He should have waited for John to cool off or gone after him and apologized. He should have TRIED. He and John had made a promise to one another months before this: that they would always do things together. Especially if he knew it was a trap. And he had texted John, but he hadn’t apologized. He had texted and left for the coast and expected John to just follow like he always had. Fool. Stupid fool. Why was he so awful at relating to human beings? After all, they’re the ones that committed all the crimes he was so busy uncovering. Why couldn’t he find the will to understand the human condition? Why were the puzzles and the games more interesting than the players?
“Stop this car immediately!” he cried.
It had been a silly disagreement. Sherlock couldn’t even remember what originally caused it. It had been deleted. He was sure that John could have remembered. His brain would hang on to such trivialities.
“I think that’s one’s Sherlock’s,” said John, pointing out one of the three treads heading into the tunnel. They ran their torches down the corridor. The light disappeared, swallowed by the darkness.
“Because I’m not a canine,” said Sherlock, rankling slightly at his perceived condescension in the conversation.
“I’m sorry that happened to you,” said John. The sirens were even louder now. Unignorable, in fact. John kept talking anyway. “Did he get abusive? Emotionally? Physically?”
“Right,” said John, “well, just so you tell me eventually.”
“There’s no need for compression, Sherlock, OW!” said John. “It’s not actively bleeding, you know. Just stitched up.”
“Look at this. It was moved recently. Look at the scrapes on the floor,” said John.
Absently, he wondered where John was. He could hear his voice in his head shouting about how foolish it had been to go off without him. But there hadn’t been time, John, he thought. If he had waited, David Barnum would have scarpered and there would have been opportunity lost. He could become anyone. Sherlock was mildly irritated to admit that he was, as the newspapers dubbed him, a human chameleon. The assignation tonight was the only chance anyone was going to have, the one tip of his hand, a rare dangerous exposure of his hubris.
“Who’s that?” asked John.
But John hadn’t been there.
John smiled and began to giggle. Sherlock joined him. Soon they were both lost in laughter until, finally, hand in hand, they moved to the bedroom to get lost in each other once more.
“Why didn’t he file the missing person’s report?” asked John.
He got to “Eight “O” Oxygen. Fifteen point nine nine nine” before losing the plot. He let out a scream at his own brain. He could hear John inside himself:
Lestrade had given John a while to come to his senses. John knew that. It was madness to be out here in this relic in the dark searching for a man who could have fucked off home by now. John and Greg could just walk into 221B and see him there in his dressing gown looking slightly smug but pretending innocence: “Where have you two been? I solved the case ages ago. Didn’t you get my text?”
“Where is your sister?” he demanded. “Where is Tabitha?”
He walked slowly to the place in the fence where the sea grass grew, shorn on his side of the fence by the care of the lawn maintenance personnel and the other side left to grow wild and long. Some of the long grass was caught in the fencing in an unusual way. It was as if the fence was not secured to the pole and someone, passing through, had left the chain link to fall back and capture the errant grasses in its wake.
“If she took the life of her late husband for financial gain, as I suspect, she will have no problem taking her sister’s life – especially if it means being able to marry and then bump off Archie. She did it all for the money. You saw the house: a prime location in Richmond. Not uber-affluent, but a nice enough property to cause one to want to keep up with the Joneses, as the Americans say.”
They moved along the entry corridor and out through the back of the structure. Here it was all open, the walls lost to sea air and time. Short boxy structures of stone fronted by placards denoted what the old chambers were once used for: servant quarters, bakery. John walked along the cliff, turning around to take in the turret behind them. This castle’s structure was more up than out, its battlements two storeys above them. Off the main castle to John’s right, there was another room. This one had no placard and no roof. Above his head by twelve or so feet he could see periodic indentations from where the wooded ceiling beams once were placed into the stone walls. The floor was a patchwork of flagstone.
As the minutes ticked by, he could see that his hypothesis was incorrect.
“Hurry,” said John. “If hypothermia’s set in, we haven’t got much time.”
“Dear God, yes.”
John stepped back and looked at the building again. The vacant house had all curtains and blinds drawn on all three floors. Number 48 had no blinds drawn. The other homes had windows that were easily recognizable as being used and occupied. Three cars were parked along the street’s short length, but all of them were in front of the other occupied homes. He was tempted to canvass the neighbors to see if any of the occupants had seen anything unusual in the last week or so, but as he stood there, a car came around the corner.
Sherlock’s bright eyes flickered up once quickly to take in John’s countenance that brooked no argument. Sherlock grunted and held out his right leg from the stool. John stood gobsmacked for a moment. Eventually he sighed and, shaking his head incredulously, he placed the boot properly on Sherlock’s weaker leg.
“Oh Sherlock,” he whispered to the room. “How I’ve missed you.”
“Your shoe. Right,” said John, weighing the options of Lestrade’s team response time and the effort it would take to dive down and untie the shoe himself. John would have chosen the latter, it being the quicker choice, but for Sherlock’s questionable consciousness.
“If you want to come, you should just say so,” said John. “Or I could keep bringing you to the brink and moving away again. Orgasm denial is said to be quite the trip.”
“You’ll look into it then?” asked Lestrade.
“I’m going to die here?” he asked the cavern.
Reaching the point, he pressed against the chain-link. It gave way easily and was loose enough to provide room for a full-grown man to pass easily. God damn it.
John looked at the scraps of medical supplies and the open med kit on the table. “This is for me to clean up then, is it?”
Carefully, he pulled his thick black coat off of him. It was already heavy with water and nearly impossible to strip off from a supine position, but it was better than a prone one, he observed. His numb hands stumbled over the buttons as one by one they came apart from their cloth moorings. His right arm came out easily with little complaint from his ribs. His left, however, proved to be troublesome.
Sherlock gave the cab driver the new destination and then broke out his own phone. He shot off a quick text and waited. His phone buzzed and he sent off another one.
“John, I -“ Sherlock began again, his breath hitching. “I’m going to- going to -“ John’s mouth was on his again and Sherlock squirmed and moaned. His hand shot to cover John’s and in a pathetic whisper he begged: “Please.”
“Provided she’s still alive,” said Sherlock. “If she’s not, then she’s made a run for it. Damned Lestrade. I need that information!” He pulled out his phone and to John’s amazement actually dialed a number. As they strode back to the waiting cab, Sherlock said: “Lestrade. Close all the ports of exit from the country. Flag her passport. Flag her name -- both her maiden and married names. Don’t want to take a chance.” There was a pause as Lestrade asked a question. “The sister, of course. Victoria Hughes, or whatever her married name was. Yes. Turnbull. Victoria Turnbull. Do it now. She’s either with her sister and is guilty of kidnapping and assault, or she’s a murderess on the run. Possibly both.” Another pause. “Well if you’d get me the information about her properties that I asked for ages ago, I could clear them for you and you could concentrate on closing the airports and flagging her passport.”
A silence fell about them as they listened to the lapping of the water of the cave walls. John’s torch was casting a stark beam against one of them as he gripped it in his left hand. The only other light was what little moonlight was coming through the open flooring above them. It reminded John, weirdly, of a sensory deprivation tank.
“It’s not air-cooled. It’s the dead of summer. Victoria hasn’t been home in days. If she’s spending time with her sister, she’s not suffering too. No. She’ll be somewhere air-conditioned in this heat.” Sherlock didn’t even look up at him.
As Archie answered, Sherlock moved to the grate of the fireplace. He stooped to investigate the low mantel, but John could see his eyes focusing on something he couldn’t see. John was itching to know what it was.
The point was, Sherlock hadn’t meant what he had said back to him. But John, equally frustrated, had managed to lose his temper, had growled something under his breath, and had left 221B with a slam of the front door. That had been that. That was also the last time they had spoken to one another.
