"John?" Sherlock murmurs softly, and John silently blows out the air, body thrumming with anticipation.
And the genius boy had almost called out to him. Almost demanded he strip off those useless clothes and get back into bed, into
Sherlock's hand held steady on John's knee under the table, a constant presence grounding him. A soft reminder that he wasn't alone. That he was welcome here. That he was
"Although, I suppose if you were just as muddied up as I am, well. No one would be the wiser about who exactly is the dirty athlete, now would they?"
"John," Sherlock says softly but sternly and John glances up to meet his eyes. "It's fine." The tone is definitive but Sherlock is sure he's going to fall apart at any second. "Let's just see about getting you better, alright?"
"Hang on just a minute here," John shakes his head as Mike and Paul both seem poised to head right back out the way they came with John in tow. "Seriously, it's our week off. Why am I being dragged out of bed on a Saturday morning?"
And as filthy, wet heat engulfs Sherlock's cock, he stops asking questions and stops wondering what's next and stops bloody thinking, his entire world focusing down to John and his mouth and his body and his perfection.
Eyes widening for a split second and swallowing hard like his throat has just gone very dry, John's fingers fidget along the seam of his jacket. "Oh- well, you... you said ... I- mean if you want to get it over with, I can- I'll do it."
"Because I'm not shagging you for the first time in months on the cold floor of our flat," John chuckles huskily in Sherlock's ear, his breath sending shivers along his skin.
Mike nods before breaking into a grin in a clear attempt to lighten to mood. "Don't forget that epic Pong-playing roommate of yours."
Taking a deep, steadying breath, even as Sherlock Holmes glares daggers into him, John levels his gaze. "I know you think Victor is your friend," he says calmly, attempting to stay collected, "and it's hard to see bad things in friends-"
"Yeah well-" John tries, scrubbing a hand through his hair, scrambling to find an explanation to explain the complexity of the situation without sounding like a pathetic twat. "It may not be as simple as that."
For the first time in his life, Sherlock was out of his depth completely. John wasn't like everybody else. He was so different. So gloriously, intriguingly different. How could anyone not see that? How could anyone have rejected John? Like that stupid boy from his hometown… Sherlock would need more data on that.
For now, John waves and follows Molly and Greg back to their section, already deep in his head with possibilities.
. He has an overwhelming need to reach out and touch that smile, lay his fingers against those lips and feel them stretch into that perfect grin he can never get enough of. He has the most gorgeous roommate on campus. He has the most gorgeous roommate in the
, though those dirt-loving, bloodied brutes would never in a million years admit that – a reason to peg him with all the homophobic nicknames they can think of, he really and truly doesn't care.
Sherlock grinned. "Something like that. Although, my brother always has thought everything that was mine also belonged to him. He has no imagination, really."
It takes a monumental effort for Sherlock to reply with any semblance of comprehension or coherent response, all of this hitting him a bit hard while simultaneously not making any sense at all, but somehow he's able to cough up a shaky, "Alright," before the silence reaches a minute.
"Oh no baby," the man waived. "On the house. You deserve something nice for the first time seeing The Detective."
"Have we met?" John asked earnestly. He swore he knew him from somewhere. If he knew him then maybe this situation wasn't all bad and maybe John's leg would stop bouncing up and down so vigorously.
"Actually," John says happily, "he said it's in pretty good shape. It was only a partial dislocation and they popped it back in properly. It'll bruise a bit and will be sore but overall I should be good to go in a few weeks." He shrugs his good shoulder. "It could have been a lot worse. But it still sucks to sit on the sidelines you know? The team needs me."
"I solemnly swear to make a move on the bloke I'm into tonight, if you also promise to do the same with Sherlock."
His attention was focused so hard, he barely noticed the now-regular glances and nervous titters around him of potential hook-ups trying to get the courage up to talk to him. He didn't have time to worry about that. He was intensely watching the all too kind and gentle and rather drunk blonde young man who was currently being groped on the dance floor by a boy Sherlock was having graphic fantasies about murdering in cold blood. That idiotic, unimaginative boy with the fake warmth, taking no time to get to know the incredible man he was currently holding far too tightly, very obviously eager to get to fucking him as soon as possible, touching his back in an entirely too familiar way for strangers, stroking him carefully as though to say 'See? I'm nice. I'll take good care of you. Come home with me and you'll see.' He was a fraud. A phony. John couldn't see that in the state he was in. That man wanted one thing and was planning on doing whatever necessary to get it.
"Not here," Sherlock practically spat, grabbing John by the arm and dragging him down to the Major's office.
we could go back to the party and snog each other senseless in front of Victor Trevor. The choice is yours."
He dared to be bold and tugged Sherlock's trousers and pants down his thighs, pulling him out to gain better access. Sherlock sucked in a breath as the cold air hit his lower half. His eyes fluttered open in time to see John bring his free hand up and lick his palm, tossing Sherlock a wicked smile as he caught his gaze, dragging his hand sensually down his tongue. Sherlock's lips fell into a shocked 'oh,' eyelids falling further down in unadulterated arousal and excitement thrummed in John's lower belly. Turns out instinct really did take over. Maybe he could be good at this. He was too overwhelmed to let that thought go any further and continued his task.
God, he's soft. So soft, his damp lips pushing out into John's, his body going somewhat pliant as John presses his own burly figure against it, his hands finding purchase on John's forearms where John's hands still lay wrapped in the cloth of Sherlock's sweatshirt. John pushes him back, effectively sealing his back against the tree, knee sliding between Sherlock's thighs. He slots Sherlock's bottom lip between his own and sucks it into his mouth, pulling a tiny whimper from the boy that shoots straight into John's body, zipping through his veins and right down to his pelvis, cock twitching with interest in this gorgeous creature's noises.
Giggling and brushing a thumb along a rosy cheekbone, John can't keep the smile off his face, watching his pretty boyfriend blush heavily when confronted directly about what they are to each other so utterly precious it makes John warm all over. "The dynamic," John teases, "is that we're together. And we can bloody well text message all fucking day when we're away from each other because I hate being away from you and those short little messages I was getting from you earlier just aren't going to cut it for me."
The choked garble of an attempted breath is Sherlock's only response, his thoughts suddenly taking a dangerous turn. John Watson just asked him to attend his rugby game.
Sherlock gave him a halfhearted glare, although his heart soared at those words. This was exactly what he'd wanted. For his mother and his family to become John's. For John to have parents in his life that cared for him.
"Oh right," Mike shakes his head as if reminding himself of something important, takes one step around John and leans into his dorm room without actually stepping over the threshold, pointedly peering in toward John's side of the room and sings, "Goooood
The possibility of John stopping by the studio again isn't high. And the chances of Sherlock growing a pair and seeking him out are even lower.
Sherlock nodded and started back toward his flat. He noticed a few paces later that John was at his side. He wanted to stop, turn on him and demand where he thought he was going but at this point, he was too exhausted. He could let John follow him home. He could let John see where he lived. Where he lived with his couch. Mm, his couch.
," his words turn into a moan as John licks over his pulse point. His eyes roll back in his head as John's mouth works his neck, sucking and biting.
John climbs back over him, settling an elbow next to Sherlock's head and Sherlock feels the tip of his gloved erection pushing against his entrance.
Victor, to John's surprise, chuckled, shaking his head fondly at Sherlock and smiling happily, like this was just the usual, like Sherlock's bluntness was just a form of endearment. Like he spent a lot of time with Sherlock and was used to these sort of remarks. Like he enjoyed it. He might as well have pat Sherlock on the head and called him a rascal for how he was adoringly grinning at him.
"Well, it's been a pleasure," Mycroft nods at John, then turns to his brother with a raised eyebrow. "Sherlock," he regards, "I'll be in touch."
"Yes!" John cheered, snapping his fingers and pointing at Sherlock. "Clever you. So clever. So very very clever. And sexy. So very very-"
"You're a ridiculous human being, do you know that?" he tells the lump in his bed, who doesn't deign to reply giving John the all clear that Sherlock has officially gone into hiding. Shaking his head, he turns back to his task at hand and pulls open the door.
Pausing with another droplet tube in his hand, Sherlock seems to consider that. "I suppose," he decides. "Though I don't much care for my brother. Why should I care about his boyfriend?"
He catches Sherlock's wide-eyed stare and widens his own in return. "Oh, sorry - did you… I mean you offered to tutor me… but if this is a bad time-"
The shell of Sherlock Holmes makes its way to his last week of classes, dragging himself to buildings with effort, surprised every time he manages to make it to class at all.
"And your voice!" John reminded him. Had he really thought John didn't love his voice? Because he did. Oh, he did. "That voice. So deep, I feel it like-" John pressed a finger to his chest. "Here. Right here."
"You didn't bring me down here to murder me, did you?" John teased, as they descended further into the basement.
Irene stumbles on her retort and sits back on her palms on the floor. "Okay, but let me just say, before it gets weird and gooey and stupid, that I'm really happy for you and if he ever does anything wrong, I'll kill him."
But not before he sees something ugly flash through green eyes, there and gone in a blink, so quick Sherlock could have easily imagined it, something Victor clearly didn't wish him to see as the perfectly perfected worry seeps back into his features with a single twist of his face. Something so brief and yet so telling it clicks something into place along a single path in Sherlock's giant brain and the genius freezes.
John glared. "Of course you wouldn't," he spat. "You never want to hear it. I'm no better then any of them, Sherlock. I'm not anything special. And you just storm in there, almost get your bloody neck swiped with a fucking knife and-"
John stifled a snort because as hard as the elder Holmes attempted to seem serious and intense, his off-handed remarks were rather funny.
"Ah, come on, I'm sure you've got a shot with her!" Another boy calls, "I mean, if she likes scrawny little teenagers, then you'll absolutely do!" And the insults continue to volley back and forth, the entire team shaking with laughter.
Sherlock doesn't know how long he stays standing in the middle of his softly lit room, but he doesn't move until he hears his parents arrive home from their event and even after that, he doesn't sleep.
A knock on the front door made both John and Harry jump in surprise, the sound putting a halt to Harry's laughter. John looked toward the door in panic, then back at Harry and swallowed thickly.
Sherlock lets out an involuntary sob, tears pricking his eyes as his body is filled deeply with John Watson.
John turned toward the door, but Sherlock pulled him back, spinning him around and tugging him flush against his body. John let out a small gasp as Sherlock captured his mouth, slotting their lips together. John moaned so softly and Sherlock swept his tongue between his teeth, kissing him breathless. John dug his hands into Sherlock's curls and hung on.
The knot in Sherlock's stomach twisted so tightly, he thought he may be in danger of vomiting. His body shook violently, almost uncontrollably, and he tried to look away but was unable to. He deserved this. He knew he did. He deserved to see this.
And John is willing to give it all the time in the world. Because it is so unbelievably important to him.
Sherlock swallows in response. Why he can't speak properly is far beyond him. He pushes at his glasses, a nervous habit he's developed since John bloody Watson has started attending his school.
Three long miserable days without blue eyes glittering up at him and big megawatt smiles shining back at him and tan features crinkling happily toward him in that way that makes his heart do a double backflip. It's been three stupidly long days, a full 72 hours without calloused fingers soothing and damp lips kissing and a strong body pressing up against his own.
John swallows hard, his pace quickening, stripping his own kit off and tossing it to the side. He pulls the curtain back just enough to reveal the curve of a perfectly smooth, pale arse, sitting just below miles of lengthy torso, topped with dark tumbling curls that seemed to never end.
It's very quiet during this time of night on the campgrounds. Most of the campers go to the bonfire during free time, some sneaking off into the dark to mess around, something John is quite familiar with. Not many campers stay in their bunks.
A warm palm runs along Sherlock's hip, squeezing it lightly for a moment, giving pause without breaking the beautiful tension that's been building along the path of John's hand, allowing a small consideration, asking an unspoken question, blue eyes softening yet again with such aching affection, asking without patronizing, requesting without expectation of a right answer.
Sherlock is stunning on his worst day but there is something about those eyes that make John's heart pound just a little harder.
Sliding a hand across the top of the knitted comforter, his fingers connect with a fist pulled taught.
"Yes," John murmured again, lavishing Sherlock's neck with wet kisses, lips becoming more frantic as he bucked his hips against Sherlock's rapidly filling erection. "God, yes."
At the beginning, after they'd begun spending more time together, John's entire body would stiffen in a fit of jealous rage as another person approached Sherlock, stealing his attention from John and threatening to take him away. But that had subsided when it became clear Sherlock had zero interest in them. In anyone, really.
Sherlock had shaken his head and was quiet for a long moment. And then he had murmured, "Maybe you can come over this week and we can watch one of them?"
"I know why," Sherlock agreed, arching his neck to give John better access and peering over his shoulder to avoid any walls. "I hate it but I know why."
"What if it were a business trip?" Victoria appeared from the kitchen. "What if it were an all-expenses paid business trip?"
"You have to go," he'd urged him the first night after a game that someone had actually approached John about playing professional rugby.
with Sherlock's family, a scheme Sherlock has been working on for a solid month, not the least bit ashamed to admit to himself how proud he is for this accomplishment. "Come on!" he calls, finding the effort to continue seeming unaffected and aloof becoming more and more difficult as he nears the house.
"You listen to me, Sherlock Holmes," John whispers between kisses, taking Sherlock's bottom lip into his mouth and kneading it with his teeth. " I want you.
"We should leave before Christmas," Sherlock's eyes were racing across the floor in thought. "She'd want her husband home for the holiday, of course. I'm sure we could-"
And later, John will realize exactly why Sherlock had been so short with him over text and what exactly he'd meant by 'dynamics'. He'll realize precisely why Sherlock had been hesitant and unsure and maybe a little worried. He'll sort out exactly what is going on in that big, beautiful brain of Sherlock Holmes.
When he wasn't avoiding John in the flat, Sherlock was focusing on things he'd never worried about in the past. Keeping the fridge fully stocked, the dishes completely clean, the loo spotless. He concerned himself with clean sheets and laundry, grocery stores and shopping for clothes in John's size, providing for a man he hardly wanted anything to do with. It seemed silly. In his most private moments, Sherlock recognized the lunacy of this. He wasn't speaking to John, with the exception of the occasional update on the case, which there hadn't been in two solid weeks, and yet here he was picking out shirts and jeans and bloody boxers for the man living in the upstairs room of his flat. A man he once loved more then anything on this earth. A man he'd been planning a life with for ten years. A man who was supposed to be his. His soldier and partner and lover and who knew, maybe even husband. But instead here they were. Living in silence. Living together while being completely alone.
"Okay, okay," Irene says, still chuckling under her breath. "Sorry, you're right. Oh man, but not knowing what halftime is? Not understanding the point of halftime-" and breaks off into more peels of laughter. "You really-"
"What, upset? No. No, I'm not upset. That was bloody brilliant," John blurted, immediately wanting to take back those words.
"Good to finally meet you," John smiles winningly. "I've been curious to find out who exactly thought taking on this tosser full-time was a good idea." He points a thumb at his teammate and Greg laughs.
. She barely ever called or texted and she never came home again after moving out. Harry stumbled to the couch and flopped down.
The heat between them calms to a soft wave of pleasure, greedy urgent kisses cooling off to slow, tender touches, the look of reverent wonder on Sherlock's face worth every minute of waiting that John has done over the last two months.
"I haven't forgiven you, yet," Sherlock said hurriedly, taking a small step back, forcing his not-so-dormant selfish nature out of his mouth. "You really hurt me, John."
The derisive snort Sherlock is clearly going for falls flat as he leans into John's touch, John's lips brush against Sherlock's ear. "What people do at clubs is not dancing."
"Do as you like," Sherlock replies flippantly with a flick of his wrist like this matter couldn't be any more boring, but John knows better and takes the opportunity to lay back down and cuddle his genius, silently promising that he will pay closer attention to his shoulder in the coming weeks, careful not to overdo it. For Sherlock.
"Same here," John agrees, glancing down at his phone, tongue sneaking out to press against his upper lip as he concentrates on reading the small print. Sherlock attempts not to watch the movement and fails. "It's bloody dark out today. I need hot food. What do you think, Sherlock? Indian? Or what about that little Italian place you like?"
The fingers snuggled between his slip free and slide beneath his hand to cradle it upward, and Sherlock only has a millisecond to track the progress of the movement before he realizes exactly where it's headed, and suddenly he can't breathe as John brings his hand to his lips and lays a gentle kiss in Sherlock's palm, brushing the lightest touch along the delicate skin with such care it becomes physically impossible for the genius boy to do anything besides stare.
After they had finally gotten their act together and became a couple, not much had changed between their day to day lives, except now they only needed one bedroom instead of two.  They had never cared much about going out on dates as couples normally do, but once they had this case that landed them in a nightclub and that night and the things that happened on the dance floor became permanently etched in both their minds.  It has now turned into a game they like to play.  Now whenever the mood strikes – usually every few weeks, one will text the other with a location and time and what to wear and the fun begins.
He'd thrown it rather direct and sharp, aiming in the general direction of the pyramid, hoping to hit something, anything, though he panics for a beat as the ball makes its way to the other end for what feels like eternity.
Walking down an empty hotel hallway is always a little ominous and tonight feels no different as Sherlock grips his somewhat presumptuous overnight bag in his hand a bit tighter, the little contents of a jumper, a pair of jeans and a toothbrush shifting slightly as he picks up the pace, the keycard Greg had slipped him right after the game snug in his grip. He's not going to use it of course, the thought of barging in to John's room to 'surprise' him feeling a bit showy and obnoxious, especially after the ordeal his boyfriend has already been through this evening, but it is nice to have a key just in case.
Sherlock had blinked and ran another keen eye down John's form. "I know you're a medical student, and captain of the rugby team," he'd said factually. "I know you have close friends living in London but you prefer not to live with any of them, probably because you have hobbies you prefer they don't know about, like the fact that you enjoy writing in your free time. Judging by the lengths you go to keep it a secret, I'd assume its poetry or fictional stories, something the good old rugby boys wouldn't approve of. And I know you're tolerant, so you may be the perfect flatmate for someone like me."
Link smirked. "True. So he must actually like the bloke. Which concerns me because he's kind of a scary guy. All intimidating and serious. I get why people want to fuck him but I think you're the only one to actually spend time with him."
John giggles, shaking his head fondly at Sherlock. "It's okay to be excited about something like that, you know."
Everything was so soft and warm. The blankets puffed around him, the body pressed against him, the lips caressing his forehead. John had never felt so... safe. So completely vulnerable and yet so protected. Cocooned in security, Sherlock taking his time with him, his touch remaining gentle, John had never experienced anything like this before.
It's just as well that he chooses that moment to glance at the clock, calculating how much more of this madness they'll have to endure when he catches just a glimpse of something flying out of the corner of his eye.
John bit his lip hard, face flaming at the nudity of a boy in this setting. Of course he'd been in the showers with other boys at school but this wasn't like that at all. This was different. So
"Like that, did you?" John says huskily and Sherlock nods dazedly. John laughs and kisses him. "You've been playing hard to get."
His words didn't seem a detriment to John's plans as his mouth traveled down Sherlock's front, licking and sucking and biting and needing every inch of his torso.
Sherlock catalogues that away, although he's certain the title will need to be amended after he actually enters the party. Lord only knows how many of these people will be drenched in alcohol.
John's heart fell heavily into his stomach. Third day in a row. No new messages. No calls from Sherlock. No text messages from Sherlock.
Sherlock stood in the doorway, naked from the waist up, trousers hanging loosely off his hips, hands twitching at his sides, eyes flashing in the reflection of the mirror, piercing John in a more intimate way than ever before. John couldn't help sucking in a harsh breath at the sight as the air thickened around them, enveloped in the loo, bare chests only meters apart, bodies vibrating with anticipation. He held Sherlock's gaze, unblinking in their reflections, unable to tear his eyes from those rapidly darkening irises, unable to stop his own lips from falling open, unable to keep from breathing harder and harder.
"Oi, quit smiling at your phone and get your arse on the field, Watson!" Greg calls from the middle of pitch where he stands surrounded by the rest of the team in various stages of stretching preparing for practice, arms crossed in mock irritation.
After this odd, random conversation, John couldn't do much more besides laugh. This had to be one of the most bizarre situations he'd ever been in. Really, what other reaction could he possibly have?
As promised, Sherlock was an excellent teacher and John, perfect, stunning John Watson was a quick study.
Sliding another finger in to fit next to the first, John stretched and prodded, loosening the tight ring of muscle as Sherlock moaned.
"Do not," John growls, giving Sherlock a shove to lay down, "apologize. I want you to fuck my mouth, Sherlock Holmes."
John's lips sweep across his, Sherlock's face still cradled in his hands, noses bumping delicately against one another's.
John had felt his cheeks burn and he dropped his gaze. "Right," he had murmured. "Wait…wait a second," he'd stammered suddenly and Sherlock froze. "We've only just met and we're going to look at your flat?"
Mycroft crossed his legs and looked off behind Sherlock. "John's parents are denying they have him."
"God bless the internet," John moans above him and Sherlock can't help the chuckle that hums in his throat and vibrates his lips against his lover's erection. "Ooooh my good god," John gasps, fingers tightening in ringlets and pulling slightly, a feeble attempt to dislodge him as John thrashes against the sheets. "Oh fuck baby, oh Christ, I'm gonna come. You don't-... fuck, you can't... I can't...
John, still dazed, did recall that he still didn't have a clue where they were. He still couldn't quite bring himself to care as Sherlock turned, still grasping his hand, and John reached out and pinched his arsecheek. The indignant squeal Sherlock let out was so worth it, John burst out laughing. Sherlock returned the favor with a pat on the rear to get John going, and they both dissolved into giggles, grabbing at each other and sneaking kisses as they made their way down the short hall.
"Well, turns out I didn't even need to say anything," Mike shrugs. "Sounds like Paul and Victor are on the outs."
Picking up two small plastic balls out of a cup sitting just off to the side of the pyramid that Sherlock quickly counts has ten cups, Mike hands him one. It's very flimsy and light, made just of plastic, thin enough that Sherlock could probably close his fist around it and crush it easily. He holds it delicately and peers into the cups on his end, finding each one half-filled with amber liquid, smelling strongly of beer. Hm. Interesting.
Sherlock actually laughs out loud. They do this a lot, probably more than they should, sending sex texts to each other throughout the day and late into the night if one is unable to ring the other.
John almost growled with frustration. He didn't want dinner, or to be interrupted one more sodding time while he was alone with Sherlock. He wanted to get going, get this anxiety resolved before he lost his nerve entirely. Lust was slowly taking over him as he stared at those dark curls and he considered maybe he could get through this alright. He just needed to get started. And to stop bloody
The blond boy's heart lodges itself in his throat. "No need to apologize," John whispers, holding his roommate closer, hand rubbing down his back in an attempt to calm him even as John's pulse races.
"Oh f-fuck," John stuttered, his sensitive, virgin body shuddering as Sherlock gripped him over his jeans. "Mm, tha-that's good."
Grabbing at his hand, peeling it off his own hip, John laces his fingers with Sherlock's and pushes it back over his head, gripping it for all he's worth as he drives his hips back into Sherlock, grinding down into him. "Yeah, yeah baby," John babbles, finding that spot again and pushing against it over and over as Sherlock bucks up against him with a sob.
God, it was romantic wasn't it? And Sherlock knew it too. It was the word he's been searching for since he's received the note.
Sherlock's body goes rigid immediately, that voice having been trained within him to set off the panic button in his head.
And Sherlock just can't help adding just a dash more happiness to that precious, round face and just barely avoids diving under the tree to grab another small present, one he'd purchased and wrapped all on his own, not half as perfectly as his mother had but he's hoping John won't mind too much.
Grinning like the fool that he is like he always does every time the name lights up his phone or leaves his mouth or crosses his mind, the genius boy tips his head back and lets his mind wander like it's been doing for the last few days, familiar feelings and realizations swirling around his mind again and again. He glances one more time at the clock on his phone before tucking it back into his trouser pocket and decides now is probably a good a time as any to really examine what exactly it is that he's learned in the 72 hours since John left their dorm.
"I did it on purpose, John," Sherlock whispered, opening his eyes to focus on the wall again. "I didn't want to live anymore. Even after I got clean, I still wondered why I survived. Why I shouldn't turn back around and try again."
Sherlock should have kept his distance, which sounds terribly silly considering they live in the same flat for christssake, but now that he thinks back on it, he should have. He should have made hard and fast rules about space, he should have spent more time away in the labs or libraries, he should have been more obnoxious with late night concerts on his violin and more liberal with disgusting experiments.
When John sleeps, Sherlock doesn't have to look into his unfathomable eyes. He doesn't have to worry about a sudden, breathtaking smile or sexy smirk like the one John is sporting now. When John is sleeping, Sherlock isn't caught off-balance by a sudden interaction. He can observe freely. He can scan and deduce and find out everything about John. Which he has done with aplomb, he might add.
He grins to himself at his own cleverness and throws open the doors of the library, stepping out under the overhang of the building into what has turned into a rather dark and dreary day, rain sprinkling lightly along the concrete, though from the dampness of the ground Sherlock would surmise it had been raining heavily earlier. He takes a deep breath, always appreciating the smell of rain on a gloomy London day, assessing the heaviness of the droplets and deciding an umbrella isn't necessary at all.
That promise lasts about thirteen days. Just shy of two weeks, after several late-night ice cream runs and giggling over Sherlock's stories of failed experiments and explosions he'd set off at his school, after doing several activities a day together, spending every moment laughing and talking and he'd eve dare say flirting, John simply cannot take it anymore.
But even now something is settling heavily in his stomach and Sherlock can't seem to control it; he's nervous. It's silly, he knows, obviously John will be kind about him arriving unannounced and never ever make him feel badly, but that's not the same as John actually being happy to see him. It's not the same as knowing he'll be welcomed with a true grin and a kiss and maybe a little loving. It would feel hollow and a little hurtful, John offering an obligatory smile that wouldn't reach his eyes and calmly put up with entertaining Sherlock for the night while he silently wished for silence and an empty room to tend to his wounds in peace.
"John, please tell me you aren't staring at my behind," Sherlock's voice came from across the room, his back still turned.
Which John accepts, another wave of warmth washing through his chest for the boy in front of him. "Oh, love," he murmurs, eyes going soft, brimming with affection.
John's cheeks are flushed and warm when Sherlock presses a palm to one, his features soft with tenderness making Sherlock's heart ache, and he takes the moment to remember John's face just like this, open and kind and loving and careful, all of the things that Sherlock loves about this boy.
He was still in the midst of those grim considerations when John opened his eyes and blinked sleepily. His gaze met Sherlock's, and a spontaneous beam lit up his fluffy face. He opened his mouth, probably to say 'Good morning', and...
His grip tightened on the cup, and his gaze hardened as the other smiled pleasantly. If John could have remained uncertain of his identity from his face, his behaviour left him with no doubts.
"I know I messed up that day we were kidnapped and brought to the... to the basement, but it wasn't a game. He wasn't even playing, he..."
"He wants me to pay £500,000 in exchange for his silence. If I don't pay him, he will make the letters public, and that would cause a terrible scandal for me – one that would lead to..." Her voice broke and she had to collect herself before finishing: "...to the cancellation of my engagement, undoubtedly." Stifling a sob, she buried her face in her hands.
In any case, he wasn't being fair, and he knew it. Sherlock had probably felt more comfortable approaching physically his cat form at first, but last night had clearly showed that he didn't mind hugging him as a man too. His embrace had been just has warm, just as trusting; John hated himself for not having been satisfied with it.
"It is the first time I have been kissed," Sherlock mused, as if thinking out loud. "You could've waited until I was really awake."
"Weird, isn't it? I thought it might be a puzzle that might amuse your funny friend, too." She smiled. It wasn't particularly mocking, but John didn't like it and felt as if she were deriding the consulting detective.
"I will. In fact, I am planning on going out by myself tonight to some bar Lestrade told me about, for bachelors."
Her sister had been a darling. She must have been dying to know about... but she hadn't asked anything. She had gone so far as to avoid turning the TV on, which wasn't absolutely necessary but still denoted her consideration. The sweet girl had always liked good news, not bad ones anyway. And there was nothing good to be told about this whole dreadful business. D.I. Lestrade had been demoted and sent away from London. Dr. Watson was still a wreck and couldn't find a job as a doctor anywhere. And Sherlock... Sherlock was dead. He was, wasn't he?
her anything: you've just said 'blue', and she took it as a joke. She would never understand, would she? Still, it had been an unnecessary risk to take.
, Sherlock thought. Then there were the things John never asked but obviously desired very much. His body, for one thing (even if that was beyond Sherlock's comprehension); his affection, and signs that he cared; him getting better. And finally, there were the things John himself wasn't aware of: what Sherlock called his 'kinks'. He could definitely explore those.
Then you remembered that was the whole point. It didn't really matter if you acted all upset and insecure now – the only problem was that you weren't. Acting, that is. It would be better if John truly thought you had played him – safer for him, for you, for everyone really. But admit it, don't you hope, deep down, that he
The manul hissed and was making such a racket that Sherlock thought it wiser to open the door – but not before testing his authority on the frenzied feline.
"Well, I cannot remember any occasion in which Sherlock lent his coat to anyone. But you had it with you yesterday, didn't you, John?"
Very carefully, John slid a hand between Sherlock's legs and grabbed the base of his own shaft to orient it slightly differently. With his other hand, he gently caressed his lover's entrance.
Mycroft arched an eyebrow. Sherlock did not develop, knowing his brother got his meaning perfectly and was only taunting him.
There was, however, a snag; namely, that John was presently a manul. It was as if fate would not let them go on with their lives and put away undiscussed matters for a while. Not that Sherlock believed in anything as silly as fate; the only thing he knew for sure from John's transformation was that his friend was feeling miserable for some reason, when he should have felt...
Cathy lets out a sigh of exasperation and takes her cup of coffee. "Then you're not attracted to him anymore?"
As the fog in his head cleared, Sherlock became gradually aware of his position. It was, he thought, the one people referred to as 'spooning'. His body was touching John's in many places, but the skin to skin contact was reduced as Sherlock was wearing pyjamas. His palm on John's chest, John's neck against his arm. There was something unsettling about such proximity with limbs that were not his own, and that belonged to something alive. Not that Sherlock was in the habit of hugging corpses very often, but there was a time when he certainly touched dead flesh a lot more than living people. Fleetingly, it occurred to him that the same could have probably been said for Molly. He did not want to examine too much the fact that the only person openly attracted to him was one who worked in a mortuary.
"So... you're saying you're waiting to marry him to go out anywhere other than this bar or the park near your school, and to have sex?" Cathy reformulates, disbelieving.
"Now listen to me: what happened between those three is not your fault. At all. You said it yourself, Hilton would've never believed us if we'd told him his wife wanted him dead. It is tragic that Abby lost her life in the process, but in the end, she was still going to murder a man herself. And it was premeditated. You can't blame yourself for people's stupidity, Sherlock. It would be endless."
Sherlock did not express any joy about being back, and only now do you feel that you can let yours show. And joy is an understatement, really.
"If you ever see someone falling in a chasm, don't jump after them. It is rather unlikely you'll have a chance to
"I've given you a glimpse, Sherlock, just a teensy glimpse of what I've got going on out there in the big bad world."
He brought his hands up and resumed unbuttoning his shirt – he would never be able to wear that one again – and felt one of the three gazes being averted. John, undoubtedly. Of course
"...I see. Well. Mary, then." She rather likes the amused smile playing on the man's lips. "I brought some scones," Mycroft continues, putting the bag on the table.
"Well, that was interesting," Sherlock declared as he dropped into the sofa. He glanced at John. "Don't glare at me like that, you know perfectly well that I couldn't have talked to you on the cab ride."
You reach your seat at last, and you want to kiss Molly because she's wonderful: it's a single seat. At the very back, indeed, but with nobody next to you. You let yourself fall onto the seat and secure your belt – they're going to announce it in a minute any way, and you won't be listening. You close your eyes and shut off your senses – all of them but touch and taste, although you wish you could. There's a metallic taste on your tongue – how
kiss properly. He  dived in abruptly, surprising the doctor and intending to crush his  lips to his once more. But John avoided the contact and instead  straightened up at the last moment, kissing the detective's nose.  Sherlock was so startled he froze on the spot.
This chapter was not betaed. My apologies for all the remaining mistakes and typos! I hope you can still enjoy it. Oh, and Merry Christmas to you all! :)
Transformations were triggered by a sizeable cluster of negative and unpleasant emotions, all of which could usually be dispelled by the close presence of the other, as in cuddling. It was when they relaxed enough to fall asleep together that they managed to transform back.
‘Is Victor all right?’ he asked as he grabbed Sherlock’s other arm and stepped above the emptiness, not looking down, and putting most of his weight onto Sherlock’s arms. His friend held onto him tightly and helped him onto their own balcony safely. Then he did something John hadn’t seen coming at all.
Mycroft simply nodded, resting his hands on his umbrella. Only then did John notice the two huge business suit-clad men waiting by the door, carrying a very large aluminium case on wheels.
"So, hum..." he begins, awkward as ever. "I heard you're married, now." The word doesn't sound right in his mouth.
But it wasn't with them that Greg wanted to celebrate this. After all he'd done, he was exhausted, but happy like a good worker who has completed his task at the end of a hard day of labour. He could only think of one person to tell, one person to share the news with.
John searched Sherlock's gaze for a moment. He could see nothing there but worry and anger mingled with fear.
Silence. Sherlock feels sick. John takes a deep breath and starts shaking. Closing his eyes, he falls back onto the bed and shivers. Then chokes.
At this, Sebastian laughed whole-heartedly, and Irene was quite bewildered, for his laughter sounded sincere.
; but she was addicted. She shared the same addiction as her father, which was the same as that of her two husbands: Eliska was deeply, intrinsically, irretrievably addicted to power. And refinement. And luxury. It all came together; and ultimately it all came from the hands of men. Hence her loving nothing more than having them dance in the palm of her hand.
"Just get out of the way, you're preventing people from getting in and out, standing there like an idiot. Young people these days, bloody blind, can't look where they're going, stupid people with their stupid phones..."
Three hours passed and Sherlock had long solved the case. It wasn't very difficult, really. From the file alone he'd already got an idea, and he only needed to confirm it – which he would've done already, had he been in human form.
Dramatic and foreboding. Something he would say; something he would write. He always had a certain style.
He swallowed. John's pulse under his palm was erratic, and Sherlock thought of a fluttering bird caught in some snare. It was warm. John's skin was rough against Sherlock's fingers, and he suddenly felt the urge to stroke it to smoothness. It did not make any sense. Fortunately, he still had enough not to act on it. Their eyes remained locked until the cabby's voice abruptly brought them back to the present.
"Don't lie, John," Sherlock cut in, fairly annoyed. "I could tell you felt awkward, and you suddenly jumped back when I reminded you that you were naked."
"She couldn't do that," Sherlock said absently. "Brad would have given the documents to the police right away. Henry was the one thing he would not bear to lose. Having lost him, he would not care if he ended up in prison as well."
Sherlock Sherlock Sherlock Sherl- - John! Wake up! John! I'm right here! - ...Nightmare. - I had gathered as much. - Sorry, did I wake you up?
"But really, John, look after Seb a bit. I'm worried about him. He's still grieving, and you more than anybody can understand how he feels. Maybe. Kind of. You see what I mean."
John knocked again, a little more firmly. Still nothing. He frowned, and assumed Sherlock must have gone out. Maybe he'd been more upset than John had thought. That, or... He swallowed, and pushed the door open cautiously, glancing inside. What he saw filled him all at once with delight and concern.
His eyes snapped back to her at the outburst. He had been admiring a painting of a Madone; the woman he now laid eyes upon was closer to the Gorgon. He couldn't help but smirk at the dissimilarity.
Taking the parchment you sit again on the armchair sloppily, and skim through it in case you missed a clue. It tells the story of Titty Mouse and Tatty Mouse who live and do everything together. Then Titty dies and Tatty weeps, and for some unfathomable reason the whole house goes amok starting with the stool that begins to hop around, then the broom, the door and so on. Until a man on a ladder is told Tatty's weeping and so decides to fall and break his neck, thus destroying Tatty's house and her with it, by a reversed butterfly effect. Complete nonsense. But not so much as the little note in red ink at the end of the tale, saying: '
You fall quiet as you see the police car parked in front of 221B, and Greg in the doorway speaking with Mrs. Hudson.
"Dr. Barnicot said he had a borderline personality disorder and it isn't the first time he put notes randomly in people's mailboxes."
Sherlock averted his gaze and jumped back onto the bed, sitting next to his friend. He was stll trying to process his discovery.
Now he could perfectly follow Sherlock's line of reasoning from the moment he had reacted with shame to the stranger's gaze on the street. He should've been more careful. Sherlock was too observant, his insecurity too acute still.
To make him come back?" Mycroft snorted. "I'm afraid you overestimate my authority upon him, Ms. Adler."
Except that he hadn't. How could anyone expect him to 'put some order' and move on? This was absurd. Complete nonsense.
"Sit down," the ex-soldier said, and Sherlock couldn't decipher whether it was an order or a prayer. Either way, the voice was so compelling he fell back to his seat mechanically.
"I'm not..." John stopped in mid-sentence and hit his head against the car window. Sherlock turned wide eyes to him, his expression clearly saying:
They looked each other in the eye. Irene could see nothing there but weariness, and a cold, rational, calculating determination.
All in all, he is doing rather well, he thinks. He hasn't touched drugs since that last time in 221B – hasn't gone back to the flat or to Sherlock's grave either. Somewhere deep inside he is very angry with himself, for destroying everything that still linked him to Sherlock: the grave, Baker street, the milk, even
In the end Sherlock had waited and waited, petting John, focusing on his every reaction to see what kind of caress, and where, was the most effective on him. But John had not fallen asleep; Sherlock hadn't either, for that matter. And so after an hour of silence in the peaceful darkness of Sherlock's bedroom, both of them were as awake as ever, and, John feared, just as edgy.
"I will be sure to let you know once we have caught the criminal," he said. Then, turning to Emily pointedly, he handed her a name card.
"What, just when the best part of the show is about to start? How cruel of you! Turn him on and then leave him there unsatisfied... But that's just like you, isn't it? You like to play. You like to manipulate."
Nonetheless, he played the music in his mind as well, matching perfectly the notes Sherlock was hearing at the moment. Each jerk of the hips, the shoulders, the knee, every motion of the head or legs, every movement of the arm still holding the cane, matched the tapping of Sherlock's fingers. John knew this piece by heart. Sherlock had played the sonata while being "heart-broken" after Irene Adler's presumed death, but always skipped the
"I know you arrived two days ago at Hotel Danieli with your mistress Mrs. Hupaetos, whose husband is to come and join her the day after tomorrow after he is done with an important meeting held in Kuwait."
Sherlock frowned. In the ghastly light of the computer screen, he looked like one of those grimacing masks worn by Chinese actors. John, remembering the Black Lotus, found the thought as disturbing as amusing.
In any other situation the doctor would have found little objection to that, but considering their current surroundings and goal, he found that he was far from satisfied with his friend's reasoning — "John, you are not a stray cat and have never set... paw on the London pavement before. Therefore it is only logical that I carry you until it is necessary you scurry off on your own. Don't act as if it were insulting."
He screamed as his orgasm hit him, his eyes rolling up into his head, his body thrashing back and forth. The pleasure was so intense he thought his legs would give way under him, and so he kept moving, writhing and swaying to stay upright. He vaguely felt the tears fill his eyes and streak down his face, drowning the anguish and the mortification, flooding the longing and the passion. It was all too much.
"Sir, I just received a call saying we'd received another letter," Sally Donovan informed. She stopped in the doorway. "What is
felt awkward? It had happened so naturally John didn't how to account for it. Sherlock's company had never been uncomfortable. Unpleasant, at times — rarely, if John had to be honest, and only because Sherlock was being overly irritating — but never awkward. Except that one time at Angelo's, of course. Now that really had been awkward, all the more so as John hadn't been aware of what he was saying at the time, truly hadn't meant anything by it; a Freudian slip, one might say. Except it wasn't exactly a slip. Still, he hadn't been
"The beginning and the end," he said, quite satisfied with how quickly he'd found such a simple, easy to understand explanation.
It's true your attraction to her confused your brilliant mind. But don't you think it is precisely because it
The train had stopped now, and Sherlock could see the shadows of passengers queuing to get off behind the door. John was seeing other shadows too, abounding in the station, behind the curtains. He tried to ignore them, and shut his eyes as he tightened his embrace.
"Why wouldn't you like me to call you Jim, since you've visibly been very keen to take on the name?"
the sight of John was worth it a thousand times. Sherlock thought there was nothing he wouldn't do to see John like this and to be the cause of it, to make John surrender and scream, to hear John's voice babble his name and beg him not to leave... because he'd said it, hadn't he? ...Hadn't he?
Send. He had barely turned to the machine and started to think about what he wanted when his mobile vibrated again.
John, who had taken the glass of water Sherlock had served him, looked up at his friend to determine whether he meant anything more by that, but Sherlock seemed oblivious to the similarity with John's situation a year ago.
"Well, aren't you happy, now? Perhaps you'll finally get a chance to shag him, between two cases when he's
But if Mycroft had been 'constantly worried' about his baby brother before, now he had good reasons to be preoccupied.
Lestrade nodded. "I'll be there in a minute." He turned to Sherlock with an apologetic twist of his mouth. "Look, I'm sorry. You really helped us, putting us on Henry's trail. Whatever happened to him, we need to find him."
"Please do come back later," cut in the voice of the other man, who was presently sitting in the armchair turned towards the windows. "It will surely rain this afternoon, and I shall go out."
"Oh dear, you are so coarse," Irene said with some disdain, although her tone was highly ironic. Now there was a man who knew how to play. Nothing like Mary Morstan's blinding boldness.
, just keep it simple and brief. - God forbid the star witness at the trial should come across as intelligent. - 'Intelligent', fine; let's give 'smart-arse' a wide berth. - I'll just be myself. - Are you listening to me?!
"We can take turns," John replied half-jokingly, smiling through the black curls and running his hand through them. He would love to wash this hair, he thought as he drowned into the scent.
When they entered the room, Sherlock was already sprawled on the bed. Under the cover, in fact, a piteous look on his face. John stared. Hilton panicked.
He handed Angelo the menu and glanced at his friend to see if he would order anything, but Sherlock hadn't even opened the menu. John sighed.
Of course he would always come right away if Sherlock asked, but if it wasn't truly important, he would leave just as soon, having done whatever Sherlock had called him for. He was still the faithful friend and blogger, watching his back during chases and helping him insofar as he was able during cases. Yet something was different. Sherlock couldn't help but note that John avoided all body contact and jolted dramatically every time their hands accidentally brushed, every time they bumped into each other. It annoyed Sherlock to no end – especially since John did not react that way when they were on a chase or when the detective was in some immediate danger. He would still jump and push him away to safety, but would recoil just as quickly.
during the first few years. Babies are a hassle," she groans as she lets you hug her again. You play with her locks – ashes and amber – as you both end up snuggling on the couch.
At this, their new client looked slightly appalled, but soon his face broke into a fond, melancholy smile that made John wonder. The man stepped in front of Mrs Hudson and into the flat.
And so he decided to face this once and for all. Slowly, and very gingerly, he moved closer, closer, closer... until his body was pressed to Sherlock's and he could actually feel his warmth through the sheet and blanket. He breathed in deeply, rested his head in the crook of Sherlock's neck, and hugged him. It wasn't a tight embrace, but it was enough to snap the detective out of his slumber, and make him start in surprise, then freeze in shock, and finally just lie there, still and disbelieving. John did not let go.
As expected of Sherlock, he didn't listen, and only let go of John's manhood when it was flaccid. The moment he sat back John's legs failed him and he ended up falling on Sherlock, whose protestations were muffled as he fell back. John let his head fall on his friend's torso and held on to him mechanically, as if he were a giant teddy bear.
of all people to make the first move? Or was he not expecting him to do anything? The one thing that unnerved Sherlock the most was the lack of data on this issue. Was John restraining himself for his own sake or for Sherlock's? What had been his line of reasoning? Had there been a line of reasoning or had it all been about
wouldn't actually tell you it's crazy to come back to London, but to leave it pretending you are dead in the first place). But you're not staying long – you just arrived this afternoon, and your train is leaving tomorrow first thing in the morning.
"Congratulations, John," Mrs. Hudson tells you, pressing your hand with emotion. "I am truly glad you found someone. And, you know, he would've been happy too... No, scratch that, he would've sulked for months and been even more insufferable than usual."
John chuckles and plugs in the hairdryer next to his bedside table, on which he puts it down. You eye it warily.
‘I think it was Amelia!’ one of the kitchen boys piped in. Almost instantly another said ‘No, it was Celia!’
"I'll give you one last thing – and that's from me, not from Jim," Moran goes on. "Actually, that's for you too, John. But you got the lesson already. I wonder sometimes if us 'pets' weren't smarter than the 'masters', what d'ya think?"
Sherlock was waiting in front of him, leaning on the wall. He must have been staring at the door the whole time, for the first thing John met upon opening it was his friend's intense gaze. He shivered.
This is what you do. This is the job you've created for yourself. The last and highest court of appeal in detection.
get it and will be here tonight. But you are quite sure he did get it - hadn't he been trained to see such things after all? The
It's true dance and sex are both about abandoning your restraints – but it can also be mastered and skilfully controlled. In fact, both are all about the right proportion of passion and skill."
Perhaps you should. You want to know more, get more pieces. Islands aren't so bad after all, even if it isn't a palace – it feels like different pieces of Sherlock are given to you through the consulting detective's old cases, his addiction to cocaine... but his uni days are missing. Everything he did before he invented his unique job for himself is unknown to you – and you desperately wish to know. Add more islands, link them together in a better, more appropriate way. Because you know you're merely reconstructing Sherlock. His mind and body are no longer here to make sense of all those pieces of him; only your mind and body remain. All you can do is recreate an image of him. You're aware that this may be somewhat artificial, because you mix in your love and pining for him, and those were never part of the original picture. You are the one who provides the flow that links all the pieces, now that Sherlock is dead.
But Maggie wasn't done. Hell has no fury as a woman spurned, they say – so what about a woman spurned twice, fooled and mocked?
"The stars?" he repeats, disconcerted. "But I've brought you flowers, look!" He hands her a bunch of daffodils.
They got up late that morning, and when they went down for breakfast, their hosts were already finishing their coffee under the pergola.
All in all, John didn't think his temper was short. People did get on his nerves, but his tolerance level wasn't low – quite the opposite, in fact. Mycroft hadn't been at the funeral – at least, John hadn't seen him, but he suspected the man to have watched the ceremony from afar. He didn't look for a black umbrella, though. When Holmes the elder – the only one left, John thought darkly – had visited him in his flat, after the doctor had ignored his cars and beautiful women holding a phone, he was thinner than John recalled.
"You said this was abduction," he murmurs, his nose rubbing against yours, "but your website is called The Science of Deduction."
John obeyed happily. He'd learned to always have candles in the house, especially in one where a torch would most likely end up in pieces for Sherlock to play with. John liked candles better anyway, in the event of a power cut. That was something he got from his childhood. Whenever there was a power cut that could not be fixed within the house and when it lasted more than a few minutes, his mother would get the candles and tell them stories. Or they would just end up chatting in the dining-room. Absentmindedly, John wondered whether Harry had taken up the same habit.
"All lives end. All hearts are broken," Mycroft had said on the day they thought Irene Adler had died. But he never wanted Sherlock's heart to be broken – because he did have a heart, and an expansive, powerful one which made him feel too much and eventually led him to rely on logic alone. Logic didn't hurt, it was clear and simple. Sherlock's way of perceiving the world was close to what one would call a high-functioning autism. He was bewildered and confused by the world that surrounded him and especially by people. In order to observe, you must stand at some distance from the object of your scrutiny. Sherlock was always far. He was timid, unsociable, fierce and untamed, but more than that he didn't understand how other people thought because it was all so different from his own mind. He got used to being rejected and ostracised even before he started wondering
But when he saw Sherlock's shattered gaze, John knew he couldn't ask this of him. Not that Sherlock wouldn't do it: he would, and then he'd be forced to watch as Sebastian put a bullet in John's head in return. John wasn't sure whether Sherlock would take less badly his flatmate being raped – this time, quite concretely – before his eyes. But if by any chance they could both make it alive out of here, John would be there to do everything in his power to convince Sherlock that he wasn't responsible, and that it was all fine.
He was furious with his subordinates, but even more furious with himself for not having any proper argument to defend Sherlock. Greg did not believe Sherlock could have done it. Never. But he had no proof. He had nothing to go on, nothing to defend his belief. He was trying, really trying to think of something that would shut them up, while Anderson was talking. He didn't need to listen. He knew already: everything Anderson was saying, he knew. He knew all these elements could point to Sherlock, but it didn't make sense, because... Well, because it was Sherlock. Because Greg cared about him and didn't want it to be him and... He swallowed. The gravity of the situation was slowly dawning on him.
Sherlock did not hug him back, but rested his brow respectfully against the ever present chest in acknowledgement.
He was suddenly brought out of his thoughts by Sherlock picking him up and holding him closer, locking their eyes.
"Even though you like fairy tales, you did not seem to take the references to Snow white very seriously."
He'd thought a lot about it, of course. He couldn't ignore this lingering unease at the idea that Sherlock, if not managed well, could well be a threat to society. Not to mention that his brother, who seemed to be holding all the strings in Britain and even much farther, would probably cover him. Mycroft Holmes was obviously more careful and, Lestrade feared, even smarter and actually more dangerous than Sherlock himself; but above all he was ridiculously protective of his little brother. If Sherlock started a mess, Greg was quite sure Mycroft Holmes would be there to clean it and leave no trace of it whatsoever. The thought was rather chilling.
"Fifteen," Sherlock said almost triumphantly — evidently the number he had been aiming for from the beginning. John rolled his eyes.
Sherlock draped himself in his dignity and went to sit across from his old friend in John's armchair, proud as a peacock. Victor had the decency to keep his eyes on Sherlock's face, but did not seem overly ill at ease.
Sherlock thought he heard the ambulance's siren in the distance before he effectively lost consciousness.
," John repeated, running a soothing hand through the silky black curls that were a little wet from the shower, and caressing Sherlock's clenched jaw with his other hand. He chuckled, and Sherlock glowered. John kissed his nose.
She sticks her tongue at him and escapes to the armchair, grabbing her book and curling up into a ball.
Hilton looked around confusedly, in shock. He was trembling, trying to look for a phone as if there would be one in this room. John growled, annoyed, and muttered:
Sherlock could make out Molly's puzzled tone over the phone and snorted. John, John... such a stupid question. Of course Molly hadn't found anything in the goose, it wouldn't make sense. The man who had the goose, on the other hand, and his pursuers, probably thought that there was a gem –
"Is it? Ooh, I see." Sherlock grinned. In this instant he felt such hatred for his brother that he had no qualms about wounding him as deeply as he could. And he could. He was, after all, his brother's only weakness, and now he saw it as clear as day. "And he did see it too, didn't he? God, he must have had some fun torturing you."
"Please answer the question," John cut in as gently as possible before Sherlock could push the man any further. The consulting detective's acting talents were always rather handy, but it remained that they were not
"Depending on how things turned out, I was to give you one, or the other." Why is Sherlock ignoring you?
When Sherlock opened his eyes, the first thing he saw was a brownish, appetizing nipple mere inches from his face. He blinked, and did the only natural thing to do: he kissed it.
John didn't know it could work with missing people. He was often woken up by the sound of a violin at night. He caught a glimpse of Sherlock in the street every day. Whenever it rained he would smell his scent – even though he couldn't see the link. Every time he opened the door, he would be surprised not to see him rush in and rant about the stupidity of the police or gloat over a challenging murder. He stopped opening the door when someone rang and just waited for them to come in – he never locked. And whenever he went out, he'd close his eyes until he was in the staircase.
"Never take what he says literally. His words are always suggestive. Moriarty's are rather of the performative type."
"You may not," Sherlock replied absently before turning and leaving. John stared, befuddled, stammered an apology to the woman, and ran after him.
While was trying to figure out how this was any different from when John had been on his knees in the bathroom this morning, his flatmate was waiting apparently stoically but actually overwhelmed with dread. He was treading on thin ice and he knew it. Not only was Sherlock a rape victim, but he'd never been very sociable even before the event – not a sociopath, certainly, but probably mild Asperger's syndrome (of course, Sherlock had found high-functioning sociopathy more appealing than high-functioning autism). John didn't need to put him into defined medical categories though, and really didn't care. All that mattered was that now even more than before, Sherlock would be hypersensitive to every word, every facial expression, every gesture... More than that: with his deducing skills, he'd be hypersensitive to pretty much anything, things ordinary people wouldn't even notice. Yes, he was broken, but his intellectual capacities hadn't been impaired, even if he didn't realize it himself. Now, as ever, it would be impossible to lie to him.
arrogant?" "Of course you bloody are! And what are you implying?"). Like in every other fight, Sherlock had won, and John was now lying in bed in the upper room. His sleep was very light, and when he heard the stairs' steps creak right outside his room, he was on his guard. When the door to his room was pushed open gingerly, he already had a hold of his gun, although he still pretended to be asleep.
"You could have told me!" he exclaimed in place of greetings. "Seriously, I've been contacting you about this case for days, and all of a sudden you go and use my identity without my consent, expose the true culprit and make us look like idiots
, Sherlock mused before giving in and pushing the door open. John rushed downstairs, and froze in front of the door. He had only two choices, and both were blows to his pride: either he could mewl until Mrs. Hudson heard him, or he could scratch at the door. He picked the latter, while Sherlock sniggered on the first floor. A minute later, they heard footsteps rushing to the door, and it opened on their landlady. She blinked, surprised not to see anyone, before her eyes fell to the floor and she saw... well, the manul.
She laughs. "That's all right. When I go back to work and you take your paternity leave, you'll have all the time you want to take him to the park."
‘Police, everyone freeze! We have come to arrest the Giant Rat of Sumatra for murder of Mrs Leverton!’
Again, a wave of guilt washed over John. He knew he was being a twat. A very selfish one, to boot. But ever since the last time he'd transformed into a stupid cat – and God how he feared it would happen when he was with Maggie – he'd obviously tried to distance himself as much as he could from Sherlock. He wasn't
John shook his coat off and sat down on the couch, then stood again, leaned back on the sofa arm then stood again. What was he supposed to do? Where should he be when Sherlock came back? How would this start?
Why is he even fucking here? Why did he listen to Irene? Why is he such a goddamn fuck up all the time? He'd sworn he'd heard something unsaid in her voice, something she couldn't say,
"Hmph," Sherlock shrugs this away, and John is entirely gratified to watch the genius boy practically squawk as John tosses a towel over his head and scrubs his damp hair. "John! Good god, I'm not a dog!"
Sherlock curves his face into John's neck, inhaling the scent of his lover deeply into his lungs, wishing for it to fill every fiber of his being. "Why not here?"
"Oh, my apologies, John," the man replies and John rolls his eyes in frustration before pausing to look up just as the body finally decides to slink off.
As it turned out, Sherlock was the first to pull away, loosening his grip on John and scooting back. John opened his eyes to find Sherlock smiling softly down at him, cheeks flushed a lovely pink, eyes crinkled with such affection it made John's chest hurt. "Are you alright?" Sherlock murmured, voice coming out hoarse like he'd just woken.
Mike's brow knitted in confusion for a brief moment then recovered. "You're a right prick for what you did, you know that?"
"Maybe," Sherlock says. "I just wish I could talk to the person, you know? Just say...something. I don't know. Have a conversation."
He looks so nervous and so wanting and so unsure, John lets himself go and reaches for Sherlock. "Come here," John murmurs, wrapping a hand around the back of Sherlock's neck and bringing him down into a kiss. "We'll do it together."
John pinched his eyes shut. "No." He's bisexual but that wasn't information he was about to hand out to this nosy girl.
"I don't like him," Irene whispers, glancing around their table quickly before continuing, ensuring there are no prying eyes or open ears nearby. "I hate the way he… the way he
"You said you were with some Victor in the library," John attempts a nonchalant tone and fails miserably.
It was Mycroft's turn to snort. "Don't pretend to be obtuse, brother dear, it's a terrible color on you."
Sherlock lays back on the couch, forgetting all his earlier fears and the empty days ahead of him, focused only on the phone call coming his way from the only person in the world he wants to hear from.
"Shut up," John said with a furious glare. "Just…just don't sit there like a surprised guppy, staring at me like I'm the insane one, okay? You…you're the most brilliant man I've ever known and my very best friend. I find everything about you interesting and fascinating, even when it's blowing up the kitchen. And I…I know this is probably going to fuck up our living situation and I'm sorry about that. But look at me." He huffed a self-deprecating laugh as he spread his hands to either side of him. "I'm a bloody mess over here. I lost it when I thought you had a date and now I know that it was this that you were doing and I… fuck the way you looked on stage was…breathtaking and I-" John cut himself off, realizing the dangerous territory he was walking into.
John Watson is curled on his side, one arm tucked underneath his head, the other laying palm flat against the empty space next to him.
"Well one of my friends said they let him do whatever he wants since he's like the youngest PhD student they've ever had or something. Since he's only 19 and not some 50 year-old guy, they let him do whatever he wants. I dunno, it's all fucked up."
John's heart dropped heavily into his stomach as Sherlock's features twitched into a smile of his own and he laughed softly, flicking a glance up to Victor's dark brown eyes, features crinkling with mirth.
"Sherlock, hey." Victor Trevor is breathing a bit heavily, shoulders rising and falling as though he'd just run a great distance in search of something, though the smile on his face looks like he's found what he was looking for.
"Victor Trevor is a predator, John," Irene barks, snapping his attention back to her. "It doesn't matter if Sherlock is interested or not. Victor is dangerous. Not in the sense of cutting Sherlock up into pieces and tossing him in the back bay, but in the sense of using, abusing and losing. He fancies himself quite a man's man, playing games, spinning wheels and keeping himself entertained. Once he's got them right where he wants them, and he's not above using other, ahem,
"Well, there's nothing for it now," Mycroft replied. "I know where he is now and that's what matters."
Continuing to scroll through a master list of articles he himself has been cultivating for the last several days and saved into no particular order, Sherlock leans closer to his laptop perched on his desk in his dorm room and reads every title and introduction again in each article very carefully, copying and pasting links to another spreadsheet that he's deemed actually useful, gathering all the data before beginning to sift through it page by page, word by word, because Sherlock is nothing if not thorough and he needs this information. He needs
Sherlock smirks as he turns. It's nice to know he can still find pleasure in being smarter than the police.
He slips inside, pulling the curtain tight behind him and wraps his arms possessively around Sherlock's hips.
John huffed beneath him. "Actually what I was going to say was I'm really glad I'm doing all this for the first time with you. You're very important to me. You're… you're the
He narrowed his eyes, the harsh lights from the streets silhouetting a dark protrusion from the wall, but Sherlock was already sure he knew what it was. There, against the side of the building, he could see the outline of two bodies pressed against the brick, a relatively taller man pressing a considerably shorter one to it.
"Alright, well when is our next meeting?" Irene stands to gather her own belongings, apparently also finished for the day.
John really can't help himself. He is fully aware that if he just kisses Sherlock, instinct will take over and the boy will relax. But John can't resist just a little more teasing. John wants to enjoy this boy's innocence for just a bit longer.
Sherlock turned back to the stove as he said, "I'd like to talk to you. Couldn't very well have you running off before that, now could I?"
The heat is back in full force rushing out to his every limb as Sherlock takes in his man commanding the field and his team, rallying everyone around him, pulling attention like some beacon of strength and power, his short stature doing nothing to hinder his authority, every boy on the team hanging on his every word as he gestures and hollers and directs their next play. Sherlock can't catch any single word, but he can see the team standing at attention, can see the hold John's got on all these boys; they respect the hell out of him, even their own captain listening intently, before they break with a unanimous clap, pumping each other up with whoops and hollers, jogging back out onto the mess of a field and digging in for another go.
Sherlock eyes the Detective Inspector attempting to be inconspicuous and failing. It's no wonder the police are so incompetent. "Did Lestrade put you up to this?"
Sinking into the heated water, John sighed heavily feeling all the tension begin to release itself from his body. He leaned back against Sherlock's strong chest, closing his eyes in the steam as Sherlock dragged a flannel over him in smooth glides, soothing over his pained joints and scars and aging skin, wrinkling further in the water. Sherlock had somehow managed to remain perfectly statuesque and unmarked as they got older, his skin remaining completely flawless and lovely. John tried to envy him but it was made difficult when that perfect body still laid beneath his at night, rolling and grinding and pushing into John's every touch, still wanting him the way he had when they were boys.
"You look so good," John growls low in his throat. "So fucking good. You're perfect arse, Jesus I could write poems about it."
"You see, Mycroft, and I'm sure now that I've seen that exact look on that boy over there, Sherlock, believe they are not normal." Greg drops his head sadly. "They don't think they deserve to be loved. And they're convinced at every juncture of their relationships, we're gonna realize that. We'll figure out they aren't normal, and we'll leave."
John tapped his knee as anticipation hummed in his body, overshadowing the nerves he felt at the possibility of Sherlock catching him following. A small part of him worried about that while the rest of him vibrated with excitement.
"Oh fine," Sherlock tries to feign annoyance with a sigh like he's agreeing to do something he doesn't want to but John can hear the ready agreement in his words.
"Mm, just look at you," the man said again, directing his words solely to John. "All blonde hair and blue eyes?" The man reached out and ran his thumb over John's lower lip, placing his fingers softly on John's cheek. "I would love to see what you look like in the throws of an orgasm. Maybe I could borrow you for a weekend and find out for myself? And trust me, you would want to stay for the whole weekend." He tilted his head slightly. "You may not be able to walk straight for a day or two after I'm done with you." His words came out calm. And hot. So. Fucking. Hot.
"Hey, Sherlock," he calls from around John's shoulder and Sherlock has only a half-second to realize exactly what's happening as Mike winks at him. "Catch."
Greg claps him on the back as they greet each other, smiling and laughing and already telling stories of the months they've been apart, even though they do keep in touch during the school year.
Mike rolled his eyes. "Great. You know, just because you're officially dating doesn't give you the right to zone out every time you're with us."
His father's breath finally slows. "One of the ranch hands left the latch open on her stall. She almost killed Anderson when she burst out suddenly and took off."
Will stared at him for a moment and then a small, almost evil smirk spread across his face. "You can't go home with me?"
All he knows is this is his life now. Constant wheels turning, questioning every move, wondering every second he's away from Sherlock, analyzing all of their conversations and interactions over and over, wishing he could know, wishing he could just pinpoint exactly what is going on, where Sherlock stands with him, where this relationship stands because it doesn't feel like they're just roommates and it doesn't feel like they're just friends.
The answer seems to take eternity. When the chime goes off, Sherlock is almost afraid to look. He peeks at the lit up screen.
It didn't make sense that John Watson's last instinct at night was to make love to Sherlock, and his first instinct in the morning was the stay in bed for as long as possible, rubbing Sherlock's back and whispering tender things in his ear. Like he could do this for the rest of his life and be happy.
And suddenly he couldn't remember why he'd always gotten off on this. Of course, there was always the element of new information and new data, but there had also always been excitement, a little bit of danger and the prospect of new ways in stimulation.
"You're home… you're home," Sherlock is whispering and even to his own ears his words sound disbelieving and wondrous as though he'd imagined another scenario. Which, in fact, he had. One where John Watson played for a team that wasn't England. One where they never made it back to London, Sherlock following John across the continent to chase his dream. And Sherlock's heart would have followed dutifully. If that's what John wanted, if that's where his road had taken him, Sherlock and his 'Property of John Watson' stamped heart would have tagged along.
Sherlock doesn't respond. He lays very still, listening to John find his shoes, trying to focus, to assess the situation, to bloody
It's not accusatory or meant to humiliate in any way. It's tender and honest, just like John Watson, always so careful, always so careful with Sherlock.
Sherlock glared at him a moment longer, knowing that wasn't the truth at all. John wasn't a worrier for everyone. He was a concerned, kind soul who cared for his friends and who one day would care for his patients. That fact didn't do much to ease Sherlock's irritation but he didn't know what else to do with himself so he started picking at the food John brought.
"Mm," John breathes, slipping one hand around Sherlock's cock and stroking long, wet pulls under the spray of the shower. "What were you thinking about?"
"So is this how you knew my name and what program I was in? You knew I'd be in your class? And you say
After a night of no sleep, Sherlock slapped on several nicotine patches and tossed his dressing gown over his sweatpants and a t-shirt, surrendering to indulging every argument to every thought swirling around his mind. It was still early, but his mind was begging him to give in. He lay very still on his couch, attempting to decipher his foreign feelings, going back and forth from why he should at least talk to John to why he should stay away from him altogether.
Just barely managing to avoid a sound of disgust, Sherlock slumps back on the couch and glares at the two blue-swathed sisters, according to the song anyway, just as they close the number with flurries of their feather fans and obnoxious smiles at their suitors in the audience.
"Y-yes?" John had stammered, unsure how this beautiful creature knew his name, but very much not caring, especially if the next words out of his mouth were going to be 'may I fuck you?'
He turned on Sherlock as they rounded the corner. "Who the hell do you think you are being a dick to my best friend?"
He had another urge to vomit when his stomach rolled tellingly as his thoughts spun. The last time he'd been in this flat, he'd been kissing Sherlock like mad one moment and being kicked out the next. The embarrassment of that moment hadn't quite subsided, although yelling at Sherlock last night had helped a little. He was still hurt as hell though. He was slowly moving past the event, but it still wasn't nice to know officially that he had zero chance with Sherlock. The rejection still ached. Not even yelling at him last night could make that stop. And, God, dancing with that random guy had seemed like such a brilliant idea at the time. Get out there and see about dating or hooking up or anything besides pining after Sherlock.
Silently appreciating John Watson and his sense to move things away from a topic that clearly makes him uncomfortable, Sherlock nods in understanding.
Sherlock feels so guilty he's on his feet before he knows it, making his way to John. "I'm sorry," he murmurs.
," John snaps as the door shuts behind them, reaching out and grabbing Sherlock's hand to pull him close. "Aren't you cold? Where's your coat?"
"Agreed," Greg nods, "I told him not to bring Victor around anymore and he readily agreed. I think he thought that interaction would go a bit differently until Victor started acting like a complete dick."
And John, always so intuitive and understanding of Sherlock's nonverbal communication, moans softly. "
"And we were compelled by the higher power to turn back as we heard those words…" Mike faded out and Sherlock threw his head back and laughed a loud belly laugh.
"We'll leave," John agrees readily. "But for now, how about we both find something to wear? The boys will be here in an hour."
Frowning, John glances at Greg who shrugs in response and just as John turns back to tell Paul yet again that no one is angry with him, that it wasn't him who pressured Sherlock into drinking, that it's all fine,
"Move," John barks at a particularly firm man seemingly planted to the floor, hardly moving at all as John tries to brush past.
But suddenly John's fingers have stopped thrusting, slowing down to a smooth twist, spreading apart slightly to assist in stretching Sherlock, moving so slowly it doesn't hurt at all.
I am so terribly sorry for the long delay of this chapter but here it is! Thank you for still supporting and reading!
"Apparently, your friend was unable to make it home from the bar on his own. He tried to use the outside of my barracks as a bed."
And it still felt inadequate. It still didn't feel like enough. John wasn't so sure if it would ever feel like enough.
"Yes, he is something, isn't he?" Mycroft agrees, eyes softening around the edges with a glance to his significant other while Sherlock rolls his, before his gaze snaps back to the short blond. "And I understand you're rooming with my brother this term as well?"
"Of course there are eels!" Sherlock hollered, which did nothing to comfort John's current state of terror. "Don't bother them and they won't bother you. Now JUMP!"
Sherlock felt the body move away from him and he swayed slightly. Then cold hands were on his cheeks.
And then it's like the world is ending all over again as Sherlock's stomach rolls with fury and embarrassment and more bloody hurt, observations finally slotting into place to show the entire picture and Sherlock's cheeks go red.
And even to his ears, his somewhat still drunk ears but nonetheless, the statement sounds more like… like an invitation than anything and Sherlock is about to backtrack on his words, realizing how much of a come on they sounded like.
John giggled and Sherlock stopped breathing for a moment, the sound so unexpectedly sweet to his ears. He fought back his own smile.
"You won't," Sherlock whispers back and reaches blindly to his bedside table, scrambling for the items he'd procured. He'd been prepared for months. He'd wanted this moment for
So when the team stepped up and made Sherlock a part of the group immediately, John had never been so grateful for a group of young men before. He really had hit the jackpot with these boys and he'd made a mental note to express his gratitude later when Sherlock wasn't around. He'd made a point to thank Mike later in the week in particular for his part – which Mike of course had laughed at, telling John he had nothing to thank him for, that he'd really liked Sherlock and that John should bring him more often. There are no words for how appreciative John is of that, nor for the gratitude he has for Greg Lestrade, who clearly prepped the team good and proper for the arrival of Sherlock, right down to the fact that feeding him alcohol would not be the goal of the evening. They'd respected that so thoroughly without being obvious and John had appreciated them fiercely for it. Of course, the same could not be said for Victor Trevor.
The blush in Sherlock's cheeks darkened a bit as he bit as his lip, obviously trying not to grin. "Okay good, that's...that's good."
And on any other day, Sherlock would be able to tamp down on his concerns. He wouldn't even be thinking about the fact that this may have been a very bad idea. But after watching John get driven into the dirt, grinding his shoulder down under the weight of a fully-grown boy, his body still until Sherlock couldn't see him anymore... John could very well just want to be alone tonight. Rest his shoulder and his head and regroup tomorrow.
," he gritted out, feeling so bloody close to the edge he could taste it. He forced himself to keep his eyes open, not wanting to miss a moment of those grey eyes trained on him like he was something to eat. He was sure he was making absurd noises but he couldn't be arsed to care as he slowly lost himself in that cool stare. He was so focused he missed the hand in his hair trailing down his body and only realized another hand had entered his boxers when long, slender fingers slipped underneath his own.
As his mother continues to rummage around among the boxes, Sherlock tracks John in his peripheral vision as the boy makes his way back to his seat on the couch, present clutched in his grasp, practically emanating a ray of light for how hard he's beaming down to the gift-wrapped box.
It's so bloody obvious now, so blatant what with Victor's pristine appearance and pride in neatness, and yet the realization comes like an actual blow to the head, knocking Sherlock off center and leaving him floating in a hazy reality that he's struggling to believe clearly, his mouth suddenly gone dry and cottony as he stares at the liquid swirling only centimeters from his lips.
"I was asleep by the time you were coherent enough to even think," Sherlock smirked, remembering that delightful orgasm he'd delivered to his boyfriend so effortlessly only a week ago, remembering John crying out his name as he came, entire body shaking with the intensity of it. Even without penetration, they had earth-shattering, mind-blowing sex. "If memory serves, you were a bit… out of it after that little session, were you not?"
He's momentarily startled by the swell of cheers seeming to be coming from all around him in the small area as the boys cheer
To have those incredibly deep, ever penetrating eyes focused in on him, untouched body twitching toward him, pink lips curling into a small smile… it's making John crazy.
A sharp intake of breath snaps his attention back up to the boy beside him, the body against his pulling taught for a moment as Sherlock's iron grip on him loosens, crystal blue eyes blinking blearily up at him, slitted and unfocused and fucking
John mentally added it to his list that made up the enigma that was Sherlock Holmes, resisting the urge to tug at his suddenly too tight collar, his own body attempting to overheat itself.
Watson," Sherlock says, laughing when John gives him a quizzical look. "What? Didn't you say you'd be teaching me tonight?"
This had to be about Sherlock. About what John had done to Sherlock. About poor Sherlock. John would never accept if he thought Sherlock was doing this out of pity. Out of concern. None of those words meant shit to John when directed at him.
- John I-" He attempts to warn John. Warn him that he's about to fucking explode and he can't control it and he's spiraling further away.
He'd have to go back to pretending. Haul that giant weight back onto his shoulders and fake being a good boy.
"So, dressing me turns you on then?" John gasped. He was learning all sorts of things this morning about their sex life and he couldn't have been more pleased.
Yes, he would. He absolutely would if it were Sherlock asking. But he didn't mention that to his friend.
Tears rolled down his face and John placed his palms on Sherlock's cheeks, cradling his face in his hands. "Look at me," he whispered.
Fingers are in his curls at the back of his head, warm chest is pressing to his front and Sherlock is reveling in every single touch, the small body in front of him fitting against his own slender frame so perfectly, like two puzzle pieces slotting into place, the warmth of John heating Sherlock from head to toe exquisitely.
But for some unknown reason, John can see more. So much more than what Sherlock puts off. John can see that there is so much more to Sherlock Holmes.
- out of the conference room and John, feeling like a foolish child, trailed behind silently, hoping he was going unnoticed, wishing so much he'd just left the meeting with everyone else and not stayed to see this gross interaction.
"Oh god, John, I'm so sorry-" Sherlock babbles, attempting to sit up but John's hand is on Sherlock's chest before he can catch his balance.
, Johnny," Mike grins like John is just precious for being so completely dim. "One single day. Give him a minute, yeah? He probably needs to process all this."
John's cheeks darkened even further, dropping his gaze to the floor. Sherlock tried not to let his heart fall, already missing John's post-orgasm afterglow. He cleared his throat.
His mouth has turned to absolute cotton, unable to swallow or produce any kind of saliva at all as he attempts to lick his dry lips, his vision blurring slightly as his body heats to a temperature he is certain isn't healthy, sweat forming at his brow and dripping unattractively down the back of his neck. He feels feverish, hotter than he's ever felt, like he might spontaneously combust. Like he might burst into flames this very moment.
Sherlock makes his way to his coat on the rack near the door to pull his phone out of the pocket and subtly tosses a pillow onto the coffee table without looking over.
It doesn't take long for another dirty hit to befall another player, this time Greg is the one landing chest-first into the mud with an opposing player falling gracelessly on top of him, hands twisted in his jersey, both tossing in the mud struggling to gain the upper-hand and apparently, an uppercut as Greg swings a raging fist through the rain and onto the side of the boy's jaw. Others dogpile into the fight, defending their teammates as best they can before the referee is breaking them up, pulling them apart as Greg shouts and spits violently toward the other team, flinging his middle finger in the air as the opposing bloke shouts obviously vile things back.
"Oh, I meant your boy meaning me," Mike glowers while battling a quirking corner of his mouth. "Don't you wanna watch me win for you, Johnny?"
"I swear to god if that's your brother…" John mumbles, making his way back toward the exit of their room.
"Alright, alright, settle down," John laughs at Sherlock's side. "Yes, this is my roommate, Sherlock Holmes. And before you lot go scaring him off with your, uh,
And maybe it would have happened eventually. Maybe he and John were never meant to be anything more than the few month friendship that they had. Maybe it was never in the cards. Maybe this living situation was always meant to end suddenly and tragically for Sherlock Holmes.
"Where are you going?" John's curious voice came from behind him and Sherlock bit back the pang of guilt in his gut. Billy needed him right now. He didn't have a choice. John would be here when he got home. They could talk then. They'd waited ten years as it was. Another few hours wouldn't kill him.
And it hurts. So much, it hurts. It hurts to think John is giving his full attention to anyone else. Especially when all Sherlock's attention has been on John.
But telling Mycroft that feels more annoying than anything else, so Sherlock keeps his mouth shut on the subject entirely.
John caught his wrist and pulled, allowing Sherlock's weight to land on him and propel him back against the door, pressing flush against his body. They both let out small groans.
"We will complete the paperwork when you find another case for us," Sherlock hollered over his shoulder. "I do not have time to be waiting around here all day while your idiot staff attempts to process the crime scene. Let us know if anything else comes up."
"You promise?" John murmurs over his lips. "You promise you'll tell me if you're uncomfortable with... with anything?"
"Sh'lock?" he slurred, his voice thick with sleep as he came to, trembling slightly from that delightfully dirty dream he'd just been having. And now Sherlock was here.
Victor's face darkened slightly, turning his smirk to rather smug and a bit evil, noting John's trembling hands. "You can't be serious, John."
He was here. He was in his class. He could get his chance now. John made a mental note of the best place to linger after class and started planning what he would say to Sherlock when he got him alone. To
But the words wouldn't come. Not now. Not yet. Not when this was all so new and still so terrifying.
Mike smirked. "Is that what you do with Sherlock?" he teased. "Just talk about all your thoughts and feelings and how much you loooove each other?"
Waiting for his eyes to adjust to the darkness, Sherlock assesses his surroundings and himself, double-checking that nothing is amiss, that nothing may have… occurred while he was sleeping.
He doesn't remember sliding a gold band onto Sherlock's ring finger while he slept against John's chest. He doesn't remember murmuring
And he's rather proud if he does say so himself. Somehow, some way, he's found the one group of blokes his age that don't actively hate him. That are welcoming and kind and take the piss out of each other constantly all in good fun, and it's like nothing Sherlock has ever experienced before.
John has his usual reaction to Sherlock's rudeness. He laughs. "Yeah okay," he chuckles. "Sorry your highness."
It's very rare that Sherlock doesn't understand things and the weight of the unknown is driving him a bit mad. He's used to being one step ahead, the smartest person in any room, but this? This is out of the depths of his intelligence. This is based purely on instinct.
Sherlock nods. John has no recollection of being shot. In his mind, he's just come home from that tour, his last memory being a few moments before the bullet entered his chest.
game, play smart and hard, wrangling the team like the captain he should be. He claps his hands and gestures wildly through the raindrops, reigning the boys back in, leading like the leader he is, the frigid cold pinkening his round cheeks and doing nothing to hinder his enthusiasm, finger pointing at each one of his teammates and conjuring a rally cry from the tiny mob surrounding him.
John Watson has become accustomed to all of this, essentially expecting it now, looking forward to it every single time he opens his eyes after a long night's sleep.
Clothes are being pulled at, all but tearing in two as each boy grapples for the upper hand, pushing and yanking and tugging to their mutual goal of bringing their nude bodies together.
," John murmurs and another gentle kiss is dropped to Sherlock's lips, as if John can't keep himself from kissing him. "I can't because if this is… if this is all that I get, I need it to last. I need to keep this moment for as long as you'll let me have it. I don't want to stop-"
Those sparks turn into full on flames at the first contact of John's tongue against his, delicately sweeping into his mouth and rolling over Sherlock's. The moan that rumbles from deep within Sherlock's chest should be humiliating but it's difficult to care when it seems to do nothing but spur John on, his hand clenching in Sherlock's curls a bit tighter, mouth moving quicker over his. Sherlock almost forgets to breathe, his world tilting and blurring around the edges as John delves his tongue deeper, tasting the backs of his teeth. He tastes
It has been months. Months of non-dates and close lab work and Sherlock's bright blue eyes shining at him in the crowd at games.
"John," he cries softly, bringing his palms to John's cheeks. "Don't cry. Please, please don't cry."
And just like that, something snaps loudly into place in Sherlock's head, instantly putting him on high alert, deductions suddenly flying rapidly through his mind, whipping his thoughts this way and that as he takes in everything there is to know about this boy in front of him. This
Scrubbing a hand quickly down his face as if preparing for something serious, Greg shrugs. "I call it the Gallows look," he begins, nodding toward the bar again in reference to Sherlock. "Mycroft had that exact same look half a dozen times the first two months we dated before I realized what it was."
, leaving him breakfast and a note and Sherlock's eager gaze roams over the small square napkin, taking in every letter bleeding into each other.
John huffed an all too loud sigh and threw her an incredulous look. "Yes. He had a two-bedroom flat and I needed somewhere to live. Doesn't mean we're shagging."
Mike raised his eyebrows. "And you do? John, you met the guy a week ago. He clearly only wants one thing from you. Why would you want someone like that who gives it up to everyone? You're better then that mate."
Greg laces his fingers together between his knees, elbows resting on his thighs as he sighs pensively. "The Holmes brothers are absolutely brilliant," he starts and John thinks he's catching up to a conversation they've had once before, until Greg shakes his head. "And yet somehow, they are both incredibly, endearingly stupid."
Sherlock was positively bursting with data. He ran back to his small flat, coat billowing out around him as he rushed to jam his key into the lock and get inside. He urgently whipped the door open and tossed himself in, brimming with excitement as he finally flung his coat off and dropped himself down onto the couch, closing his eyes to begin filing.
"No," John shakes his head. "It's Christmas and you're sulking. Come on, tell me. Is it because I decorated your snow bear?"
As two women appear on the screen in blue, sparkling dresses, singing about the fact that they are sisters – how utterly dull – Sherlock notes John shifting slightly in his seat, and he turns his head to see John's mouth hanging open slightly and leaning forward a bit, eyes locked on the screen as though he'd never seen it before, although it was very clear that he had multiple times. Glancing back to the screen, Sherlock tries to determine what has caught John's attention so profoundly.
John gapes for a moment before pinching his lips together to hide his grin. "I'd love to see you try," he challenges.
John had tackled him to the floor, held his hands over his head and snogged him senseless until Sherlock had relaxed underneath him, gasping for air and reaching for more kisses.
Sherlock shakes his head. This is so frustrating. Why, if someone actually fancied him, would they write him a poem and not reveal their identity-
Two mobiles ping at identical moments and both Irene and Paul pull theirs free to check the message.
And maybe he'll take the path home that just happens to pass by the rugby field, maybe just sneak by casually unnoticed to catch a glimpse of his gorgeous roommate in shorts and a t-shirt, looking disheveled and messy and sexy as all fucking hell. It's a guilty pleasure Sherlock indulges in from time to time and no amount of Chemistry homework is going to keep him from it.
"He's not a puppy, Greg, or a child. He's legally an adult and a rather intelligent one at that. He can make his own decisions." It's the same argument John uses in his head every time he thinks about that night and how he could have stopped it when the guilt gets to be too much. What would have happened to Sherlock if John hadn't been there? Would anyone have sat with him while he threw up into the bushes? Would anyone have told him it was going to be alright? Would anyone have gotten him home safely? Or would Victor had just poured more shots down his throat until Sherlock couldn't stand and then… and then what?
While inexperienced John Watson had an excuse for wanting sex as often as possible, he'd seemed to have opened the floodgates that was Sherlock Holmes' sex drive in the process and he couldn't have been more pleased with himself for that. Ever since their weekend away together at the Holmes' mansion, it seemed that Sherlock's number one goal was to give John as many orgasms as humanly possible.
"Are you quite finished? We have things to do," Sherlock was poking his side a short while later as John was deep in discussion with Victoria about his course schedule.
"You are never a burden," John whispers in his ear, dropping a gentle kiss just below Sherlock's ear and nuzzling his nose there for a moment, just needing to hold him for a bit, remember that this is real, that it's them now, the two of them against the rest of the world. "Don't ever think that you're a burden."
Sherlock knew that wouldn't be the end of it, knew they still had mountains to climb, but still. Standing here, holding the man he'd loved since he was a boy, about to make love to him for the first time in ten bloody years, about to give him his entire world again, about to take on this man's entire world, god it was everything. It was terrifying and beautiful and beyond perfect because it was them and just like them to make it this difficult on themselves and wait this bloody long to make it happen.
Sherlock grins. "Oh…well. Good then." He nods more to himself than anything and glances down at his chest. "What do I…"
Well, the nicer ones say piss off. The other ones? Especially the boys his age? Well, they are all the same anyway and their reactions come as close to identical as can be. A fist to the face is a group favorite. A good tongue-lashing suffices for others. A personal tear down of Sherlock's looks, brain and social life or lack there of is also always on hand as well.
"Yours?" Sherlock cuts in desperately, shivering as John's fingers dip under his jumper. "Because I am, John. I'm yours."
"Mm," John hummed, dragging his index finger up Sherlock's chest to his chin and guiding him back to his mouth. Sherlock obliged, bending to capture John's unbelievably soft lips again, sweeping his tongue into his mouth and licking gently, tasting every inch he could reach. The kiss wasn't gentle, both biting and sucking roughly, hands running all over each other's bodies, feeling and exploring and grabbing and taking. It was a battle getting each other's trousers off, both wrestling each other out of the remainder of their clothing, each taking too much interest in the other getting starkers as soon as possible.
Biting hard on the inside of his cheek, Sherlock swallows, wondering which would be the best way to sneak out of this ceremony and out the back door without being seen by the boys lined up behind him. His eyes dart across the banquet hall, marking each exit in his memory and making a note of what lies behind each door, cement or gravel or carpet, all of which will be painful when shoved into it if the blokes follow, although if he can duck in time he can-
Cocking a confused brow in his dormmate's direction, Sherlock doesn't seem to be paying attention to John at all as he continues to glare at the girl by his side, who seems perfectly at ease with Sherlock's snappishness.
"John," the man said slowly. "You practically started drooling when you walked in tonight. It wasn't that hard to figure out."
"Sodding Mike," John grumbles to himself as he watches the genius boy make his way over to the benches on the sideline of the practice field where the rest of the rugby team is currently gathering, unable to take his eyes off the perfect curve of Sherlock's arse. "Sodding Mike and sodding Paul and sodding Greg."
The urgency in the blond boy's movements makes something pulse in the base of Sherlock's spine and he bites his lip as his jeans fall open, silently agreeing with himself that he is simply going to enjoy this. He's not going to worry about what happens later, that this is a one-time thing, that tomorrow he will see John at school and it will be like this never happened.
Hurrying onto the sidewalk lining the field just far enough away to walk by unnoticed, Sherlock's sharp eyes scan the gaggle of red-clad boys, thin practice jerseys hanging off each of them overtop different colored shirts, every single one of them looking disheveled and damp and like they're having the time of their lives, all smiling and laughing and shoving each other around the muddy pitch. A soft glow blooms in Sherlock's chest at the sight of them all, the memory of the party only a few short weeks ago replaying in his head the way they'd all accepted him into their circle, joked and laughed with him, and let him feel a part of it all.
Sherlock hadn't wept. He hadn't whispered tender words or extended tight hugs. He simply nodded stoically; accepted John's kiss on the cheek and saw him off.
"Mhm," Sherlock hums the affirmative, accepting John's gentle snog, rather smug for someone with a cock in his arse.
It's what Sherlock does, to the dismay of almost all that cross his path. He sees things about people, notices the smallest of scratches or twitches or loose strings that tell a much bigger story. The Science of Deduction he so proudly calls it. It is a science, after all. And Sherlock is a scientist.
Except for the tiny fact that John has been pushing to move their - friendship? Sherlock doesn't even know - outside of their room and into the open. Out in public. Out to John's
As an afterthought, John supposes maybe he should be thanking Victor for giving him a reason to be close to Sherlock. He'd had a reason to touch him, to rub his back soothingly, to hold him close all the way home, to take care of him.
John laughs but hugs him back. "You're more then welcome." He kisses Sherlock's lips and grins when Sherlock hums. "Is it time for celebrating, naughty boy?"
He choked out a sob over the sink, the emotion in his chest weighing heavily on his lungs. John Watson,
The boy above him does an honest to god body roll, hips heaving helplessly off the door and back as he groans, dropping his head back against the wood behind him. "John," he whispers, bottom lip threatening a full-on pout that's hindered by the moan he can't seem to keep at bay as John's breath ghosts against his naked skin. "John, please."
And John can't help but laugh, because this whole situation is completely ridiculous. He brushes the curls back from Sherlock's forehead. "I'm sure. I love you."
Sherlock's shoulders visibly sagged in relief, his face sliding into a smile that made John feel like the most precious thing in the world.
John nods. "God, yes. You're so gorgeous, Sherlock. I couldn't wait to get my hands on you and yours on me."
of me? Or just… this? Because if all you want is… this, then that's fine. I'll… I can accept whatever you want to give me."
"Sorry, I shouldn't...it's not-" John searched for an explanation, stammering stupidly, heart thudding hard in his chest in panic. "I'll see you, uh, there."
"Oh yeah, hold on a second though," Victor says, Sherlock watching his feet walk away out of the corner of his eye. "I'm going to grab something to drink, do you want anything?"
Spinning around with a frown, Sherlock immediately opens his mouth to protest before a palm is suddenly silencing him, closing around his mouth. "Shh," John murmurs, though his eyes only land on Sherlock for a moment before they slide away to focus on the dark floor as though he's focusing on-
"Well, I was five, dreadfully bored with little access to explosives, so you'll forgive me for finding entertainment in shock value, rather then something actually scientific."
It hasn't escaped his notice that Sherlock never attends anything to do with the rugby team, declining every time John offers.
Kicking at a rusty can that lay sharp and exposed just near the dirty mattress, Sherlock hummed under his breath, forcing himself not to react. Forcing himself to take emotion out of it. "Nice place," he muttered, even as his stomach rolled tellingly.
"You can't leave!" Irene barks, giving his arm a hard yank to bring him back down to a sitting position. "You have to stick around to congratulate him."
don't get chapter seven at all. I mean like at all. With all the chemical compound nonsense? Christ almighty. Can we start there?"
John's lips were just as soft as last week, warm and wet but more urgent today, more wanting. He pried Sherlock's mouth open as his fingers twisted into the lapels of his coat, yanking Sherlock forward. Sherlock didn't need an invitation, pressing John against the wall, their bodies flush against each other. Sherlock braced a hand behind John's head against the wall and grabbed John's hip as he delved his tongue into John's heated mouth, exploring every inch just to make sure he hadn't forgotten what he tasted like. But he hadn't forgotten, not for a second, because the tea and the coffee and the John spice was all there, just as he'd left it and he wanted more, so much more.
Or maybe it started ten years previously when John Watson had joined his class, sat down with him at lunch and shared his bag of crackers after peering into Sherlock's empty lunchbox, pouring two handfuls of crumbling crackers into his outstretched palms.
But right now, right where John's arm lay over his stomach, searing a fierce burn into Sherlock's skin beneath his shirt and making his eyes practically roll back in his head at the pleasure of it, Sherlock has no shame. None at all. Not when his fingers press gently into John's skin. Not when his gaze lingers just over the line of too long on John's lips. And especially not when he swears on everything he owns that he feels the softest brush of a thumb along his belly, the gentlest of caresses, the barest whisper of a touch, though Sherlock feels it bone deep, sizzling in his veins, the touch branding his very skin for all time.
"Why do you have that?" John had inquired about the microscope, deliberately choosing to question the most lavish item first, to which Sherlock responded with a grumbled response about its necessity when experimenting.
Sherlock had a soft expression on until he took in John's demeanor, and his face promptly fell with concern.
Sherlock snorts. "Alright, well. John and I have food to eat and a rugby game to debrief so if you don't mind-"
"John," Sherlock murmured, slinking closer. "I know you're uncomfortable with us funding a trip for you. But I'd really,
Again, the crowd laughed and the voice waited for it to die down. "Now, without further ado, please give a warm welcome to our favorite boy: The Detective."
It's such an unfamiliar feeling, being looked at like this. Sherlock isn't entirely sure how to react. "Yes, well," he mumbles, feeling monumentally stupid.
Pressing a soft kiss just below his ear and snuggling in, John breathes, "Goodnight, Sherlock. Thank you for a wonderful evening," ever so softly, sighing contentedly and pressing a hand to the genius boy's belly, holding him as close as possible as he settles in for the night, aligned along Sherlock's back perfectly, fitting like he always does.
Grinning to himself, Sherlock still refuses to look at him, though the soft chuckle he hears in reply only makes him smile harder.
"And I'll be there too, you know," John mumbles, looking away to keep the moment from getting too intense, too close to concern, and glancing around for his towel and clothing to change into after he showers because he can already tell what Sherlock's answer will be. "We can just, I dunno, hang out and have a beer or something."
"Hm," Sherlock notes with a tone of surprise and does it again, dragging a heated strip up to John's ear and taking the lobe between his lips, nipping the soft tissue with the edges of his teeth just hard enough to make John gasp, the hand on Sherlock's hip curling into his own jersey as if grasping on to his own sanity.
"No, you're tired because you didn't run this morning, you had several beers after class and your body is expecting the caffeine intake you normally have around this time of day to kick in but seeing as I threw out your coffee, you didn't receive such a kick."
"Ah, no," John shakes his head, eyes still locked on Sherlock. "No, I think our opponent here is just as surprised as we are."
John laughs and gives him another kiss, grinning against his lips. "Just be," he agrees. "Just be...together?"
By way of responding, Sherlock doesn't, instead dipping lower and dropping his head back to John's shoulder, lips parting to the sky, eyes closed as John grinds against him carefully dragging their bodies together again and again. It should be strange with their height difference but it works somehow, Sherlock's long body folding down to meet John's, moving with him, heat radiating off of him through his clothes. John wants to touch that hot skin beneath those perfectly fitted threads, put his mouth there and suck, scorch his lips and taste the sweat. It's intoxicating, this beautiful boy curled against him, letting John have his way, following his lead and reveling in it, drowning in the rhythm together, every touch sensual in a way John's never experienced before, every caress carrying a heat bolder than the one before, every point their forms meet at sizzling with desire.
"Hey, wait," John lays a hand on Sherlock's forearm, causing the dancer's body temperature to skyrocket. "Um, so, next week is your show, right?"
Guilt swoops heavily in John's stomach, his ears heating with embarrassment at being called out, having apparently forgotten that Sherlock's bullshit radar is much more refined than most even over text messaging, his sneakiness not holding a candle to that brilliant brain of that genius boy.
Mike smirked. "Step one was sulking which you've done your absolute fair share of. Step two was getting spectacularly drunk," Mike glanced his friend up and down, "which I must say you have achieved with aplomb."
"I think we ought to call the coppers," a boy Sherlock recognizes as one of Sebastian's followers. "This is sick. He probably wants to do something freaky to him."
John, the popular bloke with the kind eyes and warm personality, did not need to be seen with the weirdo.
," Irene squeals with renewed energy, note back in her hand as Sherlock deflates slightly, losing all conviction to his inattentive audience. She glances up to find Sherlock standing there with his notebook in hand. She frowns. "Oh, no," she shakes her head down at the apparently offensive binding of papers, "we're not doing our project. We're going to the game."
"He takes some getting used to, dear," Mrs. Hudson had warned after introducing herself as a 'friend of the Holmes family'. "He does things at his own will but give him some time. If you need anything, feel free to call either of these numbers." She'd handed him a card with the information, patted his cheek, and left.
Heart turning harshly in his chest, John blinks fondly down to the words on his screen, his entire body seeming to be missing Sherlock a ridiculous amount, especially at the time of night he's usually only a few meters away from him in their small room. He curls in on himself and types out a brief message.
Sherlock's lips mash clumsily against John's as he all but falls forward, but John holds him still, effectively securing their mouths.
"Fuck- I can't stop thinking about you," he murmurs into the steam, one hand pressed flat against the tiled wall, the other winding its away around the back of John's head and into his soaking hair. "I can't stop… thinking about the other night."
John opened his mouth to respond when seemingly out of nowhere, Victor Trevor appeared at Sherlock's side. "He's fine," Victor replied for him. "Just a bit sick, aren't you John?"
John clears his throat. "Yeah, can I talk to you, Sherlock?" He glances at the adults still standing and watching. "In private?"
"Could you stop being stubborn for one moment and think about what I'm saying? I truly hope you are intelligent enough to understand how badly it could be for your relationship if you choose to pursue your newfound vendetta against the Watsons."
Sherlock was clinging to him, face buried in his neck as he sobbed through every wave of intense pleasure John delivered to him. "Yes, god, yes, John, yes yes yes," he babbled, lips brushing against John's pulse point, hot breath ragged on his skin.
John chuckles against Sherlock's skin because this just truly cannot be happening to him. This perfect boy is his for the… god for the
"Fuck," John croaks, rolling them over and excitement floods Sherlock's frame as the captain looms over him. "Sherlock, you can't… Christ, you can't say things like that to me."
"I have no idea what you're talking about," Sherlock calls over his shoulder, and John's eyes fall helplessly to that perfectly round, tight arse , moving away from him. He swallows hard, trying to figure out how he's fallen into such a wonderful situation.
club," he mock whispers, waggling his brows like he's just told them a very naughty secret, nodding at them both like they clearly need to get on board with this plan immediately since it's so excellent. "It's going to awesome."
Christ, what is the name for him now? Boyfriend? Partner? Bloke you just sucked face with for one long glorious hour until you realized it could never stop because you both live in the same room and it's not like you can leave and if you don't physically stop it things may get… out of hand and they shouldn't because it's all so new and fresh and there is no rush and so you separate yourselves and awkwardly head off to the loo to get ready for bed only to return to find him curled up in his own bed apparently sleeping?
He may have had a point. Doing something stupid sounded fantastic right now. He debated if they should get another drink and glanced at Mike to gage if he would try to stop them.
He let himself drop heavily to his sofa, falling comfortably against the cushions, and took a deep, heaving breath, rolling his shoulders and shaking his head gently, trying to gain control over himself again.
does he want it, he wants to be John's fully and completely and he doesn't know how else to communicate that to his partner, feeling absolutely no shame as another plea falls from his mouth, completely unnecessarily as his slender frame practically vibrates with need.
you are making me spell this out for you. It's not rocket science, which is a stupid comparison in this particular situation since you'd actually be able to sort it out if it
John would settle in to his chair across from the teacher's desk and somehow the conversation always found itself.
That warm bubble promptly bursts into something else entirely, practically exploding and sending tiny shocks of delighted pleasure at the sound of John Watson's voice calling him out from down where he still stands in the midst of the muddy pitch, the cadence in his words lilted as though happily surprised to see Sherlock near the field. Biting the inside of his cheek hard enough to break skin to keep the grin from spreading ridiculously wide across his face, Sherlock finds it's absolutely no use against the brilliant, megawatt smile his roommate is currently radiating in his direction.
The way Sherlock had looked at him that day still haunts John. He couldn't decipher that look, not then and not now. He has no idea what it means. All he knows is that boy genius was looking at him with those gorgeous eyes in a way he'd never seen before, a sharp, searing gaze, like John was… he doesn't even have a word for it. All he knows is the first time he'd locked eyes with Sherlock Holmes outside of their shared dorm room, it had been positively
And John dutifully obeys, panting deliciously heated breathes into the whorl of Sherlock's ear as he pours himself into Sherlock, muttering, "o-oh, god, baby, god -
John snorted. "Does it matter? I can call you whatever you'd like, as long as you know that you are mine and I am yours."
The figure slowly raised his head, the bloodied, bruised face of Bill Wiggins coming eye to eye with Sherlock. "Mister H-Holmes," he murmured as Sherlock reached for him. "I'm sorry."
John's stomach swooped in disappointment but he nodded, looking back at the floor. "Sorry," he murmured.
Sherlock nods before thinking because he has missed John so terribly. He can't remember why he's been avoiding him.
Sherlock frowned. "For helping convince John to come on holiday with us. Obviously," he muttered. "Although you gambled a little with the false states possibility. A large trip like that could have scared him off. I assume we're just going to the Sussex house like usual?"
"I've got you, love," John immediately soothes, smiling encouragingly as Sherlock's hand wraps around his forearm, not stopping him but simply riding the wave of John's strokes, lips opening and closing slowly like he isn't quite sure what to do with them, attempting to assemble some sort of control in the situation.
"John," Sherlock moaned again, one hand slipping into John's hair, hazily debating if he should be pulling or pushing and settled on just resting and enjoying.
Irene stares for a very long moment before running a hand through her hair and glancing up to the sky as though hoping to find the patience to deal with Sherlock's apparent stupidity somewhere up there. "This is why I prefer women," she grumbles to the clouds. "Sherlock," she lets out a long suffering sigh. "He likes you. Okay? John Watson likes you. He's got a big gay crush on you. Whether he's straight or bi or what have you, it doesn't matter because
, maybe. Tonight, John took the time to shower thoroughly, select very specific items of clothing, match his entire outfit, situated his blond fringe and dabbed on a bit of cologne – all for his night out with Sherlock.
"Hush," John squeezes his thigh where he knows the genius is ticklish and chuckles as Sherlock bites back a shriek of indignation. "You are not going."
Sherlock freezes for a moment before finding John's mouth turning up in a teasing smirk. "Ah," he says in understanding, "so you've heard more about my reputation than the ballet aspect."
," he breathes in a rush, pressing a palm to his racing heart and exhaling his fright and, honestly, his
They both took a hefty swig, then John stared blearily at Link, nodded once and turned to Mike. "Link should move in with us."
Round cobalt eyes shimmer back at him, profoundly deep and all-consuming, sitting just below dirty blonde fringe that falls across the boy's forehead just so, the edges winging out just enough, giving off the impression of clean cut with a dash of disorder and a hint of chaos. The blond is short but not in an unfortunate way. In a nice, compact, sturdy way. In a way that is
The silent battle begins again as Mycroft peers back at Sherlock, that irritatingly smug, satisfied look Sherlock knows all too well plastered on his face.
The first piece of data Sherlock was currently filing away: John was ridiculously sensitive to touch. Which was to be expected of course, but somehow seeing John react to even the smallest of attention made Sherlock preen shamelessly. Eliciting anything resembling pleasure from John's body counted as a win in Sherlock's book.
"What something?" John inquires, gut twisting slightly. He has barely said two words to Paul outside of plays and drills at practice and games in the last week, since his friend seems to be hell-bent on hurrying off as quickly as possible afterward, seemingly avoiding John at all costs.
Unfortunately, all the things John wanted to see and hear involved a naked version of Sherlock, and wished he could explain how deeply disappointing it was to not have all his fantasies come true after they'd discussed their situation. John had tried to inform Sherlock his mind was made up and he wanted to be with him, but it had been no use. Sherlock wouldn't accept an answer until after he'd fully courted John and revealed all of his secrets in the process.
"Can I?" He whispered over Sherlock's lips, just for his own sanity, just to be one hundred percent certain.
"Me what?" John turns to shine beautiful blue eyes in Sherlock's direction, chest heaving and shaking still, smile even brighter against the splash of muddy water now splattered across his cheek.
He runs out of the stables, preparing to scream for Mrs. Hudson or Lestrade or someone to tell him where Dolly is, when he sees a figure galloping toward him from the distance.
John's own anger was coming back. Being accused of being a liar can do that to a person. He glowered at Sherlock. "I'm not lying, Sherlock," he bit back.
"Well, looks like it was that John boy that left the door unlocked," Anderson's nasally voice comes from the doorway. "I just questioned all the workers and John is the one with her the most."
"No plans," John said pleasantly, having no intention of verbalizing his situation. "Probably just stay in town and catch up on school work."
It's the little things that make up the big things and now Sherlock is hardly able to look at his friend without going red in the face because John Watson is still John Watson whether Sherlock wants to be in love with him or not and it's so bloody unfair to sit through this kind of torture every day, this need to be with John every waking moment mixed with the need to never want to see him again for fear of embarrassing himself. And Sherlock is certain he is right on the verge of embarrassing himself considering the entire sodding school is just as in love with John as Sherlock is.
His husband who dove at the chance to go back to the battlefield immediately upon request? Who chose to leave him? Who decided their life together wasn't enough?
John's face flamed, his eyelids fluttering slightly at the intimacy of the moment. He'd never been looked at the way Sherlock was looking at him right now and he was positively drunk on it, after so many months of wishing and wanting this. He hadn't heard himself breathing for a long time and took a big gulp of air, trying to keep himself steady. "Sherlock," was all he could breath. Was this real? Did Sherlock actually just say those things to him?
"Cheers, Johnny Boy!" Mike chimes in, giving a shove to John's shoulder. "I propose we add Sherlock Holmes to our team roster so he can travel with us to every single game and get Johnny here to play every match like he just did."
"Christ you are barking mad," John giggles, unzipping his jacket and peeling it off his still somewhat sweaty body, kicking off his trainers and moving to tug his jersey over his head. "Okay Crazy, I am going to go shower. Please don't do anything weird while I'm gone?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes, hiding his smile as he looked down. This was the only thing he could think to do for John. The only thing he thought would help.
He pulled back all too soon, deciding he didn't want to feel Sherlock initiating the detanglement, sure Sherlock must be getting anxious, seeing as he wasn't one to stand idle often. Sherlock unwound his arms and instead settled them on John's waist as they found each other's eyes again. Sherlock leaned forward and pressed his forehead to John's.
John is bloody distracting. He has no time for these distractions. "Whatever," Sherlock whips his hand through the air with an eye roll. "Besides, why do you even care where I was? I'm certain you've enjoyed having a room all to yourself. Wouldn't you prefer I didn't come back?"
"He absolutely will," Victor chimed in again, face pinched with a fake smile. "He's got a date tonight!"
He decides it would be nicer to just go out to the clearing and freely ride for the day. No practice. No responsibilities.
Sherlock gaped for a full ten seconds before shaking his head. "No," he said, "no you weren't this proud when we were eighteen. I don't believe you."
He can practically hear his roommate contemplating taking the bait before resigning himself to curiosity. "What are they?"
Sherlock's eyes are wider and darker then John has ever seen them and there is a very obvious bulge protruding from his trousers. "John," he breathes. "You... you should take your shirt off, too."
," punctuated with a damp kiss to his lover's cheek before straightening back up. "Wouldn't you say?"
"Well when said teacher said he'd like to fuck me not a week ago, I think we're passed forward, don't you?"
John's fingers touched his belt and his tongue flicked over the skin below his naval and Sherlock's eyes flew open.
John shook his head. Why was this voice yelling at him? "Shh," John whispered again. "It's night night time."
Just a year before, John had sat frozen, watching a dark figure dismount a vintage Triumph Rocket, tug free a head full of silky ringlets from his helmet, lick his lips with glinting steel and glide into the coffee shop John was waiting in to meet a potential flatmate he'd been messaging.
Sherlock was a notoriously indecisive child. His hobbies lasted days at best, and nothing ever stuck.
Victor sighed as though this were all so tedious and annoying that John couldn't simply understand and move on. "Sherlock needs more then anything you could ever give him, John," Victor replied with a shake of his head as though John were just some poor sod with a hopeless crush. "He doesn't want some dumb jock like you. He needs an equal. Someone who can match him." Victor ran a keen eye over John's form. "In all aspects of his life. Physically, you're not even close. Intellectually, you're laughable. Sexually...well. I'm certain your skills wouldn't be able to please him. Although, I have heard you're rather…friendly in that area."
"Your work was adequate," Sherlock replied shortly then looked down at his untouched coffee and back to John. "Is that what this is? A bribe for more good marks?"
. And as little as Sherlock knows about social interactions, one thing he does know is that people love athletes. They love team spirit and they love cheering at games and they l
"I missed you all day," John whispers into the space between their lips as he pulls back, tilts his head and goes back in, ensuring he's kissing Sherlock Holmes as thoroughly as possible.
But the other, more prominent, more real threat is the one that John has been avoiding giving a name to all day, the nagging feeling in the back of his mind, the pinprick that stabs the top of his spine with every buzz of his mobile.
The usual whoops and hollered hellos echo along the inside of the room as they enter and Sherlock nods his own greeting, avoiding eye contact as best he can even as Mike stumbles toward them already a bit drunk and Paul steadies him at the elbow with a laugh while the rest of the rugby team crowds around them, already planning to slip away unnoticed, maybe grab a beer and hide out until Mike wants to play Beer Pong, feeling off-kilter and uneasy.
The curly head rose up slowly and grey eyes caught John's only open one. "Woah." John leaned forward, wanting to be as close as possible to this gorgeous person. "You're pretty." Those eyes were like magnets and he didn't want to look away.
"Unless?" Sherlock prompts, feeling unnaturally displeased with this new game, John's lips just irritatingly out of reach.
The way John sucks his bottom lip into his mouth and worries at the skin with his teeth makes Sherlock freeze, suddenly realizing he's missed something. "John?"
In this school, that could mean a whole mess of different things. Amongst the creative types and artists and all-around outcasts, even Sherlock knows he holds some sort of superiority amongst them. Being the top dancer in the school and male, as well as having a passion for science and on occasion dangerous experiments in the labs, not participating in physical sports or concerning himself with social status makes him important somehow. Untouchable. He represents successful rebellion to the rest of this particular half of the school and he's quietly appreciated for it. He's aware of this but pays no mind to it. It does nothing for him.
John was on his feet before Anderson could finish, swinging his book bag over his shoulder and hurrying off, suddenly wide awake, and deliberately ignoring Anderson calling after him.
He heard a chuckle from the person supporting his weight. "I know sorry, the rain and the sweat are not a great combination for warmth. Come on, let's get you to bed."
"I need your assistance in teaching me about-oh-morning sex," John replied breathlessly as Sherlock licked his ear.
"Okay?" John whispers, face open with concern wrapped around a heady want that's rolling off of him in waves.
John's grumbles weren't meant as a true conversation starter but when his best friend of ten years didn't chide him for being an arse, John glanced over at him.
John blinked, trying to understand how the conversation had gotten to this point. All he could do was stare back. "Alright, well it's not that big of a deal you know."
"Hey, I'm in the same boat, mate," Greg sighs, tugging his mobile free from his pocket and shaking it back and forth in his hand. "This stupid thing has been silent all day. I'm getting the fucking
"I'm sorry," are the words that fall out of John's mouth just like Sherlock knew they would, except for the fact that they sound… different.
"So," John says, clapping his hands together and folding them on the table as the waiter leaves again, his blue eyes glinting. "Tell me more about this
Sherlock whispered, "Come for me, John," over his lips, and those words all but shoved him right over the edge, as John shook violently and then he was coming hard and thick and fast, writhing into slender fingers that were touching him so perfectly. He held on to Sherlock's hair, probably painfully, but he couldn't be concerned about that now as his hips bucked into Sherlock's hand, cock throbbing and spurting all over the inside of his jeans. His world was spinning faster and faster, turning a vague white for a long moment until finally the spinning turned slower and duller and colors reformed in his vision as John dropped his head to Sherlock's shoulder and gave one last shudder.
"It's fine, Sherlock," John says hurriedly, waving his hand. "Seriously, it's all fine. I was just wondering how you knew."
Sherlock moaned, nipping at John's thumb on his lip. He fisted himself quickly, body shaking with the movement, and then he was coming down his fingers and spilling onto the floor.
Sherlock had reveled in it. He'd seduced his fair share of virgins, both men and women, although it wasn't his first choice. Such an easy thing, convincing those interested yet hesitant with just a look or a sentence. It was ever satisfying and excellent for research purposes. It had become somewhat of a game.
"No it isn't," John pushes, making his way around to step in front of Sherlock, who refuses to look at him, staring out past his head. "Come on, out with it. What happened?"
And with that, he takes a deep breath, slides gracefully further down the bed, catches John's eye, refusing to look away, and slips his cupid's bowed lips over John's velvety cockhead.
Pacing back and forth furiously, Sherlock's hands were sweating together where they were clasped behind his back. He'd called Lestrade to inform him about the attack, adding it to the list. He'd drank a cup of coffee. He'd called Mycroft six times. Waiting had never been his forte and now sitting here waiting to hear if his... if John was going to be okay was torture.
"Oh fuck that!" Mike shouts back, swinging an arm around John's shoulders, jostling him from side to side. "Team Watson is gonna be unstoppable, boys! Get fucking ready!"
The aborted sentences all add up to the same thing; while Sherlock has been panicking about what John thinks they are, John has gone ahead and assumed. And assumed the best possible assumption in the history of assumptions.
"Sherlock, you don't even like it," John tries again. "And you hardly live here anymore. Why can't you just say that?"
And promptly dodges getting a fist to the face as Mike's knuckles come flying at him, obviously not realizing there is no longer a door for him to be banging on. "Jesus, watch it, Mike!"
John doesn't want to leave him, which is ridiculous since he'll be all of seven meters away but still he hates it and he hates the look on Sherlock's face.
A slow smile takes over Sherlock's face. He nods and leans in, planting a soft kiss on John's lips. "That's what I want." He snuggles back against John's chest.
"O-oh Sh-Sherlock," John moaned, palms planted flatly against Sherlock's chest, knees thrown over either side of the detective's hips and spread wide, rock hard cock pressed gloriously against Sherlock's latex covered length, dripping small white dollops of precome all over his naval. Tucking one hand underneath his own head against the pillow and clenching his other around his boyfriend's soft hip, Sherlock assisted John in dragging his hips forward and backward, rubbing their erections together perfectly, moaning as John gasped above him. Leaning up to watch, the brunette boy was mesmerized by the glistening head of John's cock stacked atop Sherlock's, the underside of each sliding along each other and creating a delicious friction that had Sherlock's body thrumming pleasantly while it was clearly driving the blond boy straight to the edge of orgasm. "Oh…m-my-
"So do you want to ask about my meddling, overbearing brother or my interaction with Sergeant Lestrade first?"
Brow arched in condescension, body stiff and ready for battle, Sherlock is wholly prepared as he squares his shoulders and whirls around.
"You better run," the boy suddenly murmurs and Sherlock's eyes shoot up to meet those baby blues. "The boys'll be along any minute."
Assessing eyes still flicking between the blond's, Mycroft says, "What are your intentions with Sherlock Holmes?"
"Jesus," John breathes as they roll up in front of a large home at the end of a block. "Is this your house?"
And when John finally turns that uniform-clad body toward the crowd, grinning at a teammate as he does so, fringe sticking up and out on all sides in total chaos, Sherlock is certain he's going to pass out right in the middle of all these people, his pulse elevating to new speeds as he takes in the new angle of his lovely dorm mate.
"Oh yeah yeah, no Sherlock is good. Fine. Good and fine," John splutters idiotically, face heating as his words tumble out choppily.
Chuckling to himself, John shoots off a text to the group and says, "Something I thought of this morning. Don't worry about it."
Sherlock isn't fooled by the change of subject, or at least he's simply choosing to ignore it as he tucks fingers beneath John's chin and tilts his face further upward. "What did the trainer say?" he asks, eyes locked on his love, hoping his gaze is as tender as he feels, wanting nothing more than to make John feel the warmth currently spreading out inside him.
"Well, secondary school wasn't exactly enjoyable for me," Sherlock replied cautiously, clutching his fingers around the chair arms.
Still laughing, Mike rears back and, for all intents and purposes, chucks the tiny ball over the table, lobbing it high and far, barely nicking the edge of the last row of cups, missing almost spectacularly. Paul catches it with one hand and holds it up over his head like a prize. "Pro, huh?" he grins, tossing the ball up and catching it again with a brow raise. "Do pro Beer Pong players actually suck?"
The jealous beast apparently living inside of John Watson reared its ugly head, raking a clawed foot through against the ground and growling viciously, noting its territory being entered and not appreciating it one bit. John Watson had had plenty of girlfriends and boyfriends equally. John had dated, had plenty of sex, had rather enjoyed spending time with most of the people he'd been with. He'd even go as far as to say he fancied himself in love once or twice when he was younger.
Grazing his skin, touching softly along his pelvis, carding through his pubic hair, fingers gingerly wrapped around the base of John's cock.
Sherlock's hips throw themselves forward into John's grip, hands falling to either side of the bed and twisting into the sheets, gasping for air as John strokes him.
Mike froze for only a moment and then burst out laughing. The boys settled back in to their comfortable friendship and flipped on the telly.
Pulling back just a bit and slowing deep, heated kisses to quiet exchanges of pressing lips, John trails his fingers along Sherlock's sternum, memorizing the plains of the genius boy's chest before following the line of his abdominals down to his naval, trickling a thumb through the sparse hairs beneath it and tracking it down to the waistband of Sherlock's pants.
Warmth spreads rapidly down the blond boy's spine as his clothed cock slides into place beside Sherlock's, rubbing up and down and causing tingly sparks of pleasure to dance along beneath his skin, crackling with fire as Sherlock pants breathily in his ear, participating fully in the grinding, grasping a handful of John's t-shirt and sliding another hand into his hair, holding him as close as possible, giving himself over to John's ministrations entirely.
"Oh John," Victor cackled. "I'd stick to running after a ball and tackling boys to get your kicks. Boyfriend material, you are absolutely not."
Sherlock is clutching John to him as their pace quickens, his entire frame feeling unnaturally full. Full of John. Christ, he could do this forever. He could love John like this
Victoria turned back to dry the glass in her hand. "The evidence against him is thin. They need more, but Mrs. Hudson believes the police aren't doing enough. If convicted, her husband could be sentenced to death."
"Sherlock?" He turned back to find a mischievous grin playing on Sherlock's lips and John narrowed his eyes.
Then they'd continued to kiss in John's car for another thirty minutes before John gently pulled away, saying he needed to get Sherlock home.
"Honey?" his mother ventures, returning his hug tentatively at first before wrapping him up tightly in her arms like he's still just a small tyke running amuck in her house. "Everything okay?"
"No," was the only word John could form because, Christ, it had taken them this long to get to this and dammit all if he wasn't going to see this through. "No, hold on."
Sherlock cries out with fierce intensity as he comes all over the wall, sobbing out John’s name over and over “John… John…JOHN!” and John ruts into Sherlock harder and faster, pouring himself into his lover with such vigor he can’t stop his hips from stuttering forward with the aftershocks of his orgasm, moaning into Sherlock’s shoulder like a dying man.
Okay, so I AM SO SORRY for posting and then deleting this chapter last night, but I promise it was for a good reason! The reason was: I hated it. I wasn't happy with it at all and tried to leave it alone but I couldn't do it so I deleted it and I'm SORRY! But I promise it's way better now! Thank you for your patience and enjoy!
He ran one hand behind John's neck, securing him against him, probing his mouth like his life depended on it and John clung to him, pressing himself harder and harder, desperately keeping up.
Heart leaping in his chest already, Sherlock was just about to shout out to John that they'd finally had a new case, when he heard the taps rust on and the sound of rushing water hitting the tub floor.
Annoyance subsides long enough for him to panic a bit as Irene takes longer to reply and he can't help sending one more message.
"Thanks, guys," John offers a small smile even as worry prickles along the back of his neck. He shakes it off, ignoring the tug in his belly that they're basically making plans to spy on Victor, though that's nothing compared to the burning anger of the beast inside of him at the thought of Victor Trevor laying an unwanted hand on his roommate. "You're right. We'll keep him safe."
The question burns a scalding path up the back of his throat and Sherlock scolds himself for even letting it cross his mind but
"Then let's go," Sherlock moans into his mouth, refusing to loosen his grip on John's fingers. "Take me home, John."
"Well it's true," Sherlock replied petulantly, aching in places he didn't even know he had to go to the man he still loved to this day and pull him to his chest, cradle his hurt face in his hands and kiss the pain away. "You just took off without so much as a 'See ya 'round' and I have to say, it clearly has paid off, John. I mean just look at you
"Take a break and spot me?" Greg slides into the space John was just occupying and John takes his place behind the bench.
John grinned in triumph as Sherlock fought down a small smile. "I would love to see you try," he replied.
John goes willingly as sweat breaks out along his brow and Sherlock tilts his hips in an effort to assist in the deep, thorough shag he's currently on the receiving end of and-
Sherlock smiled as John's sleeping body adjusted and fitted itself into Sherlock. Like they'd been doing this for their whole lives, when the truth was they hadn't spent a single night together.
Back in the safety of the four walls of 221B, Sherlock flings himself onto his couch, digging his phone out from his pocket, praying to all that is holy that John Watson be available to talk. He needs a distraction from the impending beating he's certainly scored himself today.
It's adorable and John takes pity on him immediately, chuckling softly as he leans down for soft kisses against pretty lips. "And not because I wanted to be in bed nearly naked with my sexy boyfriend?" he finishes for the bright red boy beneath him, only letting him suffer for a moment longer before John wraps an arm around his waist, pressing his own erection into Sherlock's hip and groaning helplessly. "That's
Swallowing so hard, he thought he may swallow his tongue altogether, John bolted from the office, biting back tears of frustration and hurt.
Sherlock glances at the offending chair, then back to John. Confused, he shifts in his seat. "Uh, no, I –"
But what the hell did he know about any of this? The things that came along with that gorgeous bloke was intense sexual experience and expectations and possibly demands and John's brain went in to overdrive with absolute panic all week long. He wanted him, he knew that, but what if he wasn't enough? What if teaching John wasn't something Sherlock was interested in? The man was not much for patience. What if he couldn't wait for John to catch up? What if their sex life was awful because of John and Sherlock lost interest immediately?
. So fucking important and this wasn't how this was supposed to go. He barely kept himself from shaking.
Stalking over like a lunatic, John tore through the groups of people, making his way until both Victor and Sherlock were in full view, both holding drinks, chatting animatedly to each other.
Sherlock carried John to his bed, John having no idea how Sherlock made it there without running them into walls, as neither of their mouths left the others'. One of Sherlock's hands slid from John's behind up his back and gently laid him down in the sheets, laying gentle kisses on John's cheeks and jawline.
Like he's pleading with Sherlock to explain why exactly he's wearing this because John can't seem to fathom it, beautiful blue eyes looking stranded and defenseless and darker than usual, like he has absolutely no idea what on earth he's supposed to do with Sherlock Holmes standing here in his rugby uniform.
No one knowing that John Watson has since kissed Sherlock Holmes so many times the genius boy has lost count, unable to figure out how exactly to keep track when John's kisses sometimes land on his cheek or his neck or,
Just on the verge of finding Greg for an additional search party, he caught sight of dark curls pushing through one of the back doors.
A blonde blur fell passed him and onto the floor, clearly having been leaning against the door before it was pulled out from under them. The body, very obviously belonging to a female, cackled and rolled over rather ungracefully, grinning wetly up at John. "Helloooo baby brother!"
"I believe you," John whispers, gentling his lips against Sherlock's tenderly. "God, Sherlock I was so scared this morning. I thought maybe during last night that we could… but then I wasn't sure how you felt and I left and…" He takes a deep breath, gathering himself before peering up at Sherlock from beneath his blond lashes. "You sent me a heart," he murmurs, looking still a bit shocked. "You sent me a heart on Valentine's Day."
Sighing inwardly, John grabs his items and heads toward the door, deciding to keep himself inside this happy little bubble he's been floating in since Greg told him Sherlock was at the game and decides one last offering wouldn't be the worst thing.
And then that beautiful idiot turns to grin at him and the curly-haired boy's stomach all but bottoms out entirely.
," Sherlock rails, earning a few disparaging glances from surrounding students, their steps stuttering away from the crazed boy on the phone. "You placed a
John nudges him and Sherlock glances up to find blue eyes giving him an amused eyebrow raise. "You're insane," he murmurs and Sherlock laughs.
"Hm," he replies noncommittally, feigning indifference. On any other day, he'd be happy to assist in moving his items into his new home. He would be happy to complain and annoy and snap and sulk like he does best because moving is tedious and Sherlock doesn't do tedious. He would be sure to let Mrs. Hudson know just how much he didn't do tedious. If he were helping.
It was Sherlock's turn to beam, suddenly feeling incredibly proud that this incredible person was in
John closed his eyes as Sherlock traveled lower still and John's world faded to white as heat and warmth wrapped around the tip of his cock. John was sure he was sobbing incoherent things but what they were specifically, he had no idea. Those sensual lips gave a few hard sucks, then popped off and a strong tongue lapped at the sensitive glands on the underside of his shaft. John dragged his heavy head up to watch, immediately catching Sherlock's eye as that gorgeous creature swirled his tongue around the head, then took him back in his mouth. John was babbling, he was sure of it, his eyes widening as he watched his shaft disappear into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock kept his gaze locked as he lowered himself further down then engulfed the entire length of John, his nose brushing John's lower stomach.
Grinning so ridiculously hard, Sherlock reaches out and grasps the gift, excitement thrumming in his veins, slightly embarrassed at how thrilled he is to receive anything from his flatmate at all. He doesn't hesitate, tearing the wrapping free from the box rapidly, anticipation making his fingers clumsy.
Sherlock's mouth is being pried open and John is taking everything, sucking his tongue and licking the backs of his teeth. Sherlock moans and grabs John's shoulders, hanging on and keeping him close as John plunders his mouth.
"Er - hello," John says formally as his brows draw together in confusion, the scrutiny feeling like the weight of a bolder as his thoughts are still wholly focused on the cell in his hand.
Of course that was their whole life, wasn't it? Hiding. Concealed away from prying eyes, from disapproving glares, from the law itself.
a virgin and would very much like to no longer be a virgin because there is a boy. A beautiful, perfect,
"Well," Sherlock began, trying to decide where to start with that one. He'd never actually sat down and thought about it. He just knew it was what he did. "I was a very curious child, I suppose. Always wanting... well
did that. He'd marked him thoroughly without meaning to, and may be sorry for it later but Sherlock certainly isn't. He trails his fingers along his collarbone, touching the delicate red marks and smiles softly.
he kiss him, basically throw himself at him, stop and dramatically kick him out of his flat and then
"Nice try," Victoria said without even raising her head from the egg pan. "You know where the plates are."
He slides a hand into Sherlock's curls and rolls his smaller body all along that expansive frame, touching chest and pecs, stomach and hips, lingering along the hardness between Sherlock's legs with his own and grinning as the boy's eyes flutter before thighs meet and then knees and then they're flush against each other again, John reveling in the squeeze at his hips and the gasping in his ear as Sherlock struggles for breath, pulling John tight to him.
Sherlock can't remember for the life of him what had gone through his head at the point of stripping his shirt off and redressing in this one, but he knows for certain that it had been the worst fucking idea of his entire existence, because now John is here, John is
Hiring Anderson was more of a power play than anything else. Sherlock knew his competition wanted him years ago so Sherlock went ahead and picked him up simply out of spite.
He thinks he should be numb to the hurt by now. Numb to the total agony of losing the only person he's ever loved.
John crept out of his room and darted into the empty loo, closing the door quietly and locking it. He flipped the levers of the shower on to scalding hot, climbed in and ducked his head under the water.
He takes them both down, Sherlock landing with a rather hard oomph and John gracelessly falling beside him, red flag still held tightly in his fist. He raises it in victory from the ground, attempting to catch his breath.
John threw his hands to the shower floor, shifting his weight forward as he dry-heaved loudly into the hot water. He took several deep breaths, knowing there was nothing else in his system to come up, and finally his body settled back down. He tossed a hand against the side of the tub to steady himself as he rose to his feet, clutching his cheek as he remembered everything.
"Come on," John wined. "I'm a fantastic shag and I can't stop thinking about you n-naked." He hiccupped on the last word and giggled. The word naked was silly. He liked it. "Naked," he said again and laughed, tossing his head back.
"Alright?" Victor pats his shoulder and Sherlock nods, the movement a bit sluggish as the rest of him seems to move slowly to catch up.
And just like that John's heart is bursting with so much fondness it's making it hard to breathe, watching this precious boy grumble around in his bed, tired eyes soft and sweet, chaotic ringlets all over the place and John just can't help himself, making his way over to the genius boy and gathering him up in his arms, sliding Sherlock on his knees to the edge of the bed where John is standing, pressing them chest to chest, and John buries his face in Sherlock's neck.
"Bill Wiggins," Sherlock replied, raising an eyebrow to silently ask if that name rang any bells, simultaneously requesting that John get out of his way.
," Victor scoffs with an ugly grin. "Do you really think you could get through it without something to relax that tight little arse of yours?" He shakes his head as though Sherlock is just a ridiculous little fool that he's taking care of. "I was just trying to help, Sherlock. I knew you'd
"I didn't know it was your favorite," John stares up at him with big, blue teasing eyes, lips twitching with the effort not to grin around his fake apology. "I promise, scouts honor, I won't touch your snow bear next year, he is all yours-"
Sherlock hadn't said a word. He'd simply nodded and continued on with their life, solving cases, running all over London, being happily married.
John turned to look at him, an amused smile playing on his lips. "I so wish you could see yourself saying that with the way you look right now. How about you sit down and eat?"
John's laptop sits perched on his desk, closed and angled at the perfect center of the table, power chord plugged in neatly. John's chair is still tucked into his desk, untouched since the last time Sherlock was in here. John's perfectly folded clothing lays across his comforter, every item stacked and separated into appropriate piles from laundry this morning, socks on one side, boxers beside them, undershirts to the right, jeans to the left, button-downs laid out flat, ready to be hung up in the closet.
