“Maybe but if you don’t change things you might lose him again John…”
replies Mycroft
“I pushed them away, John, I should try to apologise but at the same time I was only trying to protect Willow and I, so should I apologise for that?”
“What? No, he was fine… he seemed fine at the wedding…”
“Sherlock… you know I’d forgiven you… I told you that day on the underground… because I thought we would die… and that was before we even knew about her existence so why you needed hope that I’ll forgive you…”
“Come here at once to meet your niece!”
Come and say Hi on
ill him? I’m a bloody doctor for god
John smiles to himself too as he hears Sherlock going to the bathroom, surely to
And suddenly John remembers his first meeting with Mycroft in the abandoned warehouse, and how his attitude makes more sense to him now. Mycroft genuinely cares about his brother, even though he doesn’t really know how to proceed with him.
WSSH & JHW followed by this message in Latin
“Exactly, he didn’t want you there to die for him or with him, he wanted you safe in London. What he didn’t anticipate and honestly neither did I, was how affected you would be by his death.”
sake and for these past few years I probably save
“For the last time, I have nothing to thank you for, as all you did was watching me get beaten until I found my way out.”
“There are very few cases when the baby had been in real danger, even with my last patient whose baby came three weeks early, he had been healthy. So I would not worry about that, as for the complications they are quite different from patient to patient, but most of the times they require the patient to stay in bed for the last weeks or sometimes months of the pregnancy, but these complications also happen in female pregnancy.”
“Don’t say that.”
‘Funny? How could he find this funny?’
“Maybe you can come with your new boyfriend and we can make sure that he is worthy of you.” Sherlock says with a smile.
He hears some footsteps approaching his bedroom door, some footsteps similar to John… no it’s not possible… ‘Starting to
of all the family together, one year later while we were
“Myc? How are you my boy?”
“How would I know?” Sherlock says in a low voice.
you to know the whole truth… before you take your decision…’’
a cup of tea as you can imagine, I’m here to talk about more important matters, though we will have a cup of tea anyway.’’
‘’You make some quick deductions and ask me: Afg..’’
“What? Why?”
You may enter’’ answers Mycroft
Sherlock is still looking down at his folded legs.
just sometimes I had imagined… “
their breath, Sherlock says:
“John don’t be ridiculous, you can’t be stupid and genius at the same time.”
“He confessed his feelings for me, confessed that when he had came back he wanted to asking me to marry him but that he was force
him. For once, Sherlock was the one totally in control, and John didn’t have any problem with that, he moans in the kiss as he feels himself becoming hard in his pants.
“That it would take me that long...”
“Leaving? What are you talking about Sherlock?”
“Please don’t!” replies Mycroft a bit panicked
“Yes I’m talking about Sherlock, but how do you know?”
Come and say Hi on
But John isn’t here, and he isn’t sure that John cares about him anymore.
Doctor Watson, I’m aware of your little affair with your ex-commander, Major Sholto. It is ok you know, I believe we live in a time where finally you are able to love who you want. So now,
for you I swear!”
“Who in their right mind will let me take care of a child… Maybe I should have let Mycroft take her…”
doctor…’’
“So in fact…” Sherlock takes a pause a bit dumbfounded “I’m your best friend?”
“New boyfriend? I see we're not the only ones hiding secrets.” says John chuckling.
(See the end of the chapter for
cold. He knew about suicide thoughts after what happen
“Exactly.”
John opens the front door and is a bit blinded by the light outside.
“I agree.”
But Sherlock won’t take it. He gets up from his chair and
Sherlock what are you doing?’’
And John actually feels the tears come up to his eyes.
false ideas that he had succeed to
‘’You too, you impress me… John’’
John smiles too, he is surprised he didn’t have to face a shocked face or whatever mean comment. He is actually happy at the man
it so that he sounds as real as possible’’
“What? Really, you made a pact with my brother against me?” says Sherlock distancing himself from John.
Several weeks, and his jumper is still nowhere to be seen, it might seem a bit stupid, but he loves this jumper, it’s one of his favourites, though he will probably never admit to himself or  anyone else why… This jumper is the one he had worn that first day he spent with Sherlock, visiting what he will always consider his home despite not living there anymore, going on his first case with Sherlock, feeling the thrill of the chase the blood pumping through his veins while running after a cab, their first dinner at Angelo’s and saving Sherlock’s life… The day he had decided he would take the flat, and won’t spend any days without Sherlock by his side… The day he probably realises he had found what was missing in his life, and the day even if he still won’t admit it, he unfortunately falls in love with Sherlock… Unfortunately, because he knows that Sherlock won’t return his feelings, he doesn’t feel like this, he knows now that he feels things, but not things like this, not things like love, he doesn’t right? He knows he’s being stupid about this whole thing, this jumper, he is just over sentimental, but as Sherlock said he is a romantic, so if this jumper represents that much to him, represents when and how he fell in love with Sherlock he should bloody find it! Even if it means turning his whole flat upside down, because Sherlock is probably right, as he always is! It should be here!
“But that’s the thing you see because it did mean something, for him at least it did…”
“What is it then? What happened? Did you get hurt?”
thing that you should be aware
“And you will need it to keep you warm on the cold nights of winter to come…”
“Thank you Mrs H." Then after a few seconds of silence he says resigned: "I supposed I should go back to Mary’s.”
No I think I’m ok, thanks”
he wasn’t family, and when he had followed them to the hospital he wasn’t able to see him because he was in intensive care. Then Mycroft ‘kidnapped’ him to have his witness statement taken. Once he was done, Mycroft told him that he wouldn’t be able to see Sherlock, before he thought
I’m not quite sure about t
“Something only John needs to hear, and not you with your gigantic ears, now if you can leave us alone, I believe you might have other business to do, you know like starting wars and all that.”
“They died.”
“Sir, I think you’ll find this vintage exceptionally to your liking. It has all the quality of the old with some of the colour of the new.”
“After a while when you were away… and I thought you were dead… these thoughts came back… almost every day… I think that it’s thanks to Greg I… I tried to keep afloat… but I was becoming like my sister Sherlock! I was becoming a drinker… I was so broken… I drowned my sorrow in alcohol until I met Mary who try to convince me to go on… and I almost succeeded… until you came back… and… I was lost Sherlock because my feelings for you came rushing back into my mind making me realise how much of a fool I was to believe I could move on from you… and god knows I was piss poor off without you… I didn’t know what to do… but my love for you was stronger than my anger towards you… and I was so glad that you came back to me… that this time I had the chance to let you know how I feel… though that was difficult too… I had no choice but to forgive you Sherlock… especially after I knew that you did that to save my life a second time…” John stops and starts to cry a little.
John gazed into his own pint, the now somber mood invading his mind. A thought had been gnawing at his mind for ages, even before Sherlock had jumped, and he figured now was as good a time as any to get some answers.
he took a swig of whiskey. It burnt his throat and the second drink made his eyes water but he welcomed it, encouraged it even. And if him holding Sherlock’s shirt up to his face so the scent of his lemony body wash and his very own unique scent filled John’s nose made him look like some sort of grieving widower, he simply didn’t care.
And rings.
She wasn’t nearly as confident as she projected herself to be.
John wakes up and everything is grey. This feels all the worse because it makes him realize that things had been better lately, and now it’s all come crashing back down. He has a metallic taste coating the inside of his mouth and he realizes he had fallen asleep with the gun still clasped in his hand. It’s a wonder he hadn’t blown his brains out overnight.
“We should do this again soon.” John finds himself saying unexpectedly. And even more unexpectedly, he  means it wholeheartedly.
As he’s leaving the room it takes everything in him to fight the impulse to grab the gun and properly play out his fantasy.
“I haven’t been honest with you.”
“John?” Ella called out, seemingly concerned at his sudden pause.
anything. I’m informing. We were all worried Sherlock. What that bastard did to you...” Lestrade growled but wasn’t able to finish his thought before Sherlock interrupted, not particularly wanting to go there just yet.
The train stopped and he felt his body sway slightly with the force of it.
. The passion he had felt in his own dream had just about burnt him.
He walks home and feels numb. He feels like a robot that’s been too overwhelmed with data to the point it’s blown a fuse. Right now all of John’s fuses are flipped off and he doesn’t know if they’ll ever be fixed.
Just as John was getting to the climax, his balls tightening and hiss cock pressing hard against the back of Sherlock’s throat he would hear the
John had always been a tidy bloke. Even before the army had instilled a nearly OCD level of cleanliness, he had taken pride in his surroundings being tidy. When he and Sherlock had been flatmates John’s room had been the only truly clean part of the house.
Though unfortunately for him, his bedroom was right past Sherlock’s.
“Mycroft you need to get him out of here.” John insisted into the phone. “He’s already started threatening the nurses and he’s made two doctors burst out of the room in tears. I don’t think the hospital can take much more of him.” John may have been exaggerating a tad (though not by much) but it seemed to prove effective.
This could work.
John wakes up with the worst hangover to ever exist. His whole head feels tight and angry, his body, though having just spent a night on Sherlock’s posh bed with 300 thread count sheets is sore and stiff and he feels absolutely exhausted in spite of any sleep he may have gotten. For the first hour or so of consciousness John is far too consumed by physical agony to think much about what happened last night, though he can still feel it just barely at the back of his head, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. In the meantime, John slowly and cautiously ushers himself out of the bed and herds himself into the kitchen. His eyes scrunch up as the brighter light of the kitchen sends a fresh shot of pain to his already tight and sensitive eyes and he gropes blindly in the cupboard for his hangover pills. He slips them in a glass of water and sips it, slipping into the lounge and dropping in his soft red armchair. The worn fabric cuddles him up and molds to his body instantly, like it had been waiting all this time just for him to sit down again.
“Well, one day we’re working on a case, this guy got stabbed in his house. No sign of forced entry, no witnesses, the neighbors didn’t hear or see anything unusual. We thought it was the wife at first but she had a rock solid alibi. Well you know him, he figured it all out and rushed off somewhere to ‘confirm his theory’ as he put it. Gregson tells me to follow after him and he leads me back to the guys house. I had no idea what he was up too but wanted to be right beside him in case he pulled something. He knocks on the door and he asks the wife if he can speak to her daughter. I’m getting a bit suspicious now, I mean you know how nasty he could get, and he was even worse for putting his foot in his mouth back then and I was freaking out thinking about what he was going to say to his little girl. She was just a tiny thing, twelve or thirteen.”
Tearing himself away from the mirror he stepped under the stream of water and let the hot spray wash over him. It felt amazing. Like years worth of grime was running off of him and being washed down the drain.
“I’ll check in again tomorrow. Uh, bye.” He waved before exiting the room. As soon as the door shut John let out a long pained sigh and sat once again on the edge of Sherlock’s bed.
He sped up and damn near cried at the feeling. It was electric. Hot wet heat was filling him up, rising in his body
He’d get back to that later.
“So what changed?” John’s voice is calm. Monotone and lacking emotion. Mindy looks surprised by his reaction and takes a minute to reply. When she does she looks horribly embarrassed.
By the time he is fully ready and out the door he was already well on his way to inebriated and looking forward to his date. He stumbled a bit going down the stairs but caught himself on the landing. He went to giggle but he shook it off. He couldn’t act like this in front of Mindy. He had to get his act together.
It takes him half an hour to finally open his eyes and put the gun away.
“Great!” It came out louder than she had meant it to and her face lit up a bright pink. “Sorry…” she apologized, still looking extremely bashful. Normally John would have found that cute, endearing even, yet now he just felt tired and he wanted to go home and curl up in his bed with his Browning tucked tight against his chest. “But that sounds great. Is it all right if we exchange numbers? Or I can just give you mine if you’d like.” She was definitely accommodating. She also seemed thoughtful and sweet.
“You’re implying that Anderson and Donovan are
John felt a fierce tug of fondness on his heart as he realized how much Mrs. Hudson had really been looking out for him. The poor woman was sure to be going through her own grief and yet she still made time to help him when he couldn’t even realize she was doing it – much less thank her for it. He really should go visit her later. He had been so reluctant to lately, knowing that he couldn’t handle her chatterbox way of speaking or her sweet well-meaning questions on his well-being but he suddenly felt as if it were the least he could do.
“What could you possibly have to apologize for?” John understands how she’s feeling but he doesn’t get
girl in front of him to tell him what’s making her look so broken.
that? John had stuck with him through a lot, even Greg had faithfully stuck with him through all of his overdoses and stints in rehab when they had met but Sherlock knew better than anyone that everyone had a breaking point. He had spent his whole life testing people’s breaking points, be it his parents, nanny’s, teachers or short-lived friendships Sherlock had always pushed everyone he knew to their breaking point. It was positively ridiculous of him to think that he wouldn’t bring John and Lestrade to their breaking points as well. It was practically inevitable.
His hands are shaking as he holds his phone, the dial pad pulled up and Sarah’s number already typed in and waiting. His eyes flicker upwards, latching on to the cabinet he knows is hiding a bottle of Jack Daniels in it’s depths and decides there’s no shame in using some liquid courage to make the first step. He’s using it positively, he tells himself. Just something to calm his nerves while he takes the steps to get his life back on track.
“Why though? Why didn’t you just let me take that round? I could have handled it Sherlock. I could have taken some of the weight off.” He looked so upset and Sherlock hated it. Lestrade should never look like that and especially not because of something
“Alright. See you then. And if I text, you’d better respond unless you want a pile of coppers barging into your flat!” John chuckled, though he knew it came out hollow. He was still staring at the come stained white button down, unable to look away from it in a strange mix of sick arousal and hot shame, and he was suddenly anxious to get off the phone.
“Keep saying what?”
“How exactly is that?! Because from where I’m sitting Sherlock, it looks pretty darn alike.” His earlier stoicism was gone now, replaced by snapping anger.
And rings…
John had personally never had an opinion. Before he hadn’t had a particularly large preference over the tube or cabs but he usually opted for the tube since it was far cheaper. Now he took the tube for a completely different reason.
That would have been… unhygienic.
“What is it?”
“Sherlock
John nodded, though he knew no one could see him, and hmmed in agreement. The clinic was notorious for being understaffed. Sarah seemed to have awful luck with finding employees and the turn over rate was startling. “
shady.” John insists. He remembered thinking the same thing after he first met Sherlock. Between knowing everything about him and his older brother kidnapping him off the street he was looking mighty suspicious. The drugs bust, murder case, and history with drugs didn’t help put him in a more flattering light either. Yet John hadn’t been deterred by any of it.
“Hear that? Don’t push yourself to hard. In other words no chasing criminals around, no fist fights, and no forgetting to eat.” Sherlock made a face at Johns mini lecture but otherwise kept his mouth shut.
Moriarty let out a clearly exaggerated moan as Sherlocks tongue brushed over the sensitive slit “Ah! I knew those lips would look fantastic wrapped around a cock.” Moriarty was correct in his implication that this wasn’t Sherlocks first blowjob. He had given several, mostly in Uni, and he had been told on multiple occasions that his technique was rather good. He was thankful for that now. If he tried his hardest he may be able to finish this in under ten minutes. Without any further delay he leaned forward and put as much of the shaft into his mouth as he could. He would periodically apply a strong suction and then follow it up with a swirl of his tongue following the veins and patterns on the tight skin. Jim moaned again though this time it wasn’t exaggerated. Sherlock tried to ignore the sound of his voice; it made everything so much worse. He tried to imagine that it was someone else he currently had in his mouth, maybe a nameless man he picked up in a bar or one of his flings from Uni, but guiltily his mind instead supplied an image of a short sturdy blond man wearing a disgusting wool jumper and nothing else, moaning as Sherlock took him deeper and deeper. His face actually heated up at the thought and he was suddenly extremely thankful his whole body was in such excruciating pain. The only thing worse than having to give you worst enemy a blowjob would be to get hard yourself while doing it, even if you were imagining someone else. The image of John in front of him instead of this awful man made him work even harder moving his tongue everywhere it could reach and bobbing up and down with just the barest graze of teeth, no more than a tickle. He paused slightly as a hand came to rest on his head and begin playing lightly with his curls. He wished Moriarty wouldn’t be so gentle, he wished that he would yank his hair and just fuck his face. It would be over so much quicker and would be so much less humiliating. The gentle and delicate, almost caring, touches made it even easier to imagine it was the kind army doctor in front of him as well, and Sherlock really couldn’t decide if that was a good thing or not.
Like most difficult things in his life he decides to ignore the change in atmosphere in the room and divert the subject.
“Um. Yeah, alright. Sure. What time?”
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, together in Baker Street just as they always should be.
The desperate greedy way in which he
“Don’t say that you’re fine!” It was the first time that John had raised his voice since Sherlock had woken up in hospital. Sherlock hated when John got angry but he considered himself lucky that he hadn’t lost his temper much earlier, considering.
John’s libido had seemingly dried up right along the time Sherlock had decided to go diving off Barts’ roof.
“Tick-tock, Sherlock dear.”
“I’m not scared, alright!” He wasn’t. He was a bloody
“Hello.” John says, that annoyingly happy, beautiful smirk still on his face.
He hated himself for it.
thinking about that) and stripped. Once he was fully in the buff he took a moment to examine himself in the mirror. What he saw was expected, yet disappointing. He looked washed out. His skin was pale and clammy, his hair was verging on uncomfortably greasy, not at all helped by the sweat filled nightmare he’d had the previous night and it was hanging limp on his forehead. His body didn’t look bad, but it looked frailer than he could remember seeing himself in a long time.
Brown. Brown was everywhere in this room. The couch, the chairs, the desk in the corner, even the walls were painted a pale beige. Sherlock would do a full psychoanalysis based on the colour choice. He’d dissect Ella’s whole personality just from her choice of office colour; he’d suddenly know her whole childhood and all her traumas in life from the colour. John however, couldn’t do any of that, so instead he just stared at the awful bleak brown colour and did everything he could not to look at his therapist.
It’s that thought that pushes him to lift up the fork and take a bite.  It tastes great, just as can be expected of Mrs. Hudson. The potatoes are smooth and creamy and the meat is tender and savoury and the vegetables taste sweet.
done and though he can understand how that feels he has no idea what Mindy could have done to invoke that feeling in herself. She’s been nothing but kind since the beginning. John’s the fuck up.
The heat rises. Sweat prickles his skin and Sherlock’s breath is hitting his lips, the heat from the mans mouth making his lips chap. But John doesn’t care. He doesn't care if it burns him, he wants more and more and moremoremoremore…
Sherlock is everywhere. John can smell him all over. It’s warm and comforting and John wanted this
“John! ‘Bout fucking time mate!” Lestrade’s angry voice screamed at him from the phones speaker.
.” She takes a deep breath, collects herself and continues.
“Sherlock, listen, I cannot even imagine what that must have been like to do. I, God, I don’t think I could’ve done that. What you did. You were incredibly selfless, and yes,
“Not the brightest, are you?” Moriarty glanced at Lestrade with an amused tilt to his smile. “If it were already enough all four of you would be untied and on your way home to do whatever it is you ordinary little people do,” he drawled out ‘ordinary’ as if it were a gross taste on his tongue, “However, I have been extremely excited to feel that pretty mouth wrap around my prick since I first saw it. No way I’m passing this precious little opportunity up.”
He almost laughs at the irony.
“Option one, as you know, is to take that little razor blade and use it to scratch your eyes out, which I admit isn’t entirely appealing. Option two is to hand the blade over to the big fella next to you and he’ll take Dr. Watsons eyes instead and option three,” he pointed down to the patch of ground in front of him. “Get on your knees, crawl over here, and show daddy some love,” his smile after he was finished speaking was nothing short of lecherous and Sherlock felt equal parts disgust and rage fill him. Rage at Moriarty for managing to humiliate him so completely and disgust at both Moriarty for deciding on an option so foul and himself for playing right into the consulting criminals hands.
What time was it even?
Panic?
It felt silly but he still held some resentment for the DI after everything that had happened a month ago. It was silly because John understood it really wasn’t Greg’s call in the end. He had been ordered to arrest Sherlock by his higher ups and it’s not like he could refuse that, but he still found it hard to fully forgive the detective. It still felt like a betrayal.
John lowers the phone from his ear and sighs. He feels like shit. What is he even doing? Here is a lovely, young girl chasing after him and he’s ignoring her calls.
A lump formed in John’s throat and he clenched his teeth before turning around and heading back to his room.
“Not after what? Not after having seen me broken, seen me crying… That’s what I am now John, I am not the strong man you have known before; I’ve not been the same man since I jumped from that bloody roof! And I know that’s the reason why you left me, and once again I ask you to leave because I’m not strong enough to take your rejection anymore, I’m not strong enough to see you marry another woman who’s going to take you away from me, as it’s always supposed to be… I was a fool to believe…”
“No, look, seriously, could you just...” ‘Oh god!’ he gulps… The hallucination is back and it feels even more real than any he ever had, this is bad, this is really bad.
Hope you like the story
‘’What happens if one day I loose this?’’
“Sherlock? Dear god, you’re back! I was so worried!” she says hugging him.
Anytime Mr Holmes, is there anything I can do for you’’
Am I?’’ asks Sherlock getting up.
off. Takes his costume jacket and shirt off too and puts on John
“Sherlock, listen to me, if that thought is what kept you alive, it’s not ridiculous at all! Do you hear me! And I’m sorry too...”
(See the end of the chapter for
’’ said Mycroft
“Yes, a real date! You wanted to t
him some decent place to live. Thanks to Lestrade and the cases, my brother was able to overcome his addiction, but he was still lonely and heartbroken if you don’t mind the romanticism of this term. He even started to
“Yes John, it’s just… I… it doesn’t
And Molly relaxes a bit sitting on a stool of the lab, Sherlock sits in the stool opposite taking a big breath.
so long to me to come in terms with this but now I can actually say it without being afraid…”
They arrive at Angelo’s.
again Sherlock, seriously?’ he hears himself saying in his head ‘it’s only been a few hours… I can’t trust my mind.’
“Do I?” she laughs “I think that it does not simply like you, dear, I think that he is in love with you, has been since the beginning if you ask me, that’s why it was so hard for him to accept you marrying someone else, especially after you two had sex.”
“Hi Mrs Hudson!”
“What did you expect then?”
“John, I pushed this forgiveness… I never thought you would say it… but saying you forgive me just before you’re supposed to die… well it doesn’t really… it doesn’t sound so real you know… I thought you didn’t mean it… and I still think you haven’t entirely forgiven me… I know that there is this part of you… that probably hates me… and will always do so…”
Sherlock made a face.
the sheet of paper, he unfolds it and starts to read:
I wanted to inform you that I have moved the epilogue chapters of this story to
Hope you liked the story! Leave a kudo or comment to let me know :)
you have
“Sorry…”
“Sherlock you said it yourself, you missed the work these last few months despite having the cold cases. You’ll get bored out of your mind.”
makes him feel like this is so natural. He follows the seller to another part of the jewellery
Oh I think we have time to see that tonight Mr Holmes’’
him to the door of the flat, grabbing his hands and putting them above his head, he then proceed
too attached to his dog, as I wouldn’t want him to suffer some more when he w
me for his death. The thing is, he didn’t understand why I
“Oh I adore it…sweetheart…”
“Well to be honest, I did some research…” Sherlock voice breaks up a bit not quite sure if he wants to continue his sentence or not…
in a while, and secondly yes actually I have a very important meeting!”
“Thank you, I would be glad to meet her for sure. I’m so happy for you. You really deserve it after all you’ve been through.”
the most important person in my life, the only one keeping me alive and trusting me when no one could… So when… when I was back there I made myself a promise that when I’ll come back to you I’ll tell you how much you mean to me… I will actually confess my feelings for you… I was so worked up at the idea of seeing you again, I had imagined so many scenarios in my head of what could actually happen, and then I
“I… I realised that... for me you’re more than my best friend...”
Sherlock immediately snuggles up to him. After some minutes spend in silence, Sherlock says:
“This last one on the list is a favourite of mine! You might, in fact, say it’s like a face from the past.”
him over Sherrinford. That’s not quite true, but I knew that Sherrinford was stronger than Sherlock, always ha
“No John! Don’t touch me! Don’t… if you want to leave then just leave… don’t make things more complicated please…”
nly this time he knows that Sherlock is not acting, this is real…
“I… Yes. Baker St would still feel a bit like home to me. Even when he wasn’t there anymore, I didn’t want to be anywhere else…”
You have fun on
“So?” John
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, I love you. Would you like to marry me?”
“WSSH & JHW, Amor Omnia
“Are we talking about this detective of yours?”
how quick he had
“How? He doesn’t want to talk to me anymore! What should I do?”
“And what have you said?”
me why did he never make a move…’’
“Yeah you ask if we would be needing two bedrooms.” he chuckles.
who is standing next to him.
“I don’t know Harry; I don’t think I’m ready…”
to be a better man… I wanted to be more like you… To be better for you…’’
That will take us to his fake suicide. My brother and I made an agreement before he meet up with Moriarty, he knew that this game would have to come to an end eventually and the sooner, the better. As we plan
“That boring kiss? You want me to show you what a real kiss is to me John?” And with that he takes John off the sofa, push
“Nothing, just… I missed you!”
“How would you know that it was not my fault? You don’t even know who I
At this instant, someone knocks on the door.
another mistake Harry…”
John thinks he is about to faint when he hears that but Mycroft
“Well if he didn’t abandon me for two years, pretended that he was dead, things might have taken another turn, but now it is what it is!”
“What?”
“You’re sure?”
“Again I’m not sure you want to hear this now...”
Caption:
“Right, so what are your conditions then?”
back there that my feelings for you w
“Hello mother.”
“Asleep or awake it’s still true John, I do love you, more than anything, more than my own life…but I think you already know that… I’m sorry by the way…”
that everything will be alright, trying to erase this sadness in his eyes and off his face.
“No, he’s fine John. I just think that he had to take some time away from London and the work.”
“I do, I know that it is inconvenient as you’re not gay, but I needed to say it… I was somehow hoping to come back to you and tell you that, and maybe by some kind of miracle actually having my love be welcomed… I didn’t really think you will return the feelings, but that you will at least accept that I love you. I imagined many ways of how I would possibly tell you, and to be honest, the hardest the thing I was about to face, the hardest I wanted to believe, that the feelings would be reciprocated… I’m sorry...”
even the very existence of our meeting
ould know that he fake
' Asks his hallucination and almost at the same time she answers:
“More than fine. We’re together actually...”
Mycroft locks the door behind her and proceed
him once again, so what happened that you don’t trust me anymore?
“I think so, I even told her about your stag night.”
No, I won’t follow you
Sherlock was now lying down in his hospital bed, with John sitting in a plastic chair next to him.
“Sorry I shouldn’t have worded that way.”
“Molly?” Sherlock asks pushing the door to the lab.
John said when they arrived in front of the door
“There’s no need for me to meet her, I doubt that Sherlock would approve of my presence.”
“No go on, I have some
return it to the city council. When would you like to get married?”
several minutes. He is on his knees in the middle of the corridor, crying. He is only thinking: that’s it, John ha
God, now it’s like the waiter is talking with Sherlock's voice but with the French accent. The hallucinations are coming back...
John really doesn’t know how to start this conversation but he knows that they need to have it, he can’t let Sherlock drown in his insecurities, especially about them.
“What if we stop then?”
“Yes I’m here… I’m here Sherlock…” John says hugging him closer
, a seller welcomes him:
Sherlock opens his eyes wide when he notices what John has in hand, especially the piece about wedding information.
yourself a boyfriend then? What is he like? Do I know him?”
back today with a
“More than fine. We’re together actually...”
“I would say more like four times at least! Come on stop pouting and come to bed!”
“None taken. I know that you could never have loved me like I used to love you, especially after John came along. I’m glad that we’re friends though.”
my brother. I’m sorry I was so suspicious about you by the way but I didn’t want another Victor Trevor around my brother as you can understand.’’
“I understand.” Molly’s voice brings him back to the present.
“Yeah, I would like to buy a ring, an engagement ring, please.”
Sherlock had indeed done some research since the day he deduced Mary was pregnant, preparing himself as if he was going to be a parent, but he quickly realised, he will never have the chance to practise really. To be honest, he is a bit disappointed that John hasn’t asked him to take care of Emily while he’s at work, but then he didn’t blame him… how anyone can trust him to take care of a baby while he can’t even take care of himself. But today, he had seen his chance to prove himself, he had quickly deduced this morning that Mrs Hudson was running out of quite a few things in her kitchen and so she would have to do some shopping, she could have waited ‘til John gets back from work sure, but Sherlock has spent the day literally trying to convince her that this hour of the day was the best to do her shopping and that he happily takes care of Emily without problems. He doesn’t really know how but at some points he succeeded.
“You’re not an idiot, John!…” but John gives him a surprised look and he corrects “Well, you’re not a simple average idiot that is...you’re my idiot...”
“I didn’t even call yet...” says the man with the phone “how is that possible?”
Oh and by the way, I forgot to mentions on Chapter 3, I don't know if any of you are doing fanart, but I'd like to illustrate this fic, I don't know maybe doing a drawing or a photo manipulation for the photos Mycroft is showing to John. If any of you is interested in providing some illustrations, please contact me at artsherlocked@gmail.com or through my Tumblr artsherlocked. Of course I'll mention you and redirect to your blog or a website if you have any.
It’s been a few weeks now since Willow is born and even though John and Sherlock have been busy trying to fit an infant into their new routines as a couple, John can tell that Sherlock is started to go mad staying inside of their flat.
Thanks to my beta reader SilentRaven97.
real Sherlock?”
“Evidence proves otherwise, Doctor Watson.” he says taking a look at his brother.
“I’m not entirely sure yet for the future, but for now I just want to be here with you.”
“In what? Your so-called mind palace?”
You say you need another demonstration so here it is!’’
I need to feel him, feel the last reminder of him,
What had he said this time? Mrs Hudson has informed him; he was talking and yelling while he had his nightmares, often calling for John… And even once saying that he loves him, and Mrs Hudson had told him that she had already known and he should tell John but he had refused, telling her that he had made his position quite clear, he wasn’t gay and even if he was, he probably won’t choose Sherlock…
What Mycroft?’’ says John with actual tears in his eyes, he think
that he is his ideal man. He goes to the other page and sees his birth certificate; he already kn
“Sort of…”
he told you that? Did he
the comfortable silence.
“Now would you like a cup of tea?”
“Sorry...” '
find another Mary, though he hopes not another assassin, he makes a note to asks Mycroft to keep an eye on his frequentations so he stays safe.
“Is it really that easy?”
, when I could breathe and see again, Sherrinford was nowhere to be found and Sherlock was unconscious in my arms. At this moment I had to take the biggest decision of my life, go back to the beach with only Sherlock or try to save Sherrinford w
(See the end of the chapter for
Excellent choice, they’re on their way, and for you Sherlock nothing as usual, you don’t want to taste one of my
‘’And please stop calling me Doctor Watson, call me John, Angelo…’’
“There! All we need
“Why are you sorry, Sherlock?” John says tears in his eyes.
“Of course John! Of course! How could I not?” and Sherlock wraps his arms around John and hugs him as close as he can…
“John” Sherlock says almost like a whisper and John froze. Is Sherlock awake or is he talking in his sleep? Is he aware of his presence or dreaming of him? John asks himself thousands of questions, and stars to panic.
I once again want to say a big thank you to my beta reader SilentRaven97
“Marry him, you idiot! I promise to come this time and even help you organise it!”
He didn’t realise how much you care about him and neither did I. He really thought that at the end you
“Is that the reason you faint
“Unlike you feel here, right?”
“Sherlock I move out approximately 6 months after your death, I couldn’t bear to live in Baker Street without you, I was seeing you everywhere, everything was reminding me of you, I couldn’t even make a cup of tea without crying, for god sake… And when I called Harry in the middle of the night, to say goodbye to her because… I wanted… I wanted to… die… She told me that I had to move out, so she packed me a suitcase and help me find a flat in a completely different area of London… I think Mycroft helped financially because I don’t know how I was able to pay the rent, but Harry told me she and Clara, were taking care of everything, and that I just needed to get back on my feet for now...”
How is John?’’
and I’m not supposed to tell you what he said, sorry…”
“For god sake stop bickering about it, John has nothing to do with it Mycroft.” says Sherlock in his rolling chair pushed by a nurse.
“Molly? Molly knew? And some homeless freaks were allowed to know but not me?”
He is falling and pushing the man to the floor, trying to strangle him. He feels people trying to pull him off of Sherlock. But now that he is on top of the man, that he had his hands on him, the reality of it all falls on him and he finally can identify what was the other thing he was feeling, it was relief. He can feel his anger slowly dissipating, as his fists are loosening their grips on Sherlock shirt and neck because now he doesn’t want to hurt him anymore, he just wants to touch him and feel him here with him for real. And suddenly he is crying into Sherlock’s chest.
“Remember when you first came here to visit the flat?”
“Willow? That’s a girl then?”
few days before he return
Classified Documents
Naughty? Am I naughty?’’ asks Sherlock quirking an eyebrow.
Yes no one except those who were essential to the plan. Sherlock wanted to let you know but I convinced him that you
You did it
“You are. The thing is that before John and I were together we did have a thing...”
back from Afghanistan, as he gave me a reason to live…’’ John spits
quite a thing for soldiers’’ answers Sherlock, blushing a bit.
Sherlock made a face.
'No! This is not the moment to think of Sherlock, concentrate John, drink something.' He takes a sip from his glass: 'What is that?' He almost shouts to himself. '
John starts to cry again.
retreating in
“Oh, Sherlock I’m so happy for you! You’ve been pining for him for so long I could tell.”
and John is by his side in a flash to catch him.
“Ye…yes!” Sherlock breathes out.
would directly or indirectly concern you and your relationship with him. When I’
lips, he says:
it with a smile.
him to the floor on his back… John thinks he may actually vomit seeing the picture of Sherlock in these conditions and imagining the pain he had endured and the pain he himself had inflicted
to be
‘’John, what is it?’’ asks Sherlock, concerns feeling his voice.
“Is that the only thing you forgot to mention Sherlock?” asks John suspicious.
Sherlock I think… I think you need to stop now…’’
“So you do want to marry her then?”
octor.’’
very far and we both decided to forget it and never talk about it… I probably had some feelings for him but that is nothing compared to the feelings I
John falls to the floor, grasping the sheet of Sherlock’s bed but he cannot bring himself to touch him.
“I mean maybe it doesn’t matter, whatever the schools won’t teach her, we would and she’ll be a genius anyway…”
“Go on!” she tells him almost like an order, and dear god how this woman is impatient.
to your speech, I will finally be able to see your brother? How is he?’’
‘’Exactly! I want you to close your eyes and remember this day, I’m sure you have it all in your mind palace so just describe me that day, I’ll help you with describing my vision of things ok? So you were working on…’’
“Fine.”
“I should hope so! I’m sorry that might come as a shock to you,-” he says turning to Molly “-it surely was at first for us but we are good now, more than good actually! Right love?” He says putting one arm around Sherlock
Today is the day, John had decided. Today is the day, he will ask Mary Morstan to marry him. He had thought a hell of a lot about where he was to take her to ask her. A restaurant seems the most fitting place, well at least it is one of the basic ways to ask, not taking a lot of risks then. It’s perfect, he had thought. But the question of 'where?' had been troubling him for some time until, almost out of nowhere, he thought about The Landmark.
may, I will proceed.
‘’You offer me yours’’
“10 months ago? That would have been just before...”
“Sorry sweetheart! I didn’t mean to wake you up… I’m sorry… shh shh it’s okay!” He says quietly to her while rubbing her back and that’s all it takes to make her quiet again.
Is it too spaced ? Would you prefer if if it was more like a block ? Or it doesn't matter at all ?
“How d
not half an hour ago, mmh? You surely need to eat. Two pasta
It is the text of The Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013, followed by a page of information on what papers are necessary to get married, and a form to complete and return at a city council to make a reservation to get married. The form was already complete with John and Sherlock’s name
You know what, this sassy comment instead of thanking Angelo, you did it all the time before… well… you know…’’ says John clearing his throat.
somehow. The following documents are some of his medical records and some of Sherlock
I think I
“Well not exactly because after that he went in a sort of suicide mission to dismantle Moriarty’s network all around the world in order to remove any threat to you. And I, myself do not know how he survived that, we tried to send him agents to work with him and help him and they all ended up dead.”
the perfect wedding only to make you happy and in hope of gaining your forgiveness… I can tell you that my brother truly care
“Bye John”
“Sorry to bother you again with this but actually you haven’t
“I didn’t flirt with the woman, it was simply a game, she was the one flirting with me and I never answer
you that despite what you seem to think I was not enjoying some sort of holiday but fighting for my life, more importantly for yours! I bet he didn’t tell you all this sort of things or otherwise you are a big liar to tell me you still love me…”
It’s been a few weeks now since Willow is born and even though John and Sherlock have been busy trying to fit an infant into their new routines as a couple, John can tell that Sherlock is started to go mad staying inside of their flat.
“I promise Sherlock, that whatever happens, I’ll always be there for you! Even if you push me away, trying to keep me safe!”
John laughed quietly and kisses Sherlock again but more softly…
the look of shock
“It is familiar but with the quality of surprise!”
John arrives at Baker Street before Sherlock.
to say about this, then why have you call
you that definitely didn’t happen…’’
What?’’
time they thought they w
never love me because you were not gay…”
“Oh my god!”
back from the hospital and he didn’t want to go out on the street to find some. So he just l
someone else, it would break me John…” Sherlock starts to cry.
“I never said that Sherlock! If Willow grows up to become a small version of you, I would be very proud I assure you! I’ll just wish that the world would be kinder to her that it had been to you… I don’t want you to doubt that, I don’t want you to doubt us! We’re a family Sherlock, you don’t need to be scared of me leaving, ok?”
My brother… well… fell in love with him and trust
Apologies for the long wait! I've been a bit busy these last few weeks and when I was sitting down to write I was feeling a bit uninspired or didn't quite know where to start.
“Yes, he knows. He came with me actually, just went upstairs to see Mike.”
“Yes, a walk around the park at the end of the road or around the blocks. It’s not really what I mean, I mean that you should go out, go see your friends who have missed you.”
It’s a very gentle kiss that can replace a thousand words… John kisses Sherlock as passionately as he has never kissed anyone else before he supposes… And after a while Sherlock returns the kiss moaning quietly, hugging John closer…
“Yes that’s me, you can open your eyes now Sherlock, I’m here...”
“That’s how you're thanking me for getting you out?”
with him. He introduce
“I knew from the moment I met you” interrupts John.
is glass,
“Can I help you with anything sir?” suddenly says a waiter with a French accent.
“What?”
What is not helping at the moment with the moving on thing, is that he just remembered why he chose the Landmark. He and Sherlock had talked about this restaurant before, Sherlock had told him that he had been once and had really appreciated it and considering the man and his relationship to food, it must really be worth it, John had thought. He had also promised himself that day to bring Sherlock to dinner there, maybe after a case, or maybe on a quiet day.
until one day, Detective Inspector Lestrade h
“I think I did not correctly anticipate my return, I did not anticipate that our reunion would go like that.”
‘’You have three choices Doctor Watson:
My relationship with him?’’
“Well, it seems that your fathers have been busy sweetie, we should probably leave them alone…” Mrs Hudson says standing in the doorway with Emily in her arms.
“Well hello John, you’re quite an early bird today!” says Mrs Hudson as she was taking her breakfast.
“And you didn’t tell me anything!”
- These chapters might be a bit out of order though probably not at the beginning - I might use some ellipsis and try to capture some moments in time if that makes sense
He took him everywhere, he still didn’t really talk to us and not at all to me but he was constantly chatting and playing with Redbeard. That dog help him cope with the mourning of Sherrinford, and in a way he replaced him a bit. I warned him not to
‘’How can I impress you?… Oh I see… it’s another sarcastic comment of yours isn’t it?’’
', goes Sherlock voice in his head. “And I know we haven’t known each other for a long time.” '
“Oh Sherlock, I’ve always love
this battle to John, who
hospital
“You really think he believed that? He just said that to have a chance to have you, he knew it was probably his only chance!”
“You what?”
… I have an important meeting with him.”
John slowly climbs up the stairs while trying to think about where he should check first and when did he see his jumper for the last time…
seems good to me’’
Mycroft glares at him.
“Later.”
sake, if it wasn’t for me, he would probably be dead, killed by Mary on this bloody roof… if… if I didn’t arrive on time… oh god…What if that’s what happened, what if Sherlock had died upon arriving in the hospital and that’s why Mycroft didn’t want him to see him… oh god… oh god… that’s enough, I can’t stand this anymore, I’m going to the hospital and I will see Sherlock alive or… or dead…’’
“You weren’t supposed to know any of this John! I didn’t want you to know any of this! What
“Wait are you telling me that not only you and John are an item now but you also have a child together?”
“You wanted to marry me?”
to explain to anyone not in the know of who
At this Sherlock smiles and blushes a bit.
And as he takes another look at the initials, he realises they are not the only ones, there are others below them: EHW, first it seems to be the initials of Emily but why the H, she doesn’t have a middle name, Mary didn’t want it… He is a bit confused… Or maybe…no it couldn’t! Sherlock didn’t do that! The H couldn’t stand for Hol…
“No, I haven’t, we are currently lying down in the middle of a posh restaurant..”
“Stop? Stop what?”
“I… It was just sex… I mean we agree it didn’t mean anything.”
be better off without him, and to be honest I thought that too. I thought that you
“I’m afraid he is still asleep though, didn’t have a good night…” She answers sadly.
two cups of tea on the table John is sitting
in a book of psychology
“Yes London, we are together now, you’re safe...” John enjoys this little moment of stillness from Sherlock to approach him slowly and caress his arms in a soothing motion.
Hope you like the story
about us with Mycroft?”
seen my brother, and it only strengthened my first theory that I made when you left after having seen the papers…”
“John, he left your wedding early! Your best friend! And you should have seen the sad look on his face the following days…”
221B.
“Yes Sherlock! I mean if you want it of course…”
But if we exclude the crime scene
Sherlock had confessed his feelings for him. He finally told him all that he ever wanted to hear for years and more, so why he isn’t able to make a move, to tell him that the feelings are mutual. Why can’t he do that?
Yes’’ says John glaring at him.
you more than any
Doctor Watson, it is supposed to represent the ideal human proportions, or to be more simple the ideal man, my brother paste
“Anyway we just continued as if nothing happened, after all, John was getting married it wasn’t the time for a big reveal. But a few weeks after I learnt that I had a sort of condition… nothing bad, nothing deadly, just something that gives me some special capacities. It’s called masgravida and as I’m sure that you have some basis of Latin due to your medical background, you can guess what sort of capacities that give me.”
up in hospital few days ago… John… He endured captivity, torture and even I don’t know how much to make sure you would be safe, he sacrificed himself for you without
Dr Watson, the death of your wife is not really an important matter to me as it has already been taking care of. Indeed, the woman you know as Mary Morstan and who you called your wife has never existed, therefore you
as a friend is supposed to
That was of course until he
“Goodbye”
Pronto Doctor Watson…’’
“10 months ago? That would have been just before...”
“Where are you going?”
“This is not the issue, it’s in the past John. What I’m trying to tell you is that you have the right to be happy and Mary as well, I think she is nice enough to deserve someone who truly loves her, and pardon me but I don’t think you do...”
The seller smiles to him and says:
“JOOOOOHN! PLEEEEAAASE!” Sherlock grasps his sheet even tighter if that’s possible
“Yes, a lot better... I don’t know how much you know about John and Mary?”
who were only 5 by then
“John?”
“I missed you too John!” says Sherlock looking up at him. “And I think I’m ready now...”
“No you’re not John, I was just finishing catching up with Molly with what happened these last few months. She now knows about Willow. One done, one to go.”
And John realises that Mycroft had actually called him John twice for the first time, not Doctor or Doctor Watson but John and judging by the look on his face, Mycroft is about to say something very personal about his brother.
I take it you do not recognise these surroundings but we are in one of the office
Sherlock seems to not fully understand what John means, he frowns.
“You what? Why?”
sorry!’’ John gets up and bang
Mrs Hudson takes pity on him: “Come in here for a bit, I think we need to have a chat.”
risking the life of Sherlock and probably mine as I felt the water
As some of you had requested Willow to meet the other characters of the show I will probably start with these meetings first then write a few of my ideas
Sherlock makes a sad face
“It’s just… It’s not that… I didn’t mean to…”
“I know, it’s just how do I explain why I’ve been away?”
and there, he sees one
take you away and that he
and I have apparently
You’re not Sherlock but I know how much you mean to him so it’s the same, from now on, anything you like on the menu is free for Sherlock and for you, you can’t argue with that, I insist. Now is there something that’ll suit you on the menu?’’
“You still have the chance John…”
“What do we do then?”
here when he had come to take care of him last year after Mary shot him. He takes his favourite and decides to go back downstairs. He take
This is the last photo we h
him. And this one bunch of papers retained his attention more than any
“Haven’t really seen them since the wedding, though I think I saw John a few months ago, he was asking about you. Does he know you’re back in London?”
me?! It was not your fault! I want you to stop
“Well of course? Who else John?”… But then he bites his bottom lip “You didn’t like it? Is that it?”
, how could he not be important to me? And how could I be better off without him as he save
finally know what it means.’’
“Something else? Like what?”
“I’m not joking about it, I am simply observing that once again I was right.”
ahead of me.”
“I… Not really, I try to tell myself that we just had to adjust to married life, that it might take some time but… truth is since Sherlock came back, since we got to solve cases together again, I knew that I can’t really be satisfied with the nice little life in the suburbs with Mary… It’s not her fault, but I miss the adrenaline that comes with living with Sherlock… but I made a choice, I made a vow to her now… I can’t...”
“You could be happy too, you know, if only you told him or do I have to intervene like for your brother?”
“Does it mean it is a bit not good?”
“What stitches, what happened to him in Serbia?”
slept here in a while. Deceived, Sherlock decides to go to his wardrobe, he knows that John had left some of his jumper in
“It doesn’t matter, they didn’t do the stitches properly the first time anyway, this gave them a second chance to do them better, but I have the feeling you were talking about something else...”
“What? You mean that all those years you knew he was alive?”
his death with my own eyes and wasn’t even able to stop it, to stop him. I had his suicide on my conscience for two years, I
“And for how long you have been in love with him John? Honestly?”
for you, pretending you don’t know them or… you can decide to love my brother as he definitely deserves after all he has been through… So Doctor Watson, what is your decision?’’
“Well, I won’t contradict you young man!”
“But that’s the thing, I’m not doing anything, I’m reading and taking walks around my parents’ house, nothing that requires too much energy, and I still feel as tired as if I ran around London all day long!”
a ‘normal’ kid with his superior intelligence and his power
“Yes that’s what I’m telling you, I thought it was rather clear.”
… and all sort of stupidities. He
So after I have listen
a metal table and a big white screen. He hasn’t even
“No let me finish, I’m sorry that all you had left there, was hope when it should have been certitude that you will come back to me sitting in my chair in Baker Street. Welcoming you with a cup of tea just the way you like it, with some ginger nuts because I know how you love them, and… knowing that you will be loved by me… Because I fucking love you too Sherlock!”
“You should go out, have some fresh air.”
“I am but don’t try to change the subject! I can see that you’re hiding something else, am I right?”
network, I think that’s the only thing that
‘’Where are you taking me now?’’ asks Sherlock seemingly annoyed
“John...”
I’m sorry John… I didn’t… when I was away… I realised many things… and… among others I realised that I was always being a jerk and if I wanted you to at least like me… I should just
“That’s what you will never understand Mycroft, John may not have been there physically with me, but he was always with me in here.” he says showing his head.
“I thought you would be glad that I came back…. I was wrong….”
“No stop it Mycroft! I will never let you say that! John is the reason why I am still alive today and I didn’t die during what you like to call this ‘suicide mission’, he is what kept me going on as you were wondering why I did not die. And for the faking my death part, there is no one else to blame than Moriarty and you know that!”
‘God, why is she so impatient? I need time, for god sake, I can’t just say it like that, I need to make a little speech before, yeah a speech is good.’
. He had written a letter to Sherlock about all he can possibly
They smile at each other.
up in John’s chair.
“Sherlock how did you manage to make this small human being?” says Mycroft in awe.
Sherlock approaches his bedroom and with disbelief says:
“My theory was that you had indeed been taking a walk in the city as you had suggested, as I have observed some grass from Regent Park’s, I presume, on the sole of your shoes, this little walk made you
Sherlock?”
“What about the woman?”
“I’m alright John.” says Sherlock slowly going pale and losing consciousness in John's arms.
“Maybe don’t try to explain, just say it and if I need explanations, I’ll ask questions later, you’re usually good when it comes to answering questions from an idiot like me.”
, when he starts, Sherlock starts to nibble at his lower lip to beg for entrance, and John let
my brother never had a friend before… But anyway I’m not quite finish
“Ok… But please do not hate me after I am finished...”
“Promise you’ll tell him before your father and I say our goodbye to this world.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry to interrupt I was just wondering how you were doing?” says John “I'm interrupting something aren’t I?” seeing the look of shock on Molly’s face.
“Whatever you say, I missed you playing your violin anyway and I prefer this kind of experiment to the one where you destroy half of the kitchen!”
then for god sake go on!’’
while he was in Serbia…’’
me what a real kiss was, now let me show you what a real date is like, ok?”
us…” John was becoming more and more paranoid thinking back of these nightmares.
“I’m sure, just promise me something...”
“You do know that we weren’t on a date…”
Sherlock
“Yes, but with you two boys I need more reassurance.”
is a very stupid genius.”
Enjoy your reading and let me know what you think ;)
a new low, he started to have panic attacks and was associating Redbeard
“And what have you done there for these last few months then?”
“At 2 conditions.”
“Sherlock? Dear god, you’re back! I was so worried!” she says hugging him.
Well clearly you don’t know me, what
‘’There sit down here Sherlock’’
“Sherlock...”
means. He feels his mouth hang open.
Sherlock not important to me? On what planet exactly are you living? Sherlock is my best friend, and the best and wisest man I have ever
me for good this time, I have
“There’s always something!” Sherlock says with a knowing smile, remembering their first case when he had deduced that John had a brother instead of a sister. And John smiles too.
“Great. I’ll have that one please.” says John not even caring what he has just ordered. He thinks his mind is playing a trick on him again as it feels like the image of this waiter is blurring with some ofSherlock’straits, like his curls… ‘God I need to think about something else.’ he thinks, draining his glass of wine. A face from the past eh sounds familiar...
“I wanted to ask him… I felt his scars when… But it wasn’t the moment, and then I didn’t have the chance…”
“I… Yes please… Sweetheart!”
It’s complicated Doctor Watson. And maybe if you stop interrupting me I could have a chance to explain.’’
“I think you’re right Harry!”
“John? It’s been awhile, how are you doing?”
his fist on the table.
“I wasn’t pining for him!” says Sherlock a bit affronted.
And at this next revelation John’s blood run
…” Sherlock feels his lips tremble “Love conquers all?” he asks John.
“No!” John says quite loud… but that doesn’t really seem to wake up Emily who still sleeps quietly in the crib… Sherlock turns his head towards John surprised…
“You’re saying that I should ask for a divorce?”
his vulnerability, and use
“I...”
about to drop by to say your goodbyes because that was probably the deal with my brother.”
“No John! I need to know what Mycroft ha
Sherlock h
choose to leave me than
hoarse from crying:
“No, I won’t call her now to apologise, and no I will not ask her to marry me again...”
of wine on the table.
, I c
in blood…
“Do you know what happened? When he was away?”
What?’’ says Sherlock looking at his meal, pretending to not have his full attention on what John was saying.
his usual medical journals while waiting if Sherlock is more inclined to come out of his bedroom today.
“I’m not biased you are above the average idiot, that’s a fact, even Mycroft would agree!”
“So you are blaming me for what happened?”
“I did try to warn him that maybe it will be possible that he won’t be welcome, and that you won’t be glad that he came back.”
“No don’t say anything, you were right, you probably need to sleep, let me push you to your bedroom and help you to bed.”
that I could love someone that much and especially a man, Harry…”
sincere sense of emotion than John ha
You don’t have to thank me Mycroft, I was only
when he had asked him to be his best man at his wedding. He knows that it is a perfectly normal reaction when it comes to Sherlock, his mad man, so he just wait
in this case I'll arrange a new life
“Yes we have, put on your best suit I’m taking you on a date!”
“Sherlock don’t, we need to talk…”
“Tell me honestly, is he planning to come back?”
“What friends?”
“Don’t be stupid! No, from Serbia in fact.”
there, waiting to die
They say between kisses.
“Sherlock...”
respond
“Choose me over her?”
Sherlock holds out his hands in front of John not looking at him.
“Oh!…” says Sherlock a bit
John looks at his hands then takes a deep breath and blurts out
to marry me yesterday, which by the way is you, if you
you that to try to cheer me up, my father brought me the most intelligent dog I have ever seen but because of me he was
John is crying and tries to stretch out his hand to wake Sherlock because he can’t take it anymore; he can’t see him suffer like this without doing something…
I'm so sorry for the long break that I had to take but me and my beta reader were very busy with UNI.
- 1st you can decide to terminate your relationship with my brother
he was friend
“New boyfriend? I see we're not the only ones hiding secrets.” says John chuckling.
couldn’t come back on the beach on their own, that’s when I intervened. I swam to them and took Sherlock in my arms but when I reached for Sherrinford, a big wave
to conduct an enquiry in some drug den where Sherlock was. To be short, Sherlock solves his case and his reputation. I, then, negotiate with him that he takes Sherlock on some of his cases to help him out of the drugs. He even
“I did. That’s why I went away, I was panicking and I didn’t want anyone to know in case you let John know, I was terrified, I didn’t know how he would react. So I try to continue as usual for as long as I can until my belly started to show. I told Mrs Hudson and my brother and with his help, I disappeared to the countryside.”
CASE FILE
Here is chapter 4, I'm glad that you all seems to like this story.
“I used to… Been a while since I used them, maybe I need to experiment again to see if the data have changed?”
(See the end of the chapter for
I didn’t say that Doctor Watson!’’ answers Mycroft looking offended by how John had put this
They spend some minutes in silence until John breaks it.
“You’re sure? We have time you know, don’t want to pressure you...”
something…” John says getting up and going to the trash. He takes back the folder that Sherlock had thrown earlier, goes to the last page and grabbing a pen, signs it.
doesn’t really
John gets up from the bench and goes to the closest jewellery
Victor, that’s what he told me after he came back to me after your wedding. I had deduced that he was in love with you a long time ago but he didn’t actually admit it until that night. He came to my door crying, and having an emotional meltdown, I
“Sherlock, calm down, you’re safe now, you’re in London with me, you’re safe I promise...” John says tears threatening to spill.
“You didn’t tell her?”
up during these two years, trying to forget them, had rushed through him all at the same time as he had laid eyes on Sherlock again.
“I came to present my sincere apologies! And as mummy suggested to introduce myself to your child since she is my niece…”
The right moment? What’s that even supposed to mean? And who does Mycroft think he is to forbid me to see his brother? … For God
“What things? What did I do to deserve that treatment he is giving me exactly?”
forget him. In the morning, when I
“So, is everything alright with my child doctor?” Sherlock asks nervously after a few minutes, the doctor rubbing the transducer on his belly and examining the image on the screen.
“So?”
“Do you remember our conversation before you forced me to sleep?”
No you won’t, I owe so much to Sherlock, and I can’t let you pay for your first proper date apparently.’’ he winks at Sherlock.
“I wasn’t thinking.”
Why not?…’’
“Where have you been?” Molly helps.
“It’s not that John, I promise he is alright and safe, he just needs time on his own…”
“Well, what did you want to ask me then?”
him alive while he was out there… you know the first thing he asked upon arriving here?’’
John looks at him confused.
“Nothing… I just ran away…”
“That’s why you took your distance and didn’t talk to me for 2 years.”
John actually chuckles at the way Sherlock always has to put things in a dramatic way. “Yeah...”
to his room.
“Sherlock, it’s not like th
Sadness suddenly overshadows Sherlock’s eyes.
‘’Sherlock, 6 years ago in this very room, we lay eyes upon each other for the first time, this is where our story had started, we have had some ups and downs, a lot of crime scenes and difficult cases, some rows, a fake suicide, an emotional death…’’ John says sniffing, a tear falling from his eyes ‘’…a rather violent reunion, a catastrophic wedding, a big lie… Sherlock we are ready to kill for each other and we proved it, we are ready to die for each other and we proved it, now I want to know if you ready to live for me and if you can prove it by spending the rest of your life by my side, because I know I can… Please let me wake up next to you for the rest of my life, wake up to your smile. Listen to your violin when I’m having some trouble to sleep. Kiss you good morning and good night. Make you some tea when we have a quiet day at home and some coffee to help you solve your next case… Let me enjoy our silent moment when we reading, face to each other in our chair in front of a delicious fire… Let me hear you comment whatever crap there is on the telly… Let me have a walk hand in hand with you in Regent Park on quiet day and let me run hand in hand with you after some criminals across London… Let me grow old with you, let me be there for you like you’ve been here for me before… Please Sherlock… let me be your husband…’’ says John more and more enthusiastic and finally getting on one knee in front of Sherlock with the ring he had previously discarded.
“I am but don’t try to change the subject! I can see that you’re hiding something else, am I right?”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock… For what I did… Especially now that I know what happened to you...”
“Why Hope though?” John asks
“And I’m certainly glad you weren’t. I wouldn’t have wanted you to see me like that, only Mycroft can enjoy it.”
“I don’t know, but what I know is that it changed him! And that it must be terrible things if he doesn’t want to talk about it!”
“No you’re right, I did love her at one point but I don’t think I do anymore…”
“Yeah, I’ll try to...” John chuckles “Listen,… when you say you were stupid, that hope altered you faculty of prevision and that you didn’t imagine your return to be like that, what did you mean?”
extreme as bringing the excuse of a date… you know’’ says Sherlock looking at the table with a mocking look.
“After I came back… when you had taken care of my wound…When I would wake up because of my nightmares or PTSD… I would climb up the stairs… and I watched you sleep, I was telling myself it was worth it… that everything would be alright…”
that you can’t live with me anymore knowing my little secret, so you decided to go and see Mycroft or maybe knowing my brother you had been picked up by him. You then make an arrangement with him so you can have a new life I don’t know where,
“Exile...” Sherlock chuckles “You always were the romantic, trying to make me seem like I’m some sort of poet going into exile or I don’t know...”
He is w
my other choices then…’’
“I’m glad, you deserve it, you deserve to be happy.”
' A voice in his head told him.
? What happened?”
“Of course! Of course, you’re my best friend Sherlock! Now, do you want to tell me or not?”
“Thank you Molly.” replies John.
And with that John looks up to Mycroft in disbelief.
“Sherlock calms down, what are you talking about?” asks John placing a reassuring hand on Sherlock's arm.
“Don’t take her away Mycroft!” says Sherlock suddenly panicking “Don’t let him John!”
up, he was gone. I only heard from him again when you had taken him out of the drug den, I thought my nightmare was starting again. I don’t believe it was for a case John, or not entirely if you know what I mean…’’
“Am I?”
This fic is a lot of firsts for me - first smut, first mpreg so I'm really glad that you guys seem on board with it :) Hope I will not let you down with the rest of the story ^^
“John…” Sherlock looks up at John, his eyes red and voice hoarse from crying.
“Well, I’m gonna check your blood pressure to make sure that everything is fine, but I’m pretty sure this is nothing to be worried about. And today we’re gonna do a second ultrasound to check if everything is alright with the little one too, ok?”
“I don’t know Harry; I think I never love
“No you weren’t, now what did you want to tell me?”
on his bed wide awake, he hasn’t eaten
Yes…’’ Mycroft was about to continue his sentence but it seems that John had decided otherwise.
“I engraved it; I hope you don’t mind…”
There you go your pasta
“You told me that girlfriends were not really you area but after that you we
has indeed been reported as collateral damage during a special mission, you don’t need to know more as it is none of your business anymore.’’
“No John…”
“No Mary don’t shoot” and a tear rolls down John cheek, but he is paralysed he can’t move.
“Oh I don’t think so…”
“I knew I won’t be welcome here… I apologise for the inconvenience and wish you all the best! To you three!” says Mycroft smiling softly to the child in John’s arm “She really is… beautiful.” he goes to leave the room feeling tears of regrets in his eyes
He decides to call the only person who probably knows him best after Sherlock, his sister.
And then he hears Emily cry in her crib. It’s been two months since Mary had been taken away by Mycroft’s men, who made sure that she wasn’t a threat to anyone anymore. To be honest, he doesn’t really know what happened to her, and he really doesn’t want to know. He stopped caring about her the moment she put a bullet in Sherlock’s chest, at that moment she went too far, and if she hasn’t been pregnant and his wife, he probably would have killed her himself when he heard about it. It’s been two months since he became a single dad, two months shared between his work at the clinic, Baker St and his daughter.
“What is it then? What happened? Did you get hurt?”
“First of all I’m a doctor Sherlock, so I know you
“Well I barely knew him, and I never really feel something like this for a man…”
to the face of the man.
“Yes, you don’t like this nickname?”
“First I expected to find you at Baker Street, I didn’t think you would have moved out… I thought you liked this place... I know stupid...”
John looks up to Sherlock eyes and let it all go, everything he wants to say coming easily to his mind as he looks at the man he love:
and proclaims himself a sociopath. He shut down all his emotions, pretending he didn’t care anymore about anything so that he won’t be hurt again. After a while,
When they
out how to stop his panic attacks.
Don’t you dare
“Sorry to interrupt I was just wondering how you were doing?” says John “I'm interrupting something aren’t I?” seeing the look of shock on Molly’s face.
“As you said she is your niece and I thought that you might after some time bring yourself to care for her… and her wellbeing…”
to London,
“Well I have to explain when and how Willow was conceived no? Don’t worry, I didn’t give too many details.”
you were gay?”
almost out of breath
“Wait, before you do anything you might regret. One question, let me just ask one question. Are you really gonna keep that?” asks Sherlock showing his moustache and laughing.
A couple of minutes after John is ready to get out of the jewellery
“Sherlock please… look at me”
What are you thinking?’’
“Absolutely! Now if you want me to come along let me know, we can bring Willow downstairs to Mrs H, she'd be delighted, I don’t think we should take her to meet them just yet… We need to let them digest these new proceedings first I think...”
If you had requests or prompts you can contact me either through my tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com
I… I don’t know Angelo, I feel like…it’s not right… I have to pay, I’m not Sherlock…’’
I don’t want to see him suffer anymore especially because of that…’’
“Yeah… in your own time, John.”
by a wasp that I had mistaken for a bee during my observations, and he died because he was allergic to them. I’m sure that he told you that when Lestrade had rescued me from the drug den I was practically out of my mind
” John asks with a gentle voice.
Emily is sleeping in Sherlock’s old crib, and both John and Sherlock are looking at her, standing in front of the crib hand in hand…
“2? It's usually 1 condition, you know.”
“Nothing, just what do you want to do?”
“No!… You’re right, I’m glad you came back, I’m relieved to be honest, even if I was angry at you at first but not for coming back...”
the feelings… I know that you are not gay John, you have stated so many times… It
we can qualify as date
imply a dead body, I’m sorry Sherlock these are the rules.’’
“No.” ‘Yes I saw you, you bastard.’
John goes very slowly, allowing Sherlock to refuse at any time. But Sherlock did not move and closes his eyes as soon as their lips touch.
seem to be finished.
lack of sleep (probably not), lack of food (too long), dehydration (more probable), boredom (quite possibly), lack of John (for sure).
“Oh yes.”
“No, she is what I thought I want, what society made me want, the simple life in the suburbs with a wife and kids, but now that I see you, I know that’s not what I want.”
I will then write a few more chapters to this story exploring the dynamic between Sherlock and John and how they navigate parenthood - a few warnings to come, though nothing dangerous rest assured:
John opens the door to Sherlock’s bedroom more quietly than he wanted to. He is met with a Sherlock dressed in nothing but John’s jumper. His bed sheets are on the floor and he is curled up on his bed, and he seems so small like this, no one can imagine that Sherlock Holmes the tall detective can look that small. And John forgets his angriness towards Sherlock. He just wants to look at Sherlock asleep looking like an angel. He isn’t even angry he stole his jumper because he wears it so much better.
Angelo comes back with the menus and the candle.
that Sherlock’s addiction is all his fault.
“And meeting you… yeah, meeting you has been the best thing that possibly could’ve happened” '
to him with the idea it seams to get their relationship to a new level. And what actually happens? He discovers first that John hadn’t waited for him as he was about to ask another person to marry him, and then that as John had welcomed him, he probably wasn’t even happy that Sherlock had come back, that he was alive.
The last time he saw him he was taken in an ambulance
And as always I'd like to thank my beta reader SilentRaven97 for correcting my mistakes
My Tumblr: http://artsherlocked.tumblr.com/
“But I’m not staying inside we’re taking a walk every day with Willow.”
no?’’
“Yes sure, go on… hi sweetie, come here.”
me realise how much I love you…” says John trying to get Sherlock back next to his chest.
afraid he just nod
“Holmes!” John answers laughing but Sherlock has quite a different look on his face, something like offence or heartache.
“What? Why?”
to be more tolerant now, well at least some people, there’
God John feels like a dick for his reaction, but how was he supposed to react exactly? He arrives looking as beautiful and confident as ever, and broke all John
way under his door, and then the bathroom door opening and then closing again, and the footsteps moving away.
you bloody drag me here?’’
I’m coming to this Doctor, but first I have to make sure that you are ready to hear what I have to say. You have to listen to me through all of it and make a vow that nothing that will be said today between us
to get his mind around this.
“A thing?”
“But why? These are the things he likes the most!”
“I thought… I thought you went back to chasing Moriarty’s network, I was so worried that something might happen to you.”
“Sure, but you have nothing to worry about, he’s fine I promise.”
John that he’s doing the right thing.
confirm
He will never tell you because he doesn’t want to
“Why? Is it because of me...”
“John was worried and started to try to contact me while I was trying to get away from him unless he learnt about the baby. I stay with my parents for a while and then gave birth at a clinic nearby. My mother took the matter in her own hands and called John to let him know that he was a dad. John immediately came to see me at the clinic and we talked and get our shit sorted as you may say...”
Sherlock thinks to himself, ‘me not loving John, this is impossible!’
last bit may not be easier
'italic font' = Sherlock's voice that John is hallucinating
“I agree, I am the best thing that could have happened to you.” ‘Well, that sounds like something Sherlock would say’ he chuckles to himself.
John is starting to check Sherlock for injury.
“Nothing bad though I did get a new scar here.” he says showing his belly.
“I agree.”
“Oh lucky boy then!”
“Who would you like to tell first?”
about anyone, even that stupid Victor Trevor. But John…’’
Sherlock opens his eyes and tears falls down from them. John can’t bear this sight and takes him in his arms, trying to calm him and reassuring him.
‘’Seriously John? You’re taking me to Barts, you do know that even though it will sound bizarre to you I am in no mood to run some experiments, or take a look at some dead bodies right now…’’
“Thank you, I would be glad to meet her for sure. I’m so happy for you. You really deserve it after all you’ve been through.”
But then Sherlock takes in his surroundings, realising he’s almost naked, only wearing John’s jumper, fuck, his jumper he was searching everywhere, and John is here, John has seen him like this… John has seen him broken and judging by his state probably because of his nightmares and PTSD. He’s not sure what it has been this time, torture in Serbia? John marrying Mary and leaving him alone? Or the worst one, John dying? John dying because of him, because he let Mary shoot him…
“Sherlock it’s true that I like working at the clinic, feeling helpful, but my job is not as important to me as the work is for you. I’ll be fine reducing it and I rather spend my time with you than at the clinic I assure you.”
But here it is, and to make up for the long wait, I post two chapters in a row. I think it'll probably be the end of this story, I may write a sequel but I'm not sure for now as i've got some ideas for a possible sort of fix-it fic for series 4, we'll see which one I'll write first...
So you do love him,
“Good luck with your proposal, Mr. Watson, I’m sure your boyfriend will be a very happy man!” says the seller as he opens the door.
“I don’t know, John, I think you and Mary need to talk about it, see where you both stand, how does she feels, but if you two come to the conclusion that you are not happy in this wedding than I think it’s worth thinking about it.”
“What colour do you reckon for the nursery? I was thinking a light yellow, we could maybe even do a bee theme?” says John rocking Willow in his arms, in a chair next to Sherlock hospital bed.
A few minutes later, he is in his car pulling up in front of Baker St to leave Emily to Mrs Hudson while he goes to work. She’s the only person that he really trusts, well apart from Sherlock, but he doesn’t really know how to ask Sherlock to keep an eye on Emily, and he isn’t quite sure he knows how to take care of a child… forgetting to feed her as he forgets to feed himself, so Mrs Hudson it is.
Sherlock on the bed.
“Please, Sherlock… I would like to know...”
or that others people would judge us?”
‘’But don’t worry as soon as we’re finished here, you can take me back home and we’ll see who is the naughtiest of us, my madman’’
“You speak French now?”
“Where are we going?”
“Sherlock, can I ask you something?”
“Another thing I didn’t anticipate...”
Sherlock has a nightmare, some confessions ensue
an important meeting?” answers Sherlock, smiling back at him.
turning his head as if to say ‘You’re sure?’
“Now what did you want to tell me, what was so important to you?”
my twin brother
“Oh please John
“Why not?”
“What?”
John confronts Sherlock about the initials on the crib
“Yes darling, daddy is coming just one minute… Oh for god sake! It’s already half past eight! I’m gonna be so late if I don’t find this bloody jumper!” he repeats once again.
, loving me apparently… I don’t understand… why?… What changed your mind?”
I believe you know the meaning of what the Vitruvian man
“How can he be the reason that kept you alive when he wasn’t even there with you?” Mycroft raises his eyebrows as if to prove a point.
“You once t
He has kept hallucinating Sherlock, it’s like he just can’t let him go, so after that, he has stopped seeing Ella, in fact he stopped seeing any therapist, he has just resigned himself to live with this imaginary Sherlock as it’s the best he can have. And he had told himself that maybe one day the hallucinations will stop on their own. He had thought that they would go away once he found someone who could almost make him forget Sherlock and move on. He thought he had found this person in Mary, but the fact that the hallucinations kept going on, didn’t sit really well with him. It’s been a couple of days, maybe two weeks at the very best that he hasn’t hallucinated Sherlock, well at least that he hasn’t actually seen him, the voice kept coming from time to time, but as he saw it, he was making progress with moving on from Sherlock, he decided he had to keep going and make progress with Mary, so that’s why he had decided to ask for her hand in marriage.
“Like a gaze from a cloud of strangers, suddenly one is aware one is staring into the face of an old friend.” ‘God what is he saying now, why is he sounding more and more like Sherlock, and why is he taking off his glasses now…’
“You have been lying down for not even 2 minutes Sherlock!”
“Oh my god...”
n his wife’s face when he pulled the trigger came
Thank you to my beta reader SilentRaven97
My Tumblr: http://artsherlocked.tumblr.com/
“And Sherlock jumped from the roof to protect us...”
“Because I used that thought, that ridiculous thought to keep myself alive… Even though I know that it’ll never be real… But that’s all that I had left… Hope...hope that someone like you can love someone like me a bit...”
slide and
out of th
Sherlock feels himself blush at what John just said. For him, who always
“Yes I think he would definitely like this one. Can I make an inscription in it?”
Yeah ok I am, I’ve been for a very long time, probably from the day I met him or the next when I save
“You said it in your sleep, but I prefer when you said it awake… seems more real…”
“I’m serious Sherlock, we can’t put ourselves in danger like this anymore, we have someone who needs us! Both of us!”
he thinks he could actually faint. He never knew that
‘’I know, Sherlock, stop being so annoying now and let me show you my surprise’’
“I know, and I also know that on your side it wasn’t la vie en rose either.”
“Sussex. I went back to live with my parents for a bit. I needed a change of air.”
“Because I’m not sure you want to hear it, and I’m definitely not sure of your reaction and I’m a bit in a vulnerable position right now...”
“You offered yourself to him and then took everything back away, how would you feel in his position?”
John can feel his eyes welling up, he shuts back the ring box and puts it in the middle of the table as if to say ‘no thanks’. The fact that he is thinking of Sherlock and imagining how he would smile if he would ask him to marry him is very wrong when he is supposed to think of his future wife. He’s trying the breathing technique that Ella taught him to refocus, but he can feel it isn’t really working.
“You shouldn’t apologise for wanting to protect yourself and our child especially when we know the circumstances in which you were in but you should not push them away now for fear of what might happen. These people are our friends Sherlock, they only want to see us happy and know that you’re alright ok? They will understand the distance that you put between them and you once you will have explained.”
, I heard that it is possible to write a hidden message only visible with a magnifying glass, could you do that as well ?”
John even if this date is bloody fantastic, and I’m sure it will be, it still doesn’t convince me that it’s our first date. Every moment we have spent outside Baker Street together, ha
by a certain William Scott on November 1st which John quickly recall
you like he
“Has something happened to him? Why he isn’t answering me?” says John sitting down at the kitchen table.
you and make sure he will never find you.’’
“Yes, I mean, I never saw you look so handsome like this, why are you wearing a suit?
“I agree, brother mine! And it will be my honour to put all the resources that I can get to guarantee her protection.”
written '
is Sherrinford, Sherlock’s twin brother.’’
“I love you too! John…”
“Isn’t it your house too?”
“Not if you don’t want me to.” says Sherlock getting up and distancing himself a bit.
But Sherlock only shakes his head, he knows that the decision that
“Yeah, well I have to check something with Sherlock, before going to work…”
He opens it while going back to his bedroom. He smiles to himself when he sees a picture of John as a cute baby.
his eyes…
As you want sir, I mean… John.’’ And with this Angelo retreats to the kitchen.
of Mycroft Holmes
That’s not what we can actually call eating Sherlock…’’
Redbeard or after we
I have sent the three next chapters to be beta, so once I've received them back, I'll post them ;)
“Let me try again then, who else knew?”
“Couple yes! Mary and John divorced a few months ago. John got in contact with me again and went to visit me at my parents’ place a few weeks ago and then it’s just sort of happened...”
“Please forgive me John, forget it… “
- Nothing has been written in advance so updates will depend on how much I am able to write depending on my schedule
his. He spent the night crying like after he had
John unsurely takes a step closer.
“I am safe, Sherlock, as are you now, I’m here, just breathe, I’m here.” he says slowly approaching Sherlock.
Oh John I can assure you that what he felt for the woman was purely admiration for her intelligence and her power but that is not love, and when it comes to Janine, nothing happen
n purpose, didn’t you?’’
Sherlock
“I wasn’t pining for him!” says Sherlock a bit affronted.
him after he knows all of these things about him…
‘’You ask Mike for his phone, as now I know you, you were probably being too lazy to get yours from your coat.’’
I wanted to thank you all for your support on this fic! Each kudo and comment I have received, have really warmed my heart and kept me going, encouraging me to continue to update this fic ❤❤❤
Sherlock is frozen like a statue not even blinking and reminds John of another time…
“You know what? That wasn’t a really good idea, I’m not even sleepy...” says Sherlock.
‘’What?’’
“Don’t worry about Willow, I’ll take care of her, I have a few lullabies ready so I can experiment which ones are the best to soothe her and make her fall back to sleep. I have a theory that they would not be dissimilar to yours.”
Chapter 3 should be uploaded tomorrow night and it should get interesting but I'll not spoil anything, so enjoy your reading :)
bloody plane where we could have lo
, is there one that would be to your boyfriend’s liking?”
Ok so I will leave you now, goodbye”
“Yes she is, isn’t she?”
‘’And you says: ‘’ Bit different from my days.’’ Mike then proceed to introduce us, when I just remember that I needed to text my brother’’
without me
“She’s so beautiful John!” Sherlock says breaking the silence.
‘’It works so?’’
me… I was thinking that what I was feeling for you was not good… and that you were not feeling things like this… or even if you
Sherlock put a look of disagreement/shock on his face, but Angelo ignores it completely, and John barely
What decision?’’
taken me here or elsewhere so I could eat and you can watch me eat but not touch any of your meal? Again, I’m not sure it could be
Propert
Several weeks had passed since that day Sherlock had taken care of Emily, and John let him take care of her more often now, and he’s quite surprised at the progress she has made since Sherlock takes care of her, she seems more bright, and he has to admits she may be sleeping better… He tried to read her some children stories and even though it’s not as quick as it is with Sherlock, she does fall asleep…
“Yes I will.” he replies. ‘If you give me a minute’ he thinks to himself. ‘Better be sincere then, I can’t really trick her with this.’ “As you know this last couple of years haven’t been easy for me...” '
“No… no… no…” Sherlock says almost as if he was crying,
“Yes, ok I promise, what is the second?”
He slowly places her in Mycroft arms and says “Willow Joanna Watson Holmes let me introduce you to your uncle Mycroft!”
“Not far, you’ll see” John says placing a small kiss on Sherlock lips.
“Yes?” says Sherlock
I’m sorry John… I didn’t ment to remind you of this… I just… I thought you secretly like
At this moment Sherlock enters the flat escort
If you had request or prompts you can contact me either through my tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com
“No that’s a good plan! It’s just a bit surprising, though I guess I should have seen it coming with all these books you made me buy about bees whenever I was travelling for my medical conferences.”
“I thought… I thought you went back to chasing Moriarty’s network, I was so worried that something might happen to you.”
“Your deductions mmh?”
“What?”
John is startled and turn around with the file still in his hand.
“I wasn’t supposed to let you know that we had a meeting in the first place, so I’m definitely not supposed to tell you what he said.”
the time to take in his full surroundings before Mycroft opens the door.
“Yeah about that...I should maybe mention...” says Sherlock.
“About what?”
Amongst others
Sherlock interrupts John: “This man… you
“Does somebody else know?”
“Am I at risk of these complications Doctor?”
dirty little
“No that’s fine and no it was after that. It was after I came back. It was 10 months ago actually.”
“Sherlock….” says John with a bit of relief in his voice.
“Appendicitis?” asks Molly not quite understanding.
“I’m not finished, while I’m working at the clinic you would have to take care of Willow, no leaving her with Mrs Hudson, except if Lestrade calls with an emergency. In that case, I’ll either come to take care of Willow or we will arrange for Mrs Hudson to take care of her while we go together if you need me. And if it’s an emergency I rather be with you to have your back. We also would have to recruit a nanny I think, someone who lives close by and who could be here in a moment notice so we can still go to cases. We will have to be more careful both of us! No running after crazy psychopath for the sake of being clever or an adrenalin fix!”
“Willow? That’s a girl then?”
“Yes I understand; John you want the adrenaline of the cases but we… sorry you can’t risk it anymore John you had a child… You can’t go with me and risk your life because I have made some bad deductions or…”
beyond mere friendship. You
“I will apologise but later, not now because I don’t want to be with her now, I want to be with you. And I will not ask her to marry me again because I wasn’t even sure I wanted to ask her the first time.”
“For god’s sake why?”
He arrives at the top of the stairs, gritting his teeth from the pain, and directs himself towards John’s bed, which to be honest doesn’t smell
John doesn’t understand the changes in Sherlock’s mood. But he won’t take it, not after he heard what he heard, what he had craved to hear since the day he had worn this jumper and fell in love with Sherlock.
still watching the floor unable to express what he wants to say.
“Take a seat on the sofa, I’ll go put the kettle on… oh and by the way, I really like your jumper!”
want to admit we were actually on a date?”
Why am I here Mycroft? And where am I exactly?’’
“Well if after six years you aren’t ready I don’t know what you’re waiting for… I just think you are afraid, so don’t be. Don’t think about what others will think, or what Mum and Dad would think, what counts is only what you feel. If Sherlock makes you happy, and I know he does then everyone who dares to judge you could go to hell!”
“Yeah, yeah. Me? Fine. I am fine...” His usual sentence he has been repeating for 2 years now when people ask if is ok or how he is, it’s almost automatic and if he tries very hard he almost believes it, but then usually the hallucinations come back to remind him that is not really the case. That made him smile and chuckle at the misery his life had become.
fits him very well if Sherlock is honest, he is so charming that Sherlock
“What?”
and unsaid things between them.
“Because I don’t want to suffer for nothing… If you love her and you want to marry her then go on… But I don’t think you’d need to hear what I have to say in this case.”
Sherlock walks still painfully to his chair, but as he is about to sit down, he sees someone standing in his bedroom doorway his back
you, but I want you to know the whole truth about my brother when you walk out through that door...
“I don’t care, Sherlock, you need to rest at least to heal.”
“Ok…”
He goes down the stairs to face Sherlock about it…
“Appendicitis?” asks Molly not quite understanding.
the dots though he can’t believe that any of it is true.
else.
would be the right moment. John tried to protest obviously
Sherrinford, he really thought that Mary w
pity, and that he wasn’t that important to you… I’m sorry Doctor…’’
“Yes and study them! Problem?”
“I know. No worries I got over it now Sherlock. I met someone actually, nothing serious yet but I like him.”
“Simply tell them the truth, we can’t hide her away forever you know… Especially now that we are here in Baker St again, they have to know.”
John blushes with embarrassment in a second.
me, did you or did you not have fun that night?”
“Maybe you can come with your new boyfriend and we can make sure that he is worthy of you.” Sherlock says with a smile.
Both men too occupied to overthink the words Sherlock had just said, they didn’t realise that Emily has woken up and now wants to be heard. She starts to cry in Sherlock’s arms.
But after a few minutes, the peaceful face of the curly hair man turns to anguish, John looks attentively at him. Suddenly Sherlock who was lying on his back starts to move from one side to another swinging through the air with his arms, and John immediately recognises these signs, he knows them quite well and knows that they mean horrible nightmares.
If you have requests or prompts you can contact me either through my Tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com. I also started to do some fanart so you can ask for these too.
“That you were the man of my life and I would do anything for you… and I’m sorry it
“Well I have to explain when and how Willow was conceived no? Don’t worry, I didn’t give too many details.”
“No, well your security is not more important than any other British citizen for me, however, I can’t say the same for him.” he says again looking at his brother “He would have killed me if I had in any way put you in harm’s way.”
Thanks to SilentRaven97 for the beta of this chapter.
John why are we doing this?’’ asks Sherlock.
“What a stupid theory Sherlock! Why would I want to leave you?”
be finished you have to make a decision, I hope you will make the good one, one way or another you can be sure that I’ll respect whatever decision you make. Are you ready Doctor? The vision you have of my brother may change after hearing what I’m about to say.’’
he doesn’t care, if he could just die on his bed he would be happy. He hasn’t taken any drugs because he
“Okay, it’s not a great defence.” ‘No it’s definitely not.’
“Here is our selection of
“Nothing! You know what, forget it! The only thing that I wanted to say, is that th
John can only
“Mycroft!” says his mother shocked
But here is chapter 10 ! I hope you'll enjoy it ;)
“What can I do now, Harry?”
“I was thinking that I would leave London, go somewhere quieter, but with good schools…”
“So to avoid any complications, the only thing I can do is rest, and avoid stress is that all?”
“Yes, sorry, we apologise for the disturbance, we are leaving now.” says John getting up. “Come on now Sherlock, get up.”
“Oh yes sorry, I forgot to mention that. Her full name is Willow Joanna Watson Holmes.»
The first slide said:
“No? What do you want then?”
“If that’s what you think then you’re wrong!”
Sherlock looks attentively at John.
“Sure Doctor
“Sherlock wait!” but Sherlock is already closing his door with one last look at John Watson.
eyes, he can’t quite believe that it’s real.
John knows that someday and the sooner the better, they would have to talk about his nightmares and PTSD and what causes them, but not now… he doesn’t want to break this moment… though he had another question, that hasn’t been forgotten, in his mind…
become used to it… I… I rather
yourself, John, we all have a past…” at these words John can see the gaze of Sherlock becoming blank as if he was thinking of some memories… probably some memories of Victor…
John opens the file and the first page is a copy of the Vitruvian man of Leonardo da Vinci, with his face glue
approximate measurements of John Hamish Watson' and some numbers scribbled under it. The following shows physical details of John Hamish Watson: 'eye colour: a very deep ocean blue… Birth marks: unknown, physical injuries: one ball hole on his left shoulder though never observed…' The following one
“What? Why?”
Thanks to SilentRaven97 for correcting my mistakes.
“How would you know it would happen?”
I think I can manage alone from now, thank you for helping me with the stairs.’’
“Oh, I see! So you’re fine then?”
John faces Sherlock, we'll see what happen...
should have eaten… mmh?’’
“Sorry? About what darling?”
“I doubt it though”
John.
“No put it back! And keep it; you wear it so much better than I do…”
‘’I mean eat
Sherlock looks at the box in his hands frowning.
“Oh! So he had the time to tell you about Serbia...” says Mycroft suddenly a bit tense.
After that he distances himself and goes back to sit on the sofa as if nothing happened.
Hey! I'm sorry I haven't updated in awhile, I was a bit busy with UNI, but here is chapter 9 :)
more of a gentleman these days, it just show
If you have requests or prompts you can contact me either through my Tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com. I also started to do some fanart so you can ask for these too.
“I’m glad that everything seems in order, I leave you to it then.”
Sherlock continues his voice start
“Of course you’re welcome anytime at Baker Street to meet our little darling.”
he now know
“How would you know how I would look asleep Sherlock?”
few days before you saw him again…’’
a date…’’
mostly unconscious, they didn’t let him go with him
killed her
Since you guys seem to like this story as much as I am, and since I've still got a few ideas for this story, I might try to write 2 to 3 chapters more as a sort of epilogue.
I actually have a question for you dear readers: what do you think of the page setting ?
“You’re mistaken John, I had deduced that you ha
“You! Call an ambulance now!” John shouts at one man with his phone in his hand.
No, he will not go down that road again, he needs to remind himself why he is here. He wanted to ask someone to marry him, yes that’s it. He checks if the ring is still in his pocket. Yes, that’s good. He tries to remember some techniques Ella had taught him to deal with the hallucinations and come back to a sense of reality. He needs to do some simple task to help him determine what’s real and what’s not. Maybe checking the ring in the box might help.
“Eh sorry” says John, catching his breath, and he returns to the sofa.
“That’s because it’s true Sherlock, I’m not gay, I’m bisexual, but right now, it doesn’t matter because it’s just labels and there is only one person I want to be with and it’s you! Sherlock… I… I… I love you!”
“What for?”
“Not quite.”
After his death, Sherlock as you can a
John clears his throat
who knew how to integrate themselves, and told Sherlock
is not the most difficult meal on earth so I suppose with his knowledge level of Italian cuisine he could make it…’’
he told you that for months my mother looked at me and cried because she would never
“You really reach a new low on this one Mycroft!" starts John
Sherlock knows that someday he has to tell John what had happened to him during these two years as John has quite explained what happen to him, but not now… or they’ll probably flood this bedroom with tears…
you… it just… well, when my sister
“Shhh, Sherlock, it’s alright now, I’m here, you’re safe.”
you to die, I can’t
is looking at John with lov
“Except when it comes to you, my sentiments always get in the way of my deductions...”
how angry he is.
“Wait I
Hope you like the story, and as always please leave kudos and comments to let me know what you're thinking ;) It really means a lot to me  :)
The thing that is most bothering John right now is the fact that he can’t stop thinking of how close to Baker Street he actually is. It’s almost like it’s calling him, a sort of home calling, that’s rather stupid he thinks. But at the same time, it has been a long time since he has been this close to his  home, his former flat, except for an afternoon a couple of months ago. It had been when he had tried to say goodbye for the last time to Sherlock, tried to get rid of him, well tried to get rid of the hallucinations as Ella had advised him. ‘You need a proper goodbye, maybe that’s what you need to move on’ she had told him, so that’s what he had done, he had poured all of his heart out to his imaginary Sherlock sitting in his chair, thankful that Mrs Hudson hasn’t been home, he had told him how much he loved him, he had said goodbye, exactly how his therapist had said, but it didn’t work. The only positive thing from this visit, he would say, was that it had given him the opportunity to catch up with Mrs Hudson as he hadn’t seen her since he had moved out, one year and a half before, she had just caught him with his red eyes as he had been about to fly outside, and had forced him to have a bit of a chat and a cup of tea.
“Sherlock, I don’t want to leave you… I’m sorry I reacted the way I did earlier… it’s just… I needed some times on my own to get my mind around this… I’m sorry Sherlock, but now I ha
“Okay, John, I’m suddenly realising I probably owe you some sort of apology.”
that’s not only for having a nice chat
too, disgusted with himself and the whole situation. He refused the company of
“I know, it’s just how do I explain why I’ve been away?”
“I know what I said and I know that it was part self-preservation, part of my rubbish education from my homophobic dad, and partly because I’m not actually gay but bisexual.”
Moreover, in one week I should be on holidays so I'll probably have more time to write a few chapters and actually finish this story I think.
“He was my best friend, of course, I will be affected by his death” yelled John in the waiting room, people turning to look at him “Honestly, you are the stupidest men I have ever known when it comes to sentiments, and caring.”
“I can see that your mind is started to go restless and staying inside is starting to drive you crazy.”
Sherlock feels the tears pricking at his eyes thinking back at his emotions on this night. It was at once the best and worst night of his life. The best because he was finally testing every inch of John’s skin and the worst because every touch felt like a goodbye, almost a farewell.
“Maybe but if you look at it from another angle, your brother would have probably killed himself for real on that roof if he didn’t care for us and our security.”
“No! Sherlock, there isn’t even a tiny part of me that can hate you… I love you with all my being… like I love my daughter Sherlock… And if that forgiveness didn’t sound real to you maybe this one will do… Sherlock… you’ve saved my life maybe that very day I met you… and I understood it the next day while I was wearing this jumper…” he says pointing at the jumper that Sherlock hasn’t take off since this morning though he had put on one of his shirts under it and a pair of jeans…
“What do you mean you can’t?”
John takes both of Sherlock hands in his and
always some dickheads who don’t understand but…”
“I’m sorry Molly my intention was not to worry you but I just had to go away for a while, clearing my head a bit...”
officially. The death of AGRA, an ex-secret agent who has gone freelance
“I… Yes it was partly because of John’s wedding, I was kind of hurt I suppose and I couldn’t continue as before without him or with how the things were but that’s not all...”
“Yeah I think you do,
“Yes, and I did convince him of having a plan B in order not to kill himself if Moriarty did not give him a choice.”
then black.
night I actually told you I was gay, if you remember… I told you…”
“No, I don’t know.”
When he opens his bedroom door, John flies up from his chair in a second and turns to look at Sherlock. But Sherlock hasn’t looked at him yet, he
“London?” Sherlock asks, stopping the swinging.
John gets in the back of the ambulance without any trouble, they don’t even ask if he is family, but then he sees who the man sitting in the front is, and he probably has to do something with it.
you but then that you
Oh god yes, that’s why they are here, he can’t exactly go back now, and anyway it won’t exactly be moving on if he doesn’t do it.
“Of course you’re welcome anytime at Baker Street to meet our little darling.”
An ambulance arrives within a few seconds, doctors and nurses rushing to Sherlock who is now unconscious in John’s arms. But there are also men in black with them…
And with this they
Sherlock starts to yell first in English, things like “Please stop! No!” and then in another language that John assumes might be Serbian. He doesn’t really know what to do as the last thing he wants is to make Sherlock panic, even more, he may not have been there to save him from what causes them, but he is here now to save him from the memories.
“Thank you” John nods and gets outside.
“That’s not what I want Sherlock! It could have been at some point but now it’s not what I want, since I met you it’s not what I want…”
“Yes, Sherlock?”
yourself up for their death.”
“No you’re not John, I was just finishing catching up with Molly with what happened these last few months. She now knows about Willow. One done, one to go.”
“That’s how he got those injuries on his back.”
“A reconversion plan? Really? Are you going to invent another job?” says John jokingly a bit surprised
However I'm not sure I'll be able to post chapter 5 tomorrow, I'll maybe take a bit more time to upload the next ones, it may not be one chapter a day, but more like a chapter every two or three days, I'm sorry but UNI is getting busy and I need to let time to my beta to correct the chapters before I upload them, I hope you understand.
your cups of tea Doctor Watson, Mr Holmes’’ says Anthea as she leave
“You’d tell me if something happened to him right?”
old like me? Because Mycroft chose to save me, the slow little one, over my twin brother. And I have to live with the question of why it was me who had the chance to survive and not him? Going on and on in my head. Did he t
the inscriptions on the ring,
“See you around, John. And don’t forget you’re welcome anytime you like! And if you need a place to stay if things with Mary turn badly, remember that I still have one bedroom unoccupied upstairs.” she smiles, John chuckles.
never been married, no messy divorce for you
And that’s the first thing he asked too when he
sure to be the most confident man in the room, it seems that tonight he
him to his friends and their not so legal activities
radiating confidence whereas for Sherlock it’s all new territory and he doesn’t quite know how to act.
“Yes, Miss Hooper wasn’t in immediate danger so she was able to help with the trick and who cares about what homeless people know? Nobody would trust them if they decide to talk anyway.”
“Well I should say, imagination, I just tried numerous times to imagine what it felt like to be kissed by you...”
“Absolutely John!”
“Yeah whatever you wish to call it but you were definitely in love with him.”
‘Is he bloody serious now?’ He even hears Mary chuckle a bit surely surprised by his nerve, but that’s enough. He is going to strangle this man. Now.
that stupid excuse aside, and tell me honestly… Are you in love with my brother, John?’’
“Would you?”
Sherlock, my best friend, my love, never doubt I love you - JHW
a meeting, but he
“Gentlemen, I must ask you to leave our restaurant, as you have caused a disturbance to our fellow members.” a man suddenly says coming to them.
He is a bit nervous but he’s getting around
“But again, I was pretty stupid to think that you’d have waited for me, that you’ll be happy to see me, happy that
“A thing?”
John Watson look this handsome, and second did John just call him darling?
“Ta, I should go now, see you.”
only reassure
“I… Did you have news?”
“Shh shh, Sherlock calm down it is ok… I don’t mind about the middle name… You chose it so, what is it?”
“Well, no, it’s um… so...” ‘I should ask her now, yeah I should definitely ask her, remember moving on.’ “If you’ll have me, Mary, could you see your way um...” '
“Haven’t really seen them since the wedding, though I think I saw John a few months ago, he was asking about you. Does he know you’re back in London?”
Watson?’’
“I… maybe later...”
“So of course I forgive you… you idiot…” He hugs Sherlock who has been crying through all of his declaration…
Hope you would like them and that you will like this chapter as well ^^
“You don’t have to
“Of course I’m right John! Now be brave like a soldier and go find the man you loved and show him how much you love him for god’s sake!”
it so many times that these
“Is it really that easy?”
“I’m sorry I never ask what happened to you.”
John doesn’t really know if Sherlock wants to take this conversation further judging by the look of doubt on his face, so he decides to change the subject.
start. I have taken the liberty to show you some pictures which will illustrate my speech
of John. He decides that it is definitely not enough. He directs himself upstairs to John’s bedroom, suffering through all the stairs but
“She doesn’t deserve to be a Holmes, the Holmes family is cursed, I mean look at me and my brother…”
“It’s ok John, I forgive you.”
I was wondering if I should start a new series for these new chapters or keep calling them epilogue, let me know your thoughts in the comments?
“So now you’re pulling the family card?” sneers Sherlock
“No John, something good, something very good came out of it John…”
And it seems that the last time he wore it was when he had taken care of Sherlock’s wound after Mary shot him, while he has been staying for a few weeks at Baker St. And so, unlike what Sherlock seems to think, his jumper is probably here, somewhere… He decides to take a look at his bedroom, well his former… bedroom…
And Emily makes a small noise that sounds like an approval in her sleep…
“Together? You mean as a...”
(See the end of the chapter for
, there are still some moment
to discover them :)
And it’s John’s turn to have tears in his eyes.
“Whatever you want Sherlock… whatever you want…” John says kissing Sherlock.
“You keep talking about danger, but what danger exactly?”
“Well it seems real to me when you were there with her, playing the lovely couple in front of me…”
“I don’t really know where to start actually...”
If you had request or prompts you can contact me either through my tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com
My brother… my brother is clearly in love with you…’’
“What does it
The right moment?’’
“Yes, and oh wait you might need that to examine it better” says John going to Sherlock coat, he takes his magnifying glass, and hands it to Sherlock.
Later that day…
“What did you thought, Sherlock?”
“Forget all of these…please…”
Mmmh thanks, the Pasta
“Oh John, whatever happened to me did not alter my faculty of observation and deduction, even though hope did alter my faculty of prevision. But I know that you were going to ask her to marry you, and that’s fine, absolutely fine, I’m so sorry I messed it up, but I’m sure that if you go and call her now she will eventually forgive you. You can go, I’ll be fine, I’m probably going to need to sleep anyway...”
“Simply tell them the truth, we can’t hide her away forever you know… Especially now that we are here in Baker St again, they have to know.”
“No… I mean… I thought you wouldn’t like or know how to… take care of her… but obviously… you managed… what did you do to make her fall asleep at this hour of the day???”
“I’m sorry, I’m not really used to nicknames, is that not good?”
So if that was your plan to get me eating tonight… You didn’t have to go through such
“ I would like to our initials
“My help?” asks Mycroft.
been, even if they were the same age, Sherrinford was brighter, stronger, and Sherlock always looked up to him as a model. So I really thought that Sherrinford would be able to swim a little bit longer than Sherlock, and that’s why I reach
“Oh my god! Oh my god! Do you have any idea what you’ve done!” says Mary but suddenly her panic became just a voice in the background. Because now the panic had disappeared for John, and what is left is an incredible anger and almost hatred towards this man he had loved like nobody else before. And it seems like Sherlock can feel his anger because he thinks he can see a sense of panic invading Sherlock, and he is almost happy for it.
Let me know if you would be interested in the comments.
“Thank god!” he says before cupping Sherlock’s head and kissing him passionately.
“No, he’s still on his case…”
“I don’t believe you. You can’t have deduced it when I arrived; you were not in a state to make deductions…”
you forbid me to see your brother? What were you thinking… that I will hurt him?
…” Sherlock gets away from John
“Wait, what?”
‘The right moment’ these three words kept ringing in John’s head for the past week.
Sherlock looks briefly to John, with small tears
“Sherlock…”
his album. His plan seems to work, Sherlock is not cutting him out completely and seems to accept what he has to offer him for now. He gets up to his old bedroom with his bag to get change
well Moriarty wanted to push Sherlock to his death to end the game, no one
You mean all the times, you
Here's chapter 11, hope you'll enjoy it !
together, chasing a criminal across London, having dinner at Angelo’s, every time we did something that couples could do, or could be interpreted as a bit intimate, I was dreaming of you, telling you that I loved you but then my father was arriving, he was
blow up with the bomb in the underground after Sherlock came back
“About us, of course!”
“Date night.”
Ok as you want Doctor Watson, but know that if you hurt my brother, I will personally take care of you!’’ says Mycroft with the most menacing tone he can do, and in his case it’s pretty menacing but that’s not nearly enough to
When he arrives at Baker St at the end of the day, Mrs Hudson is nowhere to be found. He quickly climbs the stairs to his… NO… Sherlock’s flat, ready to yell at Sherlock and to ask where Mrs Hudson and his daughter are. But then he’s suddenly stopped by the view that comes to his eyes! Sherlock is sitting on his chair with what seems to be a childrens book in one hand and in his other arm a sleeping Emily.
never see you again, that you
“Not quite. Molly a lot of things have changed since I’ve been away and you might want to sit down to hear what I’m about to tell you. Do not worry though I’m alright, I’m quite well actually.” he says smiling.
any, his brother had apparently
Thank you Angelo.’’ Says Sherlock smiling a
But Mycroft doesn’t move and wait
“About us being together, about us being in love and getting married… what were you thinking?”
proper kiss, though maybe I’ll need another demonstration to be sure I understand…’’ John answers this to be as teasing as Sherlock.
“John…”
if you don’t mind
“I’m serious John! I have thought about what I would do if I’m not able to do the work anymore or if I get bored of it…”
Sherlock and Mycroft turn to him affronted but Sherlock seems to realise how stupid they may have sounded with all their pompousness…
‘’Yeah actually I’ve just met him the morning of this day, he was attempting to make a boring conversations with me as always as when he comes around here, and I was telling him that I’ll probably be short of money to pay for a new flat I had found after I’d been kicked out on my former one, and I would probably be reduced to ask for help from my brother, he then suggest me to get a flatmate, to which I respond ‘’ Come on, who would want me for a flatmate? ’’
‘’And I had just met an old mate of my days here at Barts, Mike Stamford in Hyde Park, he takes me there, and takes me on a tour then introduce me to you after saying you were the first man who says that nobody wants as a flatmate, on the very same day I met him.’’
I'm really glad and happy that many people seem to like it! And I do hope you will enjoy this final chapter 😊
Yeah, so I
when we t
a date later, love, don’t worry…” John says going back to Sherlock and placing a small kiss to his lips.
“John I’m so sorry… Don’t leave… Not so soon…”
Hope you like the story, and as always don't forget to leave a kudo or a comment if you enjoyed it :)
‘’You know these things aren’t easy for me…’’
John and Sherlock are cuddled up
“Great, see you my boy!”
He was supposed to
John is amazed, first by how quickly Sherlock manages to calm her, while it always takes him several minutes to try to make her stop crying, before she starts again, and he is amazed at the softness of Sherlock with her, using pet names that he always despised, he’s quite far from the sociopath he pretends to be, though John had realised some time ago that he isn’t really a sociopath… he had seen it especially during his best man speech… John smiles to himself but it’s quite a sad smile as he realises how wrong this wedding was, and how wrong he was about Sherlock and sentiments… sure he doesn’t understand them but he surely can feel them… at least that’s what John assumed after his speech.
Sherlock, it’s not an excuse to get you eating, I really wanna take you on a date, show you what a proper date means… I mean I think I quite understand your lesson about
Mycroft throws a file in front of John.
but in vain.
A week, during which he distanced himself from everything and everyone, a week, during which he had barely see
“I pushed them away, John, I should try to apologise but at the same time I was only trying to protect Willow and I, so should I apologise for that?”
‘’Actually I could, I was drown in your eyes, your eyes which after all these years I can’t actually name the colour, I was impressed by your deductions, your character, your beauty, you…’’
Sherlock takes back the file and throws it in the trash.
about you more than he ever care
‘Cause we can’t exactly snog the hell out of each other in a public place…’’
“Can I maybe decide for myself?”
When they were both out of breath and clearly hard, Sherlock stays close to John pressing their forehead
“I think we have forgotten for a bit where we are...”
“Absolutely! Now if you want me to come along let me know, we can bring Willow downstairs to Mrs H, she'd be delighted, I don’t think we should take her to meet them just yet… We need to let them digest these new proceedings first I think...”
Doctor Watson? Again anything you want is free for you and your date, Doctor Watson.’’ asks Angelo ready to take his order.
jumper and retreats to
And John thinks to himself; fuck it! He isn’t afraid of Mycroft and Sherlock has the right to know what he knows about him, he doesn’t want more
their place in my head. At that time my sister and I grew apart… I enter
Hope you liked the story! Leave a kudo or comment to let me know :)
Dr Watson, if you may follow me’’ says a woman, but he can’t really see her face, still blind because of the bright light of the day.
“What have you told Mycroft?”
sorted this
“John…” he breathes out and gets on his knees.
crying.
for him to get back to earth.
John lifts his eyebrows in surprise.
“Is he really on a case?”
“For coming back...”
“John!” Sherlock cuddles up closer to John and grasps his shirt
“We were discussing why you had to fake your death and pretend to be dead for 2 years brother mine.”
“John, dear, how are you?”
“No, John,
After several minutes
‘’Why you drag us here John?’’
“That’s good then! You’re feeling better now?”
me that dates were when two people who like each other go out and have fun, that’s exactly how I would describe that night, I liked you and I had fun, didn’t you?”
John proceeds to sit on his chair to
He goes to Sherlock but Sherlock retreats.
“John you simply read my mind!” replies Sherlock from his bed smiling as he watches the two people he loves the most in this world.
you for a cup of tea, haven’t you received my card?’’
Get up you naughty boy’’ pushing Sherlock a bit
“What?” says John horrified, “You told me that you got him out.”
from them. You know, he help
“It used to be the other way around!” John chuckles.
‘’Oh John, there is nothing more that I would like in my life, I want all of this, I want you with me for as long as I live and after if it’s possible, because I can’t get enough of you even in a lifetime, I love you so much…’’ Sherlock get on his knees too and hug John as strong as he can, crying on the crook of his neck.
They arrive at the hospital and quickly rush Sherlock to the A&E to stitch his injuries up again while John waits with Mycroft outside the operation room.
hours, he spit all that Mycroft had told him out to Sherlock, so he knows exactly how much he knows about him. Sherlock didn’t respond. John stays some more and decides to leave.
“I can’t be certain, but if you don’t try you’ll never know… And the longer you wait the harder it will become…”
“Angelo, our usual table, for me and my date, and don’t forget the candle please!” John says.
Mycroft changes the slide and shows John one picture of a little smiling Sherlock dressed up as a pirate with a red setter
“Ta, I’ll think about it, Goodbye Mrs Hudson.”
“Give me your hands then…”
to far, that John will never come back.
. I told him that caring was not an advantage, but as you can imagine, he didn’t listen to me. So when we had to put Redbeard down, he
' says Sherlock in his head. ‘Shut up!’ he replies in his head.
Sherlock turns away from John and starts:
“No! Idiot, the woman you were going to ask to marry you!”
“Who says I was leaving?”
‘’No! You truly amazed me everyday, I can’t predict your reactions, I can deduce you easily, but there is always something that I miss with you, something that I can’t quite get right, something very yours… I think that’s what makes me love you…’’
to attack his lips with all the passion he had in him.
Sherlock feels the tears pricking at his eyes thinking back at his emotions on this night. It was at once the best and worst night of his life. The best because he was finally testing every inch of John’s skin and the worst because every touch felt like a goodbye, almost a farewell.
“Couple yes! Mary and John divorced a few months ago. John got in contact with me again and went to visit me at my parents’ place a few weeks ago and then it’s just sort of happened...”
Here is chapter 12, hope you'll enjoy it ^^
“You weren’t angry because I decided to come back in the middle of your engagement dinner?… And by the way, I swear I didn’t know before...”
the idea that I could actually
“I know that after what I said today about Willow, you realised that you don’t want a child who would eventually become a small version of me. But she can maybe become slightly better if you’re here John… She might end up a bit more like you in that case, which I understand would be preferable.”
taken a decision…”
“John… I’m so so sorry...” says Sherlock almost crying “I didn’t know...”
“Don’t leave me… please don’t leave me… again…”
suffer that much emotionally in his whole life.
If you have requests or prompts you can contact me either through my Tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com. I also started to do some fanart so you can ask for these too.
“What? Why?”
“Well, I don’t see why it couldn’t be?”
“Fine, I supposed, though I’m feeling like I have a lack of energy sometimes, and the hormones make me rather emotional I don’t like it!”
“Sherlock, is it you who wrote down this initials: EHW?”
“Danger of death Doctor Watson. You see, Sherlock was not alone on this roof, he confronted Moriarty, whose plan was to make Sherlock either kill himself or see his closest friends die, he had snipers on you, Detective Inspector Lestrade, and Mrs Hudson.”
“Sorry Sherlock, but I need some air and some time to process that.” and with that he leaves.
“And what have you done there for these last few months then?”
succeeded
‘’You’ll see…’’ replies John teasing
“Oh yes sorry, I forgot to mention that. Her full name is Willow Joanna Watson Holmes.»
“Anything Sherlock.” says John looking at Sherlock verdigris eyes, and he thinks he can see the fear in them.
“Nowhere, I just realised that I was invading your personal space a bit and that maybe I am unwelcome considering that you’re in a serious relationship with someone else.”
Well you can
“Because you’ll probably drive her away like my other girlfriends anyway...”
is the date of his return, well at least the day he had come to see John at the Landmark.
He takes a deep breath and directs himself to John’s chair. He takes a seat, or rather snuggles up in it, taking in the
Hope you like the story ;)
John takes it in hand and starts to look at it again to get around the idea that this is real, he is not dreaming. But as
The next day, after having searched through his entire flat to find that damn jumper, he still can’t find it. And he decides, that he takes it as a case from now, he should solve it, he should find it. He arrives at Baker St quite early that day so he can search through 221B himself to find it before going to work.
“Uh.. so, Mary.” God, he almost said Sherlock, ‘concentrate Watson’. “Listen, uhm… I know it hasn’t been long...” '
, if he is lucky enough, he could go through the next step he had planned.
of the Diogenes Club and I simply invite
, his lips still millimetres from John
necessar
“I don’t know if I can say it now?”
“Excuse me for doubting this, but you were about to ask for her hand, it seems pretty serious to me...”
“Oh so you
comes to the end of it he sees a bunch of papers that were not in the file that Mycroft show
Thank you Anthea
“I love you too, John”
‘’I was working on a case for Lestrade as well as a personal experience which consisted on determining how long after death bruises from riding crops still forms.’’
Sherlock sits back in his chair:
Suddenly he hears her “Sorry that took so long.” she says putting her hand on his shoulder when passing by his side.
“Tried to relax, solved a few cases by email or over the phone with Lestrade, but mainly trying to take care of myself.”
dismiss
will come to the ears of my brother. Am I clear Doctor Watson?’’
“Sherlock, look at me.” says John putting a finger underneath Sherlock’s chin to make him look up. “I promise I’m not going anywhere, ok?”
“No! No! You didn’t do anything wrong! Oh god! Sherlock!... I mean it’s been for more or less two months that she didn’t really fall asleep easily and wakes up at god knows what hour at night… so to make her fall asleep at this hour is almost a miracle really…. And me who believed you didn’t know a thing about children!” John let out a laugh and Sherlock smiles closing the book he had in one hand, putting it away, hugging Emily with both arms.
“Yes this army doctor impresses me, I don’t know how Sherlock managed to keep him around really…”
“Our first what?”
“Hope? Well I’m quite relieved… I thought it was something else…”
a drawing of John signed by Sherlock. John never knew that Sherlock could draw. Then are some of the articles who feature pictures of both of them. The official photo of John in the army, god knows how Sherlock had obtained it, followed by his army records. John was starting to
“Perfectly alright, you have a very healthy child from what I can see. Now I would recommend to take all the rest you can for the next couple of months, and avoid if at all possible all things that can be causes of stress for you. The last months are the most difficult ones, especially in case of masgravida, my last patient who had a normal pregnancy for the first seven months had started to have complications from the seventh month and a half and the baby came 3 weeks early. So I recommend to be careful and to follow these pieces of advices, rest and avoid stress.”
It will have to! Now Doctor Watson, I will t
Confidential
John actually had to think of the right words, he wants it to be perfect. Keep it short and simple he tells himself.
This one is a bit angsty.
“It was his idea! He promised that it wouldn’t mean anything, that it was a one-time thing and that we would be done after! I made no promise to him!”
“Well never mind, I’ll wear another!” and with that he’s taking Emily and flying to Baker St.
“No, it’s ok, go… We’ll talk later, yeah?”
the kitchen table and leave
a doctor, I took this path in the army. During my service, I felt it for the first time, this sort of attraction for another man… I told myself that it was due to the admiration that I had for this man, and the fact that I was probably sexually frustrated, as this small voice in my head was repeating
Sherlock continues swinging but with less force.
“What?”
and deceived that John hadn’t dress
“I know mother… It was a stupid idea, probably the stupidest I have ever had but I only wanted to protect him, I swear mother.”
“I supposed not, but I was raised by a homophobic father who sent my sister packing once he learnt that her best friend Christine was actually a little more than a friend. So I supposed that it has stuck a bit with me.”
him out of Serbia,
“Ah John! Mrs Hudson went  to do some shopping, so she let me watch Emily, I hope you don’t mind…” Sherlock says sounding a bit unsure about whether or not it was a good decision.
Well your rules are boring…’’ says Sherlock, he then gets closer to the table
“Absolutely John!”
Here is a picture of the Holmes family taken when Sherlock was about 4 years old. The little boy you see next to him, who looks just like Sherlock
“Please… don’t leave me… I’m sorry… just forget about this John… don’t leave me… we could still be friend
“I know, John, I’m sorry, but I had my reasons for what I have done and I will be ready to explain them to you as soon as you feel ready, I promise...”
“I know, you idiot” John says, going to the kitchen laughing.
“You weren’t supposed to see that John! I’m sorry…”
While bigger tears had formed in Sherlock’s eyes… as he remembers it’s not the first time that John had told him these words…
be suicide, and he didn’t want to l
“What? You want to give her my name…”
John bites Sherlock’s bottom lip, his tongue begging for more, and Sherlock let him deepen the kiss…
“That’s what I thought, are you even here with me Sherlock?”
Thank you so much for all of you who have left kudos and comments on this fic, they really brighten my day and help me see what you like about this story.
John remembers how he had welcomed Sherlock upon his return at the Landmark, and want
death. We send him to see a psychologist and that’s when he learned about sociopathy
and this last bit concerne
“Oh!” Sherlock suddenly realises “We have an important meeting?” he asks confused.
, he should always think twice of what he said about them. But when Sherlock returned to school, after Sherrinford
have been happy with
“Please...”
Hey here is chapter 2 ! Once again I'd like to thank SilentRaven97 for correcting my mistakes on this story.
And that's where he would have asked him to marry him, of course, once they would have talked about their feelings in the safety of their home, once he had admitted to the consulting detective that he was in love with him. He could have chosen Angelo’s but he thinks that maybe Sherlock would have deserved something better as an engagement date. And this is a very posh restaurant and in a way that reminds him of Sherlock, he always had seemed a bit posh to John.
“Sure… Just… What you were about to ask? Is it still… do you still want that?”
“As long as Moriarty was alive he had an exit door, but the man decided to not give him a choice and shot himself in the head.”
is written:
“I’m afraid, we might have to stop in a hospital before heading home, John.”
me to look after him when we
“I will, bye”
And Molly relaxes a bit sitting on a stool of the lab, Sherlock sits in the stool opposite taking a big breath.
‘’Why?’’
If I invited you in here
reaction
Sherlock pretends to be offended for one second but as soon as John has
Once he gets out of his usual appointment, he is happy to know that everything is fine with the baby, even if he is a bit worried that something could go wrong. This last appointment also made him realise that he wish he could share all of this with John. Because John would know what to do to avoid all of these complications, John would take care of him and he wouldn’t be worried because he would know that as long as John would be here, everything would be fine.
“Tried to relax, solved a few cases by email or over the phone with Lestrade, but mainly trying to take care of myself.”
Come and say Hi on
“No, I’m quite sure, I checked. Excuse me.” he says taking a napkin wetting it a bit and rubbing off his fake moustache. “So, does yours rub off too?”
can even let himself imagine that he is John’s arms and with that idea in mind, he falls asleep in John’s chair.
“I think so, I even told her about your stag night.”
gave him. He thought that
he still
“Sure! Sounds really promising this future but what would my consulting detective say about going to bed now, I’m knackered after this day at the clinic and all this talk about our future… we should also try to get as much sleep as we can before Willow wakes up again…”
John gets to thinks of what Sherlock had just told him...
“I did. That’s why I went away, I was panicking and I didn’t want anyone to know in case you let John know, I was terrified, I didn’t know how he would react. So I try to continue as usual for as long as I can until my belly started to show. I told Mrs Hudson and my brother and with his help, I disappeared to the countryside.”
“I still don’t understand; I mean… how? Why? How? You said… but you said… you were not gay about a hundred times…”
“Oh my god, Sherlock, I’m sorry for what happened to you, I wish I could have been there to get you out.”
‘Oh god, why now?’ He almost said it, almost made the big step to move on.
The thing he doesn’t understand is why John still
