When he doesn't answer, Gabriel presses on. "Is he rich? Hung like a horse? Can he tie a cherry stem in his mouth without using his hands?"
He can hear the answering grin in her voice. He’s always been particularly fond of her smile. It’s contagious. “Damn right! There’s probably enough in the letters for Dean to work his magic and profile the fan. There haven’t been any weird threats on social media, but I wouldn’t recognize a similar style of writing unless he used the same words and phrases, since I’m not the psychic profiler.”
Dean scoffs. “You weren’t after me,” he enunciates, still carefully. “You still aren’t. I can tell.”
Gradually, Castiel lowers himself, testing what Dean can handle without being crushed, first slotting their hips together. Dean gasps into Castiel’s mouth when he feels the length of his semi-hard dick through both layers of their thin dress pants. Dean can’t help it. His hips thrust up. Castiel bites down on Dean’s bottom lip just hard enough to sting.
Eileen cheerfully makes a pan of her famous mint and Kahlua brownies and passes them off to her husband to take to the neighbors with a smile like she isn't concerned that someone is going to break into her house and eat her babies in four months. Maybe slightly longer after they've plumped up.
Dean whimpers because there are no words to accompany this sort of agony. Instead, he burrows into the warm core beside him. Tries to focus on that. A hand in his hair. Lips moving against his forehead, calming words and sounds.
However, this morning isn't a library kind of day. It's a waiting for Dean to leave and get to work first so that Sam can trace his trail to the cafe and see what the fuss is about with the barista he's got a date with, kin of day. Honestly, Sam doesn't remember much about him. Nothing about what he looks like, and less about his personality. He only recalls what Dean's said the few times he's brought the guy up. And in fact, the only reason that Sam remembers the guy's name is because it's so unique. There have been so many names in Dean's past, that Sam learned long ago to not bother remembering them unless Dean invited them home to shake hands with the rest of the family.
It takes three tries to find the silverware drawer, but Sam does and brings the hot soup over with a spoon. "I mean, try not to sneeze right in my face, but otherwise I'm not super squeamish."
But the crowd loves the awful opening act. Apparently it's a whole thing to have some cover band or another made of people Dean knows and most are dreadful. The audience cheers and needles, the band on stage rolling from one song to another looking like they know how bad they are and simply not caring. One of the women near Castiel leans towards him and says this is a rite of passage. It feels like one. Acutely.
Inside is the best kind of mayhem ever. The club is full, but not overwhelmingly so. Loud techno music with frantic drum beats pounds through the speakers set up all over the space. The inside is dark with black lights and strobes, the walls stark white that glow blue, splattered with all colors of neon paint. Tables and booths line the walls and surround a large dance space that abuts a stage where a DJ is standing behind his equipment, bouncing from turntable to laptop to mixer. To the right of the stage is the bar. It's huge and long, clear Plexiglas, lit with neon lights and teeming with servers and bartenders, all carrying glasses that glow in the lights.
Hopeless against the flood, Dean opens himself wide. Body. Soul. It's all the same fucking thing. He opens his eyes as Castiel braces his hands on either side of Dean's head and slowly, slowly joins them. "Yeah, I do," Dean moans. "I love you, too."
Dean can’t help it. His breath catches in his throat. He can feel facial muscles pulling into some sort of expression he’d promised himself he wouldn’t make, though he has no idea what it is. Fear burns hot in his belly. It’s sudden and shocking and he can only hope it doesn’t make him pale.
Reality’s a lot easier to handle after that. Castiel’s tiny smile, that at this time of day might as well be a full on grin, is the cherry on top. The icing is Castiel allowing them to help dry and dress each other, fastening dress pants and tugging on undershirts. Presentable enough for breakfast, at least.
Sam bumps their shoulders. "You didn't put me through anything. I didn't have to have to go. It was my decision."
Dean's smile returns. "Sometimes I wish I was more like the stereotype. It'd be a lot easier with a more normal brain. But everyone has some kind of armor to wear, right?"
Plus, God bless him for a fool, but he misses Cas like he misses his foot. He just can’t do it right now. Every time their eyes meet, there’s nothing but soulful pity, and Dean can’t deal with it. As soon as he lets up an inch, Cas will be at him with some huge apology and the need for a soul bearing conversation. Dean wishes he could handle that, especially knowing that they could both use it before the damn ship sinks, but he can’t. His mind isn’t there. It’s just... too fucking much.
Getting back into the groove of student life isn't nearly as difficult as Sam had thought it would be. The first week is a challenge in exhaustion and mad dashes across campus since he hasn't figured out the most efficient routes yet. At least he has Charlie and Dorothy to take him around so that he doesn't feel completely isolated in the crowds of people. They introduce him to pretty much everyone they know, and by Friday, Sam's lost all hope of remembering anyone's name. They don't seem to care, though. A huge crowd of them are crammed into a table at the very center of the student center during lunch and they all shout his name when walks in, clapping like he has just discovered the cure for cancer.
"Yeah, for a walking, talking asshole," Gabriel mutters, sitting down and kicking the seat of Sam's chair so it slides out from under the table in a lazy invitation.
Of course, this time, one finger simply isn’t enough. Castiel must know after a minute of Dean’s internal muscles clenching and releasing, trying desperately for
Turning his head to the side to be able to see his boss, Dean says, "nothing. Why?" He shouldn't ask why. He doesn't want to know why.
Grinning, Gabriel answers, “sure, but if you fall asleep in the middle of fucking me, it’ll be the shortest marriage ever.”
By the time he's able to coordinate his limbs enough to push up onto his elbows and dry swallow a Xanax, his stomach is in serious danger of giving him a repeat of his dinner, and his palms are so itchy with sweat that he drops the pill bottle twice. Then his cell phone slips out of his hands.
Dean folds his legs under him on top of the pillow. His balance is a little off, but Castiel’s steadying hand on his shoulder prevents him from toppling.
His voice sounds steady, body pliant. He’s ready. “Good boy,” Castiel murmurs. “Now it’s time for you to be quiet. Let me guide you and give yourself over to it. You may close your eyes or keep them open. Whatever you prefer. You may ask to stop at any time, and I will. Are you clear on these instructions? Please nod or shake your head.”
"Maybe you don't think it's a big deal, but I definitely think sharing personal stuff is something to thank someone for."
Castiel doesn’t seem to know how to stop shaking his hand. “Good,” he says. “That’s good.” He shakes Dean’s entire arm. Shakes his own head several times. Then he wanders away at a loss, stiff and shell-shocked. Dean only grins more. That wasn’t his angry face. That was his worried face. Now,
The first rumble of thunder draws Castiel closer to Dean. His husband is turned slightly away from him, not wanting to infect Castiel with his bad mood.
Dean unclenches his jaw obediently. Only then does Castiel resume their journey back up the stairs to the bedroom, carefully but assiduously dragging Dean by a fistful of the ropes so that he doesn’t stumble. But Dean is perfectly capable of keeping up. He can’t run or even jog yet, but his balance is back.
“Thank God,” Dean mutters back, scowling. His fucking knees are aching having to stand still for so long. “How many?”
And while Castiel's heats can still be quite urgent, none of it is serious enough that either of them come even close to losing their more rational brains. In fact, he prefers it that way. Getting a dose of both his alpha and Dean at the same time is the best thing that he can imagine. So he waits patiently until Dean is done scenting him, snuffling into the short hairs on the nape in the curve of his neck. Then he pulls back and unceremoniously starts to drag Castiel out of the kitchen and towards the stairs.
Sam hefts Gabriel’s legs up roughly, putting them around his waist and knocking Gabriel’s hands away to be replaced with his cock. “You look amazing next to me. Under me.” He thrusts forward slowly, breaching Gabriel with a sharp gasp and pushing in. Stopping to catch his breath, letting Gabriel adjust, adoring the blunt fingernails digging into his pectorals.
With an embarrassed laugh, he joins them, happy, but a little introverted until the group conversation starts to split into smaller ones that Sam can join two or three people at a time instead of being the sole focus of the group.
Dean pulls his hand back slightly and pats Castiel’s cheek, a warning shot, though weak, and glares. It’s a very clear,
"There's no standard set of steps to get to proper therapeutic levels," Donna assures him. "Some things work, some things don't. All brains are different. The point is to find out what you need, and get it to you. Yeah?"
, and waving him on. Benny takes up Dean’s vacated space on Sam’s left and the three of them board first.
He'd really tried to stop himself from his kneejerk reaction on Sam's behalf. He owes him so much more trust, but his mouth isn't playing ball and he still says, "clubs are how it started for you."
Castiel butts his toe against the door stop, staring at the carpet. “I thought you should know,” he mutters. “Dean mentioned that you may not be averse to job hunting in Wyoming as well.” When Sam does nothing but grin even wider, Castiel mutters, “I have a lot of contacts in law, if you’d like them.”
Please beware the angsty tags because they all apply to Part 2. I will continue to tag chapters as needed, but just be aware that the kid gloves are coming off and things are about to change around here!
Castiel touches Dean’s arm briefly and withdraws. Just to let him know there’s a grounding presence. Dean doesn’t jerk away, but doesn’t respond to the touch, either.
The stretch of Dean’s cock inside him burns a little thanks to the hasty prep, but he’s not in any danger of injury. He’s quite experienced at being on bottom, and often enjoys the challenge. Dean fills him magnificently, and by the time he’s fully seated in the man’s lap, it’s practically heaven. “Ah,” Castiel sighs. “How does it feel for you?”
Smiling, Sam reads the rest, his mind relaxing about Gabriel. He's never been so happy to be wrong about his assessment of someone in his life. Gabriel may
"Big and fat Maine Coon," Gabriel says proudly. "Just the way I like 'em. He's gotta go on a diet, though. I just don't have the heart."
Castiel holds out his empty mug and swipes Dean’s when he reaches out to take it. “It’s how I survived the Marines.”
They mount up and go where they’re directed to the steer chute, waiting for the ring to quickly be reset and the new event announced.
"It's gonna snow before Thanksgiving," Dorothy laments, wrapping her hands around her paper coffee cup and shivering.
At the same time, it's really hard to deal with dreading things that he's absolutely looking forward to. That's probably the worst part. Definitely the most difficult to wrap his head around. He keeps trying, but always ends up concluding that it could simply remain one of his personal life's greatest mysteries.
Satisfied that the immediate problems are solved, he drags the comforter over his shoulders, closes his eyes, and waits for sleep to take him. It's blessedly not long in coming.
"Well, Dean Winchester out of Lawrence, Kansas, if you'll permit it, I can be of some assistance with your injuries."
Pursing his lips, Castiel counters, “are you sure about that? You haven’t developed anything that is stronger or better than back then?”
Castiel leans back in his chair, soaking in the information. It’s all clear to him now. “Sam is so empathetic that the stories must have weighed heavily on him after a time. He went to dozens of conventions for that show every year.”
Once satisfied that he’s adequately relaxed, Castiel wipes his oily hands off on Dean’s discarded shirt and picks up the scar cream. There aren’t quite as many scars on this side, but enough that Castiel can harness more control of himself as he rubs the lightly scented cream into the healed wounds. Gradually, he intersperses the treatment with more massage, enjoying every second of it. More so when Dean sighs loudly, pushing back encouragingly into the touch.
“Ah, I heard that. Perhaps not then, since it’s not much of a punishment if you enjoy it too much. Hmm... maybe pain would be a better deterrent? Where would it be the most acute for you?”
Sam kisses the top of her head and starts tapping away on his cell phone. It beeps back quickly. "Saturday at seven."
"I like it," Dean assures him. "I don't usually do flavored coffee, but this is good. More spicy than sweet."
And it's not any less of a mess when he plops down on Donna's sofa with the sound and posture of a deflating balloon the following day. "I'm fucked," he says.
Castiel brushes his lips over Dean’s lightly one more time. “Whatever you’re comfortable with.” One last kiss and then he’s slipping out of the room to gather the supplies he needs from the exercise room where they’ve stored most of their toys.
“Make yourself at home,” Dean says. He unplugs his foot and it’s got just enough battery left to get him up the stairs without embarrassing himself.
"Don't freak out," Castiel whispers. And once again, he starts to count. His fingers press a little bit harder onto Dean's cheek. Dean's hand flies up and grabs Castiel's wrist. But he can't bring himself to deny the beauty of the touch because he can't let the terror win here. Not when he finally has something great. He's done that enough. It's been long enough.
Castiel has about a million retorts on the tip of his tongue, but he’s too happy on endorphins to manage bothering with any of them. He also has some last minute preparations to make as well.
A restraining hand on his arm is the only thing that stops Dean from making a scene. He glances over and Castiel shakes his head almost imperceptibly. He leans close and whispers fiercely to his husband, “later. We can’t do this now.” His icy glare slides briefly to Brady and then back to Dean again. “We will fix this. I promise.”
“He snuck it into my suitcase,” Castiel argues, mildly insulted. “I didn’t even know it was there until half an hour ago.”
It feels wrong on a base level. But it's not Sam. It's all Dean. It's all Dean's head. It's all Dean's need to have everything the same way all the time to stave off the anxiety and rituals. That sucks far more. He wants to be happy for his little brother. He
Castiel can respect that. To a point. He hadn't been given the chance to explain his own side or tell Dean of his own feelings, and that's not fair. Relationships should be fair. Castiel's always believed that. So if he does have to catch Dean unawares just once, he'll do it.
Dean picks up the thread without missing a beat. “I’d have time to think about it. Sam could job hunt in the area...”
Dean pulls back a step. “No, I mean, for real. You don’t always give me the whole deal when you think it’ll piss me off.”
So he indulges them, kissing a path over the scars down Dean’s neck, biting at his shoulder until Dean shudders and clings to Castiel’s shirt. “We’re going to work together on this,” Castiel says softly. “Get undressed. I’ll be right back.” But he doesn’t leave immediately. He can’t. Dean’s lips are still sweet and a little sticky from the s’mores. And those lips part so beautifully for him. So willingly. Dean follows so well. He waits for Castiel to deepen the kiss, and when his tongue sweeps into Dean’s mouth he makes a satisfied noise. Slow and gentle, Castiel intersperses deep, searching kisses with smaller presses of their lips. He allows Dean’s hands to wander over him, up his arms, around his shoulders, fingers tangling in his hair to keep him close. When Castiel shifts forward he can feel Dean’s erection against his thigh, and that’s his cue to pull away. Dean whines but keeps himself quiet otherwise.
After wiping his hands, Gabriel's fingers find themselves tangling into Sam's hair as he kisses him again and again. "You're very welcome. Sleep sweet, Samshine."
“No,” Dean says like he’s winded. He turns his cheek against the table, though he can’t see Castiel from that angle. “Fuck, I need you to-to... I need... need you in me, Cas.”
He's thrilled. Elated. He's kissing the man he's falling in love with, and when he pulls back and opens his eyes, Castiel is still there. His eyes are closed, lips still a bit pursed, cheeks lightly flushed, and looking like he's savoring Dean's homemade lasagna again.
Dean appreciates it, really because he’s muddled from shock and medication, so all he’s capable of is following along. Willingly. Enthusiastically. In fact, he really likes the soft and repeated meeting of their lips. Over and over until everything not good is just a distant memory.
That's good enough. Sam runs down the stairs, yanks his shoes on, grabs his keys from the hall table, and makes his way out into the night.
But Dean seems to think that his lack of stamina is hot because he doesn’t let up. His finger massages the bundle of nerves, mouth hard suction up and down, every few movements deep into his mouth. He revels in Castiel’s gathering tension. His desperate moans, the thin sheen of sweat all over him.
But Castiel can’t turn away. And as suddenly as the frantic energy had spurred him to movement, the horror that starts to sink in freezes him solid.
Castiel is both in his ear and on his phone saying, “Benny, bring the car around. Sam’s injured. We need to get him to the hospital. Quickly and quietly.”
. It’s just time. Dean’s asking for time. And there’s no way to know if the end result will be a good thing or a bad thing.
Gabriel leans down to Sam's eye level, gorgeous golden eyes sparkling like he's got the secret of the ages to spill. "Easy," he murmurs from barely a breath away. "When they deign to quote someone besides themselves,
Naturally, Castiel lays into Dean the second they’re settled. “You didn’t have to break that poor woman’s camera,” he says gruffly.
Castiel climbs to his feet. Then he holds his hand out to haul Dean up, roles completely reversed now; Dean Winchester the man with the legs like a newborn deer. "I want to meet him."
Dean comes first, violently, and screaming Castiel’s name. His internal muscles squeeze hard and Castiel can barely move inside him anymore, but it doesn’t matter because Dean’s pleasure is his own. He grips handfuls of the rope on Dean’s back, yanking to keep him from falling against the bench as he thrusts three more times, withdrawing just in time to splatter his sub’s back with his come.
Never in his life has he so much as come close to rapture from music, but this. This is... this is what the poets of old and the crazed teenage fans of new write about.
The DJ grins like the Cheshire Cat and steps to the edge of the stage, reeling Sam in effortlessly with that one look. He kneels to get closer to Sam's level. "Take the next one on me and then I wanna see your gargantuan hot ass up on those drums. Doctor's orders."
He’s gotten used to it over time. Castiel has made a point to leave him bared and open as often as possible because Dean still has difficulty letting himself be vulnerable in any other way. But he lets Castiel help him explore it because it’s never humiliating or scary. He’s harnessed so tightly by ropes over his torso to remind him that his Dom Castiel will always take care of his physical vulnerability, and his husband Castiel will always take care of his mental vulnerability. In this way, Dean can let himself enjoy the lack of power and control. He can freely give it to him Dom. Castiel wants it, and he treats it better, anyway. Dean ignores it. Castiel crafts it into splendor.
“You can’t fucking say that,” Dean growls, grinding against Castiel’s firm ass. “You can’t say that because I want so fucking
“Hey, fuck you,” Dean snaps. “I did my damn job and everything’s fine. Why are you so goddamn anal? That fan dropping her own camera is a minor-”
? What's Dean actually able to provide? The only thing he can think of is Donna with her most cheerful,
Gabriel rolls his eyes and digs into his jacket pocket. He pulls out a key and jiggles it in front of Sam’s nose. Then he pointedly sticks it in the balcony door’s keyhole. A minor screeching protest later, and the lock turns. Gabriel throws the door open and steps outside without bothering to see if Sam is following. He walks straight to the edge of the balcony, braces his palms on the stone and metal railing, and stares out into the night.
Nick arches an eyebrow, clearly skeptical and Sam feels the distinct impression that the man knows exactly what Sam's trying to do. He braces for the hard questions, taken aback when Nick simply asks, “what kinda law are you most interested in?"
Castiel takes it from him and uncoils it slowly, stroking it with his long fingers, letting it trail out of his hands until he’s only holding a couple feet of it. “I know I said I’d ease us into this, but I’ve got the feeling you could use it tonight. I think this will help relax you properly. If you’re willing?” He looks Dean square in the eye.
Dean grits his teeth, hands clenched in his lap. This is so much worse than anticipated. He'd even rehearsed what he was going to say. Leave it to Sam to pull the whole damn thing off the rails.
Dean rolls his eyes to cover the pit in his stomach that's rapidly dropping out. "Are you kidding me right now?"
Gabriel smiles winningly. Sam blinks at him. He's not sure exactly how he can tell, but it looks absolutely venomous. "That old adage you reminded me of. TA's have to work twice as hard because of the degrees we don't have, right?"
"Fun!" She leans her arms on the counter to address the barista. "Two chocolate espresso mochas, please!" She pays and they step to the pick up counter. "Hey, what's your favorite color?" She asks randomly, because that's how Charlie Bardbury operates.
Which shouldn’t be a problem when Castiel is like this. He’s as out of control as Dean. Eyes closed, neck a strong column with his face turned to the ceiling in a look of exquisite prayer. “I need to, Dean,” he gaps. “I’m going to-”
“Yes, it was,” Castiel confirms with a scowl. Then he kisses Dean. A second time. A third time. He can’t seem to stop kissing Dean, who allows it until the panic goes away. Then, being a party pooper, Castiel says, “I wasn’t happy with the way you decided to play cowboy, though. You have a team for a reason.”
Castiel shushes him and kisses him again because it’s the only thing that’s felt good in far too long. “You don’t have to. It’ll come back.”
But there are footsteps and another cup, this one paper, being slid in front of him. "Chamomile tea with mint," Castiel murmurs.
Thankfully, Sam’s too wrapped up in filming to notice or comment on Dean and Castiel’s extracurricular activities, to which Dean, at least, is eternally grateful. He’s great at lying, but would rather not have to. His brother reacts poorly enough to lies in general from the people he loves, for his own safety or not. Plus, Dean’s just barely out of the doghouse as it is.
Gabriel walks forward on his knees, urging Sam back until he bumps into the wall. “Doesn’t matter what you meant,” Gabriel answers cheekily, going for Sam’s belt buckle. “All that matters is how I took it.”
"I work around it all day for a reason," Castiel protests blithely. "I could drink it all the time." He nods his head over his shoulder. "Come here. We'll have some in the back so we can be alone."
Castiel tilts his head from side to side. "I usually only work a few hours on the weekends when I'm needed."
The moment that all of you have been humoring me for arrives! Dean and Castiel have their intimate evening.
They quietly sip their drinks for a minute, Gabriel studying the scenery mildly, and Sam studying Gabriel less so. He wishes more than anything that he could grasp onto some solid impression of the guy. But all he is is a pile of contradictions. Or at least he acts that way. Smart but reckless. Caring but irreverent. Young at heart but old of soul. Funny but pointed. How is he supposed to reconcile all of those things to decide whether or not there's a real red flag, or if he's just too used to making them after all this time?
Sam doesn't draw away, though his instinct is to do so by hearing that Gabriel jumped to the worst case scenario right off the bat. Then he remembers that he's been living with that for years. Dean does because his OCD makes him. Sam does because he hasn't been addressing his anxiety. Gabriel does for some mystery reason, but he seems sincere in his apology, and the desire to do better. "Dean's not dangerous. Neither am I."
“You should have seen him that night at Stanford,” Sam says. “There was one point, after like, a gallon of vodka, he perks up and goes, ‘I think I’m starting to feel something.’ And that was it.”
It’s close enough to the end of Castiel’s shift that he figures he can give Dean the time he needs to himself and check on him once he’s got himself squared away.
The meaning isn’t lost on Castiel, and what Dean’s asking for is more than fair. Incredibly understanding. “I suppose I do,” he agrees. “I may have insight into my attitude, but that doesn’t mean I should let it keep happening just because I know about it.”
Sam shifts closer on the couch. “I can’t believe you’re going along with this. I mean, you’ve put me up for weird roles and stuff for your own amusement, but this is different. This is inviting a total stranger into my personal life. Into my
Dean nods. “And look, people. My badge is yours as long as I’m here. I’m not trying to step on any toes or run the show. This is your city, but I protect people in mine, too. I’m a team player. Anything you need? Ask me, and you’ll get it.”
Helplessly, Sam looks around for anything at all to stop the parenting tailspin. He's already nervous enough to be the odd nerd out at the freaking prom. "Pie!" he blurts. "There's pie on the counter!"
Gabriel. Gabriel had found her for sure. And she’s likely one of the most noted experts in her field to boot.
"I can tell you've got a lot going on," Gabriel continues. "I mean, yeah, sure, we all do, right? Everyone's got shit to deal with, that's not one of life's big mysteries. And you're also right that we barely know each other. But I'm also guessing there's a reason you let me tear up all your study notes one day and bring you on a coffee date up to the roof on another."
Castiel’s thumb stops moving. He cracks his eyes open. Sam sits up, disentangling himself from Castiel with a groan. “Yeah,” he says, hoarse.
Dean steps up to his brother and plants both hands firmly on his shoulders. “Yes. Ab-b-bsolutely. Listen to me, Sammy. Your man doesn’t do anything b-b-by half measures. You know that. He wants to marry you, and that’s what he’s gonna do. He loves you, and he means it.”
“Suck it up, buttercup. Life changing events usually require head shrinking, so your head shall be shrunk.” She turns. “Oh! Hey, welcome back, eye candies!”
Satisfied, Castiel resumes his torture again, and this time the buildup is a lot faster. Dean’s muscles go taut and his wrists cut into the restraints. He’ll have marks tomorrow, and he gives less than two shits about that.
Castiel stares for a moment. He nods once. "In that case, I was thinking before that I would very much like to suck your dick, please."
He drops the phone onto his bed like a hot potato, and then starts to get ready for bed in order to distract himself from the waiting. Here, at least, his normal routine is completely necessary to keep from fidgeting out of his skull. He takes his clothes off in the same order every day. He steps over to the closet and removes his socks, then overshirt, then pants, then undershirt, then boxers, tossing each item into the proper laundry basket so he doesn't have to sort them later when he does the wash. He steps over to the dresser and pulls out a fresh pair of boxers and shirt.
She hands the card back. "Okey dokey, that's four-sixty and no change for your total. How are you gonna be paying today?"
It’s not twenty-four hours before the next letter from Lucifer shows up, and this time it’s not hand written and mailed.
with my job," Castiel concedes. "It's just that it wasn't something I loved, and I got depressed. I'd wanted to run my own business since I was a kid. That's why I explored accounting and business management when I was in school. Maybe I couldn't make as much money as I used to. Maybe I wouldn't succeed at all. Maybe it wouldn't make me happy in the end, either. But, living with that regret forever? I couldn't do that."
Dean blinks at a loss for words. A wide grin breaks out on his face, equal to Sam's sheepish smile. "Holy shit! That's... that's amazing, Sammy! Congrats! When did you find out?"
Dean can't help an indelicate snort at the guy's expense. Castiel remains completely unrepentant as he wipes his chin. It's starting to get really easy to fall for the guy. "My OCD," he finally clarifies. "It's not really bothering you."
Castiel shakes his head. “No, I go to church. I’ve had my disagreements with religion, but I’ve managed to find a community both in Vancouver and Austin that’s accepting of who I am.”
"No!" Sam says emphatically, expectedly. "I just don't want you to feel like I'm stepping on your toes."
scared. But..." his green eyes glance up and it makes Castiel's heart skip a beat. "I think it's that good kind of scared that's gotten me this far."
Dean secures the bolt he'd been warring with and straightens, stretching his back and wiping his hands on his already filthy shop rag before turning to rest against the car, squaring up with Bobby. "If you've got something you wanna know, you can ask."
Dean cringes, taking his turn to stare down at the table. "I'd love to, Cas, but things are kinda... complicated for me right now."
Sam laughs and Castiel perks up from where he’d been perusing his feed. “Is it the one with the cowboy hats? I like that one.”
“I know you do,” Sam answers, undeterred by anyone’s bad mood today. He slaps his brother on the shoulder as he goes back to his side of the room to dress. “You’ll hate me even more when your wedding photos are perfect.”
Marriage is a beautiful thing. Castiel loves everything about it. He can come home to his mate every single night. And Dean will be there waiting for him and smiling that joyful smile like he just isn't fully happy until Castiel walks in the door. The feeling is entirely mutual.
With a hard frown, Castiel grabs Dean’s wrists, snapping the handcuffs in place with practiced ease; first the right hand, then spinning him around to secure it to his left behind his back. “The punishment should fit the crime.”
Dean plants his hands on the backrest to either side of Gabriel’s head. He levels him with his darkest look. Gabriel blinks at him. He’s telling the truth. “Breathe a word, and I’ll shoot you.”
The furniture looks comfortable and plentiful, suggesting that Gabriel probably entertains at least sometimes. The kitchen beyond is fairly small, but has a lot of counter space, and it's all granite and stainless steel.
He tries, though. He brushes his hands over Castiel's shoulders, swiping down to cup his elbows, carefully drawing him closer. Slowly he lowers his head down, forehead resting against Castiel's right shoulder. He stops moving then, breathing starting to elevate, the panic wanting to claw out.
"Not all the time," Sam shakes his head. "Not even usually. Every now and then... well, like when you went out with Castiel, I... yeah I had a lot of anxiety about that, but it wasn't nearly as bad as before. You've got a great recovery track record, Dean. Are you suddenly doubting that?"
A minute later, two police officers appear with Lucifer cuffed between them. He tries to stare them all down, but only Brady bothers to even glance at him.
Sam sinks down more in his chair. "Okay, I'll admit I've been worried about you having sex again since all the germs and stuff, but clearly you're okay. I realize we both want absolutely zero input on each other's sex lives. I only wanna make sure you're cool mentally and all. Sorta. Kinda. Uh. You know what I'm asking."
No, Gabriel tells Castiel about his afternoon with Sam as though he deeply, mournfully wishes that it hadn't ended the way that it did.
is Castiel? The guy Sam goes on and on about? His best friend?’ I couldn’t believe it. You were so...
“You fucking bet,” Dean says, flushing slightly at the praise and hiding it behind his bad table manners, shoveling his food into his mouth as quickly as he can.
Gabriel releases him and skips ahead to back-step in front of Sam's long stride looking for all the world like a cartoon character. "A
When he’s naked, Castiel stands him in the middle of the open floor. As he prepares, he speaks in a cool, soothing cadence that out in the real world, Dean would be insulted by. Here in their sanctuary, it’s a balm. “If you enjoy being tied as much as I predict you will, one day we’ll move on to kinbaku. It’s beautiful and erotic both. I prefer it to most Western bondage.” He flips off the overhead light so that only the warm glow of the desk lamp remains. “But for tonight? We’ll stick to shibari. It may turn you on, however...” he strolls over to Dean, tilting his chin up with one finger. “Tonight isn’t about sex. Is that clear, boy?”
"I know," Gabriel answers, sounding contrite. "I really tried to keep my mouth shut, but your brother is right. You've got enough on your plate already."
Castiel takes a beat to address the rest of the room. “Sam, please don’t blame yourself for this. You know how Dean gets when he feels like every step forward is three steps back. I apologize, everyone. I’ll get him squared away.”
The harried redheaded girl behind the counter smiles at him, a bit tired and frantic. "How can I help you?"
When he turns around, Castiel is standing just outside of touching distance, hands in his pockets, casual as ever. Dean's not sure if he's irritated by the lackadaisical attitude or thankful for it. It takes a minute, but he recognizes it's the same feeling he'd had with Sam and Bobby once upon a time right after he'd been released from the hospital. They'd been so determined to be okay with his increasingly problematic diagnosis, that their easygoing attitude had been grating with how forced it was. Of course, he's not familiar enough with Castiel yet to know if he's doing the same thing or not. In theory, it's easy to give him the benefit of the doubt, but certain mental states just hate for the sufferers to be rational like that.
? Dude, he wouldn't even talk to me this morning. He was gone before I was even dressed and downstairs for breakfast."
However, Sam comes back minus the brownies and plus a huge beaming grin. "He's really nice," he both signs and says to his family. "His name is Castiel and he works from home."
OCD. It's taken him years just to be able to get out of the house again and hold down a job. Now he's got this guy he's into, and they're going on a date, but on his bad days, Dean can barely stand to be around
“Good,” Castiel answers immediately, effortlessly cutting through Dean’s second attempt at deflection. “That was my intent.”
Dean paces his bedroom, tapping the cell phone against his forehead agitatedly, chewing on his thumbnail. Inherently, he knows nothing bad has happened. Castiel, the fucking pre-planner, has a hundred contingencies set up for any of them ending up in the hospital or jail or kidnapped or anything else less likely. He would have gotten a call.
Castiel wakes up alone in Dean’s bed, facing the window. Which has its blackout curtains open. They weren’t open last night. Meaning Dean opened the blinds before leaving the room this morning. He
“Yeah,” Dean breathes like he hasn’t even considered doing the alternative. It’s extremely encouraging. “Nothing like that between you and me. I promise.”
“Bees are wonderful. Did you know a single bee only makes one twelfth of a teaspoon of honey in its lifetime?”
“I can d-d-do that,” Dean smiles. He crawls out of the bed and goes quickly to the ensuite bathroom. Somehow he has the feeling that despite their lazy start, Castiel won’t tolerate much dithering. He hears the sheets shifting as Castiel hauls himself out of the bed lethargically. Dean’s private smile widens. No matter how good the start is, Castiel will always drag for a couple of hours. Doesn’t matter, because sub or not, Dean’s got a plan that he thinks his Dom will be game for.
He turns towards the door, but Dean stalls him with a hand on his arm. “Look. Gabe and I might not always see eye to eye, b-b-but that guy was willing to take a b-b-bullet or deal one out for you, and no one else, once upon a time. That ain’t nothing.”
Michael’s face twists with sudden rage. “It’s not stupid!” he yells. “It’s not stupid, Dean, it’s revenge!”
Still, after all this time he should have picked up one or two better parts of Castiel's personality. Like being non-judgmental. How is he supposed to do that?
Castiel pinches Dean’s nipple hard through the fabric, making his sub cry out. “Now Dean, we’ve talked about proper consent. You must tell me exactly what you’re willing to try.”
Sam doesn’t raise his head, though he allows himself to be led down the hall to Dean’s private room. It’s terribly quiet in the ICU. Far too quiet. Castiel can hear his own racing heart and Sam’s breath in his ear, which for a moment nearly makes the bodyguard dissolve into panic because it sounds nothing like Dean, who is the natural one in that same ear.
Gabriel sways forward, kissing him long, slow, and sensual until Sam's head is swimming with more than a wine cooler cocktail. "Bet your sweet ass." Gabriel punctuates the promise with a smack to Sam's butt before sauntering off to the stage.
Dean watches in fascination as Castiel's perfect ears start to turn red. Wow. "I go to Tech," Dean says faintly. "Mechanical engineering." He watches with wide-eyed wonder as the server approaches with Castiel's burger and soda refill, setting it all down. At Dean's table. With Dean. Where Dean is sitting. Across from Castiel Novak.
,” Sam mutters over and over like he’s stuck in a feedback loop. “I thought we were gonna leave out a back entrance.”
It sounds like an impossible task, but the warmth of praise kinda makes him believe Castiel. He allows himself to be led towards the far side of the room where there’s a comfortable reading nook. There’s a plush leather arm chair by an end table near a set of shelves stuffed with books. Castiel takes the throw pillow from the chair and drops it to the ground.
Castiel’s quiet chuckle rumbles against him like distant thunder. “You’re an angry sleeper. Like a bear.”
“Always about the money,” Dean mutters. He walks down the line of stalls to where Baby is waiting. Bobby is already there getting her set up.
Castiel turns his head on the pillow, to show him the entire wattage of his smile. "Thank you. But I like the way you'll hold my hand much more easily now. I'm usually quite tactile."
a sin, when it was just who I was? What if all they did was tolerate my so-called sin? What if they loved me
Gabriel shrugs, picking up Sam's notebook again and flipping idly through the pages. "He won't kill you and eat you, so there's that."
Sam sighs out of his nose. “Fine. Listen. If you can’t do it for yourself, do it for me. Your job is to protect me, and I need that right now. From this. From being alone in this. It hurts and I’m scared and I don’t wanna lose either of my brothers.”
Dean punches his brother lightly on the shoulder as he passes by and makes his way to his bedroom. So much for keeping a low profile. He should have known. Sam's been seeing through him for ages. Not like Dean hasn't been doing the same in return. Sucks having a brother sometimes. But it's awesome having one that doesn't push all the time. And Dean will be damned if he's going to ask his brother for either friendship or relationship advice.
Sam is waiting with a fresh pair of clothes to take his own shower when Castiel finally emerges, dressed and fresh, if not refreshed.
“Thanks,” Sam answers. He shakes his hands out and bounces a little on the balls of his feet before following his brother into the small dressing room. It’s cramped with the five of them stuffed inside. “Wonder if I’ll ever not get nervous doing these live shows.” He plops into the chair in front of the vanity mirror and grabs a handful of makeup wipes out of the dispenser on the table to clean himself off.
Sam fists into Gabriel's sodden hair, grabbing too hard, but the response he gets is a moan that sends vibrations all along his length, and the only action left to him is holding on for dear life. One of these days he may last more than a couple of minutes with this man, but today cannot be that day.
“Tell me about it,” she groans. “I’m drowning in perfumed envelopes. The interns were sorting and reading it for hours. Got a few you or Dean’ll wanna come pick up for the files.”
Resignedly, Dean holds out his hands. So much for his ability to stealth snark. Castiel secures the cuffs quickly and then yanks at them to drag Dean over to the bench. He picks up the plug and lube. His long fingers stroke over it suggestively, slicking it generously. “You can set your own pace to get it inside you, but your time limit is how long it takes me to finish my workout routine. Obviously, you will not use your hands. I realize that you won’t be able to balance properly for long periods of time on your prosthesis. Therefore...”
"It's okay," Sam says soothingly, sitting down on top of the closed toilet seat. "Please let me help you."
Thanks to Sam’s schedule, the wedding doesn’t happen for nearly a year. But in the interim, Dean becomes less hostile, Gabriel becomes less jumpy, and Sam gets happier and happier. He can’t even describe how it makes him feel to see his tuxedo hanging in his closet.
It takes sorting through every last shirt in his collection, but he finally comes out with a long sleeved, gray v-neck t-shirt. That'll do. It's not stained or too tight or too embarrassing in general. He yanks it over his head and then turns to face the mirror, pushing the sleeves up his forearms. He tucks his hair behind his ears. "Not bad," he admits to his reflection.
Gabriel ambles back to the door and then turns casually on his heel, jabbing a finger towards Castiel. "I've never wanted what's good for me." He grins.
And despite their earlier fervor, Castiel and Dean stand in the room, facing one another, undressing slowly. They study each other and the skin revealed, never rushing.
Sam had laughed and said he'd have died for her, of course. Like it was nothing. Like it was something he was positive could never happen.
as it had been when they’d left. Castiel, for one, marvels at it. There’s not a single thing out of place. Even their framed wedding photos are arranged just so on top of the dresser.
Castiel groans, burying his face in Dean's neck. "Sorry," he murmurs. "It's really..." His hard dick brushes against Dean's thigh. He leans his hips away, but Dean brings him back.
"That's why they're pajamas," Dean says. "So, do you wanna keep watching TV to bum around, or is there something else you do?"
They tumble into the unmade bed, Dean pushing off their pants as they situate themselves. He crawls up the mattress like a big cat hunting its prey, Castiel not even blinking as he watches and licks his lips. Foreplay has been pointless to them for a time now. Every time they look at each other in a certain way, the fire is lit bright and hot as shit. Teasing it out doesn't matter in the slightest. They know what to give and what they want to receive, and that's the beauty of being so in tune. It's probably the
They dump the supplies in the garage, too tired to clean anything out tonight. Sam says goodnight and goes straight to his room, leaving Castiel and Dean in the kitchen.
Noticing Dean’s defensive face, Castiel pours himself another cup of coffee, and says smoothly, “too many cooks in the kitchen. Sam hasn’t been a part of the process yet, and I’m interested to see how Jack does without me.”
, Cas. You've been awesome this whole time. I thought it'd be okay. It was supposed to be okay. It felt okay."
“Cas told me. It came up in your background check. I couldn’t believe it at first, that you’re one of them.”
Especially when some shift from Dean or change in the air, cracks Castiel’s eyes into that familiar glare. “It’s not morning.”
I still have a nasty cold, but it hasn't slowed down my writing! Thank you all for your super warm reception to this fic so far! <3
Right now he’s practically on cloud nine. His thighs are chafed raw. His dick is aching with need. His eyes are burning with unshed tears. His body is screaming for Castiel. All of it added together is almost too much hurt and not enough relief. The only way he stands it is because his Dom, his partner, his husband, knows how to do one thing for Dean, and that one thing is giving him happiness. That level of contentment he would never be able to achieve alone. It’s as beautiful as much as it is his everything.
Sam is already in makeup once Dean and Castiel make it to the backstage area. “Hey!” Sam greets. “You guys okay?”
Jack smiles, slips on the ear protection, and squares off with the paper target at the end of the range. “Every soul is important,” he says, and empties the clip dead center into the target’s chest.
“I hope you do,” Jack says with full sincerity. “Bobby called this a temporary assignment for me. I’ll be sad to see you guys go, since I’ve been welcomed like family, but I understand if I have to.”
He’s supposed to be in control. He’s not supposed to be scared and standoffish. He’s not supposed to speak in more sentence fragments than complete thoughts. That’s not how he operates. That’s not how their relationship goes. The timidity is as annoying as it is terrifying.
With a small smile, Castiel draws close to Dean and kisses him sweetly, close mouthed. The tender contact startles Dean enough that he only remembers just in time not to press deeper for more. The kiss is utterly distracting. Dean loses track of everything else that Castiel is doing save for the barely-there pressure of his lips trailing over his mouth, then to his cheek bones, then deliberately to his earlobes, tugging each one lightly with his teeth.
he is. What makes him tick. You probably know more about him in that regard than I do. He loves you. And the list of people he truly loves is pretty damn short.”
Castiel steps closer. “You’re not.” His lips tilt up. “Actually, I was expecting something like this with all that’s going on.”
"That's right!" Charlie says. "Okay, fine, let's start off tame. Tapas and video games. Standard party rules. Loser gives up their controller."
He swings around and sees Ash and his impressive mullet, made even more impressive for a night on the town, running towards him. "Sam, buddy!" he calls.
Ash expertly weaves them through the undulating throng of dancers to the table, everyone dishing out hugs and back pats.
Dean crawls over Castiel’s legs and plants his palms flat on his husband’s chest. “It’s not nothing, Cas. If you say it’s nothing, that means what I g-g-go through sometimes is nothing. Do you really b-b-believe that?”
God, he loves Castiel’s neck. It’s strong, warm, and has those soft spots that give way to rough stubble, which Dean takes his time to slowly run his lips over until they start to tingle. Castiel’s facial muscles twitch in his sleep, but the way he continues to snore lightly, means it’s still just a nice dream. Hopefully. Otherwise he could end up with the bad kind of pain. Calculated risk. Totally worth it either way because Dean gets just a little bit hard every time he noses against Castiel’s ear, taking it between his stimulated lips. But he doesn’t go further quite yet. His naked skin in the cold air conditioning is puckering with the need to press against Castiel’s warmth, but not yet. Not... quite... yet.
Castiel steps forward. “He has an outstanding warrant for his arrest in New Jersey. If we get him, we can turn him over. He’ll be facing jail time, and be comfortably away from Sam. It’s a win-win. If you
It could happen. "Him or me," Dean murmurs. He loves him. He loves him so fucking much. He loves him enough to give him anything. He doesn't deserve this end, and Dean sure as shit isn't going to let him have it.
Castiel’s expression softens to indulgent control. He passes the paddle between Dean’s legs, pressing lightly against his semi-hard dick. “If you come before I’m ready for you to, you will regret it.”
thinks about it, he wants to try. No matter what it costs him, he wants to try. If it blows up in his face, at least he'll know. It'd be a damn shame, but maybe he could end up at least casual friends with Castiel. He seems like a laid back enough guy that he'd let Dean down easily if push came to shove.
Dean slaps his ass again, the crack of it almost drowning out Castiel's moan. "We're not on your schedule right now," Dean reminds him.
Dean flushes at the praise, hoping it grounds him, so to speak, but it doesn’t. He drifts higher, eyelids drooping to half-mast.
For all his rush and bluster, Brady follows along easily with Dean at the sedate pace that he requires on his prosthesis as he gets used to walking without his cane. “You’re the star witness,” he says conversationally. “I meant it when I said to not hold anything back. Your testimony is the most important part.”
As it is, Gabriel is disturbed to find himself subdued as well. "Okay, kids. Today Nick's set you up with a brief Q&A. The stress is on
The trip to Dean’s bedroom is kind of agonizing, truth be told. Though they’d been making out and confessing kink in an extremely public room of the house, by mutual agreement, they decide to put a lid on the rest until they’re truly in private. Dean suggests that Sam might not be so thrilled with his brother and his best friend fucking before the first date, to which Castiel agrees. Sam’s a prissy traditionalist in lots of ways. Not like it’s stopping them. It’s the opposite. So, very,
Painfully slowly, Dean blinks once, though he doesn’t look away from his wavering stare on the ceiling.
Sam sets down serving dishes with green beans and mashed potatoes on the center of the table. "Is he really fine having a date at his own store?"
,” Sam stresses. “It doesn’t matter if we can’t remember every single detail in ten years, or whatever. The feeling will still be there. So will all the pictures.”
“Sorta,” Dean answers quietly. “B-b-b-but it’s protocol.” He yawns widely. “I’m not ready for the rest.”
So it’s with full confidence that Dean meets Castiel and Benny out in the driveway for their trip to their airport.
Each time his body jerks, Dean’s cock slaps against his belly. It’s so hard. Throbbing with need. Leaking profusely. Castiel thrills at it. He’ll do it. Dean will do it.
arriving. From all over the world. Dean’s no slouch, either. He gives away a huge chunk of his annual bonus to internet stores, and the longer this goes on, the more Castiel starts to think he might have underestimated his own shopping strategy.
Either way, he knows he's not imposing, but occasionally, Dean feels the tug for a place that's his own. A place he could settle down in with his own partner. Maybe. One day. If he
He doesn’t tell his version of that horrible night from the perspective of a husband. He tells it like a cop. Like a bodyguard. He spares none of the details and all of his emotions. It doesn’t take very long, but still, when he’s finished, his throat is dry and he feels wrung out. However, Naomi appears pleased with his statement, and Brady is giving him an encouraging look.
The short TA grins at him like the sun coming up. "Well, if it isn't Sasquatch Winchester here to load himself up for the day!"
“Gabe,” Sam warns. He’s not in the mood for his boyfriend’s Damn The Rules attitude tonight, of all nights. Besides, it’s his first proper Hollywood party. He’d rather not get thrown out of it. “We’re not supposed to be back here.”
“Burn it,” Dean grunts, rubbing his bruised shin. “Seriously, at least rent an apartment or storage unit to keep the stuff in the off-season.”
"Yeah," Dean says shortly, stripping off his shirt again and stomping straight to the kitchen for a cold bottle of water.
“Tempting,” Castiel teases. He uses the weight of his body and stumbling forward momentum to guide them to the bed. Clothes come off in short order, though neither of them happen to have the coordination or the energy to do more than some light making out.
“Enough bickering, children,” Gabriel says lightly, as deft as Sam at cutting them off before they get started. “Things are picking up after this. Two weeks off and then to Vancouver for
They sit facing one another, neither particularly embarrassed by nudity. It feels intimate in a way that Dean's never experienced before. Like there's something important in the vulnerability that won't fade with the reassurance of sex. It's different. He doesn't know what it means, but it hits him like a deep-seated craving.
Sam studies his arms, and he can feel the paint dried and cracking on his face as he smiles. "Looks like."
Castiel grabs Dean's shoulders. "What happened to your piercing? Your lip ring that I gave you? Where is it?"
Obviously Dean, if only for a brief moment, hadn't seen his OCD as an insurmountable obstacle to... to what?
surprised. Not by the feeling, naturally. He wants Dean like cat wants a sunbeam. He's just surprised at how easily he's able to admit it. A week of being parched can sure change a man.
Sam smiles, certain he's made a good choice. Besides, he has two whole hours to decide what he wants to say to Charlie, and how he wants to say it. That's plenty of time.
Castiel accepts the coffee and tilts his head from side to side in a noncommittal gesture. “He wasn’t a friend of mine, but from what I understand, he and Sam were close for a time. I couldn’t ever figure out why.”
“Holy shit,” Dean breathes. Despite the shock, his dick gives a small twitch. And even how conversationally Castiel said it, it’s... sexy as hell. He swallows audibly.
He’s right. Dean’s eyes are merely slits, glazed over and unseeing, but Castiel wants to cry again the second he catches sight of green. It feels like it’s been forever. Never mind that it only lasts a minute before Dean’s eyes are rolling back in his head and he’s asleep again.
Dean starts drumming his fingers rapidly on the steering wheel. "Did any of it happen to mention anything about distraction?"
When the doorbell rings at exactly seven, Dean is closest, so he answers it with, if not a hostile expression, at least a blank one. But then he gets an eye full and his jaw drops. Metaphorically. He's pretty sure his mouth stays shut, but he
Her gavel slams against the podium, the sound dropping in Dean’s stomach. His eyes fly to Castiel, who looks just as gobsmacked as everyone else... with the notable exception of Tyson Brady.
Castiel stares at Dean long and hard. After a moment, he seems to deflate. He rests his forehead against Dean's, gently touching the three stitches over his bottom lip. "I'll make you a new one. A better one. Once this heals. Does it hurt?"
“RPF,” Castiel answers immediately, ever the studious nerd. “Real Person Fiction,” he clarifies to Dean.
Bolder now, especially with how hesitantly Castiel had suggested friendship first, Dean grins. And it's good he risks it because Castiel's eyes immediately flick down to his lips for a second. "It means," Dean says, allowing his light Texas drawl to peek through, "that I'll pick up the tab, we call this a date, and see what happens." He wants to pass out he's so nervous making the suggestion, but fake it 'til you make it, so they say.
“Lemme guess,” Dean supplies dryly, “Brad-d-dy was all chummy and refused to choose sides for about a minute.”
Despite everything, Sam laughs tremulously. It's still a laugh, though. "Did I really fall on my ass?" He glances around.
They step in tandem onto the carpet and the music changes. The guests stand almost in unison as the couple slowly strides towards their goal. It’s warm out. Not a cloud in the sky. It couldn’t be a more perfect day, and Sam lets the sun on his back warm his body as much as his heart is.
Gabriel rubs the back of his neck. "He came in yesterday looking for Cas and he was acting kinda weird, so-"
Castiel’s discomfort eases slightly, shoulders relaxing, and the ghost of a smile touches his lips. “Thank you.”
Castiel wags a finger primly. "Admiring something and desiring to be something are two completely different things. I don't wish to wear cowboy hats and boots every day."
telling the truth, though. It's sort of a campus club we're going to. And in order to be allowed to stay on campus and cater to students, they have to be pretty strict with their rules. It's clean. Well." She grins slyly. "Clean of the bad stuff. I
Feeling spoiled yet? I'll bet you are with this many chapters so quickly! I don't know if I can keep up this pace, but for the time being, I'm in a writing frenzy. :D
“We’ll take the news however you want,” Sam says with a smile like he’s eternally grateful for the lightness to soften the bite he knows is about to get them.
"That's 'cause you're a smarty pants. So, answer me this: why do you feel like something has to be hard to be worth it?"
Dean turns to the side just enough to plant a noisy kiss on Castiel's cheek. "We didn't get to have a proper Sunday breakfast thanks to all the fucking, so we're having it now. Which means all the bacon. You don't have to eat it."
"That's actually really comforting to hear," Sam admits. "I think that what Dean needs most is for someone who might stick. Plus, he's so into Castiel that I almost can't stand it."
Something vaguely wonderful and embarrassing and uncomfortable wells up in Dean's chest. "Thanks, Sammy," he says gruffly. He can't say anything else. Sometimes he really wishes that he could tell his little brother how much it means to him that they've come so far. That Sam's doing so much for him, not because he has to anymore, but because he can, and he's fine with it. It's not always easy for Dean to accept, but that might also be why Sam's so willing and good at it.
Gabriel breaks in with a laugh. “You make it sound like they need a counseling weekend at one of those couples’ retreats.”
Dean puts his arms over Castiel’s head, cuffs rattling, the cold metal against the back of Castiel’s neck like a brand against his overheated skin. It’s so much more than his wildest imaginings. He could do this forever. Too bad they haven’t got that much time this morning. But he’ll still take what he can get and be grateful for the rest of his life.
Dean shifts back with a noisy sigh. "Fine. Ten minutes. But you gotta be naked and waiting when I'm done."
Two days is a long time to deal with Castiel’s radio silence, but thankfully, Dean doesn’t have much time to wallow in it. The filming schedule has been fucked sideways, but Sam is determined to power through and not throw them off. The producers assure him that they can film the remaining scenes after the location shoot in Squamish, but Sam declines. If they trip up on their first season, they may not get a second.
Castiel sighs, leaning his hip against the counter. "You're probably right. It's on topic, though. I'll admit I have an extremely dirty imagination concerning you these days."
For the hundredth time, he picks up the sealed envelope Jody had given him as she'd put her coat on to leave with strict instructions to give it to Castiel without opening it. Not like he would. She knows that. That's why she'd very pointedly licked the flap to seal it. He ain't touching her spit no matter what, even if he was wearing gloves and had a letter opener on hand. He's really freaking curious, though. She'd said he shouldn't worry about the contents. They were just notes for Castiel that would help ease the way until Castiel had figured out on his own how to tiptoe around Dean's compulsions. Reasonable. Also, nothing confidential. He definitely trusts that.
“I don’t have doubts,” Sam assures him. “It’s just surprising. But I swear I’m happy for you. For both of you.”
"Weird," Sam grimaces. "Would it help or hurt your image of him if I told you he was researching the occult and demonology this time around?"
The only issue he has with this particular binding is that it doesn’t take very long for Castiel to finish it. Sooner than he wants, Castiel is taking a single step back to admire his work. He’s still within arm’s length, and though Dean wants to reach out to him, he keeps still. It must be pure instinct by now, but in this sort of situation, he waits for permission. For anything.
When they're done scrubbing the pans and loading the dishwasher, Dean takes Castiel's hand, gently tugging him away and towards the stairs. His boyfriend definitely follows willingly enough, but he can physically feel the tension building, as well as Castiel's quickening pulse under his fingers.
Footsteps heavy, he ignores the stalls and drags himself to the sink, turning on the hot water full blast. An inconsolable, irrational part of him doesn’t want to wash away the blood, but... he doesn’t want to think of it as the last of Dean’s life either, so he shoves his hands under the spray, anklet still clenched tightly in his fist, and he washes. Scours until his hands are raw, skin swollen and almost cracked.
He groans about that, too, but obeys and digs his prescription painkillers out of his exercise bag, downing the minimum dosage with half his bottle of water. Then he slides out of his chair with some difficulty to lay flat on his back on the matted floor. Lisa doesn’t let him get away with much the longer she works with him. Lately she’s threatened yoga when he gets stubborn since she used to be an instructor, and Dean would rather do literally anything else, so his self-preservation keeps him from arguing most of the time. Besides, when he’s agreeable and does the work, she gives him a cool down massage that would make the angels weep. She’s the whole package, and when he’s finished guided PT for good, he swears he’s going to send her a fruit basket. And a bigger one to Gabriel for finding her in the first place. But he will
Back in the bedroom, Castiel is still sitting on the bed with the rest of the clothes, though he's sorted most of them into piles by type. His expression doesn't change when he catches sight of Dean.
Castiel moans in appreciation, scooting himself closer so that their dicks are pressed into the hollows of their hips, which feels even more amazing. “We don’t want any fluids in the bath water.” Saying something like that should kill the mood, but Castiel’s voice is so low and wrecked that it still sounds sexy. “Also,” he continues, flexing his thighs and rolling his hips into Dean’s, “bathroom sex is dangerous.”
he makes a small noise of surprise and pleasure, and grabs Dean closer. As close as they can get. It goes on and on. Dean starts to urge them towards the stairs. They stumble together, trodding on each other's feet while Castiel's frantic lips leave a trail over Dean's lips, cheeks, neck. They attempt to remove each other's clothing, but that's too much coordination for the time being.
Castiel’s free hand tangles in Dean’s hair and jerks. “It’s unwise to get smart with me, especially this early in the day. I don’t tolerate brats.”
“Dean, I did,” Castiel insists roughly. “I keep tossing us off bridges instead of walking over them. It’s not fair. And it’s not correct. I know... I know you’ve told me that you don’t blame me for all of this, but that doesn’t mean it’s not my fault. Forgiving me isn’t absolving me of responsibility. Even if you’re okay with it, I’m not for my part in it. I’m working through it, but every time I think about it...”
Shaking his head, Castiel comes to Dean’s side of the bed, pleased when he scoots over of his own volition to make a space for Castiel to sit on the edge. He tucks his leg up to face Dean fully and hands him the case. “It’s not about that.” Tentatively, he reaches out and strokes the tips of two fingers over Dean’s cheek, down his neck, his beard soft. Dean’s eyes flutter closed briefly, and when they open, they’re warmer than they have been.
He collects the other two and puts them back on the nightstand. They settle again, both looking up through the skylight at the stars. Dean flicks the bedside light off to cut down on the glare. After several minutes he says quietly, "you can also tell me if you think I should take the other meds, too. I might not react too good about it, though. Sam gets an earful sometimes, but he's usually right. I just hate to admit it when I'm getting especially bad."
“Dude, if we can’t do this with what we’ve got, we’re worthless. Sam’ll be under watch constantly, and completely secure in the green room otherwise. It’s one guy who might not even show.”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees with a matching expression. “That and the fact that Cas and I decided it would only stress you out if you thought we were just fooling around and might break up. But it’s not worth the bullshit we put you through. We’ll do whatever you need to make it right.”
at. It's what he used to be famous - or infamous - for back in high school and trade school. What he'd given Sam advice about when Dad had been too gruff to have "the talk" properly. Hell, celibacy had only become a thing for Dean after his dad died, and sometimes he imagines the old man looking down... or up? at him and shaking his head sadly at his eldest son not out there chasing tail.
Castiel’s face scrunches with consternation when he can’t find the photo, passing his phone across the table to Charlie with a doe-eyed, plaintive, “I want it for my phone’s background.”
“So,” Castiel says with false casualness. “After you’ve recovered, and perhaps had a proper vacation, would you consider a lucrative job offer? It would require relocation from Texas, though.”
the soft wet sound their lips make when they come together again and again, his own racing heartbeat thundering through his ears, the crackle of saliva when he swallows hard. It’s disconcerting. And hot. He can’t help but let the guy have his way, because he’s never experienced foreplay quite like this. For one thing, they’re not stimulating each other in any other way, and yet Dean still feels himself spark with arousal. His hands cup Castiel’s elbows just for a point of contact while their lips move together.
Dean bites Castiel’s finger in silent retaliation, pours his own coffee, and gives his husband a level, unblinking scowl as he wanders towards the table.
blink pretty hard. And his subtly passive-aggressive greeting retreats back into his chest hard like a shot of bad whiskey.
He’d been screwed from the get-go. Classic absent father, unfit mother taking her anger at her husband walking out on her kids.
It’s too early to sleep, but Castiel folds down the covers on the bed anyway, gathering Dean into his arms, head against his chest and his steady heartbeat lulls Dean to dozing.
“Nothing,” Gabriel assures him. “Any more serious feelings talks and I’ll get hives. Take your time, anyway. You’ve got enough on your plate.” He’s the first one out of the car when Benny pulls into the grocery store parking lot, but he still doesn’t pull away when Sam takes his hand and doesn’t let go the entire trip.
Dean smiles a little at that. “I’ll do my b-b-best to d-defend my homestead in a way that d-d-doesn’t give you a headache. No promises, though.”
Sam likes this. He likes it so much that he doesn't care if Gabriel is lying to him about the flirting or what he does at the club or not. Just from being around him and hearing how he talks; seeing how he treats people on the whole, Sam's convinced Gabriel wouldn't cheat on him. He's far too caring of others, though he'd scoff at the accusation, and far too careless with himself to bother with something as stupid as infidelity. He'd call it all off without a second thought if he felt himself straying. And honestly, it's one of Gabriel's top five character traits, as far as Sam's concerned. He pokes and teases and acts the fool sometimes, but he doesn't play games with people's minds or hearts. That's a rare quality. And one for which Sam is reaping the benefits. At the very least, it's one major thing that won't ever trigger his anxiety.
It’s noisy and messy and Castiel can only sit back half the time and watch. It’s a marvel. He’d come to accept the Winchester family on some level, but he’s only really been around Sam and Dean before for any significant length of time. Just the two of them are enough of a handful, but they’re not quite as... overwhelming. Bobby they don’t see often, and it’s uncommon for Charlie and Gabriel to be around much in an unofficial capacity, so it seems as though the brothers try to make up for lost time in decibel levels.
Rather than dousing his libido with ice water, the mental image actually sends lava through his veins. Dean’s correct, of course. The afterimage of welts and reddened skin won’t look beautiful as it did before. Rather, it will look transcendent. Castiel swallows hard, and voice hoarse, croaks, “I’m... I’m okay with that.”
Gabriel grunts and coughs some more in response to Sam's elbow accidentally digging into his side. "Quick fucking fidgeting and it'll be fine," he protests.
“That’s a lot of lessons all at once, and really rich from a guy who’s already come,” Dean complains.
Castiel makes a noise behind him but Dean won't turn around to show him his smile. "Now, that is a wonderful sight first thing in the morning. There might be something to early rising, after all." He pauses. "Pun unintended."
Sighing, Dean tromps over to his brother's house and sits down on the other rocking chair. And he tells his brother everything. About the shitheel at the bar, the fight, the injury, and... Sam stops him. "You didn't try to get the jewelry back?"
Again, Castiel takes his time working into Dean. He doesn’t react to the new intrusion at first, but once the vibrator is turned on, he sighs softly and moves his hips for a more comfortable angle.
"Feels amazing," Castiel slurs with an audible gasp as his dick twitches against Dean's hip, easily felt through his thin pajama pants.
And then he’s leaving his job, his friend, his family behind, because Lucifer is on the run and Dean isn’t in his ear for the moment. “Dean,” he says gently into his wrist mic while he sprints to the elevator and smashes the button. “Dean, I need you to answer me.”
Castiel brings Dean's hand to his mouth, frantically kissing his pulse, palm, fingers while he waits for the tears to stop. "I should be able to get my Jeep down the mountain later. I'm taking you to the hospital."
He's also very thorough. He starts with a shampoo that smells faintly of apples, massaging it into Sam's hair with all the care in the world, but then his own haphazardly, rinsing them both off with the detachable shower head.
It probably won't be long. The certainty twitches in what's left of his soul. The instinct that knows death.
Gabriel doesn't seem a bit perturbed by this at all, in fact. He disappears for a minute and then he's back with a shallow plastic tub. "I'm borrowing this," he says to Charlie, shaking it.
"Loud and clear," Gabriel says, feeling strangely relieved. "I won't open my mouth about it since it's none of my business, buuuuuuuut..."
Castiel, oblivious, is putting the empty coffee cups on the nightstand. He turns back and squints at Dean, probably about to say something.
Castiel plants his hands on his hips, hanging his head. He’s got no hope of figuring any of this out without more of an explanation, but he also sees the inherent danger in digging deeper when Dean’s in this kind of mood. And there’s nothing that they can do about it on set. Carefully, he says, “isn’t it a good thing that they’re getting along? A friendly cast makes a show that much stronger. And if Ruby does well here today, she’ll be contracted for a few more episodes. That will be wonderful for her career. Sam sees the good in people.”
Benny shakes first, followed by Gabriel, and then Sam. Castiel can’t bring himself to move, staring hard at the doctor. Her smile is professional and sympathetic, but she doesn’t have the expression of careful resignation for receiving grief. Still, he doesn’t want to jinx it. Gabriel makes all the introductions of names and family ranks for him.
Just to be sure, once they're finished with lunch, Sam drags Gabriel along with him towards his next class, then redirects to a small scattering of pine trees behind the building. There he enthusiastically drives his point home by kissing Gabriel in the shade of those trees until they're both shivering with both desire and the cold.
He has to give into himself, doesn't he? Dean sidles up to Castiel. His expression is anguished, but his movements are like a seduction. Like he can't help it. Like he knows what he needs to do. "I'm sorry, Cas," he says, and it's sincere. "I'd hoped I could stop it. I'd hoped I'd be able to resist." He holds his hands out, palms up. "But I can't. You can't." He's devastated.
Sam leans his hip against the counter so it’s unavoidable that Castiel look at him. “Why haven’t you and Dean been on speaking terms? Or sharing a room? I’ve noticed you sleeping upstairs again. What’s the deal? What happened?”
“I need this, Cas. I really fucking need this right now.” He jerks Castiel’s arms higher against his back, and the filthy, needy whine the man let’s out makes Dean nearly swallow his tongue.
Dean chucks one of the many pillows that Castiel insists on, at his brother. “Wouldn’t give you the satisfaction, bitch. Why are you here?”
But he doesn’t because Castiel starts to smile. “Good.” He wraps his arm around Dean’s shoulders and guides him towards the family who are all huddled on the porch in front of the sliding glass door looking properly worried, though much less scared. Before they reach them, Castiel asks, “did you mean to shoot him in the leg?”
His mouth is really fucking dry. "Cas," he croaks, sure that he can be heard across the room even though the satellite radio had given up in the weather and it's quiet enough to make his ears ring.
"For her sake, I'll happily take on this lost cause," Castiel answers dryly. "But you've met my own family. My personality is a fluke." He rolls onto his back, grabs Mary, plants his feet on her stomach, and raises her up into the air like a plane, holding her hands tightly. "You're doomed!" He sing-songs to the little girl who screeches her excitement until her face grows red.
He sighs. Being poor sure breeds monotony in some areas. Whatever. If Castiel can't appreciate him for his sparkling wit and nice smelling hair, he ain't worth it anyway.
he says, "you can ask me whatever you want. Like... informed decision and all. Imma be real with you here... I want to keep going out with you. It's just... there's a lot on my side that you might not want. That might be me hoping for something that's bad for the both of us. But you need to know it. But I... don't really know where to start."
Sam guides them to the library, closing the door behind them. When he faces his best friend, his face is a confusing mixture of approval and consternation. “Dude,” he says accusingly.
"It's okay," Castiel says softly. His initial instinct is to hurry this along. Get what his body is screaming for. But Dean is... his alpha is... he needs him. Castiel reaches down, Dean unpins him willingly, and the omega takes his alpha's face gently in his hands. Dean makes a breathy sound, eyes closing. "I know neither of us have been in this sort of situation before, and we're probably way past the age where we should have had some practice, but it's okay." His thumb traces a bead of sweat rolling down Dean's temple. "I've been waiting for this since we bonded. I want all of it. Every part of your alpha. Do you understand?"
"This shirt is mine!" Castiel insists, hugging the pastel striped button down to his chest protectively.
Gabriel laughs as he finalizes the order on his phone app. "Yeah, I can see the appeal, but scraping up pizza sauce for the better part of a month ain't worth it. Just barely, but it ain't."
like it's nothing at all? Like it's good? Like it's so good that it's morphed into being important? He doesn't know what to
"I always did well falling back on stereotypes," Castiel says, shame faced. "I apologize for that. My whole life has been predicated upon class separation. I never even thought about it until I met you."
"Dean dumped me," Castiel grates, throwing his phone to the foot of the bed and not quite mollified enough by Gabriel's peace offering to calm down fully.
He can’t stop his descent at this point. Baby is doing what she’s supposed to be doing, and slowing down so that he can slide off of her back and onto the steer. Seems okay, but...
Sam high fives his friends, and they race to claim their spots. There are more drinks, a bass drop, and Sam grabs a pair of drumsticks, staring down at the swirling mess of red, purple, blue, and green paint resting in the pan of his drum. It's going to be a disastrous mess. He hasn't been allowed, or allowed himself to, make a mess in
Dean swallows every drop, then slowly pulls off, savoring Castiel’s oversensitivity. He’s grinning, lips swollen and shiny with saliva. He strips off the glove and crawls up Castiel’s body until they’re curled side by side.
In an almost invisible movement, Castiel places his palm over Dean’s lower back. He knows when to expect the sound and the fury. Dean tenses under him, but doesn’t otherwise move.
"You don't wanna know until I'm bathed and changed." Sam shrugs and makes a show out of not touching anything as he ambles out of the living room towards the stairs.
"That's why I don't do it," Dean laughs. He shoves the pan into the oven and then turns around, resting his hip on the counter. "You gonna be okay tonight or am I gonna have to text you to make sure you're still alive?"
Castiel makes a tiny keening sound, shoving his tongue deeper into Dean’s mouth, jerking his hips down, forcing Dean’s finger past his rim.
It takes Sam three whole minutes of stupor before he can shake it off to start his quiz. He glances down at his paper, mind absolutely blank. Oh, God. His first grade back in school is going to be an F. He'd studied this! He'd fallen asleep twice studying for this! He knows this!
"It's okay," Sam assures him. "Getting a handle on what the work is actually like for you PhD types is pretty interesting."
“This won’t work unless you both are in complete agreement,” Cain points out. Dean huffs through his nose. Castiel nods. “What’s brought this on? You haven’t had a joint session in a while. And in your separate sessions, it hasn’t seemed like either of you has been ready for this step yet.”
“That’s why I’m asking you now,” he says moodily. “Your brain won’t be functioning enough to come up with a bunch of elaborate lies.”
Dean turns around and gets out of the cafe like he's gunning for first place in the hundred yard dash.
Lethargically, Dean gets moving, trudging after Castiel to the bathroom and slipping into the shower behind him. He drapes himself over Castiel’s back, kissing over his shoulders, soaping up his arms for him. “You feel good this way, too,” he murmurs, just barely heard over the rush of water.
Dean knows he won't win this. Not like he wants to. He craves Sam's help with the same tenacity that he craves his rituals. Slowly, he drags his hands out from under the hem of his hoodie and holds them out.
Normally, he’d be pissed that he woke up for no reason, however tonight, he’s struck with a wicked idea that inspires him to carefully slip out of bed without waking Dean, make a trip to his bedroom, and return to Dean’s welcoming arms with his sleeping lover none the wiser of his departure. It takes him a long time to resettle. He shifts back to his original position, but it’s no longer comfortable. It’s hard for him to unwind again. Loosen his muscles. It’s not enough just deep breathing. He kicks his feet out, rubbing them against the silky-feeling high thread count sheets. The jitters won’t go away. He should never have left the bed.
Thankfully there are no heads around to turn because of the very uncool shouting. Dean stuffs his hands into his jean pockets and stares down at the floor. Which is very clean because boring afternoon and all. "Hey, Cas," he says quietly.
The tiny laugh still feels forced, but he appreciates the levity. Meg’s incredibly good at deflecting premature grief.
that way!” Castiel insists. “You’re too impulsive and I’m too conservative and Sam is kept safe because of it!”
Too bad he's got way too much time to mull it over during class. It's not quite far enough into the semester that he'll be teaching a class by himself yet, but Nick has him administering another reading quiz. There's no point to it, and Gabriel is far too wise to ask him what he wanted to miss class for.
"Cas," Dean gasps, snapping back to himself. He didn't realize his breathing had become so ragged, and not in the good way.
“You might have a broken arm,” Dean argues, standing on Sam’s bad side so he doesn’t bump into anyone accidentally and jar his arm worse.
Castiel glances around the largely empty parade grounds instinctively, even though he’s fairly certain he won’t spot her. “I have no idea, but I’m heading towards the stables now.”
"I'm not," Dean protests. "Man, I've been living with this since the jump, and you don't even know. My brother, my therapists... dude, they all made it sound like some fan-freaking-tastic idea to put myself out there some more. And I bought it, paid in full. But here I am giving you the rundown, and I can
is already generating a lot of buzz thanks to the “sneak peeks” of production photos. By the fifth week of filming, a teaser trailer has been released for the pilot, and the social media accounts jump with likes and followers.
Sam yanks at his collar one more time for good measure. A hand reaches up and touches his fingers, stalling his fidgeting. Sam grabs the fingers and clenches them tightly, a little gratified to find them slightly damp. He brings Gabriel’s hand to his mouth, kissing it and then settling them at their sides.
Castiel smiles slightly in agreement. "He'll never change. That aside, I didn't expect you to go for someone so young, though."
Dean barks a laugh. Then it softens his whole face. His whole being. "I'm falling for him, Sammy. Like, a lot."
Sam agrees since they have weird shit like salads and baked potatoes, too. Sam needs actual vegetables every few days or he acts like the world’s ending. Frankly, Dean can’t understand the appeal.
Castiel laughs, deep and throaty and the sound sends pleasant chills up to Dean's scalp. "That, too."
Castiel doesn't start crying, but his voice is pure, abject misery when he says, "Dean, I hate this house because it's thwarted my every effort to ask you on a date for
But a shadow passes over Gabriel's expression, and the TA sits up straight again, not quite scowling, though definitely not smiling anymore. "Sometimes I do, too, my man. Which reminds me... Nick asked about you."
“No, but I’m scanning these and starting one that I’ll update on the shared drive. So far we’ve found thirteen letters all dated within three days of each other, but there might be more. The shipment today is just from this week. We’re still searching earlier stacks. The signature is always, ‘your loving soul, Lucifer.’ Super creepy, right?”
Heart breaking, Dean kisses back, holds Castiel close like a vise, seals their lips together. His whole being sings with his poisonous song to have Castiel. He doesn't want to do what he has to do because he knows, in his very bones, that he truly does love this man. He takes a step backwards. Castiel goes with him willingly. Another step. Castiel clings around his shoulders. Dean tenderly strokes up the back of Castiel's neck. His other hand secured around the human's waist. One last step, and they're both tipping backwards into the freezing black water.
Castiel readjusts the pillow enough so that only his mouth sticks out. “You talk too much. If you’re not here to raise my endorphin levels by giving me a blowjob, or those ten cups of coffee, then what’s the point of you?”
. It was just him and me, and it was the worst thing ever. I mean, I can’t imagine what it would have been like if I’d had to deal with it alone.”
Jack shrugs. “Nothing, really. I’m just glad you’re getting back to work. Everyone misses you, so it’ll be good for morale.”
And by the end of the night, Dean already knows how thoroughly fucked he is. The realization comes on slowly during the dinner and conversation that goes on and on until closing time. Then it creeps up more as they walk together through the local park, unwilling to go their separate ways just yet.
. He’s done. There’s no fucking winning! And there’s no fucking outlet! His arm sweeps out to destroy something. He needs to hear something break. Make something shatter. He’s inches away from his foot charger resting on the bed when his movement is abruptly halted.
Dean takes it without thinking. "Sam buys it. He loves all that research shit, so he knows all that crap about what's the best, and won't cause cancer or whatever he's worried about."
Dean’s head tips back with his shiver, exposing his neck and urging Castiel’s mouth down further. “Yes,” he hisses. It’s been so long since either of them have been in this headspace. And before they’ve even begun, Castiel can feel the rightness of it.
“Exactly.” Castiel leans forward, elbows resting on his knees, heat building in his groin, hardening him further. “Do you like it?”
Dean snorts. “Not like I’m gonna turn my nose up at the finer things in life, such as quality leather works, but you do realize that pic has about five
Dean chuckles. “Was kinda scared I’d g-g-get punched in the face. B-b-but you’re really hot when you sleep. Unguard-d-ded. I think ab-b-bout fucking you all the time.”
Fuck, but it feels right being in Castiel’s arms again. What’s confusing him, though, is Castiel’s hesitation. He’s not unresponsive, but he’s also not as enthusiastic as usual.
“Won’t happen with all that hippie hair you got,” Dean returns, finally starting to smile for real. Satisfied he looks the part of a groom, he turns. “Thanks, Sammy.”
Thoughtfully, Dean pulls his cell phone out of his back pocket and palms it. He should talk to Jody about this. In the interest of this big life change with Sam returning to school, she hasn't pushed him out of his comfort zone too much. It took her a year to get him properly into the cafe without someone there with him. Of course, that had been the first big step he'd taken. And the first step is always the hardest. Since then he's been able to visit other places with Sam or Jody, but nothing ever sticks. He can't even go inside the grocery store. But he can, at least, order groceries and go pick them up.
Grimacing, Sam loads two slices of artisan bread with meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and a generous amount of spicy mustard. “How many interviews have you guys gone through?”
Take a few breaths. He can do that. That's not hard. So he does that. Listens to the industrial heater churn on and hum through the vents. Thinks about. About all of it. Searches for a time when he
“I looked up Dr. Barnes. She’s literally the best trauma surgeon in the country; one of the top in the world. She knows what she’s talking about. I know she’s right. You know she’s right. You’re just worried about how Dean will react. But... he can’t make any decisions right now, and even if he could, he’d probably be too stubborn to save his own life. I’d rather have you do it, anyway. Dean wanted it that way, and I agree with him.”
Castiel comes over to the bed and sits on it exactly how Dean is. Before that, he points up. "I love that you have a skylight. It must be soothing when the stars are out, or when it's raining."
He picks it up off of the bed in his right hand, palming the handle. It’s... sturdy. He sifts the fingers of his left hand through the thin leather strips that end in small knots. They feel surprisingly soft. He recalls that one time years ago at that highly rated strip club Sam had taken him to after he’d passed his FBI field test.
Gabriel laughs again and then coughs into another stack of tissues he's magicked up. "Well, get used to it because if he decides to like you, he'll be doing the same to you if we decide to have slumber parties."
Wow, that gives him anxiety, too. It's too much to think about all too soon. There's enough on his plate. All he needs to do is plug away, work on it slow and steady, and not have a stress-induced heart attack before graduation. Even with a scholarship, education is expensive. He can't waste all that money by dying before he gets his degree. Things will calm down. Things will even out. He'll get there. He just has to keep moving forward and grow accustomed to the new normal. It'll happen. It always does. Then it'll be better.
Donna's eyes narrow in that weird way where Dean can recognize that she's angry, but he still can't convince himself that she knows how to be real person mad. "Have you talked to Jody about this, because OT is her bag, and this is exactly what she's for. Do you wanna be a defeatist or do you eventually wanna smoosh faces with this guy?"
Dean makes a small considering noise. Mulls it over for a minute or two. “Okay, yeah, I guess I can see that, but that fic on your phone? Dude, that was
acted on the roof. Cas gave me a huge dressing down about it, and I backed off of him. But I wanted to clear the air with you, if that was possible."
Castiel closes the door and sidles up behind Dean, digging into the tight muscles on his shoulders and the back of his neck briefly. “Yes, you do. To me you looked quite calm on the whole.”
Dean rolls onto his side laughing even harder. He tries a dozen times to say it’s fine, totally fine, but he can’t get the words out through his laughter. Castiel has toppled off of him, and Dean moves towards him. “‘S’fine,” he manages eventually. “Just l-l-low on b-b-b-b-batteries.” He sits up and finagles the foot off, sliding it to the oak chest at the bottom of the bed so that it doesn’t accidentally get broken.
"SOS" has always been a full scale cancellation of any plans on the schedule, no matter what they are. No negotiations. Then the abbreviation for the reason, this one being a panic attack. Finally, a standard 1-10 suffering scale, and whether or not he needs help.
Dean may not have that long, especially considering Castiel has no clue how much time has already passed. But his attention is arrested again when a wet, choked off gasp punches from Dean’s chest and then he goes unnaturally still.
“Good enough,” Rufus says. He pulls the keys off of his belt and unlocks the door. Before opening it, he says, “remember. Look, but don’t speak or touch. You’re on, Henriksen.” He pushes the door open.
Despite the weird vibes Tyson gives off, Dean finds himself amused by the suggestion. “Sure,” he says.
too close. Foolishly, his hands raise up to block the impact, but it’s worthless. He knows that. His eyes slam closed, and in the heartbreaking moment before impact, he tries to picture that day at the beach – it feels so long ago now – where he and Sam and Castiel were smiling in the sunshine, knowing beyond a shadow of a doubt that it’ll be the last thing he ever knows.
As much as he knows they need to rest between their shifts in order to stay at full capacity, Dean ignores it for the time being. Castiel sleeps deeply in his arms, and Dean grabs his com off the nightstand, stuffing it into his ear. “Jack?” he calls quietly.
Dean’s feet hit the floor hard, and he leans over the desk mirroring Jody. “I can handle it, Sheriff,” he says slowly, enunciating every word. Then, at his normal cadence, “it’s just that Sam has too damn many fans. It would’a taken us weeks to identify even half of them with our limited resources, and this Lucifer guy ain’t gonna wait around that long. We think he’s already been to the set. I need to know his face. You and Bobby have the resources to help this go a lot faster. And I trust you.”
"Yeah," Sam breathes gratefully. "We both got help and things got better. It's just him and me, so." He trails off, shrugging expansively.
Gabriel arches his back with a sigh, kissing Sam, biting his lips, murmuring endearments onto his skin.
"I'm not necessarily trying to convince you to change your mind on anything," Donna promises. "If you don't want my opinions, that's cool, too."
"It's always a failure when I get his bad," Dean mutters, staring at the top of Sam's head instead of looking at his ruined skin.
“You didn’t have to,” Dean answers, pretending his voice is so tremulous because he’s still slightly tipsy. But when Castiel’s face falls, he rushes to add, “I love it. Love you.” He rubs the back of his neck. “Y’know. I mean. I wanna wear it. For as long as you want me to.”
Donna's face lights up like it's Christmas morning. Jody appears far more reserved, but Dean's known her long enough to read her smirk. "Did you want his number?" she asks.
Sam had trailed with them the entire time and when Jody had asked Sam what he hoped could be accomplished with the occupational therapy, Sam had surprised everyone - including himself - by saying that he hoped one day Dean would be able to let him have his own private space again to do with and organize as he pleased.
The spotlight fixes on him, and Dean’s hands sting from clapping so much. Sam hugs Dr. Sexy, too and Dean will never forgive him for that, but that pales in comparison to when they put on a show for ratings -
Smiling at Dean with something that looks suspiciously like fondness, Castiel says, "when I was younger, I would have made fun of you for how many 'red blooded American man' stereotypes you fit into."
A hand touches his arm and he startles. Another nurse with kind eyes is giving him a questioning look. She might have asked him a question that he didn’t hear.
With a final hard pat to Dean's arm, Sam is released and scrambles to his feet. "I can't believe you can still do that. It's so gross."
Ash pounds Sam on the back and then drapes an arm casually over his shoulder. "My dude, the party don't start until the guest of honor arrives. Shall we?"
Sam eyes his brother. "Is this you being over protective, or does it really add to your anxiety that much?"
Dean’s eyes remain closed. The blood streaming from the wounds on his face begins to slow, and not from clotting.
A metaphorical Mac truck hits Dean in the chest. It punches the air right out of his lungs. Carefully, because Jody Mills would kill him if he spilled anything, Dean sets his coffee cup into the holder. Voice weak even to his ears, Dean says, "he's just the guy who makes my daily coffee."
"Your humor in the face of it. Or perhaps it's the fact that your shoulders are up so high they're almost touching your ears."
Dean feels itchy going through someone’s room without their permission, but he shrugs it off and continues on his mission. If Castiel hadn’t wanted him to go through his goddamn room, he shouldn’t have been a jackass and taken off like an angsty teenager.
Dean’s grip tightens of Castiel’s hands. “The crowds. Mayb-b-be I’m not read-d-dy to d-d-do this yet.”
He scowls at Dean. "We're paying a lot for my education. Thought good grades would be the best way to pay you back."
Dean's lips press to the back of his neck, exploring and tender in their small nips and bites that help sate his alpha instincts to claim even though they're already bonded. "Bet we could go on for hours in one sitting being synced like this."
starting to come back slowly. The ache in his legs from being turned at an awkward angle. Arms throbbing with how tightly he’s holding onto his brother. Throat burning with unshed tears that still refuse to unstick in his throat. Sam’s are enough for now.
He hates this particular invasive thought. They're all bad, of course, but they're old and familiar. That makes them easier to push through and will away. But this one with the smell of old fire and ash and Castiel splayed out dead... it's new, and therefore extra terrifying.
Sam shrugs, starting to back away from the door in deference to Castiel’s embarrassment. “I like Wyoming. Just... I hope you make each other happy.” He gives a little wave and turns before Castiel can say anything in return.
Dean is the first to whoop and cheer, followed by the rest of them. He’s also the first to pelt them in the face with rose petals as the newly married couple makes their way back down the aisle to end the ceremony and open the reception.
The second time that Bobby asks, he must see something on Dean's face because afterwards, he makes up some lame excuse about closing shop early, and sends Dean home. And as much as Dean wants to protest, he's too busy running for his life.
Dean tosses his shirt negligently over his shoulder. “Guess I have a reason to do laundry and pack now.”
Castiel’s eyes widen. “I don’t think so, no. Why? Has someone said something to you? You are better at reading people than me.”
Sam's silent for a minute, looking like he's about to say something either profound or something to annoy Dean, but then his expression clears and he sucks in a deep breath and lets it out like his whole body is shrugging. "I think that's reasonable." And then miracle of miracles, leaves it at that.
your safety! Even I know about her! It takes a lot for me to have any interest in the private lives of stars who aren’t you, so you can imagine how much coverage has been made of her missteps that I’ve become aware of them.”
Dean can't explain why the look makes his throat tighten, or why the lump makes him lean forward slowly to kiss Castiel. The doctor doesn't move except to tilt his head a little. The kiss is as wet as they are, and just as clean.
The scandalized look on Castiel’s face is enough to send Dean into another peal of laughter. “He’s my
“Which sounds like an uphill battle, considering what you said she’s like with sentencing,” Victor says.
"I brought plenty of beer for that," Dean agrees. "All right, me first? If I'm a second late to anything, I'll have a coronary."
“Sorry,” Castiel says, finishing off the mug of coffee in a flat minute. “I’ve never been a morning person. I don’t wake up well. It’s so confusing to go from sleep to awake. And horrible.”
Castiel's grin goes sheepish and he slides off the car, Dean with him. He gathers the blanket and wraps his around his shoulders with a shudder. "I'm really sensitive to the cold," he explains, and sneezes.
The guy blinks down at Dean's hand. Probably notices the bitten nails, cracked cuticles, and calluses. "Castiel," the guy says. He doesn't shake hands. He just nods once and then leaves.
Castiel draws up beside Dean, and Dean reaches over to take his hand to pull his attention. "For real. You only have to talk about what you wanna talk about. I won't get upset if there's stuff you can't say."
Castiel sinks to the foot board, perched on the very edge. He pats his knees. “Over here. I’m going to open you.” His legs are hanging far enough off the bench that Dean can easily scoot over and drape his torso across Castiel’s knees. Once he’s situated, Castiel asks, “would you like to remove your foot?”
Gabriel stretches up, just shy of rising up on his toes. It's enough to get to ear level. "I've got a condom for that," he murmurs.
The timer dings and Dean gets up this time to retrieve the bread. "Go ahead and toss the salad, unless you want the dressing on the side."
“I appreciate it,” Sam answers with a warm smile since Dean isn’t so obliging today. “Thanks for going out of your way.”
you. And they would have hated us. Together. How good we were.” His lips curl into a hurting smirk, and the chuckle sounds just the same. “It would have been the best thing ever. Seeing their faces alone would’a been...” He shakes his head. “But you were so good for me that I started to be less of a dick, and that guy who signed you back in the day? I don’t recognize him anymore.”
Another order. Castiel bends to it. Until he reaches the waiting room. There are a handful of first responders in there, huddled together with preemptive, “I’m sorry for you loss” faces that Castiel immediately beelines away from. Unfortunately, there’s nowhere else to go.
"That's true," Donna says. "And I can tell ya thought a lot about it before accepting. But plenty of people go through college and beyond just fine without taking on internships. Is this for an advanced degree? Are you planning something else if you don't get into law school later?"
Dean laughs at that and he laughs hard. He swipes at his watering eyes and shoots Castiel with finger guns. "So, you're saying you like my car."
Cain raises his eyebrows. “So, you really did go through with it?” When Dean nods he asks, “what’s the status on that, then? I’m getting some mixed signals, I suppose.”
Castiel pulls Dean tighter, and Dean turns into his side willingly, kissing Castiel’s shoulder. “I want to burn those divorce papers,” he admits weighted by the certainty of the truth. “I never even want to think about them again.”
"And I said..." He covers his face with his hands, groaning. "Christ, Sam, I told him it didn't matter and I'd just get a new one."
“More than a pat on the shoulder for comfort, but probably less than needing to get blackout drunk,” Dean guesses.
“Don’t worry about it,” Sam says, sitting up and leaning his elbows on his knees. In that moment, he looks supremely down in the dumps, and Castiel really
“There’s a waiting room around the corner,” she points behind the nurse’s station. “The surgeon will come speak with you as soon as possible. Please wait there.”
“I need a moment,” Castiel answers. He’s alarmingly unsteady as he leaves the room, and the ICU altogether. He stops in front of the elevators, peering at the directory. He’s looking for the cafeteria, but redirects at the last minute and hits the button for the third floor. He doesn’t need food. He needs peace. Maybe he’ll be lucky enough to find it before he loses himself completely.
? This tiny thing can’t possibly hold everything. I’ve never seen them all, but I always assumed he had, like... enough guns to arm a desert cult compound.”
Dean arches an eyebrow. Pointedly looks down between their bodies where both of them are obviously hard through their jeans. "It's already late and I wanna have enough energy to fuck you."
"Cas, there are some times when vegetables are necessary." Castiel snorts. "Okay, fine, that one time."
Slowly, as if in a trace, Dean leaves through the back door down through the grass, the moss, towards the dock. He stares out at the water, letting it sing to him. It's so familiar. Soothing and hateful.
"No," Castiel gripes. He drops his arms with an angry sigh. There's no use hiding it all from Dean. He's far too curious now, and Dean Winchester doesn't let up once it's piqued. "It's my wings," he says. "They haven't been groomed in... well. A very long time. They've become uncomfortable."
Dutifully, Sam and Castiel follow her no-nonsense gait down the hall to an empty waiting room directly outside the entrance to the ICU, Benny and Gabriel hanging back. By some mutual telepathy, they decide to let Sam and Castiel hear the news alone first. Dr. Barnes guides them into the room, shuts the door, and motions for them to sit.
But there’s no time for apologies. By pure instinct they’re running towards the source of the chaos, fixing their clothes and their radios. And what they find is Dean’s worst nightmare. Or damn close to it. There are a lot of people running back and forth, but he zeroes in on a small group huddled next to a gym mat, all still like the eye of a hurricane. Dean bodily shoves a few people out of the way to find Sam sprawled on the concrete next to the mat, clutching his arm, face screwed up with pain.
Sam looks pained. “It’s Ruby, isn’t it? He’s pissed I got to know her after I told him I didn’t want to play his publicity game, and now he won’t get credit.”
Dean turns his face up towards the ceiling. The panic welling up his windpipe makes it really hard to breathe, but he does his best. He arches his neck as far as he can to give himself more literal breathing room. Then he plants his tongue on the roof of his mouth. Takes in as much air as he can into his lungs. Holds it. Pushes it out through his mouth. He does it again and again until the panic slowly, slowly, begins to burrow back down into his core. Less and less. This isn't that bad. He can handle this. He
“If anything happens, I’ll let you know.” As soon as Dean is out of earshot, Castiel pulls out his cell phone and texts Benny.
Castiel stands a respectful distance from his mate, leaning back against the table to assess how bad the mood is. "Dean, please tell me what's wrong."
Later, when filming resumes, Castiel turns his radio back on. Dean can see him across the parking lot set, but only barely. He’s standing well apart from everyone, wandering the edges of the cordoned off area. “I’ve been thinking,” Castiel says casually over the mic. “When we first negotiated this between us, you said to me, ‘let the punishment fit the crime.’”
Dean shakes his head, coughing a laugh, "because I love you, you idiot. I didn't want you to die, so I gave it all back to you."
Immediately, Castiel's breathing increases and he throws his arms around Dean's shoulders, putting his weight behind it as much in passion as in being unable to fully support himself from the slightest exertion.
Dean startles, head whipping around to see his best friend as she tries to get comfortable on the metal bleacher seats. He hadn’t realized he’d sighed out loud. Again. “Do what?” he mutters, because he’s supposed to. She’ll go off anyway, so it’s better to just prompt her and let her get it over with.
“Well,” Castiel says magnanimously, “we do have a tight work schedule. There are limited dates for a proper wedding, if we want to have one.”
Castiel makes a pleased hum in his throat. “Don’t distract me yet. We need to exchange gifts, and I’m really excited to give you yours.”
It’s not artistic. In fact, it looks a lot like a safety harness that people use to go rock climbing or parachuting. The ropes are bound around his torso right under his belly button, crisscrossed around his ass and under his groin muscles, finished off by two loops around his upper thighs. It’s all dangerously close to his balls so he worries for a second, but then discards it because this meets all the rules of the scene. It’s not in a place Lucifer could even accidentally see it, won’t permanently injure or scar him, and it hurts. Castiel has only tightened the harness enough for it to be in full contact with Dean’s skin and not slip out of place, but it feels like he’s being poked with a thousand pine needles. Almost like sandpaper on sunburn. Add that to the worry of it chafing the family jewels, and Dean can’t stop from tensing.
Victor must like what he hears, because by the time they’re done, he says he’ll review the case some more and interview Dean once it’s feasible. By the time he leaves the precinct, Castiel only has enough time to order room service back at the hotel and take a short nap. But it’s enough. He hasn’t got the hang of staying away from the hospital without itching.
The first time Bobby calls for him to do one is before lunch. Dean had been so wrapped up in the tire change he'd been doing, that Bobby's voice yelling his name had nearly made him jump out of his skin. And then it takes him almost as long to prepare to do the oil change as it does to actually do the oil change. His hands shake the entire time and he can't stop calculating over and over in his head how far behind his meticulously planned time he's getting.
Gabriel faces Sam again, and only hesitates minutely before slipping it over his knuckle. “This ring is a symbol of you and me proving ourselves and already having proved ourselves to each other. I love you to Heaven and back, and that’s the long and short of it.”
He’d make a comment about Castiel lounging around like some god of decadence, but his mouth is too busy watering as he strips him of his boxers, greedily watching his cock bob up towards his stomach. Shit, it’s a fantastic view.
Castiel swallows the thickness in his throat. His patience can only last for so long, as understanding as he’s trying to be. “I don’t think I am,” he says testily. “It’s been a week. We need to at least open a line of communication.”
Castiel gets out of the chair, approaches Dean, and sinks to his knees before him, peering up at him in supplication. It makes Dean’s heart skip a beat. “I cherish those intimacies because I never dreamed I’d have more of you that no one else can. But no matter what you give me from here on out, I’ll still cherish them.”
“Don’t,” Castiel commands. He grabs Dean’s chin. “You will take what I give you and nothing else. Do you understand me?”
"Thank you," Castiel says beaming with pride. He pulls down two mugs. "We're really not going to be late for anything?" he asks before pouring.
to life, and gives Dean something calming to look at instead of the person he's forcing himself to have an incredibly uncomfortable conversation with presently.
“‘Course I am,” Benny says with a friendly scoff. “I’m all southern charm. Guys like us? We’re gonna be just fine.”
“You can pick it up,” Castiel says. “Feel the weight and form of it.” He stands beside Dean, fully clothed and not touching. “I can arrange different punishment if you’re still uncertain.”
Needled by Castiel’s babying, Dean gripes, “don’t take that tone with me while we’re on the clock. Ain’t gonna work.” He sips his coffee petulantly.
Castiel laughs a little. "You're right about that. Gabriel... in strictest confidence, I didn't have sex with Dean. Neither of us are at that stage yet. I'm a slow mover when I'm in an actual relationship, anyway. That won't change no matter who I'm with."
Sam pokes his head out from the living room. “Of course I know that,” he says moodily, “but I’d rather have
For real, it’s like an action movie where the mentor or Mafioso presses a button and suddenly every surface flips over to reveal about a million weapons in every size. That’s what Castiel has. Only the shelves don’t flip. But there
“Why not?” Cain prompts when Dean seems unable to come up with anything, and Castiel continues to contemplate the carpet.
At least he hopes he can now that they're in his room with the door closed. "I haven't manifested my wings in a very long time," Castiel warns hesitantly while carefully removing his jacket and shirt.
Jack is wonderful during their excursion. Sam’s bags are loaded and they’ve made a full circuit of the entire sprawling market in just under two hours. They’re waiting near the apple stand where Sam is examining nearly every piece of fruit, stepped back a little, when Jack asks out of the blue, “does Dean hate me?”
It’s nearly three hours of noise when Castiel’s voice crackles through the radio. “I can see the end of the line.”
He unlocks the suite’s door, and pushes it open. “If you need anything at all, please pick up one of the phones and dial zero, three. That’s management’s extension. We’ll see to all your needs.”
"Most of them are based on practicality, though, not mental issues," Dean smiles back. "Want something to drink? I'm gonna have a beer."
out publicly as being bi, but it’s a well-known secret. I mean, I’m pretty sure he hasn’t made an announcement only because everyone already knows and hasn’t asked for a statement. Plus, it’s probably not completely random. Lucifer’s brother had to have mentioned something, even in passing. Thinking Sam was handsome, or his favorite actor, or any sort of admiration. That would do it for someone who is a strong homophobe. Even more so if the homophobia stems from his own denial.”
Castiel’s trepidation at being left alone with Dean claws in his chest. The doctor won’t be back until tonight, he has no idea how long Sam will be gone, he’s guilty enough about not doing his job to guard Sam out in public, but he also can’t stand to think of Dean alone in this room, awake or not. So he stays. But there’s still a persistent itch. He’s screwed up enough. He can’t do it anymore. He stands and grabs his cell phone, almost slamming into the nurse entering the room with a rolling cart as he tries to leave.
She stands and shakes hands all around again. Then to Dean, who still belligerently refuses to look at her, says, “see you on the flipside, Winchester.” Then she’s gone and Dr. Barnes is back with a couple nurses to prep Dean for surgery.
Sam nods sleepily a few times and then shuffles away. Despite the bravado, injury and work combined with no down time is really taking its toll.
he needs to take a dig at Gabriel before the end of the day. Sam's only surprised that it hadn't happened sooner. "Got it. Thanks." Finally, with that, he's released and escaping down the long, echoing hallway and into the fresh air.
He feels a bit stupid, but it makes him smile. "Smooth move, Dean," he murmurs before unlocking his own bedroom door slipping inside.
Unperturbed, Jack answers, “It’s three thirty, and I don’t have any parents. But thanks. Bobby’s been great training me so far!”
Beaming, Castiel unclasps the anklet and slips it over Dean’s foot. “I won’t interfere with your hardware, will it?”
Brady takes his seat at the head of the table and calls them to order. “Thank you all for being here promptly and doing all your homework. After reviewing your statements and everything, we’ve got an airtight argument to keep Lucifer Pellegrino in jail for a long damn time. Judge Tapping is also the best case scenario here. She’s tough, but she’s excellent at getting the right people in jail and keeping them there. Her big career goal is to eliminate excessive and wrongful sentencing, at least in her jurisdiction down here.”
“Hello, Sam,” Castiel greets just as casually because it seems like the proper thing to do. “Has Ms. Cortese left?”
The smile he wears, carries him all the way back to where Jody is leaning against her car. "Success?" she asks, but she doesn't need to because she's smiling as big as he is, completely relaxed.
“Why would I b-b-be jealous?” Dean scoffs. “Getting married is weird and awkward enough. Having the paparazzi around would only make it worse.”
They arrive back at the courthouse with a half an hour to spare the following morning. Dean can’t explain the tension, but it’s there.
Grimacing, Dean says, "yeah, I get it. Trust me, man, I don't wanna go there again either. So, just lemme stock up on Vitamin C and Clorox, and it'll help."
Dean opens his eyes. The distress he finds on every line of Castiel's face is awful, but he's so sincere. He's trying so hard. "It's okay," he says.
It’s almost comical how Castiel is so surprised at being included that his eyes pop wide and he almost fumbles his glass of orange juice. He agrees so quickly that he starts stuttering himself, and Dean feels even more like an ass for causing this sad turn in personality for his husband.
He crosses his arms behind his back, chest puffing, icy blue eyes sweeping around the room again. "There are biweekly short reading comprehension quizzes. My TA proctors them and teaches on those days. I've taught him everything he knows, so he'll answer your questions. Don't waste the opportunity."
Castiel swallows audibly. Now that the tidal wave of emotion has come back to him, it won’t be controlled. It’s this or losing his mind. He holds his hands up. “Please,” he continues much more softly. “Please, doctor. I appreciate what you’re trying to do, but
"Yes," Castiel answers shortly, finally giving in and reaching over his shoulder to scratch, though the incessant itch can't be cured by scratching.
He trails back up the stairs, unbuttoning his dress shirt on the way. It's been a shitty day. Shitty week. Month. Year. He's tried everything that he can think of to make it better. Yoga had been a good idea for a time. But after a while he couldn't empty his mind enough to really focus on the relaxation part. Meditation had been the same, though it's had the fringe benefit of making him last longer when Dean is torturing him with all the pleasure he can possibly stand.
With a huff of exhausted laughter, Castiel answers, “I have more. Don’t worry. You’ll have everything you’ve wanted tomorrow.”
Dean actually chuckles at that. The poor women will probably remember this encounter for the rest of their lives. Sam hears his laugh and shoots him a shit-eating grin.
“This is really amazing,” Sam says, perusing the collection like he’s in an art museum. “I wonder how many of these actually still work?”
to apologize for, man. I invited you here, started this whole... thing, and now? Aren't I giving you whiplash or something?"
“The felony charges are piling up,” Henriksen says, sitting behind his desk and pushing around his files until he finds Lucifer’s profile. “Attempted murder was good enough to push it over the edge. Plus, the fight over jurisdiction actually helped make this a federal case, since his felonies crossed state lines.”
Dean is silent for such a long time that it inspires Sam to glance over his shoulder from his post at the stove, but Dean isn't angry or shut down. Just thoughtful. He shakes his head with a wry shoulder tilt. "That's just wishful thinking for me. I'm not the kind of guy who people want forever with." And for the first time in a long time, Dean kind of regrets that. And to avoid that can of worms, he downs the rest of his beer and silently watches Sam cook.
“Awesome.” Brady glances down at his cell phone. “All right, it’s go time. They’ll be calling us up in a second. I’ll be with you guys every step of the way, so no worries!”
The crowd pours to Dean first, welcoming him back like a conquering hero. None of them react at all to his icy return of their warmth.
“He’s never been distant with me like he is now. At first, sometimes he even made me uncomfortable being so freaking
“Sheriff Mills is waiting for us at the station,” he says as calm as he can muster. “They’re collecting witness statements at the moment. Sam and Jack are there.” He pauses to scroll further. Winces. “Charlie is there, too. She says she flagged a relevant email this morning, but...”
Dean swallows hard. They can’t stop this without making a scene, but it was never part of anyone’s plan to out their relationship. Especially not on national television on an entertainment show that millions of people watch. Jesus. This was his plan. It’s going to be a mess. Beside him, Castiel stands stock still, staring hard at Sam. Dean’s eyes slide over to Gabriel and Charlie on the other side of the set who both look like they’ve just seen a ghost.
Gabriel brings his coffee over to his laptop. “Time to set up the guest list! Mazel tov, you two. Now quit making moon eyes at each other, and get to work.”
Dean lets him have at it, since there’s no stopping him anyway. “I th-th-think we should-d-d hire Jack full t-t-time. If you’re cool with it, I wanna t-t-t-talk to Sam ab-b-bout it.”
Dean nods. He allows Castiel to guide their hands down to rest on his thighs. Castiel stops there. He keeps his muscles loose, breathing deep and even. He realizes that this is incredibly difficult for Dean, despite the fact that he’d asked for it; despite the fact that he wants it.
Castiel gasps in response and then his fingers fly to get into action. He undoes the clasp for the sling, only letting their bodies separate far enough to slip it off of Dean’s arm carefully. It gets added to his belongings on the table. He deftly undoes the buttons on his shirt, only to get stalled when it won’t fit easily over the cast. His kiss-swollen lips press into such an unattractive pout that Dean laughs.
Sam clears his throat, clutching his award. “Wow,” he says, every bit the shy and awkward kid Dean remembers. “Um. Thanks, guys. I, uh... I know I sound like everyone else, but I’ve been dreaming about this since I was a kid. I went to school for a plan B, but luckily, I never had to use it.” He laughs a little. Sighs. “It’s been a wild ride.
famous people he’s met. Then again, in the True Crime fandom, of which Castiel Novak is a card carrying member, Bobby is freaking legendary. If Dean hadn’t known him as a surrogate father, he probably would have been acting the same way.
Castiel smiles wryly. “It never does with you, that’s the problem. I feel as though I often lose my objectivity.”
It may be the exhaustion, or it may be the fact that he hasn't made a friend in years, but Sam discovers that he doesn't mind it. It's refreshing, in a way, to talk to a complete stranger who just wants to get to know him from the ground up. "I dropped out because of family problems and... personal stuff," he says boldly. "But I got help for me and my family, and now I'm back."
Cain grins like the Cheshire cat. “No, I think we’ve done enough of that. How about instead of feeling sorry for yourself, we talk strategy?”
Castiel does his patented whole upper body eye roll. “Yes, thank you, Gabriel. Dean and I have already discussed our poor timing, and we’ll take the heat when it happens. I apologize for your sex life, or lack thereof.”
"That's good," Dean smiles. He turns off the griddle and brings his creation to the table. Castiel follows with the eggs and bacon shortly thereafter while Dean digs out plates, glasses, and silverware. "I'm glad it all worked out."
An incredible squint takes over Castiel's handsome features. "Thanksgiving's this week, right? I... apologize if I assumed you weren't going home. But since you were here... Oh, and I suppose you might not even go to Tech, even though you're wearing a hoodie from... um... well."
Jack laughs. “Good call. And really pretty. Is there anything else you need from me before I go to bed?”
“There’s a prayer meeting tonight after the opening ceremonies down in the west tents,” she says pityingly.
"I'm proud of you." He releases his mate, giving him a saucy smack on the ass. "Now get moving. You've got a plane to catch."
"I go to all the home games, but I hate football," Dean rushes, hoping that his mouth will be faster than his embarrassment so that his doesn't waste this rare opportunity. "It's boring and straight and just a stupid sport that people make millions for that they probably don't deserve. I go to watch you. I've always gone to the games to watch you. I just... man, Cas, I know I sound like a freaking fanboy right now, and you can totally run away screaming, but like... you're hot and you're amazing at what you do. You're the only reason I bother to watch football."
Dean used to be really good at making lists. He'd made them to keep track of all of the chores and things he and Sam had to do as kids. He'd made them for groceries, school assignments, medications, everything. He'd been the official list curator since back in the day. And after he'd started treatment for his OCD, he'd made lists about that, too. It had been one of his most early compulsive behaviors, and had taken a concerted effort to break. Sometimes he still gets caught in the cycle because it's not like he can completely give up the behavior. It's a compulsion, sure, but it's a useful one. So it becomes a tightrope walk of learning when reasonable becomes too much.
Though Sam would be content to sit all night sipping a drink and watching his boyfriend perform dance club miracles, the music makes him itch to move after a while. Charlie and Dorothy find their way to the booth after a time, and for the first couple rounds of drinks, content themselves to laugh, paint the bare wall beside the booth, paint each other with neon blacklight paints, until they're satisfied and ready to add to the din over at the paint drums, which Gabriel graciously grants them access to with an exaggerated wink.
It’s indescribable. Dean’s lightheaded and blissed out, and he doesn’t even care if he gets off or not because this is perfect. Everything he needs.
Dean grabs the folders. All his repairs for the day. Maybe the week depending on how involved they are. No surprises. Bobby lets him make his own schedule and prioritize the projects for two reasons. First of all because Dean's been around long enough that Bobby trusts him. Second of all, because Dean wouldn't be able to function unless he was able to control this much. It's no hardship on anyone, though. He gets the work done.
“Frankly, I was expecting Stark Industries,” Castiel notes and Dean laughs. “Can you blame me? They’re turning people like you into the bionic man.”
He's just handing Gabriel's whipped cream monstrosity over when a voice to the side calls out, "Sam Winchester!"
"They're not," Nick agrees, grin starting to morph with a bite. "I mean, lots of this stuff is mired in Christian beliefs and stuff, but you're right on the money. Occult. Or more specifically, demonology."
Castiel frowns. “That’s a very uncharitable thought. How would you feel if you were in his position and the most trusted people in your life admitted they’d been lying to you for months?”
He's more focused on the silence, anyway. He knew times like this would happen. Sam was going to make friends, go to parties, stay out all night. That's what college kids do. Dean doesn't want the guy to not have those experiences, but that thought doesn't make them easier to deal with.
Cain sits forward in his seat. “Are you more worried now than you were then, even though you knew of the potential threat in advance both times?”
“I should have said something well before kissing you,” Castiel says guiltily. He shifts his weight from foot to foot. “Better late than never since it’s happened, though. I do apologize. What I meant before is that I would enjoy being in a relationship with you, however, speaking from a sexual standpoint, I have different needs than more conventional people.”
Castiel takes both of Dean’s fiddling hands in his. Squeezes a reassuring, if trembling, pressure. “Dean Michael Winchester, I’d like you to agree to marry me,” he says in a thick voice.
Dean sits back on his hands. “Yeah. Well, Dad died and I became a cop. Figured it would be a better way to find the guy who killed Mom rather than just chasing ghosts. At least with a badge, I’d have plenty of resources.”
“I’m so sorry,” Castiel murmurs. It’s worse than he could have imagined. On some level, he knew that the Winchester brothers had a much different childhood than he’d had. But he’d never dared to imagine the truly terrible reality. “Can I... can I ask what changed? You eventually came to California and changed your life, didn’t you?”
Dean is on the bed tapping away on his laptop. He barely glances up when Castiel enters. “What?” he asks shortly.
Dean drops to his knees. "You were right." And without preamble, he takes the head of Castiel's gorgeous cock into his mouth.
Pulling himself up to his full height, Dean takes a firm step closer, steel in his green eyes. “I don’t fucking care.”
Gabriel climbs straight back into Sam’s lap, looping his arms around the man’s neck and hanging off of him in a rather alarming dip that has Sam bobbling his juice in order to steady his hands on Gabriel’s back so that he doesn’t fall. “You’re so romantic, darling. A prenup just for me? To make sure I’m not just after your money?”
Castiel makes a tiny noise and sweeps his tongue into Dean’s mouth, though it doesn’t linger. He favors small, teasing tastes that do a hell of a lot to ramp up Dean’s anticipation. He finds himself helpless to do anything besides let Castiel direct them. He’s high on the sensation, floating and light and so horny that under normal circumstances he’d have already been touching himself or rutting into the hollow of Castiel’s hip, but for some reason, the gentleness that Castiel shows him makes it all bearable. Almost unimportant. He’s rapidly learning that Castiel is an absolute pro at keeping him honed in on
"Thank you," Castiel murmurs when he's finished, unconsciously reaching out to drag Dean against him. They don't do this often either, but Dean is good at going with the flow. He makes no comment as he settles into Castiel's arms to listen to the grandfather clock tick in the living room.
"Sam's worried that Dean's going to have some delayed reaction freak out after the fact. I told him that it probably would have already happened if it was gonna, but... y'know. I gotta look out for my boyfriend, and you gotta look out for yours. I'm not saying we betray any confidence here and share trade secrets, but... we might as well be brothers the same as the Winchester demigods."
Dean stares. And he keeps staring. Bites his bottom lip. It feels incredible. The pleasure centers of his brain light up with a million colors and hundreds of sensations. The wet heat around his dick, the hot water pounding down onto him like a waterfall, Castiel pumping himself as he bobs his head, faster and faster.
Castiel leans against the stall door and slides his legs out, heedless of the hay and dirt he’s getting on his pants. He looks almost mournful. “It’s that what you’ve thought about me all this time?”
A huge breath out deflates Dean, head hanging now. "I thought... I thought it'd be okay. Because you're
Once everything has settled down, Sam accepts the award and steps up to the podium. Dean sits down with everyone else, heart and eyes full. He’s actually feeling pretty forgiving tonight.
"Literally everyone on this campus will agree with you," Charlie assures him as Sam holds the door open for his friends. They drop into line at the coffee stand.
Dean reacted so strongly the other day, but the why isn’t important at present. There’s definitely more to it than just what was in the short email. The how to make it better is what to focus on right now. If and when Dean decides to speak to him again, they’ll work on the why so Castiel doesn’t risk something like this again. It
"I'm incredibly nosy. If you get evasive, I'll press until you lock me out of the house or hang up on me and block my number for twenty-four hours."
Castiel stares at his guileless, generous best friend. “I would,” he says softly. “Sam, do you believe in God?”
"Fantastic." Groaning, Sam dives down. Dives for the door handle. Throws them both across the threshold.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says with that peculiar smile he’d worn a time or two the day before. “Good morning, Baby.” He puts his hand out and Baby noses right into it affectionately.
“I didn’t see much of him at Stanford, but I think Sam’s right. Brady graduated at the top of his class. Everything’s in order.”
It’s a strange sensation. Overwhelmingly pleasant, but with a lot of pressure still behind it. Almost like he got half way through a sneeze before it stopped. It makes his legs spasm around Castiel then lock tighter.
“Just for you,” Castiel rumbles, gyrating his hips to move Dean’s finger around the silicone stopper.
Fitfully, he flops over onto his back. This is getting him nowhere. He needs sleep. He can't concentrate when he's too tired. He kicks off the covers and starfishes onto his back. Then he closes his eyes and practices the measured breathing technique Dean was taught to calm down. Gradually, he physically begins to relax. His muscles unclench and he sinks into the mattress. His head's still a mess, but at least he isn't so agitated that he can't find a single comfortable position.
Dean lays still on his back. A dark pool of blood spreads from the back of his head, face mangled with broken glass and abrasions. His left leg is jacked at an unnatural angle, and Castiel can’t even process the thought that the ankle and foot look too flat.
Gabriel picks the paper up again and slides it to the bottom of the stack. Like a treat for later. The essay will probably be better than 90% of the others. It'll be well thought out, though not particularly fun to read. It'll be to the point and matter-of-fact. Exactly the kind of writing that will serve him well in law to make up for his lack of creative rule bending.
Gabriel scoffs, jerking his hands away and huffing with a beautiful pout. "Shut your gorgeous mouth, you piece of shit. I open my heart to you and you
Dean pushes up onto his knees, straddling Castiel and stroking over his chest. “Because I have a present for you, and I also made you b-b-breakfast.”
There’s a knock on the door and it opens before either Castiel or Dean can answer. Tyson Brady is the first one in, followed by Victor, Cain, and Lisa. Castiel and Dean stand to greet them while Brady goes immediately to the back table for coffee and a cranberry muffin.
"No," Dean answers, tiredly. "I mean, I can fight it. That's what the therapy is for. But the intrusive thoughts... they'll always be there. Some days I can fight it, and deal with it. Other times... the consequences aren't worth it. The thoughts... they just win. I believe 'em too much."
“I understand,” Castiel says wryly. “Frankly, I’m as surprised as you are. I thought you’d punch me and tell me to go to hell.”
He hesitates around the breathing tube, careful to not so much as brush against it, but he won’t. He won’t fail again. His hands are steady as he continues on the right side of Dean’s face, shave, rinse, pat dry, repeat. “I’m trying, Dean. I really am. But... I’ll always blame myself for this. The truth is, we had an SOP set up for this exact scenario, and I didn’t follow it. That’s a fact. In times of crisis, no one wants to place blame, but once things calm down... it’s me. We’ll write up the accident report, and the mistakes will be mine, and mine alone.”
Castiel arches an eyebrow at his husband through the mirror. “You’re fully aware that I’m thirty-nine. Why are you suddenly acting ignorant of that fact?”
Castiel groans delightedly. “Ah, Dean,” he whispers into his sweat-dampened hair. “You’re incredible.” He drags their fingers through the mess on Dean’s belly. Dean’s abs tremble and he whimpers. “It’s okay. You’re okay. Lean against me. Let me have it. I’ve got this. I’ve got you. Whatever you need.”
Sam's eyes practically bug out of his head. Also understandable because he and Dean have only touched when Sam needed to help Dean bandage his hands, and only then after washing his own thoroughly in front of him. "Really?"
"One, Sam'll be fine on his own. He's an adult and can get himself to classes and cook himself food without my help. Two, Bobby has plenty of people to help out at the garage when I can't be there. Three, this is a legit sick day. Your fucking stupid, intrusive, piece of shit brain, is sick again." Donna would take away a lollipop for the self-deprecation, but it induces a fierce sense of control in Dean sometimes, so he rolls with it when he's by himself.
"Yes," Castiel says severely. "And then I asked you to go bowling, but you repaired the doorbell instead."
Dean scoffs. Castiel laughs, which surprises Sam. “Dean,” Sam says primly. “Did you lace the coffee with something? I don’t wanna be one of those stars who gets a reputation for drugs and bad lifestyle choices.”
Though the oddly charged moment is broken by Baby, who has suddenly taken a turn for traitor. She bites the brim of Dean’s hat, strips it from his head, and tosses it to the ground. Then she shoves her neck between them, forcing Dean bodily out of the stall lest he get stepped on.
So he’s not fully oblivious after all. In that case, Castiel relents. He gestures and they both make their way to the table to sit down. “I get that impression,” he admits.
“Fine,” Dean answers. “T-t-took some re-learn-n-ning, b-but it’s mostly sp-sp-speech problems now. Gettin’ b-b-better, though. Seiz-z-zure risk, b-but I’ve never h-had one.”
Sam rolls his eyes even harder. "What do you think?" He steps aside to unblock the stairs as though he's issuing some kind of challenge. He nods towards the curtains. "Up to you," he says. "Second door on the right."
Castiel chuckles. “I completely disagree.” He massages Dean’s wrists for a moment to soothe them, though they hadn’t been secured tightly enough to hurt. Dean leans in for a sloppy, uncoordinated-in-the-afterglow kiss. Castiel laughs into it, so very happy.
As he’d been doing the whole time, Dean tries to focus on the task at hand. He makes the best goddamn burgers ever. But he’s horny and restless. And for as little bodily contact as he’d had after their brief interlude first thing in the morning, Castiel is becoming pretty relentless in the afternoon. He stands close when Dean preps the food, not moving when Dean needs to get past him so that they brush together lightly. While Dean’s tending the stove top grill, Castiel painstakingly traces each of the diamonds on his back with a single finger. He pauses only to help slice tomatoes and wash the lettuce. Then he brings them to the table by passing by Dean again and brushing his hand over the back of his neck, making goosebumps rise over Dean’s skin.
Dean huffs. "Well, if he can't get his head outta his ass and see how awesome you are, then find yourself someone else."
Dean is out next, and he immediately shuffles over to Benny to stay out of the way as much as possible. Eyes only. He doesn’t like it, but it’s the best option, and he’d agreed. He’ll do his damn job. Nonetheless, he clenches his cane tightly.
Sam takes her word as law and falls asleep quickly on the couch when Castiel refuses to leave Dean’s immediate vicinity for the time being. But watching his husband breathe easy and regular, eventually lulls him to sleep as well, resting his head on the bed next to Dean’s finally untied arm, and he doesn’t wake during the next round of nurses checking Dean’s vitals, despite the uncomfortable position.
With a bit of difficulty, Dean scrambles out of the tub, looking quite like a drowned cat with his sopping clothes dripping all over the floor. “This was not the best idea I’ve ever had,” he says sheepishly, wringing out his shirt over the draining tub while Castiel goes to the cabinet to get them towels.
Sam didn't want to say it. He didn't want to believe it. "It's not just you," he assures his brother. "Honestly? It feels like I just... like I can't let go of it when it happens, y'know? Even after the thing that stressed me out is gone, the feeling stays. And yeah, it's been piling up, I guess."
With a wry smile, Castiel says, “he is. But that doesn’t stop feelings of hostility and inadequacy. I’m sorry, Jack. I can speak with him.”
Castiel’s lubed dick slides between his thighs, shoving against his balls and the underside of his cock almost painfully.
"Even if it's predictable?" Dean asks, a thread of unease curling through him. He's okay with teasing, and he's okay with people thinking they know everything about him judging by what they find on the outside. It's deliberate, anyway.
It's easy enough to invite people, at least. They all seem to have mutual friends, considering that yet another ex of Dean's - Benny, and his partner, Balthazar, who Dean only sort of likes, take up the rest of the cul-du-sac. Well, with the notable exception of the bank-owned eyesore on the curve across the street. They all take turns at least cutting the grass every now and then so it looks more run down and less haunted.
Dean locks away everything. His heart, his power, his truth, his wishes, and he kisses Castiel hard and deep.
Her words do manage to set Sam's mind at ease somewhat. He's never been the type of person to think the worst of people, but assessing every eventuality is important right now because it could be his grades at stake. He's not going to sacrifice his GPA for anyone. Least of all some hot TA with a "fuck it all" attitude. He wants to think the best of everyone. But he's not sure that he can afford to.
Castiel’s mind boggles. Now he understands even less than before. Dean can’t possibly be serious. “I’m sorry, what? How is any of this your fault?”
. He works his fingers over each toe in turn, digs into the arch, and too easily turns Sam into a 6'4" blob of jello.
It occurs to him that Castiel hasn’t truly seen the aftermath of the amputation for any extended period of time. Just the once when he’d helped clean it. Dean himself only looks at it to bathe. It’s not that he’s repulsed by it, but thinking about it or looking at it too much makes the phantom pain worse. The mirror therapy helps when Lisa does it, but there are always occasional flare ups.
Dean reaches up towards Castiel's face, and then aborts the movement halfway. "Why? Cas, what's going on? Why the change of heart?"
Castiel, rather than admonishing him, makes a pleased hum. “It’s amazing how sensitive you are. I’ve always wanted to take my time fingering you. See what I can do to you this way.”
Grinning, Dean says, “yeah, the only thing you need to fit in better here in Texas is a pickup with a gun rack.”
Meg barks a startled laugh. She points at Sam. "I like you. At any rate, I help with the library relocation, but I got better shit to do, so the rest is in your hands. Nick'll be back in a few minutes, so until then, just start with that stack in front of you and alphabetize by author. Organizing is pointless because Nick'll never put anything back where it was, but he'll also yell at you if you don't try, so." She shrugs expansively. "May the Force be with you."
Castiel walks over to Dean. Leans down questioningly. Dean tilts his chin up. The kiss is light, but meaningful. “I’m okay with whatever you are,” he answers. “I’m on your side, Dean.”
“I get that,” Dean muses, “but what about those days we’ve both had to be up at five or earlier to get Sam to the airport, or to an early call, or something?”
“On a scale of one to ten, how do mornings fare for you now?” Dean asks, guiding Castiel under the waterfall to rinse off.
They don't leave it there. Dean's been dreaming of this exact scenario for most of his, admittedly short, college career, and Castiel is touching him like a man given new life.
The symptoms from pining sickness can last anywhere from hours (for scent compatibility) to years (for the sudden loss of a blood bond). It depends on the person and the bond, though severe pining sickness usually only lasts a matter of days or a week (if treated) before symptoms begin to improve.
He doesn’t, but he’s an excellent actor, so he pretends. But only after whispering, “thanks for being here for me.”
Castiel casts a bemused look over all the food. “I actually thought you’d all be traditionalists for the holiday meal.”
Castiel is near to snapping in indignation, but Dean’s first to the punch, and he merely says, “yeah. I’m D-D-Dean Winchester. This is Castiel Novak.” He nods over his shoulder.
Castiel presses their bodies together. Splays himself on top of Dean. "It means I'm happy doing this for you. Because I love you. I want to be with you. Because I love you. I am blessed to be human and live a single life with you rather than eternity. Because I love you. And I want everything from you. Because... I hope... that you..." He slides his fingers out and Dean keens high in his throat.
Gabriel jumps a mile, whipping his head around. "Dude, we need to get you a damn bell! What are you talking about?"
He pats the books that he's just set down. "These and the ones with you already sorted. Just put them alphabetical by title. I'll start making other mountains and you can do those. Once we're settled, we'll
Which he does begrudgingly. He’s starting to get antsy now that his head is clearer. He complains about the stitches itching. He complains about the shitty options on the TV. He complains about his healing body hurting worse than when he was at his most injured. He complains about the therapy and the medications and the fact that his brain won’t connect to his mouth properly, though the more sleep he gets and the more he heals, the better his speech becomes. Cain has been charting it during his speech therapy sessions, and there’s been a steady, but small, improvement.
The fates are on their side and Benny gets them to their destination in no time. “Good news is we’re staying right across the street from the con hotel.” He points out the window to indicate the tall, circular city landmark. “They’ve got a back entrance from our hotel that’ll be good access close to the green room.”
And once he's dressed in Gabriel's choice of outfit, he definitely looks the part of a suave, flirty man, and not a nervous wreck of a hippy coffee shop owner. They can all just ignore the pink that's refusing to leave his cheeks due to the fact he can't stop himself from imagining kissing Dean good night.
They are terrible. Castiel's face hardens to a neutral deadpan that he has perfected over the years, rather than a look of absolute horror that fights ever second to make itself known.
Then finally after a recess for lunch that Brady buys for all of them, it’s Castiel’s turn to give his statement. He doesn’t stand on propriety, kissing Dean full on the mouth in front of everyone before following Brady to the courtroom.
“No shit,” Dean mutters, turning back to his eggs. Breakfast, at least, he still understands. He hopes. He pokes at his hash browns carefully. “And you two are okay with this?”
"Latchkey kid here," Gabriel clarifies with an odd sort of pride. "I got tired of boxed mac and cheese after a while and Casanova's mom cooked the best shit."
Dean sucks in all the air that his lungs can hold and then lets it out in a wheezing sigh. He’s humiliated to discover how close to tears he is.
It’s getting easier to look directly at Castiel and have a conversation with him, Dean realizes suddenly. Doesn’t hurt that the man’s eyes look mighty nice in the morning sunshine, bluer because of the shirt he’s wearing. “It’s a fault of your birth,” Dean says lightly. “Kinda the same for a lot of us.”
Castiel methodically begins to undress Dean, starting with his tie. “Surely you know by now that I’d only be capable of leaving if you told me to.”
"Everything sucks," Castiel mutters to himself. He dives into the back of the closet, hoping for something appropriate that he'd simply forgotten about over the years. Suit! There's a dark blue suit still in the garment bag, pressed against the back wall. He drags it out with a grunt of effort and hangs it on the back of the door. Too formal? Likely too formal for a drive and stargazing.
Dean remembers that first kiss and all the others for so long afterwards, he's amazed by it. Through recovery, texts, the flu, the weather changing, and now. Now he's trying really hard to stop remembering it as he drives the Impala up the longest driveway he's ever seen right at sunset. He's happy. He's back to the scene of the crime, and he's goddamn happy. He's happy because the sun is setting behind the sprawling cabin-that's-still-not-a-cabin, and waiting right at the top of the stairs is a beaming surgeon who trips on his feet running down to meet him.
He scrambles until he’s facing the headboard. He bends over, resting his cheek against the pile of pillows, elevating him and steadying him so that he doesn’t topple over without the use of his hands. He spreads his legs, arches his back, putting his ass on display.
Castiel’s stern expression eases to satisfaction, like he’d been hoping for a clean report, too. “Very well. If you need pain, I’ll administer it an hour after dinner. Does that suit you?”
“I specialize in trauma therapy now, but I started in speech therapy, so I believe that I am equipped to help anyone in your family affected by this event, if you’re amenable.”
jeans - while Castiel goes for his. There's a great deal of wiggling and grunting while they figure out how to get rid of the layers while trying not to separate too much. But the top layers prove too huge an obstacle, so Castiel slides back into Dean's lap, jerking forward until their dicks thrust together.
“Eh.” Dean shrugs. “I’d much prefer it if you greased all the wheels and shook all the hands for me. Hate that shit. I’ll do the fun part.”
They tumble into the unmade sheets, immediately turning towards each other. Dean wraps himself around Castiel shamelessly, leeching his body heat and silently begging with his body for the return of tender hands on him everywhere where the lack of ropes has left him bereft.
Dean snickers, Castiel’s eyebrows go up, and Sam laughs. “This isn’t a debrief, Jack,” Sam says. He glances between his brothers. “The three of us have agreed that you’d be a great fit here in a full time permanent position, if you want it.”
Dean scoffs, turning his face away, muscle jumping so hard in his jaw that it looks like he’s chewing on a rock. “Sure.”
Castiel stares hard at his husband. So desperately yearning to be his sub right now. He’s saying it’s okay. “Green,” Castiel says calmly. He straightens his shoulders. “I’m happy to do a scene with you, as we’d been planning, but you need a clear head for it.”
Jody slides her foot out, not so subtly kicking Dean's ankle. "Your family loves you, yes. But why can't someone else outside the bloodline, too?"
"I'll work on it," Dean answers, shocked into immediately agreeing because no one's ever been so direct with him right off the bat.
will do in an enclosed space for a few hours with Dean. He’s ashamed that he’s not comfortable around his husband right now, but it’s the nature of the beast. He doesn’t know how to treat the man anymore. The things he thinks are right, are now wrong. Dean is volatile, and the last thing he needs is for a well-meaning attempt at helping to backfire spectacularly. What worries him more is that Dean is incredibly good at reading him, and he doesn’t want Dean to think that Castiel’s recalcitrance is because of him. It’s not. Not totally. There’s just too much going on with too little time to fully process. But Dean surprises him by backing down after a minute. “Fine. C-c-an’t st-st-st-stand the pain.”
"No accounting for taste," Dean says, lip ticked up. "I have plenty of friends worth throwing off the roofs of buildings, too."
Dean loves making it difficult, though. He barely wastes a minute before he’s rolling his hips up, moving Castiel inside of him. They both moan. Dean’s hands clamp around Castiel’s forearms, and he doesn’t look away while they move together.
Castiel tilts Dean’s head towards him and kisses him gently. “You’re welcome. So, how’s your foot? Can you walk?”
Unabashedly, Sam peeks around Castiel’s shoulder into the room. “Had to see for myself it was really true,” he grins. “But since Dean wasn’t sleeping in the stables with Baby, I was intrigued.” He thrusts his offerings forward and Castiel takes them. He steps aside to let Sam in, but Sam holds up a hand. “Don’t worry, I’ve leave y’all to your morning after. I was just making sure.”
Nodding, Dean says, “and now we’re having a serious discussion about you slapping me around during sex while wearing a Zorro mask.”
It's nice when Dean's stubborn alpha hindbrain takes over this way when he's still too sleepy to think straight. "You're the one stopping us," Castiel reminds him gently.
Naturally, he only realizes he’s doing it when a muscle in Dean’s jaw twitches and he glances away towards his brother.
Once finished, he adds, “these ropes need to be tight enough that they don’t slip, but not tight enough that you can’t breathe. Take a deep breath.”
Sam prides himself on his empathy most of the time. But not this time. "Are you trying to look that pathetic, or is it natural?" he asks.
The audience laughs and cheers, and there’s a snort over the radio. “Could have seen that coming,” Castiel says dryly.
Gabriel's head whips up. He blinks. Is he so depressed that he's suddenly hallucinating his desired outcome? Is that a thing that happens? "Uh. Sam?"
"You smell good, too," Castiel purrs, running his fingers through Dean's hair, scratching lightly at his scalp until Dean huffs a moan. "Which is nice, since we smell mostly the same."
Chuckling, Dean says, “you probably won’t get it as bad. Plus, once he calms down he’ll realize both of us are in it for the long haul. Maybe that’ll be less stressful.”
Dean’s blissed out grin is something to behold as he offers out the box of tissues to clean them with. “Okay?” he asks lightly.
One of the set medics is beside him, gently helping to brace Sam’s arm and get him up since he didn’t hit his head. A stunt coordinator explains, “he took the jump off the platform too far. Overshot the landing.”
. Dean cracks his gummy eyes open. Glances to the side. Castiel is plastered to him, arm thrown over his chest, stirring a little as he resists waking, as usual.
Slowly, Dean’s frozen features begin to thaw. A beatific smile creeps across his face. “Castiel James Novak,” he says in an even more shaking voice. “Kiss me right the fuck now.”
Beaming, Missouri holds both of their left hands up. “Y’all did great. And I can tell you that you are going to be happy for the rest of your lives together. As a couple, and as individuals, you’ll add your own strengths to this family. And you can start right now. By the power vested in me by the Lord Almighty and the State of Texas, I proclaim you married husbands with all the rights that union grants. Congratulations.”
Sam keeps nodding away at the floor, but the tears aren't fought for long. At the first drip, Dean reaches out and grabs him, pulling him to his chest and hugging him roughly, pounding his back a few times. "It's gonna be okay, little brother. We'll make it okay. You hear me?"
Gabriel scoffs. "The world's all sin, and you're suffering an acute case of pride, if I'm not mistaken."
Dean’s eyes narrow, and a bubble of brief panic settles into his throat. How? How in the hell? There’s no way Gabriel’s figured it out of nowhere! Right? He keeps his face carefully neutral, saying nothing.
Castiel willingly trails along. Screw his run today. Dean is plenty able to help him burn enough calories with cardio, just in a much more fun way.
Sam physically startles. This is not where the conversation was supposed to go. His heart slams in his chest. "You... what?" he croaks.
“We’re keeping Sam out of it, for now. Charlie’s been compiling everything for a police report, and Sam’s manager knows a little just so he can stay on the lookout. Cas thinks it’s as serious as I do. He told me to call you right away.”
"Nothing!" Gabriel exclaims, partially insulted, though there's precedent for the accusation. When Castiel merely raises an eyebrow at him, he says, "I'm serious, Cassie. The guy told me out of the blue he thought that I was hot, and then he just bolted!"
Chuckling, Sam reaches up to cover Gabriel's hand with his own, peeking up and resting his chin on the table, which is only marginally more comfortable. "You're surprisingly great at pep talks."
He takes stock of himself in the bathroom mirror, looking rested for once, worry lines less pronounced. “Don’t talk yourself out of this,” he lectures his reflection.
They’re back to the hospital quickly, just as Dean’s finishing up a post-surgical exam from Meg. Castiel stops in the doorway, surprised by how... well,
Then again, that’s the point. He’s in the wrong mindset. It’s not a contest. Castiel doesn’t want him to fail. What brings him the most pleasure is Dean’s success. Acceptance. Compliance. Dean sighs, releasing the tension in his arms, settling. The pleasure is intense, but he can make the race for release secondary. He can do anything for Castiel. The buzzing under his skin begins to abate, and he keeps his eyes on his Dom.
Cain nods. He’s silent for a minute while Castiel sucks in several deep breaths. Finally he asks, “why at me? We’ve only just met.”
that has Castiel squinting at the TV in confused consternation. He’s windblown and harassed and drops the grocery bags to the small table by the window with more force than necessary.
Once again Castiel realizes he’s overstepped common decency and is staring too much. “Apologies,” he says sheepishly. “I saw your light on, and got curious since I haven’t seen much of you today. But... it’s late, and I need to shower, so we can talk at a more reasonable time.”
Gabriel has his arm on the table, palm turned upwards. "No one's holding you hand, yet. Wanna fix that?"
"Not when they're goddamn crazy." He's trying not to be angry. Anger at his mental illness isn't going to change anything. In fact, most of the time, it just makes everything worse. Worse isn't the right direction.
, too. It's been so long since Dean's even attempted to bring someone else into his life. Too many complications and unknowns. And not only is he considering it now, he's got a specific someone in mind. Someone he wants to date. It's amazing.
“I feel like I need a permission slip to be in here,” Sam mumbles, tip toeing into the room behind his brother.
Dean smiles. “Why are you so hesitant? Is it because people might notice somehow? Like, dancing and hugging? Sam and Charlie are real huggers, so...”
On an intellectual level, he realizes that being a full time student, full time breadwinner, and full time caretaker is far too much to ask of any eighteen year-old, but he still doesn't think that literally and figuratively abandoning his brother and the rest of his responsibilities to do Oxy in Ruby's bedroom should be excused. He could have cut back on his classes. He could have told his advisor or the counselor what was going on. He could have -
Castiel draws in a breath. He hasn't seen someone like this live in a very long time, and the man hasn't even started singing yet.
One hand leaves Sam's hip for a moment. There's a beep on the wall, then perfectly heated water is pouring over their shoulders. Sam would be startled, but for some reason, it feels like a natural progression to the making out.
And the coffee is excellent as always. More with the company to go along with it. It also helps ease him into the rest of the date. He'd been physically shaking when he'd shown up at the cafe, hands stuffed into his pockets to that no one would notice the trembling. But it had worried him that Castiel would find him standoffish, when in reality, there's nowhere he'd rather be than here. Which is kind of a startling revelation, considering his normal mental state. Of course, it helps that they're in a kitchen, and it looks immaculately clean and up to code.
His relief morphs to surprise when he discovers his safe room is already occupied. “Gabe?” he says quizzically. He’d thought the man wasn’t even at the house since he hadn’t shown up when the food was ready. Far be it from Gabriel Milton to actually refuse a meal normally.
For the moment cleanliness is important and then deciding how to spend his evening. He smirks a little as he passes Sam's room. Back when they were teenagers and Dean's mental illness hadn't achieved its fully aged bouquet, they would sabotage the shit out of each other when one of them wasn't around to guard the homestead. Dean fondly recalls some epic stunts ruining Sam's toothbrushes and adding a bit of danger to his shampoo. These days he wouldn't go in someone else's bathroom for a million dollars, but at least he has the memories.
. You can’t even hold his hand. You can barely look at him. You’re sitting there, stewing in your own juices, blaming yourself for Dean almost dying.”
Sam kisses him briefly once more in confirmation and begins to make his way over. He needs to pee, anyway.
Maybe because he's getting sleepy, Dean doesn't even think before saying, "hot doctor? Hot surgeon? How the hell did you end up single?"
At lunchtime, Castiel grabs Dean by the collar and guides him back upstairs. He takes one of the mildly abrading ropes and wraps Dean harshly into a full upper body harness comprised of dozens of knotted diamonds from collar to waistline, back and front. His arms and legs are free, so there’s no risk of cutting off too much circulation to Dean’s extremities. Castiel makes a point to tie tighter than he usually would. Deep breaths take some work, and the knots scattered all over Dean bite into his skin like tiny bee stings.
Thankfully, Dean's hands begin to wander again, this time towards his skin. Towards their erections.
"Oh!" Hearing the whole story slots all the puzzle pieces into place satisfactorily. He picks up his coffee again, sipping thoughtfully. "He told me nothing when I saw him leaving. All he said was that he wasn't sneaking out in the middle of the night."
“He’s your husband,” Jack points out, like that’s the only reasonable explanation. A month ago, it would have been.
Castiel’s eyes widen. He hadn’t thought of that in this scenario. Dean had been under sedation and medications keeping him sheltered from the cold reality for weeks. He’s still on heavy duty pain medication at home, but nothing as strong as he had been in the hospital. He’s trying to get back to a normal sleep schedule, and weaning off of as many of the medications as he can. He hasn’t been as clear-headed as he is now for three weeks. Castiel has, though. He hangs his head in shame. “I’m such an idiot.”
Sam is the unluckiest brother in the world. He has the literal worst brother ever. Dean Winchester, at his core, is just a big 'ol piece of shit. But two can play at this game. They come from the same stock, afterall. "Too bad," Sam sighs. "You used to have game, and now you're out of the running after four hours. That sucks, man. I really feel for you."
Dean sinks into his seat. “Why are you sud-d-d-denly so willing-g-g-g to tell it like it is instead of me working for it?”
Castiel puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder, also scanning their sight lines. “At least we know there isn’t one. He can’t get anywhere on the property without us noticing.”
“I retired, obviously,” Castiel mutters, breathing in the caffeine fumes before taking a long, indulgent gulp. It should be burning his tongue, but he doesn’t seem to notice or care. “You make wonderful coffee,” he deigns to mumble.
Dean finally moves. He shifts back in the chair with a shrug. He speaks slower than normal, and much more deliberately, which will likely go unnoticed by Lucifer seeing as how he’s unfamiliar with Dean’s normal speech patterns. But Dean risking his stutter is more ammo than Lucifer should be given, if it can be prevented. “Yeah, well, that’ll happen when the guy who tries to take you out is shitty at stalking and murder.”
“Already have,” Dean insists. “Look. I tr-tr-tried on a m-m-million feet already. None’ll l-l-let me g-get back out to w-w-work like I want. I’m not gonna w-w-wish for something-g-g back that I c-c-can’t get. B-b-but...”
“May I please sit?” Dean gestures towards the armchair next to the window and Castiel drags it over, but not too close into Dean’s personal space. He clearly doesn’t want to dive deeper into their emotional mess, and Castiel is loath to do it, but when Dean stews it morphs into grudges. Neither of them need that. So he presses on. “Can I ask what your biggest issue with it is? I never said never, Dean. I was only saying that I need more time to... adjust.”
It takes a supreme amount of effort not to sprint to the parking lot. Sam can't really explain the dread and exultation absolutely swamping him. He's not sure if it's pure relief like one gets after a near-death miss, excitement to see his boyfriend, adrenaline, pride that he didn't lose his shit once during the past two hours. It's something, and it's powerful, whatever it is. And it hauls him to Gabriel's condo in record time.
The gate springs open, the steer is out at full speed, kicking up dust, and Benny lets out an ecstatic shout, as he and Andrea tear after the animal to guide it. It only takes a second for the steer to hit the end of the guide rope and snap it. That being the cue, Dean jumps Baby into action, running flat out to come up alongside the steer.
The entire drive to Dean's house, Castiel wonders if he made the correct choice accepting Dean's offer to come over. He's not sure where it came from. Sam's out, so perhaps he needs help with handling the anxiety since neither of them have been out overnight for years, according to Dean. Or perhaps he hadn't been thinking about it much at all. Spur of the moment that he's likely to regret? He doesn't know. There's no way to know until he gets there.
Castiel and Dean stand before all of them holding hands. Dean’s palm starts to itch. But he feels like moving to scratch it would be a bad idea. Irrational thoughts are common in these sorts of situations, he vaguely recalls.
No matter how long that Castiel wanders the grounds, wanders the stables, he can’t seem to calm down completely. Can’t get rid of the buzzing, tiny wings under his skin. He’s irritated and twitchy, and there’s no outlet for it. Well. There
Gabriel burrows against his shoulder. “You gonna get all sappy and tell me there will be better ones?”
gonna upset you every now and then. It does for Sam, and he's been putting up with me since he was born. But as long as he doesn't use that to push or guilt trip me, then that's just the way of the world. If I'm working my hardest, and so is he, well... people have feelings. You're allowed to feel how you feel."
Unconsciously, Dean glances down at himself, too. There's a sparkle in his eyes when he focuses on Castiel again. "Something wrong with what I've got on?"
Castiel shrugs a shoulder. "I'll be sore, but it's the good kind. I loved that, Dean. I really did."
Castiel snorts from by the espresso machine and says, "for the first thirteen years of our lives, all Gabriel ever did was prank me and convince my mother that he was some sort of angel so she'd feed him dinner."
No, indeed it does not. Dean's fingers slide up from Castiel's hip, brushing over his twitching cock, up and up to rest against his belly, pressing lightly. It's a signal for Castiel to keep breathing. Waiting. He does as best as he can. He won't get what he wants by rushing. Carefully, he shuffles his legs wider, practicing his deep breathing. His body adjusts in stages as the burn fades to sparkling pleasure.
“Never seen you this nervous,” Gabriel murmurs, eyes trained on Dean and Castiel’s progression down the aisle.
Dean’s breath catches in his throat. That’s the crux of the whole problem. The thing they’ve never really talked about. Four minutes and everything after. Dean doesn’t remember any of it, truthfully. Aside from being shot in the hallway and a day after waking up, he’s got no memories of anything. But he knows. He knows he died. He knows that Castiel was there when it happened. He knows that Castiel was the one who tried to revive him. And failed. That’s... he can’t even imagine. Doesn’t want to. Especially knowing how much it’s figuratively killing Castiel.
