of us. Sam… Sam is angry, and the longer that we leave this alone, the worse it will be when we actually get around to it.”
He ends on such a disgusted note that Tony aches for him.
“It’s SHIELD, Tony. They’re following me right now. I’m a little worried that they’ve managed to bug my apartment. I need your help.”
look, when he was in the thrift of his life, when he was eighteen and he had a handsome face and intelligent and his body was tight and firm and muscled, the sort of body that made boys and girls alike stare, and he thought the world would belong to him, all on that alone, and people,
Steve stares down at him, Tony’s pale, grey body, lying there in front of him, and he can feel it, even if he can’t see it, he knows that he’s gone; he knows that the spark that had made Tony’s eyes so bright has gone out, and there is nothing left in Tony’s body, nothing that makes him
“That remains to be seen,” Tony says, coldly.
“Really?” The way that Steve raises his eyebrow is cool and sharp, a little bitter, a far cry from the warm, fiery alpha that Tony knows. “Because if you really did believe that, you wouldn’t have left me alone in that hotel room like I’d outlived my goddamn usefulness.”
Tony watches him go, or rather, watches him walk out of the door with a backpack thrown over his shoulder, on his way to the bike parked out on the driveway. She stands against the doorframe, as he goes.
Tony worries his teeth on his lower lip.
“You swear to me,” he begins, his voice low and fierce, “you swear on my life-”
world now, bitch,” Tony snarls.
“Yeah,” Tony clears his throat, “a full serve, which is twelve dumplings; although, I’d be pretty happy if you got a half-serve of pan-fried, and a half-serve of steamed. And I want the chilli oil, so that I can mix it with the soy sauce and the vinegar.”
“You know, I bought a lake house in the middle of nowhere for a reason, Steve–”
“Sam and Wanda are taking care of them,” Tony says, immediately.
Steve sets a harsh rhythm, hands tight on Tony’s hips, fucking in fast and hard, and Tony’s nails dig into the brick with no purchase. He reaches behind, gripping at Steve’s shoulder, trying to pull him in closer, and Steve’s nudging his nose at Tony’s shoulder blade, pointed even through the material of Tony’s blazer. He fucks him with enthusiasm, and Tony pushes his hips back, determined to get as much of him as possible. There’s no skill to his movements, no grace, just vigour, lacking finesse, a frantic roll of his hips, and a frantic roll back from Tony.
Tony is livid; he feels the jagged, primal rage rip through his body, until he’s seeing red, red, red.
“But Tony, I
Tony grinds his teeth. “I don’t want to hear it,” he stresses, pinching the skin of his forehead, above his eyes. “I don’t want to hear some fucking platitude about how you care about me, about how I’m important to you. I don’t want to hear it, because I know the truth, Rogers.”
Maushmi lets out a little sob when she sees him, and she scurries over, crossing the length of the room with large paces. She throws her arms around him, clutching at him, and he winces, his bones and muscles grinding in protest.
Steve blinks and only then does he react. “Yeah, yes, we should, we should.”
Instead of speaking to him this time, Steve wordlessly pulls back the covers and slips inside, in just his boxers. He turns on his side and slings an arm around Tony’s waist, drawing him in, dislodging Tony from his book just for a moment, as the paperback topples from Tony’s hand onto the mattress, making him lose his page.
“Yes, no one, only you. Only
He was just scared, he swears; he was scared no one would believe him, and now he knows, no one will.
“Listen to me,” Steve begs, his hands closing around Tony’s cheeks. “Listen, if the Nazis get this gem, they’ll ship it straight back to Berlin for Hitler. This guy, this guy is already killing people, Tony. He’s killing people because they have the audacity to be different from him, because they’re Jewish, because they’re black, because they’re gay, because they’re Roma, or because they’re disabled because they’re not white Christians with blonde hair and blue eyes. We have to stand up; we have to say no. If he gets this gem, who knows what he could do, all the people he could hurt. And that’s just assuming that the Nazis that find the gem are going to give it over to him. They might just keep it for themselves, and they could be worse. India could be Ground Zero for these bastards. Is that really what you what?”
“Where did you get insulation foam?” Tony asks.
Maushmi stares at the cuts, before exchange a concerned look with Jarvis.
“Jesus, there’s more than I thought,” Steve comments. “Dr. Virgil Potts. So, I guess your mother was right, and Pepper’s father was our shrink.”
That night, Tony finds himself in the Whip & Fiddle Pub, dressed in a dark floral blazer and tailored slacks, gold in his ears and at his throat, and dark, smoky eyeliner.
Tony’s throat flexes. “I know.”
Maushmi lifts her eyes,
Steve pinches the bridge of his nose. “Tony, I…” his face contorts into an expression of confusion and hurt. “I…
“This is… you don’t know what this means to me,” Tony says, his voice rough, like his vocal cords are dragging on gravel. “You don’t… this is
Suddenly, James starts speaking in loud, dramatic Russian, drawing sceptical, alarmed stares from passers-by.
The airplane rolls up into the space near the fuel trucks. The mechanic puts blue blocks in front of the tires as the engines continue to roar. Tony and Steve run in a crouch to a hiding spot closer to the plane, near the supply tent. Suddenly, they hear footsteps, and when they turn around, a second German mechanic appears behind them.
It fucking hurts, too.
!” he shouts, pushing her hand away.
, and I have an inhaler on standby. There’s a lot of scar tissue, and I’m at constant risk of bacterial infections at the wound sites. The pain was…
“Appa?” Maushmi braves the question. “Who is this?”
Tony’s throat flexes. “Okay,” he takes their hands in his own, sitting fully on the ground with their legs crossed, when his knees begin to protest, “a divorce is when people who are married stop being married. So, when you get married, you sign a legal document, and when you get divorced, that document is almost torn up. You, in the eyes of the government, are no longer married, yeah?”
“Where would he sleep?” Maushmi asks, softly.
Peter’s brow furrows. “I
Tony baulks. “Why are you barefoot?”
“Something tells me he still wouldn’t be okay with it,” James says, solemn and strained.
“I’d never walk away from you,” Steve says, firmly, his voice blunt. “I know I’ve made my fair share of mistakes, and I know I’ve lied, and I hate myself for lying to you, but… I don’t know, maybe this is my fault.”
Tony leans back in his chair. “Where do you even get this from?” he asks, almost helplessly.
“In my world, they are,” Tony says, wistfully. “In my family, we didn’t deal with imperfection very well.”
“I’m in the lounge,” Steve replies, his voice echoing through the corridors.
Peter nods, vehemently, his hands stained a dull canary yellow. “And we drew something! Do you want to see it?” he asks, excitedly.
Jamie removes the headset, palming it with great care. “You don’t have to give it to me, you know?”
“I promise. I’ll know first thing.”
“You’re a few years too late,” Tony says, loftily, methodically wiping down a glass.
“But you have, Tony, you
Miss Lewis frowns. “Oh, you didn’t know? Your husband picked them up like twenty minutes ago.”
Tony sits there, and he feels cracked open, bloody and bare.
He slides into her with ease, and she grips the headboard behind her, her mouth open in a silent sound that could be a whine or a moan or even a scream and he wouldn’t know. He snaps his hips forward, and the sound escapes her, a low, little shout that has her body curving inward. He sets a fast, brutal pace, the way that they both like, making sure to keep his breathing under control, and Toni clutches onto him, her nails digging into his shoulders.
Thankfully, this woman, Eshe, she is brilliant.
me,” Howard snarls. “You embarrassed me, Tony. Don’t you know how
Written for the "starvation" square for the STB Bingo - Round 1.
“I’m sure,” Steve says, dubiously.
But he doesn’t.
“Hi, Tony,” James says with a little, hopeful smile on his handsome face, as handsome as it was when Tony knew him as a seventeen-year-old in Cambridge.
“It upset me,” he finds himself blurting out before he can even stop himself.
Steve makes his way from the stove, pressing his lips quickly to the side of Tony’s head. He lifts Maushmi into his arms, onto his hip, while Peter fits himself neatly against Tony’s legs.
“What fucking pride do you have with
Tony struggles a bit with the tiny chair made for tiny human beings but manages to perch himself on the edge of it.
“Do you want me to stop defending her?”
Tony takes advantage of his preoccupation and opens fire, and the bar starts to splinter in front of him. The medallion comes free of the Nazi’s hand and rolls across the floor. His hands blistering, in excruciating pain, the Nazi turns around, sees a window, and runs, diving through the glass.
“-on the corner of Greene, right?” James says, slowly.
Tony has had enough of that from his father, from his mother, has had enough of cheap, inadequate love that only manifests when someone needs something from Tony, and he thought Steve was different, but Steve isn’t.
He looks at Wanda lying in that bed, and his face grows agonised, tormented, and Tony stretches a hand across the bed, over Wanda’s flat stomach, and tangles their hands together, briefly, squeezing.
“But I thought I had to be responsible,
“You’re all either in the prime of your life, or you’re enhanced in some way. In any case, you’re all exceptionally beautiful, young, powerful, and I hate to be the one to say this, but you’re white. If you don’t think that I feel like the ugly cousin, well, I do.”
“We just need one decade ago,” Steve points out, moving to another cabinet, and begins to look.
, sorry for dying, sorry for saving everyone because it meant that it was his death, sorry that he was leaving Steve, and then closed his eyes forever.
“Well, you sure as hell implied it,” Tony mutters under his breath.
That’s a lie too.
“And you all loved to play with him. Tony, you… you loved him so much,” she chokes out, “but sometimes evil hides behind a smile. You were… you were only five, and Jarvis was helping you get ready, and he saw,” she clears her throat, “he saw scratch marks on your back, four of them, long, bloody.”
He sits up on top of his featherbed, staring at the empty, clean wall, and then, he reacts. He slips off the bed, finds his robe, throwing it over his shoulders and tucking it in front of him, tying it at the waist.
He withdraws slight, letting out a little sigh of air over his cock, which makes it twitch in anticipation, before he licks at the head, all teasing, and brushes right over it with the point of his nose, the length of his cheek, so that he can nuzzle at the join of his thigh, just shy of his balls.
“No, thank you, my friend.” Rumlow lifts his head, and a smile flits across his face when he sees Tony approaching. “I think we are all very comfortable up here.”
But Steve just kisses him on the mouth, wishes him
Tony scowls. “The door was locked from
“Steve isn’t like that,” Natasha says, quietly. “He isn’t that kind of alpha.”
“Steve! Steve? Where are you?” he asks, his voice thick.
It’s also weird, because he always thought he’d have a Hindu wedding when he finally settled down, but he and Steve had compromised on the ceremony, so that it would be half-Catholic and half-Hindu, so instead of wearing a tuxedo, like Steve looking oh-so handsome in his black tux, Tony’s wearing Sabyasachi.
“Even if I don’t, I have a feeling you’re about to tell me,” Tony replies, barely resisting the urge to let the venom creep into his voice.
“What do you mean?”
The emotions are like fire in his throat, and it hurts to breathe, hurts to process what he’s saying, and he blinks back the threat of tears, looking away.
“I… I don’t know, I’ve… I’ve never been good in situations of high pressure.” Steve is stumbling over his words. “I mean, I’m good with them in a SHIELD context. I’m… I’m good at my job. I’m good, but where the kids are concerned? No, I’m not good.”
Steve’s face scrunches up. “I don’t know, Tony; it’s pretty spicy.”
“I do, actually.” Tony’s eyes are fixed on Steve. “I may even, when this is all over, go dancing.”
“No, I don’t need to,” Howard replies, his voice ice-cold.
. She’s the love of my life; I’m going to marry her one day, and you know what, she’s going to say yes, because she loves me too.
“Marry me,” he murmurs against Tony’s mouth.
“Excuse me?” Steve asks, his voice thin.
“Give it to me, Steve, please,” Tony whispers.
“Okay…” he trails off.
didn’t you stick around until the ambulance came?”
The priest turns to Tony, who suddenly feels like shifting on his feet in discomfort, like he’s under a microscope.
“That was rude,” Peter points out.
Steve trails his knuckles down the length of Tony’s spine. “I guess it doesn’t matter, now that I’ve got you here. You’re gonna be sweet for me, aren’t you, honey?”
amma,” he insists.
Brandt waves his aide over. “With all due respect, Colonel, I think we may be missing the point. You’ve seen Steve here in action. More importantly, the country’s seen it.”
? Tony thinks to himself, absently, staring at the scene unfolding in front of him.
that, I can do all of that.”
Tony’s head pitches forward; before it hits the table, he jerks it back up, barely awake.
“My lord, I–”
He has that urge now, in the mile-long cue leading up to the school, with the kids in the back, chattering to each other, only moving an inch every five minutes.
Tony wrings his hands together. “Sometimes, he calls himself the
James looks down at his chest. “Good.” He looks around. “You got anywhere where I can clean up?”
“I love you too,” Tony replies; although, he doesn’t know if he believes him or not.
“We need to speak urgently,” Tony says, briskly, pushing past him so that he can enter Grant’s chambers, preferring that no one can hear their argument.
“Sorry, I’m late for class,” Pepper replies, her voice apologetic, and rushes off without another word.
“You smell incredible,” Steve says, a low growl in his voice. “Can I… do you mind–”
“Shut the fuck up. Steve is
Tony shudders down to his fingers and toes.
Steve pulls out, and the squelching sound that his cock makes on its way out of Tony’s bed sends a rush of heat all over Tony. He lifts his head in time to see Steve glaring down at his groin, as he takes his cock in hand, stroking fervently. His hand moves up and down, pale, thin, angular against pale, thin, angular, over and over again, and Tony can see the strain in Steve’s features – he knows, because he’s seen it in the mirror, seen it a thousand times since he came back to Afghanistan, had tried frantically to get himself off only for his lungs to be caught in a vice halfway through his jerk-off session, and the resounding ache and breathlessness to take any and all arousal away.
“Clearly not,” Howard scoffs, “or that Cadillac would have stayed in the air.”
“Why, though? The King… surely, he has other men, other lords that can lend their armies.”
“I’m not going to come inside you,” Steve tells him.
He picks up the pile of bills, walks up the back of the bar, and pulls a small wooden box from under the bar. He flips open the top, puts the cash inside, and closes the top, leaving the box on the bar and starting back toward the medallion. The front door of the bar bursts open, and four men storm in. Tony, halfway between the box of money and the medallion, and not wishing to draw attention to either, stops where he is.
James also stills, as he gets his breathing under control, as he tries to recover from what it was like to have someone come inside for the first time. Tony, frustration bleeding through him, squirms unthinkingly on his cock, still stuffed full, and shifts his hips, his insides rippling around James’ cock.
Tony’s belly twists up in a nausea, a rotten smell filling the air. He jerks around and flees in blind panic through the first opening that he can see, which happens to be a dark pipe tunnel.
He knows what it’s like, to grow up in a family where you can never be enough for one of your parents, and frankly, he’d rather throw Steve out the door onto the streets with his bare hands than allow Peter and Maushmi to suffer through that.
Then, Tony hears Zola’s voice: “Stop them! Kill them!”
“Why? Because I look like this?” The look in Steve’s eyes turns caustic, and there’s a dash of furious colour in his face (Tony’s already worried; his heart is already hammering in his chest). “I didn’t realise you were so fucking shallow, but what should I have expected from playboy Tony Stark–”
“They’re looking for something, something to help them win the war,” Bhim answers, grimly.
“Just go back and check, please!”
“I don’t… I don’t remember them,” James muses. “I don’t remember you.”
And, he starts walking, wounding, limping from where his ankle is sore.
“Yeah, you ready for my knot, you fucking curry bitch–”
Tony chews on his lower lip until he feels the skin split, feels the sting, tastes iron in his mouth. He stares at the pleading, pained look in Steve’s beautiful eyes, and then, he looks down at his feet.
At least that’s not a lie.
“If you say anything like that to me again, if I hear you speak that way to
Steve shudders awake to an empty bed, the pulse of blood loud in his ears.
Tony makes a muffled noise when Steve surges on top of him and seizes his mouth with his own. For a brief moment, Tony thinks about fighting him, knowing that Steve would let him go as if he had some disease if he thought, just for a moment, that Tony didn’t want him back. And then, he lets himself melt into the kiss, lets him grip at Steve with both hands, dig his nails into his skin to lay his mark on this man who can never be his.
“Hey,” Tony protests, when he pulls back from Steve’s mouth.
“And has he indicated his feelings for either of you?”
Tony looks at Steve, and there isn’t a hint of jealousy on his face, just want, pure, unabashed want.
“No, no,” Natasha says, hurriedly. “I was just… I don’t know, I guess I just wanted to be sure what kind of person you were.”
Tony opens his mouth to argue, remembers the sly little smile of Natasha Romanoff, and falls silent.
, he thinks, disgusted.
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “Because I’m such a nice person in my romantic relationships,” he says, dryly.
He twists them mercilessly, skirting the edge of pain, and Tony gasps, lurching off the bed at the sensation.
“And I used to tell them stories about Bucky and me, like bedtime stories,” Steve offers.
Just when Tony thinks everything is fixed, that they can get back on track, it’s almost like he’s taken twelve steps back.
Grant comes towards him, and Tony swipes out, clumsily, with the pen knife. Surprisingly, it makes contact with Grant’s shoulder, slicing a clean line from the edge of his arm to the raised bone of his clavicle.
James waves a hand in his direction. “Get over it.”
“No fucking way,” he mutters and follows suit.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asks, worriedly. “Did I do something wrong?”
Tony drags his hand over his face. “I have not slept with James since that last night back at MIT,” he says, quietly, wearily, exhaustion setting into his bones. “I’m not going to repeat myself, so you’re free to believe what you want to believe. I do still think that you’re sleeping with Natasha, and I’m not really interested in hearing what you have to say on the matter, not now, at least. I don’t think… I don’t think that this conversation is going where I wanted it to go, and I’m actually really fucking tired. I want to go to bed. I want to spend time with my kids, and I think…” he hesitates. “I think I can’t have the conversation about Natasha, not with… not with-” he looks at James, not wanting to say the next words that pop up in his brain.
“What?” Tony prods.
His voice is softer than any male alpha that Tony has ever heard before, and he swallows past the knot burning in his throat.
He hates this, hates asking JARVIS to lie, but if anyone found out, they’d assume the worst of him; they’d think he’d spread his legs for James without a thought to his husband or his children.
Steve’s hand fits against his cheek. “You have friends here, you know? There is no need for you to think that you have to do all of this on your own. You are a most competent omega, Tony, but even you require rest.”
Summary: In 1939, Tony Stark's bar in Bangalore goes up in flames when his ex-lover, Steve Rogers, comes looking for an artefact that belonged to his father, and before he knows what is happening, he finds himself joining forces with Steve to foil a Nazi plot to find the fabled Syamantaka Gem, rumoured to ensure that its bearer would never encounter any calamities and would always be full of prosperity and plenitude, before they can use the gem's unbelievable powers to turn the tide of the war in Hitler's favour.
“Almost certainly,” the man says, quickly. “Do you still have it?”
“No,” Tony says, quickly, not wanting this to erupt into another argument. “But sweetheart, if I don’t show him these photos, he won’t believe you. Don’t you want him to believe you?”
Natasha blows a breath out between her teeth. “It wasn’t like that. I just… well, I noticed that he was spending more time at the office. I just wanted to help, honest.”
,” Tony drawls.
“Natasha knows what she’s doing,” Steve says, his voice sounding like the slightest rebuke. “She’s not some damsel in distress, you know? She’s had a shit life, but she knows exactly what she’s doing. It’s not the choice that a lot of other women would make, but she makes it because she thinks it’s the right thing to do.” He pauses, face flooding with colour. “I just… Natasha makes her own choices. She doesn’t deserve to be reviled for them.”
“Look, this is going to sound weird and paranoid, but I don’t care anymore. Is there anything I should know?” Tony takes a deep, steadying breath, which rattles in his lungs. “About when I was young?”
Somehow, that feels too private, for his children to share this part of his life and for James to share that part of his life – they should be kept separate.
James scoffs. “That’s bullshit.” He looks at Tony, unsure. “Right? It’s bullshit?”
“I do,” Tony whispers, letting out a little sigh of air over his cock. “I do.”
“I’m sorry,” he says, roughly.
Tony’s surprised – Steve doesn’t often drop the kids off at school, only when there’s a meeting at Stark Industries that absolutely requires Tony’s presence and attention.
He wants to say
“Who is it?” she calls out in a strong voice.
“A photo of you and Tony,” Steve guesses, his voice soft.
He looks around, seeing that the submarine had parked itself in front of the mouth of a wide cove completely ringed by tall white rock cliffs. Suddenly, the submarine begins to move again, headed directly toward the center of the cliffs. Tony holds on, mystified, alert. When the cliffs are very close, the sub begins to dive.
He will be dead by the time the night has ended and the sun is rising above the horizon line.
Tony’s relief is instantaneous – James doesn’t need any more ghosts dogging his footsteps as he slowly starts to build his life together.
Something seizes in his chest, and he turns around, finding Steve slipping into the room.
“Is there anything worse?” Tony retorts.
Steve watches him with that tempered gaze of his, an uncomfortable, thoughtful intensity that makes the feeling lurch within Tony’s body.
-” his voice thins with disgust, “-still wants you. How do you know that?”
The alpha from the fair has a name, and his name is Steven Grant Rogers, from Brooklyn, as Abraham explains.
“Wait–” Tony tries to protest.
“I’m not going to tease, baby,” Steve laughs. “I mean, I’m going to make you work for it.”
He rolls his eyes.
Tony’s hands are trembling when he rips open the condom packet, and the rubber falls out into his palm. It’s greasy, much to his surprise, most likely designed to help ease the way, not that Tony needs that help, considering that he’s still leaking slick like a sieve.
Every marriage needs work at some point, every married couple needs to put it in the effort at some point.
Tony scowls. “No, because I’m actually quite competent on my own without my father.”
“Do you even hear yourself? You sound like a child. Hell, Mouse and Peter are more mature than you are.”
“Fuck you,” Tony spits, and his knee slams into Hodge’s crotch.
Tony watches as two Nazis carefully lift what looks like a chest wrought in gold out of its crate by means of the long poles. The chest dazzles the eye, seeming to glow gold in this strange light. The two Nazis place it carefully on the altar.
Tony looks down at him.
It’s never anything serious, never anything that Tony finds completely and utterly objectionable, and therefore, it is very difficult for him to say that Grant has acted beyond the bounds of propriety.
, Arjuna describes it:
, Tony. You’re the only one I have ever slept with. Natasha… she’s a friend, that’s all.”
respect you, Tony, I need you to know that. I need you to… I love you, and I respect you, and I think you’re the smartest person I’ve ever known or will ever know, and if I ever made you think that I didn’t feel or think those things, I’m so fucking sorry. I’m so fucking sorry.”
“I just… I came to see how you were doing,” Steve says, voice barely above a whisper.
this expo was? Do you have any idea how many investors were watching–”
They’re both talking about different
,” he snarls, his voice heavy with hurt. So, I call bullshit on you being tired. I don’t care if you actually
But what is he teaching those kids if he keeps things like this, that you can run away from your problems, that people can treat you like shit, but you can continue to take it because you love them? That it’s worth demoralising yourself and demeaning yourself and accepting indignity because you love someone? That you should stay, even when everything has turned rotted and fetid?
Eshe cocks her head. “Do you mind elaborating?”
“Thank you for telling me that, Steve,” she says, softly. She leans forward, folds her hands in her lap. “I suppose the next thing for me to ask is what you want to get out of this.”
Caroline flushes, pertly. “I didn’t mean-”
you’re having an affair with Natasha,” Tony grinds out, the humiliation blooming all over his face. “I
Brandt scowls. “I’m on a number of committees, Colonel,” he says, dismissively.
“Tony,
Steve takes to the microphone. “We all know this isn’t about having a swell afternoon. This is about winning the war.”
“No, I think I’ll have you from behind,” Steve muses.
“Which one did you hit?” Steve sighs in an exasperated manner even if he secretly loves it.
“He’s friends with the doctor and Phillips. They’ll put us in jail–”
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “So, what you wanted me to be a better husband to him without even knowing what was going on?”
Tony even starts to take his shirt off, and Steve gets on his feet, padding over and tugging at his wrists.
His husband is dead.
Steve looks at the twins, uncertain himself. “Let’s go into our bedroom,” he coaxes and walks out, expecting Tony to follow him.
“Oh,” Steve says, quietly, settling back onto his heels. “I… I knew it was coming. I just… didn’t expect it to be today.”
Tony, often, at night, thinks about that kiss, thinks about how it felt to kiss Steve for the first time, the savagery behind it, the point he was trying to prove with that action – Steve hadn’t wanted it, and it terrified him that maybe, in some way, he’d learnt the act of fucking from Grant, and this was all that was left in him.
James remains silent, knowing that Tony needs to get all of this out.
“I’m the one that decided to drop the chest into the ocean.”
Zola clucks his tongue and opens up his bag of tricks. “Oh, I think you will.”
“And I said yes,” she replies, hurriedly.
Both James and Steve look at him, disgusted.
Be a man, they said.
him-”
“So, why did you?” Tony demands. “Sam told me, he told me that you were recruited before we met, that he told you to tell me the truth, and you still… you still
Anger has always been his greatest friend, especially when backed into a corner.
He slips into the driver’s seat, behind the wheel, and James closes the door for him, leaning into the window.
He sounds agonised, tormented, and he’s fisting his hands in his golden hair, tight against the scalp, like he wants to tear the strands from his head, and go lower, raking bloody lines down the length of his face.
“Of course, Tony,” Steve says, in a way that makes him think that he’s hurt that Tony would second-guess him. “Tony,” he pulls him in by the waist, and Tony is happy enough to nudge his nose against the dip in Steve’s collarbone, even if it means that he’s on his toes to reach that part of him. “Tony, all I want in the world is for you to be happy, and if it’s not… if
Rhodey nods. “Sure am.”
“He’s my husband,” Tony protests.
“It’s okay,” Steve soothes, “easy, easy. I think you have a concussion. Hold tight. I’m calling 911.”
Then, his hand abruptly leaves Steve’s cock, so that he can swallow him down to the base, his tongue swiping over the vein taut against the underside of his cock. He traces the vein again, before licking a long, lazy stripe up, and Steve rocks his hips, sending his cock deeper into his throat. Tony’s throat convulses around his cock, opening around the head, and the sound that Steve makes, the hurt little noise that escapes him, makes Tony hard and itch to palm at his own cock.
“Yeah, which is why we’re doing that now,” Bucky retorted.
“Oh, my God, oh, my God,” Maushmi stammers.
“The man in my dream. It was the same man in Pepper’s dream too. This man with a dirty sweater and knives for hands, and he was stalking us. It was awful.” He purses his lips. “Don’t you think it’s weird, her and me dreaming about the same guy?”
“Sorry,” he says, embarrassed. “I’m giving you an unwanted sneak preview into my autobiography.”
“Fuck you,” Tony snarls. “Fuck you. Fuck you for ever thinking that I was just some fucking child that didn’t know any better, that I didn’t know what I was agreeing to, that you ruined my life. Did it escape your attention that I am a fucking genius, that I knew exactly what I was getting involved in, and that I lived in Boston too, that anything that HYDRA did there affected me too? Did that really escape your fucking attention?”
“You knew him, all of you did. You know something and you’re not telling us,” Tony goes onto say, a tight knot in his belly.
He doesn’t.
“Yeah, that sounds like a good idea,” he says, softly. He frowns. “It’s a little chilly outside. I can always take off–”
There’s a tattered recliner next to him.
“Did they hurt you?” Steve demands, desperately, half-wild.
Steve snorts and stops just short of the kids’ bedroom – despite having a tremendous amount of room in this absurd mansion, the twins had absolutely insisted on sharing a bedroom and Tony hadn’t had the heart to separate them at all.
Tony likes that, likes the physical, subconscious proof that Steve wants him as much as Tony wants him back.
So, to others, it is cowardly of Tony to stay in this marriage, even though his husband is in love with someone else, wants someone else, finds comfort and companionship and pride and appreciation in someone else, but to him, even to settle for shit when he should have gold is a much better existence than one without Steve Rogers.
“Well, if you believe Captain America, it’s apparently the most powerful explosive known to man.” Tony raises it to meet his eyes. “I’m a little offended.”
Tony kisses him, kisses him again and again, and Steve is still rocking his hips inside Tony, and Tony’s pushing back, rolling back, and it’s a perfect rhythm, with the two of them grasping and tumbling, and Tony’s chest is full, so full that he didn’t think it was possible – he didn’t think it was possible to be this happy, this content – and when he comes, he comes with Steve’s name on the edge of his tongue, and he clutches at him.
Shame suffuses in a deep colour in his face, and he runs his tongue between the seam of his lips. “You’re right. I’m sorry. That was selfish of me,” he says, quickly, padding over, after he’s closed the door behind him, and sinking into the uncomfortable hospital chair that has only minimal cushioning.
Phillips colours. “What happened that night was regrettable, yes, but we can’t deny that Hodge would be the perfect candidate.”
The injection pads click, and Steve jerks in the machine, as the needles pierce his body, the serum slowly emptying from the injectors. Steve’s veins swell, and his head begins to shake.
“Do you want it cold or hot?”
“I shouldn’t have underestimated you,” Steve says, ruefully. “You always know how to take care of me.”
Tony slips from his seat, his eyes wary on Ms. Hill and the class, just in case anyone sees him leave the room. But no one turns as he disappears through the open doorway. He stands in the corridor, staring in both directions, but there’s no sign of anyone.
Steve settles at his hip, brushes his hair out of his eyes, so unbearably soft. “Hey, baby.”
“Look who it is,” he says, cheerfully.
, he did. He liked you a lot. He
And then, everything happens so quickly. There are machine guns in the air, but it means that the hands that are pinning Tony to the bar are suddenly released. He takes the opportunity to swing up over the bar. The small man that had intended to hurt him with the poker fires at him with a pistol, but his bullets smash bottles behind the bar. Tony flattens out on the floor behind the bar as bullets hit above him. He reaches up, snatches the ax handle that he keeps, and begins crawling down the length of the bar toward the biggest Nazi, who sticks his submachine gun out and fires blindly in Indy’s direction. Steve is in a crouch behind a table, trying to get a shot at someone, but then the door bursts open, and a fearsome, big Nazi, almost seven feet tall, soars in and tackles Steve from behind.
“Daddy, I’m confused,” Maushmi complains.
Tony nudges his nose against the hollow of Steve’s throat. “Yeah, sir?”
. Sam moved back in, almost immediately, but we lived in separate rooms. To the outside world, we were still together, still happy, still perfect, but on the inside, within the four walls of our house, we were doing homework. We were talking in monosyllables, and once a week, we attended a therapist’s office, and we talked about our feelings. We talked about my brother and his death and how I was dealing with all of it, or rather how I
Tony yelps, as the twins exchange a wicked grin, their earlier aborted argument forgotten, using some sort of twin-based telepathy to plot their attack, and drag him to the ground, piling themselves on his stomach, and then, James and Steve are attacking the soles of his feet, his belly, and he’s shouting with laughter.
“I was trying really fucking hard to keep you safe.”
Steve swallows hard, and he wraps his arms around Tony, drawing him close.
problem.”
“Because I thought James was a fancy man’s name, and he was so tiny-”
“How will we find them now?” Tony asks, shooting James a flinty look over his shoulder. “Wanda needs us to do something for her now.”
The door swings open, and Howard and Maria are standing there, along with Sarah, who’s wringing her hands together.
“What did you
Tony wanted the truth, and now he’s getting it.
The killer approaches him, slow, like he’s mocking him, his scalpel claws gleaming in the streetlight. Just as the knives come for him, he manages to get away, fleeing again. His stomach begins to ache, along with his chest, a burn spreading up into his throat, so he’s at a stagger rather than a full-blown run.
“He’s gone, Tony.
“But he did forgive you. You got married,” Bucky points out.
Steve looks at his hand, thinner, paler, bonier than what he’d had a few moments ago in a hand.
“Steve,” Tony stresses, his voice gentle, as he reaches out to press his hand to the curve of Steve’s forearm. “I am inviting you inside; I am inviting you to join me to watch a couple of episodes of Friends. It’s not that stressful. It’s not an either-or. If you come in now and we watch Friends, we will still go out to dinner tomorrow. This is just… a casual, no-strings-attached pre-date, because I know that you like Friends, and you’re one of few people that I know that doesn’t mind watching something even after you’ve watched it before. I will make us some popcorn, coffee, or just soda? I have candy too,” he coaxes.
“I want to talk about what’s been going on at school with Peter and Maushmi, but first, do you have any questions for me?” Ms Lewin asks.
“So, I have something to tell you,” she says, haltingly, taking a seat on the couch opposite him and toeing off her heels so that she can fold her legs underneath her body.
“What did you want to speak about?”
“Oh, my God,
Sam sighs and makes a small motion with the fingers on his free hand that Tony takes to meaning that he can enter the room.
He’s not that sort of man; he wasn’t born that sort of man; all he knows is to give, never to seize.
“What did?” Steve asks, gently.
But there is no other way to look at this, there is no magical coming back from this.
Tony sighs. “I can’t, I’m afraid. I can’t do a good Bullwinkle impression.” A grin blazes across his face. He pats him on the shoulder. “You got a phone number I can reach you on?”
“I told you, he didn’t like it when he came home and I wasn’t there and he didn’t know where I was,” Tony says, bitterly.
“Tony,” James sighs. “Tony, he never spends any time with you. He’s never there. You have spent the last year on your own. What sort of marriage is that? The guy can’t be bothered to be there for his fucking family; he can’t be bothered to be a good husband, or a good father to his kids.”
Nat throws her arms around him, winding around his neck, and kisses him on the curve of his cheekbone, a fleeting brush of her lips, her lips red as her hair, and smooths her hand down his collar on her way back.
“Somehow, I doubt that you were focused on the investors,” Tony says, dryly, nodding his head at the group of scantily clad omegas chatting to one another.
“Listen to me, your Daddy and I love each other very much, and we love you very much. That is all you need to know. That is all you need to believe, okay?” he soothes.
like.”
Yet, somehow, he’d become his mother, become the person who waits and watches and bears it in silence and turns his eyes another way so he can’t see how his husband slips away further and further into someone else’s arms and heart.
“What sort of life would I have if he left?” Tony asks, his face austere and serene. “This way, he comes home, he kisses me, and he loves our children. If I speak about it with him, if I accuse him or fight with him over it, if I push him, he’ll leave, and we might not see him again. I can’t… my pain is nothing compared to how much that will fuck the twins over,” he says, with a viciousness that borders on madness. “People with daddy issues do stupid things when they grow up; they settle for shit when they should have gold because when Daddy walked out and didn’t come home, they thought they weren’t worthy of love. I know that, because it’s what I do. I did it with you, and I’m doing it now with Steve, but that’s okay. It’s okay if I do it, if it means that my children won’t make my choices and my mistakes one day.”
It starts with Clint, and then, there’s T’Challa, and Shuri and Okoye, and Wanda and Sam, and all of the original Avengers, the five of them that had watched Tony take a nuclear bomb into a wormhole into space and then, watched as he came tumbling out, against all odds, and so does Steve, so does Pepper, so does Peter.
Steve’s throat flexes. “I… I…”
“James, James, I’m with my family right now,” Tony tells him, his heart pounding like a jackhammer in his chest.
Steve nods and fixes his eyes on his lap.
It’s Steve, but it’s also not Steve, at least, not the Steve that Tony knows, the Steve that Tony had dated and fucked and fallen in love with, not because they’re drastically separate human beings, but because Tony wasn’t expecting to see a skinny, short version of Steve swimming in a Captain America costume.
Tony flinches at how cruel the words are, even if James hadn’t intended for them to be so.
“So, where’s the gem?” Fury asks, pointedly.
“Is that how you feel every time we do this to you?” he asks, almost in awe.
people, the people who get stuck at home with the kids, while the other goes to work and has an actual life, and when they come home, the partner with the kids is too fucking tired to have sex, because raising children might be the hardest profession Tony has ever dabbled in, and so, they have to feign a headache to get out of disappointing their partner.
His hips rise off the bed, his cock jerking in Tony’s hand, and he mutters
“Everything’s going to be fine,” Steve reassures. “I promise. I will be gone for a few moons, deal with this rebellion, throw Alexander Pierce back in the sea where he belongs, and before you even begin to miss my absence, I will return.”
“What sort of surprise?”
A flicker cracks in his expression, and then, Steve’s face closes up like a storm shutter. “And is there any particular reason why you need space, Tony?” he asks, his voice careful, measured, precise.
“When else are we going to talk about it? You’re never here,” Tony taunts.
“They’re cute,” James offers. “They look like you, both of them. How-”
“You couldn’t help yourself,” Steve says, bitterly.
Toni purses her lips thin. “He was… he was larger than life,” she murmurs. “He was bright and strong and he liked to talk, and he was very, very charming, very persuasive; he could make you do anything. He used to smile a lot. He didn’t have a lot of friends, because he didn’t trust a lot of people, but I was his friend. We were friends since we were very, very little, even younger than you are right now.”
Tony thinks of Howard, his stern, cold, unimpressed face and how much it hurt to be dismissed, treated like he was less just because he had the audacity to be more.
Steve’s mouth thins into a hard line. “No, you didn’t. Is the bracelet yours?”
“Then, the gem and some of us are going up in a big bang. I don’t think Hitler would like that a bit. Now, I don’t want to talk about this anymore. Show me, Rogers, in five seconds or-”
“Like what?”
But when the twins were three, he called the driver in front of him a fucking moron for not taking the turn, and the twins had piped up, repeating his words.
“When you say
“I mean, it’s not that I’m objecting to it or anything-”
“Back home, that’s a yes,” Steve points out.
, Tony, it’s
“So, you drew the short straw to come and see us,” Sam says, heavily.
So, after the phone call ends, he strides purposefully into the bedroom, only to find Steve packing a bag.
“Sir, there is someone at the front door.”
Tony still loves Steve, loves his children, loves the family they’ve made together, and he’d never do anything to jeopardise that.
“That was it, just the adrenaline?” Steve clarifies.
“Go, damnit! Go!”
God, he hadn’t even done anything to make that better, had he? He’d just let things remain stagnant; he hadn’t changed anything, made it better. In fact, everything had just continued to crumble and crumble around him, and he’d gotten lost with the tide flow.
Tony, on the other hand, slips into his anger as easy as a second skin and accuses Steve of not wanting a
The first German mechanic, who is just pulling the fuel hose from the tank truck to the plane, sees Steve and the second mechanic and runs to help his countryman. He is almost upon them when Steve puts the second mechanic onto the ground with a devastating left hook. He turns to find the first German mechanic flying at him. They roll toward the rear of the airplane and its lethally spinning reversed propellers.
“Right? That’s all you cared about. Stopping HYDRA. So, when I offered to help you, you jumped at the chance, and hey, if I was hot, if I followed you around like a lost fucking puppy dog, if I made it clear that I wanted you to fuck my brains out, that was just a perk, right? You
Phillips shakes his head, snorting. “You’re an experiment. We’re sending you to Alamogordo.”
They’re always dark, in his imagination, his children, no matter who the alpha is.
But after a while, he started to get tired of losing, tired of getting beaten up, getting the shit kicked out of him; so, he started killing them off; he sought out his target, did weeks and weeks of research, before he cornered them and killed them.
Tony doesn’t either.
hard for me. I… I remember that fucking video every day, so it’s hard for me, and I… I was hurt for a long time, but I forgave you in the end, Steve. You loved him, and he’s dead now–”
skin, and the acceptance that Steve and her would get in society by being together, by performing the way society wants them to, by fulfilling all of the expectations and becoming the ideal monument to what beautiful, happy, in-love people look like, something which Tony, even with his wealth, with his dark skin, and the babies that he has with Steve, who have inherited Tony’s dark skin, will never get.
Tony ganders a look at Steve’s face, and his expression is strained and reverential, something that fills Tony with the strongest emotion he’s felt in a long time, and Tony kisses him, buries his nose where Steve’s scent is the strongest, until it floods all of his senses. Steve thrusts inside him, dragging the air out of his lungs, furious and clumsy and familiar, and Tony moans, moans like a cheap whore, and holding onto him as tight as she possibly can.
Tony rolls his eyes, and he buries his face in the nape of Steve’s neck, as he takes them forward towards the kids’ rooms.
“Does he, uh,” Steve stares down at his feet, “does he have someone in mind or–”
But as much as America hates coloured people in general, they hate coloured omegas more, and so, Tony, despite being his sire’s only child, will never be allowed to stand at the head of Stark Industries.
“No,” James shakes his head. “I mean, that was part of it, but it was more because of the fact that I was so sure someone was following him, keeping an eye on him, and I didn’t like it. Besides, you guys kind of forced my hand.”
“No, you didn’t, because you’re going through shit, and I’m not going to hold it against you, just like I know you wouldn’t, if the situation was reversed,” Tony says, shrugging.
, please.”
It must be the fat, Tony decides. That must be the reason why Steve doesn’t want to have sex with him anymore.
Steve stares at it hard and closes his eyes. “Tony, I…”
The next day, Tony visits Sam and Wanda’s place to pick up the kids.
He doesn’t know what he would have done if he’d had to sit with Steve on one of those brown suede couches, opposite a woman in front of whom he’d have had to lie and tell all kinds of stories to give a vanilla-flavoured version of exactly what had happened between the two of them.
There’s a tremendously satisfying thud when the door makes contact with the door frame.
“There’s absolutely no reason why you might be Bucky Barnes?” Tony offers.
The killer wheels around, locking eyes with Tony, who feels the blood rush out of his face. The man’s face in the light is horrible, awful, disgusting, and more than just the withered, burned skin and flesh that Tony can see is the hate in his dark, beady eyes.
All he knows is that the gem is here, in Dwārakā, and Steve knows where it is.
He made sloppy mistakes at first, almost got himself thrown in jail, but with the grace of God, apparently, he stayed out of trouble.
“Hey,” Tony says, gently, “come here.”
Tony’s eyes widen with panic, and he starts shaking Steve’s shoulders, with one hand, while trying to wrestle control of the car with the other, which isn’t helped by the fact that Steve’s foot is firmly on the gas.
Abraham swallows, and with great hesitation that Tony feels in his bones, he nods at Tony, who gives the dial a final turn, pleading with God to forgive him.
,” Tony insists.
“Shut up!” Hodge hisses. “You’re gonna bring the whole camp down on us.”
Steve sighs. “No, Buck, we talked about it a lot, you know? He… he was always angrier at me than he was at you. He knows that you were forced into it; he just… he had a harder time forgiving me for lying to him all that time,” he says, quietly.
His eyes grasp the flex of muscle as James draws out, the tip of his cock catches on his red-rimmed hole, and then, he rams back in, Tony’s body rocking with the force of the thrust. Tony throws his arm over his head, catches and holds onto the bed post for the dear life.
“Yeah, and I’m still not good with it!” Tony snaps, his eyes over-bright. “I am trying very hard to make sure that our kids don’t end up like me, Steve, but that doesn’t mean that I’m magically fixed, that all of my fucking issues have faded into dust just like that. I don’t
“Tony, do we need to talk about this?”
“Fuck you, fuck you, Rogers,” he swears. “You think, you think you can show up after all of these years, after what you did to me, after what you did to my
Tony can’t breathe, his hands clutching at the console, and then, the EKG starts to beep again.
“Yes, sir.”
His alpha would not like to come home from battle only to find that his omega had slain his brother.
“Caroline?” Steve asks, unsure.
“Who the fuck do you think you are?”
A hand curls around Tony’s ankle, yanking him into the bushes. Tony goes down with a yelp, and the branches scratch at him through his night clothes, but then, there’s a familiar face hovering over him, a grin splitting Steve’s face in half.
, they won’t let him
He’s in freefall, and his gut is somewhere around his ears, and there’s a scream that builds up in his throat that he catches behind the cage of his teeth, the blood hot in his face and molten in his veins, and then, he’s hitting something hard, and two bodies are tumbling to the ground.
“It’s okay. I’ve called the ambulance.”
“No, it’s
“I actually remember that,” Bhim says, with a soft smile.
“You weren’t kidding,” Steve says, roughly. “About being close to your heat.”
“Do you have any idea the things that I did?” Tony asks, feeling the stinging, biting shame at the memories. “The things I did to get you to… to
“Thank you,” he says, fervently, clutching at her hands.
“You sound delusional,” Steve says, flat, gravelly.
Steve scrunches his face up. “That’s not Italian, is it?”
Steve frowns. “What about Bucky?”
His throat flexes, and he sinks down on the edge of the mattress, rubbing at his eyes.
The piece in question knocks against his breastbone, warm from his body heat.
Steve lifts an eyebrow. “Handsome?” he drawls.
“Okay,” Tony murmurs and settles up against his side, slinging an arm over his waist.
“Shut up,” James’ answer is swift.
“That doesn’t mean that he doesn’t have them,” James points out. “If you ever want to figure out this whole clusterfuck, I suggest you find out if he has pictures.”
“So, why not tell me the truth?” Steve demands.
Tony doesn’t even know if he should be breathing.
“Why are we so fucking slow?” Tony shouts at Steve.
“Hey, hey, just wait, wait a second,” Tony says, swallowing hard, as he tries to stop Steve from pulling away. “I don’t think I went about this as well as I could have. I love you, I love you more than anything, and I am as attracted to you like this, as I was this morning.”
did? That wasn’t one of the skills they uploaded into my brain, Tony. They knew. If I didn’t leave, I would’ve led them straight to you-”
Tony rolls his eyes upward.
Tony eyes the kids in front of the TV. “Do you mind-”
Steve’s hand circles Tony’s bare knees. “You’re such a good boy, Tony, such a good boy for me. Look at you. I can see everything. I can see every inch of you. I can see how good you take that vibrator. I can see what a slut you are, your pretty cock that’s ready to burst and that greedy fucking hole. It’s clenching around the vibrator so tight ‘cause I don’t think you can live without a nice, big, fat cock in there.”
His nose is bleeding from the impact; Tony feels a smidge of guilt.
“It was none of your business.”
“Blame me for Bucky.” Steve shuffles closer, perching on the edge of the seat. “It was my fault, Tony,” he says, pathetically earnest. “It was my fault that he became the Winter Soldier.”
“Oh, please, look at you,” Steve says, derisively. “You’re really telling me that someone who looks like you would want to be with someone like me, the way that I am now? You really expect me to believe that.”
He’s fairly certain that this is the point where people are supposed to cry.
“Right,” Steve says, slowly, the set of his jaw sharp like a knife’s edge. “And what did you say?”
Steve’s hands fly to the belt buckle of his slacks, and he pulls it from the loop, quietly. He unzips his slacks, the sound cutting through the air, and he looks down at Tony, sitting primly and obediently on his knees in front of him, before fishing a hand down his pants to grab at his cock.
He winces, when his arm rubs up against Steve’s shoulders.
“Because that’s not fair!”
“And you accept that Tony is completely capable of making his own decisions, is smart enough to make those decisions?”
, how are you doing?” she asks, kindly, her eyes drifting up to catch his, even though her hand continues with the knife in steady, rapid movements.
Natasha’s brow furrows. She hesitates. “Steve has asked me to stay with you tonight, if you would allow me to do so.”
James grins at him, waggling his eyebrows.
“Technically, it’s illegal-” Steve begins.
“I won’t ask twice. I don’t care how good of a fucking assassin you are.”
He knocks on the door to Sam and Wanda’s cute little suburban home, and the door opens almost immediately.
“And I don’t,” Steve insists.
“I’m gonna fuck you so full, doll,” Steve grunts, his hands tightening around her thighs, as he spreads her wide open. “I’m gonna fuck you so full, and you’re gonna be so full of my come, when you sit like a prim little princess in that meetin’ of yours, tryin’ to keep it from leakin’ out. And then, when you’re done, you’re gonna come back right here, and we’re not even gonna make it back to the bedroom, doll. I’m just gonna bend you over the back of the fuckin’ couch and fuck you all over again until you’re screamin’ my name.”
“That’s not completely true,” Tony says, hurriedly, and both of them look at him. “He… he has dreams of Steve. He… he thinks he knows him but doesn’t know details, you know? It’s like he… I guess, it’s like when you see someone on the street and it’s like déjà vu, they seem so similar, like you’ve met them before, but you don’t know where you know them from.”
Tony smiles. “A very good thing,” he promises. He kisses Steve, softly. “I’ll never forget this night, Steve Rogers.”
“Hi,” Tony says, breathlessly, the heart-wrenching mix of anxiety and relief clamping around his body like a vice.
“You got hurt, Wanda,” Tony says, softly. “I’m so sorry about that.”
Tony pads forward, kissing him gently on the corner of his mouth. “I wanted you before, too,” he promises. “It’s not just… it’s not just what the serum did to you. I wanted you before.”
A grin blazes across James’ face, the lines around his eyes softening. “So, we’d be able to spy on the redhead?”
Toni stressed for days leading up to the conversation with Peter.
Tony frowns.
“Why would
In the air pocket, Tony’s head breaks the surface and smashes into rock again. The pocket is only six inches deep, but it’s enough, and he gulps down enough air that he can now breathe.
James looks at Tony, pleadingly.
Written for the "Natasha Romanov" square (O4) for the STB Bingo Round 1.
“Yeah, kid, it’s me,” Steve says, roughly, still somehow giddy with relief, and his face twists up, as his throat flexes.
“Hi,” Tony says, warily.
Tony peers up at him. “For what?”
, after all.”
He pours a plentiful amount into the second glass and offers it to Tony.
Tony stretches like a cat across his couch. “Why don’t you change that?”
“This is not the point of you. This is not why we’re together,” Tony insists.
Even Tony knows that he’s lying.
He wakes up, when a hand lightly shakes his shoulder.
?” James asks, sceptically, his face scrunching up.
Steve leans down and kisses him with lazy ease. “It’s okay, honey. I’m here, I’ll protect you,” he teases. “I won’t leave your side. Hell, I’ll, uh, even throw my body over yours.”
? Or is it that you think that I’m so down with everything? That I’m such a massive slut, so I’d be cool with you fucking someone else and crawling into my bed?”
“Okay, time for food. What do you want for breakfast?” Tony asks, perusing the shelves.
“No,” Tony says, fiercely, taking Steve’s flinch in stride, “but it wasn’t about that. I didn’t help him because I’m in love with him. I helped him because I thought he deserved my help. They’re two different things.”
“What else am I supposed to say here, huh? Pretend like it’s not happening. I’m not that good of a liar, honey, and no offence, but I’m not sitting here and acting like everything’s fucking fine when my husband is opening his legs for someone else.”
They stop in the living room, and Natasha turns to her, heavy like her body is heavy, full of burdens.
“Sex isn’t everything,” Tony says, carefully. “Love means more than sex, and I have that in spades for you, and I believe you have it in spades for me too.”
They’re seated promptly at the restaurant when they arrive, the hostess blinking fast and hard when she realises that it’s Tony Stark who’s come to her restaurant, with his oh-so handsome husband.
“If we just… stopped with us for the time being, until Thor comes back with a solution.” Steve pinches the bridge of his nose. “Come on, Tony, just… just be honest with me. You wouldn’t want to be with me like this, and we both know it.”
Finally, he clears his throat. “I think it’s
He sits first, and Tony lowers his head, as is done when an alpha and omega are in private.
“Why would you?” Steve asks, confused. “Look at you.”
“You never
“It’s too quiet. The engines have shut down.”
, royally fucking sucks because I’m married and I have kids now, and are you seeing, are you
They crack open the plastic boxes, and Tony passes one each to the twins, putting the fork in their hands. They stumble a little at the beginning, and because the take-out container is so full, they end up slicing half the noodles in the attempt to take it out of the box, and it ends up splattering over the table.
Tony grinds his teeth. “Okay, you have me there,” he admits grudgingly. He smacks Steve on that firm bicep of his. “I can’t believe you were having the same dreams as all of us were and you didn’t fucking say anything.”
It sickens him, the idea that he might have fallen in love with someone who ended up doing the same thing as his father.
“No, you’re making out with your almost grooms, and this isn’t the show that your guests were expecting. Now, stop it and come and explain what’s going to happen.” Pepper’s blue eyes flit to Steve and Bucky. “By the way, if you two ditch my best friend at the altar, Rhodey and I are going to hurt you,” she says, cheerfully.
Steve grinds his teeth, before his head flops forward onto James’ shoulder, where his metal arm joins his body, and his hand, the hand that isn’t gripping James by the hip to the point of bruising, slides down the panels of his prosthetic until he’s tangling his fingers with James’ metal one.
He tells him vulgar stories of alphas and omegas engaging in lewd behaviour and pretends that they are just jokes, and that it is Tony that needs to let go of that damnable chasteness of his, when everyone in the lands know that there is no possible way that Tony could still be a green boy.
“You may sit as well,” Lord Steven says, quietly. “You don’t have to… you don’t have to lower your head. I am no master, Tony.”
“Well, I don’t know about the demons, but there are alien gods who have warhammers that can summon lightning and we’re friends with them, so who fucking knows?”
Tony stares down at the shredded remains of his night clothes.
“See. Neither of us are angry at you, Steve. We love you, don’t we, James?”
Wanda is the one that pushes him out the door.
, because I thought you were capable of doing something like that to me, and even if you had cheated on me, I shouldn’t have done that to myself. I shouldn’t have thought that way about myself, but I did, but those were because of
In the corner of his eyes, he sees Peter, flipping through the air. Something in Tony’s chest crumples.
“What do we say about trying to go back to sleep?” he offers.
It moves ominously under Steve’s weight. The last two torches still burning on the floor go out. Now, the only light in the chamber is provided by the torches held by Steve and Tony and the dwindling oil flames. Snakes move in and surround the base of the pillar that Steve is climbing.
“I never said you were!”
Tony wishes he could hug her.
“No,” Tony says, firmly. “No, I don’t think I’m ugly. I think I’m hot, very hot.”
“Steve wanted to apologise,” Natasha explains. “An insurance emergency came up, and so, he doesn’t think he’s going to be back until really late.
“Very well. I hope you know… well, if you tell me that you do not want this match, Omega Stark, I will go and speak to Lord Stane and end all discussion of it.”
Everything is normal, except for the desperate hummingbird-esque hammering of his heart in his chest.
“Yes, once,” Steve says, honestly. “It was a long time ago, before we got together, and we were on a mission. We were being followed by the bad guy, and we were on the escalator, and she said that public displays of affection make people very uncomfortable. I agreed, because they make
No matter how hard Tony shouts, bangs on the screen, Natasha never once looks at the window; she just pulls the twisted covers around her shoulders and succumbs once more to sleep.
“So, you were lying,” Steve accuses.
“Like the doppelgangers from the Vampire Diaries?”
, he thinks, dazed.
Tony doesn’t quite understand how the Nazis legitimately thought he could pass off as an Indian fisherman, but right now, he has much better things to worry about.
“But how do you
“And I hate that, I hate that you lied to me. I hate that you didn’t think much of me, and I hate that you’re using that as a fucking excuse to justify you lying to me for
Maushmi purses her lips. “Tony,
He ends the call and finds Sam’s phone number, pressing the number to call him.
Tony remembers crying when Rhodey moved away; they still talk, still email, still Facetime, all of it, but it’s not the same as having them there.
Tony rolls his eyes. “I’m not saying this to make you feel bad,” he says, even though some part of it tastes like a lie. “I’m just saying that I wake up hard, and I come so hard, quickly, with my hand wrapped around my cock, and sometimes, I use the vibrator or the dildos, but it’s not enough, Steve. It doesn’t feel like
And then, he’d stopped, turned a furious red, and told the children, very politely, that those are bad words and we don’t use those sorts of words, especially little kids.
“Spread your legs for me.”
Steve’s eyes dawn with realisation. “–maybe this guy goes away.”
“No, that’s just one of your perks. So, how do we do this?” James asks, curiously.
Alpha do as they please to their omega brides; if Steven Rogers wants him dead, wants to beat him black and blue for some perceived slight, he does not need to be a bad man to do it.
“How do you know?” Tony prods. “How do you know that he’s gone?”
“What did I do to deserve you?” he asks, after a moment.
“Now that I’ve said it, you agree that I’m fat and that I have wrinkles?”
“Scared of what?”
? The things that I bought, the… the fucking
“Jarvis!” he rasps, begging.
seen you naked.”
Tony’s face dimples with pleasure. “Something great in a past life, I suppose,” he says, haughtily.
He will never be the same after this night.
They turn at the next corner, and they know exactly where they’re going, as though Obadiah knew they were coming and was welcoming them. The skies are dark, the colours the colour of a fresh bruise. There’s a single tree by the ruins of the preschool, the leaves and branches of which are infested with crows.
Warnings for this chapter: the aftermath of the previous chapter, emotional infidelity, lying to your partner.
He hears Jarvis walk on by into the rest of his room, and he thrusts his head under the shower spray, drenching his hair, humming to himself, the words coming to his brain without much forethought.
“I’m not,” Steve flushes, “I’m not…
it in their eyes.”
Steve stares at him, eyes wide, shocked, his scent a little stilted and weak, presumably from his poor health.
“With my life,” Grant assures him. “I wish you good fortune in the wars to come, brother.”
Steve shakes his head, his face pale and thin and frayed. “That’s not…
“If that’s what you want to be, we’ll be friends,” James says, firmly.
“And I offered to help you with the faction that was in HYDRA that you were following. That was the only reason you were in Boston, right? From the beginning to the end. That’s all you cared about.”
Major Tags: Post Infinity War AU, Married Life, Explicit Sexual Content, Major Character Death.
Tony smiles after them, unable to stop the fondness to curl in the empty spaces in his ribcage. “Yeah, they are,” he says, unable to drive the affection from his voice.
“What time is it?” Tony whispers, his voice dragging like steel on stone.
“Good,” Tony smooths his hand over their hair as he slides to his feet. “Why don’t you guys go wait by the car, while I have a quick chat with Aunt Wanda, huh?”
Tony twists his head to face him before he can second-guess himself.
“Fuck,” he hisses, shifting on the bed, trying to get a better angle, rocking back against his own fingers. “Fuck, Steve, please,
“That’s not
Steve squeezes his hand. “Tony, you weren’t a rebound. I saw you, and it was like… I don’t know, it was like the world shifted, like all the light in that bar was drawn to you. You were… you were fighting off this dick’s advances, and I could see that you were holding your own, barely resisting the urge to punch him in the face, and I couldn’t stop myself from intervening. And then, there was the fight, and you patched me up, and I realised the next morning, Tony, that I hadn’t thought of Bucky once.”
Sometimes, Tony can’t help himself, his curiosity like a raging, reeling animal beating within his chest, and he asks JARVIS to tap into the phone call from his workshop.
It is a month’s ride to the Brooklyn Lands, to the castle which Lord Steven calls home.
Grant smiles, a slow, lascivious thing that makes something curdle in Tony’s gut. “I already apologise for what you walked in on, Tony. It shan’t happen again.”
“No, wait, please–”
“I made a new setting to the camera,” he says, matter of fact, accessing one of the views on the camera. “It’s called a monster setting.”
Tony deflates like a tyre hitting a shard of glass on the road. “Maybe this is both of our faults,” he says, quietly. “Maybe we both fucked up. Maybe we should’ve… just communicated, you know? Talked this shit out. If I’d… if I’d come to you when I first started getting suspicious that you were seeing someone behind my back, then, maybe we wouldn’t be standing here at the edge of…” he trails off. “well, I guess, the edge of divorce.”
They ask him again.
“Maybe we should call Steve,” Pepper offers, clearly noticing Tony’s mood dipping.
Tony points to him.
“Well, it looks like Steve had one of his early days, and so, he decided to go and pick up the kids instead. He got home and I wasn’t there, because I was still on my way home, so when he asked me where I was, I told him I was at a friend’s place. Mouse asked me if it was the same guy who’d shown up that day, and I said yes, so, you know, thank you for that.”
do you want from me, Steve? What more do I have to give you?” He pinches the bridge of his nose. “You haven’t given a shit about me in ages,” he says, with a savage, mirthless smile. “Why do you suddenly care about what I’m doing?”
“That was for Steve,” he growls and brings it down again, making Obadiah scream.
. So, yeah, it would’ve been a fucking disservice.”
James is in a daze, and he just does as Tony tells him to.
Steve’s hands fall to his hips. “Okay, I won’t screw up,” he promises.
“You had best return to your room,” he advises. “We don’t want the servants to start talking. After all, if my brother were to find out, you would be swiftly thrown out of this castle without a stitch of clothing, if not killed.”
Tony just scowls at her. “Shut up.”
In his hand, Tony can see his phone, and he reaches for it, disconnecting the call before it can go through.
Steve is sitting on the couch, in front of the coffee table. Atop the coffee table is a decanter of scotch and two glasses. One is full, the one that Steve is drinking from, and he lifts it then, seeing Tony in the doorway, his mouth closing around the rim, his throat flexing as he drinks.
“You… you…” he closes his eyes, freeing Tony of the weight of his rage. “You, I can’t believe you. I can’t
“So, basically, you’re saying that I’m a deadbeat,” Steve says, carefully, even if Tony can detect the low, shuddering breath that he intakes.
Tony nods. “His name is in there, on the label. Obadiah Stane, see,” he points to the label.
“Ooh, good idea,” Tony whispers.
The shield pendant falls out of his shirt, dangling back and forth, almost like a barb.
“I…” Tony shakes his head, comes closer to the kids so that he can crouch in front of him. He holds his arms out, and they come closer, close enough to touch his knees. “Where did you… where did you learn that word?”
“And as for your concern about the proof that I have, I have plenty of proof. I have you acting like a shady jackass for the better part of a year. I have the necklace. I have all your secret phone calls. I have the sly way that she showed up at our house with take-out and marriage advice – has she ever been married before, by the way? Is there a Mr Romanoff who is the exact same position I am? And I have the way she touched you in that restaurant. I have the way that you never mentioned her until you were forced to introduce her to me. And I have the sex.”
.” Steve licks his mouth as if it’s dry. “He looked insane enough to do it.”
“Yes, yes, I’m yours, only yours,” Tony says, eagerly, rolling his hips back against the thrust of Steve’s fingers inside him.
my marriage. I don’t give a shit how good your intentions were. You had no business setting up that powder keg.”
He has him in the library, in the stables, and often, in his own chambers, so that there is no part of this castle that Tony considers to be a safe place.
Tony scowls harder. “Fuck off,” he says without much heat.
One night, they take their meal in Steve’s chambers and Tony asks him about it.
Tony nods.
Tony tries three different outfits before he settles on a black t-shirt and a pair of jeans that make his ass look great – Steve, despite wanting to pretend otherwise, is definitely an ass man.
“Fuck no,” James says immediately.
They nod again.
“Morning, Miss Romanoff,” a pleasant voice says.
He knows that Obadiah is there somewhere, in the darkness of the boiler room, behind the pipes, lingering around the corner.
, and it’s been such a struggle, and his head’s felt like underwater for months, muted and decaying slowly, and now, he feels whole, he feels like he can smile and have it not be a lie to make someone else feel better.
Dr. Banner dabs at his split lip, caused by Tony as well, and he nods. “Okay, fair enough.”
The men start swearing in German, and then, Tony’s firing his gun, twice in succession, and the bullets are cleaving through the centre of their skulls, and they’re hitting the ground in sodden thuds.
His stomach tapers in, and he still has a flat belly, even if it isn’t as taut as it once was. If he sits down, though, there will be rolls of fat against his stomach as well, but all he can think is that it’s not as flat as it was before, when Steve and him first met, first made love.
Obadiah shoves him towards his chambers. “I have sent the maids to draw you a bath. You will clean yourself with the oils and scents, and you will dress in what I have left you. I expect you to be ready and attired appropriately and waiting in the courtyard for our guests. If you are not, well,” he lets the threat hang, “it would be in your best interests to not tamper with this alliance in any way, Tony.”
“I love you,” Steve says, with a passion that borders on madness. “And maybe, maybe that doesn’t mean anything to you anymore. Maybe I’ve hurt you too much. You’re right. I should’ve talked to you all those years ago. I should’ve told you what your father threatened me with. We should have made the decision together, and I stole that from you. You’re right. I just… I do love you though. I haven’t stopped loving you all these years, Tony. I only thought about you. I thought about, I thought about your eyes and your hair and your smile and your hands and the way you said my name, and the food that you made when I was sick, and when you slipped into speaking in Tamil or Kannada. I missed everything about you, Tony. I missed you, and yeah, I’m not going to deny that when the museum told me to look for you so that I could find your father, I was thrilled at the idea of seeing
“I met her a week or so after my birthday,” he goes on. “We’d… we’d gone out for my birthday, just me and Steve, at that Italian place we like? He bought me that necklace, the gold one.”
“That’s really interesting, sweetheart, because I called Pepper,” Steve says, his voice sharpening. “Because I wanted to know when you’d come home, whether you wanted me to grab some takeaway for dinner. But you want to know what sort of conversation I had with Pepper?”
“The kids, James. I have kids. They’re tiny, they’re so tiny; what… what am I going to do?” Tony lurches to his feet, panic clawing at his throat. “I have to go. I have to go and grab them from school. I’ll… I’ll call Steve on the way, and we’ll, uh, we’ll get out of here. We’ll leave. This guy, he won’t be able to find us.”
Pepper scents the water with fragrant oils, and he smells rosewater and sandalwood in the billowing smoke that rises to the ceiling. He sinks in wholly, submerging every inch of his body, before floating upwards with a gasp, his hair dripping. Pepper takes a seat beside him and washes his hair, combing through the dark strands, all in silence, and then, she scrubs his back, his feet.
Then, the waiter shows up with their food and any and every pursuit of this conversation ends right there.
“I’m not sleeping with her,” Steve says, firmly.
“Okay, so, let’s look at this log, which should help us sort of muddle our way through the… well, what the curriculum sets as the benchmarks for kids that Peter and Maushmi’s age,” Ms Lewis offers. “So, they both can identify and write their letters.”
Tony inclines his head, accepting receipt of her words, but doesn’t offer a word of forgiveness.
“I’m glad I came back too,” James says, his hands burning right through to his hips.
Tony remains silent.
Tony laughs, harsh and grating, holding up his slashed arm. “You call this feeling better? Or maybe, I should grab a bottle like Dad and get started on the family business a lot earlier than expected? Or I could take those pills that you think no one knows about, avoid everything happening to me by just getting good and loaded–”
God, what if he is dead? What will Tony do then?
That’s Hodge, right there.
Tony’s face shows his surprise.
“Oh, no argument on that,” Coulson retorts.
He turns onto his back and stretches out his arm for Tony to shuffle back and rest against his side.
He’s always loved Sarah.
“What-what did she say?” Steve says, his hands trembling like butterfly wings.
Suddenly, Rumlow approaches the chest.
her. She
Tony blinks. “Here, as in the barracks, or here, as in–”
Grant’s eyes never leave his.
“Did I stutter?” Tony demands. “Out! Out! We’re closed! Do your killing outside! And don’t leave any bodies on the porch!”
Steve stares at him, unbearably soft. “If something happens to them, you’re not going to have time to kill yourself, because you’re going to have to kill me instead. They’re coming out of this safe and alive, Tony. There’s no other way out of it.”
“I remember,” Tony murmurs, his eyes growing heavy at the mere memory.
Pipes are hissing above him, and there are a series of catwalks and platforms, made out of iron and steel, that he traverses.
So, Tony provided that incentive, so that Steve would come home,
And maybe, maybe this is all that he and Steve can be.
Tony brings the shovel down again.
Her long, dark hair is draped over her naked back, and when he flattens one of his hands on the dip to her spine, she makes a soft little noise into the pillow, shifting closer to him. He shifts onto his side, slinging his arm over her waist, and she curls up against him, pressing her breasts against his side.
“But–”
Tony snorts. “Dad really agreed to that?”
James looks thoughtful. “I
“Can you say that you would be bedding me for the right reasons?” Steve asks, gravely.
James frowns. “I’ll go and talk to your husband. I’ll explain everything. I’ll tell him that we’re just friends, that there’s nothing going on between us, that it was just one night a very long time ago. I’ll explain to him who I am, and what you were helping me with. That should make it all okay, right?”
“Huh,” James says, stunned.
“Okay,” Tony says, relieved.
Suddenly, the floor underneath him disappears, and he’s pulled down sharply, the dim light of the surface, the rest of the shower receding with each yank on his ankle. He flails, breaking towards the surface, as though he was in a tub of water and drowning. With pure panic, he manages to breach the surface.
“Is that okay?” she braves.
?” Maushmi asks, long-sufferingly, her brow creased in confusion. “You have a nice bed. It’s really big. I like jumping on it.”
The frat boy squeaked, thrashing against the grip that Steve had against him.
“You feel so fuckin’ good, baby girl,” Steve mutters into her breast, taking her nipple between his teeth and tugging until she’s crying out at the shard of pain-pleasure. “You’re so tight, so wet, so hot. God, I could stay in this pretty fuckin’ pussy for the rest of my life, I swear.” He brushes her sweat-damp hair out of her eyes. “How you doin’, baby? You still with me?”
“Yeah,” Steve exhales, “because there was some sort of mathematical error with one of the orders, right? You got a call from Pepper, and she asked you to come down and fix it?”
Steve leaves that night.
Whatever Grant does with him, it is of this nature.
His body hits the ground off the edge of the bed.
“Great.” Tony runs his tongue over the seam of his lips. “So, while he still has his ability to speak, would you mind…?” he trails off, pointedly, gesturing in the direction of where Loki was being kept.
that comes from the crowd gathered is absolutely worth the crick in her neck.
He can’t imagine any of his children not inheriting his colour.
Maushmi and Peter nod, promptly.
Steve sinks onto the barstool, like every muscle in his body is too heavy for him to hold up. “What happened?”
“Okay, then.”
“I think that’s one very good reason we should talk about this,” James says, quietly.
He dresses himself quickly and saunters out the door.
Phillips scowls. “Just how many orders do you plan on disobeying, Captain?” he demands.
“Don’t go,” Tony blurts out, his hand tangling in the front of James’ shirt.
“I can imagine. One of our friends died last night, and another one of our friends was arrested for her murder. The fucking dreams we’re going to have–” Steve shakes his head, scrubbing his hand over his jaw.
“You wanted me to remember what exactly I have waiting for me here at home; you wanted me to come to the grand realisation that despite whatever life I might have beyond the four walls of this house, whatever distractions I may have found on the few occasions that I had the audacity to be away from this temple, my true purpose is right here, right? And if I came to that grand realisation while you had your cock inside me, well, that was just the double cherry on top.”
Tony finds himself turning red, even if this is hardly the most raunchy, dirty thing that he and Steve have done together (he remembers one night in Cambridge, where Steve had stripped him of all of his clothes in some dirty alley behind a bar, covered him with his bulk, even as he remained fully-clothed, and fucked him until he came hard against the brick wall).
“I’ll go,” he says, swallowing compulsively.
Be strong, they said, even when his bark was worse than his bite and he routinely got his ass beat in alleyways.
Steve’s eyes meet his. “Of course I do,” he says, without hesitation.
“I just…” Bucky dragged his hand over his face. “Look, we love you. You love us. We want to spend the rest of our lives with you.”
Peggy snorts. “And you’re not?”
It’s not fair that it’s allowed to stay the same, and so much has changed for Steve and for Tony.
“We’re going to sleep,” he says, sternly, pulling back the covers. “All of us. We need a couple more hours, and then, we can get up.”
“Don’t be; we’re friends. I’ll handle it.”
“He… he’s been cagey the last few months,” Tony explains. “You’re right; he doesn’t spend much time at home, and he’s always… he’s always on a business trip or a conference or there’s always some claim that he has to work on, and for fuck’s sake, in what universe do they have a fucking conference on insurance claims every two weeks. It’s bullshit,” he says, full of fury. “He leaves really early in the morning and comes back really late at night, and it’s always the same excuse, that work is busy. No one’s work is
Tony scowls. “Look, it’s healthy.”
blow up, Steve can’t turn around and say that he didn’t know that there were problems.
It’s just him now, and this house, the one that Tony had left behind, like this undefinable tribute to him, the one that doesn’t know how to live and breathe without him (the others are different, Rhodey and Pepper and Peter, they’re all capable of living and breathing without him; once upon a time, Steve thought he could too, and then, he loved Tony and married him and made a life with him and then lost him and realised,
Tony reaches out, takes the ring box from Steve’s pale hand, and peers at it.
The castle is suitably shocked, and Tony hears the whispers.
Tony looks at his husband one night over dinner, a rare event where Steve is at home on time to join them, even helps out when Maushmi and Peter would prefer to chat about school rather than eat the food on their plate, making noises and telling strange, fantastical stories about the fictional Captain America and Iron Man that Maushmi and Peter have been listening about since they were in diapers.
Tony wonders if he’s thinking of his elusive Ms Romanoff.
“I’m sure I look handsome as fuck,” Tony teases.
. You have duties to me as well,” Tony says, his mouth lifting into a snarl.
“My brother.” Grant’s face shifts into an expression of sheer loathing. “You mean my brother, who can’t bring himself to fuck you, his omega?”
“I don’t
“Come on!”
He can feel the press of Grant’s erection against his hip, and he closes his eyes, willing the moment to end as soon as possible.
Tony runs his tongue over his lower lip. “Okay, okay, uh, and they’re-they’re having fun, they have friends, they’re happy here?”
“Tony, just explain what’s going on!”
“You don’t… neither of you knew this, right?” he asks in a small voice, uncertain and childlike. “You didn’t, I mean, this wasn’t some big, intricate plot to, uh, to trick me or something, to perform some really fucked-up experiment on me, see how long it would take to make me crack.”
Today, though, today, it means acknowledging his profound childhood interest in the subject of Captain America, which involved listening avidly to all of the stories that Peggy and his father would tell him, reading up on him as much as he can, dissecting each of his files, which included the one which listed all of the ailments that Steve had before he’d gotten the serum.
He has nothing to be ashamed of; he has no reason to cower under the sheets because Steve’s had his fill of him, and now, like jealousy is the only fucking thing that exists in their marriage, the only true, honest emotion, he has the fucking nerve to do this, to treat him like this, to lay claim to him like he has any fucking right after everything that he’s done.
“He’s Steve’s best friend. Like I said, he disappeared on his first tour. They never…” Tony sends a hesitant look towards Steve. “They never recovered his body. Steve just… got a letter one day.”
“They had shit coffee, right,” James muses. “You used to spit it out in the plants.”
“You have nothing, you people. That is why you steal from us because you know you have nothing,” Tony murmurs. “You stole a symbol, which, to us, means peace, and you made it a sign of your despicable killing. You took a word which means
So, he has two choices, and inevitably, it comes down to the two men in his life: Steve or James.
“Absolutely,” Steve says, confidently.
Tony starts backing away as James stalks towards him, all of that hard muscle under his skin, those long, gorgeous lines of his body, and then, he’s hitting the wall with a dull thud, his palm flattening to keep him on his feet, as James crowds him against the wall, not so close that he feels that he can’t leave but not so far away that Tony would lose sight of the point that he’s making.
“Even if you have other babies?”
“Trust me,” Steve says, firmly, resolution clear in the line of his jaw. He pats the shield pendant which fits against the winged shape of Tony’s collarbone. “I’ll kick his ass.”
He’s never asked them about it.
He drags his hands through his hair.
Peter fists his little hand in the collar of James’ hand, tugging to get his attention. When James turns, Peter begins to speak in low, cajoling voice.
After a while, Tony begins to study him, his heart pounding like a jackhammer in his chest, something akin to fear slithering against his lungs.
Tony frowns. “Different how?”
Tony rolls his eyes. “To be fair, I don’t have a type,” he points out. “I am what they used to call – before they realised that it was a slur and people can do whatever the fuck they want with their own bodies – a
Steve nods.
Tony gapes at him in disbelief. “You actually remember that?”
“No,” Tony says slowly. “Because I do cook in this house, and what, you never want me to make you
Thankfully, he’d long-ago stifled his ability to show shame on the outside, and at 4:30, he’s climbing up the steps of the demountables, while the teacher’s 4:00 appointment brushes past him, and he keenly feels the empty space at his side.
“I just can’t do that, so I’m going, I’m going to find them. You can… you can tag along if you’d like, but I can’t stay here.” He takes a look at Wanda, and the guilt twists in his chest like a bright, living thing. “I’m sorry,” he whispers. “I’m so fucking sorry. Thank you, thank you for everything.” He shakes his head. “Let’s go.”
Steve narrows his eyes. “Why?”
But she wants him, she wants to spend her life with him, and who is he to say that she isn’t entitled to what she wants?
“The Black Widow,” Tony says, slowly, sounding out the words. “That’s what she’s called?”
“You want trust, give some,” Tony says, his voice low, dangerous. “I want to see the money before you walk out of here.”
Tony knows nothing after that.
Maushmi and Jarvis show up in the room, rustling the curtain aside. Maushmi rushes to his side.
The tears in Peter’s eyes as he fades into nothing still haunt him today.
Even Steve, who Tony knows grew up there, doesn’t talk like there, not anymore, almost like he’s afraid that he will be judged for coming from there, coming from nothing, the same way that when Tony was younger he’d tried very hard to make up for the glaring shortcoming that is his dark skin, the undeniable signal that he’s not completely white.
Oh, my God, he’s found himself in Love Actually.
Steve remains silent.
“I’ll fix it,” Steve promises.
She says it with such a darkness to her voice that fury boils deep in his chest as he thinks of Tiberius Stone, what Toni had told him about their relationship, what Stone had done to her, and the indignity of her being forced to see him again, because of fucking business, when he’d tried his damned hardest to put her in a fucking grave.
Steve lifts his head, still splayed over the inert grenade. “Uh, is this a test?”
Steve’s brow furrows. “What?”
The sound that Tony wants to make is like a cat dying, and he barely gets it stuck in his throat before he’s turning around, covering his eyes.
“Marry me,” Steve says, firmly. And then, his shoulders cave, curve inward. “I thought… I mean, I practiced how I would do this in the mirror like fifty times, and then, I realised… this is how I want to do it. I just… I want to marry you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you, and I guess I’m hoping that you’ll want to marry me as well.”
He drags his hand over his face.
Two nurses rush up to them, taking Tony from Steve and into one of the open rooms.
Link: https://archiveofourown.org/works/27835402/chapters/68146426
Maushmi rolls her eyes. “It’s to find monsters, dumbo,” she says, scathingly.
“Suck him off first, baby,” Steve tells him, his voice rumbling out, and Tony shudders at the tone his voice adopts, it hitting all the right spots, his cock and his fingers and toes. “And once you’ve made him come, I’ll start getting him ready to take my cock.”
“You have no idea,” Steve whispers. “You have no idea what it’s like to spend your life unwanted, the guy that others wouldn’t scrape off the end of your shoe. You have no idea what it’s like to go on a fucking double date and have your date’s face fall in disappointment when she finally sees you. You have no idea what it’s like to be the guy at the bar that
The killer comes towards him, smiling harder now, the tendons stretching gruesomely over his face.
“It seemed to have worked out well enough for you in the end,” Tony says, carefully, honest, without a hint of meanness.
“Yeah.”
He collapses on top of James’ chest, and Steve slings an arm around his waist, pressing his kiss against his temple, fierce and firm and almost harsh.
“He left?” Tony clarifies.
“Fuck,” Sam curses into the phone, and there’s a clatter, like he’s just stood up.
“No, no, it doesn’t. It doesn’t. I thought… I thought it did. I thought I had to protect you more than anything else, and then, I came home, and you were–”
“We’re taking the fight to Hydra. Pack your bags, Agent. You, too, Stark.”
God, only he would get turned on while his kids are being held hostage somewhere and possibly being hurt by some assholes who have a revenge boner for the three of them.
“One last thing,” Toni murmurs, and she takes a seat where Rhodey had just said, so that she can rest the pad of her foot on Steve and Bucky’s upturned thighs, so that they can slip the silver toe rings onto her second toe on either foot.
When he turns around, a low, startled noise escapes his throat, as he sees three men charging at Steve and James near the door. He hadn’t even seen them lurking in the darkness when he’d rushed to get the children, and he watches, clutching the kids to his stomach, so they can’t see, as Steve and James dispatch them quickly.
A grin splits Steve’s face in two, showing a row of straight, white teeth, which only serves to create a flutter in Tony’s belly. He draws Tony close again and kisses him, lazy, with ease.
“Nope. I was wondering, I… I asked my mother about us, about how we met, all four of us. She said… she said that we knew each other from when we were in the sandbox, all of us, all four of us.”
Zola even tells him that some of his men have unnatural, deviant urges, and that if Tony continues to remain silent, Zola will let his men have Tony to slake those urges in, as an incentive for their continued loyalty – after all, Zola knows that Tony already has those unnatural, deviant urges himself, judging by his relationship with Steve.
Steve nods again.
Jarvis purses his lips and opens the door, allowing himself to enter Tony’s dream.
Tony looks him over.
“You drive, I’ll shoot,” Tony tells Steve and levels the submachine gun.
“When
James falls silent. “My point still stands,” he says after a moment. “You deserve better. You deserve a husband who doesn’t treat you like you’re disposable, like you’re just some ornament on the fucking shelf, who goes and dips his wick in his fucking secretary while you’re at home taking care of his children.”
And we have come to the end.
Tony takes a deep, steadying breath, his heart thundering in the ribcage. His head feels muffled, full of cotton, especially as the plane begins to turn. He bows his head against the window, thinking it over, doing the calculations in his head.
Very few did, unfortunately.
“I want you to kiss me. I am
A few feet away from Steve, Hodge powers through his push-ups, and Tony resents him for it.
. And it made me sick, it made me want to throw up all over the side of the road, when I saw you together.”
He looks at Tony like he doesn’t know who he is, like he’s not the same person that he married, like he’s not the same person that he had kids with, like he can’t be trusted.
“No, I’m an engineer, asshole,” Tony says, flatly.
“Adrenaline, a couple of syringes, just in case,” Steve reassures. He squeezes Tony’s shoulder. “I love you, you know? Nothing he did to you will ever change that, and because I know of your propensity for guilt, I don’t blame you for this, for anything that’s happened. This guy is evil, and he needs to be taken down. That’s it. Nothing else.”
“They’re only five,” Steve says, quietly, suddenly shamefaced at Tony’s tangent.
Surprisingly, he is intact, still holding onto the periscope for dear life, and when he releases it, his arms are aching, pulled tight down to the muscle, like they’re just about ready to fall off.
“You’re sure?” Tony asks, uncertainly.
“That was quick.”
Once the burned-sweet smell in the air has started to fade, and the pot is full of water, Tony leaves the kitchen, returning to the staircase, where James and Steve had made a little nook for themselves against the wall, dry-humping each other happily.
“I never thought that,” he says, heavily. “I never looked at you and saw something filthy.
“And you saved mine in that bar,” Tony retorts.
“She’s wearing the same necklace that I am, albeit for a woman. It’s Indian gold. I can recognise Indian gold a mile away,” Tony confesses dully.
“Great,” Tony mutters.
James sighs and turns back to the stove, where Steve is stirring a wooden spoon in a spot. “Please tell me you at least
“You like that, don’t you?” Steve murmurs in his ear.
“We are not thirsty.”
“I have this,” Tony says, and he pulls the hat out of the messenger bag on his shoulder.
Tony laughs and then stands up, abruptly, settling himself in Steve’s lap. Despite his momentary discomfiture, Steve doesn’t hesitate to close his arms around Tony’s waist as if he’s afraid that without his intervention, Tony will slip down to the floor.
what happened.”
“What?” he asks, warily.
Indecision rises within Tony, but he squares his shoulder, facing the alpha.
“I’m sorry. I’m not the only one who lost people,” Tony says, shifting as he fits his face against Steve’s neck, forgetting about the sour bile still painting the inside of his mouth. “You lost… you lost more than I did.”
“You filmed us, or rather me, while we were having sex,” Tony goes on to say.
Tony snorts. “Was there a question in that?” he asks, pointedly.
“It’s not like that at all.”
He lays a hand on her hair.
“I don’t want you to disappear from my life completely,” Tony says, stubbornly. “We can… we can be friends.”
“Let me just get my phone. I don’t want to miss a moment of this,” Steve tells him, grappling for his phone that’s lying on the sheets towards the end of the moment.
“And I feel the same way, which you probably guessed by my… uh, irrational desire to scalp Natasha Romanoff,” Tony says, rubbing his hand over the back of his neck.
“He’s bossy,” James tells Steve.
given a shit about me, and when my father demanded that you stop seeing me, you just stopped. You didn’t fight for me at all. You didn’t say a word. You just meekly accepted it, and I realized that the reason why you just meekly accepted it wasn’t because you were a coward – because you’re not Steve; you’re a lot of things but you’re not a fucking coward – it was because you didn’t care about me. You didn’t think you were losing something worthwhile, because you were just playing with me the whole time.”
“It’s not,” Tony agrees. “But there isn’t much I or anyone else can do about it. This is what the world is right now.”
“This, I should be able to do. This, I should be able to
. I hear that a lot from the people who show up at the VA, Tony, and a lot of them aren’t even the kids’ primary caregiver. I know that
Tony stares at Steve’s friend, who must be James Barnes, the reason for Steve’s foolhardy hero expedition, and there’s an element of sorrow on his face, solemn as the grave.
“Wanda, honey, it’s not that simple-” Sam tries to explain.
“-but I think you’re attractive in a way that sticks. I always looked at myself and thought I was the bodybuilder type, you know? The type that people saw and looked at and thought,
He ends his long, breathless speech with the moment that ended in their bedroom, him and Steve, still in love but somehow shattered by what’s happened between them, but at the same time wanting to fix it, wanting to build it back, build it strong so that it wouldn’t shatter ever again.
“Because I don’t like this guy, because I think you deserve better, because I have made it clear that I’m still in love with you, but I want you to be happy, Tony, and despite what you may think, I am aware that you love your husband. I don’t want you to be hurt, not for anything, and especially because of something that I did.”
“It feels really good,” Steve pants, shifting closer to Tony. “I don’t… it’s not like when I… not like before, not like when I could come before,” he says and swallows like there’s a lump in his throat.
Because Steve, at the heart of hearts, thinks that Tony is a fucking fool, that he doesn’t know how this world works, that he’s actually so stupid that he would think that a fucking insurance claims officer needs to work until midnight every night, without fail, and comes home dirty and filthy and sometimes, stinking of floral-scented perfume.
Tony is shaking.
“But I can’t stop myself, even if I’m fucking humiliated, and I just keep going and going, until you get that look in your eyes. The one that you have on your face now, the one that makes me think you’re going to eat me up whole.
here, saying all of this to you, confiding like we’re… we’re friends. We’re not friends. I shouldn’t be here. It’s muddling up everything in my head,” he says, soft and unmoving, his voice muffled by his palms.
“Fuck, you look so pretty, baby,” Steve tells him. “You look like you’ve been fucked good and hard and put away wet. The only thing you’re missing is a creampie.”
Tony’s mother and father die when he is sixteen.
me,” Steve says, his eyes fierce and sharp. “More than that, I am fucking
Steve flinches. “I know. If it… if it helps, I was, I
“No, no, you weren’t, Tony, I
“Can I confirm something?” Tony asks, after a moment.
He braces himself for it and then, sets forward at a run, jumping over a channel of fire into what is now a tent that is also on fire. There are only dead bodies, dead, charred bodies, the air in the cavern that is sickly-sweet with the stench of death and burning meat.
“Besides, do either of you have a sane explanation for what your so-called friend did to Pepper?” Howard prods.
Tony’s mood sobers. “I would kill them for you if I could,” he says, honestly.
“I mean, she seems like a very nice… uh, a very nice person?” Steve says, awkwardly. “If you were looking for conversation, or anything else really, I’m sure she’d… uh, be willing. After all, looking like you do and talking like you do–”
“Is it?” Steve asks, his mouth curled ruefully. “We’ve shared a room before.”
Steve stares at Toni spread out on the sheets beside him.
Tony laughs. “Okay, so, what do you need for me?”
Maushmi nods against his throat. “Bucky,” she says, confidently. “Right?”
Tony doesn’t know what prompts him, but he reaches out to take Steve’s hand. Steve’s fingers flex underneath his, but he doesn’t pull away. Tony squeezes it.
“I know, I know I probably sound like… like every single fucking house spouse in existence, and just because he comes home late and our sex life is turning to dust and he has secret conversations with her that he doesn’t want me to hear and she comes over and pretends like she’s my friend doesn’t mean that he’s having an affair,” Tony says, weakly, his heart spasming in his chest.
“Well, maybe, some school functions or something,” Maushmi says, vaguely.
“You two have to get to school,” Tony tells the twins, gently. “Why don’t you go and grab your bags? I’ll say bye to James, and I’ll meet you in the garage. How does that sound?”
He puts his keys down on the table.
Tony sits upright, rubbing at his eyes. When he looks back out the door, the hallway is empty; the body bag is gone, but there’s a dark smear on the tiles.
Steve turns the car around.
Tony sighs. “Remember that day I came to visit you in your apartment, and I ran off in a hurry because I had to pick up the kids from school?”
Tony looks up, confused, his brow furrowed.
Tony shrugs. “That’s one way to look at it, I suppose,” he says, self-deprecatingly. He looks at the watch. “I should get going,” he says, his voice mournful. “The kids… I have to pick them up from school.”
He goes down and out.
Tony makes a noise, high and thin at the back of his throat, like he wants to protest.
Brandt looks at him, blankly.
“All but one?” Tony clarifies.
James grits his teeth. “Yes.”
In another universe, of course, he stays with his family, with his kids and Steve, and they finish their lunch and they go back home and they watch a movie or they do something else that allows Tony to not talk to Steve; it’s more and more awkwardness, having to deal with Steve’s increasingly judgy eyes or his puppy dog apology, and he then has to navigate the minefield that his marriage has become – a few weeks ago, Steve went about business as normal; he left the house when he pleased, he came home when he pleased, and he didn’t give a shit about what Tony was doing while he wasn’t there, as long as he came home and the kids were in bed and the house wasn’t on fire; now, after one fucking day where Tony lost track of time with a friend, and he was a couple minutes late picking up the kids from school so Steve could get there first, after he found some stupid bracelet on the bathroom sink that he didn’t recognise, he’s looked at Tony like he’s half-expecting him to confess that he was hooking behind Steve’s back while the kids are school and Steve’s at home.
“You’ve gone crazy-”
“No, if Steve sees you… if he… even if you were just going to drop me off,” he trails off and shakes his head again. “No, that would end badly. No, I’m fine. I can do this. It’ll be fine.” He musters a brave smile for James’ sake. “I’ll let you know how it goes.”
son, because that’s not how we see him at all.”
God, Tony loves this man.
“Yes,” Steve says, carefully, unsure of what kind of trap Tony’s setting for him.
He looks up, and Steve is at the stove. When his husband turns around, there’s a flash of some undefinable emotion across his face, before Tony can see that trademark, toothy smile of his.
He slips his key into the lock and turns the knob, slipping inside, keeping close to the walls, as he pads forward.
The mine car suddenly hurtles forward, and the direction of the tracks change, spiraling off into a downward section of a wildly twisting tunnel.
“Where?” Tony asks, suspiciously.
, made something more important that HDYRA and the mission; you get that? They would’ve made me watch on my fucking knees as they shot you in the head, so I’d never forget what happens when I draw someone into this clusterfuck that I find myself in. It isn’t romantic, Tony. It isn’t. It wouldn’t have been. All it would’ve been is that you would have died, and I’m sorry, Tony, I love you too much. I don’t care if you hate me today, but you’re
Tony tells him the story of how he accidentally gave Maushmi’s favourite Barbie to charity, and how she didn’t speak to him for three days, until she needed him to braid her hair for school, and it makes James laugh, so Tony considers that a win.
“I didn’t think they were bad at the beginning,” James says, solemnly. “I thought they were my friends. Then, I realised that they were bad, and I ran away, and I had to stop them from doing bad things. That’s how I met your Appa. He helped me stop them from doing bad things when he was in college.”
“Whoever knew there would be a religious experience in anal sex?” James mutters under his breath.
Anthony Edward Stark is a strange omega.
Steve frowns. “I mean, I guess I’m both,” he says, carefully. “I guess… I am frustrated that I love you so much that I’d let you walk, even if it ripped my heart out of my chest at the same time. I’m annoyed that I am compromised, but I don’t… I don’t regret any of it. I don’t-”
“I wish I could,” Tony says, breathless. “But the kids, if I don’t-”
“No, I don’t, actually.”
Tony reels back, confused, certain that he’d heard wrong. “What?” he says, his voice breaking around the word.
“Yeah, no shit, Sherlock,” Tony snarls. “You think girls hit like that because it feels like hugs and kittens?”
The way that Grant looks at him, a needle-sharp, careful look, makes Tony shift on his feet in discomfort, but he pushes it away – this is his alpha’s brother; it would not do well to make him angry so early on in his bonding.
Tony lifts his head.
“Wait!” he shouts. “I can be reasonable!”
“Yeah, that’s it,” Tony cuts in, his voice like the gleaming edge of a knife. “That’s all you are. You’re his friend. I’m his husband, the father of his kids. You don’t get to do that. You don’t get to come in here with half-baked information and try and
“Clean the bathroom when we get home,” they say, sullenly.
Steve looks at him surprised.
James’ smile turns just as sharp. “Don’t worry, if you’re getting jealous over who your girlfriend is spending time with, it ain’t my bed she’s been creeping into.”
“But then, I had to leave, to keep the bad men away from your Appa. I only came back-”
Tony finds Steve in an overcoat, sitting on the edge of the stage, despondent, sketching a chimp dressed as Captain America riding a unicycle.
do the trick?” Tony retorts.
The twins nod.
“Neither am I,” Wanda agrees. “In fact, I’m pretty shit at it.”
He gnaws his lower lip, and then, places his hand on Steve’s thigh.
She leaves, and Tony is alone all over again.
“Because I’m your husband,” Tony says, distraught, the distress a fire in his throat. “Because you’re supposed to trust me, you’re supposed to believe me when I say that I haven’t done anything, that I haven’t cheated on you.” The anger floods his face suddenly. “Because I don’t need your fucking permission to see a friend, Steve. What did you want me to do? Crawl on my hands and knees in front of you and beg for the chance to see this friend of mine, just because you might get jealous? Like I said last night, this sounds like a
Steve’s face falls, and he pinches the bridge of his nose. “Everything?” he says, despondently.
“I think I know why you don’t want to believe me,” he murmurs, “and I want you to know that any girl, any boy,
“It is very nice to meet you,” he demurs.
Abraham smiles at the two of them, weak but proud. He reaches out and taps Steve’s chest, right where his heart beats, and then, he goes limp in Tony’s arms.
“Steve, did you–” Tony bites his lip, unsure of how to phrase his question.
“You should be with the Captain now,” Thor says, solemnly. “He will need you more than ever.”
Tony shrugs. “Fine. Why don’t you come back tomorrow when Rogers is here, and we’ll have an auction?” he taunts.
Before, the concept of Steve, of all people, having an affair hadn’t actually occurred to him. Tony has been with a lot of people, has even had a relationship with a few of them, and would have expected something like ninety-five percent of them to have cheated on him at some point or another. But he’d always been sure of two people, sure that he could expect fidelity from two people: Tiberius Stone and Steve Rogers.
Steve rubs at his arms. “Hey,” he says, softly, “this is really freaking you out, huh?”
Peter considers her for a moment. “I think you should get married,” he says, finally.
James pouts. “I was hoping they’d find you as hot as I did.”
Tony snorts. “Are you sure about that? Because it’s not like I had any great role models where fatherhood is concerned,” he mutters under his breath.
“Oh, honey,” Steve murmurs, and then, he’s dragging Tony into his lap, closing his arms around him.
There’s a speeding sedan on the screen, a screech of brakes, and a last-second scream as someone goes crashing through the glass window on the screen, ending in a horrible collision. Tony grabs the remote, trying to find the right button to turn it off or change the channel.
Rhodey just clenches his jaw; he hasn’t said much since it happened, since Tony died.
“I was rich, and then, my father decided to blow all of his money on some stupid dig, and then, he died and he took my mother along with him, and then, I was broke. So, everything that you were supposedly protecting me from – poverty, homelessness, helplessness, hopelessness – all became an eventuality anyway. So, what did you save me from, exactly?”
“Okay, fine, get to fucking, then, while I get myself ready,” he orders. “But go slow, Steven, considering that I don’t think he’s had anything up in there for a while.”
that he absolutely hates when he’s accused of being a liar.
His expression morphs, when he manages to drag his eyes from his feet to Tony to Steve, and it changes into something that he can’t quite define: something like concern and hope and confusion and disdain.
“But they haven’t engaged, right?”
Wanda offers him a smile, a legendary thing that brightens up her pale, beautiful face. “I want to,” she tells him and reaches for his hands again, squeezing them, warmth passing between the two human beings. “My family, we came here from Sokovia when I was a child, no older than four or five, the same age that the twins are now, actually. My father’s name was Erik, my mother’s name, Magda. They died in a car accident when Pietro and I were six. We were shuffled around foster homes from then on. It was… it was hard for us. By the time we were in high school, we had left the homes, and we were living in our car. When we wanted food, we would steal it or we’d wait until we got to school to eat, and we showered in the gym showers. I was smart; so was Pietro, but he was more of a sports guy than a books guy. We both ended up getting scholarships to the same college. I was studying teaching, and my brother was on the college’s football team, and he developed a drug habit through his friends on the team. I was studying constantly, and there were all these pracs, and I wasn’t able to pay attention to him, not as much as I should have.”
Steve looks a little uncertain. “I don’t know if this is a good idea. I mean, Tony, people might talk.”
Then, he sees him, sees Steve in that armchair, grey-skinned, dead, pale-eyed and devoid of life, handfuls of spiders still crawling all over his corpse.
Tony’s father, for someone who isn’t used to him – hell, even for someone who’s used to him –, is a formidable presence and not the easiest person to stand up to.
“Let me take you to dinner,” Steve says, softly. He frowns. “That was supposed to come out as more of a question than a command.”
“Like something I should have bought and paid for,” Steve murmurs.
“I think he took it well, to be honest,” she says, wistfully. “I think I’m going to fail in getting him into a tux, though.”
He walks back out, hand planted on his hip.
“No.” Tony brushes her hair away from her face, the few strands that had slipped out of the plait that he’d done for her in the morning. “I was with someone else.”
At the truck, Phillips is glaring, clearly having been proven wrong.
were too. They knew that Bucky would come and see you and protect you. So, it’s not just on me. And don’t get me wrong, I
Maushmi shakes her head, desperately, her braids swinging around her head. “What if I have another nightmare?”
“You don’t get to leave me after this, not after you’ve been inside me and come inside me and touched me like this,” Tony snarls, his mouth pulling away from his teeth. He looks at Steve, who’s watching him with an unsure expression, like he’s hurt and pained and doesn’t know what to do. “Neither are you. You don’t get to leave me.
“So, every time you said that you had to go for a conference or had a late-night meeting or a lot of paperwork that you had to deal with, you weren’t
, I need you to not hate me for this,” he says, pained.
“I don’t want to, uh, I don’t want to leave. I don’t want to stop looking at them,” Tony says, his skin prickling.
“Why?”
, you dick. You smelled like her perfume. There were a lot of mysterious phone calls that I listened into with suspicious wording-”
“You tried your best.”
Steve nods, determined. Then, he gets a bit uneasy. “Is that okay?” he asks, worriedly. “I mean, the oil and the fried stuff and… stuff?”
The relief is palpable and thick in Tony’s throat, and he doesn’t hesitate to cross the space that exists between the two of them, throw himself into Steve’s arms, as if they’re just young lovers, two people that love each other, even if Tony knows in his bones that it’s a lie.
“My God,” Tony drawls, and then, flips them while Steve is distracted, so that he’s the one straddling Steve’s hips, knees on other side. He kisses him. “Now, I know that I’m going to enjoy the next seventy-two hours.”
“Daddy must have missed you a lot last night,” Maushmi says, almost as if she’s telling him off for leaving his bedroom the night before.
Tony frowns, from where he’d been separating the darks from the whites. “Who is it?”
the one who made it sound like I didn’t know my own fucking body!”
Tony and Steve look at each other – honestly, Tony would much rather be going home with Steve instead of to that mausoleum he calls home.
“You could paddle my ass for being late, Headmaster?” he croons. “What d’you say, handsome?”
. How dare your property give what is by right only yours to someone else? You can treat them like shit, you can disrespect them, humiliate them in whatever you want, but the second they try and do that to you, try and make themselves equal to you in some way, when they’re only your
you still. I haven’t stopped loving you, Tony, even if it’s been years since I’ve seen you.”
Tony stays silent.
“Ah,” Steve says and holds his out for Tony to pass him one of the twins.
Tony considers him for a moment, feeling the weight of Steve’s trust like a blow to his gut.
Steve goes for his pants next, a fierce, determined look in his eyes, like he knows that this is going to end with him balls-deep in Tony and he would abide by anything else happening tonight or anything ruining that. Steve dips his head, mouths at Tony’s throat, where his pulse throbs fast and wild, and his hand finds Tony’s cock. Tony bats his hand away.
Six months ago, before any of this had happened, they’d gone to the Timely Town Fair as a date, and Tony had won it for Steve with one of those marksmanship games.
They cut him all over.
for all of this-”
“Ah.”
“I made so many moves on you, it’s almost embarrassing,” Tony says, wistfully. “None of my usual moves worked on you at
“Because we’re going out for dinner,” Tony tells him, his voice brooking no argument.
The two men carry the children towards a small, non-descript hatchback, deposit them in the back, and drive away, and Tony catches the license plate number. With this number, he’s able to track them and finally lands the car in front of a warehouse in some downtown part of the city. Tony hands the phone over to Steve.
Tony’s scowl deepens. “Fuck that noise,” he declares and moves over to the back seat, opening up the door. “Okay, change of plans, we’re gonna do some walking! How does that sound?”
“Oh?”
Tony gapes at him. “What the hell are you talking about?”
Stone quickly realises that his ploy hadn’t worked. He starts sweating, profusely.
“Because he was scary,” Tony says, quietly. “I could feel… this knot in my belly, and I’ve… I’ve been scared before, but nothing like that.”
James lifts his chin, every tilt of the muscle and bone set in defiance. “Yeah, and I don’t regret it.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t realise that any of this was happening. I’m sorry I… was so preoccupied with my husband and my family-”
“You wanted to bed me because that is what alphas and omegas are supposed to do; they are supposed to fuck and make babies together, and I didn’t want that to be the sum and total of our lives together, Tony,” Steve says, roughly, dragging his hand through his hair. “I didn’t want that to be all that we had together. Maybe that makes me naïve but… my parents fell in love with each other, and I wanted that as well. I wanted my omega to love me, and you didn’t love me. How could you? We didn’t even know each other, and you were… you knew you had a duty, and you were determined to fulfil it. I wanted more than duty, Tony. I wanted love. That’s why I didn’t touch you before I left for war.”
James grits his teeth. “I had no other choice. You would never have answered my calls. You wouldn’t have seen me any other way. What else was I supposed to do? I need you, Tony.”
“Yes,” Toni says, furtively.
Maushmi closes her eyes.
James’ hands drag up from his hip, as his hand closes around his throat, and he lifts his eyebrow.
“That’s why I explained, and I thought we-”
James lifts an eyebrow. “You’re seriously inviting me to dinner with your family?”
Tony pulls his arm away and peers at Steve, sceptically. “A nymph, seriously?”
“Tony,” she says, softly, “you are safe now. Steve won’t let anything happen to you, and well, I am quite proficient with a knife myself. You have nothing to fear.”
“This is Steve, Steve Rogers. He and my father used to work together at the university in America,” Tony replies.
That done, Steve brings a brass, painted spittoon down on the Giant Nazi’s wrist, and the gun slides away. Steve climbs to his feet and kicks the Giant Nazi in the face, who barely seems to feel it. He grabs Steve and flips him effortlessly onto a table.
“Sir, Master Rogers is downstairs, and he is confused as to why the house is so quiet. He seems quite disturbed by the lack of noise,” JARVIS informs him.
Steve colours in embarrassment. “Sorry,” he says, quickly.
Tony nods, miserably.
Tony turns with a sheepish smile. “You know me. I love playing with things that arguably could destroy the universe in my little engineer’s workshop. Don’t wait up!”
“Steve is my friend,” Natasha confesses. “He’s one of my only friends. We don’t… in our line of work, it’s not exactly easy to make friends. So, yeah, Steve is one of my only friends, and I knew he had kids and a husband, and he didn’t, he didn’t want to introduce us, and I was
into a tux,” Steve snorts.
“Tony, I-”
“People buy bonds, bonds buy bullets, bullets kill Nazis. Sales rise ten percent in every state I visit,” Steve rattles off, his voice dull and impersonal.
So, pain, he’s used to.
“Yeah, I always thought that was stupid,” Tony replies.
“Oh, fuck off,” Tony says, derisively. “Don’t you dare try and change the subject. I gave you an explanation, Steve. What the hell were you expecting JARVIS would tell you, anyway?”
“Oh, shut up,” Tony snarls.
James’ face softens with understanding.
“Please, sir, please, don’t stop fucking me with the vibrator,” he says, sweetly, his eyes half fluttering shut. “Fuck me full until I come all over my stomach and the bed, and then, you can come on my face and my chest, ruin me for everyone else, prove that you’re the only one for me.”
The gate opens, and horses bound through.
“Bond?” Tony says, flatly. “Why would we need to bond?”
Abraham is checking Steve’s vitals, when he nods to Tony, who turns the dial higher.
“No, I think you have, which is exactly why you decided to fucking enact
“Steve,” Tony whispers, unable to comprehend or process what he’s hearing.
Tony deflates. “You don’t want me, do you?”
“Oh, I trust you. That’s not what I’m worried about,” Steve replies, frustration bleeding into his voice.
took it!”
All he can hear is the sound of his heartbeat in his ears. He crosses to his bed, and then, the window crashes inward, the killer dives through it and grabs him by the waist. Tony twists, managing to grab the wrist of the hand with the knives on it, barely managing to stop the knives from piercing his throat and ending his life then and there.
“I know, I know I fucked up, especially where the kids are concerned, and those pictures,” Steve clears his throat. “I found them.”
Pepper swipes at them, but they ignore her.
Jamie stares out into the distance, his gaze absent. “Tony, I’ve been alone for so long,” he says, sounding infinitely tired. “I’ve been doing all of this on my own. I don’t… I guess I just missed you, and I’m glad… I’m glad you’re willing to help me.”
In the distance, he can see what resembles a small, blue circle, an air pocket.
“And then, he just let him go, smiled like they were old friends, folded his hands behind his back. The frat boy managed to get himself back on his feet, brushed imaginary dust off his stupid polo shirt, and just glared at Steve. And then, he said that it didn’t matter anyway, that everyone knows that the slut – meaning me – opened his legs for everyone that passes by, and who’d want sloppy fiftieths anyway, because I was probably loose as fuck by now.”
Tony and Steve both curve in a little in embarrassment.
He hears what the castle says, of course; they think that he’s lonely, that he misses Steve so much that the loss of his alpha is finally withering his body.
“It just occurred to me that I’ve slept with you and I’ve slept with you,” Tony says, pointing at both Steve and James in turn, “but you two haven’t slept with each other, have you?”
Suddenly, as they are walking, there is such a starburst of light, splitting through the stone walls, as if nothing on this plane could possibly contain it. Zola hisses, covering his face, and the grip around Tony’s wrists slip. Tony’s eyes are burning under the light, but he’s using the temporary discombobulation of his captors to make quick work of them, punching them in the head and praying for brain damage when they go down like they are made of a bag of bricks.
“The things that I do for you.”
Tony goes down like he’s made of butter, landing on his back.
“They took him away screaming. As they dragged him out, he said the place was all mine for life.” Tony looks around at the bar, almost disgusted. “Can you imagine a more evil curse?” He pauses. “So far, it’s working.”
“Like I said, you’re too good for this world, Tony,” James says, gently, swiftly, before he can second-guess his actions, press his mouth to Tony’s hair and flees the room and the house, judging by the smack of the door as it closes.
Tony shakes his head.
Steve nods.
Tony doesn’t realise that he’s said the words aloud until he sees Steve shaking his head, vehemently.
fault, that I’d done something to drive you away, that I was an awful person, that I was ugly and you didn’t want me anymore. I am a glutton for self-loathing, Steve, but even I don’t want to invite that sort of poison into my life. So, yeah, I wanted you to tell me that you cheated on me because just fell out of love with me and fell in love with her, that you still loved me, that despite the fact that you didn’t want to be married to me any longer, you’d always be there for me and the kids.”
, I wouldn’t be alive today.”
“I know that. I guess… maybe it’ll take some time for us to get back to what we were.”
The laser slams out of his wrists, and he cuts off the head of the giant rabbit currently attacking him – it should be a macabre sight, and tomorrow, he’s fairly certain that there’ll be tabloid newspapers mocking him and calling him
Suddenly, there’s a car on the screen, and the tires are pealing across the gravel.
him.”
“While I’ve been in the States, have I killed anyone? Hurt anyone?”
There’s a knife-edge of suspicion in his voice, as if he doesn’t believe that Tony’s done all of this and had to wait to hear it from the horse’s mouth before he realised that Steve had been lying to him all these years.
“Do you know how easy it is to lead a little child?” Tony insists. “To make them say what you want them to? Or what you’re afraid they’ll say?”
“No,” Steve says, without missing a beat.
Then, he hears it, feels the cold first, feels it seep into his bones, like he’s just been stripped naked, standing in the darkness. He shivers, and he wants to turn, wants to run, but it’s as though there’s some connection not being made between his brain and his limbs.
“So, how can I tolerate such behaviour in my own brother,” Steve says, misery pulling the skin tight across his handsome face. “You are still so young, and my brother
“I’m datin’ Toni, and she told me this interestin’ story about your relationship back when you were teenagers. She told me about how you liked to hit her, how you would get her drunk and then, beat the shit out of her and then lie about it the next day and make her thing that she was just clumsy. She told me how you made her feel like shit about herself, that she was worthless and stupid and that no one would ever love her but you. She told me that you
Steve’s face twists up.
“I am
Tony’s throat flexes.
Tony purses his lips, and there’s rage now, rage burning hot and fast, lumping up in his throat. He turns on his feet and storms away from the library, before he says something he regrets.
“You have no honour,” Tony rasps, grinding his teeth as Grant replaces his fingers with his cock and begins to thrust.
The nurse looks at him, shocked. “Honey, this is liable to be very painful without it. Take it from me. You want this.”
, Tony thinks, immediately, and then hates himself for it, because look at what he’s been reduced to, dissecting the voices that his husband uses and deciding that it’s proof of his infidelity.
Steve took her hand in his and started rubbing her knuckles and the tendons in the back of her hand.
He makes his way up the stairs to the bedroom that he shared with Tony, and his bones feel like old bones. The bedroom is just as they’d left it when they’d gone to the Compound that last day, and he turns back the sheets that are so cold.
The mattress dips, when Steve sits back on his heels, dazed with the force of his orgasm.
Tony rolls his eyes. “He means, did you ever drop me on my head?” he asks, dryly.
it from me.
Tony makes a face. “Yeah, it’s fine,” he says, briskly.
“Hi,” Tony says, roughly, unsure if he’ll be welcome.
Everyone is silent as they process that.
Tony looks at him. “No,” he says, finally. “Then again, I burned up that plane.”
“Hi, baby,” he says, with an old, snug smile fitting bright across his face. “What are you doing up so early? It’s a weekend.”
“Samuel,” Wanda says, sternly, “I am the one lying in this hospital bed with a concussion. What are you so concerned about? You know Tony, and you know Steve, and you know they’d never do anything to hurt us on purpose.”
“I know it sounds weird,” Tony murmurs. “I’m sixteen and scared of a fucking nightmare.”
; they were waiting for me to make the same mistakes that every child actor makes at some point in their career, like starving bloodhounds, and there I went, making those mistakes. I was high and fell in pools in front of a bunch of other high people, so no one really cared. I got drunk and got into a lot of bar fights. It’s… actually how I met my husband,” he muses.
He sits up and shakes him awake.
Steve looks away, and Tony has his answer.
“Yeah, but where I’m landing, if anybody yells at me, I get to shoot them,” Steve points out.
for you. If I can’t, what is the point of me?” Steve demands.
Square Filled: R5 - FRIDAY
you, Tony. I fucking love you, and I want you.”
“And above that, because he knew you were a genius and age becomes more complicated when you’re a fucking genius, he thought you’d agree to people that were bad for you, because that’s all you knew, that’s what you thought love was, and he was afraid that I was going to take advantage of that, advantage of
, you just need to sleep,” she says, beseechingly. “I know this must be so hard for you, what you’re going through now. What with the loss of your friends... but sometimes bad things happen to good people. There’s no big mystery to it, really.”
“This friend of yours – I assume that you’re talking about a guy, but I suppose that the same question applies to a girl as well – are you fucking him?”
He drives up by Steve’s apartment block, just in time to see Steve come out between the double doors. He parks his cherry-red Cadillac convertible, and Pepper is singing along with the radio, in the background, her head resting in Natasha’s lap.
James winces. “I mean, it’s weird. I feel… full,” he admits. “I feel like I’m stretching at the seams of my body, but I feel close to him, I feel like he could reach into my ribcage, and that I could do the same to him.”
going to really help here,” Tony says, dryly.
Maybe he allowed himself to think too much, to dream too big, to wish for things he had no right or reason to wish for.
Steve startles like a deer caught in headlights. He turns to Tony with a fake smile. “Another conference, short notice, you know how it is,” he blusters.
“Maybe she just associated you with the change. It was you that she caught, remember? Besides, maybe she thinks that you’re strong, that you don’t need to be with someone at night, and maybe she thinks her father is weaker, that he needs you there.”
instead, and he went by that from then on.”
“You should have changed,” Tony says, nodding at Natasha’s clothes from last night.
Sam holds his hands up in the air. “Steve asked me not to. He said…” he sighs, “he said that it would only hurt you in the long run, that he didn’t want you to get hurt because he was working for SHIELD. I…” he closes his eyes, “if it makes you feel better, I did tell him it was a bad idea, that it was going to blow up in his face, but…” he trails off.
Pepper tangles her hand with his. “Next time you have one, just tell yourself that's just all it is, right while you're having it, y’know? That's the trick. Once you do that, you wake right up. At least it works for me.”
The fire has completely engulfed the curtains and is working across the ceiling. Embers flutter downwards, and the second that they drop to the top of the bar, it lights up, fuelled by the spilled alcohol.
Tony takes another gulp of his scotch, letting the bitter, burning liquid scorch its path down his throat and settle in his gut, bracing himself for what he was about to do.
James rolls his eyes. “What did you think that I meant when I said I’d loved you forever?”
Tony quickly checks the desk drawers, as Steve scans the bookshelf, pokes his head into the coat closet.
His clothes are in tatters, black with soot. He is gagged but his eyes are screaming, focused on the flaming river of black oil which is about to engulf her feet. Tony rushes towards him and dives and rolls through the flames, just as one not-dead Nazi opens fire behind him.
“I know, baby. Do you want to meet him?”
He wonders how much Natasha knew, then.
“Appa! Appa!”
Tony nods, warily.
Steve cups his jaw in his hand, smoothing a thumb over Tony’s cheekbone.
“Hey, dollface, why don’t you ditch Stick-Thin Stevie over there and bring that hot little body over to us. I’m sure we could show you a damn good time,” Hodge calls out across the mess hall, a lascivious note to his voice. “You look like you could use a ride, if you get my drift.”
“No,” Steve rasps. “No, keep the heels on.”
,” Tony mutters.
that I thought that about you, that you were capable of doing that to me, but… you still lied to me. Is it really just because you didn’t want me to think the worst of you and Bucky or-”
Steve nods, unable to take his eyes off James.
“Where…” Tony clears his throat, unable to help the hapless, frantic swell of panic that pools in his throat. “Where did you find that?”
He fixes Tony’s eyes with his, without flinching, without moving, so that Tony can peel everything, all the skin and bones and teeth and cells so that Tony can see what’s lying underneath, all of Steve’s pith.
“Oh, wow, Tony, I’m so sorry that I attempt to be a decent, honourable boyfriend who doesn’t use you like a literal credit card.”
Tony hits a button, and the hood and panels retract, releasing a blast of steam that must have been trapped within the device. When it clears, there he is, or there someone is, a new man, hanging in the straps, tall, more than six feet, muscular, skin taut and glistening, his head resting against his chest, eyes closed.
“That is
Tony sighs. “Okay. What do you want me to sing?” he asks, brushing her hair out of her eyes.
“Tony,” Wanda hesitates. “Look, Steve… didn’t seem his usual self when he came to drop the kids over last night. He was… angry, to say the least, and he wouldn’t answer when I asked him where you were. Is… is everything okay?” she asks, cautiously.
“Oh,” he finally says.
“You understand why it created a paradox?” Tony prods.
“I can’t,” Tony says, roughly, staring away from Steve’s pale, earnest eyes, so different to Grant’s, kinder, gentler, more decent. “I can’t say it, Steve. Not to you, never to you. I made this decision with the belief that I would not survive this night. I have come to terms with that, and I did not make the decision lightly; please don’t ask anything else of me.”
“I don’t… I don’t understand,” Tony says, with an unsure tongue.
Tony sighs. “What we wanted to talk about is what… well, some changes, basically. Well, they’re not really changes, actually, because they’ve actually been like this for a while-”
“Where are we even going?” James demands, following Tony out the door.
The chest is closed now, and it is shining gold in the glint of the firelight.
“James has to be prepared to become a parent, a parent to two kids who might not even like him, just by virtue of the change he brings, and I… well, that is often a deal breaker in relationships.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” he reassures. “At least not for another three days. I’m all yours until my heat ends.”
He chuckles again.
His eyes are stinging, and he wordlessly passes it over to Steve, first, who stares at it for a moment, before his face catches up to his mind, processing the image, and that steel, masculine veneer of his cracks wide open, and he makes this startled sound, like something’s stuck in his gullet (the sight of it breaks Tony’s heart clean in two, when he realises what this must mean for Steve, these pieces of paper, it means
Tony snorts. “That’s usually how mistresses feel.”
is a kind man; he loves me, and he loves my children, and he’s made a family with me, all of these years. If it wasn’t for him…” he shakes his head, “you don’t know what it was like for me, after you left,” he admits, grudgingly. “You don’t know what it was like. I felt like a fucking ghost, wandering the streets, waiting for something to ground me before I floated away and ceased to exist, and yeah, that sounds fucking sentimental and total bullshit, but that’s what I felt like. For fuck’s sake, James, you dumped me after fucking me-”
Tony shakes his head. “God, is any part of you even real? Has everything just been one fucking lie? Are you even from Brooklyn?”
He holds his other hand out expectantly, and Steve and James both take it, happy enough for him to lead them towards the staircase, which is where he stops and turns to them.
“I found the pictures in your bedside drawer, and I started crying,” Steve confesses, his eyes shining and mad, and the sight makes Tony’s heart kick in his chest. “I started crying because that’s what I’ve done, what I’ve driven my kids to, what I made them feel, and there’s no blaming you or blaming Bucky, because that was all me. That was all…
“Okay, Tony!” she says, trying to jar Tony out of whatever stupor he’d found himself in. “Everything’s alright now! Tony!”
“Of course you want it fucking faster,” Steve says, darkly. “Sluts like you don’t like slow, soft lovemaking, do you? You want it fast. You want to be ridden hard and put away wet. Don’t think I don’t know.”
“Wanda could’ve died because of us,” he tells him, something wringing and twisting in his chest. “She got hurt
James smooths back his hair. “Why are you sorry, doll?” he says, softly.
“I remember,” Wanda says, softly.
“They were stupid,” Tony insists. “I think you’re handsome, sexy, attractive, all of those things. If I need to spell it out for you, I would fuck you on this couch, right here, right now, and no, that was not a challenge for myself – it’s a sincere wish.”
It’s a little uneven on her end, but that’s okay, because Sam and Natasha and Clint and Thor are her family too.
Tony’s mouth goes dry, and heat twists in his belly.
“Steve,” Tony says, admonishingly.
“Hey,” he calls out.
“I would not ever let you die so easily,” Steve says, with a passion that borders on madness.
“Okay, go along now.”
“Omega Rogers,” he murmurs, and Tony knows instantly that this is not his alpha, that this must be his alpha’s brother, his twin, Grant.
Natasha nods. “He was a mark, someone with terrorism intel that we were keeping an eye on. I made the date arrangements, and Steve recommended the restaurant. He said that it was one that you and he went to a lot, and you both really liked it,” she says, softly. “I wasn’t expecting Steve to be there that night. I told him to go home, to spend time with you, while I took care of the mark.”
“And the day never ends,” Steve comments. “Okay, change in direction.”
Steve laughs, nipping at his throat, as the next thrust drags the air out of Tony’s lungs. “You-you know that I’m not talking about the damn couch, Tony.” He spreads Tony’s legs wider, as much as the couch would allow. “I never want to leave you. I want to spend the rest of my life inside you; fuck, I’d forgotten how good this feels, how good
Steve clucks his tongue. “I know, baby, I’m so sorry. I was just… I was working really late, and I just got home now. I did come home last night, but you two were just asleep.”
He can do it for his kids; he can get better, shed all of his daddy issues, if it means that it will protect his children. He can do the therapy deal and treat himself to psychoanalysis all day, every day, if it would keep them safe.
“Let me guess, you’re realising that he’s
He shoves James into the kitchen.
“She’s at the hospital. She didn’t want to go; she wanted to stay with me. I think she’s worried that I’m going to try and kill myself like Natasha,” Steve says, his voice thin and taut. “But I convinced her to go anyway.” He rubs his hand over his jaw. “Who the fuck is this guy, Tony?”
“That’s the plan, baby,” Tony teases. “Now, back to your fantasy.”
Tony takes the jar from him, peering inside. “Is that insulation foam?”
“You were seventeen,” James grinds out. “You were seventeen and you were looking at me like that, and I wanted you, Tony. I wanted you, and I was in love with you, and I was in a bad fucking place back then. All I knew was death. All I was
“Yeah,” James says, lamely, breathing hard, now that his grand explanation is now over.
“Yeah…” Tony drawls.
Obadiah’s smile fades, just as Tony swings the shovel as hard as he can. It comes into contact with his face with the most perfect, sickening, wet thump that Tony has ever heard in his life. Obadiah’s face snaps to the side, and he loses teeth, which clatter to the floor.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Tony says, keeping his voice purposefully low. “Just had a little dream. I’m falling right back to sleep.” He pauses. “How did you even hear me?”
He stares at the two of them, his heart full to bursting with love for his children, and saunters over to the door, swinging it open.
Tony bangs his head against the sheets. “Steve, Steve,” he whispers, his voice rasping like dragging stone. “Steve,
“The touching, the innuendos, the lewd japes, and most of all, what happened this afternoon. Such activities should not happen in a library, and the appropriate thing to do on your part, when you realised that I was standing there, was to fix yourself up and to leave. Instead, you decided to shame me by continuing with your… exploits.”
“Oh, that was Pepper,” Tony says, dismissively.
me. All you had to do is tell me from the beginning and… I don’t know, I feel like half of this mess wouldn’t have even happened.”
Toni’s chest hurts. “I’m so glad to hear that,” she replies, her voice trembling. “So, does that mean that you want them to be your daddies? Would you be okay with that? I mean, you wouldn’t have to call them that if you don’t want to–”
Tony peeks up. “No?”
Tony’s face colours with shame, and he looks away.
Steve’s face falls, and something loosens in Tony’s ribcage in relief.
He lifts his body off the bed, rests his chin on Steve’s shoulder, buries his face in Steve’s warm, damp throat, and lets Steve fuck him, as the rhythm of his thrusting grows desperate.
Steve and Bucky,” Peter tells him, fervently.
Tony leans over and pats him on the pectoral. “Well, was that not nice?”
Ms Lewis gives him a kind smile. “You’re not at all.”
He nods, his neck jerking somewhat.
“Nonsense,” Abraham breezes past, “you have already done a great deal. You should go and enjoy yourself, my boy.”
“I asked for an army. All I got is you. And you are not enough.”
“So?” Steve repeats, watching him with volumes, incandescent with fury. “Where were you?”
“Tony,” he exclaims, surprised.
“You are.”
“I know I didn’t say it as well I should have.”
“That’s Pepper,” Tony says, quietly.
It’s took dark for either of them to see anything.
The love of his life told him that he was
He thinks about those drawings that Miss Lewis showed him, the ones that showed that the kids weren’t as oblivious to what was going on as he thought they were.
He takes a deep breath, thinks of Natasha Romanoff’s dark auburn hair, her sly, plump smile, and he shakes his head.
“Actually, he was just leaving,” Tony says, his voice brooking no argument.
“Tony–”
They make it to the front porch. Steve peers in through the front window.
“I’ll always be there,” Steve promises, his eyes half-lidded. “I’ll always fight with you, honey.”
happy.”
“Tony?” he says, uncertainly, making a smacking noise with his mouth, suggesting that he was in the throes of sleep when Tony had knocked on the door.
“Because you are too young. You are only six and ten. If we were to… if we were to consummate this bonding, if I were to take you in the ways that alphas take omegas, I fear it would make me the same as those alphas who go to the brothels, searching for children to satisfy themselves.” Steve’s face twists with revulsion. “I kill those men, Tony. If I see them, I kill them. I will not become one of them.”
“You liked it when Steve fucked you?”
Tony flashes him the finger without halting his progress.
“How many hours has it been?” Steve asks, quietly.
Steve gives him the finger over his shoulder, without taking his eyes off what’s cooking in the pot.
Tony sits in the wheelhouse on their way out of the Stark Lands; he would have ridden his horse, but omegas are not supposed to ride like alphas; omegas are supposed to prefer the propriety of the wheelhouse, so he takes to the wheelhouse.
Toni sends an uncertain look Peter’s way, who is standing by Rhodey’s hip, completely bemused and oblivious as to what’s going on.
“Excuse me?” Tony demands.
. Do you realize how fucked up that is?”
Tony’s smile sharpens. “So, she came there on purpose, with her date, wearing the necklace that you bought her. She wanted to see us; she wanted
Maushmi pouts. “Do we really have to? Winx Club is on tonight,” she says, sticking her lower lip out.
, and maybe that’s fucked me up more than I realised, maybe that’s fucked up my concept of trust in a relationship. Because I genuinely thought if I pointed out my flaws, the cracks in our relationship, you would leave. Because I scared to have you stand here and tell me that you were screwing someone else, and
“Yeah, but I don’t trust you to make it there in one place,” Tony retorts.
“That does not make me a child,” Tony says, sharply.
“He hasn’t seen me in almost a decade; he’s screwed God knows how many people since he left me, and I’ve spent the last four years of my life being a glorified househusband for you, and he
Steve’s face twists into a picture of ugliness. “You touched him,” he hisses. “This guy, who murders people like it fucking turns him on, and you touched him like you know him, like you loved him. And he was touching you too. He didn’t hesitate to put his hands on you, because you knew you didn’t mind, that you
Tony squeezes his shoulder. “You always have me,” he murmurs.
At least he now avoids Tony like the plague, cringes away from him like the mere touch from Tony will set him on fire or give him some incurable disease.
Tony worries his teeth on his lower lip. “No more secrets, right?” he says, with an unsure tongue.
Tony swallows thickly. “I don’t want it. I don’t,” he says, weakly.
, right?’
want it,” Tony insists, and there is a lump forming in his throat. “I want it
Bucky nodded. “He’s our son too,” he insisted. “He’s ours, and so are you, and we just want to make it official. We want to marry you, and we want to adopt him, and we really hope that you’ll say yes, to both of those things. Marry us, Toni; let us adopt your son; let’s be a family together.”
“Oh,” Tony says, lamely. “You know, I could’ve just gotten delivery-”
Collaborator Name: Simi
“I fucked up, I know that-”
Yes, this is very nice.
“After all these years, it is most considerate of you to aid me in this way,” Rumlow drawls. He looks at Tony with those dark eyes of his. “I only wish I could have kept you,
And in the picture, there is Steve and there is James, and they have their arms around each other, looking much younger than Tony has ever known them, maybe as they were still in high school, and they’re smiling at each other, and Tony knows that smile, it’s the smile that both of them give him, it’s not the smile of friends, and Tony’s lungs stop functioning.
“Because you don’t know, there might be a lot of freaks out there just like me who would’ve been happy that guy died. Would you have
“Tony, Tony, I can walk on my own,” James yelps.
Tony flinches.
“Tony, please,” he blurts out.
,” he blurts out.
“His name is James,” Tony replies, without taking his eyes off the man in question. “He’s an old friend of mine from college.”
He stalks off out of the tent, and Tony turns his attention onto Phillips.
Steve pinches at his thigh, light enough to sting but not hard enough to hurt. “Sir,” he reminds Tony, sternly.
“-kill me?” Tony clarifies, with an unpleasant twist to his mouth.
“Come here to save you, has he?” Steve says, his face warping into anger. “He’s sure protective of you, your boyfriend, isn’t he?”
“You promise?” she asks, in a small voice.
“Of course I do,” she murmurs. “You know if you need anything–”
“No, no, get it
Tony doesn’t want to be giddy with anticipation, because he knows how bad this can go, how miserable this can still end, but there’s something that spreads over his skin, like goosebumps, making him aware of every little thing that is happening in reality right now.
“You two have been a bunch of shit patrons all evening, and I’m done with it. Get lost,” he snarls in Kannada.
“I’m not a fucking invalid, Tony!”
Steve’s hands clamp around his thighs, and with one final, brutal thrust that drags relentlessly against his prostate, Tony comes, with lights dancing behind his eyes, comes all over his belly, and he lets his head fall back, only for Steve to catch him, keep him upright.
“One night,” Tony snorts. “One night, and it was like pulling fucking teeth from you.”
The TV in the kitchen is on and of course, talking about what happened the night before.
people, and doing nothing. So, I’m doing something, I suppose.”
His phone rings, and Tony jolts in the air, and his hand goes to where it’s vibrating in his pocket, fishing it out. He thumbs it open and answers the call, which is coming from Sam and Wanda’s landline.
“Yeah, I’m sure.”
Peter’s eyes track up to catch Tony’s, widened in obscene awe. “Really?” he says, straddling the line between hushed amazement and excitement.
“I’m on my way. I should be there in twenty minutes,” Sam says, briskly, and he’s unhappy, Tony can tell, when he puts the phone down.
“You are such a liar,” Steve laughs.
happening again.”
“Funny, because there’s a gun on the table there, and somehow, I don’t think you intended to play William Tell with me either. So, I guess that desire changed?”
Natasha Romanoff stands on the other side, a far cry from the seductive presence that Tony had always imagined, had always seen her as, with those voluptuous curves and her bouncy dark auburn hair and that sly little smile like she’s plotting something deep in her head.
“They made me forget your Daddy, which is why your Appa introduced me as James to you. I forgot all about your Daddy, and so, I thought my name was James-”
“You wouldn’t have felt that he deserved your help if you weren’t in love with him,” Steve retorts. “So, really, all that’s left is that when he came back, the two of you rekindled your physical relationship as well, and you’ve been screwing him this whole time.”
Tony punches Steve in the chest; Steve just tips with the blow, and he’s a little irritated that it does nothing to him.
Sometimes, at dinner, Grant is deep in his cups, and he puts his hand on Tony’s thigh.
Tony turns on his feet and stomps away, heading in the direction of the school.
“I… I came to see you, because you did not say a word out there in the yard,” Lord Steven says, pale eyes fixed on him. “And then, when Lord Stane and I disappeared off into his solar, the discussion occurred between us and you were not involved.”
“I love you, Tony, and I know that makes me a fucking tool to say that because you’re married and you’re already second-guessing meeting me like this, but I do fucking love you. I loved you then, and the only reason I left was to protect you. You can hate me for it. Go right fucking ahead; I’m so happy to take it from you, because it means you’re still standing here in front of me to do it, and you’re not just a fucking corpse in the ground.”
“I explained about Natasha,” Steve says, stiffly.
He pulls out of James’ arms, feeling suddenly cold by the loss of his warmth, and it’s a dark, acid chill that envelops his body, as if he’s lost something, lost something that made him whole.
It’s not that Barnes isn’t his type, because he absolutely is, but he remembers what it felt like to have Steve’s hands on him, and that’s what he wants, nothing more, nothing less.
Tony blinks in surprise.
“Enough wasting time,” he says, firmly. “We need to get back to the battle, or these fucking rabbits are going to get past the perimeter.”
“No, he has come all the way to me. It would be unbecoming to turn him away. When the dawn rises, I will be his omega.”
Tony looks up, dizzy with it, the blood hot in his face, as he rests his chin on James’ breastbone.
we were. I went to college at fourteen because I’m a genius, and geniuses don’t stay in high school when they learned the entire high school curriculum at seven.” He looks away. “I had one friend. Rhodey. And my life
Tony stops moving, and an ache begins to build up in his arm. He looks at Steve, breathing hard, sweat pooling at his breastbone, at the nape of his neck and on the insides of his thighs. He looks at Steve, the lean lines of him, the way that his ribs cling to his skin, and his thin arms and his huge cock hanging and hard between his legs.
Tony considers it for a moment – it’s not that he doesn’t believe Steve when he says that he’s not fucking her, that he’s never laid a hand on her, but he can’t help the fact that he’s associated Natasha Romanoff with everything wrong in his marriage for
The one in charge – Tony recalls the soldiers referring him to Dr. Zola – makes it clear to the other Nazi that Tony is to be obeyed.
“Are you the doctor?” the alpha asks, confused, looking Tony over up and down, before spots of colour appear in his cheeks.
“He did not,” Tony agrees. “We got into a huge fight. And things… well, they really devolved from there. Yesterday, we went to the planetarium.”
“What about your trig test?”
“Oh, come on, Tony. All of your moves worked. For fuck’s sake, you used to sit on my lap, and yeah, I got hard. It took everything in me to not kiss you every time you opened that stupid, gorgeous mouth,” James says, derisively. “And all those assholes that you touched so easily in front of me, God, I could’ve clawed their fucking guts out for putting their worthless hands on you.”
“I’m aware of that,” Tony says, darkly. “I know that there are two kids upstairs.”
Steve has hard eyes. “I said,
and waiting until he can hear the human voice on the other side.
“I don’t need to. I already know it’s going to be something that I don’t like,” Steve says, firmly.
Tony claps him on the shoulder. “Next time you’re trying to apologise, maybe stow the caveman routine; that way, it won’t detract away from your genuine purpose.”
The next day, they have a funeral for Natasha and Pepper.
He comes around the other side of the table to embrace her, to bring her smaller body against his chest.
“So, how do we do that? How do we stop him?” Tony purses his lips.
James folds his impressive arms over his equally impressive chest. “I don’t do that anymore,” he says, his voice matching Steve’s tone.
Steve bites his lip and shifts on the bed, when Tony’s grip becomes firmer.
about my type, by the way. Just because TMZ only talked about the supermodels, doesn’t mean that’s the only kind of person that I had sex with. Hell, they had a whole no-homo phase where they wouldn’t talk about all the
“No, no, this is good, because I was stressing a little. I mean, you weren’t a virgin when we had sex, but Steve was a total virgin when he and I had sex, so, at the very least both of you lose your virginity in some way during this relationship.”
“Because the man that I know as James, the Winter Soldier, is Bucky Barnes,” Tony says, carefully, in a soft, scarred voice, his mouth twisting, not a smile but close.
“I wonder why she’s not here,” Tony muses. “Does she think that even ex-HYDRA assassins need some dog-walking time?”
“I won’t,” Steve says, gently, “as long as you promise that if you ever feel like you’re not something that I couldn’t want, you’ll tell me, so that I can explain to you exactly how much of a stupid genius you are.”
“Did it bother you, Steve, when you came back that day with the kids, and I wasn’t there?” Tony mocks.
with you fucking some
“Don’t ruin it,” Tony says, sternly. “Don’t. I don’t…” He takes a deep, steadying breath. “I already know what you’re going to say, and I don’t want to hear it. I just, I think we’ve both had a long couple of days, and I just want to sleep.”
“Fuck, fuck,” James gasps.
He closes his eyes, breathes hard and heavy, and fades into the maze of the ship, before making his way to the edge so that he can throw himself into the water.
Tony purses his lips thin, flinging himself out of Thor’s grip, before he sends a heavy look his way. “Tell me the truth, Thor. Is there a way to put Steve back to what he was this morning?” he demands.
Steve tells her about he waited outside that apartment for hours, thinking of the worst possible things, and how every now and then, he had to be talked down from going in with his gun, how his mind exploded with the earworm-esque suspicion that he’d been cuckolded by the fucking Winter Soldier and he couldn’t get it out of his head.
us, you know what our marriage is like? You know jack shit. You don’t know what he’d do for me, for our babies. He… he’d put himself between me and the kids and anything that came for us.”
“The three of us fly to London tonight.”
me, and
James starts the car and drives them away, his eyes flinty and concerned, as he peers into the rear-view mirror every now and then, trying to ensure that they’re not being followed. He only stops the car, when he lands at the curb outside their house, and Tony’s out the door without a second glance at the other two adults in the car with him, carrying Maushmi’s soft, thin body through the door.
Tony taps them under the chin and clambers to his feet.
“Wow, it looks like both of our banes of existence is a redhead,” Tony mutters under his breath.
“Yeah, kid, we’re not fighting anymore,” Steve says, and Tony can feel it, the weight of his stare on the back of his skull.
“For fuck’s sake,” Tony mutters under his breath.
Steve clears his throat. “Did you, did you just call me Daddy, Peter?”
“I hate you for this,” he says, coldly. “This is all your fault. I wish you’d never come back into my life.”
“That’s not what I was trying to say at all,” James cuts him off. “I’m scared that’s how he thinks it is. I’m scared he’s going to take it out on you.”
