After the others came back he would happily surrender his place on the team, moving his act strictly back to a support role. He would build and design tech for the team, try and keep Peter, Nat, Vision, James, and Rhodey safe. That was enough for him.
“Tony, why were you using that memory?” James asked him, approaching him again now that the memory of Siberia had cleared. He laid a hand on his shoulder before pulling him into a tight hug. “Didn’t you tell me there were rules with this, huh? You told me that we don’t go looking for pain without reason.”
“Ooo Tony, you like that?” Natasha’s voice teased.
Again, the floor was left in silence until Laura stood up from her spot near Clint and said, “T’Challa, can I get you a drink?” The King’s amused eyes landed on her as he bowed his head. “Please, Laura, thank you very much.” And he followed her into the kitchen, asking how she had been as Cooper, Cassie, and Lila went running after them to tell him all about what they had been up to since he last visited. The King was listening to them in rapture as Laura poured him a drink.
Her eyes filled with more tears as she tried to breathe through the onslaught of memories and emotions. This was Tony’s life. A mixture of the good memories of family and love, together with the loss of said family and the pain in their absence.
Almost in a trance he watched Sam duck under the arm that had barred him from getting past Steve. Sam ran to the table and picked up the remote, switching off the TV and turning back towards everyone else, his mouth moving but no sound making it Steve's brain.
“Are you afraid of what you will find?” She asked.
The two women released their hold on the three older children, though Laura didn't put down the wriggling Nathaniel.
’ God, it’s absolutely amazing! How did you get so lucky?”
Sam's resolve strengthened. "At the raft, we spoke and I told you where Cap and Barnes had gone. You promised me you would go as a friend, Stark. You promised me that you would go to them as a friend and help, and I don't know how- "
Her large black eyes turn on him and again take him in. The feeling is unsettling at the very least, it’s like she knows something and is trying to find it on or in him. He doesn’t fidget, but he wants to.
Rocket spoke up from where he sat on a step. “Thanos showin’ up here ain’t a good sign for their fate, is it?” It wasn’t meant to be harsh, but it wasn’t a question.
James sighed and nodded. “Good.” Sam said as Tony came back to them, smiling brightly. “Alright, Peter is going to do his homework and then he will come over. Let’s get some more stuff for a celebration to welcome our friends tonight!”
that I would never forgive him for that."
Tony shook a few hands as he walked through the Ballroom. His eyes searched the crowds of people gathered tonight, trying his best to find Natasha. She had told him she would be there, so he knew that the stealthy woman would be somewhere, it was just a matter of finding her.
James felt his heart seize at that. That knowledge would break Steve's heart. He took a breath and pushed open the doors.
Tony ended the call and excitedly announced that King T’Challa and Princess Shuri would be arriving that night and be joining them at the Compound for a few days. He smiled as he said, “I gotta tell Peter, they’ve been electronic pen pals for a while now. He’s going to die when he hears.” With that he walked away to call the kid.
The prank on Vision hadn’t taken too much planning after all. Everyone else was distracted by conversation, pizza, and the movie that the kids had put on. Luckily for Tony, he had seen the animation more times than he could ever count. After Science Squad had finally perfected the invisible spider-webbing, all they had to do was set it up across the hallway to the bedrooms, Wanda on the other side. After that, they just needed Wanda to call to Vision and asked for his help down the hallway. They were all set up in one of the spare rooms, with Tony’s tablet tuned into the security feed for the hallway, FRIDAY ready to record every beautiful second.
"Alright, enough." Tony said, raising his hands. "Laura and Maggie have lunch ready upstairs in the kitchen. Everyone go ahead and head up there. We can try the simulation again later after we've all calmed down and had time to think about what happened."
Clint had found the way onto the roof of the home and could nearly always be found there. Fitting, he supposed for a man known as Hawkeye. If he or Wanda were not in their normal reserved place, you could nearly always find them together in the other's instead. They were close, T'Challa noticed early on. Clint kept an eye on Scarlet Witch as though she were his responsibility. When Clint had opened up to him about what had happened with her bother, he had understood why he felt the need to protect her.
“It wasn’t her fault, Tony, we were afraid.” Natasha pleaded with him.
“Whoa there, Spiderling, any testing needs to be done in the lab. I will not have your shenanigans tear up the Compound, I literally just put it back together, capiche?” T’Challa had Shuri’s arm and he leveled her with a serious look as he said, “Remember we are guests here, yes?”
Bucky's face was near childlike glee when he snickered and said, "Tony, I can't give it back, I'm kind of…attached to it." Bucky could hardly contain the sly grin on his face at his own joke.
Tony in his Iron Man suit, standing in front of that stupid monitor as it played the video of his parent’s death. He turned to the phantom-like apparition of Steve and asked the question that haunted Steve’s nightmares every time he closed his eyes.
Tony stepped back and broke the moment, the smile still on his face as he turned back to the coffee maker.
“Tony can be pretty complicated.” He stated, returning his gaze to Sam.
Plus, Pepper and Vision would be there, probably even Natasha. He hadn't pressed her on the issue, just offered her the option to attend if she felt up to it. She had told him that if he wanted and needed her there, she would be happy to stand by his side.
Shuri only regarded him and laughed, obviously sure that it would never work for him. Clint pretended to be offended before going back to watching the event unfold.
T’Challa’s rich voice carried a simple conversation with Rhodes for a moment before he stood and excused himself for the night, saying he would need rest for the press conference in the morning. Tony and Rhodes called their goodnights, but as T’Challa was about to step out of the room, he turned and asked lightly, “Can I take that bottle for you, my friend?” Tony turned away from Rhodes and the sink for a brief second to see what T’Challa was referring to, before answering, “Yeah, sure, would you mind just throwing it out for me?” T’Challa response was that it would be his pleasure.
Tony let his chin fall to his chest and murmured, “I can’t do this, Rogers.”
It was like time had stopped completely for Steve. No sounds made it to his ears, everything moved slowly, playing out like a silent film.
It was like Steve was watching this all unfold like a movie. He didn't have control over his own mouth and body. He nearly cringed as he watched himself say, "Tony, your dad was proud of you."
About an hour later the elevator arrived on the floor again and Wanda, Clint, Natasha, Vision, and Bruce stumbled out. Wanda and Vision were supporting Clint between them, who had a bit of blood trickling from a cut on his forehead.
So here they all were, the entire Compound and their guests, gathered in the kitchen, trying different solvents and mixtures to try and get the webbing off of Vision’s entire body, and off of Tony and Steve’s joined hands. Wisely, no one had commented or asked how they had gotten their hands stuck together in the first place, though he had more than enough of the looks they were all sending he and Steve when they thought the other wasn’t looking. Tony might have snapped and said something, but to be completely honest he was more focused on the absolutely furious glare that Vision was currently trying to melt him with.
"Hey, Peter, Tony is okay. He's okay and you are okay. Pepper is with him and we are on our way home now. We're going to be there about the same time you are, we might even beat you. Everyone will be home in just a few hours, keep that in mind, focus on that, Pete. Can you do that?" The boy nodded, a few tears still clinging to his lashes.
“Okay, hold on, lets try something new, huh?”
T'Challa raised his eyebrows at the mention of kids, but said nothing, waiting until the elevator doors slid open to reveal organized chaos unfolding in the Avengers Compound living space.
Sam and Steve now sat against the wall in the basement in silence. Steve was slowly starting to relax a little bit and the anger that had been there before now faded to simple sadness.
“You mean a head-shrink?” Steve asked skeptically.
Sam nodded at him, though Steve could read his doubt and apprehension.
Tony inquired into a few names specifically, and by the reaction of his FRIDAY, she knew that their fate didn’t look positive. Tony tried to contain his emotions as he hooked various cords and attachments to her body, explaining to her that he was scanning for any possible components that he should be aware of before attempting to fix her damaged parts.
Tony was Peter’s family, and family was everything to him. Rogers had that same family and hadn’t appreciated it, in fact, he had thrown Tony away. So excuse him if he wasn’t ready to make nice with the Captain.
"They are
"Did the pick-up go okay? Mr. Stark was worried about it; he didn't want to talk about it though."
Steve let out a choked sob as he watched Tony take another swig from the scotch bottle. He turned towards Steve, even though he still wasn’t visible. But it seemed easier for Tony this way. Their hands were clasped together, but Tony didn’t have to look into those too-blue eyes.
Rhodes walked in then and asked for their attention.
It hadn’t helped that she had her actions excused every step of the way. Rogers and Barton, all of them, they stepped in front of her and made sure she never had to face her consequences, never had to confront repercussions. They had lain the blame anywhere else, usually on Tony himself. He was big enough to admit that had led to building negative feeling for her on his part. The bottom line was that she had lost her family to those she had hated, and then suddenly, she was on the team with those people, and expected to be grateful and happy. The whole thing was ridiculous, and it needed to end.
"What?" Steve whirled around to stare Scott. "If you knew they were already gone, why didn't you get out?"
Tony's face softened, "Oh? Allow me to be your tour guide, I know all the best stops. The first stop is; you don't have to be anything for anyone other than yourself. You spent so long being "Bucky" for Rogers, and then even longer being "no one" for Hydra. Who do you want to be?"
Her hands faltered over the controls. “What did you just call me?” She asked incredulously, putting a warning into her voice that Tony clearly didn’t care about or didn’t bother to listen to, since he repeated, “Stardust, honey.”
The doors slid open and over a dozen armed guards stepped on to the floor, raising their automatic weapons and pointing them at the gathered Avengers while yelling for them to put their hands in the air.
"Widow and Patriot, why did you let Scarlet Witch out of your sight?" He asked, turning and addressing them.
Steve couldn't help but beam at him. "Everyday, Buck, I can't tell you how happy I am that the treatment worked. How are things here, you happy?"
“Tones!” he called out. “Channel 7 is breaking the news now!”
"Has anyone found Wanda?" Steve ground out.
"I can do this!" He shot back, his voice desperate as he reached out to a civilian in the building.
T'Challa wasn't even slightly surprised that Stark knew that the fugitives were hiding out in his palace.
"He is getting worse. He doesn't want the others to know but it is actually killing him inside."
Tony’s face betrayed only momentary surprise at seeing them all there before the corners of his lips lifted into a small smile.
The last word came out in a breathy exhale that Steve found himself copying in a desperate attempt to remind his body how to actually breathe. They all watched as Tony and Pepper stood tall side by side at the head of the large glass table. Pepper began the meeting, her voice strong as Tony stood next to her, his relaxed posture still nearly screaming power in a way that Steve had only ever heard of but never seen in person.
“You did it, kid. I hope that wherever you are, you know that. You did it.”
James started toward him slowly, calling out his name softly so he didn't startle him.
“I actually really like the guy. He’s a good fit. And he can ride ants into battle, I mean, give the guy some theatric points.” Tony said laughing.
Leaning forward, Tony gently took her hand in his own. "Laura, sweetheart, I know. I'm not done though. Please, give me a little more of your time to explain. Can you do that for me, Mama Bird?"
“I’ll make sure the kids are occupied and be right back.”
“Tony and I are looking to expand our family. This little one should be returning to New York with us soon.”
“No, she can’t. Just like yours but it’s okay because I have my family here. You’re part of that.”
“You need water not caffeine.”
“In a minute, Pete,” Tony says to Peter as he rousles his messy curls.
“What’s that baby?”
“I’d like that Tony. I’d like it a lot.”
In the early hours of Christmas Eve, Tony makes love to his husband. Slow and gentle, trying to do what he can to pull him out of the dark place in his mind. Tony was a bottom by nature, and it wasn’t often they had sex like this. He liked to be the one on his back as Steve thrust into him. Afterward, they cuddle on the couch, before making their way to the bathroom to clean up.
“Pepper won’t let me see Morgan.”
“Good. Can I go to Ned’s later? We have a group project we’re working on.”
“The ice bucket too, son.”
Tony rubs his back, “it was just a dream.”
Steve laughs at the little joke they make when Peter does anything in particularly clumsy manner.
The house is decorated for Christmas but it isn’t feeling festive. Steve has to go through the files. There was a high chance he would come across ones about his daughter. He had no doubts that Hydra had done something to her. He had to keep his anger in check because if Julia and Tim weren’t dead he would have killed them himself. He didn’t know how someone could let their child be experimented on. He didn’t care that they had second thoughts and did the right thing.
“Yes,” Coulson says. “She fell in with Hydra but remained working at SHIELD. Her whole mission may have been to date you and get pregnant. We’re thinking she had second thoughts about letting them experiment on her daughter. She was left at the daycare facility and no-one realized anything was off until she wasn’t picked up that night. By the time we tracked her parents down the next morning they were already dead.”
Peter pokes his head around the couch, his brown hair messy and pointing out in all directions. Steve walks over to the couch with  his mug, leaning down to kiss Peter’s forehead as he passes. He sets the coffee on the table and turns towards his son. “You want milk or juice?”
“Let me do it,” Sam says as he forces his way in and Tony is too shocked to protest. He sits back on his haunches and watches the scene in front of him play out. Sam alternating between compressions and rescue breathing. Not even flinching at the times Peter coughs water into his mouth.
“Because you’re asleep on the couch. Go use the bed.”
“I love you, kid.”
There’s the sound of his daughter splashing in the water and the sound of her toys hitting the side of the tub. There’s the sound of  his children noisily slurping their popsicles. The sound of Peter occasionally turning the page in his book.
Steve drops the remote on the table and turns towards his husband. He can’t help the smile that spreads across his face as he watches Tony cuddling with his daughter. He sits on the couch and leans in to kiss Tony on the lips.  “Thank you,” he whispers against Tony’s lips.
He takes her temperature next, waiting for the thermometer to beep. He pulls it out of her mouth and frowns as he sees that she has a fever.
The little boy holds out one of his toys to him. “Please. I have no-one to play with.”
“It just happened?” The words come out angrier than he’s intending. It wasn’t meant for her.
“I need some time to myself kid. Bring my bottle of gin out here.”
She’s quiet for a minute and he supposes she’s still processing the information.
“I’m bored.”
Peter takes off the shoe he hasn’t finished tying and throws it across the room in Steve’s direction. “You’re a liar! I hate you!”
“I needed a laugh. Thanks for that.”
Steve lets out a snort and tries to hold back a laugh pressing his face against Tony’s shoulder.
Peter whines and blindly tries to shove her hand away.
“Peter, you have to do as the doctor says,” Tony says as he walks closer to them.
“Don’t make me repeat myself. Jarvis, set a timer for twenty minutes.”
Steve lets her chin go and pick her up. She cries against Steve’s neck. “I’m sorry Steve. I didn’t mean to make you mad.”
Peter can’t find the air to answer and instead pushes up Steve’s shirt until his skin is touching him. Steve flinches away for a second but stops himself. “Tony, he’s freezing.” It wasn’t a cold night and the cabin didn’t have air conditioning. It was a little on the warm side. Ben opens his bedroom door and takes in the scene. May is standing behind him. Steve picks Peter up and walks back to their room. Tony and Steve sit with him on the bed and try to calm him down. Find out if he’s hurt or scared.
Beverly lifts up her dress showing off her white tights and patterned underwear underneath. “No I’m not!”
May chuckles, “How far is it? It might be better to drive. Ben and I aren’t exactly outdoorsy types.”
“Sure old man.”
Father
“How far out is the medevac? We need to get him out of the wet clothes.” Sam yells into the comm.
“Banner is staying at the house to wait for Peter. The rest of us are heading into the woods. I’ll head north. Black Widow head east. Hawkeye take west. Falcon will join you in the skies. Everyone head out.”
“The man. That’s why he made the mess in the kitchen.”
“The tooth fairy! Santa Claus! You told me all my teeth would fall out if I didn’t brush them!”
Tony crosses his arms and looks over at Steve. Biting his tongue and not saying a wiseass remark to his husband. Tony can see the pain behind Steve’s eye, he can see the thoughts running through his head. “Steve,” he says softly as he sits on the couch by him and wraps his arm around him. “Listen, we have to follow the rules for this. She’s a minor.”
“Hey Steve, do you have a minute?” Peter asks as he comes into the room after cleaning up the dishes from dinner.
Beverly laughs, “I did not.”
“Are you saying ghosts are real? Really?” Steve asks shocked.
Tony places her in the middle of the couch and brings the gift closer to her. He goes into the kitchen to grab a cup of coffee. Listening to Peter and Steve talking excitedly as Peter decides which one to open first.
“Dude! You know what would be cool?” Peter exclaims
“Tony—”
Steve is holding his head in his hands. “Tony…Tony…Tony…”
In a few minutes, Steve is there with Natasha. They can hear the Quinjet getting closer. Steve falls to his knees over by Sam and Tony. Peter is in Tony’s arms, he’s coughing and having trouble breathing. Steve puts his arm around Tony and leans in to kiss Peter’s wet forehead.
Peter looks at Phil shyly before offering his hand and leading him into the living-room where they sit on the rug.
Peter climbs off her lap and reaches for her hand. Steve nods at her letting her know it’s ok. May walks him to this room and pulls the covers down so he can climb in. She tucks the covers around him tightly. “Night light,” he says sleepily to her already starting to doze off. She looks around the room until she finds it on the dresser. It was small and in the shape of a fox. It let out an orange glow when she turned it on. “I love you Aunt May.”
“Maybe? I’m also glad to be away. Does that make me a bad parent?”
He returns a few minutes later and Tony has got him calmed down and settled in the bed. Steve gets back into bed and looks over at the two. He gives Tony a kiss before leaning down to place one on Peter’s chubby cheek. “I didn’t find anything in your room. You ready to go back to sleep?”
An exhausted Tony sits up and turns on the light. Peter clings to his side as he looks for his phone on the side table. “Let’s try calling Papa. It will be tomorrow for him.”
Peter presses himself against the tiled wall opposite Steve. Before he can yell at Peter again, Beverly opens the shower door and steps in still in her pajamas. So instead of scolding his son he’s heading over to her and pulling her nightgown up and off her body. He discards her clothes in the corner of the shower and goes to turn on the other shower head.
“It’s okay,” Thor says as he lets her.
“Goodnight buddy.”
Steve returns to the table and leans down whispering something in Beverly’s ear. He kisses the top of her head before she runs off to Peter’s room. Most of the agents head back outside as Hill, Coulson, and Fury sit at the table. Tony breaks out the coffee pot and some cups. He’s not happy with them being here but he’s still a good host. Coulson is pulling out all the paperwork for them to sign.
“Try again, Peter,” Tony says.
“We kept telling Peter it was his imagination. He was so upset and trying to tell us,” Steve says as he glances over to their son who is immersed in some nature program.
“Dad—” Peter drew out the word, “are we there yet? How much longer?”
“Hey there,” Coulson says as he offers his hand. “What your name?”
“I died, Peter. It’s a risk we all take every time we go out there to fight.”
She shakes her head and avoids his gaze.
Tony remains standing in place leaning against the kitchen counter. Steve sighs and walks over to him, sliding his arms around his waist and pulling him into a hug. It felt like such a natural movement even though it was an unusual interaction for the two. Tony relaxes against him and breathes deeply. This world where Tony was his husband and they shared such intimacy, was something he could get used to.
“So he’s back to drinking?” Steve asks as he grabs the bottle and sticks it in the recycling.
Peter looks down ashamed trying to cover the front of his pants with his hands. It had been years since he had an accident and he was completely mortified.  “The door was stuck and I couldn’t get out.”
Steve humors him and returns with the first aid kit that he always brought along on vacation. He opens it up and digs around until he find the thermometer under the band-aid. “Should we clean this before putting it in Daddy’s mouth?”
“Son,” Tony says emphasizing the word.
“There’s no room,” Peter says pointing to his sister. “We have to wake her up but she won’t be quiet.”
Peter mulls the question in his mind, taking a second to realize that Tony means Pepper and Morgan. He was tired, his side ached and he knew a bruise was already forming. It would be gone in a couple days time.  He wondered about Pepper’s reaction to seeing Tony and how everything was so quiet. Pepper was protective of Morgan, some would say over protective. He didn’t think she would just let Tony see his daughter right away. Not until she had figured out how he was back.
Tony knew he had to do more than just wipe his tears. Peter was the one to initiate affection. Same with Steve and really anyone in his life. Tony never turned Peter down or chastised him for crying. So unlike Howard but still he wondered if he was even capable of being a good father to Peter. Doing different than his father would have done was a start. It felt awkward but it was just him and his son in the room and his son needed him right now.
“Steve, this one from you?” Tony asks as he picks up a thin box wrapped in white paper with glittery snowflakes on it.
He had spoken to Steve earlier that day or had it been yesterday? It was all blending together as he stays up all hours still trying to work as Pepper takes over as much responsibility as she can. Steve had let him know that the mission was  delayed and they’ll still be another few weeks. He promises to find someone to help. Tony didn’t know how Steve thought he could do a better job finding a nanny when he’s thousands of miles away.
Steve crouches down and tells Peter to climb up on his shoulders, letting the kid have a better view. “What are you complaining about? Look at this view of the lake.”
“Is this how my father felt? I’m dead and you just let our kids walk all over you. Were you just going to allow this?”
“Was I difficult to be married to?”
“How can you question that?”
He nods up at his father who pulls the backpack off his back and pulls a blanket out of it. Steve sets up an area for them on the sand, pulling out the drinks from the bag. Steve does his best to brush all the sand off of Beverly. She’s wiggling around and trying to stand on the blanket so he’s unsuccessful in keeping sand off of their sitting area. A sense of calm that he hasn’t felt in weeks settles over him as he stretches his legs out and leans back. Listening to Peter explain a card game to his sister as he deals out cards.
This was a hard chapter to plot out and write. I hope it flows properly. Phone calls are very awkward to write but I tried.
A little smile breaks across Beverly’s face. On second thought, her mother was right and Steve would take her home.
“Ew, Beverly is picking her nose.”
“What happened when you were in the woods?”
Peter cranes his head trying to get a better view but the sheet is still obscuring them. He startles as he sees two children dragging a box towards him. A little girl has joined the boy. She’s wearing pajamas and her eyes appear to be sunken in. She pulls a doll out of the box and squeals with delight. “We haven’t been able to touch things for ages. I’ve missed this.”
“Oh I smell?” Tony pulls his head down into his sweaty neck. Peter pulls out of his grasp.
“You don’t know? How did you get mud on your feet? Get off the couch now! You’ve gotten dirt all over it!”
This author sees and appreciates all comments, but may not reply.
“This way of apology might work if you go lower,” Tony says as he pulls his shirt back down.
After a quick shower, he sits on the couch and opens a beer. He flips through the television channels until he finds some reality show with episodes all day. He lies down and gets comfortable. Time passes and he drinks more. He’s not paying attention to the time. He stirs awake as Friday announces that Happy is downstairs and on his way up with the children. He quickly deposits the bottles in the recycling and lies back down on the couch.
“Tony! It’s more than sex! You didn’t even list love.”
“Tony, something is on your mind.”
“Steve, stop you’re scaring her,” Tony says as he walks over to them.
Peter shrugs and avoids looking at his father. Tony squeezes his knee affectionately. “You can tell me anything. You know that? I won’t get mad.”
“Morgan?”
Peter and Beverly are laughing so loudly you can barely hear her reply.
Tony laughs and shakes his head. “Fair point.”
“We’re sorry for the misunderstanding. Peter had told us you were fine with him staying.”
Tears pour out of her eyes and she manages to squeak out a yes.
Her heavy steps can be heard through the kitchen and up the next flight of stairs and into the guestroom.
“Tony, where the hell is this coming from?” Steve asks as he follows him down the hallway.
“No,” Peter begs as he starts to squirm. His body tenses as Steve smacks his bottom a couple times. Tears flood his eyes and Steve is letting him up so he rolls onto his back and starts to rub his stinging behind. Peter did not like having a sibling at all. This was the second time Steve had spanked him and it was all this girl’s fault.
“Your sister, Morgan.”
“Thatta boy. Go get your shoes on.”
“Who missed me?”
“Petey we can’t,” Steve says as he grabs his ankles trying to still him. Tony goes for his hands to stop him from jerking around.
The house is dark and quiet as Steve steps inside. It had been almost a month since he had been inside these walls. The familiar smells reach his nose and how much he’s missed his family really hits him. He is beyond exhausted and his shoulder is still throbbing. The mission went well. A few injuries here and there but they had gotten what they were after. Important intel and another Hydra base dismantled and burned to the ground. He sets down a heavy bundle with a thud onto the table before walking softly into his bedroom and thru to the bathroom.
“Oh. Hey Steve. Morning. I just got back inside. What did your asshole husband do now?”
“Good night, Tony,” he says before walking softly to his room.
It wasn’t his daughter's files but she was someone’s daughter and this is how Hydra had treated their experiments. Over and over he saw the same things and he had to think that his daughter had gone through those unspeakable things. There was no way to tell, she seemed normal and well adjusted. In those memories were repressed down deep he didn’t want them shaken loose.
“Are you mad at me?” Tony asks shocked.
Tony swats Peter’s thigh while using his other hand to hold him in place and keep pressure on the cut. Peter cries out and tries to move away. “I’d had enough of this. You can not hit your Papa and me.”
“How was the drive?”
“But it just gave an example.”
Peter nuzzles into his neck and holds onto his shoulder. Steve kisses the top of his head. “Be good for Tony, okay?”
Tears are forming in Peter’s eyes. “Please let me stay.”
Tony walks up to him and kisses him deeply as he slips the keys out of his hands.
Blood starts to seep through Peter’s fingers and Tony thinks he must have bit his lip when he fell. Beverly’s small hand grips his arm tightly and he looks down to make sure the soap bubbles aren’t too high and blocking her face. He crouches down and picks her up too, his back be damned. The two kids were heavy together. He walks slowly to the bathroom that hasn’t yet flooded. Jarvis had stopped the dishwasher and he would send out robots to suck up the mess once they were out of the room.
“You let him get out of time-out before times up.”
“It’s always the same thing. I should think of something else,” Tony says starting to second guess his gift.
“You remember Peter’s first day of kindergarten? He was so nervous to go and you were worried he would cry.”
“I knew I could make you laugh.”
“No,” Tony says softly. “Just wanted to watch.”
Peter curls up on the couch as Tony washes the dishes from breakfast. Steve is in the laundry room switching the loads. Tony finishes the dishes and joins Peter on the couch. He helps him to sit up and starts to look him over. Peter fusses and tries to push  himself further into the couch cushion as if he could disappear. For over twenty-four hours someone had been poking and prodding at him. In the hospital the nurses were in his room every hour to check his vitals. Since he returned home he hadn’t had a moment alone. One of his parents was always right by him. His eyes are pulled shut tightly so he doesn’t notice Tony unscrewing the top to the a bottle of medicine. Tony uses the eye dropper to measure out the correct dose. They had been instructed to do the first dose after breakfast.
Please comment and let me know what you think.
Peter shakes his head and rests his face against Tony’s chest, his small hand reaches up to poke at his lip. Tony frowns watching him before he gently pulls his hand back from his face.
“They’re calling for rain. Probably in the next hour,” Steve says referring to the weather channel. He had the television on, he couldn’t stand the silence of the house.
Tony looks up at him, his fingers still resting on the home-keys of his laptop keyboard. Steve lets out a sigh. “We need to talk, Tony.”
“Didn’t we ever cuddle before bed?” Tony asks.
“No?” Steve asks laughing. “Why not?”
“In a—,” Tony stops mid sentence as the power goes out. He sighs, “It will be back on in a minute. The breaker is resetting.”
Steve takes off his shoes and hangs his keys on the hook. He looks over at Peter and puts his hands on his hips. “What are you doing up so late?”
Steve laughs nervously. “Maybe I need to take a step back and explain something first.”
Peter starts to walk back towards the couch. “Dad? There’s a boy outside. Standing in the rain.”
“What are you the God of?” she asks excitedly.
“I want to jump.”
“Oh yeah. I was kinda a dick as a kid,” Bev says rolling onto her stomach.
Feedback
“That was the name of their daughter,” Jerry says solemnly.
Peter sits up and looks around the room confused. “It’s still dark.”
Peter looks like he’s going to start crying again. “I hurt Papa and scared my sister. She isn’t going to like me now.”
________________
“I’m good.”
Tony unwraps it and hands it to Peter who immediately shoves it into his mouth. Tony smiles widely thinking about how he looks like a toddler sucking on a pacifier. Steve seems to be having the same thought because he mirrors Tony’s look. It was the small moments like this that he was thankful for this little family he had built with Tony. He wanted to do everything in his power to protect them.
“Sure, all the toys are for you,” he says as he reads over a report.
Worry spreads across Peter’s face.
“The Fields. You said Millers but that’s not their name.”
Steve sighs and runs his hand through his hair. “Hey Pete, come over here. I have someone for you to meet.”
Loki cackles. “Of Mischief,” he corrects, “and I am not bad news.”
*****
“Do you miss Papa?” Peter asks after a couple minutes.
After a few more minutes Peter joins her upstairs, gathering his things they head out together.
Steve and Tony are already engrossed in a show on the television.
Peter cuddles up between his two dads on the sofa. Ben and May are cuddling on the loveseat. He starts to feel tired halfway through the movie. Tony nudges his shoulder and tells him to go to bed. He stares sleepily at Tony before closing his eyes and cuddling into Steve. Peter lets out a whine as Tony pulls him away from Steve and nudges him up off the couch. “Go on. Get to bed.”
“What’s that?”
“No hospital,” Peter cries as he slaps Tony’s face.
The next morning. Tony is having trouble sleeping and it’s a rare occurrence where he’s up and out of bed before Steve. He makes coffee and sits on the couch in silence. Thinking through the past day and deciding if he can really manage raising another child. He stands up as he hears footsteps coming down the hall. Beverly walks up to him in an old pair of Peter’s pajamas, she holds up her arms as she reaches him. Just like Peter does on so many morning, wanting to be held close before starting the day. Tony could relate it did make the day slightly better. He picks her up and she cuddles into him like a snake wrapping around its meal.
“The girl?”
“Eat. Then shower.”
Tony raises his eyebrow at Steve and wonders how he’ll answer. Did he not tell the girl that he’s her father?
“Let’s get you inside,” Steve says pulling him back and leading him inside. He fixes a glass of water for Tony and leaves him standing at the kitchen counter when he realizes Fury is still standing outside.
“You know I love you and will always be your Papa.”
“Don’t worry about the turkey.”
******
Tony is already standing up and putting on his watch, getting ready to transform into Iron Man if needed. “What? Stay behind?” Tony complains as he  tries to push past Steve and get to the kitchen first. He flips on the lights and they see all the cabinet doors open. Canned food has fallen off the shelves scattered on the counters and floor. Ben and May enter to room and take in the mess.
A huge smile is spreading across Peter’s face. “I’m so happy you’re home!”
“It’s great having you. Peter is excited for you to be here,” Steve says before drinking his coffee.
Peter starts crying harder and tries to pull out of Tony’s grip.
“What bad people? It’s just Papa, me, and your sister here.”
Peter whines and pulls himself closer against his father.
“Dad! My cereal!”
The little ghost boy appears from behind some boxes, he runs past Peter giggling before circling back. “Peter! Do you want to play?”
Peter’s face falls as he processes the news. He goes determinedly over to the shoe area and sits down. Putting his shoes on and choosing to ignore Steve. “No Daddy. You said we’re going into town so we’ll go into town.” He does that when he’s excited or frustrated, calling them both Daddy and not bothering to differentiate between the two. They were his parents and should know by some intuition who he was talking to.
Peter moves away from Steve and buries his face into the couch cushion. Beverly pulls the ice pack away from her eye and holds it out ot her brother. “Here, Peter take this.”
Steve smiles sadly as he feels tears welling in his eyes. “He…God…He had so much sugar that day—”
Tony looks down his head hanging heavy with shame, his lips in a thin line. He couldn’t look at Steve and see that anger on his face again.
“The one and only,” Tony says dryly not wanting the conversation to turn to Stark Industries or IronMan. He almost considers asking the guy if he wanted an autograph or a picture, as if he’s trudged through the rain for something like that. People always wanted something from him. It was hard for him to accept that it was a just a concerned neighbor. Someone who had befriended his husband and son, and who was genuinely concerned for his family. He’d believe it if nothing showed up in the headlines about his vacation spot tomorrow.
After a minute, he hesitantly sets Peter back down on his feet. He pulls him into another hug before he goes over to pick up Beverly. A quick hug and kiss before she’s asking to be put back down. Steve leaving isn’t a big deal to her and she wants to continue playing with her toys. She was showing Clint all of her stuffed dogs. He goes to Tony last, pulling him into a tight hug and whispering I love you into his ear. A quick peck on the lips because he had spent the last hour kissing every inch of Tony’s body. But Tony is greedy and deepens the kiss forcing his tongue inside.
“You tried your best Papa,” Peter says softly.
“There’s no candy.”
“We will. Wait your turn.”
“It was in the past. I’m not like that anymore. Not since we got together.”
Tony sits on the bed by Steve. “Come on Pete. Sit in my lap.”
The girl curls tighter against Steve, tears squeezing out her eyes.
“You’re mean!” Peter cries before running off to his room and slamming the door.
“Yes!” Peter says getting frustrated.
The little boy is grabbing a tea set from the box. “We can have a tea party.”
“Bev, what the fuck?”
“Papa how was your run?”
“Hey, are you hungry?” Peter asks as he pulls a sandwich out of a paper bag and throws it onto the coffee table.
“I’m going to sit down,” Peter says cautiously like approaching a wounded animal.
“What’s that, son?” Steve asks, turning towards him.
“I think Peter is having some kind of hallucination or he’s woken up from a nightmare.”
“It is Tony. Partly…I don’t know. We’re not exactly talking.”
“It sounds nice though. I’m being nice.”
“Bev, dear, why aren’t you in bed?”
“Of course,” Steve answers as he rolls on his side and slides his hand over to Peter’s small one. Tony was on his side facing his husband, Peter curls up against him like a little spoon. Peter felt safe with his two dads so close and he was able to fall back asleep. No more bad dreams came that night.
One day in the grocery store Tony let go of his hand, left him with a cart full of groceries as he raced out the door. He stood by the cart and waited for him to return. Scared of the old ladies that would ask him to move the cart out of the way. He’d stare at them blankly and they’d move the cart and complain about people not watching their children. Eventually the store manager came over. All the groceries were put back and they brought him behind the counter. He had been so excited about being back there he started asking tons of questions. Forgetting for a second that Tony had left him. They finally got him to settle down and give them his phone number and name. The next thing he remembered was being excited to see Steve walking into the store. Steve, full of anger and worry, thanked the employees profusely. Picking up his young son and holding him close. Kissing his forehead and asking him if he’s alright. Muttering something about killing Tony when he gets home. They leave the store and walk back to the car. Peter asks about the groceries and Steve tells him not today.
This was all Peter ever wanted, for Tony to be alive and fill that mentor role for him. It was the stuff of dreams and now that it was real it felt off. Nothing was right today, he should be in Tony’s arms letting his tears seep into his shirt. Telling him about everything that happened in the past few years, barely pausing to take a breath or let Tony get a word in. He should be excited and not whatever mess of emotions he was feeling.
Beverly’s bright brown eyes look up towards her father. She looks quizzical before saying, “no.”
Steve rubs his back and Peter cuddles more into his body. “More bad dreams?”
The woman stands up and starts to lead him away. “I’ll take you to your home.”
Peter sits heavily in the chair, letting the tears roll down his cheeks and not bothering to wipe them. Steve eventually gets up and heads into his office but not before warning to Peter that he isn’t to get up not even a second before the timer ends.
“Are you telling me you did something to Tony?”
Steve heads into the house and Tony sits at the patio table pulling up his phone to go through his emails. Board meeting in the morning, some function Thursday night. Pepper didn’t specify if Steve needed to be there too. It’s important for people to see you’re a family man. The playboy tendencies long in the past. He could use the adoption as a way to get out of it. There was a text from Pepper saying she was going to stop by in the evening. He wonders if she had already been in contact with Coulson and was already working on how they would introduce their next adopted child.
“Don’t say it.”
He looks down at Peter and the goosebumps forming on his arms.  He takes one of the towels from Beverly and wraps it around Peter the best he can one handed. Jarvis has said it was important to not let up on the pressure. He glances back at his daughter.
“I have to go,” Steve whispers against his lips and pulls away. “Peter can be dramatic but I don’t need that from you,” he teases.
“God dammit Peter.” Steve’s words cut through him.
“Can’t say I’ve seen it.”
“You’re not. What’s going on?”
“Do we have a son? I think he would be in highschool.”
Tony’s loud ringtone breaks their concentration. He glances at the screen and excuses himself. “It’s Pepper,” he whispers to Steve before answering it and heading to his office.
“How do you expect to get through life if you can’t stand up to your little sister?”
“Tony!”
Note: If you don’t want a reply, for any reason (sometimes I feel shy when I’m reading and not up to starting a conversation, for example), feel free to sign your comment with “whisper” and I will appreciate it but not respond!
“There’s a kid at the SHIELD facility. My kid. My DNA. That woman I dated before you. She was pregnant when we broke up. I swear I didn’t know. I would have stayed with her. Raised that kid even if it made me miserable being in a straight relationship.”
Natasha uncrosses her legs and stands up abruptly before slowly pacing around the room. “I’ve had the exact amount of sleep I need. I could say the same to you.”
He holds the door open as she kicks snow off her boots before stepping inside. Beverly had set out after lunch, heading from Baltimore up to Cambridge to meet Peter. She was finishing up her second to last semester before graduating. Peter was working on his PhD and student teaching at MIT.
“A sibling besides Loki? I hope she isn’t a Loki 2.0.”
“All done,” the doctor says as she pulls a sucker from her bag as offers it to Peter.
“Is this about Henry?”
“But Daddy, I told her not to touch my toys and she wouldn’t listen.”
“You’re mistaken,” Tony says hurriedly as he stands up heading to the kitchen. He pulls open the fridge. “There’s leftover spaghetti Steve made last night. You should eat lunch. And you could stand to take a shower. When was the last time you had one?”
Peter looks at him hesitantly knowing from his last encounter that the boy wasn’t alive. He can hear someone digging through a box and more giggling. The ghost boy runs towards the noise. “Don’t be shy. You said you wanted to meet him.”
“There’s a logical explanation,” Tony says as he walks up to the empty cabinet and starts to examine the shelves. There was no damage to them they were perfectly in place.
“We’ll get the kids in something private. Where celebrities send their children and everything is kept as private as possible.”
“Dad?”
Peter laughs. “100% serious.”
“Thanks Tony. I uh, love you too,” Peter says awkwardly.
Driving down the road not far from the store, he thinks that he sees Tony walking. Steve pulls the car over and gets out. He convinces Tony to get back in the car with him. Steve drives off, chancing glances at his husband who is oddly quiet and staring down at the dash.
“It’s still going to be an adjustment for him,” Steve says as Tony passes him another paper to sign.
“Stop that,” Steve says without looking up.
Each man is on his own side of the bed, an obvious space between them. It’s so quiet Steve can hear Tony breathing. They had taken their time getting ready for bed, and Steve being a gentleman gave Tony his choice of side. He hoped Tony would just fall asleep and they could sort everything out in the morning. What was there to sort though? Pepper had moved on and was marrying another man. Either Tony would be devastated or somehow reconcile with Pepper and destroy what she has with current guy. Or at least bring it into question.
Tony checks the shelf again before heading into Peter’s room. The little boy is curled up around his pillow, eyes squeezed shut unnaturally as if he’s pretending to be asleep. “Pete,” Tony says softly. Peter sits up suddenly and holds his arms out, Tony immediately sits on the bed and pulls him into his lap wrapping his arms around him tightly.
“Should we make him nap?”
“He didn’t. Can I stay for dinner? They invited me.”
“Did you have to be so harsh on her? She’s crying for chrissake.”
He waits a moment for his body to get back to normal so he doesn’t go into his kid’s room with a tent in his boxers. He sighs and gets off the bed to go check on him.
“Yeah I believe that’s the house.”
“The newspaper would be nice. Probably could use more milk,” Steve says as he does a quick inventory of the fridge.
She winces as he lets go of her arm and rubs as the tender skin he just pinched. She’s still giggling as she pulls out her phone to text Peter.
“No. I get a weird feeling in that house. Let’s invite them over here in the morning. Tell them over some coffee and pastries.”
“Pete already knows the drill. I have to leave for a mission. Do you know what that means, Bev?”
Steve’s chest feels tight as he watches his son upset like that, seeing the deep purple bruise sticking out of the top of his t-shirt made him feel worse. A reminder of the emergency CPR performed on him after being pulled from the creek. He pulls his crying child into his lap and up against his body. He rubs Peter’s back as the child sobs into his shoulder. Steve closes his eyes and tries to ignore the negative thoughts. He couldn’t help feeling like it was all his fault. How did he not know his son was missing?
“That wasn’t a yes or no question. Get over here.”
Peter holds the thermometer and looks down crestfallen.
“Peter said a woman helped him in the woods. Was that another Kitsune?” Tony asks as he sets down one of the pages.
He thinks about it in the shower and then when he’s in the bedroom getting dressed. Vaguely he is aware that Tony is watching him from the bed.
“You’re not fine. You’re bleeding.”
“Steve.”
Steve holds him a little tighter, he never realized how much he wanted to hear those words from Tony. Or that he had even wanted to hear them at all. He had given up on the idea of settling down and falling in love. He had missed his chance with Peggy. There was no way to play that life out. He had lost Tony and any opportunity to explore those feelings he kept pressed down deep.
“How you feeling, man? You want to come inside and visit for a minute?” Steve asks his hand still resting on Tony’s shoulder.
“Daddy? Do you shampoo your chest hair?”
May had sacrificed so much for him. She loved him unconditionally and never had she made him feel like a burden. She had treated him like he was her own son. He was always thankful for his Aunt and Uncle. He read a lot as a kid and knew he could have ended up like Harry Potter with the Dursleys. Or any of the other unfortunate orphans in children’s fiction.
She rolls back onto her back and resumes staring at the ceiling.
“I don’t know son and it’s not something for you to worry about.”
“You’ll be like us soon.”
Steve goes to the kitchen to pour the cup and hands it to Peter before he sits on the couch by him. He turns on the tv and find an old  black-and-white movie. Steve wraps his arm around him and pulls him close.
He wraps his arm around her tiny waist, pulling her close.
“What colors do you have?”
Tony shakes his head as he tries to come up with an answer. “More than you or I.”
“Those tiny cheese sandwiches and—”
“Yeah. I think she does.”
“Is this your husband?” Beverly asks remembering Steve talking about him during previous visits. He had even brought along some children’s books about gay families to read with her.
“Your stubborn ass has already made up your mind?”
Kids were never a consideration until Steve had mentioned it in passing and gave his husband time to think about it on his own.  Tony was afraid of being a poor father just like Howard. Steve had his own fears as well. Raising a child in this new strange world where so much had changed seemed daunting. The fact that they had jobs that put their lives on the line everyday also made him reconsider. One seemed to be a perfect number for them. Even with the drowning scare it felt like they were doing a good job with Peter. They had the resources to raise more. Tony could hire an army of nannies but they wanted to be involved parents.
“Bev,” he says as he opens the door. The house was old and only the bathroom had a lock on it. She couldn’t lock people out like she had done at home.
Evening came after a long day of activities outside of the house. They go to a working farm in the neighborhood. Peter was excited to see the farm animals and play with the herding dogs. Touring the sugar shack was one of his favorite parts. It’s a building dedicated to making maple syrup.  The process usually starts in February or March. They tap the trees when it's frozen, and the sap starts flowing once everything thaws. The barrels of sap are taken to the sugar shack to be processed in the oven. Someone has to sleep in the loft and watch the oven all night. The oven is giant, over 5 feet tall and twice as long. Peter was excited to listen to the explanation but was disappointed he couldn’t see the process this time of year.
“Don’t talk to me about my children like I don’t fucking know them!”
“No!”
“Daddy, we need your light over here!”
Beverly keeps jumping on the cushion. Peter kicks her and she falls onto her bottom giggling.
“Pretty bad storm rolling through,” Jerry remarks.
Tony laughs. “When he does?”
“I don’t want you to go. Do you have to?”
“He spent that afternoon screaming and crying before he crashed from all that sugar. He was fine when he woke up from the nap. We went to Mama Rhodes for Christmas dinner. Almost thought we would have to stay home with his earlier behavior,” Tony says as he continues reminiscing. He had no family left and neither did Steve. So their family tradition was to spend it with Tony’s best friend Rhodey and his family.
“Why does it matter? Leave me alone!”
“How do you mean?”
I'll be posting my stories there and previews of stories I'm working on.
Steve comes into the room later to check if Peter is awake from his nap. He finds Peter sitting on the floor staring down at his toys.
Beverly wipes the sleep from her eyes. “Nothing right now.”
Peter looks up at him. “I think he’s still in bed.”
He releases Tony and turns to the two small children who are looking up at him wide-eyed.
Tony hears the covers rustling as Steve sits up and really looks at him this time.
“Another movie?” Tony asks as he looks over at his husband. It was early enough in the evening they could squeeze in another one.
“When does the doctor say so?’
“It’s Dad.”
Steve adjusts Beverly in his arms and starts to stand up.
“Peter?”
“Yes, pumpkin?”
“So these are the little ones?” Thor asks kneeling down to be at their level.
Tony reaches over and grabs Steve’s hand.
“Everyday.”
“Answer the question Peter.”
“No,” Peter says as the doctor pulls out a large cotton swab to swab the back of his throat to test for strep.
He picks Beverly up and tries to calm her down. “Steve?”
“Jesus Crazy Legs.”
“Sorry Tony is still in his lab. Hey FRIDAY, ask Tony to come up here.”
“Steve, you’re forgetting something.”
“Where is your lunch?” Steve repeats.
“Peter!”
“That isn’t good. I don’t want to alarm you. It could be nothing but you should take him to the doctor when you get back.”
Ben goes to the kitchen to search for one and eventually finds one in a drawer. He returns to the couch and shines it on the boy’s head. Tony returns to the room with the first aid kit Steve always brings on vacation. Peter starts to squirm in Steve’s arms as May cleans up his cut. Steve holds him tighter trying to stop his fussing but it only causes the boy to fuss more. He flails his arms knocking the cotton ball out of May’s hand. “Hey!” Steve scolds. “Knock it off. If you don’t stop squirming I’m going to spank you.”
She nods at him, her blonde hair falling messily into her face. He pushes it back and wipes the tears from her eyes. He gets her distracted as he has her count things in the room. She’s calming down after a few minutes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter trudges over to the closet housing the washer and dryer. He grabs the accordion doors and pulls so hard they come off the track. He lets them fall to the floor and starts to load his clothes up in the washer. Muttering to himself as Tony watches sadly from across the room.
Tony was his good friend but he had messed that up. Drove him far away, spun a deep chasm between them. They came back together though, when it was needed the most. Time had passed and they started to have an almost functional friendship. One in which Tony was happily married and Steve knew there was no chance there. So every thought about how Tony would look naked in his bed, or the warmth of his skin as they pressed their bodies together, he pushed them down deep. He didn’t allow those thoughts to exist in his mind.
Peter shakes his head.
Tony gets down on his knee so he’s at Peter’s level and wipes the tears out of his eyes. “Pete, we talked about this on the plane ride over. Papa and I adopted another child. You’re a big brother now, remember?”
Tony is sitting at the dining room table when they arrive home looking through some paperwork. “Why don’t you tell Daddy what you did?” Steve asks as he walks over to the table and sits down. Peter stops in front of Tony and waits for him to look up.
Rhodey softened a tiny bit as he pushed Tony’s hand off his shoulder and gave him a gentle shove away from him. “Go on then, get out of here, you stink.”
Even if she had the time or energy, she knew hers wasn’t exactly a comforting presence. It didn’t seem to matter to the man though. Once he was patched up as well as she could manage, he followed her orders and listened to her flight instructions without a word.
"And to hell with anyone caught in the crossfire." Natasha's voice made the rest of them jump. She and Bucky were in the doorway of the stairwell, back from wherever they had taken Tony.
Upon seeing T’Challa, Ross looked uncertain, obviously not counting on dealing with all of the Avengers and the King of Wakanda. His eyes fell on Bruce and they lit up in delight. “Banner, so good to see you again.” Bruce’s fists were clenched at his sides and he was breathing hard but seemed to have a handle on the Other Guy for the moment.
Tony’s body was tense against his and Steve could feel his breathing increase, the palm against his chest shaking slightly. Their thoughts were in tune because Tony bit out the word, “Timestamp.”
Tony's head shook against his shoulder, "Can't. Too much to do."
With James’ hand on his shoulder, Steve had been trying desperately to catch Tony’s gaze, but he had avoided it until this moment. Steve’s frantic blue eyes met Tony’s sad resigned brown ones. “Steve.” Tony called. Hearing his name fall from Tony’s lips in that tone made Steve’s heart stutter in fear. “Steve, you make sure the kid gets home alright. Penthouse bedtime is 9 PM. Don’t forget DUM-E and U down in the Lab. I’m...I'm sorry about the view, I know I promised you'd have it a little longer.” Tony's eyes were open and honest. Steve was frozen as he listened to Tony’s words that sounded increasingly like a form of goodbye.
“Do you not care if you die?” She spat out.
“I don’t need James, Steve, I just need to take a breath.” Tony cut him off, placing a hand over Steve’s that still rested on his arm. They arrived in the Penthouse and Tony gave Steve’s hand a light pat before pushing himself upright and walking out of the elevator at a slow pace. Steve recovered from his surprise and hurried forward to place a hand on Tony’s shoulder as support. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say that comment about James just now sounded a little bit like jealousy.” Tony said with a playful smirk as they made their way down the long hallway. Steve ducked his head a little bit in embarrassment. In front of them were a few stairs to a landing in front of very large white double doors. Steve had never seen or been inside Tony’s room in the Penthouse.
“Laura.” He whispered her name. She turned sad eyes on him and sighed, walking over to a set of armchairs and moved the coloring books onto a side table. Gesturing for him to take the other seat she said, “Let’s talk Clint. I’ll tell you what’s happened here and then you can try and explain to me your story and tell me why you think I should care.”
Bucky gave him a meaningful look before turning to quickly snag one of Natasha's strawberries off her plate at the counter. She batted him away with a smile.
After some time, Tony was shocked to see just how far Barnes had come. He had pushed himself hard and demanded Tony run the simulations again and again until they were both exhausted.
Tony leaned over to James and whispered, “My favorite feeling, personally.” James snickered in return while Steve felt the familiar flush crawl up his neck. He needed to focus, this was training and he couldn’t have thoughts of an excited and loose Tony distract him, as much as he really wanted to.
“Captain Rogers, how nice to see you again.” Ross drawled and he stepped from the elevator and walked into the room. Steve lifted his chin and returned, “Secretary Ross.”
It was Wong who spoke up with a shake of his head. “Stephen would never have done that! The Time Stone is more important than a single life.” He looked at the others and added, “I’m sorry. It doesn’t matter whose life.”
"Daddy…?" Lila's voice was so small in the heavy air.
Bruce answered with an eye roll and smirk.
Steve felt tears well up in his eyes. “Why did you do it?” He whispered. He knew Tony didn’t have to explain himself to Steve if he didn’t want to, but it had been killing him for so long.
“I’ve wanted you dead for a long time Stark. But I’d settle for those you care about. I almost got both when I had my men blow that wall on the Warehouse by the river. Nearly killed you and your little Spider friend.”
Opening it and tilting it to give her a look inside, her breath caught in her throat. Inside the box was a set of the most beautiful and brilliant white pearl necklaces she had ever laid eyes on. Tony took the necklace out of the box and motioned for her to turn around. She gathered her hair out of the way for him as he fastened it around her neck.
They ran a few tests and simulations together and soon enough they both sat down at one of the desks. "Next on the agenda, the Accords. I think your new roomies might have some pointers they could give you on changes we need to make, don't you?"
Sam's jaw clenched, but he nodded his understanding anyways.
"Why Miss Potts, are you insinuating that I don't look dashing enough in what I am wearing now? I am truly wounded." He broke out into a grin as she laughed and enveloped him in a tight hug with a kiss on his cheek.
“I believe I have a connection with someone who could get me some much better ones.” She joked. Tony’s face lit up. “That you do, Maximoff.”
Steve definitely did not whimper as Tony released his arm and stepped back as if nothing had happened.
“You are lucky that I haven’t killed you yet.” She said as she turned back to the controls, trying to fight the twinge of attachment in her chest as she saw him smile for the first time, even if it was sardonic.
“What about the rest of us, Tony? We could help.” Scott reached out. Tony shook his head though, “Despite what the press conference led people to believe, you aren’t officially approved for the field yet. The Counsel is a bit pre-occupied with the evidence my lawyers gave them so they won’t be able to green-light you in time. I’m sorry, you’ll need to sit this one out, all of you.” Tony gave them all meaningful looks, landing last on Steve.
Tony sat in his lab blankly staring at one of the many screens he had up. He was trying to distract himself with work and honestly, it wasn’t working as well as it usually did. Clint coming to him had been a little bit of a shock. Scott’s conversation hadn’t amazed him as much, after all they didn’t have history and Scott fighting for Rogers wasn’t a personal betrayal. But Clint had come to him and apologized, not for his actions but for the pain they caused, which was so much better. The actions couldn’t be changed, but Clint’s acknowledgement that he understood and was sorry for the pain, that was a bit of healing that Tony wasn’t ashamed to admit he had needed.
Steve almost dies on the spot. What the hell? Since when are Natasha and Tony – fonduing? And why in the hell was it happening around lunch time in the shared kitchen? He feels jealousy rear its ugly head. Judging by the looks on everyone else’s faces, their thoughts are along the same lines. Scott’s face is bright red with embarrassment. Clint’s face is red, though Steve doubts it’s for the same reason, since he looks ready to kill.
Turning last to Cassie, he shook the Snickers bar at her temptingly. She looked slightly at a loss for a moment before brightening up and telling him, “I made a new friend!” Tony raised both eyebrows and said, “Is that so? Alright then, who is it? Remember I need confirmation.” She smiled as she turned around and pointed directly at Steve.
He just honestly didn't think his heart would be able to take listening to news about Tony's life that didn't involve him. He was selfish.
He smiled and nodded as he shook her hand and then Maggie's, replying, "I did indeed, thank you. It was beautifully put together."
Steve nodded solemnly as they both stood and started back up the stairs. Just as they reached the top, Sam's text tone on the secure phone T'Challa had given him went off. He pulled it out and read a text from T'Challa:
Peter piped up instead, excitedly babbling, "Tony and Shuri designed them, the are made out of some of the same material as the Black Panther suit, so they form right to your hands. Totally water and fire proof! They hold kinetic energy in them which can then be released for like, double the power! Mr. Stark designed them with you in mind specifically, so they are going to act like a conduit for your powers! You'll see, Miss Witch – Miss Scarlet – sorry, uh but you'll see, they are so freaking cool!"
Tony suddenly stiffened, “Oh now you want to talk, huh? Now that Saint Rogers wants to talk I should stop and drop everything. Hold on, let me get a pen and paper so I can take notes.”
“When used right, yes.” James replied tiredly.
Steve again looked at James, still slightly confused. James rolled his eyes and started to drag Steve to his room, closing the door. Once inside, James turned around and crossed his arms over his chest training his eyes on Steve who was sitting on the bed. “Did you see how T’Challa did that? He didn’t tell Tony that he was going to take it away, like Tony was a bad kid who got caught with the cookie jar. He gave Tony an option, Steve. He didn’t come in, guns blazing, and tell Tony how he was going to live his life. You gotta stop doing that if you ever want things to work, dummy.”
As Tony’s car pulled up to the curb, the crowd closed in a bit and Happy could be seen exiting the drivers seat and walking around to the passenger’s back door. His face was a mask as the reporter’s flash pictures and call for Tony. Steve was suddenly hit with just how much Happy has been through with Tony. The man has literally stood at Tony’s side, silently guarding him and caring for him for years. Steve feels his heart warm in appreciation for the man. He wonders how often anyone comments on Happy’s steadfast loyalty. He knew that Happy had been injured a while back with preforming his duties. It had been on the news and he knew that it had upset Tony greatly. Why did he know that? Who had told him that? Or maybe he just knew that it would have been upsetting for Tony? How much of his information did he actually hear and how much did he just know? That thought was slightly unsettling for him, so he moved on and tried to focus on the television.
He saw Happy's smile in the rear view mirror as he responded, "I'd get some sleep if I were you, Sir, you might only have about 30 minutes left to live."
Pepper scoffed at him. "Did you really think that you approached the government's high security raft, broke apprehended criminals out of specialized cells, and were able to hide out in the world with everyone looking for you, all by yourselves?"
Rhodes voice was higher than usual. "But the Doctors said Tones was okay, right?"
Inwardly, T'Challa shook his head at his own stupidity. Of course, the only way for the Barton and Lang family could have disappeared off the face of the Earth would be if Tony Stark had wanted them to.
When the doors to the gym opened, the light had faded from the sky and the room was dark. His head hung low and he didn't even bother to look up so see who had disturbed his quiet solitude.
Steve had finally seemed a little more comfortable with the child in his arms and had sat down in a chair in the corner, reveling in the innocent eyes and toothless smile the child in his arms was looking up at him with. His heart did flips at each smile the little boy gave him and he didn’t even notice that he had started to make silly faces at him to try and draw out more. He was so enraptured by the child that he didn’t see Tony look at him softly and slowly approach them, motioning for Lila and Cassie to follow him.
Steve's leg was bouncing nervously next to his and when he could take it no longer he finally whispered, "Steve, man, you've got to relax."
That was enough for those in the surveillance room, who were by now howling with laughter. Scott and Bruce had fallen back on the bed, clutching their stomachs. Peter and Shuri were holding on to each other and the tablet and they sunk to the ground. Steve was laughing harder than he had in what seemed like, and actually probably was, years. Tony was wiping tears away from his eyes and trying to keep himself upright as he laughed beautifully. He wasn’t doing a very good job, though, and Steve used the hand not stuck to Tony’s to try and steady the genius, but with their mirth was really only succeeding in them leaning into each other heavily while trying not to dissolve into their giggles like the teenagers had.
Resigned to his fate, he stepped up behind Tony and peered over his shoulder at the tablet in Peter’s hands. Tony tensed at having Steve so close behind him, but said nothing. Feeling eyes on him, Steve glanced to his left and saw Shuri, quietly taking a picture of he and Tony’s hands stuck together. She glanced up at him, not the slightest bit ashamed at being caught, and winked, tilting the phone screen to show him. She mouthed,
“That’s it, ‘hmm’ is all you got?” James asked, his eyebrows raised. Tony didn’t move other than to inhale and release a deep breath. The lack of response is enough to annoy him slightly.
She didn’t interrupt even once during his entire rant. After he was finished and silence fell, he waited. It was possible that she was going to continue to ignore him, after all why would she care what Steve wanted? To his relief, she answered, “
The King let out a full laugh now. Tony pretended to be insulted. “Come on, we can work something out. How about she lives here with us every other weekend and holidays?”
Sam leaned over to Steve slightly, keeping his voice low. "I'm sure Stark is really alright, Cap. That kid, too. I've fought that little Spider, and he nearly kicked my ass."
me he would. Then suddenly we are breaking out of the raft and there is no Tony, no Vision, no Natasha, no Rhodey-" His voice broke on the last man's name.
They entered the building and walked through the familiar lobby on the first floor. Things looked basically unchanged, except as Steve surveyed the area, his eyes caught on some shoe scuff marks on the tile floor and a small plastic green army man peeking out from the pot of a planted fern. Spider-Man,
FRIDAY reported. “Got it, dim the lights to 35% FRI.” Tony called. The room suddenly dimmed and Tony reached over to press the button on Steve’s bracelet again. “Remember, don’t make a sound.” He reminded Steve.
Tony turned and deposited Nate into the nearest person’s arms before turning back to Peter and pulling him in for a tight hug. Peter looked slightly shocked for a second before he returned the hug enthusiastically.
"After the release of the video and information on Barnes, Ross will need to do damage control. The only way to salvage the situation will be to have me forgive the murderer of my parents. Ross already thinks I am not using my skills and my brain to keep myself out of trouble, so what's the best way for them to keep me out of trouble? To occupy me. But they need something big, right, something they think I've already begun work on. Que King T'Challa."
The photos made his heart swell with love and with loss. He missed these things. Tony had saved his families lives, but he had also invited them into his own home and then made it their own. He might have felt anger and jealousy, except that there were more pictures. He and Laura dancing together at their very private wedding. The day Cooper was born, Clint holding him with reverence. The day Lila was born, Clint helping Cooper hold his new sister. A fishing trip they had taken as a family, Clint and Cooper holding up a large trout for the camera. Nathaniel asleep on his chest. He and Laura, cuddled together in a blanket on the porch of the farmhouse. Additionally, he noticed all the pictures of the Lang family in the same fashion.
Steve repeated his authorization and the light on the door turned green and unlocked. They both pushed through and Steve was hit with the unexpected picture the room presented. He felt the others enter the room behind him and freeze as well.
Tony’s suit had unexplainably powered down halfway through his tussle with a large assassin in the jungle during a down pouring of rain, forcing him out of the suit, only for him to fall face first into grape jelly. Of course, the comments about Steve’s peanut butter and Tony’s jelly had been endless.
"That's two dollars to the swear jar, Agent Baron." Maggie said, her voice dripping with venom.
Sure enough, FRIDAY alerted him one morning in his workshop that Ross was at the Gate, demanding immediate entry. Lifting his head from the project he was working on he sighed and told FRIDAY to lock down the upper levels that housed the Barton and Lang family before giving her permission to let him in.
The all sat together in silence for a few minutes before Rhodes replied. “Well I can. Your friend was in trouble and you thought you could save him.”
They all began to head to the middle of the floor when Tony's scoff drew their attention and they turned back towards where he was standing with one eyebrow raised.
Steve made coffee and decided to risk attempting to speak to FRIDAY again. He couldn't help but wonder where Tony had disappeared to after his talk with Laura.
She nodded stiffly at him, her eyes sliding back to Steve and Clint before she picked up her blanket from the floor and gathered it in her arms, giving them a last glare before she stalked out of the room.
He turned to the room and, still holding Shuri’s hand he presented her to the room. “For anyone who doesn’t know, this is Princess Shuri of Wakanda, Tech Queen Extraordinaire and light of my fuc-freaking- sorry Laura, life.”
Rhodes sighed and said, “The Howard you knew; he was long gone by the time Tony was born. Tony spent all of his life trying to impress the man.” Steve nodded solemnly and wiped his nose with his sleeve.
“Thank you, Nat. I don’t… I could never put into words everything I feel, but you never seemed to need words anyway. I’m sure that you already know this, but I wanted to say here, in this godforsaken place, that what you did, saved us. It saved everyone. You always wanted to wipe the red out of your ledger,”
“No! No, you know what I mean. Please Tony… please.” Steve felt nearly delirious at this point.
He had spoken to Sam who filled him in on what had happened with Steve while watching the Gala. T'Challa wished more than anything he could tell Sam that it wasn't what it seemed. He nearly blurted it out to Steve when he saw just how broken he had looked. It was killing him, but Tony had been clear on his expectations, no one would know. So, he bit his tongue when a negative word about Stark was spoken or Steve looked especially puppy-like.
“No you don’t know! You don’t know. I blamed you because you created that monster, and that was as far as I wanted to look. I have nightmares too. I showed you that horrible vision, and that led you to create Ultron.
Tony shook his head. “You heard Ross. 10 missions, then I retire. I’ll manage things from here, help out with equipment, training, medical, whatever else. I won’t be an active field member.”
"You drew on your own face?"
“So.” Shuri said, “Who wants to go first? Step forward.”
Tony’s eyes flashed. He was exhausted, but never let it be said that Tony wasn’t ready for a fight whenever it presented itself.
.” He spat.
Tony's voice came over the comms.
Tony's face was absolutely glowing with pride. "Hell yeah he did. He's quite a kid. I'm sort of…mentoring…him? Its fairly new and I'm pretty sure I'm going to screw up royally."
It had been painful, to say the least, but they had gotten to know each other on a much deeper level than he ever thought would have been possible. After they had downed the bottle of vodka and were halfway through a second, they had both been a lot more open. She even told him about what her childhood and training had been like. Neither of them had the life that was picture perfect, though many thought his seemed to be. They had been bent and broken so far and yet both of them had picked themselves up, dusted themselves off, and kept walking with their head held high.
He knew why they were angry and he knew that so much of it was because of lies and miscommunication. They were good people, good individuals, and he knew that if they had all of the information they would not be saying the disgusting vile things that they were.
All the eyes in the room landed on Sam. He stood, his arms crossed across his chest, eyes trained on Tony in intense earnest.
"There it is. Do you know that's the first thing I recognized in you? That stupid look of disappointment. I saw it every single day of my life, every time I looked into the old mans eyes. You'll have to do better than that, Rogers, because you can't touch me with that shit at this level."
Tony took another deep breath as he pressed his free palm to his chest. Finally, he opened his eyes, and raised his chin again, meeting Ross’ gaze and asking, “Are we done here? I need my beauty sleep.”
Tony replied.
"Lang!" James called out. Still silence.
Guys. I love Science Squad. I had so much fun writing this part. I love the idea that Tony thinks Shuri is amazing. It astounds me that some people think he would be jealous or feel intimidated by her. That's ridiculous. Tony would adore her.
After a few minutes, her brain starts to come back on line and she puts all of her strength into heaving herself onto her side and rolling her head. What she sees shocks her more than she could ever possible voice. Stark is standing there, a large long metal rod gripped tightly in his hands as he raises it and brings it down on one of the thugs laying at his feet. With the final blow, the thug stops moving entirely and lays boneless at Stark’s feet. She sees a gun discarded down the alley along with the bodies of more of the thugs, riddled with wounds from said gun as well as wounds she recognizes are caused by his armor weapons. Where Stark had gotten the gun from, she had no idea. She turned her attention back to where Stark was up against the last thug standing, the one that had held her by the throat.
A sob was ripped from Natasha’s chest at that. Bruce pulled her into an embrace and she pushed her face into his chest, but she never let go of Steve’s hand.
As they exited the gym Tony chose the stairs instead of the elevator. As they began to climb Steve took a deep breath and began. “Tony, I’ve been trying to learn more about each member of the team, on and off the field. I’d uh. Well. I suppose that I’m trying to ask…” He faltered. Tony’s steps slowed and he turned his head to throw his words over his shoulder to Steve as they continued up the stairwell. “Spit it out Rogers.” He said shortly.
"Tony, Ross already called me to impress upon me the importance of tonight. I know that you are hurting, I know you are angry, so be careful tonight."
Breathing deeply Steve pushed himself to sprint the last half mile of his early morning run. He reveled in the familiar burn of his lungs as he pushed his body. It seemed like the ghost of a memory now, but he could remember not being able to hardly do anything, for fear it would bring on another bout of asthma. He wondered how often people took for granted the small miracle that it was to be able to simply breathe.
Inside he ached for things to change between them. He wanted the team to be together. They already were doing really well together, in training and out of it. Clint and Natasha were back to talking, maybe not as cozy as before but at least mending things. Sam and Rhodey were getting along well. The team was really starting to build a foundation that was so much more than it had ever been before. Tony wanted it to work, he just didn’t see a way that it could work with him in it.
“Nat, look at me, it’s okay, don’t worry about it.” Her glare softened as she looked up into Tony’s eyes. “He said-”
While Ross was doing his best to tear Tony to shreds downstairs, Maggie and Laura had rushed the younger children off to bed for the night. The rest of them had gathered in the Penthouse and watched the entire episode on the security feed on the large screen mounted on the wall. This feed, though, had audio recording. It was a good thing that Tony’s Compound was state of the art and each room and floor was lined and soundproof, because it hadn’t taken long before Clint and Natasha were both seething, demanding that FRIDAY unlock the doors so they could go teach Ross a lesson he would never forget.
"Does anyone want to explain what kind of shit show that was?" Tony's voice carried down to them. He was leaning over the edge of the railing on the overlook, his unharmed hand clutching the rail so hard it was white.
The next few minutes are a barrage of fists, boots, and the butt ends of guns. One of the largest thugs picks her up from the heap on the ground by her throat and raises her at least three feet off the ground, her legs dangling. Between the voltage and the rest of the damage she has taken, she can barely summon enough strength to claw at his hand.
Okay friends, this chapter has a mild moment of sexual content.
Of course he wasn’t foolish enough to think that things were alright between them, but surely they had changed somehow. He didn’t know what to do around Tony now. What did Tony want him to do? Compared to where they were now, the line from before actually seemed easy to identify. Tony had mostly made it clear what he wanted and expected, when he allowed Steve to be a little bit closer and when it was clear that Steve wasn’t welcome. But now?
Suddenly, moments and memories that were not her own began to flash through her brain, with emotions and sensitivity accompanying them.
Steve had to admit, he was shocked watching Tony fight without the suit. He had obviously been practicing a lot and Steve had a feeling he recognized a lot of the moves as a mix of Natasha, Rhodes, and James, along with some others. Not only was Tony holding his own against James, but he was actually doing well, getting in his fair share of shots.
"I've been keeping up with them, actually, so I know about the other changes you have already made in the past few months. Is it just a coincidence that they are all things that each of us have expressed our doubts over?"
“There…There may be someone left. On Earth. We could use their help.” He says quietly, his voice feels like gravel. She returns with a small sharp nod, saying, “We need to find some way off the planet. A ship of some kind. You need medical attention.” Her hand does not slip from his as she stands, using it to help pull him to his feet after her. He grits his teeth and tried to smother the pained moan that the action pulls from him.
Steve noticed that the calls he participated in were always carefully timed. They never happened with Tony or any of the other Avengers around. He tried and failed to not let that hurt him personally.
If Steve had been in any kind of right mind he would have been mortified at the things she was whispering and his reaction to it. He would have put a stop to it immediately. Unfortunately, his brain was completely offline the moment his gaze landed on Tony. He was everything that Natasha was describing and more.
They barely spoke. They shared the silence, taking turns falling apart and trying to put each other back together in private stolen moments. Steve, carrying a bucket of provisions in a dark hallway when he was suddenly hit with despair so deep he stumbled. He would have fallen too, had Bruce not appeared and steadied him. Okoye and Shuri cling to each other when they have a brief respite from being needed by their country, many times Natasha can be found with them as well, her eyes red.
talk to Laura. Apparently Laura had told him that she was ready to talk about things between them. The kids would not be there, she had stressed that fact, but it was a start and Clint jumped at the chance.
Immediately, Tony was all bright smiles as he walked right up to T’Challa and embraced him tightly as if they had been friends for years, T’Challa returning the embrace just as enthusiastically. That was…odd. When had they been close? Even during the fight at the airport and in Siberia, they had fought together but hadn’t seemed close. Not that Steve had been paying attention to much else than Bucky and his mission. The video calls he had witnessed were cordial, even friendly, but nothing that had given the impression they were at this level of familiar or tender. Watching now though, as Tony and T’Challa barely let each other go enough to pull back and gaze into each others eyes, muttering quiet hellos, he felt cheated somehow. He thought that the King had respect for Tony, but this was quite a bit more than that.
“Gotta get up earlier than that, kid.” Tony goaded.
." James swore next to him.
Tony looked sad as he looked down at Steve. “Do you really think I cared that we didn’t agree on the Accords? Do you think that’s what this is about? It’s not even about Barnes. Its about us, you and I, and the lies and secrets you kept from me. It about me thinking we were friends, hell even-
“How about a run to the store? I could go for some Oreo’s and I’m 98% sure that Clint ate them all last night. Snowflake, wanna come with?” Tony turned and asked James, who nodded enthusiastically.
Ross knew he hit a nerve here and pressed forward without delay. “Oh please, the world knows who you really are, Stark. They’re happy to pretend to ignore it, you being a hero and all, but no one really thinks you’ve changed. Besides, that video of you in the stairwell at your Gala with that UN Member’s brother, and then miraculously you have the last vote you needed for your friend, The King of Wakanda, to push through the vote on Captain Rogers?” Tony’s hand held Steve’s tighter at this revelation. Steve watched Tony shut his eyes and exhale heavily.  Ross continued, “I warned you, Stark, you may be a genius, but you don’t know how to play this game like I do. You can whore your way through the entire senate, it wont make a difference. Remember that tomorrow when you stand in front of those cameras.”
“Ross. It must be Ross.” Scott said, rising from his seat. Sam answered, “The Counsel was reviewing the evidence, I thought T’Challa said they would find him guilty.”
Steve's arm came down from his eyes and he looked at Sam surprised. Sam scoffed and gave Steve his best unimpressed look.
here, Sam."
"Are you really walking out on me, Stark? I don't think I'll recover; how will I go on?" He placed his hand over his heart for added dramatic effect.
Peter, who was standing a little further down the line stepped forward to look at Tony with scandalized betrayal. “Oh, he does, see he just stepped forward!” James exclaimed, pointing at Peter’s feet and joining in with Tony.
He felt his heart flutter and then strain at the thought of the man a few floors above him, hurt, bruised, and bleeding. Just like he had been when Steve had walked away in Siberia.
Tony hasn’t moved, he
Suddenly a thought occurred to Steve. It probably wouldn’t work, there was no reason it should work, but what options did he have? He called out to FRIDAY desperately.
, but I don't have a good enough excuse for it." His admission was met by a roll of thunder. "Bet you wish you'd changed sides at that airport now, huh?"
"You, Stark, are going to stand up and say all the right things; how the man is innocent, how you don't blame him-"
Her eyes caught on a man who was watching Tony's every movement, the same man she had watched hand Tony a drink. He walked to a side stairwell and slid out the door. A few minutes later, she watched Tony head in the direction of that same door. Quickly, she intercepted his movements, stepping into his path before he made it to the door.
He made a small noise in the back of his throat in acknowledgement.
"Is that why you are glued to the television, Mr. Here and Now?"
One of the men at the table began to argue with something that Pepper had said. Pepper’s eyes were alight with an unspoken challenge as she regarded the man with an air of someone who had just stepped on something unsavory in expensive shoes. Tony’s quick wit shut down the argument efficiently and spoke volumes to the rest of the table that any further arguments would be dealt with swiftly in the same manner. No one was foolish enough to make the same mistake. The meeting came to a close and Pepper excused them all from the room to go over the details and put together proposals for she and Tony to look at later. As the occupants filed out of the room she and Tony hovered over the files and spoke together in low tones.
If he had paid more attention that morning he would have noticed Peter wasn’t in bed. It would have taken him seconds to do that check. Another minute to sweep the whole house. They would have been out there looking for Peter. He wouldn’t have fallen into the creek and they wouldn’t be watching him so closely for any signs of complications. No, he wouldn’t go for his run so instead he goes to the kitchen to make coffee. After he grabs a cup, he glances at Peter before heading towards the bedrooms to unpack their suitcases.
“You understand that doesn’t sound very truthful.”
Steve shakes his head, it was all too much. Trying to keep up with new technology. He didn’t know what to think about this DNA testing so easily available to everyone. It was like opening Pandora’s box.
“Maybe they stopped somewhere.”
“Are you coming inside?”
“I’m hoping you came here for more than playtime with my kid, Agent.”
*****
He shoves the dropper in before she can close her mouth. She makes a face as she swallows it and then she’s accepting the next dropper of medicine.
Steve arches an eyebrow at him and smirks. “Does Captain America lie?”
“Daddy doesn’t want to get up.”
After many popsicles and crying the kids were finally in bed. Peter had whined during dinner about his mouth hurting and having to eat soft food. He didn’t think it was fair that Beverly and Tony were eating a different meal from him. It was finally quiet but he couldn’t concentrate on these damn recipes. He picks up his phone and shoots off a message to Pepper asking what time they need to be there for dinner and if he should bring anything.
“You didn’t though. You handled the situation by removing yourself.”
“You two hungry? You want snacks?”
“Don’t start with me. My children turned out fine. Peter is working on his PhD at MIT and Bev will be graduating from Johns Hopkins in a semester. She already has job interviews lined up.”
“I love cool summer mornings like this. The quiet stillness before everyone wakes up. I’ll be missing the city by the end of the week though.”
“Sure is.”
“She’s well. Getting married in a couple months.” Shit! Why did he say that?
“Hey!” Tony yells causing Peter to jump and look over at him surprised. He crumples against Steve and hides his face against his chest. Steve rubs Peter’s back and looks at Tony worried.
Tony kisses him. “Feels good, doesn’t it?” he asks as he moves his hand up and down the length.
“Can I sit here?” She asks as she sits next to him.
“I don’t remember any. Feels like I didn’t sleep.”
“Sam, why?”
“Good for her. Pepper’s a great woman. She deserves a good man.”
“No really. I hate that phrase. And now I’m thinking about Mr. Delmar’s cat. Murph. Someone could make a scarf out of that.”
“Dad! Stop! You smell.”
Steve wipes some mashed potatoes off of Peter’s cheek. He was always a messy eater. He and Tony were baffled how he always managed to get food in his hair. “Since you’re in the middle of dinner I’m going to let you go inside and finish. But don’t think for a minute this is acceptable or that you’re not going to get in trouble. You lied to those people.”
This story is part of the
Tony shakes his head at Steve and thinks that he likes the sound of that. My Tony.
“Beverly Rose,”  he reads aloud. He reads over the birthdate. “This was a little after Tony and I got together. Is she mine as in the woman I was dating before? I mean is she Julia’s kid? Julia was pregnant when we broke up?”
Peter stands up and waits for the two other children to set everything up before sitting down again.
“No Peter we’re not. We’re staying here.”
“So. You’re saying if Peter came to you and said I hurt him you would just brush it off? Because that sounds like some Howard-level parenting.”
“Steve, you should talk to Tony and make sure you’re in a safe space when you view them. You don’t want to get stuck in the negative.”
“That’s not true. Dogs love everyone.”
“I’m fourteen and it’s not a school night.”
Tony steps forward, his eyes never leaving Steve’s. In all honesty, it was freaking him out. Tony was supposed to be dead and not looking at him like he wanted to eat his brain.
It was a strong contrast to when Peter came to their house. Peter was inconsolable most nights and they struggled with bedtimes. He was a frightful, cautious child who was continually uncomfortable living in a stranger’s house. All the problems had seemed endless and daunting. It was sometimes unbelieve to Steve how Peter seemed to adjust to normal childhood. He knew it was the cause of Peter being afraid when either of his parents left on a mission.
The silence lasts about five minutes before Peter whispers, “zombie Jesus,” and Beverly starts laughing.
Peter laughs and rolls his eyes at Tony. “Someday I’ll be changing yours.”
“I don’t know. I couldn’t feel it.”
“I’m fine. I’m fine,” Tony says as he tries to pull out of Steve’s arms.
“Sorry. I’m really sorry,” Steve tries to explain. “Imagining a little baby Spider-Man.”
“Can it wait? I’ve had a long day,” Steve says glancing back at the young man.
Tony observes his husband setting his daughter down in a chair, leaning over and giving her options of drinks to have with dinner. She’s asking for chocolate milk and Steve is lying to her like they do so many times with Peter. There’s none left, only plain milk at the moment. Tony starts to eat as Steve is begins doling out drinks. Steve sits across from him and just stares for what seems like a full minute before eating.
“I didn’t even get to do the crossword,” Steve grumbles as he cleans up the mess. Once he’s finished he sits on the couch and pulls up the newspaper on his StarkPad. He’s quietly enjoying himself almost as if he’s having some alone time away from his children and husband.
“That was my little boy growing up. Of course I cried. It was harder when he started first grade and went all day.”
Steve has his bag on the table and is going through his checklist. Tony is pulling on a shirt before heading out of the bedroom.
He makes the kids clean up the room and he goes to his room to change out of his three piece suit into something comfortable and casual. The weather was cooling off as it was late November. The kids were off for Thanksgiving break. After changing into sweatpants and a band t-shirt Tony walks down the hallway to check for more messes.
Tony kisses him and Steve tastes whiskey on him then and he wonders why he didn’t smell it earlier. The salt air was overwhelming his senses perhaps.
Peter looks up at the woman before running over to her. There was something about the energy she gave off, it felt safe and warm in her presence. She kneels before him and looks him over, pushing his hair from his forehead. “You poor thing. She’s hurt you. You’re just a babe,” she says ignoring the creature’s comments.
“Come on Pete, get off me a minute,” Steve says as he pulls Beverly fully to his chest.
Ben is hauling their suitcase up onto the bed and hurriedly packing their things into it.
She pulls him over to the toys and forces him to sit down. As soon as she lets go Peter immediately tries to stand up. She grabs him and pulls him down to the floor so hard that he becomes dizzy.
“Do you live in D.C?”
“Tony just be normal. For an afternoon, please?”
Steve picks him up and sets him on the floor. “I told you to leave Daddy alone.”
“I’ll suit up and put out a call for the Avengers to assemble. He has to be out there Tony.”
Peter hears loud footsteps coming down the stairs and he turns slowly to see Steve. “Tony! He’s down here!”
Steve reels over with laughter, not being able to contain himself.
“Peter, don’t make me repeat myself.”
“I’m sorry. A lot of time has passed. People move on,” Peter says softly.
“I love me, too,” Tony teases as he squeezes Steve in his arms.
“Get up,” a voice says coldly. It’s no longer a voice that Peter recognizes. He looks up and doesn’t understand what is standing before him. It has a ghost white face with black lips and eyes darkened with kohl like a raccoon. An almost translucent dress hangs like a sheath on its body. The hair is long and grey and messy. Upon its head is a crown, made suspiciously out of bones. He hoped it wasn’t human bones but it reminded him of a spine. The wind is knocked from him as the creature starts to kick him.
“Tony!”
“He’s fine. In the backseat,” Steve says through gritted teeth.
“She missed you too!” Peter answers.
“Why didn’t you invite the group to our place?”
Steve starts to have a change of heart, he wasn’t angry with Tony just wanted to be firm so he didn’t misinterpret. He wasn’t going to allow Tony to pull him back in like that. He knew how it would end, Tony back with Pepper and Steve alone with his feelings. Much better to just nip it in the bud.
“MJ is already in bed. We both have an early morning. She says Hi. Make yourself at home.”
“Just because I’m holding your kid doesn’t mean I’m signing anything.”
Steve decides he has some time to paint before they head out. He goes in the sunroom ready to set up his supplies. He finds one of his favorite paint brushes covered in paint and the cap off of one of the tubes. He puzzles over it knowing he had cleaned it up yesterday. His eyes are drawn to the canvas where a stick figure family is done crudely in black paint. He feels the anger rising in his chest as he tries to make sense of it. Tony walks in the room and lets out a chuckle as he sees it. “Exploring a new style? It looks crude Babe.”
*****
Steve laughs and squeezes one of Peter’s knees. “Stop that.”
It was hard to keep up sometimes, their little minds moved so quickly. Peter was already onto something else.
Tony comes home to find Steve fast asleep on the couch and a mess in the kitchen most likely left by their children. The step stool is in front of the fridge, the cabinet above it wide open. The milk is sitting on the table with some of it spilled on the surface. He cleans up after the children and walks into the living-room to observe the mess. The two have taken out every single toy they own. No wonder Steve fell asleep in the middle of the day, two children had tripled the amount of work. Tony was dreading checking the state of the rest of the house.
“So I got an email from the dance moms and Nancy mentioned party deets. I’ve been searching The Google all day for deets and I don’t get it. I’m very confused by the word.”
Peter sits heavily on the couch, he flings his mask onto the table. He puts his feet up onto the coffee table.
Peter looks between his parents feeling nervous. “No, she’s going to hate me.”
Tony grabs his arm before he can run up the stairs. Peter looks up at him pleadingly, tears in his eyes.
“Papa?”
Tony notices the look on his face as he steps back. “I only had a glass. Peter was crying the whole flight. And then the car ride here. And then once we got inside.”
“We have a little girl too. Why isn’t she here? And Pepper. How is Pepper doing?”
“What?” Steve says when Tony doesn’t continue his sentence.
“Please, come in from the rain.” Jerry declines Steve’s offer handling over the items.
A long silence passes, the ticking of the clock feels unnaturally loud, driving at Tony’s already piercing headache.
“I appreciate it, Happy. Any idea when Tony will be home?”
Peter smiles guiltily and wraps his arms around Steve’s waist. Steve cards his fingers through Peter’s soft brown curls. “Dad and I are going to watch some tv. Are you going to join us?”
Tears are rolling down Peter’s face mixing with the blood in the white towel. He whines and tries to push Tony’s hand away.
“Can I have candy?”
“What the fuck? What the fuck? What the FUCK? He could have been kidnapped! Anything could have happened? What the fuck were you thinking?”
“Headache.”
He sets his heavy laundry bag down in the middle of the room. “Steve?”
Steve pats him on the back. “Now go back to bed. No reason to be up in the middle of the night.”
Note: If you don’t want a reply, for any reason (sometimes I feel shy when I’m reading and not up to starting a conversation, for example), feel free to sign your comment with “whisper” and I will appreciate it but not respond!
Tony is already heading into the room with a pink sippy cup full of milk. She takes it reluctantly giving a look like she thinks he might be dumb.
Peter is looking at Tony wide-eyed, only seeing angry in the other man’s eyes. Tony really looked like he wanted to hit him.
“My play? What do you mean by that?”
“I’m not drinking. It’s the pills.”
“Why?”
Tony tunes Steve out as he slides the tray of food over. He scoops some vegetables on a fork and offers it to Peter. The child takes it reluctantly and slowly chews the food.  A few minutes pass as he sleepily eats his food.
“Well. Bev. What’s wrong with you this time? It’s always something.”
“Now Peter. I said get up now. Do you want a spanking?”
“They’re underwear,” Steve corrects laughing as he pushes her hand away. She runs out of the room.
Feedback
“Who are you sitting up late texting?”
His skin is blue tinged and he’s shivering. He isn’t breathing that clearly so Sam moves him onto his side. Peter continues to throw up water. Tony reaches out and grabs his son’s hand.
Steve walks with him over to the couch. “We’ll watch a movie and forget about the storm.”
Steve sits forward in his chair and grabs his coffee from the table, taking a sip. “Yeah, not fully awake yet.”
“I take it that’s your boy in our yard?”
This was hard to write but it's done and I hope you enjoy it.
*****
“I’m sorry. I don’t know why I yelled like that. I don’t want to fight. I can’t deal with this. From the second I realized he was missing I’ve had this heaviness in my stomach. I can’t relax.”
“Nothing yet.”
“Your brother is right. It’s very dangerous. I want you two to stay away from this area.”
Steve storms out of the room and paces around. Nothing can clear his mind and he just wants Tony to come home. If only to share the misery with him. He was an awful father, all he had ever done is fail to protect his children. What’s the point of this body and all the super strength if he just fails. He didn’t deserve them or this life.
, which was created to improve communication between readers and authors. This author invites and appreciates feedback, including:
“I could—” Tony begins about to suggest slipping a few hundreds to the tour guide to let them get to the front of the line.
Peter runs up to them, Bailey trailing behind him. He’s giggling and it seems to cheer up the somber mood. “Bailey knocked me over for the ball. It was funny. Then she was licking my face.”
Beverly is standing up again playing with Tony’s messy morning hair. He seamlessly pulls her onto his lap and holds her still for a second.
“I think I had a lab somewhere?”
Peter’s interested for a bit before he’s asking Steve to open his gift.
“You can start by apologizing to your Papa.”
Steve holds out his arms and pulls Peter into his lap as he gets closer. He wraps his arms around him. “I’m really sorry for kicking you Papa. I was scared.”
“That’s not what I’m saying,” Steve tries to clarify.
“Going into someone’s yard like that. You don’t know them. What if the dog wasn’t good with kids and you got bit?”
“It’s nice but I want to go to the top of the lighthouse.”
“I’m not your rebound for when Pepper hurts your feelings!” Steve’s words cut like ice through his heart.
Tony is smiling really big at Steve, just drinking him in. Steve wasn’t used to Tony looking at him like that. He lets out a gasp as Tony’s arms wrapped tightly around him.
“But I didn’t know the rules.”
Peter sighs and trudges off towards the bedrooms. “Try to stay on the couch. Don’t want you falling, old-man.”
“Oh god and there’s something else,” Steve starts to say. “Peter did this weird thing at dinner. He was just staring at nothing. He wouldn’t respond to either of us just staring at the wall. Then he just snapped out of it.”
“Tony,” Steve chastises as he starts piling up dirty plates into the sink.
“That’s not fair. He was my Daddy first! You’re taking him away,” Peter cries before trying to fight his way back up.
“Do you feel sick? Like you’re going to throw up?”
“Ready for your bath, little girl?”
He knew he was being over protective but even Peter leaving the bed for the bathroom made him nervous. It would take time to rebuild that trust. He didn’t like Peter leaving his side and he knew eventually the time would come when he would have to. He and Tony would return to work and Peter would go back to daycare.
Beverly is throwing the cards all over the place as Peter tries to pick them up. He rushes over to them Before he can even make it to them she’s running towards the water. He shouts at her and she stops turning back towards him. She walks back over to the area and Steve scolds her telling her to help Peter clean up. In a matter of minutes, everything is packed back up and they are heading towards the house. He ends up having to carry Beverly as she starts to complain about how difficult the sand is to walk through. He’s expecting Peter to put up a fuss but he just holds Steve’s hand keeps looking down at the sandy beach.
A few minutes later, Peter returns from the bathroom and stands in front of Tony staring into his face. Standing so close that Tony can feel his breath against his nose. Tony opens his eyes.
Peter sits on the ground and starts to cry. “I don't want to! I didn't do it!”
Hey y'all. Not a new chapter just an update. I've posted the next story in this series. Please go check it out.
Peter gets used to having a little sister but doesn't like it. Steve and Tony deal with the challenges of having two kids. Steve gets called on a mission and Tony has to take care of things on his own.
Tony sets his tools down and walks over to the them. Peter stands up on the couch and pulls up Tony’s shirt exposing the arc reactor. Steve sits up straighter and teases his fingers over Tony’s stomach. “I feel better already,” Steve says as he flirts with him before leaning in and kissing his stomach. Tony laughs and pushes his face away.
“Apologize now!” Tony says sternly.
“Popsicle flavor?”
“Maybe give Peter some space?”
“He looks okay. He seems okay,” he whispers to no-one in particular and it’s more like he’s reassuring himself. Tears are forming in Steve’s eyes and he’s struggling to hold it together. “Don’t you do that again,” he says his voice sounding rough and unsteady. “You scared us. You can’t do that.”
Steve sets his sketchbook on the table unceremoniously and the pencil rolls off and across the table. The blond man lets out a heavy sigh.
“No!” Peter howls. “No more hospitals!”
Steve can feel the frustration mounting and his mind is swirling with thoughts. He couldn’t get Tony’s face out of his head. The look he gave him when he confronted him about Peter that morning. Stuck in this tiny house as torrents of rain fall from the skies, he couldn’t get away from them. He couldn’t finish the conversation with Tony because there was no-one to watch Peter. They were supposed to talk during his nap but neither one brought it up. The power had came back on so Tony buried himself in work, putting on his headphones. Shutting Steve out seemed to be one of Tony’s favorite pastimes.
“Tony, I’m sitting here with you now asking your opinion,” Steve says as he leans forward and wrings out his hands.“Her name’s Beverly Rose. Born September 30th, 2003. She’s a really sweat kid. She’s polite. I’ve spent a lot of time with her. She’d fit in with our family.”
“Plain ol’ vanilla for Captain Boring,” Tony comments.
Tony wanted to bring Steve with him because they needed to talk. He couldn’t get the things Peter had said about Steve out of his head. Papa is going to hurt me bad.
“Not right now. I’m still talking. Now I don’t remember what I was saying.”
It’s Wednesday evening and Tony is seriously starting to consider Pepper’s offer to join her at her mother’s for the holiday. Instead of being in the workshop and upgrading his armour, he had various cookbooks open to pages his husband had carefully marked. For everything he was good at, the skill of cooking just eluded him. He had the turkey thawing in the sink and hadn’t realize that would prevent him from using it. Maybe he should put it in the tub but that would only end up scaring the children. He considered if he had taken it out of the fridge too early. Steve had removed it from the freezer at the beginning of the week.
Tony grabs his watch from the side table and glances at it before throwing it back down. 7:30am.
Tony walks over to the floor to ceiling windows and looks out across the city. Was he trying to find Steve out there Peter wonders.
“Again. Thanks for inviting us. I really appreciate it.”
“I know Steve’s upset about it but I’m kinda glad you’re my biological father. We share that now.”
Steve sighs heavily. “What was she doing during that time? Letting Hydra experiment on the kid?”
“I know Pete. But you don’t want Daddy to be stuck all alone, do you? So we’re going to stay home with him. I have my painting I’m going to work on.”
“He smells like a pine tree.”
“What now? You don’t believe me…so what next? I leave? Go back to the Penthouse pack up my things and leave?”
Steve places the platter of roast carrots on the table and steps back observing that everything is in its place. “Is Peter home yet?”
Steve leans down and kisses him. “I’ll start breakfast soon. I’m going to wake up Peter.”
Steve feels more worn out than he did after his run. He managed to bathe both children, stop them from fighting and prevent them from slipping and falling.  They were dressed for the day and gathered around the table eating cereal. Beverly is standing up on her knees in the chair eating her food. Steve had given up telling her to sit properly. He wanted to eat and read the paper. Peter was complaining about how he wasn’t allowed to sit at the table like that. Steve scolds him when he tries it so he stops after that. Tony is either pretending to be asleep or he’s sneaked past them and is in his workshop.
“I’m just worried. Where is this ghost stuff coming from?”
They both start chanting waterfall and Steve acquiesced. They run under it giggling and shouting each time the spray hits them. “Stop running,” Steve scolds as he tries to wrangle both of them.
“Boo boo Bunny and then bed,” Tony counters because Bruce was dating someone who made cutesy crafts for the kids. It was nice actually because it distracted Peter when he was hurt. It was a washcloth folded and sewn into a shape of a bunny that was moistened and left in the freezer. Easier than dealing with a plastic bag filled with ice since both children liked taking the ice out and letting it melt on furniture.
A few hours later, May and Ben along with Peter are returning from town. Disrupting the quiet peacefulness of the house as they come inside. “We gave him sugar. I’m sorry. Didn’t think it through. You load them up with sugar and then drop them back at home—” Ben explains as they walk in the door.
“Peter, what are you doing?”
“Daddy?” he asks looking up at Tony.
“Papa,” he calls over and over again as he comes into the room. Tony opens his eyes as Peter nears the bed. He worries his son is sleepwalking. He lifts up the blankets, scooting over and coaxing Peter into bed. He pulls him to his chest and kisses his forehead. “Papa isn’t home baby. You know that. Daddy’s here. Shh…don’t cry.”
“Hey Peter, what’s going on?” Maggie asked, leaning against the counter and watching the kid with a fond look.
“It was before, I swear! I showed him his worst fear.” She sobbed, shaking her head. “I didn’t know, I didn’t!”
“Most people don’t realize that what the suit is hiding is even better. Lucky us, we’ve seen it. Tony has that lean powerful kind of body. Not the bulk, but the sinewy muscle that you know comes with long endurance.”
They wander the terrain together, his arm slung around her shoulders and her arm winding around his waist to help support him. His breath his heavy and short, he is sweating heavily, and his face contorting into a wince with each step. Finally, they come to The Milano, still in working order despite the fight. Nebula helps to guide him up the ramp and into the empty ship, where she lowers him on to a table. Only now does he notice the way she is carefully avoiding using her left hand. It’s part robotic and part soft flesh. He wonders if he could fix it for her. Yes, he probably could, if he lives that long.
T'Challa turned and slowly crept away and back up the stairs. He had heard enough. He was almost at the top when he nearly ran into Sam's chest. He stepped back abruptly and looked up into the mans face as he stared down at the King on the step below.
Cooper refused to meet Clint’s eyes as he stormed past, dragging Cassie and Peter with him. Lila hesitated momentarily, though, peering at her father. Tony stood with her, he didn’t try to push her or rush her, simply waiting for the small girl to make her own choice. As she stood uncertain, Tony leaned over and said, “Why don’t you tell your daddy goodnight, honey?”
“Hi Sugarplum, what trouble are you guys up to?” Scott asked, holding his daughter tightly.
Tony’s face turned stony. He leaned forward into the microphones. “Let me make this very clear; I happen to know a good many people who have witnessed, first hand, the atrocities and human crimes that were committed last time someone asked a question like that.” His face was hard as he stared down the reporter. “There will not be any registration.” With that he ended the press conference and stepped down, heading for his car where Happy was waiting with the door. Once inside, Tony noticed Nat already in the car waiting for him. She greeted him happily with a smile and a hug, wearing his mothers necklace. “Oh Tony, you did wonderful, I’m so proud of you!”
“All eyes watch as one of the most powerful men in the
Behind them, James made a noise that sounded like a broken sprinkler to Natasha from his corner of the room. Her head snapped in his direction as he beckoned her over. They whispered for a second before she broke out in an honest to god giggle and nodded in agreement with him. James stood and stole a few crayons and a paper from the coffee table the kids had been at and brought them back to he and Natasha’s corner. They both picked up crayons and bent over the paper trying to stifle their laughter. Steve watched them suspiciously until he and Sam could no longer take it and they peered over their hunched shoulders. They had made a very festive and colorful sign that read:
He knelt down by the chair Tony was sitting on and called his name softly. “Tony?” The man turned his tired eyes on Steve. For a split second, Steve thought about insisting that Tony get some rest, but he remembered the scene James had insisted he witness in the kitchen with Tony and T’Challa. ‘
, it was a little making out, that’s it.”
Tony found no response, so he shook his head once.
Steve froze and looked helplessly at Tony’s back and Peter’s grin over the genius’ shoulder.
Tony's eyes flashed suspiciously at him for a moment as he still gripped his wrist tightly. "Safe? Where the fuck is Rogers?"
Ross’ eyes flashed dangerously before he turned around to look at the surroundings. “Where is Barnes?” He barked. Tony leaned forward and grabbed the scotch bottle, taking another swig. “Don’t know, don’t care.” He shrugged.
"Anyways, they live upstairs in the penthouse with me. Peter visits a lot."
Stepping out of the shower he toweled off and dressed in grey lounge pants and a soft white t-shirt. He emerged from his room a few minutes later and headed down the hall to the kitchen for breakfast. He stopped at the end of the hall when his hearing picked up the low hum of Tony's voice.
Tony's lips quirked up the slightest bit at the message. "Did he? Well. Since you are acting as a carrier pigeon, you can tell him that I appreciate it, as does Rhodey. And… tell him the same from me, huh?"
Steve returned the stones to their timelines. It wasn’t difficult to do, not nearly as difficult as rounding them up had been.
He smiled, a grimacing horrible smile as he looked down to his feet and continued, "I knew it wasn't what she wanted and not what she would have done, but damn it, her whole life she never was able to stand up for herself, so as God was my witness I was going to do it for her. I was going to hate him with everything I had."
Sam jumped at the voice, hitting his head on the top of the cabinet. “Ow, dammit!”
Once in a while Natasha would come down and Bucky would watch her play games on one of Tony's many computers. She had even begun teaching him to play with her, though she took no pity on him and gave him no mercy, killing his characters constantly.
“This is the shit that saved you?” Scott asked incredulously.
Steve felt his face flush as he looked down at his shoes, suddenly very interested in the polished floor underneath his feet.
She approached him where he laid on the floor and offered him her hand. As she pulled him to his feet he dusted himself off before returning the hug she enveloped him in.
Clint's wary gaze turned to his daughter and he slowly sunk down onto one knee. "Hi, baby."
Pepper stepped in, asking, "Why would anyone want the Winter Solider back, Tony? The public sees him as a murderer, he
T'Challa hesitated before pushing onward, reciting the agreed upon arrangements. "Your guardianship has been assigned by the UN already. You will be housed together and under the same roof you will receive the medical treatment. You will not be allowed outside of the housing unless your guardian, or an approved temporary substitute, is present at all times. Your communication will be limited under the provisions set by your guardian. Your guardian has agreed to take upon themselves all responsibility for your actions. If you should lash out in anyway and hurt anyone, your guardian will be the one to take the fall for and with you, do you understand this?"
"Yeah," Tony answered, "
Tony sighed. “What do you need a run down of their location? Some things never change.” Steve felt uneasy at the smile that Ross was now wearing. “Except this time, you can actually tell me where they are.” Tony didn’t rise to the bait though, and responded, “Well that’s because this time, they’ve signed legal documents of their own free will, that afford you that luxury. Lucky you.”
The first few days with BARF seemed to make a little progress. Barnes didn't completely trust Stark or the equipment, but neither of them had much of a choice.
She looks unhappy to be reliving the events, but started anyways. “After I escaped my captivity from Thanos, I told the others to meet me on Titan. They had tried to stop Thanos on Knowhere, but they arrived too late. Once on Titan, they ran into three men from Terra; a boy, a man in an iron suit, and a wizard. They fought until they found we were allies in our cause to kill Thanos. The young one called them ‘Avengers’.”
Bucky dove behind a car as Steve crouched behind his shield and called to Peter, "Spider-Man get down on the ground!"
Steve’s throat still felt impossibly tight, but he willed himself to find his voice and quietly replied, “I don’t, Peter, I really don’t. But I’m trying. I’ll keep trying until the day that I die.”
He turned next to Peter. "Spider-Man, when you are given an order by your Team Leader you need to obey. The Captain could see clearly from his location that you were in danger and you wouldn't reach those civilians. You have to listen to others."
“What the hell just happened?” Clint breathed.
T’Challa covered the receiver of his phone and said, “Captain, you are not approved for active duty. Let me sort this out, please, and I will tell you when those of us who are allowed can go.”
James nodded as he watched Tony walk away. He was really proud of this move that Tony was making towards being friends with Sam. He knew that Tony didn’t harbor any negative feelings towards the man, but Sam hadn’t been so sure. Sam had tried to keep his distance, while still being friendly, so as to make sure Tony didn’t feel crowded or demanded of. James also knew that Sam was playing interference between Tony and Wanda.
Suspiciously, he approached the camera that he noticed had turned to zero in on him, the camera lens adjusting to zoom in.
"The public is going to get to know James Buchannan Barnes and the torture he went through to become the assassin who took out Howard and Maria Stark. Many news outlets are already working on turning up information on his life, and we can no longer stop them. So, we have no choice but to give it to them. The best way to spin this is to expose Hyrda's actions. The world is finally going to get to see The Winter Soldier up close and personal. There will be public outcry in a matter of hours."
Moving further into the room he tried to avoid stepping on lego pieces as he looked at the many items hanging on the walls; pictures, posters, framed antiques, etc. A large poster of Iron Man,
“None of you should be allowed in here! What the fuck FRIDAY? Shut down, now!” He bellowed.
As he headed for the gym doors he heard Rogers’ footsteps following him. He wanted nothing more than to switch their positions so that his back wasn’t to the man, but he wasn’t going to give the paranoid voice in his head the satisfaction. If he was going to get through the 10 missions with him, he was going to have to be able to turn his back to the other man. Tony had been avoiding Captain Perfect ever since the events in the kitchen that night.
"Likewise, King T'Challa." Vision replied.
By the time Sam had reached the stairs to the basement Steve had already make it down the winding staircase and into the basement below.
Sam smiled at the mention of the princess as well, he had heard the story and laughed with the rest of them, much to the unamused glare of the King himself.
All of the eyes in the room moved between the King and Tony. Tony gave the King a small sad smile.
"Tony, I can't even look at him. It breaks my heart."
He lifted his gaze back to Tony, but the man had already turned towards Wanda and outstretched his hand to her, holding a pair of gloves. She eyed him warily, but took the offered gloves. Sliding them on, she looked at them in awe. They were black fingerless gloves, but upon closer inspection the black weave of the gloves looked almost purple when the light hit it just right. She gazed at them before looking back at Tony, who offered no explanation.
The others all agreed, Clint joking, "Anyone else think I could pull off something like that?"
When he had tried to communicate to the older man why he did what he did, how if he didn’t do anything, the bad things happened because of him, he had seen the understanding in Tony’s eyes. He had also seen the sadness and regret. Mr. Stark knew exactly what he meant and not only had he understood, he had extended his own help and resources. Peter watched the news and knew what a lot of people said about Mr. Stark, but in all of the time he had spent with him, he never saw what the news reported on him being. Tony let him see beneath the armor, and if Tony didn’t let him see, well, he wasn’t a dumb kid, he saw a lot anyways. He knew how hard Tony had fought to come out above what May had called his “inner demons”. Tony had become his family, and Peter didn’t have a lot of that left anymore.
? That was one of the last mistakes I made before that plane went down in the ocean. I failed, and I knew it.”
Unfortunately, things don’t go as smoothly as they’d hoped because, at this point, why the hell would it? Tony, who is sure the universe is out to get him personally at this point, has paired up with someone who, although he knows next to nothing about her, he knows she hasn’t had an easy ride either. Together, they probably bring all the bad luck left in the universe on themselves.
Steve stood with his back to her, head hanging, and continued walking without answering.
Wanda couldn't help the small smile as Peter gushed about how cool her new gloves were.
He fumbled, "I…well, I-"
T'Challa surprise showed on his face only momentarily before he nodded and asked boldly, "Alright Mr. Stark. Last time you were in a room with James Barnes, you nearly killed each other. As far as the public knows, you hunted the man down because he was a threat."
“And he will! This is not a summary execution; the Counsel has to investigate!” T’Challa exclaimed.
Wanda scoffed, "She has finally realized that perhaps she can do better, I suppose."
The computer showed the connection ended and T'Challa turned around to face Steve who had sunk down into a chair.
“And I heard you the first time, Stardust.” He replied, a small smile tugging at the corners of his lips.
well.”
"Oh my, look at him, he looks positively dashing, doesn't he?" Ramonda remarked proudly.
That seemed to kick the rest of them into gear, Scott being the next to do the same before standing and handing the packet back to the King. "I'm going to pack. I've got to buy a few things for Cassie before we go. When can we go?"
Came her smooth response. He quirked an eyebrow and said, “I’m Captain, now?”
“Blush is a good color on you, Steven.” He couldn’t help the full body shiver at the use of his full name tumbling from Tony’s sinful lips.
Tony did his best to give Ross an unimpressed look, but immediately narrowed his eyes at the next words Ross threw at him.
Steve shook his head in disbelief. "You died so you could have revenge? How does that help us or those who died Scott? We lost you!"
"James?" Tony's voice was cracked and dry.
So this was it. Here was the test of Tony's acting skills.
At his side, Natasha let out another noise that was half sob, half Tony’s name. Bruce had the beginnings of a tearful smile. Thor was beaming, though his eyes tracked Tony and Nebula’s movement and injuries with concern. Rhodes had actually buckled at the sight of his best friend and Wong had moved swiftly to catch him. “Tony!” He called desperately as Tony and Nebula reached the end of the ramp.
“Stephen would never have given up the Time Stone without a fight, and he certainly never would have given it up while there was still breath in his lungs.” Wong said, his face drawn and his eyes glistening with unshed tears for his friend.
Standing on the landing pad with his bag slung over his shoulder Steve gave a last, slightly awkward due to his one arm being occupied, hug to his best friend, feeling a sense of déjà vu remembering Bucky leaving for the war so many years ago.
“Your planet is beautiful.” Nebula says as Earth grows larger and larger through their windows.
Laura offered him her hand and said "Hello Your Highness, you look very nice. Did you enjoy the Gala?"
working with your Royal friend to bring those assholes home, just like I thought.” He barked out a laugh at that. “You actually put yourself on the line, lied, paid people off, whored yourself around, and drank yourself nearly into oblivion, for them? Oh Stark, you are broken. They spent your money, lived in your home, killed your parents, lied to you, betrayed you, left you for dead! And yet here you are, their protector and savior after all.”
So here they are, Tony on the phone with T'Challa. He can hear the Kings smug smile from half a world away and nearly wishes he could smack it off of him.
Tony swallowed thickly before shaking his head sadly and shrugging. “I’m sorry. It’s… it’s complicated.”
"Pathetic, out of control, immature? Good, then I deserve the fucking Oscar for Best Actor tonight, don't I?!" Tony shouted to the group.
“Peter. Peter wasn’t my son, exactly. But I loved him like he was. I wish I’d shown him that a bit more. He wasn’t supposed to be there, he snuck on board the ship. I wouldn’t have risked him like that.”
"Anyways, after I started cleaning up I realized that they would be safer and happier here. They've… well they've been something like my family ever since. I adore those little gremlins. Maggie and Laura are saints, I don't know how Clint or Scott were ever able to stand next to those women." He quirked a wry smile at Bucky.
Steve stood still staring at him, eyebrows raised, when Scott cleared his throat. "I'm actually starving. I think it's been at least an hour since I ate my last packet of fruit snacks."
After that Steve barely heard or saw anything. He doubled over, holding his stomach as the violence erupted around him. He heard himself beat Tony, he heard every time Tony hit him. He felt dizzy.
Steve swallowed thickly and tried to ignore it. “Listening is a big part of communication. I…I wish I had been better at listening before now.” He glanced downward as he said the last bit, not feeling like he could look in Tony’s gorgeous brown eyes as he said it.
“What is wrong with you!?” Steve hissed, looking around and down to make sure they were alone in the stairwell.
This chapter is a little bit shorter, but I'll make up for it in the next chapters. Coming soon, some Bucky and Tony friendship!
“Tony couldn’t convince them to do that, could he?” Clint scoffed into his bowl of cereal.
He said with emphasis and a meaningful look, “We talked about! You know, that Shuri and I have been
"Hostage situation in the building two blocks over has gone south." Clint reported.
He smiled knowingly at her as she rubbed the pain in her wrist he had evidently spotted.
The sleek QuinJet landed on the runway, taking Steve's breath away. Was Tony inside? The thought that Tony may be only a few moments away was both thrilling and terrifying to him. How would Tony react?
"Looking for someone in particular, handsome?"
“We can’t stay here.” The blue alien woman says into the silence. He doesn’t answer, continuing to stare at the dirt beneath him with glassy eyes. “You are from Terra?” Again, he can’t find his voice to answer. He hears her sigh next to him, but she doesn’t say more for what seems like an eternity.
“I was beginning to think you had forgotten me, Kitty Cat.” He said with a huge grin. “Tonight?” Yes, of course it’s alright, you know my home is your home. One condition, though, you bring that bright beautiful tech princess.” He paused for a moment to listen to the caller’s answer. “Of course I like her more than I like you. She and I were meant to be besties.” Another pause. “Don’t be such a sour-puss. I still love you, I just like her much better. Can you blame me?”
They all suddenly burst into the kitchen and find Natasha trying to work the knots in Tony’s back out with a massage.
He wished more than anything that the others would be here. He wished Tony would come waltzing through the door any moment with that smirk on his face as he made a witty joke. Steve always rolled his eyes at him when he did those things, but truthfully he loved every moment. He loved the self assured smug way that Tony carried himself. The way that everyone he spoke to was on equal terms. Tony didn't mince words, he would say the same thing to a politician that he would say to anyone else, and he wouldn't regret it later. He didn't shy away from a fight, no matter who it was with. And his smile, the genuine smile, not the fake one that he flashed for cameras, that smile was beautiful and it was everything Steve lived for.
Steve felt the hot tear trace its way down his cheek. Thor spoke, “How did Thanos gain the Time Stone?”
, he had said.
The clean up continued in Wakanda, were they all stayed. No one felt the need to go anywhere, even if they wanted to. Where would they go? Half the world was gone. Half the world they fought and lost for. No one could smile, no one could do much of anything. They ate halfheartedly and hardly slept.
Bruce gave a quick nod, his eyes giving off a green hue for a moment before Natasha slid her hand into his. Just as quickly as it had come, the green was gone with a blink and a deep breath.
Tony laughed at Thor as he continued to eye Steve with intrigue. “Pepper is like a shark; she can smell blood in the water.”
Flying over a large city, it was fairly obvious that things weren’t in very good condition. Tony remarked that no one reacting as they entered the atmosphere and nothing since was not a good sign. They landed on a large platform near an odd building with large grounds. The Avengers Compound, Tony had called it with a shake of his head.
Tony laughed at that, glad that he had shared his plan with Happy beforehand.
It was just after Tony’s warm up simulation had finished that FRIDAY alerted them to an emergency situation in Chicago. The terrorist cell that Tony and Peter had tried to check on the day the others had arrived in the compound had been exposed and the Avengers were needed on the scene.
Natasha spent almost ten minutes dodging fireballs that fell from the sky before she fell into a pit of stuffed animals. Steve had tried valiantly to stay standing as he fought hand to hand with a terrorist cell while ankle deep in peanut butter. Rhodes was left stranded on top of the Empire State Building after a very large genetically engineered gorilla managed to disable his suit. Clint fought his way through an ant-farm, Sam ended up covered in green slime, James left a shower of purple glitter every time he moved, while Wanda was covered in soot from head to toe and her hair was slightly singed in spots.
They all walked out onto the floor and the others headed into the kitchen to find the pizza that had been delivered a few minutes earlier. Tony’s eyes, though, found T’Challa, who was sitting on the couch next to Rhodes and Sam, with James and Steve in the armchairs across from them. He came bounding over, tablet in hand and squished himself onto the couch between Rhodey and T’Challa. Rhodes made an indignant noise as he shifted closer to Sam so Tony wasn’t sitting halfway in his lap. “You do realize this is a three person couch, right Tony?" Rhodes said annoyed. Tony ignored him and pushed the tablet under the King’s nose before turning and looking at the kids in the kitchen. Tony had the biggest smile on his face as he watched Peter and Shuri argue over the merits of different pizza toppings. He turned back to T’Challa and said, “Do you have any idea how long it has been since I’ve had to utter the phrase, ‘
"You have kids?"
Steve sat at the table trying to contain the pure joy that he felt in his chest. Sam and James shared a knowing look across the table and Steve found he couldn’t even try to want to glare at them. He needed to remember to be extra nice to Vision for the next forever, since the AI had unknowingly just given him the best night of his life.
Her large watery eyes met his and she sniffled before giving him the barest of smiles.
“Papa, are we going to make Christmas cookies?”
“Try to sleep,” Tony says before he tells Jarvis to darken the room.
They watch a movie on the couch after the long day. Peter is cuddled between his parents. Midway through the movie,  Peter has his head resting in Tony’s lap and is asleep. Once it ends, Steve carefully picks up the sleeping child. They take him to his room and get him tucked into bed. They hope he sleeps through the night and stays in his bed. He looks so tiny sometimes, especially under the covers only his head peeking out.
“I’m not doing this. I’m exhausted. I’ll sleep in the other room. It’s available now.”
Peter helps him back to the couch as Tony groans in pain. Peter’s eyes are wide as he stares into Tony’s.
“This isn’t real!”
“Romanoff. Barton,” Tony says as he stands up.
“What? She shows up out of nowhere. You drop everything to come down here. Nothing suspicious about that?”
“I wasn’t going to say anything,” Tony replies.
Peter stares down at the table as if he’s deep in thought. “Okay.”
“I’m ready to go,” he announces as he runs into the living room. Aunt May and Uncle Ben already have their shoes on and Aunt May is packing some things into her large purse. He notices that Tony is missing and Steve does not have his shoes on yet.
“Shots fired. We could watch TV instead. Probably find some interesting infomercials?”
Peter holds his hand out for it but doesn’t look at her. He little fingers grasps around the stick.
“We found something,” Natasha says, not being one for social niceties. Hello, how are you?  was a waste of conversation.
“What do you say Peter?”
Steve returns to the kitchen to help clean up. Peter starts to calm down as both his parents join him on the couch.
“Thank you! I love dogs. My dads won’t let me have one. We live in the city and they don’t have time for one. Bailey is your dog’s name? That’s a nice name. What kind of dog is she? She looks like a wolf.”
Steve shuts the door and stares at his friend who has been dead for the past six years. They had a funeral. There was no coming back from that, he had died. So much of the world had mourned Iron Man.
He feels the ghost of the kid stumbling into him and holding him close for those brief moments.
Bucky laughed at that. "That kitten is living a charmed life now isn't it?"
“Stop it.” He said, trying to add command and heat to his voice and failing miserably.
That was…unexpected. “He wants to what now? How do you know that?” He replied.
Steve almost wanted to argue, but Clint gave him a slightly bashful look as he said, “Just got a little distracted Cap, ‘m head wasn’t in the game. Nat got in a lucky kick, that’s all.” Steve saw the small smile Natasha gave Clint and the soft one he returned to her. The pieces clicked in Steve’s head at that. It was a free shot Clint had let Natasha take as his apology. He wanted to roll his eyes and ask why Super-Spies couldn’t just apologize like normal people but thought better of it.
Steve was hit with a small sense of déjà vu as he watched the scene unfold. Last time he watched Tony exit a car like this he had been attending the Gala. That felt so long ago to Steve, back when he was sure he would never leave Wakanda. Happy opened the car door and Tony stepped out, looking breathtaking as usual. He was dressed in a charcoal grey suit, with a checkered shirt underneath, his tie a dusty rose. His eyes were expectedly covered by one of his many pairs of dark sunglasses, even though the day was completely overcast. Steve couldn’t help but smile a bit.
"Tony, I can't-" But a smile from him and his finger to her lips silenced her before he continued, "Nat, I wouldn't have it any other way."
Tony stepped up to Wanda and gently cradled her face in his hands. The tears slipped down her cheeks as Tony leaned forward and held her gaze. “Look me in the eyes, Wanda, and tell me you didn’t do this.” He whispered. A soft sob tore from her body as she placed her hands over Tony’s still cradling her face. “I didn’t do this, Tony, I swear on Pietro, I didn’t do this.” She whispered brokenly back. Tony held her watery gaze for a few more seconds before he pulled her into a brief tight hug. “I believe you.” He whispered and placed a kiss on her hair before letting her go and gently pushing her back into Vision’s arms.
Tony could only watch as Natasha exited the Gala, quite obviously furious with him. He understood and he felt horrible for keeping his plan a secret from her for the time being. He felt dirty himself, the taste of the man still in his mouth and the memory of unfamiliar hands on this body made him want to squirm out of this own skin.
Nebula watched as Tony’s shoulders slumped at that. She wished she could do something to help, but she didn’t know anything about those he had left here other than the things he had told her on the ship.
“Boss, I couldn’t be happier to see you again. My scans detect injury; may I suggest calling a doctor?”
“You didn’t tell me that you loved him.” She said simply.
"Please remind me to get Pepper something especially nice for how hard she worked to pull this together, it really is something else."
She replied, her tone distressed. “Good girl.” Tony answered. Wanda cried out for Tony from where she stood behind Vision and James. Vision hushed her and tried to soothe her. Peter tried to push past Rhodey, who pulled him back and held on to him. “What the actual fuck is happening?” Clint yelled. Tony raised his voice to say “Stand down, Avengers!”
“Not Stark tech?” Sam said in a mocking incredulous tone. Tony looked sick at the idea, but only said, “Wanda.” And kept walking. James offered, “Vision mentioned that Wanda’s headphones broke and she was unhappy about it. Vision offered to ask Tony for some but she didn’t like the idea of using something Tony gave her.”
Ross took a step closer to the counter and growled, “You’re on thin ice, Stark.” Tony gave a tight smile and said, “God, I hope so. I’m getting really tired of this shit.”
She spoke, her inflection a bit softer now.
“Uh huh. Did you tell him that he can give you his requests and we’ll have someone take care of it?”
Tony would only let out a small laugh that sounded more like a huff. "Opening with the big guns, huh? Fair enough. I started again as soon as I was released from the hospital after Siberia."
“Just think about what you like, and he’ll probably…” James started and Steve immediately shot to his feet. “Use lube! Go slow! Remember who you are!” He yelled at Steve’s retreating back. Steve raised his hand and without looking back he flipped him off before the door closed behind him. James sat in the stairwell and watched the rain for a few more moments, enjoying his victory.
Steve had only eventually been silenced by Bucky telling all of them, in no uncertain terms, that he was willing to do whatever it took to get Hydra out of his head. If that meant bunking with Tony Stark, he was willing to do it.
Once he was finally alone, he let the sobs rip from his chest as he leaned forward and pressed his forehead against the back of Tony’s hand while he held it. After a long time, his sobs subsided to hiccups and sniffs as he laid his head on the bed next to Tony’s hand and traced lines of his palm with his fingers.
The talk with Laura had not gotten off to a good start, since Laura had already heard about what he had said that morning to Tony and Natasha. He suspected that FRIDAY had something to do with that. Laura had been furious with him from the moment he was allowed to enter the Penthouse – an invitation which had surprised him anyways. Laura said that Maggie had taken the kids out for the morning, to give them privacy, but that they would be back later. He had been disappointed that the kids wouldn’t be there, but not surprised.
“But I’m Tony Stark’s daughter. My life is supposed to be perfect. I’m supposed to be perfect. This doesn’t happen to girls like me. I—” she dissolves into tears unable to vocalize the rest of her thoughts.
“Must of missed that.”
The stress is getting to Tony and he’s looking like he’s going to cry. Steve stands up and pulls Tony into a hug. Holding him tight against his chest. “It will be alright.”
“Ben! We can leave in the morning. It’s the middle of the night. Stop this,” May argues with him.
“Now, Steve—”
The basement is full of things covered in dusty white sheets. He hears things moving around and then a box clatters to the floor.
“What?” Tony says.
“What do you mean, baby?” He asks because he can’t just brush it off.
“I didn’t though. Bailey is a nice dog.”
“You told her?”
The files are spread across the desk. Pictures, journal notes, experiment logs. A part of Steve wanted to burn it all to cleanse it from his mind. Pictures of a young girl covered in bruises or hooked up to machines. Apparatuses hooked up to her that he’d have to ask Bruce to even identify what they even were. There were bruises on her body in spots where no-one should be touching her. He tastes vomit looking at her bruised genitals. He gathers up the images and pauses, his hands posed to tear them in half. Tear them to shreds so they didn’t exist anymore. It takes all his willpower not to do it. He drops them and bangs his fist on the desk, everything on it bouncing up before settling back down.
