Thinking back, Tony realized the blond man was so different than what he had been told by his father, it irked him that he didn’t meet Steve’s approval. Tony hated being dismissed, and whenever Steve opened his mouth to discredit him, he couldn’t control himself and lashed out.
Whatever Steve had to offer to protect his broad chest before was left in shambles at his feet, leaving his skin exposed to the cold breeze. Steve’s chest bore Tony’s sucking bruises with shame. His firm chest, clammy and sweaty, glistening under the piercing sunlight. Steve’s eyes shone brightly with a mixture of defiance and perhaps...desire.
‘And we both know that’s utter bullshit!’ snapped Bucky. Bucky’s eyes searched for Steve’s, only to be met with resistance and avoidance.
‘There's nothing you can do to stop me and the things I wanna do to you.... And believe me when I say this, there's so much to be done.'
‘You worry too much...’ reached the soldier’s ears as the sudden voice was carried by the soft caress of the wind. Steve immediately recognized to whom the voice had belonged.
Steve wondered, rage slowly building within his core. He fervently shifted his hips, hoping to dislodge Tony’s attempts at penetrating him further without preparation.
The bulkier man tried to push lightly at the lean chest near his own hoping to catch his breath. It felt like Tony was trying to suck the life out of him when he sucked on his tongue. Sounds of moist lips clashing against each other in an attempt for dominance were heard, resonating through the grey walls of the compound. Tony grunted like a wild animal as he tongued at Steve’s talented mouth. Steve’s body was catching fire and was starting to react involuntarily.
‘You do realize that we have a mission to do, right? There won’t be time to do anything else, so get your facts straight. Besides, I have everything I need. It’s not like I brought my whole wardrobe, unlike someone,’ as he pointed at Tony’s massive suitcase.
Steve’s thighs were too narrow for him to slide in between, which frustrated him. Steve’s body offered resistance, but it wouldn’t last long if Tony had anything to say about it. He also didn’t like the passive, prone form clutched to him. He needed the fight, the fire in Steve’s eyes ablaze once more.
This is the last of this installment, but fear not!!! More is in store for Steve and Tony in a new fan fiction I will be writing. I feel like there is more to be done. How far can Tony fall before Steve gives up, if he ever does.
It had been so long since anyone had touched him intimately. Steve didn’t have any illusions for what this was. He knew Tony held no love for him at this moment, but for a split second, he could lose himself in the thought that this intimacy between them could have been something else. It was easily crushed by the phantom of Tony’s hardened features, conjured by his own guilt.
Tony didn’t care for Steve’s comfort and canted his hips to reach deeper, where he knew it would hurt Steve.
He had failed Bucky, his friends… and Tony. Still, a nagging feeling clawed at the back of his mind, urging him to fight. After all, that’s what Captain America would have done, but what of Steve Rogers?
Steve couldn’t do it. He wasn’t a killer. Even if it meant Tony fucking with him more, he didn’t have the guts to murder someone in cold blood.
‘I’ll let...let you f-fuck me, beat me, I gave you my…word, but…please I can’t… just-’ He left his arms at his sides, fighting against retaliating, his eyes searching for any flicker of light in Tony’s dark brown orbs.
‘I’ve never been accused of worrying too much before?’ Steve’s tone wearing a hint of gaiety to it, his blue eyes soft.
Fidgeting in place, he stared into the horizon, contemplating the probability of a successful mission.
The rest of the Avengers settled in, bemused at the budding conflict between Steve and Tony, Steve seeming to be the only one not to catch on that Tony was having fun at his expense.
Through half lidded eyes, he tried to regain control over his body’s painful spasms as Tony’s hips rolled to access him deeper. A blissful sigh reached the tip of Steve’s very red ears. God, Tony had to stop before….
‘ Wh-whatt  ahhh!’ Steve had to really tune in to pick up the broken sound of Tony’s whisper over the harsh sounds of their coupling.
It was so thick; Steve’s tongue could taste the bitter fluid on his tainted lips. He can’t say it’s a taste he will ever get used to.
‘Shut up! You didn’t give a shit when I was hurt, so why should I listen to you?’ the man darkly barked, his hard prick leaking on Steve’s thighs as it brushed with every thrust of Tony’s fingers inside him.
‘You will call me Sir, soldier.’ Steve’s ocean blue eyes grew twice in size at that, ‘Shouldn’t be too hard for you considering you love to roll over for your superiors.’
Steve’s head lolled back, the breath knocked from his burning lungs from Tony’s spontaneous physical outburst. His throat felt constricted, unable to form words, unable to defend himself.
Steve spit the crimson liquid from his mouth before stammering a weak prayer, ‘T-Tony…st-stop…I’m I-I am…so sorry, d-don’t do this,
Ever since Tony hit puberty, he’d found himself attracted to the many vintage promotional posters of Captain America plastered on the walls of his childhood room. He’d never have guessed they would eventually work together, not in a million years. They had gotten off on the wrong foot with Loki’s invasion, and finally gotten to share small talk, but they couldn’t keep a conversation for more than two minutes before arguing, which was problematic if they were to go undercover and pretend to be friends.
Anthony love: Not really. Seriously why would my other self make him the new head of R&D or whatever after having a kid?
Me: Deputy Director Jeffrey ‘asshole’ Mase a.k.a. Mister Patriotism did asked me if I knew where Captain America is.
Tony: Because you naked and on my bed is very occupying. Since we came home from the wedding Saturday until this morning, we only really took sleep, food, and hydration breaks. I am glad you’re into edging, otherwise I would probably be napping right now.
Agent L. Barton: They’re definitely going to need help. Actually, everybody lost is going to need help. Because there are several problems here. One, is getting the stones to bring everybody back. Two, is bringing people back in a way that doesn’t cause extreme chaos. Finally, how do you deal with the trauma of missing five years of your life?
Tony: I’m still sorry. I know you wouldn’t cheat on me. I was just being a dick. It’s my default setting when I’m scared. Nothing terrifies me more than children.
Tony: Which you need desperately. You need friends and people that keep you grounded to the present. It helps that he’s trained to deal with PTSD.
Tony: So how have your days been? Still fighting bad guys with Red and the counselor in somewhere that may or may not be Eastern Europe. Seriously, why are you relocating to Europe now that winter is coming?
Look, I’m doing this to keep Happy from doing it. That would just be cruel. He’s still mad at me for ship sinking his OTP. How is Happy anyway? I’m kind of glad he left Mumbai before everything went to shit. We were okay because professional boy band, but it would’ve been bad for him.
Counselor Laura: I understand that. Too well. I'm also starting to wonder who in the universe I pissed off to have to deal with  "Tony and Steve can't deal with their feelings" part two because you know it's not just him. You also have a saving people problem.
HSBF: It’s a tossup between stopping Red Skull, stopping Hydra, and preventing the New York incident from being worse.
Tony Potts: So, I just found out Steve accidentally exposed himself to all the world because he tried to sext me while high on edibles.
Daisy really should be in Mumbai for the final negotiations and signing because she is one of the chief negotiators, being a top member of the ATCU and a member of the group that the document will protect. But she is friends with Polly and Robin, and the little girl let something slip during their last video call. Which led to Daisy coming to New York instead, claiming that Joey can do just as well as her during the negotiations. He is a member of the UN Avengers as well now.
Hunter: That makes this evening slightly less awkward. I am still not bringing alcohol, but I will bring you a double fudge shake. Also, I made your favorite gluten-free chocolate chip cookie.
"That makes sense. I would've done a lot for that kid, including trying to come up with an answer for question 33.”
Me: Good. Although that’s mostly because her boyfriend still thinks that she was just my beard. Apparently bisexuals only exist in porn and on Freaking Cool. Let’s not even start on pansexuals. That word’s not even in most people’s vocabulary. It’s annoying
Me: Because apparently you blush too much. He’s the one reading them because, unlike poor man’s Coulson when he was acting director, Snookums isn’t going to put that on someone else.
Thank you to everybody who read reviewed the last section. You’re also fabulous. We are back in the darkest timeline. Well, maybe not the darkest timeline. I think the sacred timeline is darker, but it isn’t sunshiny here either. WandaVision is making me reevaluate things. (This reevaluation continued with the release of Falcon and the Winter Soldier. Tony’s actions in this story may have prevented the Power Broker. Don’t even get me started on What If.)
Tony: I think she has a crush on the boy in the chair. And now she has a body and yeah, I’m not going to think about any of that. It’s like a Weird Science remake waiting to happen.
Hunter: What are you not telling my boyfriend? Because he is worried. That’s why he had trouble sleeping and is up reading files at 2 AM, which means I’m up at 2 AM, and not for the right reasons.
"Very close. She knew that he was bisexual. That was something you didn't tell people back then." Tony explained.
“If you could get rid of the part that requires me to register my children because they have superpowers, that would be nice. I’m afraid they’re going to end up in one of the camps.” He knew Steve was still worried about that even with the new administration. They were dismantling the mechanisms of the Ross administration as quickly as they could but not fast enough.
Also, congratulations on perfecting trans-dimensional text messaging. We will definitely be talking about that when I get in.
Purple Princess: That would be because my dad is on his way to brief the president. Apparently, he had an hour-long pre-brief with Jeffrey and is now probably texting my other dad to convince him to come to DC, so he doesn't have to do the meeting alone.
Anthony: Hey Princess, if you stop reading these messages for real, I will make your brother’s Avenger’s designation “Kitty Avenger”.
Me: Sometimes I suddenly realize how old you really are. Not that that’s a bad thing. But we’re going to have to figure out how to reword that for public consumption.
This conversation takes place a little under a day after the last one on September 23, 2016. Also, a reminder that there are some text message/email/phone call conversations that you don’t get to see outside of Tony and Steve interaction. We are mostly doing the highlights. I’m not sure if you really want to read Tony begging various doctors to let him sleep with his boyfriend in between other meetings. Be rest assured, he did, multiple times.
The Mechanic: The Boyfriend believes that the best hands are our own. I personally don’t trust my own hands. But I trust yours. Of the two of us, you were always the better decision-maker.
Stephen C:  Honey did actually.  Also, we were at a wedding all day Saturday. It was really nice, if really big. The food was good and most of it did not involve things that Tony is allergic to.
Light spoilers for Star Trek Beyond, however the twist is not discussed. Also you may not spot things if you haven’t watched it but it still works regardless.
Tony: That means you are disrupting Yo-Yo’s sleep, or her fun boyfriend time. No wonder she was cranky.
Me: We could talk about the fact that you just got a third chance. Do you think you’ll get a fourth one? Do you want to risk that?
: No Avenger affiliate person under 18 is referred to by their real names, including myself. Usually a name similar sounding will be used and will be changed occasionally. I have chose not to decipher this. Below are a list of those with more specific code names.
Venom: I’m not at all interested in MJ. It would be impossible for me to be any less interested in her in a romantic capacity.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all fabulous. This is the final set of the get well card/messages. Sorry, no illustrations this time. However card one was a handwritten note attached to an ostentatiously large bouquet of edible arrangements. The get out of the doghouse choice of General Talbot, after that time he accidentally thought his wife was a Hydra agent in disguise. (Yes, this happened in canon.)
“That's good. What program did you use? AA? Or did you go to a rehab center? Do you have a sponsor?” Deke asked, and Flash just kind of sputtered for a moment, not sure how to respond.
“I keep telling you to call me Steve," Steve said as he pulled out his phone. Thankfully it was the newer model Stark phone he got Steve for Christmas last year. Thanks to Deke, SI was slowly rolling out new consumer-electronics again.
Besides writing and rewriting a chapter three times isn't fun, but I manage, damn you writers' block!
"S-Steve? You are awake!" Peggy's breath hitches, and when Steve looked closely, he saw how tired her face was, how she looked like she was going to pass out any second now. But even with that, Steve still hugged Peggy tightly when the woman runs to him… he never mentioned the damp feeling on his shoulder…
"I am not foolish enough to forget that!" Anton snapped, trying to stop himself from doing something even more foolish, like shaking the Omega and scream in his face about how the idiot and foolish one was him and him alone for doing something as stupid as accepting a child as his betroth (And why would Anton become enraged every time he remembered that? shouldn't he forget about the matter already?) "But as you know hunting parties opened to everyone, you cannot stop someone from coming without a good reason, and someone accused to be an oathbreaker is innocent until his guilt is proven." Anton stated, walking outside of his workshop while closing the door behind him, ignoring the thoughtful look the Omega sent his way like he was studying him or something.
"I think I gave your family a heart attack." Steve stated dryly, gaining a snort from Tony who was too drained to give anything but that noise. Tony leads Steve until he reached the room he planned on giving to Steve; Tony gave the star a tired smile as he opened the door.
Letting out a tired sigh, Steven gazed up at the lake in front of him, wondering how icy it will feel with the cold weather that blanket the whole village. "
"Tony…" Steve said once he reached the Alpha and Tony had to physically shake his head to focus on what the Omega was saying, to lost in his admiration of the Omega's beauty to understand that he was being talked too, though, Steve did not comment on Tony's strange behavior, but the twitch of his lips, made pride burning inside Tony's chest, especially when he was close to making the Omega smile.
Tonight though, just for the night, Tony was going to dream, even for if it was for a little time, he will imagine what it will be like if Steve was going to stay with them, be a part of their family for good, and not just temporarily until they defeat Thanos and end everything for good. Tony took a shaky breath as he pulled back, gazing at Steve, taking in the soft blue eyes that seemed to sparkle like a thousand stars were shining in those blue orbs, it was ironic, considering that Steve was a real star. "I destroyed Ultron…" Tony murmured gazing at Steve's whose eyes widen at his confession. "I thought about what you said, and you were right, the risk with Ultron was great, but I still went on and tried to take that risk… thank you for stopping me before something bad happened." Tony cleared his throat, looking to the side trying to ignore how his face felt hot at the admission.
Steven didn't know how long he stayed frozen in his place, but by the time someone dared to touch him, the Omega was going in and out of consciousness.
Steve himself didn't know what happened, he mainly wanted to scream at Tony, because the Alpha didn't only pay for their son's treatment and future treatment, but the idiotic Alpha actually opened a bank account for him and Peter with enough money for the two of them to live the high-life and not worry about working anymore, but that wasn't the problem! The problem was that Tony made his bosses fire him! He really should hit the Alpha in the face for that. So after taking the inhaler from the Alpha, he didn't actually know where the Alpha found his inhaler, but after he regains his breath he discovers that in fact, this was not his inhaler. "The fuck Stark, did our chat get in one ear then out of the other! You got me fired from my jobs! This was the exact reason why… AH!" Steve screamed and cursed which made Tony fidget and stand on the sideline waiting until the Omega calms down. "Take this back, I can get on fine on my own." Steve said thrusting the papers at Tony's chest which made the Alpha sigh at that, he should have known that Steve was too proud to accept help.
"How did J behave?" Tony asked, a twinkle shining in his eyes as he gazed at the two of them waiting for them to give him an update on how his A.I. acted, wondering if it needed a little work or if it was complete, he also wondered if he could convince Rhodey to help him install J in the house before they leave.
So Anthony changed the way he acted, and the world around him changed the way the saw him in, he became popular, people either wanted to be like him or were jealous of him, he went out parting all night, drinking like his father, when usually he always hated alcohol and parting, he acted like every rich bastard, showing people who was the superior, who was the boss, and some people loved him for that, they fell on their knees and bowed for him, even his father and Stane looked at him with a little pride in their eyes when he acted like he was the king… it made Anthony feel disgusted. It made his skin crawl when he had to sleep with another celebrity, it made him contain his disgust as he swallowed another mouthful of whatever alcohol was present in front of him, it made him try to stop himself from feeling bored every time he was forced to gamble in Vegas because that's what rich people do, they throw their money left and right without care in the world.
He doesn't know how many years that passed since Anton had died and gone to Valhalla, but he knows that they were too many now, he stopped shining brightly like how he used to before meeting Anton, instead, his shining was always dull, which made his sisters and brothers worry about him, but he always wave their concern, after all, how could he tell them? Tell them that he was in love with a mortal, and do stars fall in love even? He thinks not, he was sure that he will shine until he dies billions and billions of years later and form a black hole, another passage in space for explorers to go through to see another part of the universe.
' even when no one really knew when the Omega would leave that lab or if there was something wrong. Three days of everyone being sick and tired, wondering how Stane had managed to get out of the Death penalty when he should have been six feet under for months now…
"Tony, you know what happened when you come with me, it happens every time!" Steve pouted, gaining a sigh from Tony who looked at him like a kicked puppy… unfortunately for Tony; Steve had mastered the art of defending himself against such a look, which meant he was immune... sorta. "Tony…" Steve said in a playful tone pushing Tony outside of the bathroom and closing the door, which got him a squeak of betrayal from Tony.
The sun nearly blinded Steve when he was out of the mansion, but Steve gritted his teeth and bear the strong light that seemed to reject him. Peter shifted in his embrace, causing Steve to take a deep breath and look toward what he hoped was the road to safety…
"Shhh… It is alright, little Omega, I am here." Steve said softly he held him gently and drove into him even more, making Tony whine and whimper unable to control the volume of his voice; the only thing he was thankful for was that Peter was not here and that Howard accepted babysitting their son with a happy smile. Tony couldn't help but let out a sudden gasp as his back arched when his mate brushed his prostate one last time making him released without a warning. Tony couldn't help but give a whimper of desire as he spurred his Alpha to press the knot inside; Tony made a squawking noise as his Alpha finally answered his demands and knot him. Steve could only grunt as he cum, holding Tony tightly to his chest. Tony could only cling tightly to his Alpha with a choked whimper as a second release was ripped off him.
Tony pressed his lips tightly, gazing at his phone screen with a completive look on his face, his eyes tracing the ten digits he knows by heart wondering if he really should call the person on the other line, as much as he didn’t want to, as much as he wanted to stay angry with that person, his meeting with Sarah early that week opened his eyes in a way, the conversation he had with Steve months ago made him realize, that all of this, was partly his fault as much as it was his father; after talking with Sarah Tony start thinking, that any day now he will wake up feeling that he could finally forgive his father, only to discover in the end that it was too late, that if only Tony let go of his resentment and pain he could have made things right again. Tony took a deep breath and opened his eyes, finally gathering the courage to press the call button.
Even as Tony prepared for everything, that didn't stop him from trying to create as many happy memories with his daughter as he can; memories of happiness in the only place Tony never feared to be his true self, that was before he was stabbed in the back by his so-called friends. At the moment, Tony was happy to ignore everything in the world, being content with playing in the garden, running around his toddling baby, and trying to convince her to call him Daddy, something his girl never called him even when she started to talk a week ago. It was probably his ten months old baby being a pain in the butt like when Tony was a child.
"Because you are Iron Man…" Peter beamed as he said those words, and Tony, he felt like he was melting from the cuteness and the innocent look that Peter was sending him, the Omega could do nothing but chuckle happily at this words kissing Peter on his cheek while nodding his head.
"OK, hold on, Miss witch!" Tony snapped glaring at the woman that was taller than him by a few inches, which made him buff with irritation. "First of all, you can't just come into my tower, into my own goddammit office, and threaten me. Second of all, why are you threatening me when it was your cousin who is chasing after me even when I told him no. If you want someone to blame for the upcoming heartbreak blame your cousin, he is the one who is still chasing after me, even when he has ten other people running after him hoping that he will notice them!" Tony growled glaring at the woman who blinked her eyes in surprise.
Tony failed his mate eleven years ago, leaving him pregnant and alone without anyone to protect him, leaving him facing the world by himself with no one by his side. Tony failed in protecting his son when he fell sick, he failed him when he met him a year ago and made him cry; Tony was the reason that his son always ended up crying. Tony failed his family a month ago when their own home was invaded by Hydra; he left his love and boy alone, scared, staring at death in the eyes without him being there to protect them, instead it was his father who rescued them. And now, now Tony made the biggest failure in his life; again Tony didn't notice what was going around him, too busy in his workshop, trying to invent the crazy thought that came to him, in the hope of him protecting his family. Look what happened, his son was sick, trying to fight the infection that overcomes because Tony didn't pay enough attention to his mate and son; not only that but his love, his Steve, was fighting for his life after being poisoned by Hydra's goons, in front of his son's recovery room nonetheless, how much of a failure can Tony be?
"Mr. Stark, as much as I wished to help you, I can't unseal the records, maybe you should find another way a more professional way like hiring a private investigator or…" Sam was cut by the desperate look that was thrown his way.
!" Tony screamed as he tried to punch his brother which the Alpha dodged and punching Tony on the face hard breaking the shorter Alpha's nose.
Steve carefully pulled out and Tony collapsed on his chest, panting heavily like he ran a marathon, a purr leaving his chest before raising his eyes to gaze at Steve's, possessiveness and lust shining in them; Tony dragged a possessive hand over Steve's chest. "Mine, my Alpha," Tony growled and Steve couldn't help but agree.
When Steve reached Shield, he did what he always does, he trained the new recruits, and file paperwork, and attends the meetings, he was even able to make Fury give him the rest of the day off, to go and enjoy it with Tony. He even went to the café near their home to buy Tony one of those cherry pies he was always obsessed with these days.
Anton's thoughts were broken by the sound of familiar laughter coming from the tree line, making Anton tilt his head and follow the sound thinking that it was Petrus and James playing around; a grin took over Anton's face, wondering what he can do to mess with the kids once more, it was fun messing up with the kids, especially when they make it easier.
"Don't try to play the victim with me Tony, a year; you knew I fell in love with you after half a year! You had a whole year to tell me who you are, a whole year to prepare me for your true identity! But how do I find out? I find out from your father as he came to kick me out of our apartment! I fell sick Tony, I thought I was going to die; I was hauled to the hospital to be informed that I was pregnant! I was a child, who was forced to choose either to drop out of college or getting rid of the baby, you never were there, you promise but you never were there!" Steve's voice cracked which made Tony swallow, both of them too tired and drain to try and hide their glassy eyes.
"Steve…" Tony thankfully didn't stutter and embarrassed himself more than he already did, which was fate if he saw any. "Here, I got you this…" The Alpha said as he showed the Omega the flower bracelet he got him, and Tony can see the Omega's eyes widen a little when they fell on the Forget-Me-Not, Steve looked at the Alpha for a few seconds, before looking at the flowers, extending his hand slowly to take the flowers, touching the petals gently when the bracelet was secured in his hand.
"He may not be your problem Howard, but don't forget you are the one who starts the problem in the first place." Jarvis said, irritation shining in his eyes as he tried to reign himself in before he started another fight with Howard, his idiotic friend who was too cold and stoic and more stupid than he was years and years ago. "You know, sometimes I wonder, what would have happened if you just let Tony be. I know for certain that Tony won't be that dreaded Iron Man who throws his life away every time he can; God knows that I have enough of Peggy doing that. I also know that Peter will finally know his father and that he will be happy, living with his mother and father's warm embrace, even if he will end up falling sick, at least he will have his parents from the start. Maybe, just maybe, Tony wouldn't have ended up here today, begging God to save his mate that everyone knows will end up dead by nightfall." Jarvis clutched his clipboard tightly in his hands, not wanting to do something rash like punching Howard in the face.
"Goodnight, sweetie…" Tony whispered as he tried to get comfortable, thrusting his face into Steve's pillow, hoping that his mate's calming scent would calm him down; Tony promised to give Fury hell when Steve come back; just before Tony finally falls asleep, he heard a small whisper of
But it ended with Steve freezing in his place when his eyes fell on Tony, taking in the man with wide eyes. Steve remembers the fight Tony had with Bucky, he remembers the punch that Bucky gave to Tony how the Alpha broke his brother's nose, he even remembers his husband's nose bruising and swelling up like a grape which informed Steve that it will take a long time for the Alpha to heal from such a sucker-punch. But the thing was, Tony's nose is… is all healed? Perfect? Wasn't broken? Steve doesn't know what to think anymore, as he spent the time looking at Tony's nose like it holds all the secrets to the universe. "…happened?" Steve's words trail off, the Omega not knowing what to say, his gaze never strays from the Alpha's nose.
"Physically, he was better than the people I saw in the Germans camps, mentally? I don't really know." That made Jarvis nods his head, feeling too tired and too old for this. "He gripped the front of my suit before passing out, he grips it and orders me to save his son… what am I going to do, Jarvis? What am I to do when the pup dies?" Steve sniffed at that, which made Jarvis sigh and stand up on shaky legs.
His second appointment with Dr. Cho, it actually was good. Tony hummed happily to himself, thinking about what took place in the past month. After he told Pepper, who told Happy, who told Rhodey that he was pregnant, everything actually turns out to be good! Tony took a vacation from SI, and considering that he never took one since he starts working there and usually took suppressants and scent neutralizers, he never worried about heat, or his scent affecting anyone, so he had a lot of time for his use. Also, his belly got big, which made him drop the sweatpants and sweaters and wore the Maternity clothing that Pepper bought for him, his only problem that his bladder was the size of a peanut and him having to go every five minutes to the bathroom… it was worth it in the end when he felt the baby fluttering inside of him.
had to do with anything happening around him? "Do you think that an Addams abuse their spouses? Is that why you refused to marry Steve and made such a big fuss about it?" Serpentine slammed her hands on the table in front of Tony, causing him to gulp when he noticed the shadows behind the woman move wildly, there was even a strong wind in the kitchen and the cooling system isn't even on. "Answer me Anthony Edward Stark!" Serpentine hissed causing Tony to yelp and back away from the woman behind him.
"We are home!" Steve called out, causing Tony to scramble to the front door, leaving his father in the kitchen as he rushed to where Steve and no doubt Harley was waiting for them. Tony should have gone with Steve, he really should have, but both Steve and Sarah agreed that Tony was too nervous and jittery to be going with Steve, so it ended with Steve and Sarah bringing Harley and Tony to prepare dinner with his father for their family.
But she was not anyone; she can see the hardness in his eyes, can see the anger, the rage, the promises, and the pain that was promised to her if she failed to deliver what was asked of her. "As the stars whispered, he disappeared." Nebula started her body tense unconsciously, ready to flees out of this barren place when she saw the anger shining in her father's eyes.
"Did you know Mr. Stark years ago, Mommy?" Peter asked with excitement, his words making both adults pauses before they smiled at the boy, Tony with nervousness and Steve with mischief, as he leaned toward his son like he was going to share a secret, ignoring Tony who was looking at him with pleading eyes as he tried to pull him from his sleeve like five years old child.
Steve saw Howard walking toward him, as much as Steve wanted to apologize for invading his friend's privacy… no words left his mouth. When Howard reached him, Steve saw the heartbreak in the older man's eyes; it made Steve felt worse than he was feeling before. "My son...Tony…" Howard said, still eyeing the picture with a sad smile on his face…
"Mr. Stark?" The nurse called them out, making Steve raise his hand and stand up with Bucky in tow; excitement was already fluttering in his chest at the thought of him finally knowing the gender of his baby. The appointment thankfully went without a hitch, informing Steve that his baby was as healthy as five months baby should be.
The fight was about to turn into a brawl if the engine wasn't destroyed…it ends up with the team fighting the aliens in Manhattan, getting half of the city destroyed in their offer to stop the invasion. And they were about to succeed in closing the portal… that was until the missile was lunch on Manhattan, in the end, Tony decided to do it and direct the missile to the portal. "That's a one-way trip, Tony…" Aunt Peggy told him with a broken voice, it just made Tony bit his lips and told JARVIS to put the thrusters on 100% capacity.
"The voice in my head… I always hear it since I was small, but… but I can't hear it anymore, besides you are here... you are Captain America and you are dead." Tony's voice cracked, which made Steve want to go to the Omega and hold him tightly.
When Steve went to find Tony, he didn't have to search long before finding every one, not when Tony was talking so loudly it could have been considered shouting. Reaching the living room, Steve shifted in his place when he saw that there weren't only two cops like he thought there will be, but the place was swimming in them, which was overwhelming.
Well, it was the start of something alright, it wasn't a friendship per se, but it was better than the two of them being enemies who wanted to bash each other's heads; they are heading there, the friendship road Tony meant. Steven no longer growl and glare at him every time he walked inside a room, he never tried to start any fights like he used to, though he still throws his deadly pillows if Tony said something insulting, which is way better than the barbs they used to throw at each other, though, Tony still wonder from where Steven got his pillow sniper skills, even Bucky commented on how excellent they were, and that if Steven wanted he could teach him how to handle a gun… it took Steven five seconds before agreeing with a terrifying grin that made everyone but Bucky and Peggy shiver in fear and terror, needless to say, Steven and Bucky hit it off, and now you can say they are as thick as thieves, not that Tony is jealous or anything.
By the time Tony finished his tale of woos, then it will start after that, him not moving from his chair, wanting to never acknowledge the next question in any way but knowing that he has to answer the woman. His face then will be turned toward the far wall, waiting for that question to be asked which meant that more unpleasant ones will follow soon.
Today Steve and Tony will spend their first night as a married couple in the hotel suite they rented, tomorrow after saying goodbye to their pup and parents they will leave on their month-long honeymoon to Italy, where the two of them will stay at the Carbonell family's mansion and enjoy their time there.
Before Steven managed to hit the Alpha on the head, a gasp left his throat as his eyes fell on the Shield in the man's grip; part of him couldn't believe what he was seeing, wondering if this was a trick of the imagination, another part couldn't help but walk closer to the man, raising his hand and tracing the star in his sight with wide and nearly wild eyes. "How…?" Steven whispered the question in a soft voice, not wanting his voice to break if he spoke louder than needed. How did the Alpha find his Shield when Steven spent years searching?
"Steve!" Tony's panicked voice coming behind him, made Steve blink; his hands were still holding Peter's small one in his, but even if he wasn't holding his pup's hand, he won't turn his gaze toward the Alpha panting for dear life, he couldn't face him after this, he should have known that Tony, no matter how many promises he gives him, he couldn't follow through them.
"Well, it is not my fault that everyone are idiots, and are overreacting about my engagement is it?" Tony finally snapped, getting feed up with how Fury kept repeating the same sentences for the seventh time, really? Really? Couldn't Fury find anything else to complain about other than his relationship with Steve? So what if Tony was engaged? People didn't care that much about him when it became a known fact that Ty abuses him so why should he care about what they think about his engagement with Steve.
So after an hour the three of them were in one of Steve's cars, a simple one that wouldn't get everyone's attention on them, it took them half an hour of convincing Peter that the person who wore the mask was Steve and not some stranger, and finally the three of them were exploring the city. Tony felt strange with the mask on his face, he can feel the cold texture on his face, and how the mask moved to fit him every time he moved a muscle to smile or do anything else. He looked different than Steve, while Steve looked like he was a very fit thirty-seven years old, Tony looked like he was in his forties, a short man with his peppered black hair, and blue eyes, his face was smooth of any facial hair, with the wrinkle lines around his mouth and eyes indicating that he spent a lot of time smiling.
"Here!" Peter pointed at a direction after opening the window, causing Steven to lean down a little to see where the boy was resting his sight, ignoring Tony who stopped behind them. "The second star under the big one to the right…" Peter pointed, suddenly starts explaining a few things about the star. "It's not bright like the other ones, but it's still pretty, Daddy said he followed it when he was in Afghanistan and it saved him, that's why it turned into our lucky star, I don't know why it disappeared; it's a thousand years old not billions, me and my Daddy always go to the garden at night on weekends to gaze at it…" Steven couldn't help but block every word Peter said when he was finally able to locate the place Peter was pointing at, a few digs in his memories informed Steven that the place he was staring at was not a mind trick his mind was playing on him.
Time passed, and still, no one was getting out of the operation room, no doctor, no nurse, no Steve. Tony was left in the waiting room, with half of the Avengers with him; Natasha took the Hydra agent to S.H.I.E.L.D., the man may be dead, but he was still of use to them. Clint was sitting with Peter, guarding him in case of other Hydra agents showing up and deciding to do something, Tony was so grateful to Clint for keeping an eye on his son. Peggy and Bucky were sitting by his side, both of them lost in their thoughts just like how Tony was. The three of them couldn't help but feel the helplessness taking over their hearts every minute that passes without news.
Steve returned to the gardens indulging in his need for a sip of water before returning to finish his chores, sighing in relief when the king flat out told him to not even think about cooking tonight, which gave Steven the time to rest and catch his breath, making sure to cook something simple for him and his babe who was trying hard not to fall asleep, too tired from trying to help Steven in the gardens.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, a little bit of sadness, fluff! Peter is a cute bean, and a surprise! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"Good morning, darling…" Tony had to bite his lips to stop the huge grin from taking over his face as he turns in the Alpha's arms gazing at his sleepy blue eyes with a grin taking over his face, making the Alpha give a lazy smile and lower his head to kiss the Omega, making the brunet sigh gently and pull the Alpha down by his neck, letting out pleasant noises every time he felt the Alpha's hands caress his body. "Time to wake up…" The Alpha said through kisses which made the Omega pull him and kiss him harder hoping that the Alpha will forget what he said a few seconds ago.
"Yes, trying to protect me by lying and endangering my child's life!" Tony snapped, which caused Natasha to flinch and back away, looking at her shoes once more. "Do you know why I came here, Natasha?" Tony whispered, his tired voice making Natasha raise her head and gaze at Tony whose eyes fell to Morgan, who snuggled into his chest. "I came here to escape the abuse, to save my child from death and people who were going to use her; I came here for a fresh start. I didn't come here to be lied to and mentally abuse! If I wanted that I would have stayed back home and didn't endanger my child's life." Tony hissed, lowering his voice as to not wake up the sleeping girl in his arms with his loud voice.
vith your family, vith your mate und children." The man said once more, his words nearly hard to distinguish because of the heavy accent that seemed to get heavier as the man continued to speak; OK, now that was a little presuming of the man, does he go around supermarkets every day harassing Omegas with these kinds of words? Because for one these kinds of words are a little on the discriminating side, for another, this was a completely strange man who was ordering Steve around.
"Are you… are you OK?" Bucky asked as he finally moved from the door, coming to sit in the armchair near Steve, but not that near, to make Steve feel trapped; Steve was grateful for that, but Bucky's words caused Steve to pause and look at his hands, wondering if he was really OK.
"Are you here to eat at one of Brooklyn's best sweets too?" Tony asked, changing the subject as to not clue Harley on what he had discovered; Harley looked confused for a second before nodding his head fast, probably thinking that he took the easy way out and that he was going to run away that he has finally satisfied Tony's curiosity. "Great! Me too! What do you think about us doing that together? I still have to bring a few cheesecakes and ice-cream sandwiches home or Peter will throw a fit." Tony started talking a mile a minute to distract Harley.
"This can be your room from now on." Tony said, shushing Peter gently when the boy whined and shivered in his embrace. "With the mansion being burned to dust, I think we all will move back to the tower; I will have some clothes and stuff delivered to you by night, and don’t worry about everyone, they will get over it." Tony assured, gaining a tired smile from Steve who nods off and gazes at the room like it held the entire secrets to the universe. "Steve…" Tony's voice cracked a little, causing the star to turn to him and tilt his head. "Thank you, for protecting Peter… it means a lot to me." Tony murmured, holding tightly to his baby, the fear of losing his son was too strong to let Tony rest.
Tony kicked him again, this time in his exposed side, his ribs cracking under the heel of Tony’s shoe. He rolled over, propping himself up on his shoulder, forgetting for just one moment that his naked, battered, and fucked body was broadcasted for all to see.
He landed on his back, the back of his head slamming into the dark wooden floor. He found himself straddled by Tony while he kept punching his face in like he was on a mission. The only words passing his ears were Tony’s verbal abuses and accusations. Steve tried to shield his face, but he was too exhausted, unwillingly granting access for Tony’s anger to flourish.
Steve has to endure more of Tony's antics while Tony dishes out his frustrations on Cap in this conclusion.
‘DON’T TOUCH ME!’ yelled Tony. Steve felt himself being thrown onto the cold floor, his reflexes quick enough to break his fall, leaving him on his knees. His body quivered, cold from the lack of touch, he cringed when he received a kick to his unprotected stomach.
Steve didn’t have a spoken response, just a quick shot to Tony’s ribs and a pat on the back, ‘How’s that for cramping your style?’
‘Let me hear you…’ Tony pulled back enough for the slick head of his cock to rest at Steve’s puckering entrance, only to ram it in again and again, until all that was heard in the room were the soft, squishing sounds of Tony’s slick dick and the subdued pants and shouts spilling from Steve’s saliva coated lips.
Anthony: Yes, heaven forbid people find out that Steve Rogers is a kinky bastard and just a little sappy. I mean flowers and chocolate, adorable, but cliché in a cute way.
The song Tony came out to was War by Edwin Starr. Yes, he appreciates the irony as a reformed and former war profiteer.
“That would be good. I’m also curious about how that happened. I will always want to see Bucky happy, even if it’s not my Bucky.” Steve said sadly.
“May mentioned it when I talked to her a few days ago and it would be nice to meet the oldest kid when we’re not fighting,” Steve said with a small smile.
“I trust you, just don’t talk about us having sex,” He said as he handed the nano paper “notebook” to Tony.
“Agent 19 is good and Lily’s aunt is happy to have her with us. The Rider misses his brother and his car but he likes the orange Audi. It responds to him well.”
Counselor Laura: You should go visit the kids with Steve. That way, you can give Pepper a little break so Hunter can come up and maybe get Simmons to stop drinking.
If you’re wondering what the AI formally known as Friday looks like in her physical form think if Angela Bassett and RDJ had a 14-year-old daughter together. Afia originally wanted to look like if Tony and Steve had a child together, but the Princess wanted a little sister/cousin and convinced Friday, this would work better for their cover story. Friday chose her new name herself afterwards. It’s just a total coincidence her name is one letter off from the LMD we dare not speak of.
Me: When talking about the guy who murdered my parents is the preferred subject, you know things are bad. We’re just having all sorts of breakthroughs tonight.
Anthony: Well it just looks less sleazy when I'm with a woman two years older than me. Also I like Melinda even if I think she may have slept with you because of her Coulson crush that she refuses to act upon. Patches didn’t tell her that he was alive for a while.
Me: Surprisingly well. By my standards anyway. My new therapist just happens to be your old therapist, Dr. Suarez. She was neither Hydra nor out to get me, all positives in my opinion.
Tony: I don't remember if I told you this, but Pepper and I dated for a while before we slept together. We needed to transition first and so do you and me. I think I just wanted to jump into things because I’m scared.
"Come on man, I was just taking a few photos. Hey! Give that back! You can't take this!" The reporter snapped at Steve when the Alpha snatches the camera away from the Beta and took the film from the camera which made the Beta curse and snaps at Steve as he tried to wiggle out of the Shield agents' arms.
"Hey…" Tony finally gathered himself enough to say this one word, sounding like an idiot when he said it, but he didn't care, especially when Steve gave him a bashful smile. "You look beautiful!" Tony said suddenly, his eyes widen when he realized what he said to Steve, God he was such an idiot! Beautiful? Men aren't beautiful, they are handsome! Steve was so going to leave him after this!
"Mama! Look at dis!" Tony watched as his pup pointed at the orange cat that sashays its way toward them, and Tony had to blink his eyes and look back because he knows that his Mom hates pets of any kind, but here he was watching a cat, walk around the place like she/he own it, to be true to himself, Tony always wanted a pet, and he wondered if his parents brought the cat for him. "What's dis, Mama?" Peter asked with a delighted squeal as he starts petting the cat, which made all the adults shriek and cries in alarm, everyone but Captain America of course.
The king rumbled, causing Steven to pull James closer against him almost automatically, but the protective gesture didn't keep the Viking from proceeding.
Peter only tilted his head in confusion and wonder, it was a few seconds later before his eyes widen and his mouth dropped. "You guys got married! Only married people sleep in the same bed!" Peter squealed happily and Tony pale as he heard his son's words wondering who told his baby this. "Aunt Peggy, Uncle Bucky! Daddy and Mr. Steve got married!" Peter squealed as he rushed out of the room leaving Steve and Tony to scramble for the pieces of clothes littering the ground, planning on dressing up quickly before running after Peter.
Spots start dancing in front of Steve's eyes as he tried to gasp for breath, his baby's cries increased as he shrieked and called for him, begging him to stand up and move… and God, how much Steve hated himself for putting his baby through this, he hopes with all of his heart that Tony will come and save his baby from the dark fate that awaits for him if Steve was killed by this bastard.
Steve screamed, trying to break Nebula's hold of him, trying to reach Tony to help him away, use anything even the last of his magic to transport Tony back to Midgard, back where Peter and the Avengers were. When a barely recovered Tony tried to stand on his legs once more, Thanos effortlessly took hold of him and flipped Tony onto his back, and began to brutally beat Tony down with his fists, breaking off more and more of his armor with each strike. Steve knew that Tony was helpless to resist, Steve knew that Tony would have lost if he faced Thanos, Steve knew that earth's villains are not like Thanosm, that compared to Thanos every villain Tony fought was nothing but a child… Steve knew this, and because of him getting involved with Tony, Thanos was targeting his love… Steve should have listened to Sara when she told him not to get involved in mortals affairs.
"He caught Thanos's eyes, didn't he?" Steven murmured which made Loki give him an amusing look, the mention of Thanos made the Asgardian inhale at that.
"So this is your workshop…" A voice hummed behind Tony, which made him give a shriek (That he will deny for the rest of his life) and turn to the intruder, wilding his hammer like a weapon ready to throw it at the person who dares to come into his safe haven without his permission, Tony though, stopped in his place when he saw Steven looking at him with a raised eyebrow, Peter was sleeping in his arms clutching Steven's shirt and refusing to let go.
In the end Tony asked the AI to make a phone call for him, now Tony knew he should have called his mother, or at least Pepper to tell her about his will, but Tony only wanted to hear one voice now, so he held his breath as the call connected. Wishing desperately that the person at the end of the line will pick up the phone and talked to him, heart pounding in his chest Tony held his breath.
"You found a hidden door?" Rhodey questioned in a shocked voice. "Where does it lead? Hey, Tony don't you dare go in there, Tony!" Rhodey grunts and curses under his breath when Tony crawled through the hidden door in the closet. Getting inside the dark room on the other side, Tony frown at how dark it was. "Here!" Rhodey called, offering Tony a flashlight, which made Tony grin, Rhodey was so considerate and prepared; now Tony knew why Pepper agreed to go out with him.
It was a month later that Tony finally dared to leave his house, in that month, he spent every waking moment he had closing himself in his lab ignoring people left and right, his friends come a week later after Pepper told them about the news, every one of them looking at him with sadness and understanding looks, but Tony didn't have it in him to smile or even cry, he was just so tired, he took a month-long vacation, and fuck everyone in SI who would talk about him doing what he wanted because he was Howard Stark's son, he just wanted to be alone and have the chance to mourn his lost son in peace.
Back in the penthouse, everyone was looking at the place the Omega had gone to before Howard's moan of pain snapped them out. "Dammit Tony, is that your Omega?" Rhodey said as he continued to stare at the place the Omega disappeared too, gazing at his friend who looked star truck at the place the Omega disappeared too.
For the first time in months, Tony's mind didn't plague him with the nightmares of him being held down and violated against his will, his mind didn't plague him with the fear of Howard and Stane catching up to him and hurting him and the baby, his mind didn't replay Ty's action over and over in his mind, reminding him of what happened months ago, when he was pulled away from one of his father's stupid parties, thrown in a room and had someone take what Tony didn't want to give.
Steve and Peter went to the front porch, Steve taking a seat on the stairs with Peter in his lap, which made the small boy look at him with confusion. "Peter, tell me honestly, do you like Tony?" Steve asked in a soft voice, knowing that his actions and words were probably confusing his boy, but he was hoping that Peter will understand.
The footsteps coming down the stairs made Steven blink with annoyance, as he grumbled to himself glaring at the fucking dress he was forced into, his expression though, soften a little when his eyes fell on his babe sleeping happily in Steven's lap, being covered by a thin blanket, which caused the Omega to sigh and cover the boy before the blanket fall, thanking the Gods that it was the last month of summer which meant that the weather was still agreeable with them.
That was the only thing Steve could say, everyone from all around the world came to say goodbye to the hero, Steve saw all of his friends, and to his surprise, even Thor and the guardians came to the funeral, but what made him seethe in hate was that Morgan and Pepper didn't even come to say goodbye to the man who still considered them his family, Steve never hated someone as much as he hated them. As for Steve he was still refusing to believe that his husband was dead, he was too tired and too drained, he spent the days before and after the funeral crying in Tony's lab surrounded by Iron Man's suits holding into the glasses Tony gave him not letting it go hearing the message Tony left for him in Edith's database, that Edith replayed for him over and over again at Steve's request, Dummy was there with him peeping sadly and touching the suits before wheeling himself toward Steve with a water bottle in his claw, sometimes with tissues, he was thankful for both Dummy and Friday, who refused anyone access to the lab, letting Steve grieve in peace.
"Mr. Stark!" The voice that hunted Tony since earlier this year squeal happily and Tony turns to look at the small pup, who stopped in front of him gasping, and Tony had to stop himself from pulling the pup in his arms and never letting go because his baby looked tired and pale. "You are alive! I thought you got hurt after the aliens attack, I was so worried-" Peter was cut from his ramble by Tony finally kneeling and pulling the pup in his arms, holding the pup tightly and nuzzling his cheek, which made the pup purr a little and sniffs Tony's neck, relaxing at the scent of family.
Those who were alive when Hydra was going to take over the world knew what kind of rotten terrorists they were, and those who were born after Hydra takedown didn't know anything other than the stories they were told. "You are hiding more information aren't you Steven?" Peggy asked which made the older man look at Peggy with a small smile; he could never keep anything away from her.
"Dummy… that is the name of the foul creature…" Steven questioned his face freezing into something between a grimace and a horror. "The poor thing, could not even get a respectable name, still bad at naming I see." Steven hissed at the brunette pushing him harshly making Tony stumble before going to the claw-like machine, which made that thing peep in alarm. "I am truly sorry for what I have done, I did not realize that you poor thing was enslaved by him." Steven said as he patted the machine, which made it give out a confused peep.
"I see…" Steven said breathlessly, as he closed his eyes taking a deep breath trying to calm himself down at the whirlwind of emotions he was feeling at the moment, trying to regain his barriers.
Swallowing once more, Tony opened the door slowly, making sure not to make a sound as he slipped in. looking around, Tony let out a relieved sigh when he noticed that no one was in the room with him, this will give him time to search the archive before someone noticed that he was missing. Looking around the place, Tony quickened his steps as he went to search through the archive.
The scream that Steven wanted to let out got stuck inside of his throat as his body froze in its place, locked, even though Steven couldn't cry out, that didn't mean his inner Omega wasn't doing the job for him, as it screams and shrieked inside of his head the voice increasing louder and louder each passing second.
"Do you wanna go and play Peter?" Steve asked the small boy when they reached the playground, which made Peter squirm in Tony's grip and nod his head extending his hands to Steve, which made the older man laugh before taking the small boy. The day was fun if Tony had to say so himself, they played in the playground until Peter was tired, then Steve bought the three of them ice-cream, and it really made Tony laugh how Steve tried to explain what ice-cream was to Peter, in the end, it was Tony who ate most of the ice cream, which made Steve give him a mock glare as he tried to clean his shirt that Peter dripped ice cream all over.
When everything turn out to be fine, Tony could only let out a relieved sigh, nearly falling on Steve's shoulder like a doll without its strings when the tension left him. When it was time for the ultrasound, Tony held Steve's hand tightly, fearing that if he let go of his husband, this stupidly beautiful dream will disappear and Tony would be once again alone. Seeing his child for the first time, caused tears to finally run down his face, the experience being as magical as it was the first time that Tony experiences it thirteen years ago…
"I see, so you are an outside girl, unlike Daddy, huh?" Tony asked as he snuggled his girl, kissing her forehead, which earned him more cooing and what could pass as a laugh from a baby of three weeks of age. "What do you think about having a picnic with Daddy, hmm?" Tony asked going inside the house once more and start shushing his baby when she scrunched her nose in displeasure. "Just wait for a few seconds, baby. Daddy needs to make the picnic basket." Tony cooed, as he found the baby bag, a few books, snacks, and took a sheet with him outside.
"What happened?" Tony asked, pressing his lips into a tight line; Tony wondered why he didn't kick Natasha away, but a small part of him; the part that felt betrayed wanted to get some closure, he wanted to know why the people he loved and cared for betrayed him like this.
"You butt out of it Barnes or else!" The Omega hissed at his friend making the Alpha nodded his head mutely and send Tony an apologetic look, knowing that if he talked to the Omega without permission he will get his balls ripped off by the said Omega, and that was not something he wanted to happen to him.
Dr. Lawson, was going to stay with Shield with some of Talos' scientists, the reason for that was to help Shield, to help them learn about what's hidden in space, and help them perfect their defense to be able to prevent any attack from OutSpace when the Kree or any other race start going after earth. For the Skrulls who begged for home and protection from the Kree, Howard stated that he had a private island… a big private island, that he can help the Skrulls making that place their new home, on the promise that they are to not ever attack earth, and that Dr. lawson and Carol Danvers were going to be the ambassadors for earth, Steve made that call because he knows it would lower the tension between both sides, and he was thankful it was the right one. As for Carol, Steve had to sigh and tell her that because of her unique situation, Steve will take it on himself to train the female to control her powers, it made the woman scream in joy and start jumping around… apparently, she was a Captain America fan and for her to be trained by her hero was a dream come true… the only reason Shield hasn't told the American government about the Aliens was that they don't know how many Hydra's sleeping cells that were still out there.
"I… let me remember baby…" Tony said closing his eyes to remember… once upon a time, when Tony was young, younger then now, Aunt Peggy gave him a jacket, a leather brown jacket and told him it was Captain America's jacket, and that she knew Tony will take good care of it; he remember when he wore it for the first time and the smell... "It was like being surrounded by warmth…" Tony said opening his eyes. "It smelled like… like a garden? I don't remember clearly but it smelled fresh… why did you ask that baby?" Tony questioned raising himself a little.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, violence, mention of characters' death, anxiety, near-death experience, alcoholism, mention of therapy, near mental breakdown, Peggy Carter as Captain America, and who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Steven's lips twitched up into a gentle smile, feeling amused by his son's actions and words. "I see; is Petrus still here, though?" Steven asked which earned him a nod from James, as the boy pointed to the door like he was informing him that Petrus was waiting outside of it. "Can you call him, please?" Steven gave his boy a small smile, his words caused James to pause for a second before he nodded his head and get off the bed, rushing to the door.
Angie on the other hand… was a firecracker, emotional. She would always fight with Peggy, about how they should find
!" Peter's voice was faint and afraid as he tried to shake Steve awake, and for the thousand times, Steve cursed this mortal body that repels against him.
' (Peter) and quietly slide from the bed and shuffling like the dead until washing their faces (Harley) after breakfast, Tony usually get busy dressing up and making sure he was presentable for work before hustling both Harley and Peter to the car to drive them to school (After making sure that they have their lunch boxes and are presentable for school)
So while Tony was still in the Enemy/Lover zone, Steve still never trusted him fully with Peter, something that as much as it broke the Alpha's heart, the Alpha understood, because, for Peter, he was nothing but an inventor and a superhero, just an idol, not even a friend… he was just Uncle Bucky's packmate… as for Steve, the Alpha was nothing but heartbreak and possibly the person who destroyed his life, and probably he was just another heartbreak waiting to happen, something that as much as Tony hated to think about, he knows that it was true to some extent.
Today, Tony got the courage to invite Steve and Peter for a dinner, which something he didn't dare to do in all of the six months he knew Steve because inviting the Alpha into his house for dinner meant something to him, especially when Tony was bad at making friends and not knowing how to act around anyone if he didn't sass the living daylight out of them, thankfully Steve finds it charming and not repulsive like many Alphas who will try and break a mouthy Omega.
That scene made Steve growl but it ends with Maria who surprisingly pulls Steve away from the scene, and out of the room away from the rest. "They can't do that!" Steve told Maria nearly sapping at her only making the woman give Steve a tired look, he doesn't remember that much of what happened or what was said between them but he remembered one point of their argument before Maria left him to his storming thoughts.
Steve's breathe hitched, fear taking hold of him when he heard those words; Steve nearly snatches his phone from Tony and starts screaming and cursing at the other person who dared to say these words to Steve and his husband. This was crazy, is this who Steve thought they were?
Rhodey rushed inside the workshop, his face pale and his eyes were terrified, probably planning on whisking Tony away from the ruins that were once called the Stark mansion. When Rhodey entered the workshop, though, he froze in his place as he took everything in, from the pink walls to the toys, to the dream of every girl under the age of thirteen, a contrast image to the horror that lay outside of the workshop.
The name made Tony still in his place; it was a familiar name, a strange but familiar name. Tony heard it before; it was on the tip of his tongue. A familiar but a strange name he heard…
It was always the same; the same with the encouraging posters on the white walls that were painted light greys and blues in the hope of calming the patient. The same lounge that Tony lay on and gazing up at the ceiling while frowning at the cat poster up there wondering how in the seventh hell was the woman able to hang that cliché poster hoping to one day rip it off, how can someone handle seeing that poor kitten without wanting to go up and help it? How does the 'Hang in there, baby' post even give motivation, when all Tony wants, was tearing the poster of that the kitten who was looking as depressed as him, just how?!
"Good morning sleepy heads!" Tony called out when he heard Rhodey and Pepper shuffled to the dining table and throw themselves at the chairs, yawning and grumbling as they tried to go back to sleep while sitting in their chairs, which did nothing but make Tony snort and put the breakfast plates on the table in front of the two of them before taking his seat. "Eat; the two of you have 16 hours' drive back to New York." Tony stated which made Rhodey groan as he straightens in his chair sending Tony an angry pout.
So imagine when Steve got a call in the middle of the night; a call that was making Steve not only twitchy but made the Omega extremely angry. Especially when the past few months Steve's cell phone was constantly called by wrong numbers sometimes once a week, or once every two weeks, it happened even once a month; Steve wanted to be concern by this, but so far nothing happened, and a few who called apologized for calling the wrong number. But Steve noticed in the months that pass that no two numbers were the same, they were always different; it was making Steve twitchy the more he continued to hear harsh breathing at the end of the line without an answer.
Happy on the other hand… well he was happy when he learned about the news, stating that should Tony need anything and I meant anything at all, he should call him right away, Tony was happy about that and thanked the older Beta for his offer for assistance. As for Tony and Pepper, they talked about what was Tony going to do when the baby comes, Tony told Pepper that he wanted to move out of his penthouse in Manhattan, that he didn't feel welcome here anymore, that he was tired of this place and he wanted a safe place for his baby when everything was over. That made Pepper pause and get a map out of her small library, the two of them spent two weeks looking through the map and houses for sales until they agreed on Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. Tony never felt so happy buying something when he bought the house in Bay Ridge, he met a few of the neighbors, and they were all acceptant and fun, they never made him felt out of place for being a pregnant and single Omega… He knew deep down that the baby would love this place. Pepper and Happy promised to help him move into the house before October 31, so that Tony can start the suburban life of giving candies to kids on Halloween. Tony never laughed as much as he did, when Pepper volunteer to dress as a whale instead of Tony.
Once he was out of Harley's sight, Tony rushed to the counter and pulled his phone, his heart pounding in his chest as he kept his eyes trained on Harley who was munching on the crust left in his sandwich plate. Biting his lip, Tony clicked the line and his heart fell when he was greeted with Betty's hysterical voice.
"Mama! Mama!" Morgan gurgled, her lips held in a pout as she tried to wiggle free, but failing to do so because of Tony's firm grip. "Mama! Papa! Mama!" Morgan's whine made Tony pause in his place, gazing at his baby with confusion only to see his child looking at the lake with wide and hopeful eyes as she tried to wiggle out of his hold.
"Is that so?" Tony asked with a surprised tone, getting a nod from Steve who starts touching the slick pieces of metal, the look of amazement on his face. "You seemed to know a lot about technology considering this is the first time you touched or gazed at it. There are at least two hundred years since the first train was made and now, I like to think we have come a long way since then." Tony gave Steve a playful grin, feeling his heart flutter when Steve let out a chuckle.
"You… you are an idiot…" Tony murmured gazing at their hands, with a tired look on his face, and Gods above how much does Steve want to wipe that look away, he wanted to return, back before the mansion was destroyed, where Tony would invite him to his workshop and the two of them will talk about the many sciences that are to be found across the universe, back when everything was simple.
Everyone was set on the edge; not only were they worried about Tony, but Peggy and Howard were trying to make the judges they knew to reconsider their decision of letting Stane out with nothing but a slap on the wrist because Stane deserved nothing short of death. Steve had been tempted to break the lab door down to see how Tony was doing, but the Alpha was never careless enough to destroy the Omega's safe haven, so with that, everyone was forced to wait for Tony to show up after locking everyone out.
It had been days since the queen held himself in his room, later taking his child with him to his people's house, refusing to come in contact with any one of the village and refusing to return to the king's own home when it turned dark; a silent protest and a small victory that the king refused to take away from the queen, not when he knew what his ignorance caused innocent souls from his people. It had been days since Anton dared to disclose the secrets the queen told him, but only daring to do that to his friends, in the hope of them starting to dig something to discover the truth that caused Anton to have sleepless nights for many days now.
Tony nearly let out a sigh of relief as he crossed the hallway to his room, only to let out a huff when his body hit a solid object that wasn't in his path a few Nano-seconds ago. Raising his head Tony's eyes widen when he saw Steve grinning happily with blood covering him from head to toe…
The next time Tony woke up, he groaned at how his head felt fuzzy and how his mouth felt like he stuffed cotton inside, when Tony opened his eyes, his heart gave a painful pang when he saw Peter snuggling into him while trying to stay quiet lest he woke up the Omega, which made Tony close his eyes tightly and pull Peter in his embrace making the small boy let out a squeak whilst he snuggled into the younger man's chest, taking comfort from Tony.
"W-why…?" Steve breathed out, his breath was ragged as he took in Howard, whose eyes were trained on the syringe in his hand, the one with the strange blue liquid in it. Part of Steve was scared of what Howard will do with that thing in his hand, another part was curious about Howard opening up and telling him about his past, it does explain a little why Howard was a bastard to him since the start.
Just as Steve's hand touched the handle, ready to thrust the door open, he felt a hand taking hold of his right hand that was holding the bottle which made the Omega let out a shriek and whirl around ready to fight, only to hear the sound of laughter, which made him pout, especially when he realized that the person who was laughing was his husband.
"What?! Do you even know what this means?" Betty hissed, glaring at Tony as if daring him to stop her from going to Harley, which Tony did when he saw her trying to sidestep him. "Dammit, Tony! You could be charged with kidnapping of a child!" Betty finally snapped her glare intensified when Tony refused to move. "I know you are angry I didn't tell you about Harley, but I need to check if he is OK." Betty took a deep breath trying to stay calm, knowing that if she started a fight with Tony they will overcomplicate something simple.
"Yeah, and scary blonds are…" Tony murmured to himself before shaking his head at that, just because he admires Steve physic doesn't mean anything, besides the man, was probably too busy with his son, he doesn't know about a mate for the man shut that conversation before it even started, but who was Tony trying to kid? The man probably has dozen of babes wanting him for his physic and good look only, and from what he saw the Alpha was a good father, his hands were probably full taking care of his son… Tony really hated how he went from thinking about his baby to wanting a strange Alpha just after his son's death was confirmed… it made him feel dirty.
Betty's shaky voice caused Tony to swallow, his eyes becoming misty as he cleared his throat, apologizing for the barista when the teen cleared her throat and told him he was holding the line. "Sorry, yes, I will like another order, cheesecake; blueberry one, please," Tony ordered in a shaky voice causing the teen to nod and Tony was thankful that the teen didn't start asking questions. "Betty? Sorry, I… sorry… he is here with me… what happened Betty?" Tony asked as he moved away, closer to his table to keep Harley in sight but far away that the boy didn't see him and realize what Tony was doing.
"Daddy…?" Peter asked as he took the picture from Steve to look at the messy hair man standing beside his mother, Peter couldn't believe that he was finally seeing his Daddy! His Mommy didn't usually talk about him, and it always made Peter wonder about that but seeing the picture made Peter's heart raced in his chest like he had run all the way home from the park near their house. "Name…?" Peter asked in a small voice which made Steve kiss the back of his head.
"You know, that scene looks familiar in a way, doesn't it?" A tired voice stated behind him, causing Howard to blink and turn his eyes to Jarvis who was gazing at Tony who was holding Steve's hand, crying and begging the Omega to stay. "Only that time, the person lying on the bed was alone, no one there to hold their hand and be their lifeline." Jarvis stated, the tiredness making his British accent show up.
"I will take of our son, I promise, just hang on, OK? Everything will be fine, just hang on." Tony's voice was cracked and breathless as he begged Steve to hold on, begging the love of his life to stay with him and Peter; Tony promised himself that when this is all over and Steve and Peter were alright, he promised he will finally do what he planned on doing years and years ago. Tony promised that he will take Steve and Peter away from here, away from New York and all the pain and hurt and Iron Man and the Avengers problems; Tony sower that he and his love and their child will settle in Ireland in Sarah and Joseph Rogers' house that he bought years and years ago, he promise all of that, he just needed Steve to fight and survive.
"Well, you really…?" Steve asked, his voice too stunned to be more than a whisper, and when Tony nodded his head, Tony had to stop himself from letting out a pleasant purr when Steve grins like a lunatic. "Oh God, thank you!" Steve grinned as he pulled Tony tightly in his embrace, and start kissing his ticklish neck which made Tony squeak and start wiggling out, trying to get out of Steve's strong grip.
That's why Steve was agitated since he woke up from a coma, he can't tell the difference between the life he dreamed, and the one he really lived, in this state, everyone is considered his enemy.
"Well, then… why don't we wish him a happy birthday." Steve said giving a plate of a pancake to Jarvis, making the older man look at Steve for a short time then take the plate with a small smile…
"Stay back, Sir." Steve heard one of the nurses tell Bucky before the doctors swarmed him once more, causing Steve to scream and thrash as he tried to shy away from their hands and the needle in one of the doctor's hands…
"Does the cell have torture instruments? Spiders? Dried blood? Human organs?" Barnes asked desperately as he looked at the commander with wide pleading eyes, and Tony just opened his mouth and closed it while blinking his eyes, wondering if he went into a parallel universe and now he was in the Twilight Zone.
Opening the door, Steve paste a comforting smile on his face, trying to calm his baby down, his baby who was looking sicker than when Steve left. “Mommy, I don’t feel so good.” Peter stated with a tired voice, his hand coming to wipe his nose, Steve sighed when he saw that Peter used his sleeve to do the wiping, coming near Peter, Steve was about to stop his baby from wiping his nose again with his sleeve, only to froze when he saw a line of red slowly making its way to Peter’s upper lip; his baby was having another nose bleed, the third one this day...
"It is because of the Ancient One's heart." It was Thor who accepted to explain, saving Steven from suffering to explain the matters to his band of merry. "No one in Midgard knew, but the ancient realms are experienced in the legends of the stars in the sky. A star's heart is the most powerful form of magic, not only can you forge the most powerful weapons in the universe in the heart of a dying star… but consuming a star's heart will grant you immortality." That statement got Thor noises of surprises and distress.
"Wait, I thought Uncle Gomez and Fester ended up killing Dad, why didn't you tell me about this?" Steve asked part of him intrigued with his mother's story, and a part of him still thinking over what his mother advised him, so it was either he goes out with someone that will love him for who he was but he will never love them like he loves Tony, or trying to act like (He is getting sick just thinking about it) normal for the rest of his life just to be with Tony, and ending up hating him in the end.
"Tell me, Bucky, what's it like when you normal people go on a date?" Steve asked, curious about the answer Bucky will give him, for Steve going on a date meant many things, usually, his Ma used to take him to the forest in the witching hour for them to dance and cast spells, something that he thought Tony will have enjoyed considering that he never slept in the witching hour, always humming and singing, and banging with his hammer, for Steve that would have been a perfect first date, they can move to hunt ghost and demons on the third date, but for normal people, Steve was clueless to how they communicate with each other.
Counselor Laura: Although Miles is the son of two of your employees who are doing a special rebuilding project in Puerto Rico and Dr. Stark-Rogers is taking care of him in the interim.
Steve: Good. You can tell me about what Friday means by Hydra killing most of your family on the ride down to Manhattan. Was it Bucky?
Me: There’s no ventilator. He was on oxygen but there was never any ventilator. I think the real reason why they still have him sedated is the director thinks he will sign himself out AMA as soon as he’s conscious again, especially considering what happened before his bodyguard could get back there.
Counselor Laura: You might have more things to work through than who I’ll just call Tony 2018, but I know you. You don’t believe in the impossible. You’ll work through it.
Me: Which apparently is another reason why he was demoted now that your namesake organization is making a comeback. Apparently too many people still think he’s dead to be in charge. Which is ridiculous.
May: She may not. It is going to be complicated. They’re going to come back thinking she’s the 11-year-old they left behind when she’s a 16-year-old who has lived in a dystopic hellscape for the last five years and barely stayed out of an internment camp.
“What do I do now? Does the entire school know I’m gay yet?” He asked the AI. He doesn’t think Ned would be purposely malicious. However, Peter was keeping the truth about his own orientation from his best friend for a reason.
HSBF: We worked together before the fall. She’s really good. She also has a degree in chemistry which might be helpful since you won’t be around for daily consults.
“I think Friday can show you security footage of Tony yelling at me because I wasn’t there when he needed me and ripping his armor off of his chest.” She wondered if this was the same incident that Tony talked about briefly.
“Simmons is a mess and do not deny it because the one time she came to see me, she burst into tears,” Laura tells him.
Tony: I really don't. Although it wasn't your boy. Hydra didn't want to bring out the big guns until they had to because the big gun would break when he's faced with the ghost of his past.
“Do you feel guilty for getting him committed?” James asked, knowing about what she did the last time she was in America.
“Holding Morgan for the first time.” Tony smiled softly. “She was so perfect, and I knew instantly I would do anything to protect her. I will never love anybody as much as I love her.”
Person my boss is in love with: Is it weird that I find it cute that he’s sleeping with a Captain America Teddy bear?
Me: Please do. And speaking of being serious, I would kind of love to make May your successor. It would really piss off everyone who keeps pressuring me to turn over the shield to some hot blonde guy or even Rhodey’s deputy. You know someone who screams All-American and Mr. Patriotism tries to at least look that way.
Director snookums: Other than the fact your dating him and he used to be my teammate, Nomad is not operating in North America. Nomad also did not accidently destroy a bridge last week.
Nomad: It was okay. We are still in the getting to know each other phase. I have another session tomorrow so hopefully we’ll get to talk about some real things.
AMA: Against Medical Advice. I just realized I forgot to define this last time that acronym came up.
Monkey lover 2: That’s not what I meant. I’m not sure if Stark not being back with Pepper Potts will keep the world from being destroyed.
Me: No. Okay, we have officially survived the paparazzi so you are going to be dependent on Yo-Yo keeping her phone away from Jane. I think they’re going to be playing phone tag literally for most of the evening.
“You don’t know that. I can’t stand here and do nothing. I’m going to check on May in medical and give her the antidote. I’m sure she’s going to want to be here for the rescue. I still can’t believe you iced her.” Hunter could because he knows way too much about the Doctor. Leo will do what he needs to do to save the world regardless of the questionable morality of it.
Tony: Not because of the President’s offer, but other things like what Fitz --sorry Leo did to my precious Friday. Although, the President’s suggestion did cause some heart palpitations.
Tosha: No, she’s Laura. She is just a Laura that made different choices. Or from what I gather, Stark made different choices, and she helped. Apparently, they are each other’s AA sponsors.
Me: Most people thought I was at Harvard for the first two months until Obadiah said something to the press. I really should’ve realized he was a lying bastard right then and there.
Pepper pot: Because you don't want to risk accidentally wiping Morgan out of existence. Which I agree with because I don't want my daughter to be wiped out of existence.
Tony: 10 lawsuits for discrimination based on genetic factors because treating somebody because they’re inhuman is still illegal or at least that’s what the lawyers are arguing. Ross, or rather his State Department, is facing 12 lawsuits for hostile work environment as well as five for sexual-harassment, against him personally. Oh, at least two for reprisal.
D Fitzsimmons: The plan was for him to go back to his farmhouse and grab something tangible. At the last minute, Nana decided I was going as well. She found a way to stretch out the Pym particles based on the work she was doing with the monolith before.
Me: Oh shit! Those jokes a couple weeks ago about you not wanting to do cyber sex because a 16-year-old super genius could be reading the messages wasn’t really a joke?
Counselor Laura: I will remember that. The problem is we need to get me back. That’s not going well at all. Robin convinced Friday to send all of Deke’s notes to the other timeline.
Me: Political appointees don’t always have the necessary background needed to do the job. Although considering the Shield image problem, a PR person may be helpful. Sometimes it’s more about who you know and the former congressional staffer is very anti-enhanced person and knows a lot of people. Really, the list just goes downhill from there.
Thank you again to everybody who has spent the last 3 years reading this story. This is not the end but the beginning of our next journey together.  The tentative title for the big sequel is Infinite Text messaging to the Endgame. I will begin posting after Text Messages from the Edge of High School concludes. I can’t start working on Infinite Text Messaging to the Endgame until Endgame comes out for home viewing. So, you get to spend some time at Midtown in the interim. Please check out that story.
Agent 13: Which is why he shot you with three tranquilizer arrows to keep you from boarding a plane to Canada.
The new consultant: Did you say, aliens? As in plural alien invasions. Aliens that want to wipe out half of the Earth.
Agent L. Barton: New Shield does too. The addiction treatment center is Stark’s old Florida property. Stark industries donated the property to the government.
Kitty brother: Per multiple sources, you have been in there since 1:08 PM PM EDT. You are not allowed more than 16 hours of continuous lab time.
“Or what’s the most ethical way to bring back half the life in the universe.” Steve has also been thinking about that since their conversation that morning.
“Yes, I’m older than my grandparents. Time travel is weird, especially when you do it again and get trapped in a different alternate timeline.” The visitor told them.
Red phone: Less than two months before the Accords were thrust upon us, the Australian government locked up an aboriginal man named Eden Fesi because he used his powers to help people.
Me: The only thing that’s going to bring Pepper back is for me to stop being a part of myself and I can’t do that. Not even for her.
Tony: Mostly because whatever you’re doing is failing miserably without me. Deke is missing, and apparently, you have Laura from the good timeline crashing at the compound.
“Yes. I even told Kamala more details while I was in there. She wants to see her parents again.” Tony could hear the sadness in Steve’s voice.
MayMQ: You know the thing with Stefan was a comfort thing. I thought you were dead. I went to your funeral. I’ve buried you. But I are really didn’t mourn. I really didn’t deal with anything very well. I was angry you, Fury, and especially myself because if I was still doing fieldwork than I would’ve been with you on the helicarrier. If I was there with you, then maybe you wouldn’t have died during the battle of New York.
Warning: A little sexually suggestive dialogue, but Steve is trying to shut it down because of their 16-year-old voyeur. I should probably add that as a tag to the story.
Me: This time they lost their psych department chair and part of their library. Really you think by this point they would make their library big gigantic monster proof. Okay after two incidents you think they would keep a better eye on the chemicals their faculty are accidentally or accidentally on purpose exposed to.
Please note that neither Steve nor Tony know that there are two Leopold Fitz’s right now. Although that won’t stay the case for long. Especially with Karen around. She has no filter. Thanks to Spider-Verse I’m starting to use Leopold J. Fitz for an other-dimensional visitor, or at least that’s what Karen is using. She is a spider AI after all. The Leo from the story’s original timeline will just be Fitz.
As for Football Hunter, that is Lance Hunter. For those of you not watching Agents of SHIELD, think the 616 Clint version of Hawkeye, complete with complicated marriage to Mockingbird, but more British. Lance Hunter was last seen in season 3 being disavowed by Shield to avoid an international incident with Russia. Actually, the last time he was seen was in season five, when he rescued Leo Fitz from a secure government facility that doesn’t exist on paper. That hasn’t happened yet in this timeline. Right? We shall see.
Tony: Never tried to decipher the scientific writings of a chronically depressed alcoholic who’s obsessed with her dead lover. The only stuff I can understand are the notes that she wrote to Fitz, or I guess we're supposed to call him Leo. This whole situation is a mind fuck.
Spider mom: Refers to Rio Morales, the mother of Miles Morales a.k.a. Spidey Junior. She is not sure if she believes that her husband joined the Watchdogs as an actual undercover assignment because of some of his anti-power person comments in the past. I have found no external evidence to disprove either possibility, including discussions with Dr. Leopold.
“Not that it would help. Although I do react to edibles. Although I need like three times as much. The thought is appreciated all the same.”
Football Hunter: OK, the bastard recognized you and contacted her. Then your mum contacted Simmons, and she isn't the best liar.
Stephen C: And I almost ruined it because of my own stubbornness. But somehow, I got a second chance to fix things. Don’t lose your second chance.
“The winner is not running in this timeline.” That comment resulted in him receiving strange looks from his counterpart and his girlfriend.
Me: Yes, she settled. She even managed to start her own business. She was also upset that she had to cancel the date to make her little visit. Apparently she’s given up on my science bro ever coming back, but it’s probably for the best that she is moving on.
“And I’m proud of you. I don’t want to talk about my family either. Although I do regret never making it to Nevada to meet my sister,” Steve remarked regretfully.
"I wish there was some quick fix like with the Clint situation so I could take you with me. Lila sent me pictures of her daddy. She’s happy. She doesn’t need me anymore." Tony said sadly.
“Well, after you put some pajamas on. Those pants cannot be comfortable.” Steve didn’t mean to stare at Tony’s crotch area; it just kinda happened. Let’s just say everything was very well-tailored.
Me: Because when you have a certain amount of money, doctors don’t treat certain problems as well as they should or at all. They are more concerned with humoring a wealthy patient. Laura and my platypus are trying to find a psychiatrist that won’t care about my bank account.
Cuddle Bunny: Oh God. I knew Melinda worked for a federal agency, but not which one. I assume that she was not in Hydra? Did she survive what happened?
I think I want to be a dad, but I don’t know if I want biological children despite knowing that a gestational carrier is an option. I don’t think I should have biological children because I think I would pass on the super soldier genes and they would just be putting a target on an innocent baby. I don’t want that. I don’t want to make anyone else a target. Then again, any child I raise would be a target. With you, I don’t have to worry about that because you’re already a part of this. It feels easier that way.
Anthony: Well I guess you can’t really call it presents unless you consider things left to you in a will presents. Aunt Peggy left me a lot of diaries. None of which I’m going to be able to read anytime soon due to the kidnapping.
Red phone: They wanted weapons again. I told them no. They wanted the Iron Man armor. I told them hell no. Then I reminded them that I’m completely open to being Secretary of Defense. At least with me, they wouldn’t have to worry about the boss turning out to be Hydra.
“That’s also my biggest regret.” Because it’s obvious from the other timeline that they at least have a chance to defeat Thanos because those Avengers are still together.
Tony: Finally, Jane is also furious at me for waiting so long to go public with the breakup with Pepper. Also yesterday, I may have got into a pissing contest with the Senator on Twitter.
Me: No, he didn’t because you and I are still talking to each other, even if it’s via text messages. He wanted us at each other’s throats, but we're not. Actually, I think we're communicating better with each other now.
Me: You know Nikki barely tells me anything. My PI is much better. She even got me a picture of Spidey dad making contact with Hill. Although, Jones obviously wasn’t that sneaky because Patches came by to tell me to back off.
Blue phone: Pretty much. I think we agreed last time that if we were talking like this before, Siberia would not have happened.
Anthony: Maria was a goddess among women. I don’t know how she put up with Howard for so long. Howard only talked about his mom, mostly about how she finally left his dad. She was the only good part of his childhood, apparently.
Lily bear 2018: He’s mad at Dad too. He blames him for you being missing. He punched dad, and more importantly, dad let him. He doesn’t want Uncle Tony and dad to send us to Malta with the other kids. He says he's not a baby. He’s definitely acting like one right now.
“That’s understandable. If that happens, tell Pepper I'll talk to her after the 2 PM meeting. She’s a CEO; she understands schedules and not actually having a weekend." Tony lamented.
Counselor Laura from 2023: But your Uncle Tony did get me back. Trust me, this is a lot nicer than the accommodations I had with Ross. Is Uncle Tony the one taking care of you right now?
PS: Yes, I’ll bring pizza. Although it’s more likely to be from Italy the New York. The Quinjet has a special feature to keep pizza hot. Thank Tony for that.
"The bad guy was trying to lure us there to get his revenge. He wasn't actually going to unleash an army of super soldiers on the world. He actually shot them in the head before we got there."
Anthony: Anyway, she stayed at SI until sometime during my Afghanistan captivity. It wasn’t until after my public superhero coming out that I found out she left because cancer sucks. At least I got to see her again before dying, which is more than I can say for Jr. Sharon purposely had SHIELD send her off on some mission in the middle of nowhere because she couldn’t deal with watching her mom die. Her mom needed her there and she wasn’t.
Genius Princess 2018: Yes, I mentioned earlier that he would like to know how his grandmother is doing. Ana said that she's going to push some messages to her through the system. Consultant Fitzsimmons is very concerned with her alcoholism. He asked Flash about his treatment strategy. I'm sure if Dr. Stark was here, Consultant Fitzsimmons would ask him the same questions.
Blue phone: You’re not going to answer that question, are you? I said you didn’t have to and you really don’t. This conversation didn’t happen.
Counselor Laura: That’s when we started to uncover the truth regarding Hydra’s many assassination attempts against your father, Uncle Daniel, and Aunt Peggy. As well as the unfortunate collateral damage. Although we didn’t know the stuff about Daniel for probably another year.
Tony: First time I kissed you. Bonus points for that being something I’m willing to mention publicly.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: I have to go. Dad and Cap Dad are here to apologize. Peter may get a car out of this in addition to the townhouse.
Anthony: Because I think Friday likes Wanda best, which is weird considering Friday’s origins and the fact that Wanda and Vision are doing their best to act like teenagers.
“But I get it. I think I have that type of love with Pepper, especially now that we’ve settled into co-parenthood.” Tony explained.
I was inspired to do this from the 2018 Champions run. I love all the characters there, including Visions’ daughter Viv. Since circumstances are not right for Vision to have her right now, I decided to give him a teenage sister instead. I’m 20 years younger than my brother, so I appreciate this family dynamic.
D Fitzsimmons: Actually, she goes by Potts Stark now. They changed their last name for Morgan. They wanted to switch to Carbonell, but the board wouldn't have it.
Anthony love: No, because there are some conversations you don’t have with your daughter’s best friend and “cousin.”
Melinda: I am aware you’re afraid to talk to Tony, but we need him. I think you’re the only one who can convince him to help us.
Anthony love: Some of the dirt about my now dead number two made it on to the Internet. They believe she died in a car crash yesterday, but some of the stuff about how she treated Ruby is now trending on Twitter. That’s bad on its own. I’m regretting NYC child services getting involved because they still don’t like me very well.
Me: We talk about things that we are comfortable doing physically together as well as our hard limits. For example, I can probably do shower sex, but hot tub sex probably would trigger a panic attack. Waterboarding sucks.
I don’t know how I feel about you seeing this from the other side because it’s not a very pleasant feeling. Although, I’m glad you understand more about how I feel. Of course, not being together, does not make the anxiety go away. So really, do make sure that you text me next time things go badly so I know that you’re OK.
Tony: Not just you, everybody. I could eventually find another way to get you home, but this is the best option for everyone else. It’s going to allow me to steer the new Accords process and protect the youths with powers. But if you don’t want me to do it, I won’t.
Me: Also, the US military doesn’t want to run millions of tests on her so they can make more super soldiers.
“That’s a hard yes. But again, they are not upset about the super villain in training trying to intercept a shipment of Avenger tech, but the fact I have a boyfriend. Okay Ross is probably upset about the weapons thing in addition to the Clint thing, but that’s a Rhodey problem."
Tony: I would have to talk to Pepper about that. I trust her to move the company forward. So I don’t feel like I’m abandoning everybody. We would have to come up with a succession plan. I have an idea of who could take my place as CCO and he would be perfect for it. But she is CEO, so we would have to discuss it, but I think she would be on board.
Counselor Laura: To answer your question from before, the Stark-Rogers started talking again because, one night after getting completely wasted, that Tony texted Steve.
"Why didn’t you tell Happy that you were with me and not some random guy that you met at a charity event?” Steve asked. He’s been wondering about this for a while. “Were you worried that he would tell Ross about our contract?"
Hunter: Simmons sent me several text messages. I’m actually pretty good at understanding her ramblings when she’s pissed. Which is the majority of the time. Although it’s now worse that the grandkid is missing. I told her she should have told him what she was doing. But she was worried he would've said no.
Counselor Laura: Although Steve’s obviously happens after the dividing point, which means the answer was different. My Steve won’t sext Tony at all.
“Which apparently you do,” Pepper said as she poured herself a cup of coffee. She definitely needed it.
Me: Thank you for telling me. I’m not gonna say that you shouldn’t worry, but I think things are a lot better than they were. At the very least, I think the Avengers are more together then we were right after Siberia. At least Clint is back in the country. Everything else will work out eventually.
FRIDAY: Lila is currently sleeping on Sir’s lap because she noticed he was sad and wanted to cheer him up by requesting he read her a bedtime story. Apparently that is one of his favorite activities due to his father never doing that with him as a child.
"History books are often wrong. They exchanged a lot of letters, which totally explains why Steve can do this long distance relationship thing. You encouraged him, didn't you?"
Me: That is where I got the activism bug as you say. I hated the way things were back then. I saw the police raid the club so many times. So many people got hurt or worse just because of who they loved. That’s not right.
Counselor Laura: Please explain to me how that happened. I have so many questions and have no idea where to start
“I know you’re right. I’m just worried everything’s going to blow up in our faces.” Steve acknowledged.
“I’m not surprised at all that you have a place in Brooklyn. Also, I know both girls in my timeline.” For some reason, Laura decides not to tell him that Robin will soon be the stepdaughter of Steve’s childhood best friend. They’re planning a September wedding if the end of the world doesn’t happen first. Well, the end of half the world, her included.
It helps that you’re watching over Tony. I feel like I should apologize for half the ridiculous things he asked of you while you two were wherever you were. No, I haven’t told him that much about our relationship. It’s private.
Me: Did I ever mention that Jane Barnett is a former Shield agent herself. Jane Barnett is not even her real name. Just the one she’s using in her post Shield life.
You were kidnapped and brainwashed. You couldn't fight it and I now accept that it was out of your hands. It took me a while to get there because maybe there's a part of me that's mad that you did not withstand their torture. I never gave in. Not once. I got myself out of there with Yinsen’s help, but maybe you didn’t have a Yinsen to help you get the hell out of there. It’s stupid to hold you up to an unattainable standard.
“I was laughing about the question. It’s basically if you could live to 90, would you rather keep a 30-year-old mind or a 30-year-old body. As somebody who turned a hundred and five last July, I am honestly glad I don't have to choose between having the mind of a 30-year-old or the body of a 30-year-old." Okay, that definitely deserved laughter.
Ana Jr.: They are working on an enhanced communications project. They're trying to get a message to Agent Johnson.
“True. OK, question 14 is, have you wanted to do something for a really long time? If so, what?” Kissing you. Tony thought as soon as he read the question, but he would not say that one out loud. That would make things awkward. They’re trying to work away from awkwardness, which has been the perpetual state of their relationship since 2012.
Venom: Still sober, which is somewhat remarkable considering this day began with seeing my now ex-boyfriend making out with somebody else on Instagram and ended with me finding out my best friend is a robot.
Anthony: You should know that this wedding is going to take at least two more hours so it’s good to be comfortable. We are just getting through the bright arrival part.
MJ: I am not your master of propaganda. That’s what Ana is for. At a minimum, ask Ned or Thompson. Use the “Flash Mob” for your purposes.
“This was why I was asked to chaperone. Kissing is still allowed, but that’s it.” Tony’s assistant explained.
The new consultant: Other than cuddling around each other without shirts on. You know I'm okay with it. You two are cute together.
Morgan’s dad: Isn’t that usually the job of my Head of R&D. Who incidentally hasn’t checked-in in about two days?  Despite his save the world sabbatical, I still expect to see him playing on my server. Is there something you need to tell me?
Anthony: She is, but there’s no reason for you to be jealous, bunny lover. I’m just there to train her teenage nephew with spider powers. Of course she is completely unaware that he has those powers.
“In some ways we are but I still think there’s progress that needs to be made. I could tell you were terrified to tell me about Bucky because you’re afraid I’m going to leave you.”
CoulsonPJ: The villain tried to keep him away, but he was able to get out by himself because he’s that strong. They're blaming Quake for it, by the way, despite not being seen in the New York Metro since she rescued Ms. Marvel and her family from the Watchdogs.
Me: The newly blonde Widow managed to get baby bird to the lighthouse before Sky Quake dumped her because my ex-wife was too busy doing God knows what to actually do what I asked. Definitely over.
Anthony: It’s perfect. The paparazzi are less likely to crash if we do it in the middle of the night.
Counselor Laura: You even arranged for us to see Clint on your private island. That’s part of the reason why I stayed clean and why I agreed to help you. You’re a good person under the suits and bravado.
Tony: OK, now I have to tell them that I am perfectly OK with Dr. Leopold coming in because I want to spend more time with my daughter as well as the foundations. I’m starting a new one, the Lincoln Campbell foundation with Skye Quake and Team Monkey Lover. That will be the arm that will handle Inhuman rights. Although Skye Quake wants to do some alcohol education outreach as well.
Tony Potts: He can still fuck things up being his charming self, but it's harder without the gauntlet. Although even one stone by itself can be dangerous.
“Now I’m almost happy that Yo-Yo couldn’t get you into tomorrow’s lunch. Okay arguing was involved in a sense." Tony finally acknowledged.
Chief Mechanic: Because you’re less terrifying than Agent America. I'm still wrapping my head around the fact that I have a biological child. You know, made the old-fashioned way.
Genius Princess: One does not need reminders of their own mortality. But this is not death. You are literally removed from existing, and the only thing that remains is the memory of you.
May: Unfortunately, we have no one with a medical degree full-time. Banner has seven PhDs and not one MD. That would’ve been fucking useful.
Steve: No, you were right. It was the wrong time to ask you about what happened. You weren’t well, and you lost someone you really cared about. I’m the one that needs to be sorry, and I am.
HSBF: That actually happens a lot, the burgers anyway. But we never talked at the time. Which would probably have been helpful in the long run.
Tony: They don't even know that he doesn't have any degree at all, let alone that he won't be born for another 30 years. You know if his grandfather didn’t disappear.
Red phone: It’s okay to be uncertain. You don’t have to put labels on relationships. They are what they are.
Me: 6. It’s been over since Halloween. Haven’t you realized by now that my best skill is pretending everything is normal when it’s not? It’s why the ATCU is hating interrogating me.
Me: He made you out to be some god who couldn’t do anything wrong. I think I prayed to your poster as a child. Okay, I may have had a tiny crush on you as a teenager and that may have been how I figured out that I’m bi.
Agent Laura: I think the April date got chosen because an algorithm Tony created said it was the day less likely to have an alien invasion.
Hunter: Leo just got into Deke’s report, which is apparently a transcript of the conversation he had with Ana.
The new consultant: Well, you do you know his biggest secret now, and I’m sure at least he knows that no means no. Also, if he ever found out what happened, he may be tempted to break his no-killing policy. At a minimum, he would web him up to the Hollywood sign or something.
The title comes from the Mike Shinoda song “Ghosts” which is almost a theme song for most of this series.
Remember not to spoil the Endgame for others. No public Endgame comments for at least the next month. However, you can PM me on FF dot net. I will delete any comments that contain endgame spoilers that show up before the end of the 30 days.
The boss: He made the first step. He sent me the phone. And I did write messages to him. I just never sent any. I think I did in the other timeline or Friday overrode my orders, possibly because the time-traveling Fitz told her to do it for the good of humanity.
Cuddle fiancé: No, they don’t like people that fight back, especially Wanda. She was with us because of the signing ceremony.  Although the Confederacy did kill the General for her insolence.
The new consultant: Which is what I need. Honestly, I don't think I can take dating Benji without you. Just being the cousin of a superhero is hard. I'm already terrified of getting a message one day that she's gone. I'm worried that's what I'm gonna find out when I go to the compound because nobody's telling me anything except for the Princess.
Me: Also at this point I think the Liberty Protocol is just leave him and Red Malibu in a room so they can fuck it out, the SHIELD protocol anyway. Really, we should have done that four months ago.
I apologize for this arriving so late. It was held up during the proofreading process because real life is evil. In the end, to get this up, the second half of the chapter was proofread by a grammar AI only. Although according to Grammarly, this chapter is in the 99th percentile, so fingers crossed, we caught everything. I am now looking for a new person to beta the SQL. Please PM me if you're interested. In the meantime, Grammarly will have to do.
I feel like this chapter is going to be extra fun for anybody familiar with comic book canon. Natasha is about to say some hard truths.
BFF Ned: Was that actually his brother? He’s the one that killed Ms. May’s fiancé the first time, right?
“I don’t have answers either, and you know I hate not knowing stuff.” Steve laughed at his joke. “I think whatever we do, it’s going to be a complete mess, but those people deserve to live. Yes, it’s going to be a mess. It was a mess when they left, and it’s going to be a mess when they get back, but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try.”
Purple Princess: An asshole. Also, the mastermind behind the battle of New York. This is why we’re busy. It’s all hands on deck.
Alternative summary: The State of New York believes that Tony should not raise a child, so his friends and AI Friday create an LMD teenager for him. It would be so much easier if his boyfriend were in the country.
Me: Don’t say that. I should be apologizing to you. I pretty much let her think that you were my boyfriend just so I wouldn’t lose face.
Nomad: Anthony was afraid of where things were going. He mostly went along with the Accords because he thought it was the best option to keep us all safe and together.
Venom: Actually, don’t answer that because I feel like your answer will be yes and I don’t have the energy. Not if I’m going to stay sober. Although is MJ’s cousin okay?
Tony would have liked to say that nothing between him and Steve had changed after the proposal, but in truth everything has; things that he used to do with Steve before that were normal to him caused him to flush, even if they were silly, kisses stole his breath, every kiss was like the first time they did it, leaving Tony breathless and wanting, and the most important for Tony was, being engaged to Steve cemented his relationship with Peter as a potential parent, though both Steve and Tony agreed to wait a little longer before telling Peter about the engagement, which was actually Tony’s idea, for he wanted to be sure that him and Steve will work 300% before breaking the news to Peter.
"This… this is madness, Tony," Steve started in a shaky voice his eyes darting from side to side as he took in the holo-screens that display Tony's research; part of Tony was a little angry about how dismissive Steve was, didn't the star realize that Tony had spent week holing in his workshop trying to work this solution, and Steve had the nerve to call this madness! "No one should use the Infinity Stones like this, not even in desperate time, they are unpredictable and uncontrollable and you want to create a war machine powered by one of the stones? Are you losing your mind?" Steve hissed seeming to get over his shock and turn his face to glare at Tony as if daring him to continue with this madness.
After many discussions between Steve and him, the two of them ended up hosting a get together with their family and friends to tell them the happy news; Tony was still so nervous about telling his friends about the baby, feeling like this was a dream he was passing through and that he would wake up from any time now, which would be more heartbreaking than Tony wanted to think.
Johann's forces didn't last two hours against the burly warriors wearing body armor and animal pelts, and their swords were no match for the heavy weapons the invaders swung with their terrifying strength. In less than a day, the Hydra Kingdom had fallen to its knees before the Viking, and now gathered in the throne room and fearing for their lives, the royal family and countless other royal servants along with what was left of their royal guard, awaited the final judgment by the hands of their conquerors, as much as it gave Steven a twisted pleasure that Hydra kingdom was brought to its knees, he knows that he nor his son or any of his friends are going to survive, it doesn't matter that Steven was one of the Vikings a decade ago, he will either be considered a traitor or a prize, and Steven doesn't really care because he knows that he will be either raped or killed by the end of the night, the only thing that Steven cares about is his son, and how to save him at all causes.
He laughs and smiles and I am not the reason why he does that. She is. Tony isn't into men. Iron Man doesn't like Captain America. He doesn't like me. He likes her. And I get so angry and all that I can feel is how much I hate her. Tears are running down my cheeks and I sob and I never want to feel like this again. I want him to be mine.
It's hard to remember how to breath when I am scared. It feels like....before. Struggling for each breath. My throat burning and desperately trying to breathe and stay alive. In...out....In....out. Soon I will be coughing and wheezing and I will suffocate. In.....out.....In.....out. I was never so scared in my whole life. Maybe I will die? Just collapse over and...at least the pain will end then.
“I wanted to pretend that I am a girl. So I could be with you.” He pulls me into a bone crushing hug that makes me feel small but protected.
“I am into you. That should be proof enough that I am not exactly straight! It's kind of obvious that I... So how did you plan this to go?” His hands move lower from my shoulders to my hips.
“He's not into men. He's not gay or bi and I want him.” Loki smiles and scratches his kitty under her chin.
“Therapy and meditation. Probably. There's no guarantee that it will stop the anxiety attacks but it will make them a lot better.”
“Don't.” I snap at him when he tries to grab my arm but I stumble and only his strong grip pulls me up again.
“Okay buddy, take some deep breath for me okay?” My chest hurts when I hear him calling me buddy. I want to be so much more than that. I am such a fool that I could think I could be a girl for him.
"I swear baby it was not me, I will never do that! You know me." Tony plea with the Omega as he followed him to the kitchen, hoping the Omega will understand, his words though only made Steve give an empty laugh, causing Tony to inhale at that.
"…The queen gave me this amulet for protection…" Anton said, causing a hushed whisper to go around as everyone gazed at the amulet and the king, wondering why the queen would give the king something like this when the two of them couldn't even stand one another when they were forced to stay near each other for a small amount of time. "The queen informed me that taking the oathbreaker with us will bring nothing but misfortune and death…" At that everyone turned to Tyber, their faces darken as they saw the Beta finally get out of his hidden place behind one of the trees.
But what made him bear going to the therapy every week was his baby's happy smile and excited eyes, and Tony's heart starts fluttering like crazy when his son stopped screaming and crying every time he saw a stranger, he even went and talked with the strange Beta 'Carol' who came to visit them one day and latched into Steve's arms complaining that the Alpha never comes to Shield anymore, and didn't train her anymore and that she missed Goose and she squeals two hours straight when she saw Peter and hugged him tightly… Dr. Ross says that the children are incredible survivor, and that in no time, his baby will be all healed and that for Tony to make the process faster he just has to get better himself because children can pick their parents' anxiety, but it made Tony purr in happiness at the thought that his child will be OK in the end.
"What were you thinking?" He remembered Howard screaming when he was driving him toward his home weeks later. Tony didn't give a care that his father was screaming at him, he was just so tired he wanted to go to sleep. "Are you even listening to me?" Tony hummed at his father, not that much interested in what he was saying until his father hit breaks and Tony nearly hitting his head in the nearest window if he wasn't wearing his seatbelt.
"Did you tell him?" Steve asked, causing Tony's smile to deem a little before shaking his head, causing Steve to frown a little at Tony, wondering why the Alpha or anyone of the Stark family didn't tell Peter about their relation. It must have shown on his face, because his Alpha gave him a small smile, and leaned down to kiss his cheek, even being a little taller, Steve now reached to Tony's nose, which Steve will never admit made him a little furious and turn on.
"Ah, yes, can you please direct me to…" Tony took the paper from his pocket to look at it checking the name once more, not like he haven't memorized it from how much he repeated that name. "Sam Wilson." Tony raised his head to see the man studying him a little.
Steve gave a tired sigh as he held his son and checked his forehead fearing that the baby was getting sick on him, the knocking on the door made Steve sigh tiredly and made his way to put his baby in his small crib only for the child to start screaming again, that made Steve groan and he nearly screamed his head off when the door was knocked loudly once again. "Coming…" Steve muttered to himself as he went to the door hoping that it wasn't one of the neighbors coming to complain about his son crying, again. "Can I help you, sir?" Steve asked as he opened the door blinking as he saw an old man in his seventies standing there… great he was going to get kicked out by an old man in a sharp suit.
"Just this once, foolish king…" Steven finally managed to choke out after what felt like forever, taking the Shield away from the Alpha and inhaling when he felt like a lost limb was back after many years passed. "If you repeated what happened early that day, the next time I will not be that forgiven, I will kill you," Steven warned, getting a nod from the king, which ended with him huffing. "You are an idiot for not listening to me… and I am staying away for the next fortnight," Steven stated with his head raised high, turning away from the Alpha as he continued to his people's house with his heart pounding loudly in his chest, many different emotions were coursing through him at the thought of him getting his Shield back after years of pain and suffering…
The groan he heard made him tense and look at the man, watching him as he opened his eyes a little, no more than a slight. "… Anton…?" That was the man's gasp before he raised his hand toward Tony like he was chasing a ghost before it left, and the younger man didn't even know what to do… though he didn't have to think about that long enough, because the man dropped his arm sudden… passed out…
Steve gave a sigh as he tried to ignore the way he felt when Bucky stormed out of the room; it wasn't like Steve didn't know what Bucky was feeling for him, it wasn't really hard knowing what the Alpha meant when he wasn't even subtle about it. The thing was, Steve was all about ignoring it until the problem went away; he was already married, he was pregnant, he had a family (Even if it was a mess of a family at this moment) and Bucky's feeling in the mix would have created nothing but a bigger problem than it already was.
"I mean you coming late last night after promising me to return home, you came home drunk Tony, you fought with your brother when he tried to pull you away from me! What do you mean I am making no sense? If someone you should call Bruce for then it's you!" Steve snapped, he was sure that his voice was loud enough to wake up the dead, he ignored how his husband gazed at him like he just killed his puppy, how dare his Alpha to look at him like that when it was Steve who was hurting on the inside?
