After my beta @ennis_november read chapter 19, she told me that the next chapter maybe should come with a bit of a warning. The last days of the holidays will begin for John and Sherlock, and there'll be... some angst.
“Christ, Matilda, stop that.” Her mouth and her small fists are full of sand. Sherlock abandons his sand castle model of London and hands John a bottle of
onto the bed. And with that, he could have left again. Even though he had been living in 221b for a few months last year, being in Sherlock’s room was
Behind his closed eyes the fantasy came back. Sherlock, panting and naked, his body faintly glistening with sweat. Now he was so real. He was there. Living
“Yes, mummy has put decades of planning into this. I hope she’ll be satisfied. I’ll just change my shirt. Be back in a minute.” And Sherlock heads towards the house.
They audaciously make Mycroft’s driver take them home. When the car veers away from the brightly lit house, John sighs.
Sherlock falls asleep. John looks at him. He is paler than usual. His hair looks different. His features, which have become so deeply familiar to John, seem odd to him, with the ginger-ish stubble on his cheeks and chin.
front of him, rushing to the street and hailing a cab. He felt like turning around and running back to the flat and
“No. No, I didn’t. Got a little lost in thought, I guess.” John looks at Sherlock and clears his throat. “It’s just...” He sighs, lost for the right words
One night a few weeks later, Matilda won’t stop crying once again. She has had a couple of really bad nights already and John is badly exhausted. She is
“Mrs Hudson, one question... Bit personal actually.“ Lestrade clears his throat and Mrs Hudson leans a little closer towards him.
“She’s very disciplined and straight forward. Very loyal. And – how do people say that? – she can set borders. Probably not the worst set of character
Mycroft’s presence is a silent offer of information about Mary. He doesn’t impose it on either John or Sherlock. But it is clear that he would answer any
was or what day of the week. Mrs Hudson looked after him, but he didn’t notice. The day after Sherlock jumped, he somehow managed to call Sarah at the
climbs up the stairs to John’s and Matilda’s bedroom without making a noise. He opens the door and peers inside. They are both asleep. He can’t see Matilda
never really allowed himself to wonder where she was now or what had happened to her afterwards.
of a sudden, his heart is pounding against his chest and he has to say something or he will combust.
made it into the changing room or how he got out of his dirty rugby clothes. He took a quick shower, ignoring how hard he was (the last thing he wanted
They spend the night kissing, undressing in the hallway, giggling, having a lot of champagne and a lot of sex. Neither of them notices as the clock in Big
Kingsley and his guy. He let me down in the end, too. And then Mycroft dragged me to rehab, finally. That's it. When I had stopped taking drugs, I didn't
Greg quite regularly. His life felt a little normal again. At least as long as he didn’t see mothers with small children. The ones around four or five
“Oh, you’re busy exploring the kitchen drawers again?” John asks as he comes in. Sherlock is sitting at the kitchen table. Matilda sits on his lap, busy
her life, her drinking. She was still a lot better at provoking and escaping than she was at handling things in a constructive, responsible way. Or at
John enters the café. He finds that Harry is already there, waiting for him on a small table near the large windows.
They didn’t talk about it and they only touched when one of them had had a nightmare. Which was mainly John. But sometimes, very rarely, Sherlock woke up.
“Well, maybe. Marge has everything organized with the catering service, but she might need a hand. Mycroft, you could join the boys.”
It was one of the good cases: Thrilling, complex, but after all clues had been examined, easy to solve. It came with a chase along Regent’s Canal, too, and Sherlock succeeded in stunning the whole Yard team with his deductions. So when he comes to an end with his explanation, both John and him are still high on adrenaline, but not exhausted. Lestrade is asking some more questions, but Sherlock doesn’t answer. “We have to go. John. Now.”
Sherlock takes another bite from his toast and another sip of coffee before he replies hesitantly, “Well. Maybe. What do you think, John?”
And so Sherlock lies down in the same position John lay, the sofa still warm from his body. Matilda is a soft, light weight against his chest. Radiating
getting changed and washing his face. He doesn’t wake Sherlock, just lies down next him. He has to wait quite a long time until his wildly beating heart
John is happy, this is more than he would have ever dared to ask. Additionally there’s the fact that some part inside John really wouldn’t mind if things
of their small town, this metropolis of boredom. He hated this life and he wanted something different. Something more. Maybe it would be best never to have
Trigger warning for a brief scene including a physical fight. (Not resembling what we have seen in TLD.)
clothes, toothbrush, pyjamas – but he doesn’t even bring his laptop. Their days are completely filled with feeding Matilda, eating and sleeping whenever
They lie there for a while, Sherlock’s hands playing with John’s hair and John gently sliding his fingers over Sherlock’s hipbones. He kisses them and
“Take your time. Your usual bathroom time on a Saturday morning is exactly 18 minutes. No need to hurry here.”
“Because… I can’t possibly stand the questions of why I still haven’t got a partner, why I’m always so rude and difficult and all that nonsense. For two days. If you would come along, play my boyfriend for a few hours, everybody would be pleased. And I wouldn’t be bothered by family and friends poking at my private life.”
Matilda, she stays for a homemade caffé latte. When she has finished her coffee, she kisses Matilda on the forehead and says, “It was wonderful with your
“Yes. It’s her birthday at the end of June. Since she turns 75, she has decided to have a little party.” Sherlock’s face expresses agony. “We’re supposed to stay from Friday to Sunday, and Mycroft will be coming as well.”
Sherlock’s cock twitches as John caresses it, Sherlock closes his eyes and sinks into the cushions. John takes both of them in his hand, rubbing them with gentle pressure, slowly.
“I have never been very afraid of dying. But I am now. Even when I was on the plane to Serbia in January, I didn't dare taking all the drugs I've had at
Mycroft lifted an eyebrow. Sherlock was curled up in his hospital bed. He looked as defiant and hurt as he sometimes had when he had been a child. But
John stares back. The shattering glass and the noise, the mere violence seems to give him a strange satisfaction. He breathes deeply. Inhales. Exhales. Inhales. Chokes. Coughs. Coughs some more. Coughs quite badly. Tears rise in his eyes as he coughs even more, carefully walking to cupboard, fetching a glass and getting some water.
He was still angry about being fooled. And at the same time relieved he had told Sherlock something after all. It was as close to the truth as he could
“Oh John, John, John, oh God..." Sherlock is completely undone. John takes a moment to look at him. He doesn’t want to ever forget what Sherlock looks like right now. He envies him for his mind-palace.
now. His father drank harder than ever and his mum drowned in depressive moods. And it became clear to him that a boyfriend absolutely was not what he
less. He sometimes asked Sherlock to join him. They had dinner at the pub again, which was quite nice. And they talked some more. Despair and apathy very
shirts, still wrapped in plastic after the last dry cleaning. A pile of t-shirts on a shelf in the wardrobe. The socks. Indexed, apparently.
skin, his aftershave and something underlying to all of this. Him. Sherlock kisses slowly and luxuriously. He doesn't hurry or push too far too soon, even
“…that boy. He was a bit like me. He was lucky he has made it today and will likely live to see tomorrow morning.”
“And quite dedicated to you, judging by the way he looks at you.” Ruth nods in Sibyl’s direction, who is talking to Sherlock now. John can hear their laughter and Sherlock casts a look at John that makes him blush.
Sherlock hesitantly lets go of John’s cock and rises to his feet. John draws him into a hungry kiss, groaning when he tastes himself in Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock stops fidgeting with a pen he had taken up a few moments ago. He looks at his brother and stretches out his
this time was surely one to remember. There was a hand job. He actually touched a cock that wasn’t his own. He
After a few days of watching him crawl helplessly through the house, Margaret Holmes took him to the vet. Later on she called Sherlock to ask him to spend
I will do a little travelling next week. I will do my very best to squeeze in a little time and sneak some wi-fi
“John, if the muscle tissue in her heart looked the same – how would that affect her physical condition?“
worried he might pass out while he is in the bathroom. So he stays right in front of the half closed door.
curling in one of his half-crooked smiles. He can’t stop smiling himself. He feels Sherlock taking his hand and squeezing it firmly. John squeezes back as
often. But apart from that he is patient and strong and strangely omniscient in Sherlock’s eyes. He is impressed by how he isn’t intimidated by the usual
later on. The air is a bit chillier than before and heavy with summer night’s scents and the chirping of crickets. The breeze carries
bricks. He was just about to say good-bye to her and kisses her forehead once more, reluctant to tear himself away from her.
was asked for help. He and John spent a considerable amount of time checking warehouses and hunting people around the city – just to end up with nothing.
The night is a mess. It takes ages until she falls asleep and when she finally does, she wakes two hours later, crying again. John kisses Sherlock’s naked
A dove’s cry wakes him. He can’t tell how long he has slept, maybe ten minutes, maybe half an hour. Sherlock is gone, John finds him down on the beach, throwing stones in to the sea. How different he looks here, John thinks. Without his Belstaff, but with wind-blown hair and sun in his face.
He withdraws his fingers and sits up, takes the lube and spreads it on his cock. He leans down to Sherlock, the
“There are hardly any people around at the beach.” John rolls on his side, facing Sherlock. “Anyway, I know what it feels like.”
and how Mycroft once broke his arm just around this corner when they had snow one Christmas holiday.
years later, making room in his mind palace for more important, more fascinating things. For the time being, it kept him alive. Boredom and loneliness made
Sherlock is still looking at the mess Matilda has made as if trying to figure out a particularly challenging problem.
was back. He went on stroking his hard cock, feeling a bit more complete again, reclaiming his old self a bit more. It felt good, all of this,
“Now what was that, Matilda? Should one be so shaken by walking in on his flatmate in the tub? It’s not like I’ve seen him naked for the first time.“
door. He hadn’t been in there a lot before Sherlock had jumped. And so far he hadn't been able to make himself do it. He stood in front of the door,
“Oh Mycroft, have you started searching our parents’ attic for long lost childhood memories?“ Sherlock asks with a hint of mockery in his voice.
persuasion from Mycroft, Sherlock finally promised to make a list from now on. During the days that followed, Mycroft tried to talk to Sherlock. He was
guides Sherlock to the bed, somewhere between helping him and gently making sure he comes along. Sherlock couldn’t resist even if he wanted to. He enjoys
“Yeah. Just got a little overwhelmed. I mean, I know it’s all completely different now. And it’s so much... better, really, Sherlock.” He pauses. “I don’t
He scans through the DVD collection of Bond movies, smiling. The last present is just an envelope. Opening it, he finds two tickets for a rugby match.
John carefully tears away the paper the gift is wrapped in and finds a stuffed little flower made of plush.
It is the first time in he doesn’t know how many months that the future doesn’t look dark or intimidating. Even that doubtful little voice is quiet. That
Carefully he tries opening his eyes. Light. More pain. Quickly, he closes his eyes again. He tries to remember what has happened.
bloody Scotland. The road was endless and seamed by green hills with sheep. John dozed off again, lulled to sleep by the constant noise of the engine. It
“God, you've got a fever. And your heating doesn't work. Why didn't you say anything? Come on now, John.“
I’m not a doctor or otherwise medically trained. I heard about a heart condition like that, but to be honest, I’ve made all the details up, sorry.
The next few days resemble this one a lot. They stay in the flat almost all the time. John does indeed sleep a lot and while he does, Sherlock works on his
Sherlock started the car and drove to the road. It was the A82, the signpost said, but John had no idea where they were. He must have been thinking out
“Yeah, quite a lot actually.“ John sits up and puts his feet on the floor. He stretches and gets up, too. He taps to the door, yawns and says, “Let’s go out. Grab something to eat. Bit of walking might... be nice.“
to the dark bathroom and closed the door. He didn’t switch on the light in order not to wake up Sherlock. He sat down, leaning against the cold tiles. And
robbery. The culprit had a rare form of diabetes which required special medication. John was able to track the providers down even quicker than Sherlock
So many thanks to @isitandwonder for a very creative brainstorming session about what Sherlock and John would do when they finally… well… do it. It’s been a pleasure.
The fantasy lasted, though. After a year, Sherlock’s face started to blur in his dreams. His voice got lower. More distant. But his kisses and touches were
Turning around a corner to the changing room, John bumped into Rob. John looked at him in confusion.
John has to close his eyes again, the pain in his head is getting too bad. But the relief in Sherlock’s voice is audible and John is sure his mouth is
He has to think of his own mother, how she dealt with two small children – Harry was barely two when John was born. His father was no big help, at work
Later on, when the sun finally starts to set, the leftover food and the dirty dishes are taken to the kitchen and a second bottle of wine is opened. Sherlock takes off his shoes, sits sideways on the bench and puts his feet onto John’s lap. John absent-mindedly starts massaging them, which makes Sherlock groan in surprise and delight. And this stirs the butterflies in John’s belly once more. They do not seem to get any rest this night. Margaret lights a few candles and they sit in the garden until it gets close to midnight. Marcus starts yawning first and he and Margaret leave after a while. Mycroft takes his time to finish his wine and then goes to bed as well. When John and Sherlock are on their own John says, “You do actually have a nice family. And you grew up in a beautiful place. You never tell.”
his. He starts moving his pelvis, desperate for the touch and the friction. John stops kissing his nipples and groans at this. He takes his left hand
than happy – to be kissed like this by John, he could go on for aeons. John’s ragged breath brushes over his face. John’s fingers run along his back, down
After an eternity his sobbing ebbed away, his voice was hoarse and gone and he got up. He couldn’t look at the other things in Sherlock’s room. The picture
Sherlock doesn’t show any signs of complying to John’s request. So John places Matilda on the floor, puts the parcel next to her and opens it himself.
“But most. Of all. You kept me from giving up, which I was about to do before I moved in here. About to give it all up. You saved me. More than once, as things went on.
To prevent himself from getting lost in thoughts like these, he offered Sherlock some help while he was investigating a – rather tedious – case of art
“No. The case was perfect. But I had asked Mrs Hudson to look after Matilda, so we could just… hang around, watch some of Bond movies, order in… like we
Finally John managed to rise a few inches and took both the painkiller and water. Sherlock put the glass back on the nightstand and switched the lights
from another one of his bad dreams, he would feel Sherlock's hand on his arm in a caring and reassuring manner.
enough to make Sherlock growl in despair. John’s fist around his cock and his fingers on its head are incredible, more than he ever felt doing it himself.
It has been ages since John has taken a shower with someone else. And when he did, that someone never was a man of 6’, taking up more space in the tub than
John pants harder, thrusts harder, and Sherlock knows he is about to come. He breaks up his kisses, “Fuck, Sherlock, oh God, holy fuck... Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock, oh... my... God...“ and spends himself.
his legs. Sherlock makes a little room for him, briefly looks at him over his paper and goes back to reading. John realizes he hasn’t brought a book or
Sherlock smiles at him. When they close the black door of 221b behind them a few minutes later, John puts down the car seat with Matilda still sleeping in
And so his whispers turned into sobs, voiceless at first and later on, tearful and mourning. When there were no more words to say, they sat together in the
“You’re hungry again? Is your belly better? Maybe you should have some fennel tea then. That’ll help you.“
As they settle down in their relationship, it becomes fairly obvious that John is quite fond of blowjobs. He can't get enough of Sherlock's tongue swirling
A door opens. A group of tourists leave one of the rooms, a family, heavily packed with rucksacks and bags. When the family has passed them, the moment has passed, too. It feels odd.
They go to the beach again the next day. Just as the day before, it is deserted, they are the only ones around. And without having spoken about it,
John is breathing hard and ragged. His cock is aching and desperate for friction and the sight of his fingers entering Sherlock's body and slowly pulling out again is almost enough to completely undo him.
He called Ella and went back to therapy. After he had moved into the apartment, he tried very hard to stop drinking on his own at night. It drove him mad
cautiously, his hands stretched out to make sure he doesn't run into anything. He hears his own breathing, feels the adrenaline pumping through his veins.
the bedroom door. John adores the sight of him. His long, slender and yet muscular torso, his beautiful, pale skin, his nipples, his navel, his slim hips.
Sherlock takes John's hand and takes him to the bedroom. He strips down John's t-shirt and the pyjama bottoms and undresses himself. Suddenly they both
follow Mycroft’s example. Mycroft was glad about all of this, although a little alarmed by how close the bond between Sherlock and his dog was.
Sherlock opens the bottle right there on the back seat. The cork is popping loudly, shooting against the roof (the driver turns his head at this) and
of the shopping bag almost pulled him down on his way back to Baker Street. He didn’t remember how he made it to the flat and was grateful he didn’t meet
this kind of life, in here. And this wasn’t only a question of being interested in blokes and birds. That was why he played rugby. That was why he pushed
Matilda has a close look at Bee and reaches her hands out for it after a while. Then she manages to get one of Bee’s soft antennae into her mouth and coos
he had found a purpose. As a child, he had considered it his task to look after his younger brother. And, thinking that Sherlock was the only one who
“Difficult to say. But I have heard about similar conditions where a young healthy person suddenly collapsed and died due to failing muscle tissue in his
Now that’s something John has always been a bit afraid to think of... Given the fact that he had been thinking about what it would be like to be more than flatmates with Sherlock. Maybe even fantasizing about it.
But one Thursday afternoon, John got a text calling him to an abandoned complex in an industrial area in the east of London. One of the suspects, Jonathan
“Yes, Harry told me so. And that you always wanted to watch a really big rugby match when you were little.”
He can see Sherlock swallow when he clings his fingers into the waistband of his trousers and shoves them down. And he hears him inhale when he pulls down
They agree on seeing each other soon, so John will get to know Melinda. With another hug, Harry says goodbye. And John has to admit this was the nicest
says, “Let’s go to bed. It is getting a little chilly here.” Sherlock bows down to him, kissing John gently.
The young doctor reminds John to rest a lot and, once more, instructs Sherlock to make sure he spends most of his time in bed.
Sherlock's hands slide down from his head to his shoulders and back. His fingernails scrape down his skin. He feels Sherlock pulling him closer and rolling
“Yeah, sometimes. But, well, that’s the way I want to have him. This life with him is the best thing I’ve ever had.”
John lies down with her, pressing his lips on the exact same spot on Matilda’s head Sherlock has kissed her.
again, they kiss and kiss. Without the needy edge of desire, but purely enjoying their intimacy and the fact that they can do this now, that they are this
He turns, naked except for his pants. Sherlock is in the tub, just partly covered by the foam on the water.
Sherlock sits down at the edge of bed and hands John his gifts. John unwraps the first one, it is flat and rectangular, but too light for a book.
eased a little. He was slightly out of breath, sweating a bit, but he felt the breeze in his face. He felt alive. The sun was gone. He should probably go
He follows Sherlock to a small garden gate. From here, a narrow path leads past a few trees and meadows. During the ten minute walk, John feels the light breeze getting stronger, he hears doves cry and waves he hasn’t heard before. The lush, rolling landscape turns into something rougher and more wind-blown. The meadow ends abruptly in a steep cliff. Sherlock stops and looks at the sea, blue-green-grey like his eyes.
John thought. He tried to find Jonathan’s pulse. It took him ages and John’s tension grew. But finally, there it was – light and dangerously slow.
Sherlock puts down Matilda and her little bucket on one of them. John opens the sunshade and puts it up. Then he just lets himself fall into the warm sand.
He moves, aligning his breath with the motion of his body. He lets his cock go deep inside Sherlock with every thrust of his hips, and almost slide out
Hudson questioningly. She grinned, she heard it, too. There was a tiny lisp. Not easy to hear and not every time there was an ‘s’. Once John had noticed
“I’m afraid I can’t let that happen, John.” He kisses him, teasing him a little until John sighs. “Stay in bed as long as Matilda is still asleep. I’ll
Sherlock’s tongue plays with his slit, slides along the edges of the head, applies just the right amount of pressure to make John gasp. He takes him in his
bows down and draws him into a long kiss, faintly tasting of tooth paste. John sighs. “Bit tired for sex, though.”
to do at the British Museum and the café isn't far from there. He kisses John swiftly on the cheek to say goodbye. Sometimes he does that, not always, but
absolutely supposed to stay in bed, no work, no stress, no tv. Do you have someone to watch over you?”
Sherlock senses the tension behind those words and doesn’t insist on explanations or details. “Let’s go to bed, John.”
Sherlock takes it, takes it on his hands instead and whispers, “And I insist on doing this myself. I want you to watch me.“
, he sits back on his feet and watches. He watches Sherlock, stretched out on his back in front of him,
John realizes and his heart skips a beat. He stands in front of John, who has risen to his feet too, suddenly looking a bit lost and unsure.
John got up to fetch some painkillers. Sherlock accepted them without any fuss. He lay down and turned on his side, facing John. He looked at John’s hands
, he must be somewhat attached to him. He was grateful for this and he often thought that he maybe shouldn’t hope for more. Surely this,
John didn’t really know what to say. He felt incapable of deciding anything these days. He had no idea what Sherlock was up to.
first, then, losing it all, hard and desperate. He comes with a long sigh and the tension in his beautiful body evaporates. The amount of come in his mouth
When Sherlock leaves John’s bedroom, John has his eyes closed and pulls Sherlock’s pillow to bury his nose in it.
The next few days were like a numb, grey, cold cloud. Papers had to be signed and arrangements to be made. They did what had to be done, although it was an
the weekend at home to say goodbye to his dog. He would be taken down at the beginning of next week.
out of the bottle best. She swallows greedily. After some minutes, she drinks less hastily. Her eyes fall shut and she opens them again, taking a few more
They did and after a while, John talked. For the first time. About how he saw him jump. About the days before. The months. All the time he spent with
“Oh shut it,” Sherlock says with a hint of laughter in his voice. He gets up from his chair, puts his laptop aside and walks over to John, who is standing
Sherlock manages to get up before he gets hurt by glass shards splattering from the table and stares at John.
and the head – before falling into a rhythm of stroking. John’s breath sounds a little ragged now. Sherlock applies more pressure. He moves a tiny bit
“Lestrade. I had called him beforehand and he arrived just in time to catch Jonathan Miller. He tried to escape and to shoot Lestrade. Lestrade shot back
So Sherlock goes up to John’s bedroom again when he has finished brushing his teeth. John is lying on his left side and Sherlock lies down on the other
, it is John’s birthday. Sherlock had been in an oddly excited mood the days before, full of vim, and John gets an
“Try not to mess it up this time, John. It would be nice if one of us managed to be happy after all.“
When his hand is gone, John licks his entrance one last time, pushing in his tongue. Sherlock squirms, panting, and John draws it out, enjoying this.
John smiles at him, still not sure if he can believe what has just happened. He feels so close to Sherlock, he can’t stop looking at him, taking in the way
John would catch Rob’s glimpse and hold his gaze. Rob looked at him fiercely, determined, challenging him. John. Not the player from the other team playing
A few weeks after Redbeard’s death, Mycroft had clear evidence that Sherlock’s life was getting out of control: He attended even less of his lectures, he
Usually it is himself who cares about others, both professionally and in relationships. He is still adjusting to this. He doesn’t quite know how to handle
“Aaaah, you still want to do movie nights with me then. And there might actually be some Bond films we haven’t watched yet.”
Sherlock’s gaze on his head as he moves up and down, taking his cock as deep as he can and then slowly let it glide out again. He tries to do that what
“Sherlock, I’ve got to eat something. It’s past two already and it’s been a while since breakfast. I’m starving.”
. Nobody has lips like you. Sherlock. It takes more strength than I have not to fall for that. And you’re bloody brilliant, being Sherlock Holmes and all.“
could see now how much he had been lying to himself. When Mycroft had finally found out about the extent of assassinations she had been involved in and was
The food is marvellous. There is a buffet with finger food. John can’t tell what it all is, but there are loads and loads of different things that look wonderful. And none of them bear the slightest resemblance with their usual take-away stuff in London.
He closed his eyes and sat there for another minute, just trying to grasp all of this. Sighing, he grabbed a towel, cleaned himself up a bit and washed his
“Sherlock, most of your trousers are so tight they don’t leave much room for interpretation. Still, I’m glad to have it confirmed. You have a surprisingly plush behind.“
John makes tea, just to occupy himself doing something. After the excitement at St Bart’s and their kisses, things are back to being complicated now. All
towards Sherlock and before he can open his eyes, Sherlock is kissing him. And it is exactly like the morning before. So amazing and so unbelievable,
“I want to touch you, Sherlock. I want to do things to you. I want to undo you. I want you feel every bit of pleasure your body is capable of.“
John leans against the desk, he is panting hard and Sherlock is increasing the speed of his breathing with the motions of his mouth. Suddenly, he stops.
and when his tongue touches Sherlock’s entrance, Sherlock makes a high-pitched, incoherent sound, totally taken by surprise.
conversation any more. He is even too tired to look after Matilda. After a while, he gets up and murmurs something like
looking pale and exhausted. The second soldier follows. John looks at this odd group. It is making its ways down the ward to the elevator, taking Mary to a
The meal passes and John tries to spice it with a few “Would you hand me that water, love?” and similar sentences. (That special dialogue went on with “There you go. Some wine as well?” – “Yes please, sugarnut.” This actually made Sherlock choke on his food and Mycroft’s jaw drop.)
They stroll around Marylebone for almost an hour, when a black limousine drives past them very slowly, coming to a halt a few metres in front of them.
The party is quite nice. John recognizes a few people from the Diogenes Club and government officials he usually only reads about in the newspaper.
and Molly turn their heads as John enters. Molly hasn’t met Matilda yet as John hasn’t been on any cases and she is obviously delighted.
Such as telling his mum to pull herself together, to stop acting as if she were just a victim of this whole sodding situation. To keep her head up, to
“You’re unbelievable, Sherlock.” He kisses him. “But yeah, I do think I might be in love with you, too.” It feels surprisingly right to say this.
illustrious details about how he made sure Mr Hudson was sentenced to death. When Mrs Hudson got up to open a second bottle of sherry, John noticed that he
They lie in bed a short while later, after John has been to the bathroom himself. He was looking at his reflection in the mirror as if asking that other
Matilda is whiny and crotchety all day. They take turns in looking after her, distracting her with toys and picture books as good as they can. She falls
while passing them. They have brutal faces, the kind of look John recognizes from his father’s booze buddies. He can smell the beer they drank. One of them
Harry’s homosexuality for all the problems she had. For all the trouble she made. Their dad stopped talking to her completely, being rather a
“Yes, thank you. That’s really nice of you.” John gently shoves her through the door (Sherlock can see she tries to hide a big grin) and closes it again. He sighs in relief. “Now that was more than… close, wasn’t it. Sherlock, we
the buttons of his shirt. John looks at the white skin that is unveiled, his naked chest and arms when he takes off the shirt. He watches him slip out of
It also becomes fairly obvious that Sherlock is quite fond of rimming. One day, when they just come home from one spectacularly triumphant case, Sherlock
that left the New Scotland Yard so puzzled that they had to ask for Sherlock’s help. But when they had come to Richmond and talked to Jonathan’s parents,
time, drew changing and showering out until all of his teammates had left. He went outside on the hallway. And he found Rob waiting there, his hair still
I have no idea how I’d have survived this year if it weren’t for him. Nobody has ever done that for me. And this is what really thrills me and leaves me
delightful friction against his. He does his best to take up Sherlock’s rhythm and goes on touching him
Sherlock's hands let go of the sheets. They travel restlessly over his own shivering body, shoving his long fingers into his dark curls, caressing his
all day. He is just feeding Matilda, changing her nappies and her clothes. Managing to eat something himself and having a shower in between. Trying to
Sherlock crawls close to him, wrapping his long legs around him and cuddling his head against his chest. After a while, he kisses John’s skin.
Sherlock sits down on the floor next to the sofa. A few minutes pass in silence. Then he asks, “What was it like? Birth?“
“Absolutely. We will get immensely drunk on his expensive champagne and eat as much posh food as we can.”
But despite whatever Sherlock had planned in advance, things work out differently. Sherlock’s phone rings when they have just started breakfast. Even
“Oh, Sherlock, you’re too kind,” John finally sighs when he gets a glass of water himself. When John sits down in his chair again, Sherlock casually says, “So. Three-continents-Watson.“
After three weeks at the cottage, John felt a bit better. He was still hurt and sad, but when they headed back home the exhaustion wasn't as bad as it was
“Might as well get rid of these,” John whispers as he undoes the buttons of his shirt. Sherlock leans down, kisses his neck and John almost stops undressing. Sherlock notices his pausing and tugs down his shirt. He looks at his bare chest and the scar.¬
John follows him and into his bedroom, Sherlock starts undressing him without many words. He kisses him passionately and John kisses back, small moans in between. He unbuttons Sherlock’s shirt, opens his trousers and Sherlock drags him to their bed. Sherlock impatiently pulls down their pants and he lies on the bed. I have to say it, he thinks. God, this isn’t... easy. And he says it, his words not much more than a whisper: “John. I want it.“
last weekend with his dying dog. When Mrs Holmes told Sherlock the next Monday night it was all over now and that Redbeard had been put down, she had no
“Oh fuck.” Sherlock can hear the laughter in his voice. “I don’t even manage to be angry at you without making a fool of myself.”
though John is quite sure nothing could ever get too far too soon when it comes to kissing Sherlock. His tongue feels so
the end of his life. So he was thankful when one of the nurses from the clinic asked him out for dinner one day. She seemed to be nice, but he didn’t know
in France in 1998. I met a mysterious dark-haired boy there, shared cigarettes and red wine with him, went swimming (almost) naked in the Atlantic Ocean and we kissed. Sadly, that's been it. I've had a good little heartbreak over him.
When Harry thinks they are out of earshot, she steps closer to John, who is putting their dirty plates into the sink. “You’re shagging,“ she whispers.
entry then.” John can smell his aftershave, his skin and his hair, feel his breath on his cheek. His heart beats faster and his mouth goes dry.
anything else to read. His mobile is out of reach. And he definitely is too tired and too lazy to get up again. So he just leans into his chair until his
And without waiting for a reply, John ends the call. He sits on his chair and stares at his phone's dark screen for a long time.
room filled with steam. He stood in the shower for long minutes, doing nothing. He felt his head getting heavy and his whole body ache. The hot water
Sherlock likes watching John with Matilda. Their gentle intimacy, the calmness and safety John radiates. The lack of sleep is still wearing John down quite
went back soon. In the cottage, John found that the electric heating in his room wasn’t working. He tried to fix it (mainly by pushing different buttons
brutality of combat and war – and, after all, what Sherlock must have been through, was nothing less – can hardly ever handle that sight.
himself to be best at it, why he threw himself into hard work and discipline. That was what made the idea of joining the army appeal even to a
“Don’t you think that shirt is just a bit too tight, Sherlock? You really need a bigger one, dear,” Margaret points out, looking at him sceptically.
After they have finally agreed on the wine Margaret urges them to sit down (“John, Sherlock, you two sit in the bench together, and we take the chairs”) and to start eating before the food gets cold. It feels weirdly normal. John doesn’t quite allow himself to feel as part of the family yet, but… it’s just
“I think I’ll just go over, ok?” John says when he has recollected his thoughts enough to speak in proper sentences again.
Harry is curious about their everyday life, asking a lot of questions. John tells her hesitantly, but after a while, he gets a little carried away with it.
stay. He stretched a bit and almost let out a small groan. He still saw him, eyes closed, his chest heaving and coming completely undone. John was
knows no one can tell him how things will work out between Sherlock and him. There is no guarantee he won’t ever be hurt by Sherlock. There never is. But
In Sherlock’s bedroom, they undress each other, and feel the tension building up. The sex they have had throughout the last days was rather about intimacy
strength and her success at rowing, she started giving her sister her own drugs. She hadn’t considered that her sister would react to it that badly,
potential of danger (John assumes there must have been some kind of talk with Greg in the past). He keeps the flat free from hazardous materials and if
“Yeah, pretty much. It’s… well… it is definitely a bit unusual. The physical thing is quite different.”
The cab takes them to John’s house in the suburbs. John carries Matilda into the house while Sherlock pays the cabbie and gets the bag.
the horizon stretched no further than to that shabby little company his dad worked for, to the next pub, to the gossiping neighbours, to the last streets
And Sherlock does give John a blowjob. This time it is John whose body is glistening with sweat, who pants curses into the pillow, who gives whispered instructions (“Sherlock, Christ, yes… use your tongue, yes, like that…”). It is John who comes undone under Sherlock’s lips, who clenches the sheet and cries out Sherlock’s name when he comes.
John actually liked the idea. He had seen Greg only once or twice since they had returned from Scotland.
living with a man. And especially a challenging man like Sherlock. No bothering about how to live your life with the person you love so much that it tears
Sherlock, still wearing his dressing gown, sits down next to John. They're both leaning against the headboard, stealing forks full of food from each
The sequel is at 57k - more than half of the fic is beta'ed and finalized, the rest is plotted and half of the remaining scenes are already written. I plan to start posting within the next four weeks, with updates weekly or every two weeks. Stay tuned!
overlaid by hooting cabs. The chatter of people passing by him. This was the sound that sneaked through open windows into their flat, the background noise
slides his finger down his cleft. Sherlock’s breathing accelerates and when John brushes over his anus, he moans. Sherlock spreads his legs a little wider
They lie there for a few more minutes, then John tries if his blood circulation is back online enough so he can go to the bathroom and clean himself up a
Later that day Sherlock told him to get his things packed. There would be a train from King’s Cross at nine the next morning. And there would be car in
addition, she had been going through a worse phase of drinking. In the aftermath of the wedding and Sherlock being shot, they didn’t have any contact
“You know, John, Sibyl and I have been in love since we met at that dormitory of Waterperry Gardening School. I have seen times that were quite different. It makes me so happy to see things have changed.”
John got the idea that Greg might have called simply because Sherlock might empathise with the whole situation. A highly intelligent, solitary student gets
“Serbia was the last group. I got caught. I had gotten caught earlier, I had been in prison and I hadn’t been treated all too well either. But Serbia was
Barely audible, Sherlock murmurs, “The universe is rarely so lazy… she even lives at the Barbican. Let’s go and pay her a visit.”
“Fuck me already, John,“ he breathes and John thinks he is about to lose his mind from the way his voice sounds.
sure if he ever sleeps. It’s really quite difficult. Then he... actually he shut me out completely. He said he didn’t want to see me anymore. He isn’t
They walk away quickly, turning around the corner onto the main street just twenty yards away. The noise from pubs is louder. John is still out of breath
I'm insanely grateful for the amazing comments I get here. You have no idea how much this means to me, how much your thoughtful feedback supports me. I can't thank you enough.
Sherlock wants him have a look at some drugs they have found at the victim’s house. When they are finally done at Lestrade’s office and packing their
When Sherlock and John return in the late afternoon, they find a few friends of Sherlock’s parents in the garden. Some waiters are carrying trays full of glasses with white wine and sparkling water.
By half past ten they have progressed to pleasantly, but impressively drunk. They are standing next to one of the large windows and having a look at the
There was nothing left for John but to take his bags and leave as well. He took a cab and went to Harry’s place.
went to university and finally signed up for the army. Not until meeting a certain commanding officer at an Afghan camp. Not until Sherlock Holmes offered
They are, indeed. Sherlock turns on his side. He swallows hard, about to get lost in a wave of emotions he had struggled to keep at an arm’s length for
started talking a bit. Rob was in his last year at school, he was going to university after the summer holidays and probably would stop playing in Oakham’s
“There they are, Matilda, look,“ hums Mrs Hudson as she opens the door. Matilda happily waves her arms at her fathers, squeaking with laughter.
large windows allowing a lot of light into the house. There were two bedrooms. Sherlock told him to take the smaller, but brighter one. It had a large
evaluation of the DNA tests. They had received the results much quicker than John would have expected.
After a minute, Sherlock reaches for the drawer in the nightstand and fishes for a bottle of lube. He opens John’s hand wrapped around their cocks and
Mycroft’s phone beeps and Mycroft takes a short look at it. His eyes shine for a split second when he reads the text.
. But the anger boiling inside him adds a bitter note to all of this. He doesn’t know how to participate in the
speeds up. He climbs into bed and over Sherlock, filthily kissing that obscenely plush mouth of his. Sherlock moans and takes John's cock into his other
“You know, when I left her, I was just tired. I was so disappointed and hurt. Now it’s different. I am furious sometimes, but I don’t know with whom. With
all the tension in his body to derive some kind of energy from it. It was the only time of the day when the apathy wasn’t weighing on him heavily: He
In the afternoon, as John is just having a shower, Sherlock is standing at the living room windows, playing his violin. John has opened the windows earlier.
“Because I am of the opinion that you might not be aware of the outstanding position you have in my brother’s life.“
stands in the spray of warm water and feels the echo of Sherlock’s kisses on his lips, he can’t help wondering what they would feel like on other parts of
he typed anew and hit the ‘send’ button. He took a deep breath. When he exhaled, the phone pinged with Sherlock’s reply.
“Agreed. No secret cigarette stash in your Persian slippers or anywhere else in this flat. If she accidentally eats one of those, she’s dead.”
John goes back to stroking Sherlock. He pulls his shirt out of his trousers and slips his hand underneath the dark charcoal shirt. The way Sherlock’s skin
John was handed his daughter, wrapped in a warm towel. Mary was still sedated. She had had an emergency c-section after the baby’s life signs had gotten
“Hello, Matilda! Oh, you’re so lovely! And so big! Oh, just look at these blonde curls,” she exclaims, and then she sees her son covered in baby vomit.
“No, not really. Just walking. Thought we could have a stroll along the main street of the town. Enjoying the night.”
a bit harder... yeah...” John thrusts against Sherlock, desperate for friction himself and madly aroused. He sneaks his hand between them, puts it around Sherlock’s cock and lets him fuck into his hand.
Their kisses have lost their tentativeness, they turn bold and genuine. John has never been so aroused just by kissing. And he won’t get enough of it. He
more. He looked at Sherlock turning his back on him as he had been doing ever since he woke up in hospital. And finally, when he really didn’t know what
buttons of Sherlock’s shirt before they even enter the bedroom. Kissing him in between, Sherlock is pulling the hem of John’s shirt out of his waistband,
They talk about a couple of other things – the latest gossip from the Yard, a few new colleagues of Greg’s, Matilda and the rugby match on tv. John orders
and talk to someone, he didn't enjoy it and badly wanted to be on his own in his flat. But as the months went by, it became less of a self-induced
For the next couple of days John was struck by what Sherlock had told him. He went outside a lot, walking through Regent’s Park. Marching out in the cold,
He hears Sherlock snort, it might be a laugh. It takes him a while to relax. He listens to Sherlock’s calm breathing and his whispered corrections of the outdated science book. Eventually his eyelids get heavy and he drifts off to sleep.
“I think Jonathan and Maurice were lovers. And Maurice just… left. Leaving him in that bathroom to die on his own.”
“In Eastern Europe, I tried to find the splinter cells and subdivisions of Moriarty’s network. I made sure its leaders and members were sent to prison.”
Sherlock was careful, he knew Mycroft would keep an eye on him. When he thought it to be too dangerous to get cocaine himself, he asked the son of his
warmed up a bit. When he touches Sherlock again, he hears him exhale vocally. Sherlock sighs a “Yes” and John gently presses one finger inside him.
When they enter the flat, the familiar scent of home is mixed with Indian spices. They find boxes from an Indian restaurant on the kitchen table, far more than usual and from a far better place than where they used to order food. It smells delicious. John takes Sherlock’s coat and hangs it on the hooks in the hallway right next to his own. When he returns to the kitchen, Sherlock has gotten himself a glass of water. He drinks greedily.
first job at the government. But Sherlock found out, no matter how carefully Mycroft spied onto his life. He was furious, his mistrust grew and he withdrew
They remain silent for a few minutes. There are so many things going through John’s concussed brain. He can’t yet find the words to talk about them. So he
Sherlock frowned. The atmosphere changed. But he gave in, after a moment’s hesitation, took off his shirt and turned his back towards John. He had seen
Perfectly. He had the same anger boiling inside him, the same feeling that he was different. This house was too small, his parents were too narrow-minded,
his shoes and socks, opening the buckle of his belt and stepping out of his trousers. John’s breath goes a bit faster and he feels how he is getting hard.
“I... I think it started after he came back from that weekend he spend at home. Something happened to his dog. He’s never been very open about himself, but
“Silent!” Sherlock hisses, “If she leaves the staircase before reaching ground floor I won’t even hear it because of all that noise you’re making!”
It is Friday night, the pub is already crowded when they get there. They find two seats at the bar and Greg orders two pints. The beer tastes great on this
He walks to a group of chatting elderly people, puts his hand at John’s shoulder and says, “This is Dr John Watson, Sherlock’s boyfriend. Please don’t scare him away, right? John, these are Ruth, Sibyl, Henry, Violet, ...” Sherlock’s father adds a few more names. John looks into a lot of smiling faces and shakes a number of hands. The women introduced as Ruth and Sibyl stick out a bit. Ruth is small and radiates so much kindness and something like... wisdom, it’s almost tangible in her presence. Sibyl is a bit taller and her eyes sparkle with thoughtfulness.
skin. After a while, John starts kissing a line up to his collar bone, his neck and when he reaches his chin, Sherlock dips his head and hungrily kisses
“You’ve also got a mild traumatic brain injury, a concussion. You need to stay here tonight. If you are feeling ok tomorrow, you can go home. But you are
“Do you have a date here, John? You know, we’re not in America, we don’t have any pretty cheerleaders to snog you after the match!“
hushed breathing, the soft, wet smacking of lips and tongues. John is completely lost in all these sensations.
John slept in his room. It had been one thing to sleep in Sherlock’s bed in Scotland. But it was something completely different in 221b. John regretted it
own heartbeat and, from afar, his own voice cursing “Oh fuck…” He pushes in deeper, millimetre after millimetre into heat and tightness and
John carefully pushes into Sherlock, but he can’t, he can’t go slowly and gently, not after watching
and John finally agreed on some expensive DNA tests. The results were devastating. First, there was a genetic problem. John checked his medical journals
They hadn’t talked since the wedding invitation disaster, although she had sent him an e-mail a few weeks ago. She was sober and had been to rehab. John
the campus. The room had been abandoned, a little messier than usual. And traces of cocaine and heroin were found.
successfully, though. Bored with her job, but not frustrated. Happy with Melinda. Thinks about marriage.“
turns towards him, slowly getting closer until John is leaning against the wall and Sherlock is kissing him. Neither kissing as frantically nor pushing him
I have actually started writing a sequel and that hotchpotch of dialogue, finalized scenes and plot notes is at 14k already. :) Still I can't promise I'll manage posting it before S4 airs.
. Sherlock saw how John tried to overcome his well-worn patterns of denial and fear and he was quite impressed.
He smiles, happy and shaken and tired. When he closes his eyes, inhaling Sherlock’s scent that is lingering in the cushions, he suddenly has to think of
John feels obliged to comply. He promises himself he won’t show his disapproval as openly as Harry did when she met Mary. Matilda starts making noises and
and thrusts against John’s cock. It’s almost too much for John to concentrate on doing anything with his fingers when Sherlock’s cock puts the most
John breathes heavily. His hand is touching Sherlock's more firmly. Feeling it, its muscles, its strength, the beautiful, elegant bones underneath his
When Matilda wakes up at twenty to three, it is Sherlock who gets up, changes her nappy and does his best to make her get back to sleep. She finally does
Ruth smiles. “More than fifty years. And lesbians weren’t exactly a topic that was openly discussed back then. I didn’t even know what was happening to me. Unable to take my eyes off that tall, slender beauty. She was a bit intimidating. And fascinating. It took me ages to find out. I never thought I might be interested in girls.” Her smile turns into giggles and John can see the young girl she used to be.
Harry looks at him. The sadness, the restlessness and the defeat that have been lurking in her eyes ever since she left Clara are almost gone.
A group of three drunk men comes to the campfire, talking in French. They're looking for trouble — and apparently find it when one of them spots John and Sherlock holding hands. The men shout a few homophobic insults at the two of them. John gets angry, rises to his feet, confronting the intruders. Sherlock follows him immediately, and as John notices a beat later, all of their friends, literally stand up for them. Before anything happens, Arnel makes it clear that this behaviour is not acceptable. He recognises the men, they're staying at the campsite as well. He threatens to inform the owner, to have them thrown out of the campsite and to call the police. Finally, the drunk men leave.
Neither of them said a word for a very long time. Sherlock played. John sat in his chair, lost in the melody, not thinking anything at all. When Sherlock
what their parents had had in mind for her. She rarely called, only when she was sure their dad would be at work or at the pub. She never visited, but John
And so the three of them end up together for afternoon tea every few weeks, having their little well-worn crosstalks along with tea and Mrs Hudson’s
things found their way into Sherlock’s bedroom, even though he still kept his clothes in his wardrobe upstairs. His pyjamas. A cardigan he forgot to take
When John removes his fingers, a shudder run through Sherlock's body. John carefully pushes his cock into the tight wet heat and goes still for a moment, holding Sherlock's narrow hips. There is nothing but their breathing, their pounding hearts and the water on their skin. When he starts fucking Sherlock,
him… sexually. And now we’re there, he loves me as well and the sex is fucking amazing. And I really don’t care whether this makes me gay or bisexual or
Very, very special thanks to @links, whom I asked for help with French indie music (my favourite French bands of the 1990s -
things to keep their lives going. He is weirdly exhausted and he hopes it will get better. Somehow. Some day.
“Well, really, you should be. If I were Sherlock, I wouldn’t know if I’d try to be the one person you need or if I’d kick your ass.“
with water and he hears Sherlock’s voice telling her to stop. Their talking and laughter is being carried away by the wind. Sherlock moves in the sea with
Interesting, Sherlock thinks, it seems to start working. “Oh. You swear too much. Apart from the shocking effect on innocent -“
Coming down had been bad this time. He had tried to get some clonazepam for the the time when the cocaine was wearing off, he even texted his dealer in advance. Miracle how he had remembered that just after taking the cocaine in the first place.
And so he started rugby again. Another reason to leave his dark and alien room twice a week. He rarely talked to the guys from his team and they didn’t
warmth of her little body, hears her little breaths and watches how sleep is about to conquer her mind. He takes her to bed while Sherlock has a shower.
When they reach the small hill in Primrose Hill Park, they find the benches all empty and sit down. The view over Regent’s Park and London is very nice indeed. As if the metropolis was situated in a huge garden scenery.
and more friendly. Could support John’s mood, actually. And prevent foolish ideas such as getting a new flat mate. (Sherlock is quite sure John didn’t really mean to move out – again – but just to play it safe, he does the best he can.) Foolish idea, Sherlock thinks one day as he actually should be thinking about some cold cases, it is a foolish thing and a foolish idea how much he enjoyed being close to John and how much he wants that again.
...“, Sherlock hears John pant, feels the last deep thrusts as John reaches his climax. John collapses over him, sinks into his chest, breathing heavily and still murmuring his name, like some sacred incantation.
,” Sherlock retorts with delight. “But maybe he feels the need to impress his fellow Etonians or people from the Government. Who
Re-reading this chapter before posting I realized that there isn't much of a prelude... so you have to take the smut straight ahead.
“Just writing an e-mail to Lestrade, there are a few things he should bear in mind when doing the paperwork for the Barbican case.“
He hands Bee back to Matilda and pats her belly, then he is at his laptop again, trying hard to focus on his case.
actually... haven’t been easy and maybe it’s time I got my head up again. Just. You know. Leave it all behind.“
Fifteen minutes later, they arrive at the Holmes’s house. But instead of going inside, Sherlock takes John’s hand and walks past the house into the garden.
Sherlock’s scars, but he had never examined them closely. Also, he had never asked about them. He hadn’t been sure if he could take hearing about how he
Sherlock puts the small espresso machine on the cooker again. While he waits for the water to boil and vaporize, he spots John’s phone between the package
John catches Sherlock’s gaze and adds with a voice that doesn’t really allow contradiction, “Kneel down.”
to touch. Sherlock is always a bit of a mystery, always a bit unpredictable. John never quite knows what he is up to next. But, after all, he is fairly
John has just fed Matilda and is about to change her nappy, when his phone pings with an incoming text. Sherlock.
When Linda is gone, John puts Matilda in her crib. They heat up their cold take-away in the microwave and finally have lunch. John has lost any sense of
John takes his cock back into his mouth. Sherlock sucks in the air. He leans back, propped on his hands and
she instructs John about how to change her nappies, gives advice on feeding, burping and how to take care of her healing navel. John asks a few things and
John’s mouth goes dry. He swallows and licks his lips. He still isn’t sure if he understood correctly, but he follows Sherlock.
The rest of the day they both are a bit flustered. Neither John nor Sherlock can yet completely understand the fundamental change that has just taken
being filmed... And there were a Canadian doctor, an Australian journalist and a French UN employee... Things got a little heated up. I’ve just had sex
And so he went, once again, to pack his things. Two bags, this time. He took his time. When he had just said good bye to Mary for the last time and was
seemed to rinse all strength from him. Suddenly his knees were dangerously weak and he felt his field of vision narrow down...
her play. Suddenly he is very, very aware of her small body against his naked chest. He kisses her head while she splashes in the water, too fascinated to
He wakes two hours later. It's the middle of November, it is getting dark outside already. Sherlock has switched on the lamp on his nightstand. His hand
of the bee. The periodical table. The things on the shelf, he never knew what they were about. John walked out of the room, knowing this would be the last
“I want you to touch me. And I want to touch you. Only you. Only ever you, I don't want anyone else touching you. I can't bear thinking about anyone else
intertwined with his own. He can definitely feel Sherlock’s cock against his upper thigh. With a flush of embarrassment and excitement he realizes his own
“Well, there were cats found dead yesterday morning in front of their owners’ flats. Strange thing is, they were laid there quite deliberately. And the
“Yes, Mrs Robinson died and the house was sold. It’s being completely renovated, they’ve been working on it for weeks and weeks. All that noise, Sherlock,
“How do you mean, Mr Lestrade? ... Ooooh... Yes.“ She smiles and Sherlock hears the pride in her voice.
carefully thrusting against his fingers. He is biting his lower lip and smearing precome from the head over the length of his cock.
“Maybe. But I think we’d have to run some further studies on how much you swear exactly during sex.”
They aren’t this close usually, but he opens his arms, allowing her to hug him. He breathes in the familiar scent of her dark blonde hair.
“But I guess we need to clean this up before I tell you more about it. – No, John, you stay right here. I am supposed to make sure you spend most of the
Sherlock’s skin is soft and warm. And leaves John unable to stop. He touches his eyebrow, feels the soft stubble on his chin and follows the elegant curve
Sherlock starts carrying some chairs to place Margaret has obviously pointed out. John does just the same. He hears Sherlock’s mother shout, “Oh Mycroft, now leave your laptop, come outside, roll up your sleeves and
“Yep. There might even be some treasures buried in the sand. I haven’t been there in ages. Let’s go.”
“Yeah. Could even walk up to Primrose Hill Park, it’s right next to Regent’s Park. Might take a while, though. Have you been there, Sherlock? You’ve got a really nice view from over there. You can sit on a bench. You can even smoke, if you have to.”
John has some more food and his empty wine glass is miraculously replaced by a fresh one. He makes a few jokes with his pretend-to-be mother-in-law and enjoys himself so much he almost forgets he was looking for Sherlock.
John sits down on the queen-sized bed, vaguely wondering why a teenager had such a large bed after all. He inhales deeply, trying to calm down and to
“Yes, yes, yes, John, come on.” Sherlock sounds impatient. “They managed to bring me up, they will be able to handle our daughter. Bye, mum. Bye, dad.
That night, when Sherlock puts Matilda to bed and he helps Margaret laying the table in the garden for dinner, she stops what she is doing and smiles at
likes himself about blowjobs, curious to find out how Sherlock will react to it. He gently sucks at the head and lets his tongue glide around it. When he
TW: Minor character death, graphic depiction of violence and murder in the last part of this chapter. And heavy angst. If this isn't your thing, please stop reading at the paragraph beginning with
catching his breath. John kisses his chest. A little moan escapes Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock lies there, enjoying the gentle touch of John’s mouth on his
Sherlock was rather tense as they rushed to Maurice’s place. When no one opened the door, Sherlock picked the lock within a minute. The room was dark, the
He gave the cabbie Harry's address. He hadn't called her beforehand, but she was at home, already in her pyjamas when she opened the door. John looked at
TW for description of alcohol abuse and a dysfunctional family. Also there's paragraph where John thinks of his first time with a girl. Does this need a TW?
John licks his lips and feels a blush rising on his face. He quickly looks at Matilda again who is currently very busy playing with Sherlock’s dad and some
the early stages of being just a bit overstrained from handling a curious four months-old. He takes both Matilda and the musical box and leaves Sherlock
use that small Italian espresso machine to make coffee and even heated some milk. So when Mrs Hudson comes back and brings a very happy and well-rested
lost track of Sherlock and his dad's discussion about science. Margaret has asked him about his work in Afghanistan. She was quite open and he liked that.
is all tiredness. If she is happy, she is happiness with every cell of her body. She makes him calm down, shuts off his thoughts. He does quite need that
whatever it was, was closer than Sherlock had ever been to someone else. But did it include… a relationship? A different kind of physicality than holding
They fall asleep eventually, the stressful past days finally take their toll on them. When they wake up late the next day, they’re sticky and messy and happy, and life seems to start anew. Time to make things right.
Ever since they started having sex about one and a half months ago, it has been like that – wanting and needing always equaled giving and pleasing.
him on his belly. Sherlock has come back from the sea and kisses his chest, water dripping from his curls.
“Garden house. My mother uses the green house next door for some of her plants and this room is her study in summer. Sometimes, when we were children, we
shifts, talking to the doctors, deciding on which further tests should be run. For a few weeks, no one found a reason why the little girl was so weak. Mary
He has done that before. He is a doctor. But this is a completely different situation. While he has always tried to be as careful, gentle and professional
He takes Sherlock’s face in his hands, pulls him near and kisses him again. He draws the kiss out playfully. Sherlock’s hands start wandering over his body. He feels Sherlock’s thumbs over his nipples and suddenly becomes aware of too many layers of cloth.
“Bedroom, maybe?” John suggests. He tries to put as much calmness in his voice as he can, but he is quite sure it shakes nonetheless. He clears his throat.
her. With myself for falling into her trap. But it’s over and I take it she has been dealt with. So – I try to let go.”
In case you want to listen to Chris Isaak's wonderful "Wicked Game" and Nirvana's "Where did you sleep last night", you'll find them on this
He looked at the shirt he had just taken off as if he wondered how the hell it got there. And went to the bathroom. When he came back, dressed in his
TW: Mentions of period-typical homophobia. Blood and graphic depictions of a superficial head wound (no serious injury, and it's neither John nor Sherlock).
fingertips. He would gently graze his balls. And then… speed up a bit. Touch him more firmly, leave him panting hard.
When he opened his eyes, the car was silent. Sherlock had parked on a car park next to a loch. The scenery had changed completely: The green hills were
“Washing myself. It's been 24 hours since I've last had a shower. I've chased a criminal through a warehouse, I was wounded and passed out. I smell awful.”
was torn, he felt almost as guilty as he had felt when Sherlock had been dead. At the same time, the sensation of being this alive and himself again was so
He had never given it much thought – but just as he liked a girl’s breasts, the shape of her body, the smile she would give him, he had always liked the
“We should ask my parents to look after Matilda tonight and I’ll take you out on a proper date. There are some nice restaurants around.”
He kisses back and now it’s Sherlock who lets out a small moan, half in astonishment, half in arousal. John feels his chest against his, Sherlock’s legs
They talk for a long while. Harry tells John about her new job and a woman she met at the library. She looks good as well and hasn't been drinking in
When he takes his eyes off Sherlock’s mesmerizing lip and looks into his eyes again, he nearly drowns in those green-grey-blue irides. His heart goes faster. He can’t move when Sherlock leans toward him a bit, tilts his head and pulls John closer with his wet hands. Sherlock’s lips brush against his, feather light and warm. They rest against each other for the blink of an eye, then John exhales and kisses back. Moving his lips, Sherlock opens his in invitation. When John’s tongue touches Sherlock’s, John feels like coming home once more tonight. Sherlock tastes like spices and Sherlock and feels absolutely breathtaking. Sherlock pulls John even closer, not caring about John’s shirts getting soaking wet and water running over his face where Sherlock touches him. John’s hands run through Sherlock wet hair, along his neck, his collarbones. They dive into the water to touch his chest.
John kisses a line from his mouth down his neck to his chest, all the way to Sherlock’s nipples. His kisses are not light and flickering anymore, but wet
“Later on, we could get back to where we had to stop last night,“ John says, each word a huff of warm breath on Sherlock’s skin.
“Yeah. Think of it. He doesn’t want to get you involved in anything that might remind you of your baby and your marriage. So he sticks to fraud and other
lingering in his mouth. He is aroused, he is excited, he is vibrant with lust and life – but he isn’t nervous, not anymore. They have established their own
her, how to change her nappies and clothes. Linda comes over a few more times throughout the next days, checking on Matilda.
and sucking and teasing. He loves the taste of Sherlock’s skin and the way he shudders under his tongue’s swirls. Sherlock is slowly being taken apart by
Street, he finds the flat perfectly clean and the fridge free of body parts. Sherlock and Mrs Hudson have already gotten rid of all dangerous and grisly
“You shouldn’t only swear less, John Watson. You should worry less. What are you still so worried about?”, Sherlock whispers, more to himself really. He watches John’s chest rise and fall with the slow, steady rhythm of his breath.
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson,“ Sherlock intervenes with a hint of impatience in his voice. He kisses Matilda on her blonde hair and adds, “Let’s go upstairs.
“Off. Get that off.“ John pulls his pants down and Sherlock feels incredibly naked and incredibly right at the same time.
Sherlock lets his hands travel down John’s sides. He can feel him shudder as his fingernails graze the sensitive skin. He hears him gasp into their kiss as
“It makes all sorts of funny noises when you squeeze it. And the petals and leaves rustle. Babies love it, I was told.“
Saying that, he turned, opened the door and headed straight for the bathroom, leaving John standing in the hallway, confused and drunk.
on his own. And he absolutely doesn’t mind the narrow hospital bed which makes Sherlock sleep so close to him.
faster and draws teasing little circles onto the wet head of John’s cock, just as John did earlier. He is taking in each of John’s reactions. The speeding
when he tried it on first. And even though he was still wondering how Sherlock got his measurements, he had to admit he never owned such a well-fitted
Sherlock looks at him, a little taken aback. Then the slightest smile curls his mouth as he whispers, “Love you, too, John. Always have.”
John takes a glass of water from one of the waiters. He wanders slowly through the garden when he hears Sherlock’s father.
“Some of these things haven’t been used in years. Others are deployed so frequently that I can’t tell you all the performances for which they’ve been used.
instead of in his chair. Sherlock takes one of the library’s books and lies down to read, his head leaning against John’s thigh. He briefly looks up at
John looks a bit angry, looks as if he was about to say (shout?) something, but yet he breathes deeply, sighs and seems to give the whole idea a second thought.
unusual choking noise from her. Matilda is throwing up. And she quite hits the neck of his jumper with her vomit. Warm milk – an astonishing amount of warm
“Oh, you really should. But be aware that this might set off one of Mummy’s monologues on how little you come and see them and that you really should have
At first John wondered why Lestrade had asked them to come. This was a case for the drug squad or whatever. Certainly nothing like a locked-door homicide
the open sea and the mountains on Jura. Sherlock produced the key out of some secret hiding place. Inside the cottage it was just as beautiful: It had
They shake hands, he refills the bottle and grabs his violin from the living room. When he passes John on the way back to the hallway door, he brushes his
There are rather few people who have accomplished that. So Mycroft doesn’t touch her if it isn’t necessary, doesn’t stroke her hair or fumble around with
“Take your time, John,” Sherlock whispers. “I’ll be downstairs and try to make sure my parents don’t feed Matilda chocolate biscuits.”
worst part of the traffic jam behind them. The cab is almost back to something like normal speed.
Sherlock’s mouth curls in an unreadable smile. They are interrupted by the waitress bringing their food. They start eating and the food is delicious.
This night, John doesn’t wake up. In fact, he wakes so late in the morning, he is a little disorientated. It takes a minute to realize where is he is.
endorphine high. He reaches down and starts stroking John’s cock and John can’t help but hiss, “Oh fuck,” and he knows he won’t last. It just takes him a
His heart ached as he understood how much more this was about love than about mere sexual desire. It ached at the sheer immensity of what he felt for him.
“I… I bought these for Sherlock, just a few days ago, he likes them. Fucking Christ, Sherlock… what has he done? What has he done?”
“We spent every minute together. And once, when I thought I had lost her, I realized I never wanted to be without her again. That I wanted her. ‘To hell with conventions and decency,’ I told myself and kissed her. And it seemed to be just the thing she had been waiting for. Oh dear, that was a long time before you were even born.”
Matilda seems to have inherited that special ability, even if in a slightly different way. She absolutely quiets his mind and lets his thoughts come to a
doesn’t want to get up just yet, so he stretches out his arms and legs and moves them through the sand a few times. After that, he does finally rise to his
A huge thank you to everyone who has commented and left kudos. The feedback on this fic is leaving me lost for words and incredibly grateful. I’m tearing up reading your comments on a regular basis. I’m so happy you’re all taking this trip with me.
“Hmmm… I think you said something about his cheekbones and his eyes... And now that I think about it, maybe you've also mentioned his mouth and his hands.“
Things are still rather busy and will stay busy - so the sequel is progressing rather slowly, but there
Matilda kicks at the water. John walks in a little further. When Matilda can touch the water with her hands, he holds her carefully and tightly and lets
“Just tell me if you need something. I’ve got this soap downstairs, smells really lovely… Lavender, I think.”
Sherlock’s hair is messy, his eyes half-closed, his cheeks slightly flushed with arousal and his lips... John can’t possibly think of his red, obscenely
and switching it on and off several times). In the end he got himself a heavy woolen plaid from the living room to put it atop his blanket. He hoped this
“If we exchanged the kitchen table for a slightly smaller one, they might actually both fit into the kitchen.”
They have dinner early and Matilda falls asleep quickly that night, as if she knew John and Sherlock are desperate for some time on their own.
Sherlock opens his eyes, looks at John and simply says, “Thank you.“ He splashes water on his face and washes the rest of the foam off. “Better?“
John’s own orgasm rolls in like a wave on the shore. He can see it coming, building up and when it finally crashes over him, it is perfect and blissful. It
Barbican Centre with all the concert halls, cinemas and libraries and the residential compounds. Lestrade waits for them near the large residential towers.
John starts touching Sherlock’s nipples, gently twisting them until they go hard and Sherlock sighs. Then he cups Sherlock’s face with his right hand. He
“No, for God’s sakes, I’m not coming to investigate on your three dead cats. And, after all, it’s John’s birthday today.“ And he adds, more to himself
the fact that John wasn't bloody frightening alone actually... helped. After a while, when there was nothing left but emptiness and exhaustion, his crying
tiny cheek. Only minutes later, he falls asleep, his limbs heavy from the whisky and his mind peacefully blank.
John is lost for a reply, he can't recall the last time someone called him beautiful. He opens the first button of Sherlock’s shirt along with a whispered “May I?”
in Sherlock’s voice, even though he is trying to speak calmly. He opens his eyes and sees Sherlock’s face
I was searching for a song John and Sherlock could listen to on this day, and I asked my amazing @ennisnovember. This is the song she told me, and it's perfect. I know that many of you might not like The Cure as much as I do, music is always something that mostly works when you're into that special kind of music. It works for me, however, and captures everything so sadly, and perfectly. Thanks, ennis. <3
From here, things go downhill. Mycroft does actually show up in 221b the next day, but if it was him in the black limousine the night before, he doesn’t say so. Sherlock deletes what Mycroft wanted the moment he leaves the flat. John is at work, takes an extra shift and watches a lot of telly. A case turns up, an annoying one, but Sherlock is grateful it keeps his mind at least a bit distracted. John is back to quite a temper and three or four days after their chase through Marylebone, he is having enough when Sherlock is running a new experiment involving specimen of human tongue in the kitchen.
But things aren’t exactly simple. After all, this is Sherlock. John knows that he isn’t as cold and as detached as he likes other people to think – the way
The next day was awful. John felt horrible. His physical pain added to the pain he felt inside. He was completely miserable and spent most of his little
One night he went home with a bleeding nose (his opponent looked far worse, after all he was a soldier, he had
place. And even though they aren’t as shaken as they were that morning, the weight of Sherlock’s revelation still lingers. As do Mycroft’s words. They make
touches the strained buttons on Sherlock’s shirt. His finger slips from the top button to the next and the next and the next. Just touching them.
took him to his bed. When John wanted to ask if he really should stay here, his voice croaked and he couldn't speak.
He gently pushes him from the living room to the kitchen, tenderly shoving Sherlock forwards until he touches the table with the back of his legs. John
They lie in each other’s arms until they've caught their breaths again. John can’t let go of him, and neither can Sherlock. They kiss, short, open kisses,
Just as John is about to get light-headed from want, Sherlock seems to read his mind and turns around, bracing himself against the tiled
“You’re a strong little girl, Matilda. That’s good. Look, there’s your dad. He has lived here before. He likes this place, too.”
interest rate. The rest he would take for him and Matilda to live on it – so he isn’t forced to work at the clinic as long as she is very small.
“You look well, too, John. Never quite pictured you as a father, but you seem to be happy. At least a lot better than you did when Mary was still around.“
“Oh, we’re quite elegant, aren’t we, Sherlock.“ John huffs out a small laugh and kisses him as Sherlock lies on top of him. His hands wander along Sherlock’s back, up his neck to the back of his head. Sherlock is intensely aware of John’s cock pressed onto his stomach, he feels how hard and strong it is, feels the wetness soaking through the thin cotton of John’s pants. John starts to move his pelvis very slightly, taking up a hint of a lazy, rolling rhythm. Sherlock’s breath hitches and speeds up as John brushes his cock with his hips, and when John’s hand trails down, slides into his pants to touch his cock, he starts panting into John’s mouth.
suburbs with Mary. And you really think this will keep you from getting into trouble again. Keep you safe and calm. No bothering about loving a man. About
Sherlock smiles. Matilda seems to be looking at him through dark eyes with the curiosity, understanding and agelessness of a baby that is looking at the
pulse he can feel under his skin, the small moans, the way his kisses turn sloppier and filthier. It is hard to catalogue him while John is touching
Now they started talking at the same time. Even though this whole thing wasn’t funny at all, both John and Sherlock had to smile.
rituals, have gotten to know each other this way. Although they are still exploring, still finding out and still have so many things to discover, both of
After a while, Sherlock says while his hand is awkwardly inching a little closer to John's, “There are things I want to know, too.“
While Sherlock prepares breakfast – including espresso – John’s phone beeps on the kitchen table. When the ham is just ready to be eaten, John comes
circles over the wet head, then he strokes the shaft with his whole hand and lets his fingertips graze his balls. John loves it. And Sherlock is panting
“Towel”, Sherlock replies a bit breathlessly, and John hands him the nearest one. Sherlock gets up, dries his body hastily and gets out of the tub.
it has on John, within a few minutes he is panting. He frees his long legs from the sheets and turns around to John, kneeling in front of him.
“You never cared a for even second any effect anything you say has on“ – John obviously swallows a curse –  “
“Your parents didn’t understand Harry and they didn’t support her. The conflict evolving from that made the situation at your home worse. Your father was
“But, most of all, he’s Sherlock. And it seems that everything he has been doing for years was trying to make sure I’m safe. Or happy. Not to mention that
“It’s quite close to your spine… Have your vertebrae been x-rayed after that... happened? Maybe they were injured as well. The scar looks quite bad. Is it
as possible, that was nothing compared to how slowly he approaches Sherlock’s body now. Finally, he glides inside him surprisingly easy. It is hot and
They eat the leftovers from lunch. John watches Sherlock. Seeing Sherlock eat – really eat, not nibbling on two biscuits while he is occupied with
“Come here, Sherlock. Need to touch you. Need to lie down.“ His voice is rough with desire and Sherlock obeys John’s words like a siren song, steps out of his trousers, following him to the bed. Stepping over pieces of clothing with half-closed eyes and his focus on anything but walking, Sherlock trips, stumbles slightly, just enough to lose a bit of balance and leaning into John. John steps backwards, then the bed is too close, and bumps onto the mattress. Sherlock tries to hold him and is pulled down instead.
John looks at Sherlock questioningly. “’Don’t wait for us?’ I thought we were just going out for dinner?”
John closes his eyes. He concentrates on the light strokes of Sherlock’s hand on his chest as he unbuttons his shirt. Sherlock runs his hands over his bare skin, his stomach. When one of his hands touches his collarbones and shoulders, his other hand runs from his pelvis up along his spine. John shudders. These slender, elegant hands, which he has secretly admired countless times when he watched Sherlock playing his violin. They are touching his skin, caressing him, down his spine again, his lower back, his ass… Sherlock tightly grabs his cheeks and John leans into the touch, moaning. He can’t help but touch Sherlock as well. He reaches for his broad shoulders first. Then he imitates Sherlock’s movement and lets them travel down his back until they rest on the delicious curve of Sherlock’s butt. Sherlock sighs and kisses him again, harder this time. John pulls Sherlock’s pelvis to him.
And with that, with this talk and with Sherlock’s promise to wait for him as long as it takes him to figure things out, something inside John shifts. Just
As time passed, John stammering changed from “It can’t be true” to “I saw him, Greg, I saw him. There was nothing I could do. I saw him jump. I saw him
He thrusts into Sherlock’s body, slowly and steadily building to a faster pace, riding that wave that promises to become a crashing orgasm. Sherlock groans, curses alternating with John’s name. They stay at that wordless high between escalating arousal and climax for countless circles of rolling their hips against each other, searching for friction and bliss.
They ascend the stairs and, once in their flat, both slip off their coats. The flat is silent, all they can hear are their sped-up breaths. John slowly
and sucks at John’s fingers. John starts stroking him, not quickly, but not tentatively, either. The thrill of the case has the same effect on Sherlock as
“Did you hear that, Matilda? Your“ – John considers the word carefully, but he can’t find anything more suitable – “grandma made it for you.“
He opened the door, wondering when Sherlock would recognize it was him. When he heard his steps climbing the stairs or now, already giving himself away by
John has to think of his parents’ shabby, shady backyard where his mother tried to grow a few sad strawberries every year.
they are, he takes John’s hand, opens the cab door without a word and pulls John along. He doesn’t let go of John’s hand while he unlocks the front door.
“Because you’ve given him a ton of crap advice twenty years ago and now you want me to fix it for you.“
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, he is hurrying out of the elevator, trying to find the right direction to get to Roussel’s flat.
of Sherlock. But he also was the spoilt child of rich parents, who loved wild parties and had way too much money and contact to people that might impose a
manners gave him the air of someone holding much more responsibility than he actually did. He was in his mid-twenties, just finished university and got his
“Holmes! Took me a minute to recognize that posh, arrogant face of yours. Is that your little boyfriend there?”
the bed and then there is the mattress underneath them. Sherlock pulls John onto him, he wants to feel the weight of his body on him. It helps him
The little girl’s death had torn a hole in his heart. It was like the gun shot in his shoulder in the first months: Aching with every breath he drew into
John pulls him close and kisses him, fiercely, and as Sherlock realizes that fierceness, how much it is beyond just a casual mood of want, the blurriness is gone and his body feels as strong as if cocaine rushed through his veins. Sherlock is still over-aware of everything happening right now – John’s eyes fixed on him, his breath on Sherlock’s face, the heat radiating from John’s body, the delightful smell of him - and he catalogues every detail about John he senses.
John's heart skips a beat when Sherlock says ‘gay’. It is really bloody obvious, but it is something completely different hearing it from him. John briefly
Eventually, the music stops and Sherlock comes back to the kitchen. He even has a slice of the pizza and some tiramisù. And astonishingly, he refrains from
“How about asking Mrs Hudson if she’d look after Matilda for an hour or two? She offered do to so a million times and maybe...“ He trails off.
“I’ll eat in a minute, when I put her in her crib. Oh Sherlock, you should get started, it’s getting cold.“
rearranges the pieces of their history to a new picture. A picture that makes a lot more sense and aches so much.
fascinating and even more brilliant than usual, but when he’s off it... like a different person. He doesn’t talk, doesn’t eat, doesn’t go to uni. I’m not
theatre – meant everything to me. I was part of it, I had achieved what I had always wanted. And then it didn’t take any more
It took him hours until he could go back to bed. Sherlock had left much sooner, the painkillers and the alcohol had made him tired. John stared at the dark
chat. When Sherlock finally enters the bedroom, John has almost fallen asleep with his book on his chest.
around Clapham. They had searched several places where the burglars might have hidden their quarry. For some reason, this was mainly outside or in some
He is heavier than John, but less fit. And rather used to pub brawls than trained in combat. John parries a few ill-aimed punches. When Evans goes down on
future of confinement and penalty, just as Mycroft had planned it. When he had proved she still was an active assassin, an essential part of Moriarty’s
him. He stared at something only he could see. He didn’t talk very much. Half a week later, Sherlock intervened.
sleep while she does. Going to the supermarket or doing the laundry. Sometimes there isn’t even time for that. He is busy all day doing the most basic
“Regent’s Park? It’s so lovely there at this time of the year. Well, maybe I should join you. My doctor said just last week that it would be good for my
manner. And Sherlock lies in John’s bed, fully dressed, asleep and curled on his side, facing Matilda. John sighs and goes downstairs to the bathroom,
it, he couldn’t pay attention to what Sherlock was saying, but just listen if he would get it wrong again. It was endearing. Mrs Hudson giggled a bit more
“No alcohol for at least nine months. Rather determined to stop drinking for good. Therapy, dealing with childhood issues and alcoholism. Rather...
Evans and his friend are still on the floor. Sherlock looks at John. He is lifting one corner of his mouth in a smile and is definitely a bit impressed. He
with boxes and containers. Even though it was abandoned years ago, it is still stuffed with things.
Falling asleep and waking up next to Sherlock became a comforting routine. His assurance for a less painful night. After a few weeks, a few of John’s
win (which rarely happened), the other team would remember whom they played against. He knew all of the teams from the rugby clubs around.
“Yeah, Mrs Hudson, I’ll… I’ll help him.” John offers. “That… wasn’t Sherlock’s fault. Well, not completely. Right.”
own. When Sherlock said they needed to get some groceries, he went with him, incapable of making up his mind about something like shopping lists. Sherlock,
He had just dreamt of having sex with the man who was sleeping next to him. Who had been allowing him into his bed to protect him from his nightmares. John
“Greg, apparently John has discovered his great love for cats and doesn’t want this gruesome crime to go without justice. We’ll meet you at the Barbican in
mirrored by his fingers on Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock shivers and moans. John kisses his open mouth, playing with his tongue, gently sucking and biting his
Occasionally they played against Oakham. They were rather good and John had to fight hard to get the chance to score. His counterpart was a player called
from playing in the water. She is asleep within a few minutes. John feels wonderfully lazy and is already dozing off when a spray of cool water drops hits
After two minutes, Sherlock lifts his right hand, cups John’s head and pulls him down into a kiss John is not ever going to forget.
Tired from whisky and bad nights they go to bed a little later. John doesn’t stop touching and stroking and caressing Sherlock’s belly until they are
promise from Lestrade that there will be neither dark alleys nor murdering madmen. Sherlock hurries to get to St Bart’s while John and Matilda have
ago. He stopped. No tube. Not after tonight, when he had feared he would be blown up in a tube compartment that turned out be a giant bomb.
“Oh.” John laughs. Then his voice sounds more earnest and he turns until he lies on his side, looking at Sherlock.
He has never seen Sherlock so vulnerable. He has to think of how he was lying in bed with him, on that first morning he woke up next to Sherlock. When
. It is bloody amazing to feel his skin, the slightest hint of a stubble. He smells Sherlock's hair, his
While it had been difficult to cope with the situation earlier, this left John stunned. His daughter (
traits in a relationship with a recovering alcoholic. No debts, which is uncommon for Londoners her age. Bisexual, but no relationship with a man in the
Inquiries confirm that these pieces are, in fact, their costumes and props. The papers are attached to the props when they are being cleaned or repaired by
He wants to say something, but his lips are numb, so he just kisses Sherlock’s skin, moist with sweat. Sherlock’s fingers comb through his hair, caressing
John is holding his breath. Then he draws it in in a sharp inhale, trying to swallow down the lump in his throat, as Sherlock takes their past apart and
Special thanks to Ariane DeVere for transcripting the episodes of BBC Sherlock. The dialogue about the Carl Powers case is based on
visit to St Bart’s and even Molly can’t cheer her up, so John decides to take a cab back to Baker Street. When he is just on his way, he gets another text
as the girl told Harry afterwards, she wasn’t in love with her. Harry was lovesick, she went out a lot more, she came home drunk a lot more on Friday
Please note that at the time being I have to step back from my two-weekly posting schedule. I'll post as quickly as I can, but real life is a thing these days.
talk much at all. He didn’t say a lot of things that would have been worth saying. Such as telling his father to stop drinking. John’s father must have had
Sherlock stays at home. He is carrying her, pacing up and down the living room, rocking her gently. Or looking out of the window, watching the lights
Sherlock sits at the kitchen table, working on an experiment. John was a little afraid he would find the flat in a complete mess and that this would weaken
“It’s possible that she did even more things in her past that were… difficult. More lies. Hard to explain.”
her otherwise. Matilda approaches him with mild curiosity, staring at his funny umbrella, his shiny shoes and the buttons on his vest.
“Yes, yes. I mean, when you’re finally back living with the person you are really supposed to be with, things get much easier, don’t they?“
When they have almost finished breakfast, Matilda lies on her blanket, playing with tea spoons, Bee and the flower she got from Harry, Sherlock looks at
“Oh Christ, Sherlock, that’s going to ruin me in a fucking week…” John chokes. Sherlock points at the jar on the kitchen table without saying another word. John clenches his hands, stares at the ceiling in open disbelief, sighs, turns abruptly and leaves the room. “Had one free, remember?”
John thought as he sat in their bathroom. He was still breathing heavily and his heart was beating fast.
John smiles even more. He is positively grinning, as good as he can with the nauseating pain in his head.
John heard himself sobbing. He sat down on the edge of his bed. He couldn’t help touching his cushion, knowing that this would
First of all, my wonderful friends and betas @toosel and @ennisnovember. You're nothing short of amazing.
A van has unloaded an impressive number of chairs, folded tables and something that looks like white cloth and metal sticks. The driver is making wordy excuses for not being able to carry them into the garden. Margaret waves at him in dismissal and instructs John and Sherlock where to put them.
John smiles and nods. And, being given a direct order (even a very gentle one), he turns in true military fashion and walks upstairs without another word.
seeped through that Scotland Yard was investigating and so smugglers had become even more cautious. Things got more difficult for the inspectors. Sherlock
bad influence on Sherlock. And concerning the question of why Sherlock – who preferred the company of Redbeard to anyone else’s – had suddenly decided to
Sherlock turns the glass in his hand, watching the pale-golden fluid move inside. Then he looks up at John and his eyes are piercing him. “I have taken
“Sherlock, why don’t you go to the beach today? The weather is just lovely,” Margaret suggests during breakfast the next morning.
that bathroom incident has fuelled his imagination. He is back to thinking about sex, after all. And making feeble attempts at shifting into Sherlock’s
stares at Sherlock just a moment too long and John can see from the corner of his eye that Sherlock notices it, too, and John feels Sherlock’s body tensing
Then he turns to John, wraps his arms around him and kisses him in an almost dramatic, Rhett Butler-ish manner. The couple generously moves on and finds
Oh yes, John was. The soup smelled great. At first, he didn't believe that a bowl of soup would be enough, but when he had almost finished it, he was tired
He brushes his thumb over the heads of their cocks, spreading their precome. He is desperately curious for
“These four people are connected to all the plays and all the props and costumes found in the victims’ flats. Miranda Smith, an actress, deceased in 2008.
“Yes, mummy, I get it. Hello.” Sherlock rolls his eyes, obviously hating being proven wrong twice within thirty seconds. “What is happening there, mum?
this will lead somewhere. They stop on top of the staircase, leaning on the wall of the hallway. Must be a hotel of some kind.
he finds out that playing her soothing pieces on the violin makes her calm down when she won’t stop crying. He is endlessly patient even when John has
just a few millimetres, not touching anymore, but enough to still feel the heat of Sherlock’s body. He touches his broad, angular shoulders, and lets his
Afterwards, Sherlock talks to John on the phone. He is deeply affected by witnessing a man's death and feels trongly responsible for Novak being killed.
since he had bid Sherlock farewell on the tarmac, it was gone. He didn’t know how or why. Maybe it had been something in those strange last words of
Originally, he just wanted to lick Sherlock’s cock, gather his precome in his mouth and kiss him afterwards. See how Sherlock would react to it, if it made
just held her, all the time. One night, when John had been home, trying to get some sleep after being in hospital for twelve hours, Mary called him at four
John kept on sleeping in Sherlock's bedroom. They didn't touch – that one fever night had been a bit of an exception. Which was ok. Only when John woke
were when John first lived at Baker Street. Gradually closing the distance that had grown between them over the fall and the marriage. In hindsight, from
Betrayed by Mary. He was too tired to ask her who the girl’s father was or to even shout at her.
with how little he called his parents. Something got out of control…” Sherlock trailed off, looking lost and tired all of a sudden.
“Thanks,“ he tried to whisper. It didn't work, but Sherlock understood and smiled one of his crooked half-smiles.
would have done. They almost caught him when he went to his chemist’s. And they surely did when John struck him down as he attempted to flee by hijacking a
When he gets back, his teeth brushed, he looks at Sherlock and can’t help but wonder what he would look like without that faded out t-shirt. He is hungry
John doesn’t know how to reply to that one, either, so he just squeezes her hand and they walk back to Baker Street.
was. This had occupied a great part of Mycroft’s mind for years. And when he had left for boarding school, this responsibility had carved itself deep into
They arrived at the cottage in the late afternoon. Dusk had already set in and the setting sun cast a beautiful, warm light. The heavy clouds had vanished
Sherlock’s eyes narrow, and he turns around. When he is on all fours, John kneels down behind him. He slowly licks down from his tail bone to his perineum
pub. A car drove past. A night like any other, for most people. But his life had just fallen apart.
When he can’t go any further, Sherlock inhales, pants and, after a long moment of adjusting, he carefully starts moving his hips. They go like this for a
he could do. He, who had sewn wounded comrades back together. Who had survived being shot and hurt and betrayed.
to be grabbed properly. Or a wooden spoon that is simply too big to be put in her mouth completely.
athletes just collapse out of nowhere. But somehow things don’t fit. We have her trainer at NSY waiting for interrogation,” Lestrade explains.
the rugby matches, John had no idea which school he attended or where he lived exactly. And there was something else. When they played, fought, sometimes
During the last days of the little girl, John and Mary made sure she was never alone. They had given up on the incubator and the parenteral nutrition. They
“Oh, for god’s sakes, stop it, Mycroft...” Over the laughter and talking John hears snatches of a conversation between Sherlock and Mycroft. So he takes his glass of wine and tries to find out where it comes from. The way is blocked by a table and a group of ladies that might or might not be the girls from Margaret’s bridge club.
The cab ride merely takes a few minutes and Sherlock doesn’t talk. He looks out of the window, hands the cabbie way too much money and heads towards the entrance door of 221b (which makes John sort out things with the cabbie. “Ah, that was a mistake. Bit too much, right? I’ll take the change”). John follows and Sherlock is already upstairs. “John”, he calls him. Sounding somewhat desperate. How can someone take so long to get up some stairs? Hurry, John. When John enters the hallway, Sherlock pulls him close, kisses him breathlessly and slowly pushes him against the wall. “Do that thing you did yesterday. But again. And harder.”
“Well… I’d say she went and got them since... February? Wait, I went once or twice as well. And then when we were in Scotland…”
and is very annoyed with still being driven around in a car. John ends up sitting next to her, diverting her as well as he can and hoping there will be no
“Oh boys, there’s no such thing as coming home to someone, isn’t it? Leave it, Sherlock, I’ll take care of this little mess tomorrow. Sleep well, boys!”
Most of their way up to Scotland was wiped off John’s memory or left in a blur. He was so exhausted, so completely bereft of his energy that he mainly
feeling of John’s stubble against his nipples. Whereas John discovers that Sherlock’s lips around his cock reduce him to begging gibberish.
He feels how much Sherlock wants him. He wraps his hand around Sherlock’s cock and his own again. He had no idea what this would feel like, none of his
Special thanks to the amazing @echosilverwolf for patiently explaining to me the basics of how to deal with an injury like this with basic first aid. (Also thanks to Mr aprilgarden for listening to my questions in this context, you brave man.)
A couple of days later, John was on his way home. To Mary, to the bigger, brighter flat he had found in the suburbs, where Mary had moved in a few months
“It’s hard to describe, witnessing a child being born. I hadn’t seen any births before, even though I’m a doctor. Suddenly it was so
“Well. It's good to be there again. It keeps me occupied, even though I am only doing three shifts a week. But it's bloody exhausting. Apparently I
Well, he obviously wasn’t. John read a bit and when it was late, he changed and went to the bathroom. Having finished brushing his teeth, he went to the
on the floor again. This whole new game goes on unattended by John. His stomach is busy making somersaults in excitement and his mind is too occupied by
damp from the shower. John took him inside the changing room. And he suddenly realized he had no idea how to proceed from here on. What they actually
John hears steps and talking in the hallway, it sounds like Margaret is giving orders to someone. John gets up and takes a look out the window. When he is about to grab his clothes and sponge bag, Sherlock opens the door.
As if it was the essence of Sherlock’s being. And, in a way, it was. The wardrobe was half opened, the bed still tousled from the last night Sherlock had
After a while, Sherlock sneaks a hand between John’s mouth and his ass, pushing two fingers in and groans when John starts kissing his balls instead. He
“God, what is this? I have been in Afghanistan. I’ve seen people die, I’ve seen friends and comrades die… I’ve seen so many people die. But I never thought
Once they get into the house, they walk to the hallway, shutting the door behind them. The house is silent except for their breathing, which is turning more and more into a panting. John tenderly pushes Sherlock against the shut door, kissing him again. Sherlock moans into his mouth. After a few heated minutes, John asks, “Sherlock. What are we doing here?”
One day – they have just had some of last night’s left over Indian take away, John has just finished both cleaning the dishes and having a little dispute on why
. He has to think of what Mycroft told him about Redbeard and Victor, about the drugs and everything
Roussel holds her breath. She lifts her head and stares at the ceiling. When she looks down at Sherlock, her eyes are filled with tears, but her voice is
“It feels like the first time you have sex as a teenager… in your parents’ house, when no one is home.”
He has to sit down for a moment and wait until the world has stopped turning too quickly. Then he cleans up and drinks some water. Back in Sherlock’s
The weeks passed. The three bottles had only lasted a ridiculously short time. He went back to work, just for one or two shifts a week. And bought new
by surprise. They haven’t done this before (not even talked about it, either) but he never would have thought it would make Sherlock melt like this under
When John ordered dinner, Sherlock didn’t eat. He sat in his chair staring at his hands. Lestrade had called earlier, informing them that Jonathan was in a
They put up the crib and the changing table in John’s bedroom. It doesn’t take long until they have settled in. John feels excited, giddy and so relieved.
When John is awake, Sherlock sometimes plays the violin. They never really leave each other’s orbit. They are close, physically close, as if they needed to
The pleasure that has been building up inside John to an almost unbearable amount finally washes over him. He thrusts into Sherlock until he is completely
John strokes their cocks a few more times, then Sherlock hears him whisper his name once more. He feels John’s body go tense and his hot, wet come on his
“I’ll just be in the bathroom. Make yourself at home,” Sherlock says, pulling John out of his thoughts.
someone who isn’t working at the theatre. Slightly old-fashioned, but the system still works. John and Sherlock hurry down from the residential towers to
And then, suddenly, all their backstory is taken away. It doesn’t matter anymore that John is John, who told the world how he is
that. 35 minutes later, various boxes with primi and secondi piatti, with pizza, salad and even tiramisù are stapled in the kitchen and fill the flat with
voice asking what they are going to do when Sherlock one day gets bored with this kind of life – calmer, less exciting, but definitely with more
He took John to the living room and guided him to his chair. He was trembling and still muttering something. And shaking his head vehemently.
Ever since they started having sex, John was taken aback by how much Sherlock actually enjoys it. Before that, he would even thought it possible that
his life and he didn’t know what to do all day now that Mycroft was gone. He missed him, playing with him and being shown things by him, learning about
silhouette. John doesn’t feel quite as alone anymore. Sherlock has been waiting on the ward ever since they drove to hospital late last night. John moves
And then he fucks him. He moves slowly, but intently, pushing in far and moving out, trying to give as much sensation to the tight muscle tissue and the
But… there was something Sherlock has said earlier that has confused him. He cleared his throat.
It went like that a few more times. They met, spent as much time snogging after the match as Rob could spare without missing his last train home. They even
down Sherlock’s shoulders. He feels the tension and anticipation in Sherlock’s body. He sees his quick heartbeat in the artery on his neck. He kisses his
John Watson of the Fith... Fifth Nosummer…,” Sherlock blinks, takes a deep breath and finally manages with pride and
Later on, they fall asleep eventually, their skin still sticky in the messed up bed. They don’t notice the end of the party or Margaret knocking on the door. “Are you here, boys? Haven’t seen you in hours.”
the food too late. When he is halfway done with the lasagna, the sauce gets burned and he realizes he hasn’t got enough pasta. In the end, he dumps the
coming back. It can’t.” Tears were running down his cheeks. Greg was lost. He had never been good at informing people of the death of a friend, a family
Ongoing angst and a TW for insomnia, a bit of gore (again, sorry!) and brief thoughts of suicide. If you want to skip this part, stop reading at the asterisk (*) and jump back in at the two asterisks (**). But in the end, there'll be a fine silver ray of light at the horizon. Life goes on, even if your heart is broken.
didn’t expect Sherlock to get on with Matilda so well. In fact, he wasn’t sure how he would react to her at all. He surely wouldn’t have thought he would
John started to look forward to the next match against Oakham. When the match came, he played well, he managed to focus on the game, at least as he wasn’t
“They’re fine, John. I heard her going out with Matilda in her pram an hour ago. They’ll be strolling around Regent’s Park.”
sighed. He tried talking to him again the next days, but eventually, he gave up. Before he left for his London office again, he came to see Sherlock once
John swallowed hard. He didn't know what to say. He felt guilty. So guilty. Suddenly, all of the disaster with Mary threatened to crash into him again.
girth of his cock, the dark hair, his balls. And the way Sherlock moves underneath him, how he moans and pants, how his breath goes faster and faster.
back to the cottage. It was completely dark when he finally arrived there, soaking and his shoes making squishy sounds as he walked.
Seven months after Sherlock's death, he woke from a dream that felt so real it took him a few moments to figure out where he was. In this dream, he hadn't
astonishingly loud. After a moment, he clears his throat and he says in a low voice, “Maybe we’ll just go now… with a bit of luck, Matilda falls asleep on
After a couple of weeks, John walked up the stairs to Harry’s flat. He hadn’t seen her in a while. He was going to pick her up and go out with her to have
John feels a bit caught and yet this fuels his desire for Sherlock endlessly. He starts stroking them in earnest, firmly, speeding up. And then he sees
So John slowly takes off his shirt, just opening the first two buttons and then pulling it over his head. Sherlock gapes at him and John can see the
When they are standing next to the bed, John pulls his t-shirt over his head. First, Sherlock’s eyes travel over his chest, his scar, his belly, and then
There is no one else in his life that could compare to Sherlock, no one whose company he enjoys – needs – so much. And he definitely is done with dating.
Sherlock and Matilda just come downstairs, Matilda is still looking very sleepy and rubbing her eyes.
I can’t promise how much time will pass between posting chapters, I’ll try to limit it to a few weeks and always post as soon as possible. This WIP, however, is
He tries to move his left hand and touches his head. It’s sticky and warm and he doesn’t need to open his eyes to know it is blood. He puts his hand down
As Sherlock lies down on his large bed, John looks at him and is lost in in what he sees. His long, muscled arms and legs, the fair skin that seems to reflect the dim light. His hair, chaotic and curly from drying without being combed. Sherlock’s stomach is flat and a thin line of brown-ginger hair trails down from his navel to his pubic hair. His cock is erect and has quite a stunning effect on John. He has seen a number of cocks, sometimes that’s part of being a doctor. He has seen a fair share during his army times, in the showers. Once, after a night of shared drinks in the camp, even one like this, erect, flushed. He had touched it, curious and with lust, had taken him in his mouth and had given his first and, so far, only blow job. It was some kind of a one-night stand, he hadn’t dated the man in any way. Hadn’t even had a crush on him.
anywhere close to what he felt. Back home, their flat seemed even more silent than usual. And suddenly, when John had just closed the living room door
“No. She’s your sister. You’re dealing with Mycroft every few weeks. I think I can handle your yet unknown sister for an evening.“
gives in to his pleas for help. When he comes home from Scotland Yard, he finds Mycroft in his living room.
“I won’t. But you’re right.“ Sherlock sits up, takes his shower gel and washes himself thoroughly. When he is done with his body, he washes his hair, rinses it and looks at John.
Sherlock wants to find out everything about loving John, he catalogues him with his mouth and his tongue and his nose and his hands and all of his skin. He
“Yes. We talked a lot over the past months. And now everything's just… easy. And fine. Christ, what am I saying. It's fucking amazing.“
John listens to the sound of waves rolling onto the shore, the doves’ cries and Sherlock’s and Matilda’s talking. He does doze off after a few calm
Matilda patiently lets him catalogue her. He knows she can’t see much yet with her limited newborn eyesight. She listens to the rhythm of his breath and
John if all this really was real. When he is cuddled against Sherlock in bed, John thinks of how he has been letting go of all the discipline and all his
closer. John can hear people talking and laughing, probably standing outside a pub and having a beer, just around the corner of the street.
Sherlock’s hands around John’s head and shoulders grab him tightly, pulling at his hair and digging into his skin. He comes with a moan and John can't
years. Who is worrying about bringing up his daughter and figuring out what he wants. And that Sherlock is Sherlock, with his
“Yes. No extradition to the US authorities. In return, she cooperates with us. She has signed the papers declaring her renunciation of custody of her
“Nothing out of the ordinary, John. Be quite yourself. Maybe you would need to touch me more often. Show a bit of affection.”
The fever returned that night. John woke up shivering, having had another nightmare. He felt miserable, his throat hurt and the headache hammered against
They go on kissing. Sherlock's hand wanders down John torso until he touches the wet remainders of their orgasms.
He breathes heavily. When he looks at Sherlock again there is something vulnerable in his eyes he can’t yet define.
touching John. His arms, his sides. The tender skin on his hip bones. Still all small movements, but there is this energy to it.
background research for a case he is working on. Matilda makes her first attempts at crawling while Sherlock is away and John is, once more, the proudest
than Redbeard or him. Someone out of Mycroft’s control. Still, he cared about why his brother chose to have a companion and whom his brother chose to be
He hears Sherlock draw in a sharp breath. And exhale again. After a split second that stretches out like a small eternity, he says, “John, can we stop fussing around then? I want to kiss you as soon as you’re cleaned up and sewn back together in hospital.”
Maurice Redfern had not attended this morning’s lecture, either. Sherlock found out when he called their professor under some false pretences. And Sherlock
Sherlock kisses him, and he draws him close, very close. John needs to feel him with all of his body. To grasp this new reality.
John closes his eyes and feels the heat of Sherlock’s mouth closing around his cock. With a moan, John inhales again, getting lost in the sensation.
carrot from the fridge, cleans it and offers it to her to chew on. Matilda is fascinated, apparently it is still cool from the fridge, tastes funny and is
“Oh God, Sherlock, Christ, Sherlock…,” John kept saying. “Oh God, this can’t be true, it just can’t…”
when she started smiling at him or reacting to him when he calls her. Now, being able to grasp things starts a new era of playing in the
gotten worse. Not to mention his temper. He had gotten louder and it was taking less and less to make him yell.
John walks down the stairs from to the kitchen. Before he even enters, he can hear Sherlock talking. On the phone, apparently.
hurried than he would like to. But cuddling Matilda naked after his first night with Sherlock – well, a bit not good. The door opens and Sherlock comes in,
Holmes-Watson-household. Sherlock starts handing her all sorts of items, naming them and watching her chew them thoughtfully.
“Right, and thank you, but that doesn’t mean you have to pay for the groceries all the time! It is enough if you go and get them!”
Sherlock stays on the sofa for more than two hours. John has breakfast in the meantime, showers and reads yesterday’s newspaper. When he  is about to go out for walk or see if Mrs Hudson is around, Sherlock gets up on his feet and whirls through the room.
But it does as he sees Sherlock coming, spurting two, three times across his belly with a small, hoarse scream that could be John's name.
“A surprisingly plush behind. Look at you. There’s no doubt about that. And I am just having it confirmed, as you walk around naked.“
“Next time, we’ll take the train, Sherlock,” John says while undoing Matilda’s safety belt. Sherlock has opened the door next to Matilda and lifts her out
Such as telling Harry to stop provoking their father until he yelled. Harry was constantly hungry for a fight. She didn’t miss any opportunity to show them
John peels off the gloves, Matilda has started weeping a little on Lestrade’s arm and he takes her back.
“Yes. So am I. I understand you. But look at you, how much you’ve been through this year. And after all, things are quite good now, aren’t they?”
Sherlock and he do a bit of small talk (Anthea is a hopeless case when it comes to this, as a short conversation proves once again). They are actually
John finally went to the changing room, he saw the last of his team carry their bags and wave good-bye as they passed through the heavy glass door and left
this companion. Mycroft’s research proved that Victor Trevor was comparatively bearable – above average intelligence, ambitious and apparently truly fond
. It isn’t much that changes and still the earth seems to spin in the opposite direction. Their physicality settles in gently. They touch each other more throughout the day (there are even times - rather frequently, actually - when they can’t keep their hands off each other at all), but what changes most is that there is a yet unknown lightness in their life. Sherlock still sulks at times. And during cases, he still doesn’t say a word for hours on end. He is srude, very rarely though. He watches John. A lot. Not only because he still isn’t finished cataloguing him - he still soaks in his every move, every change in the sound of his voice, the different shades of the blue of his irises, his freckles and the patterns his faint lines draw on his face - but also because he notices how much easier John is. He has stopped worrying, Sherlock realises. Very good. He finally did.
