Along with the e-reader, Uncle Mycroft's assistant brought a bunch of things from the flat, including several changes of clothes (soft, loose things that can go on over his cast and bandages), his phone (Tristram asked for it specifically), and some notebooks and things to write with. Tristram pointed out the uselessness of the latter to his father, given the state of his dominant hand. He expected his father to commiserate and make a derisive comment about the idiocy of the population in general and Uncle Mycroft's employees in particular, but instead, he said this was an excellent opportunity for Tristram to learn to write with his left hand. One never knew when such a thing might be useful, and he is going to have the cast on for seven weeks.
Tristram nods. He thinks he actually believes Doctor Watson, too, but now he feels incredibly silly. Of course they didn't get married! Tristram doesn't know now how he even considered it a possibility.
Tristram's happy to see Doctor Watson too, but he feels funny about saying that, so he just says, "Thank you."
Tristram thinks he sees where Doctor Watson is going with this. He's pretty much describing Father's attitude toward the people in his cases, both the victims he's able to help, their families, and those who are beyond help. Father cares about solving the cases, but he doesn't care about the people. He doesn't get sad when someone dies, even if it's a serial killer case and there's a new victim while he's working on it. In fact, he likes those best because they give him the freshest data.
"Teeth and skin," Tristram says, because that's the message. That's the important part. To his horror, his voice is shaking too. He hopes his father understands what he's trying to say.
"Did your father say anything to you? About why we're here?" Tristram asks instead. Because John's apparently talked to Emily about things before that no one thought to discuss with Tristram. To be fair, the reverse is true as well. Tristram hasn't always been entirely forthcoming with Emily on certain matters. Like the fact that the bullet that hit him was meant for her father.
Well, I was here now. No sense putting up a fuss. Watson was sure to be quick; he hadn't even brought flowers. "Very well," I acquiesced. "It will be a good opportunity for me to take a survey of recent burials whilst you tend to your business. Who knows but that there might be a mystery or two to unearth." I glanced at him with a sly smile to check whether he had understood my joke.
John, a doctor, and Sherlock, a consulting detective, are both single parents. They meet when Sherlock's 8-year-old son, Tristram, becomes friends with John's 9-year-old daughter, Emily. John's wife, Mary, was killed in an apparent mugging a couple of years earlier, and Tristram asks Sherlock to investigate. It turns out that her death was contracted by her sister, Claire, who was jealous of her and wanted John for herself. The hit was arranged through a mysterious figure known only as the bogeyman. In the course of Sherlock's investigation, Tristram and Emily are kidnapped, and Sherlock and John join forces to rescue them. However, they are unable to apprehend the kidnappers or discover the bogeyman's identity.
Tristram stands firm. He doesn't want to contradict her, but it's more important to do what Doctor Watson said. "I'm waiting here." He really hopes that Emily stays, too.
"What's that?" Doctor Watson glances down at her, although he keeps most of his attention on Father, who is, it seems, permanently several steps ahead of them.
"Should I call my father?" Tristram's excited to try, because his father really is somewhere else and it would be an actual phone call, not just pretend.
John holds out his hands, palms forward. "Irene, put the gun down," he says, very calmly, very firmly.
"Just getting John settled," Mr Holmes said, unfrazzled. Then to John: "You'll find fresh towels in the bath."
Sherlock's body jolts and jerks and empties itself. The wetness quickly turns cold and unpleasant in the air from the open window. Sherlock opens his eyes. Prague. The sun's now definitively up. He needs to move to a less exposed position. He's managed to keep hold of his cigarette in his other hand, but it's burnt down to the filter. He flicks it away and watches the orange glow tumble down the sloped tile roof until it disappears over the edge, then lights another.
"I think he's doing it for the best," John was saying, "because if it does happen, it's going to be brilliant."
John looks down at their hands. He inhales sharply and nods after a moment. "Yeah, she would have. But there was something else."
At least he no longer spent entire nights away from the flat - and judging by the evidence (or lack thereof), he was also not having sexual liaisons of any kind. Not even kissing, beyond a peck on the cheek or two. Which Sherlock knew he shouldn't be pleased about - it wasn't as if he were actually happy when John was frustrated and disappointed - but there it was. He was pleased about it.
Father puts his hand up on Doctor Watson's elbow and stares right back. His eyes are really big. It looks like he didn't might not have known whatever it is. Tristram can see his throat move as he swallows. Eventually, he nods once.
"They're still there," I reminded him, looking toward the door leading out to the sitting room and not caring how desperate or wanton I appeared.
Tristram and Emily wait, but Father and Doctor Watson don't come out. The fan comes on again, and a strip of photos drops into the drying slot on top of the strip with the four photos of Father. Tristram thinks they probably shouldn't look at them, but Emily has no such compunctions. She slides the newest strip out and looks at them.
Sherlock shook his head. "No," he said under his breath. "But don't be fooled. Whatever his reasons are, it's not as a favour to you or me." Mycroft only ever did something if it served himself.
It was an odd kind of walk of shame when John entered the kitchen some time later. Sherlock wasn't down yet, but Mr and Mrs Holmes were there, lingering over their mid-morning tea. Although neither of them said anything that could in any way be construed as suggestive, John got the distinct impression from the looks on their faces that they thought he and Sherlock had been having a lie-in for more indelicate reasons than simply having stayed up late talking the night before. Or maybe it was just the fact that they very nearly had. Or the furtive wank he'd had in the shower. Which was not the kind of thing he should be thinking about when sitting down with his... with his friend's parents for breakfast. God, of course they could read it all over his face. He was an open book, as Sherlock had so often told him, and they were Holmeses. He was done for.
"It's all right," Sherlock says, even though it patently isn't, because he doesn't know what else to say.
John taps the screen to accept the call then holds the phone up between his and Sherlock's ears. "Yeah," he says. "How bad is it?" he asks after hearing her opening gambit. He raises his eyebrows at Sherlock when they hear the answer, but Sherlock shakes his head. "Yeah, he... I know it's upsetting," John tells Irene, "but he won't actually come to any harm. Have him lie down on his side and make sure his clothing's not constricting him. Emily knows how to-" He stops talking at the sharp, rapid interruption on the other end. "I'm not trying to- Of course I'm concerned, but-"
They continue in this vein, and Tristram actually begins to relax and enjoy the game. Father gives him updates of his estimated time of arrival, and he's still four minutes away when Tristram hears the door open. He taps three times on his phone. Father doesn't respond right away; maybe he tapped too fast or too light? He repeats the signal, trying to keep his finger steady. What is he supposed to do?
Sherlock's arms wrap around John's back, clutching handfuls of his undershirt. They lie there holding each other, touching each other's skin and breathing each other's air until both of them are feeling more in control of their voices.
By the time the plane lands, Tristram has steeled himself - for the moment, anyway, until he can get his bearings - for another car ride into the unknown, another safe house, another day of not knowing what's going on.
"Yeah, sorry about that. And, he's doing about as you'd expect," John says with a sigh. "Any loud explosions while I was out?"
Sherlock watched him go, walk out of the kitchen into the hall. Heard him take his jacket down from the hook, jangle his keys to make sure they were in his pocket, then quickly go down the stairs and out the door.
John watches them for a moment, then leans forward and whispers, as if it were a secret, "It's not really worms."
"Okay. God, yes, okay!" she said. All of a sudden, she felt rather light-headed. She hid her absolutely stonking grin in her glass as John sat down again. She felt like a combination between the hugest slut and some kind of relationship therapist-cum-matchmaker. And was rather proud of both.
"You want to leave the kids with Irene?" The question contains both incredulity and a genuine uncertainty whether he heard correctly.
Deliberately, he directed his mind to the brief notice in the newspaper about the third in what now appeared to be a series of suicides, which had caught his attention earlier.He was certain the police were missing something. Impossible to know what, though, without seeing the evidence. Hopefully there would be another. The article had mentioned the name of the detective in charge of the investigation. Maybe he could tap into his phone and get tipped off when it happened.
"He was the one who was sent away, no thanks to you, and I would have gone with him in a heartbeat if I'd been kept informed of what was going on!" John hissed fiercely.
Tristram knows she doesn't mean the phone in his pocket. She means one like his father has, where he can send text messages and look up facts on the internet. However, he doesn't see how that would be helpful in this case. He has all the evidence he needs without it. Anyway, his father spends a great deal of time thinking without his phone, too, although Emily couldn't know this.
"Didn't end up sleeping," Father says, but he mumbles the words a bit and looks away, which makes Tristram suspicious. But why would he lie about whether he slept or not?
Tristram doesn't know what to say to that. It's just Grandmother's house, although admittedly there are rather a lot of rooms, many of them unused, as far as he knows. "We can look around, if you want. Or do you want to go have breakfast?"
"And you think - what, hearing how some fictional mother is fictionally murdered will somehow trigger a trauma that the actual murder of her actual mother failed to?" Father asks, as if that's the stupidest thing he's ever heard of, and Tristram knows for a fact he's heard of some spectacularly stupid things.
"Erm," John hedged. He had the impression Sherlock wasn't in any great hurry to vacate the bed. "If you want," he said, his stomach doing flip-flops and his hormones undergoing a general scramble. It came out more than halfway sounding like an offer to do the opposite, which hadn't been his intention. Not strictly speaking.
John lets the grin break through. "That's what I thought too. But don't you wonder? Don't you think it might be important? It's a rather massive coincidence that she's here just when we are. And don't tell me Mycroft arranged it."
"What, you mean the ones I just blew off and lied to their faces? The ones who are bending over backwards to make this the best Nativity the city's ever seen? Those people?"
killer." The name comes out of his mouth oddly, an incongruity, as if he'd started talking in thees and thous. He then resumes his enumeration: "Discovering the reason for the methylfentanyl device. And making sure that neither my son nor your - Emily," he corrects himself before John can open his mouth, the name again sounding as if it's a word in an unfamiliar language, "is threatened with harm again."
John didn't want to leave Sherlock with the impression this was just for practical reasons, or because he felt guilty. His hand clenched under the sheet when he spoke again. "The thing is though... I wasn't. Happy. Not just because I felt bad about kicking you out of your room. I also... thought it would be nice to have you in here." He turned onto his side and patted Sherlock's shoulder. A brief squeeze. Friendly, warm yet casual.
He didn't really seem to have any sort of plan or routine, just waving his hands and shuffling his feet and wiggling his hips as the mood struck. It was a bit pathetic, really. Sherlock could have outdanced him on one foot. But he was having fun, and so were the children. From where he was standing, Sherlock could see the huge smiles on each one of their little faces. And they were all following and stepping more or less in time with the music, even the less coordinated amongst them.
"Might still have been good to let someone know where you were going, in case you ran into trouble," John says a bit tightly.
Irene slides gracefully off the table, turning casually toward Moriarty. What looks like a move to adjust her bosom inside her dress turns out to be something else altogether as she ends up with a small pistol gripped in both her hands. It is aimed, quite professionally, at the man behind the desk. She disengages the safety and adjusts her stance so her feet are a bit further apart.
Greg had only been half aware of what he was saying to Sherlock as he went through the file with him. He'd probably come over as a proper idiot; not that Sherlock likely noticed a difference. Greg knew it was none of his business and he should concentrate on the bloody file, the whole reason he'd come over here, but it was just... this was Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. He'd been witness to their friendship since the day they'd met, had watched from afar and sometimes from too bloody close as it had grown and deepened and yeah, maybe he was a bit of a romantic at heart, even if he couldn't manage to keep a relationship of his own afloat, at least he was rooting for someone else to make it. And if ever two people deserved a happy ending...
. It had all ended up being entirely useless for what he'd wanted to say at John's wedding, but this was only Lestrade. It didn't really matter what he said.
"Where are you going?" he asks. Somehow it's important that he can place her on his mental map when she's not here. It would be even better if he had a clock like the Weasleys' that shows where every member of the family is at any given time. There would be a hand for Father, one for Tristram, and one for Irene... and one for Uncle Mycroft, and Mrs Hudson even though she's not really related to them. And if Mrs Hudson gets to be on there, then so do John and Emily. The clock face would be a little crowded with that many hands, but then the Weasleys' family - Tristram counts them up quickly in his head - is even bigger so it should work.
They stand there long enough that Tristram starts to get sleepy again. He's still pressed up against his father's side, and it's lovely and - while not exactly comfortable - comforting. He leans in a bit more and lets his head rest against his father's arm.
"He could have had the couch, I wouldn't-" Doctor Watson squeezes his eyes shut. "Oh my God, no, I'm the idiot. He did, he tried to make me take his bed, and I thought it was because-" He stops speaking abruptly and cracks his eyes open, keeping one carefully on Tristram. "Sherlock!" he shouts down the hall. "You could have said you wanted to sleep on the couch!"
"This is scenario four, John," Sherlock says, as if speaking to a recalcitrant child. "She's not going to give up. Go now before it turns into three." He thrusts the phone at John and pushes the button again to un-mute it.
John waits. When nothing further is forthcoming after a bit, he asks quietly, "Was Tristram all right?"
When they get home, Father stops at Mrs Hudson's to ask if there have been any deliveries, while Tristram goes upstairs. In the kitchen, he sees that Mrs Hudson has left not one but three pies for them on the table: some kind of custard, mince, and one with a top crust that he can't see inside. Tristram, always a fan of Mrs Hudson's pies and having left before they had time for pudding at the Watsons', gets down a plate and cuts himself a piece of the custard one. It turns out to be lemon, he discovers at the first bite. It's quite good, although Mrs Hudson's crusts are usually thicker than this. Maybe she's trying a new recipe. He scoops up another big forkful and lets the sweet, creamy smooth filling roll around on his tongue.
I really hope this all makes sense and explains enough what's been going on. I purposely didn't include all the details of everyone's plans because it would have involved going into tangents that weren't really important for the resolution of the story. Also because Sherlock, Irene, and Moriarty are much cleverer than I am. :) If there's anything that is still really bugging you though, please ask!
Tristram explains as well as he remembers from having it explained to him on past visits, and they make their way around the room examining the various collections.
Sherlock took another drag on his cigarette, squinting his eyes against the smoke, and read it through again. John was obviously trying to tell him something, but he shouldn't jump to conclusions. Especially as the last thing John had said was to bin it. He hadn't demanded it back, though. Sherlock returned the paper to his pocket. If John meant to show up tomorrow, then so did Sherlock, and he wasn't going to sit idle in the meantime.
"He'll be fine, John," Irene says, perhaps aiming for reassurance, but at her words John springs out of his chair, narrowly missing dumping Emily on the floor. He has Irene pressed up against the wall with his arm across her throat almost faster than Tristram can register that he's moved.
"Don't worry, she's not really going to-" Moriarty tells him testily, and then there is a short, muffled pop, and then another. Moriarty slumps to the side and slides off his chair onto the floor.
"Tris, you're coming to my house after school!" Emily cries out as soon as she's within shouting distance.
Of course they were both fastidious, or as much as they could be. John administered the enema himself. Sherlock washed his hands with antibacterial soap before and after with surgical care, was careful to keep his fingers off any other surfaces until he'd washed, avoiding especially their faces. Sturdy pre-lubricated condom and plenty of additional silicon-based lubricant. And Sherlock always took it slowly, prepared John thoroughly. He enjoyed that part almost as much as the actual fucking. Seeing John's pucker flush from brownish-grey to pink then red, his normally light brown pubic hair turn dark and slick with gel. Feeling the stiff tightness slowly ease, watching his fingers be sucked in, feeling the hot, spongy channel, the slight give, anticipating his cock burrowing along the same path, surrounded by heat and pressure. And the best part, knowing that John was doing it all for him. Only for him.
"That was an important piece of evidence," Sherlock huffs. "It ended up proving that jockey's innocence."
Sherlock looks away, fiddling with one of the pens lying on the desk blotter. "I'd feel safer having Tristram with me," he says, as if it were a painful admission. "If something were to happen here while I'm in London-"
"Both," John answered almost before Sherlock had finished speaking. "But I think we're alike in some ways." He slid his hands down his legs and pressed them together. "And if there's one thing that will make me come running, it's danger."
Uncle Mycroft chuckles. "Perceptions may differ," he says, "but I believe, strictly speaking, in the sense you mean, it is neither a case nor a date. They are, shall we say, taking care of some unfinished business. Beyond that, you should speak directly to your fathers if you want any more details."
Seeing what he'd become, Sherlock couldn't believe he'd ever thought himself attracted to the man, much less in love with him. What a fool he'd been. A pathetic, pitiable fool who had fallen for the first person who showed him any sort of attention and kindness, fancying he'd found his soulmate. Only to find out that Victor didn't see things that way at all. Drawers sprang open, spewing words Sherlock never wanted to hear again; in fact, went to lengths to keep himself out of any situation in which they might potentially come up.
Sherlock put the violin away. John didn't let go of his hand. He may in fact have been holding on more firmly than was either necessary or conducive to efficient movement.
Sherlock exhaled, hard enough that his breath stirred a small patch of hair behind John's ear. He had a brief vision of burying his nose in the hair there, then letting his lips ghost over the cartilaginous curve. "Yes, that's generally what composing a song means," he said shortly. He read out from the page:
"I insist," Angelo was saying, in answer to John's objection to not paying. "This man saved my restaurant from burning down. It's the least I can do."
It's also too quiet. He's used to the sounds of the city outside his window: the grumble of cars down in the street; the laughter of teenagers dosed with bravado and alcopop; the sudden whine of a motorcycle revving past; the shrill whistle of someone trying to get his mate's attention from a block away; the intermittent, distant (and sometimes not-so-distant) blare of emergency services. And of course his father downstairs playing the violin, or shouting at someone on the phone, or clanking around in the kitchen, working on experiments that he only gets out once Tristram is in bed.
His hand was cupping the phone in his pocket when he felt the buzz of an incoming text against his fingertips.
"Good." John nodded once, fighting not to smile too hard. "Good night then." He gave Sherlock's hand one final squeeze and let go.
"Yes," Doctor Watson agrees. "Because of that." The way he says it makes it sound as if he thinks Father's the one who's being an idiot at the moment.
John straightened up, turning slightly so his body was angled toward Sherlock. Still almost no space between them. John's chest brushed Sherlock's arm. "Shut up," he said amicably. "Now are you in or not?" He clapped Sherlock on the shoulder and let his hand linger there, his thumb brushing Sherlock's collarbone through his thick coat. In or not. He'd meant it in reference to the laser tag, but now it seemed he could be talking about this other thing too. Their life together. A life, together. The other side of the line. A buried treasure to be uncovered.
Sherlock's eyes darken further, betraying his interest not only in the obvious but the prospect of something more dangerous. "Will you come with me if I do?" He leans in and breathes over the top of John's ear, skimming his hands up John's arms.
Janine grinned and took one more sip of her coffee. "Hold on, big boy. Don't touch, you'll only make it worse." She grabbed one of the scones as she stood. He was going to need some energy. She made a mental note to text Sherlock later. He had bloody well better send her an invitation to the wedding!
"Really, Watson?" Holmes peered at me curiously. "I would have pegged you for a more combative man. Now I am the one who is intrigued."
"Yes, all right," Doctor Watson says quickly and takes his hand away, glancing at the children. "Keep in touch at least."
I wanted to answer yes. I did not want that rogue to have any part of this. At the same time, I recognized that was an illogical, emotional response. The other alpha had never done anything wrong nor even really been unkind. In fact, he had kept his every word and - I strongly suspected - acted in coordination with Holmes all along. I had bristled at what I perceived to be an encroachment on my territory, although I had no claim to any territory at all. The source of Holmes' information was, in the end, immaterial. The only thing that mattered was what he did with it, and I had every confidence he would do some very good things.
Their voices have returned to a more normal volume now, although Tristram can still hear the two-toned conversation continuing. As the minutes tick by without any further outbursts, Tristram starts to relax. It's nice, knowing that Father will be here when he wakes. That Father will be here all night, in fact, just in the next room with John. And it's also nice, Tristram thinks with his last bit of consciousness, that John is here too.
Tristram nods, concentrating hard on getting air in and out. He hears John's exaggerated breaths right next to him, matching Emily's pace, but he doesn't want to look away from Emily. It's almost like she's pulling the air in and out of his lungs with the force of her eyes.
"My life," Sherlock explains. "It's not always kidnappings and shootings and running away from unstable criminal masterminds."
She gasped involuntarily and grabbed her thighs in reaction to the sudden flood of pleasure signals. She was still swollen and sensitive from her round of sex with John, and Sherlock was rougher and more forceful than John ever was. It wasn't painful, or even unpleasant, really. In fact, it was far from unpleasant, the bastard. It wasn't that he was trying to pleasure her; his interest was clearly selfish, as he'd said. But in the course of greedily lapping up all of John's secretions, he couldn't help but stimulate every nook and cranny, grinding his nose and chin against her, sucking and spreading her open with all the focus, determination, and attention to detail that incredible mind of his was capable of.
"Tell them it's not done yet. Or quit. I don't really care." He walks past Doctor Watson to the door, where Tristram can't see him anymore.
"As soon as I land on the lawn, the floodlights are going to come on," Irene says. "It'll be about thirty seconds before the security detail comes after me. Help a girl up." This last comment is directed at Sherlock, who hoists Irene onto the railing surrounding the terrace, her skirt being so tight she can't lift her legs high enough on her own.
John dashed to the door of the shed with the phone glued to his ear, bellowing up to the house: "Sherlock!"
"I know it looks funny, but you need to drink the whole thing," Doctor Watson tells him. "You can rinse your mouth with some plain water afterwards." He nods at the other cup on the table.
"It's just..." Molly glanced hesitantly at Sherlock and John. And here it came. John shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
"So, tomorrow we start on the play?" Watson prompted. "I, er... Not that I'm any good, but I can play the keyboard a bit. Chords, nothing fancy. So, I could. If it would be helpful." At Sherlock's blank look, he hurried on to ask, "Do you have a script or anything?"
"Right then," Sherlock said brightly. He didn't even have to fake his good mood. "That's us off then." He surveyed the room triumphantly; no one would meet his gaze, although a fair few of the other teachers were watching John. He saw admiration and perhaps even a bit of covetousness in their gazes. Sherlock smiled. John was his. "Come along, John," he said, and left without looking back to see if John was following. He must. He did.
Finally, finally, Doctor Watson drinks up the last of his coffee, politely declines when Mrs Bowen tries to pour him a fresh cup, and says to Emily and Tristram, "What say we go and find out what our plans for the day are?"
Doctor Watson closes his eyes. He almost looks like he's in pain. "No. I have to see this through. For Mary. And for me." He tugs Father closer by his hips. "And for you."
It was all so tiresome. He'd been through all of the arguments with himself before, and he knew that the practical answer was to keep things as they were now. John had stated he wouldn't seek anything more. But the fact that he kept returning to the issue, and that every time he and John were together it became more difficult to stick to his resolution, indicated that he needed another solution.
Tristram would have thought that would make Father happy, but he mostly looks a bit stunned. Like he's pleased but a little scared of what that means. Like Tristram felt when he expressed a - purely hypothetical - curiosity about what it felt like to shoot a gun, and Father took him to the police firing range the next day and set ear protectors and goggles that were much too big onto his face and pressed a gun into his hands.
"Yes, Mr Watson," the children mumbled. There was still a bit of jostling and whispering, but by and large their attention was at the front.
Then Sherlock had met John, and he and Vi had thought the two men lived together the way young people meant it when they said they 'lived together' these days. They had contrived to meet him once, dropping in unannounced one day not long after Sherlock had returned from his mission. John had seemed a nice enough chap, and Bill had been prepared to do the right thing, but then Sherlock had told them John was engaged to someone else. Mary. Lovely woman. Such a shame she'd been killed, and leaving the baby behind too. But then John had suddenly returned to Sherlock's, and there had been the birthday party, and once again they were 'living together'. Raising Rosie together. Pop and Gran. It seemed rather clear cut this time.
He found Mr Holmes sitting on a stool, hunched over the workbench with several pieces of wood laid out in front of him. It looked like he was piecing another birdhouse together. He straightened when John entered, wincing a bit.
Tristram and Emily look at each other, eyes wide. A killer! But it doesn't sound like it has anything to do with Emily's Aunt Claire. Tristram has never heard the name Moran mentioned before. It must be a new case.
The church was a relic from the late Middle Ages and charming in the way of old stone chapels, with moss and lichen providing artfully casual daubs of colour. Inside, the three-paned stained glass window behind the altar drew the eye immediately. It must have been a much newer addition, to judge by the style and freshness of the colours, and portrayed a meal, possibly the Last Supper, albeit with only three participants. The central figure was obviously meant to be Jesus, but Sherlock wasn't well enough versed in Christian lore to place the others. Some apostles or saints, most likely. The supper depicted consisted of bread, wine, and a bowl of some small green fruits. The lower panels displayed angels bearing sheaves of grain beside a bucolic river. Sherlock was leaning in to try to discern whether the fruits were meant to be olives or grapes when a voice echoed through the church:
"I know," John said, pulling back to try to see Sherlock's face. "But you have anyway. You really have." He knew what Sherlock meant: his body, the curious bond forged by sex. He felt it too. They were ready. He cupped Sherlock's jaw with one hand and caressed his cheek, ran his thumb across Sherlock's lips. Sherlock had already given him the gift of himself, of his bared soul. Of his trust. John wasn't trying to downplay the fact that he wanted to do this, not at all, but the fact that he was approaching it as lighthearted flirtation, when clearly it was something that meant a great deal to him, made John feel fiercely protective of him, and want to do it just right. Not in a rush on his way to work. On the other hand, would there ever be a perfect time? They were just as likely to be interrupted by a summons from Lestrade, or a drop-in client, or a bomb going off in the street outside, no matter how much time they set aside. And it was somehow fitting that it was here, in their flat, where their relationship had started, in what was now their bed, that they finally took this step.
Tristram is relieved. Not just because he didn't interrupt anything embarrassing this time, but also because it doesn't sound like there's anything seriously wrong with his arm. And because, even though it's not so serious, Doctor Watson said it was a good thing Tristram came right away, rather than waiting until tomorrow.
Despite his warning to Sherlock to wear 'dancing shoes', John was dressed in the same style as always: loafers, a pair of loose-fitting trousers, a button-down shirt, and, today, a gray cardigan. Boring. Yet perfect. No one else would look twice at him. No one else would think there was such an interesting person underneath the bland exterior. Although Sherlock did wonder how John would look tomorrow night. He'd found out from Lestrade that it was a black tie affair. No cardigans and brown loafers this time.
Sherlock took a deep breath. Straightened his back. Stood up, pulling his waistcoat down and smoothing his jacket. John continued to brood over his drink.
It's gone as quick as it came, though, and replaced by bog standard mild annoyance. Father puts his hands on his hips and looks up at the sky, running his tongue around the inside of his lower lip. He sighs. "There is nothing wrong with what you saw John and me doing yesterday. And it has nothing to do with you. I recommend you wait for permission before opening doors from now on, however." He looks down at Tristram. "And for the record, the stable is dull and obvious. First place anyone would look. Next time, at least try and be a bit more creative. I always favoured the roof."
"You can go with me," Emily offers. She wanted him to go with her a couple of times before, but it never worked out.
This thing with the talking seems really important to Doctor Watson. Not just now, either. He told Tristram almost exactly the same thing when they went along to Emily's meeting with the lady she got to play games with. Mrs Daniels, that was her name. Tristram doesn't really get how talking about anything is supposed to help. It's just words, and they can't change anything that happened, or make you forget it. Plus, there's something that Doctor Watson apparently hasn't thought of.
"You mean like a social worker?" Tristram asks. He's had to deal with social workers before. The last time was just before he transferred schools, when Father said something to his old teacher that must have raised a flag. He knows what to do: play dumb, look them in the eye, and smile.
. Sherlock kicked the drawer shut. It was just the two of them now. As it should be. John had said yes.
He's still holding out hope that his father's going to come to them, as soon as he's finished with the men he was meeting in Switzerland. The more time passes, though, the more that hope dwindles. But if they're not waiting for Father, what then?
Doctor Watson goes with him into the bathroom so he can check Tristram's back again. The scabs on his knees and elbows from crawling across the broken glass on the floor have almost all fallen off. His hair protected his scalp fairly well, so the cuts there haven't even needed to be checked at all after the first three days.
Sherlock's eyes rested on his. In his. Deep and clear. The promise of a pirate adventure and a safe harbour in one. His smile gentled, and John was flooded with warmth and a giddy sensation not unlike the call to danger that had initially drawn him in.
John didn't try to kiss Sherlock at school next morning, but Sherlock still felt like he had a sign over his head that read 'I snogged John Watson last night, and I liked it'. He was probably unnecessarily stern and short in an attempt to compensate. Not that anyone noticed a difference.
Anyway, his mother made a face that looked like she wasn't sure whether to be insulted or amused - Uncle Mycroft's assistant is good at those faces too - and said, 'Oh darling, that makes me sound like I should be wearing a bouclé suit and hosting five o'clock tea. Call me Irene.'
"I'd like a knife too," Tristram says, displaying the one he took from the stack, "but do you think we could ask if they have one with a magnifier?"
He took a moment to survey the wreck he had made of me. The skin of my chest and stomach was red and patchy, scattered with the broken traces of our activity. Crumbs of wax hung tangled in the hairs on my chest and under my arms, where some stray rivulets had run down. My hair was untamed and ruffled from his hands and my own thrashings. Careful as Holmes had been in attaching it, the collar nevertheless had chafed and rubbed, and my neck felt hot and swollen. And there was my weeping cockstand, purpled and bulging, the ridged knot at the base already beginning to swell. It would not reach its full dimensions without contact with an omega's channel - my experiences with my beta spouse had taught me that - but that did not mean it was tame or unreactive.
John sighs. "Yeah, I get it. I'd feel the same way. But don't you think taking them back is asking for another attempt?"
Father interrupts him: "Something's wrong." He gets up and walks over to Tristram, keeping his eyes firmly locked on Tristram's. "What is it?" He puts his hands on Tristram's shoulders and leads him to the bed, making him sit down on the edge. Right next to where -
"Sherlock, no," Doctor Watson says in a voice that allows no contradiction. He bends down to pick up the box, but Father grabs his wrist to stop him.
Doctor Watson puts a salve from his kit onto all of the cuts, then covers them with fresh bandages again and goes out so Tristram can finish getting himself ready for bed.
"No, it's good, as a doctor you should know that," Sherlock assures him, sounding surprised. "I know it still looks a little rough, but the puffiness will recede in a couple of months and the scar will--"
"What the hell are you playing at!" Doctor Watson growls. He sounds genuinely angry. Tristram's stomach twists unpleasantly. He puts down his fork.
Emily's face twists in indecision as she looks longingly at the book, clearly torn between not wanting to disobey her father and her own inquisitive nature.
"Probably sweets or gum," he surmises. Although Father never eats sweets or chews gum, and he's never seen Doctor Watson with them either. Maybe it's from the hotel. Tristram knows sometimes they leave a piece of chocolate on the pillow. Father solved a case because of that once.
"And thank you very much for sharing that bit of vital information with the rest of us. Or did you tell Mycroft and it's only me you've left in the dark?"
Not ten minutes later, we were able to appropriate the space which had recently been abandoned by the couple with the birch switch. I took my place on the still-warm seat, trying to ignore the curious looks that were already being directed our way. Holmes had a bowl in one hand and a length of rope in the other. The bowl came from one of the side tables where the rose-filled vases resided and contained several fresh chestnuts, no doubt intended as a decorative seasonal touch rather than a snack, as they were still in their porcupine-like hulls. Or perhaps they had been left there to be used for the very purpose which Holmes intended, and which I was yet entirely innocent of.
The next two or three days, I was stiff and sore, which was only to be expected. What I did not expect was the relish with which I luxuriated in each twinge and ache. My every movement reminded me of our actions at the Inferno Club. I reached for my teacup and felt the echo of ropes in the way the sleeve of my dressing gown pulled against my arm. I rolled over in bed and then did it again just to feel the bloom of soreness all along my sides. Every swing of my arm as I walked down the street shot sparks into my armpits, adding a smug spring to my step.
Theoretically, it seemed like a good plan, but all of his theoretically good plans had somehow come round to bite him recently. As the taxi drove away, the marquee over the cinema across the street caught his eye. The movie featured for that evening was one of those John had once expressed disbelief over regarding Sherlock's lack of familiarity with it. If he'd been the superstitious sort, he might have taken it as a good omen. As it was, he tucked the information away for a possible follow-up.
While it was true that a couple of the children had taken away scrapes from the incident with the Blackwood students, the rest of John's statement filled Sherlock with an inexplicable, quiet fury. "Don't be maudlin, John," he said tightly. "You're the one they like, not me."
Tristram tries to reassure her as best he can. Father's said several times that they were safe here, and Tristram has to believe that's true. "I think... I think this is like the safe house, only it's a whole safe country. They can't get us here. But maybe we can't go back until they find whoever's the real bad guy."
Sherlock took a larger sip of his drink. Half the bottle gone, he should be feeling the effect soon. Maybe he shouldn't come clean after all. John was going to stay. He would have a job nearby. Things were back to a more or less comfortable level between them. Let sleeping dogs lie, one part of him said.
Doctor Watson picks up the chair Father was sitting in before and swings it around to face Emily and Tristram then sits down, bracing his elbows on his knees.
At John's raised eyebrows and significant look in Sherlock's direction, she sobered a bit. "Well, any children who aren't as clever as my boys. I'd have them in tears within seconds. No patience at all."
Sherlock waited a moment to see if John would continue. When he didn't, Sherlock slid in closer so their torsos were pressed together, hooked one leg over John's, his chin on John's shoulder, his breath cool on John's neck. Waited again.
But then John let his breath out, a light chuckle, put his hands back into his pockets. Mission aborted. Adjusted his course so there was once again a hand's breadth of space between himself and Sherlock "I don't envy Greg, though," he said, his tone coloured by amusement. "I can tell Daisy's going to be a handful to have for a mother-in-law."
"No, Tris, don't, it's okay!" Doctor Watson holds Tristram down, but Tristram won't stop screaming. They're going to kill him, they're going to kill his father, and Doctor Watson's just going to let them!
Dinner goes much better than last time. Doctor Watson and Tristram's father sit on one side of the table, with Tristram and Emily on the opposite side. Tristram is very pleased with this arrangement, because it means he can talk to Emily easily, and he has a good view of both adults. They have spaghetti, which is brilliant, because he doesn't need to worry about cutting anything up. Nobody mentions the case, or Emily's aunt or mother.
"Sarah, I'll go," John said calmly but firmly as he stood and pulled up his zip. "No offense, but you might draw the wrong kind of attention going out looking like that." He raised his eyebrows affectionately in her direction.
It was silent except for the sound of their breathing. Sherlock should - he should meet John halfway, put his hand over John's, let him know that he wanted this too, that the whole mess they'd been through didn't matter, didn't mean anything for what was between them, what they could be. But again, the seconds slipped away, and John slid his hand off. It hurt the back of Sherlock's throat.
Tristram glances quickly at Father, who's watching him like he's hoovering up every bit of information with his eyes. His main concern, always, is where his father is, but that's been answered. Secondary to that is the state of his father's health, but he presumes there won't be much opportunity for him to be injured while he's shut up in a bedroom with Doctor Watson. Having a nightmare isn't really a concern. His father never does anything for him when that happens anyway. Well, all right, sometimes he'll play his violin, but he doesn't have his violin here so that's a moot point. And he knows if he's really, really upset, or hurt, or sick, the same goes for him as for Emily: knock and one of them will come out. So, no, he doesn't really have any concerns. As Doctor Watson said, it will be just like when he and Emily stayed at their flat. And that was actually fun, aside from the whole walking in on their fathers in the living room part, but that can't happen here because there will be a door between them, and everyone's in agreement as to where everyone else should - and wants to - be.
Finally, finally, after Doctor Watson has checked both of their homework and Emily's redone her spelling, he says they can go play. Tristram wants to play Snap, but Emily wants to play 'Emergency'. Tristram agrees to play Emergency first, because he really does like the feel of his phone in his hand.
"You know how these things are," Sherlock said, affecting a tone of chummy confidentiality. "Last minute pick-ups for another project. They've sworn they absolutely will make every effort to be there on the night, but that's not what it's about, is it? It's about civic pride, showcasing the future of this city, and putting on a roaring good show!" Sherlock winked broadly at the leather-skinned women and their improbable bust lines. They in turn nodded and gazed expectantly back at the mayor.
"Yes," Sherlock snapped and pulled his knees up in demonstration. In fact, he'd always bottomed - mainly as it took less effort. He didn't have to coordinate or think, he only had to relax his body, and then he was free to enjoy the effects on his mind of whatever drug he'd taken. He'd also had sex with Victor several times while not under the influence - all right, not much under the influence - and mainly found it sweaty and a lot of effort for a minor reward. He'd not seen the point in banging away at another body when he got the same outcome from lying on his back contemplating the ceiling, or bent over with his face buried in the crook of his arm to block out any annoying visual input.
Then there are feet on the stairs. Going down. They belong to his father and they're moving fast. An icy chill takes up residence in Tristram's stomach. Father can't leave him like this!
He has managed to blank out the actual image of his father and Doctor Watson lying on the bed together, but the knowledge is still there. It should be okay, it really should. He knows that grown-ups tend to pair off, that it's normal, but all of the adults in his life have been single as long as he's known them: Uncle Mycroft, Grandmother, Mrs Hudson …and of course Father. He's never personally known two adults who live together the way Emily's aunts do. Is that why it makes him uncomfortable? No matter the reason, he's not in the mood to be particularly reasonable anyway. He's feeling out of sorts and hard done by. Father can barely be bothered to so much as put his hand on Tristram's shoulder, but he was touching Doctor Watson
Sherlock most definitely did not want to sit down. Sitting down was not moving toward more nakedness and silent communication. Sitting down was moving toward words that would not be flattering and very likely unpleasant emotions and quite possibly yelling.
Tristram sits in front, bracketed by his father's long legs, and the man in charge gives them instructions in uneven English while they buckle themselves in. Tristram doesn't catch most of it, and he doesn't think Father's paying attention either, but a few seconds later the light turns green and Father lets up on the brake. At first, they're barely moving, and Tristram thinks perhaps they should have listened to the instructions better because it looked like the people before them were going much faster. But then the track dips a bit and they go around a curve, and they pick up speed rapidly. So much so that Tristram tenses and pushes back against Father, because surely they are going to go hurtling off the track!
"No, I suppose I don't," John agreed. "But if he's any kind of decent human being, I should think he'd at least hear us out."
"Sherlock, where are you going?" Doctor Watson bellows, right in Tristram's ear, but Father's already out the door. "Fuck!" Doctor Watson swears with feeling, slamming his hand on the floor next to Tristram's head. Tristram's crying in earnest now. He tries not to, but everything hurts so much, and Father simply left!
But Father dismisses it as unimportant. "Obviously she knows your name, and it wouldn't have been difficult to find out John and Emily's from the hotel records."
John holds his hands up. "I'm not an expert in this area. I'm a surgeon, not a psychologist. You'll obviously do what you want and what you think is best, no matter what I say. And you've done a fantastic job with Tristram, raising him on your own. He's a wonderful kid. I won't pretend I'm better at being a single parent than you. I don't know if I could have done what you did. I had the support of a wonderful woman for most of Emily's life, and Harry and Clara have been an absolute godsend for me.
John's thighs soon clenched with the effort not to rut, blood surging and urging him forward. He was almost at the point where he was going to have to either pull away or make sure Sherlock really wanted to take this to its logical conclusion. He rolled onto his back, dragging Sherlock with him. Ceding control, letting him set the pace.
"Splendid," Sherlock said with his own tight smile. "You are about to discover that I don't believe in cleaning up after others. Now that you know the extent of your error, you will need to inform Lestrade."
Tristram hesitates outside the door to Uncle Mycroft's room, torn between not wanting to disturb Doctor Watson if he's in there, asleep, and wanting to find Emily. If it were him, he figures, waking up in the house of his friend's grandmother, he'd want his friend to come and get him when they woke up, so that he wouldn't have to wander out into the house alone.
They'd barely closed the car doors when a chorus of female voices hailed them from the environs of the house, and Molly came down the poured concrete path followed by two other women. The older one was clearly her mother, (dyed) blond hair messily pulled back into a twist. She wore a brightly patterned shirt, grey leggings and red shoes. The other woman trailed behind, almost hesitant -- teeth clenched in an overly bright, skittish smile. Hand-knit blue fuzzy jumper, shapeless jeans, sandals. The cousin? No, must be Molly's sister, Sherlock realised as she came closer. Same eyes, same nose. Same shade of brown hair, but thinner and cut to a practical chin length. Older than Molly, but not by much. Single. Unhappily so.
Sherlock had never appreciated regular mealtimes before, but this was something he found himself looking forward to, on days when he had nothing else on: sitting with John at the kitchen table or on the couch with their plates in their laps, sharing a meal they'd both had a hand in (whether by buying it, picking it up, making it, or just preparing the area for them to enjoy it in pleasant, sanitary surroundings); half watching the mindless early evening fare or talking about anything that came to mind, what they'd done during their hours apart, what they'd read or heard, theories or ideas they found intriguing or puzzling or troubling, plans for the evening or the weekend or 'some day'. More often than not -- always, in fact, unless they were interrupted -- the mood would carry over through the rest of the evening, a lively discussion continuing into the living room, perhaps accompanied by a bottle of wine, a philosophical disagreement requiring additional research and proofs to be looked up at the desk with John leaning over Sherlock's shoulder, or simply the comfortable hum of mutual understanding and good will and the simple, bone-deep pleasure of each other's company while they both settled into their own pursuits with reading material or music.
Tristram rather thinks arms are important too, for balance, and you need your hands to catch yourself if you fall - which he's certain to do. It probably wouldn't be very good if he landed on his injured hand, cast or no cast.
That was hours and hours ago, though, and there's still been no word, not even from Uncle Mycroft, which is extremely worrying. Even though Father's been gone for longer than this before, this time is different. This time, Tristram actually saw him being taken away, and he saw the men who took him. He can't help but imagine all the terrible ways the scenario could have played out.
"You're doing very well, just try to relax. Is there a blanket in here?" John asked as he took out his phone.
Father leaps over, standing at the side of the window and carefully nudging the curtain aside so he can look out. "Lights, John," he says in a low voice that's thrumming with excitement. Doctor Watson silently flips the light switch by the door, then goes out into the hall and turns the light off there. Finally, he must move into the kitchen, although Tristram can't hear anything, because the light goes off there too, leaving them in the dark.
One may imagine the pang of horror which passed through my very soul, then, when my eyes fell upon the headline proclaiming a vicious attack upon my most dear one not two days hence. I will refrain from repeating a description of my frantic journey to his bedside and the quite serious injuries which he had sustained.
They lie like that for several minutes, just feeling each other's skin and breath and heartbeat, nothing between them but their own thoughts.
I mulled this over as we began our circuit, ostensibly on the lookout for a role to emulate, but I was barely aware of the intimate scenes which played out before us. The only thought in my mind was how to get away from this place without having to inflict pain on my beloved friend. It was true that the acts we had witnessed here so far seemed designed not to cause any permanent damage, and that Holmes had been subjected to worse in his life. I knew he spoke the truth when he said he would not be bothered by a few slaps. Still, I could not see my way clear to raise a hand against him, much less a weapon. Yet I knew he would insist, not only in order to be granted access to Kitty Winter but because he would not want to back down from the challenge and lose face with Johnson.
John was about to get his back up over Sherlock continuing to play hide-and-seek with the truth when all of a sudden, the penny dropped. Sherlock's spyglass and compass stowed under the workbench; the pirate ship; the 1980s. There was no case. Sherlock had brought John here to see one of his boyhood memories. There wouldn't have been any laser tag or 4D cinema back then, probably just the ships, maybe not even all of them. He would have come here some weekend or holiday with his parents and Mycroft, maybe even Christmas Eve one year, seen this ship and promptly spun himself a fantasy of pirate gold and the high seas, poisonings in the mess and swordfights up and down the rigging.
"This is going to be chilly at first, sorry." Which made it sound like a prostate exam, and John was right: it was cold but his finger went in smoothly.
"The candle," I said when he relinquished my lips for a moment to take a breath. "Use the candle on me again."
Sherlock understands what John is trying to say: that the wife and the job mean nothing in the face of a tragedy like the death of a child. But the basic ingredients are still there. He needn't throw everything away. "You'd only have to sell the gold to get cash," he points out.
Sherlock grunted, but seemed pleased. John wanted to say something else, but didn't know what. Wanted to lean his head against Sherlock's knee. Give his foot a squeeze. Kiss him until they were both breathless and gasping. God. John ran a hand over his face, which was suddenly hot and not from the screened-off embers. This was getting out of control. Was it this place? Had Sherlock drugged the cider? He should probably put himself out of temptation's way.
As he slipped his phone into the outer pocket of his coat, his fingers brushed against a paper. He pulled it out and found it was the flyer for the Blackwood School's Christmas bazaar and musical showcase, which was scheduled for the following evening. He was about to toss it into the next bin, but something stayed his hand. He knew he shouldn't care, but he couldn't help being curious about what Moriarty was up to. The rivalry between them ran deep. Before they'd both been dismissed from the Royal College of Music, they'd been scheduled to go head to head in the conservatory's year-end competition. Sherlock continued to feel a deep dissatisfaction at the unsettled score between them. It was like playing a concerto and stopping four bars before the end.
I had learned not to hope, but by now, I believe, I had also learned to accept the turning of the seasons, knowing the inevitable losses of winter would be followed just as inexorably by a new spring.
of saliva-slickened flesh and the ever more frantic susurrations of the air entering and leaving John's lungs.
Now, he strains to hear something - anything. He fancies he hears voices; probably his father and Doctor Watson, discussing whatever they couldn't discuss before with Tristram and Emily around. Something about the reason they're here. He listens harder, but now he can't hear anything at all. Either they've stopped talking, or they've gone somewhere else to continue. The silence presses in on his ears.
John kissed Sherlock one more time, then looked over his shoulder and laughed. "That bloody dog, I think he gets his jollies off watching!"
"Oh, right. Well, seeing as he's at the root of the entire situation with the play, and you're not much for talking about things, I thought I'd try and piece it together for myself."
Emily comes in and crawls over the bed to put her hand against Tristram's forehead. Tristram minds a bit that she's encroaching on his space without so much as a by-your-leave. On the other hand, it's a weird kind of nice that she doesn't hesitate to do so. Like she belongs there or something.
"Virtual space," Sherlock explains quickly, his eyes flitting back and forth across the screen. "Fragmented and encrypted, hidden away behind several firewalls. That's not the problem, however. Mycroft will have people who can access it eventually, but we don't have that much time. He built in a failsafe: if he doesn't enter a password at least once every twenty-four hours, the floodgates are opened. Everything he has on anyone, all the incriminating evidence, will be released and distributed across the internet. Think Wikileaks to the power of ten. Governments will fall, John. And it might become rather difficult to get a decent WiFi connection. Terribly inconvenient."
"You could come back with me," Sherlock blurted out before John could say anything else. He didn't want the evening to end yet. He quite wanted to kiss John some more. A lot more.
John looked over his shoulder from where he stood at the cooker. Looked longer than necessary to check the wines. His eyes on Sherlock's face, his body, his hands, his shoes, back to his face. No heat, none of the simmering dark something Sherlock sometimes felt when John's gaze lingered on him. It was more clinical this time, assessing, as if checking that everything was still in its proper place. So that was it. Not forgotten then. John was concerned Sherlock had been out getting himself into some sort of trouble, that that was the reason for his disingenuity. A simple notion to refute. Sherlock withstood the muster. This would hopefully be the end of it.
The bell rang, signalling the start of the next lesson. Out in the hall, the sound of high-pitched voices and small feet began to swell.
The kitchen was tainted by the echo of John and him laughing over takeaway. The desk by the memory of working on the songs together. Even the upstairs bathroom had the medicine cabinet he'd taken the lotion out of, and the downstairs one the bathtub-cum-murder scene. He might have to move house entirely. Which, given he no longer had the means to pay his mortgage, might end up not being a wholly voluntary decision.
about you," he says. He leans forward and lowers his voice. "I was especially interested in what he had to say about your skill with a..." He looks around as if someone might overhear him, then leans in even closer to speak directly into John's ear. "A gun," he finishes. He makes the word sound indecent, virtually caressing it on his tongue.
"Come on, get these off," she said breathlessly, pushing her hands down between them to get at her own trousers.
It develops that they are not going to Grandmother's at all. They are going to Switzerland. Switzerland! Tristram's only reference point is a chocolate advert that ran a couple of years ago. It showed a lot of cows and mountains and grass. Tristram also knows that Switzerland is famous for making pocket-knives. Father has two, with lots of hidden attachments. That is the sum total of Tristram's knowledge on Switzerland. He's not even sure what language they speak there, although he knows it's not English. Possibly French. Grandmother has lamented on occasion that Father and Mycroft never taught Tristram French. Not that she ever did, either. (It was her first language, apparently, but she gave it up along with Edith).
Sherlock would mind Watson on the days when John worked. He had always done most of his casework from home anyway, and much of the legwork for the rest could be farmed out to Wiggins and his other contacts around the city, or saved until the evenings or weekends. Mrs Hudson was generally willing to spring in for an hour or two until John got home, on those occasions when Lestrade or Hopkins called with something urgent. And they had found a good, steady babysitter, a former nanny to the royal family with training as a bodyguard, whom they could schedule to come when they knew in advance that they'd both need to be out for a longer period.
As they wait for someone to answer the door at Emily's aunts' house, Tristram suddenly wonders if this was such a good idea after all. The last time they were here, things went so poorly. He wishes he could think of something he can do to make sure no one gets angry. Maybe Emily will have an idea.
"I've disrupted your lives enough already," Sherlock says, as if he's the one who's being inconvenienced. "I just need you to stay out of the way for a couple of days and then you'll be free to-"
Still, what harm did it do? People were helped, Sherlock was kept away from other temptations, and John felt more or less useful. He hadn't really thought it important to make it clear he'd have come back even if Sherlock shut down his consulting business and went into beekeeping or professional internet forum lurking. After all, what did it matter why he was there? He enjoyed going out with Sherlock, exploring seedy locales and posh residences, bluffing their way past security guards and fusty librarians, grabbing a sandwich from a stand as they passed by, or debriefing over coffee and a pastry in an all-night cafe. Going home together, still buzzing with caffeine and adrenaline and maybe some other more incriminating hormones, shushing each other on the stairs so as not to wake Mrs Hudson, lingering in the living room, finding excuses not to go up to bed quite yet.
This is set several hours after the end of chapter 23 and was inspired by prompts from getoffmysheet, a-cumberbatch-of-cookies, rifleman_s on LJ, and sabrinaphynn on LJ, who all wanted something about Sherlock and John missing (or arriving late to) Christmas dinner.
Several minutes later, John hadn't responded yet. Sherlock turned Gladstone around to head home. He might not have seen the text, of course. He could be someplace loud and not have heard the message alert. Or he might be sleeping. He probably catnapped during the day to make up for his disturbed nocturnal sleep patterns. Or - the highest probability, given the speed with which he had replied to previous text messages - he could have decided not to subject himself to Sherlock's temper again.
"All right, cheers." John peered at the bottle with interest, and Sherlock took out two glasses and followed him back into the living room with Gladstone clicking behind them.
John waited for the natural follow-up, but when Sherlock didn't deliver, he turned his attention somewhat awkwardly to Gladstone. "Who's this fellow then?" He bent down to offer his hand for the dog to sniff. "Is he yours?"
Tristram had stared at the maroon booklet as she slipped it back into her purse once they were past the border checkpoint.
It's not only that, though; reading between the lines of the bare bones explanation of Tristram's origins that Uncle Mycroft gave him, Tristram's figured out that Irene and Father knew each other for a while, back before Tristram was born. He's not sure if they were ever really friends the way that John and Father are, but they ... well, they must have slept in the same bed, probably more than once. Tristram can't possibly imagine his father willingly spending that much time - and especially in such an intimate manner - with anyone he didn't at least find interesting, to some degree, outside of a case.
John blinks a couple of times, his arms still raised to get cups down. Then he lowers them and goes the few steps into the living room to check on Emily. She appears to be sound asleep on the couch. John looks at the laptop on the table, then down the hall. He sighs a little and picks up the computer.
"Here now, you've only just arrived," Shinwell Johnson said in a jovial enough sort of manner that made me want to knock a tooth or two out of his head. "What about a bit of fun before you get down to business?"
"Yeah, no," John said. It didn't really matter. Things were what they were. People had always made assumptions, and that hadn't changed things between them.
"I'm a doctor, it's under control," Tristram hears John answer. "We just need a moment. Thank you," he adds, almost as an afterthought.
Then they stand there and stare at each other for pretty long, until Emily's aunt clears her throat pointedly.
"Do you trust them? With your daughter's life? Can you say with one hundred percent certainty that Moran's people didn't slip a ringer in?" Sherlock points up at the ceiling. His phone beeps and he looks down at it. "It's your call. I can't stay and argue it, I've got Tristram's signal." He turns and walks out the door.
It's dark in the hallway too, but there is a line of light showing under the door of his father's room. He knows what to do when he needs to speak to his father but the door is closed. He's to knock, wait for an answer, and if there isn't any, he can go in. This may seem counterintuitive, but the reason for a closed door is generally to shield Tristram from noxious chemicals or particularly gruesome dissections. Or, obviously, if Father is using the toilet or something like that. If Tristram isn't to enter yet, Father will say so. If Father can't answer due to incapacitation, it may in fact be vitally important for Tristram to open the door and find out so he can alert Mrs Hudson (that only happened once, when Tristram was six, but they got the room aired out and didn't even need to call an ambulance). Sometimes, Father has simply fallen asleep or is thinking and can't be bothered to respond, and then it doesn't really matter if Tristram comes in. Chemicals and body parts are unlikely here in the bedroom at Llanbroc.
Not that Sherlock has first-hand knowledge of the latter. Not anymore. John may have moved out of the house he shared with Mary, but he hasn't returned to Baker Street. Sherlock must rely on the tint of John's skin, the tone of his muscles and the timbre of his voice to determine the quality of his slumber.
Irene straightens up. "I told you, he's safe. Safe as houses now that that's dealt with." She jerks her head back toward the body on the floor.
"'Dear Father Christmas, I want a smart phone', 'Dear Father Christmas, give me loads of sweets'," Sherlock recited in a high-pitched, mocking voice.
"It's not going to throw me off the wagon to say it. Not even being forced to spend bloody Christmas by myself in this bloody shithole of a flat that- I swear, John, he'd better be a feckin' queen in bed-"
Tristram knocks once, lightly, and says, "Father?" as loudly as he dares, not wanting to wake Emily and Doctor Watson in the next room. He waits a moment, then, not hearing any response, opens the door.
"Will you just... " John looks pained. "Stop. Stop with that nonsense. I'm coming with you because I want to help you... get Tristram back, or whatever else you need, and because I..." He takes a step toward Sherlock but holds back before reaching him and puts his hands in his pockets. "You've been gone for three days, Sherlock," he says helplessly. "I didn't know if you were dead or..." His voice cracks and he stops and clears his throat. "Hell," he rasps, looking away. "Sorry."
I'm happy to announce that dioscureantwins has joined the beta-reading team, together with ruth0007, providing you, the reader, with a smooth ride and even fewer typos. A big thank you to both of them!
"I found out I was wrong about Gents," he says. "Everyone was. Because one day, he went through the ward, made sure all his patients were comfortable, topped up with pain medication, what have you, went back to his barracks, and... Well, he tried to kill himself, Tris." Doctor Watson's hands tighten over each other.
The unpleasant prickles from before have precipitated and solidified into a hard lump of unhappiness in Tristram's stomach. It's not so much that he'll miss Emily sleeping in his room or reading together at bedtime or having someone to eat with, but the knowledge that he's driven Doctor Watson even further away. Maybe he and Father won't even be friends now. Maybe he won't help with any more cases.
John sighed. That was true, it was nearly ten and hardly urgent. "Yeah, all right. Let's see, he took it last night so it's been 24 hours. He should definitely take tonight's dose. Then tomorrow mid-afternoon, and the next day he can start on the morning schedule. I don't think it should be a problem taking them all at once, but they should contact their GP or pharmacist tomorrow to make sure."
They kiss slowly, small unwitting sounds from both of their throats mingling and encouraging, pleading and confirming, circling them before being blown away by the wind.
Moriarty chuckled. "Yes, I imagine you are. You should really drop by sometime. I have plans, you see. I might be able to find something for you."
"Well, this is a turn-up, wouldn't you say?" the man behind the desk chirps, grinning gleefully at Sherlock and John as they enter. His face is pale and boyish even with the faint shadow above his lip. His dark hair is slicked back from his high forehead, and he's wearing a very neat, dark-grey suit.
Maybe he hadn't meant them as a message to Sherlock, directly - and of course no one in the audience would ever suppose that the song could be about anything or anyone other than Joseph and Mary. Maybe John had simply written what he felt, without consciously imagining himself and Sherlock in the roles. He'd clearly realised at some point, though, that what he'd written said more than he wanted to reveal. He might possibly be hoping that Sherlock was as spectacularly ignorant as the population at large, and would never make the connection. Sherlock was happy to play along. At the same time, something in him preened and secretly hoarded the words.
Tristram has a very clear memory from when he was about three years old of Father taking out that pocket knife and flipping out the miniature magnifying glass to inspect a scratch on their door knocker and then concluding that Uncle Mycroft was up in their flat. He was, too. That's the first time Tristram consciously remembers being aware of his father's specific talent for taking seemingly unimportant facts and extrapolating meaningful - and sometimes startling - conclusions from them. And so it would just be nice if he also had a magnifying glass in his pocket knife. But he doesn't see any other models. Maybe he can ask the shop assistant.
"He can't carry a tune and he has no sense of rhythm. I don't know why you even included him on your shortlist."
"No!" Sherlock said automatically. He leaned forward. His first instinct was to grab, but he was afraid John would pull away. He ended up resting his head awkwardly on the back of John's shoulder, one hand brushing his elbow. "You could... stay," he offered, feeling gangly and foolish.
Before Tristram can answer, Doctor Watson's manner changes abruptly to brisk and commanding as his call connects. "Yes, hello, this is Doctor John Watson and I'm at 221 Baker Street, November Whiskey One Five Romeo Tango, with an eight-year-old male, no known allergies, gunshot wound through and through to the right hand, multiple lacerations to back, head, and arms from glass shards, still embedded, working on stabilisation, bleeding minimal. Patient is alert and oriented times three, heart rate elevated one-twenty; respirations elevated, twenty-five and shallow, no abnormal chest excursions; skin cool and slightly clammy; colour and peripheral perfusion good; pressure dressing in place to GSW with normal CMS fingertips and moderate slow seepage. We also have suspected poisoning—same patient—by unknown agent according to parent report about an hour ago, spontaneous vomiting followed by my administration of activated charcoal, 50 milligrams PO, approximately twenty minutes ago. Patient responded well to medication."
"Now," she said, "now," and she felt her face contorting, her eyes squeezing shut as she dissolved into the sensations flooding through her body, her muscles clenching and grasping at John where he was still impaling her.
Irene stops in her tracks, looking startled. "I'll be back," she says, sounding almost flattered that Tristram wants her to stay. He doesn't want her, though, he wants his father.
They pore over the old book, Emily trying to match up the antique illustrations with the versions she knows from her own nursery books, and Tristram briefly explaining the stories she's never heard of. They end up completely losing track of time, until they hear Uncle Mycroft clearing his throat behind them.
"Frightened?" Sherlock rose from his chair, and this time he couldn't do anything about his pulse racing out of his control. Because John had hit the nail on the head - inadvertently, to be sure; Sherlock knew he meant something else - afraid of reverting to the role of the kid brother, afraid of being indebted, afraid of rejection: yes, yes, yes. The most frightening thing of all was how accurate John was with his deduction.
His father looks at him for a long while. Tristram starts to shiver a little. He didn't put on any slippers before coming down, and the floor is drafty. Finally, his father sits up.
John's behaviour wasn't measurably different, either, although the warmth in his smile and the frequency with which he licked his lips - Sherlock was honestly a bit startled to realise now how early in their acquaintance John must have had salacious thoughts about him - told Sherlock that John's memory and assessment of the previous night's activities were fully aligned with his own.
Sherlock leaned against the wall, feigning boredom. Mostly. He expected it was going to get interesting any moment.
John gapes. "You never- I tore the room apart hoping you'd done something exactly like that, but there was nothing. She must have got hold of it before me somehow." He grimaces and presses the heel of his hand to his forehead in realisation. "She was in the room alone with the kids all morning. That's why she needed me out..."
As they clatter down the stairs, Tristram's heart leaps at the sight of his father's lean figure standing in the entryway with Doctor Watson.
"All right." Father squeezes his eyes shut. He's thinking. "All right... He's not going to start shooting randomly into the crowd. He'd need a reason, some provocation..." He pops his eyes open and stands on his toes, looking for something. He still has his hands on Tristram's shoulders, steadying himself.
It's weird, but Tristram doesn't actually remember now how it felt. He remembers his back hurting a lot more, and worrying about his father. "It hurt, I guess," he says. "It was bleeding a lot and your father covered it up so I couldn't see it."
Father glares at her, and Doctor Watson says conversationally, "Shut up, Harry." He steps back and puts his hands in his pockets. "Go on," he says to Father, tilting his head at the door. "Get out of here. We'll see you tomorrow." He's still smiling.
Would he be living in London, or would he have moved someplace like this, out in the country? Perhaps even to this very house, presuming he inherited it. Would he turn his father's workshop out in the shed into a laboratory? He could keep all his noxious fumes and body parts out there, and John would finally be able to enjoy a cup of tea without wondering whether the kettle had been used to store pig placentas.
"I don't know. We don't know," Doctor Watson says, which is pretty much what Tristram expected. But then he adds, "But your dad and I won't let anything happen to you, okay? No one's going to hurt you again."
"You had a fling," Sherlock supplied. Guessing, maybe. Was it news to him too? Or had he known, back at the wedding, or even earlier?
She's wearing a trouser suit, classy, blouse unbuttoned just far enough that he could see her cleavage if he wanted to but not so far as to be deemed immodest.
"Turn over." He wiped his face on his shoulder, then again with his free hand and shuffled forward on his knees.
"That might generate some sternly worded letters from parents," John said before returning the sentiment in kind.
conversation with an esteemed colleague-" He stopped short of naming Moriarty. John's expression had fallen further, from embarrassment to guilt, possibly even dismay.
"No," Sherlock said shortly. This was precisely why he'd wanted to avoid seeing Victor again. Being lectured, having to hear the justifications.
John points at him again. "Shut up. Shut your gob." He leans over, snatches up his pants from the floor and tugs them on.
Holmes did not mind. He became more bold with his strokes, travelling up my length and wrapping his waxy fingers around me, squeezing and jerking until I had to beg him to leave off.
Father steps out of the booth a moment later. He keeps his eyes on the ground. "We should be going if we're to catch the next train," he says gruffly.
Sherlock turned to look at him. He did. He knew what John was saying. It was the reason Sherlock didn't want to give it up either, why he couldn't tell Lestrade, why he didn't want Molly Hooper to help even though John was right: they needed her. And it was exactly the reason why he hated so much what the mayor had done. Because this would spell the end. It had to.
Sherlock finally managed to get his shirt open and peeled the material back, letting him feel the entire expanse of John's torso against his bare skin. He gasped into John's mouth; the multiple sensations of John over him, the contact on his chest and stomach, John's lips and tongue on his face, his lips, his neck, John's firm hand demanding on his cock, were all very nearly too much. And yet he wanted more, he wanted John to cover him and surround him and be part of him.
Sherlock tugged at the sleeves of his suit jacket under his coat. This was such a bad idea. Not meeting John. That was fine. More than fine, really. It was the entire farce with the play. They should have put a stop to it long ago. But John had such faith in it; in them. Sherlock, on the other hand, couldn't possibly see it ending any way other than in a gigantic fireball. Hopefully not literally. Although he shouldn't be surprised. Still, he was going along with it, and he would continue to until either John put a stop to it or disaster struck.
"The game has almost entirely failed to comply," Sherlock said dryly. John giggled. Giggled! Sherlock's face expanded into a reflexive smile in return. Their eyes caught and held. Something settled warmly into Sherlock's stomach, fluttered hopefully behind his ribcage. John's gaze deepened. Maybe not so tentative and fragile. Maybe things were even stronger and more solid than before. A new direction. Or not so new. The same direction. A kilometre further on. A turning into the woods.
John stared at Sherlock, then looked down at the table. His mouth was a thin line, his jaw clenched.
John smiled and licked his lower lip. "Yeah, that's exactly what I'm talking about. I'd um..." He leaned forward to set his glass on the table. "I'd quite like to kiss you, if that's all right." He paused with his elbow resting on one knee, watching Sherlock hopefully.
Father is standing behind Doctor Watson now - right behind him, the whole length of his body against Doctor Watson's back, with one hand on his shoulder - and looking at the pictures Doctor Watson's holding. His face is expressionless.
"Not often enough," Angelo answered for him. "I'm beginning to think you don't like my cooking," he teased.
Tristram tries very hard to close his ears without actually putting his hands over them. He can close his nose from the inside, and he can close his eyes without using his hands. Why isn't it possible to close your ears?
From there he established a relentless routine. Each application of the flaming liquid was followed by a stroke or three, the torture prolonging the pleasure, following the same pattern as the pair with the violet ray had practiced at the club.
His face puckers up in confusion. "Why would they be kissing? They're just getting dinner ready." And anyway, his father never kisses anyone. Other than, sometimes, exceptionally, Tristram, like he did on Friday Afternoon after they got out of the building with the chair and the bomb, or one time when Father was in hospital after getting shot chasing a bad guy, and Tristram was crying so hard. But Tristram had been little then, maybe five. He wouldn't cry like that today, and getting kidnapped and tied to a chair with a bomb was also an exceptional experience (he hopes, at any rate). So, no, in Tristram's estimation, there would be no reason for his father to kiss anyone, much less Doctor Watson.
"That won't be necessary," Holmes rejoined, and I quite agreed. The sooner we were quit of this place, the better.
"Sherlock, I thought we... We can't afford a distraction. Not now." John leans into Sherlock's touch, belying his words.
"Good," Doctor Watson says, satisfied. "Let's go then. I have something for both of you, but I want to wait until we're home so I can explain it to you."
Sherlock's hand was now working John quite thoroughly, a thin film of slick wetness lubricating his strokes. John reached down to press his palm against Sherlock's groin and found it heavy and hot, even through the clothing still covering his lower body. John dragged his nails over the animal skin, causing Sherlock to gasp and buck and stutter in his own ministrations on John.
"Come," he calls to Tristram as he walks away, his hands in the deep pockets of his coat. Tristram waves to Emily, who's dragging her feet after her father in the opposite direction.
"Didn't see the finger 'til after," Tristram says, mumbling into the duvet. The whole thing makes him feel sheepish, now. Father would certainly never have made that mistake.
"You mean the same person you saw under your window? I don't know. Yet," Father says, as if it's only a matter of time before his suspicion is confirmed. "I picked up some hairs and an ash sample from the room across the street. I'll need to compare the ash to what I found on the path at Llanbroc. Either way, however, he wasn't one of Mycroft's men."
John's habits don't betray him either. He goes to work — steady work, at the same clinic where he met Mary, although she's not currently on the rotation there. He eats meals on a more or less regular schedule. He goes to the shops twice a week and is safely inside his flat by midnight every night. In short: he functions. Sherlock supposes most people would call that 'fine' after all.
"Yeah." John hesitated. They'd gone back and forth on this ad nauseum that first day, when John had come home from work to find everything moved around. The very first moment, he'd thought this was what Sherlock intended: the two of them together, sharing a room, sharing much more. He'd been overwhelmed, unable to articulate a coherent thought in the face of what he thought was a blatant declaration, touched nearly to the point of tears. Sherlock must have seen something else on his face, though -- or perhaps exactly that, a commitment he didn't want -- and hastened to assure John that he, Sherlock, would be sleeping on the couch. That John would have his privacy. But now he was here, willingly. If confused.
Sherlock was only halfway through his cigarette when he heard footsteps approaching. He flicked the still-smoking butt away and feigned being occupied with his phone.
Emily's asleep. She drifted off sometime after Father finished his shower and John took his turn in the bathroom. Tristram actually fell asleep, too. At least, he doesn't remember John going back to the bedroom, but at some point he became aware of the shouting.
John, on the other hand, didn't find it problematic at all. "Yes!" he said enthusiastically. "All the girls will be Mary and all the boys will be Joseph. No, no, it'll be perfect," John said in response to Sherlock's ever more sceptical expression. "See, we'll pair them all up, all round the stage-" He gestured vaguely around.
"Sherlock-" John's voice was low and beautiful with barely controlled anger. Sherlock smiled to himself. Because there was something else, something almost as interesting.
John huffs out a laugh. "Sherlock, I think I would quite literally do anything you wanted me to, which is a fairly frightening thought. But for this..." John takes a deep breath and looks Sherlock square in the eye. "Did you get an enema kit, along with the condoms and lubricant?"
John half wakes up when the mattress moves in the middle of the night. "Em?" he croaks, turning over groggily.
That's what Mrs Hudson always said, anyway, when Father would sweep out of the house after days of inactivity, calling out, 'Off out, Mrs Hudson,' on his way past her door.
To his delight, he found the rest of a packet of cigarettes in the pocket of the borrowed jacket. He begged a light off a girl at a bus stop on the way back to John's street. God, that first drag felt good, even if he knew he'd pay for it later in cravings. It was dangerous; giving in to one craving opened the door to all the rest. He really needed it now, though. And there were only four cigarettes left, and he wasn't going to buy any more.
I confess to being not a little angry that he thought this an appropriate matter to bring to me. For all I could conclude was that either he or his wife had fallen in love with someone else but not yet acted upon it, and were agreed to quietly allow the other to conduct their business in private, and lead from then on separate lives. The fact that he was so easily willing to give up the house indicated that he was the party at fault. I surmised that he wanted my help in finding his mysterious lost object, or to keep it safe from his wife. I asked if this were the case, although I may have done so in a less than cordial manner.
"A meaningful life?" John exclaims, incredulous. "Who am I to judge? Is that what I have? Is this a meaningful life, right here?" He sweeps his hand around the shabby space.
"So I'd gathered," Irene says dryly. Her eyes flicker to Father. There's a hint of amusement there, as if she's sharing an inside joke with him. His expression remains impassive.
"Sorry it took so long," he said. He sounded tired. He looked it too, his face pale and the bags under his eyes more prominent than usual. "The chemist around the corner was already closed, so I had to go to the train station." He pointed at a white paper bag on the dresser. "I hope I got the right brand."
John munched on the snacks, eyeing Sherlock shrewdly, then said, "You ever do a favour for someone who owns a Tex-Mex place? Because I think I could go for a burrito next time. Cover all the continents." He grinned, and Sherlock was momentarily overcome by his generosity in changing a subject he was so obviously curious about.
"Abflug," Emily says to Tristram, grinning like it's a joke. It does sound funny. Tristram smiles too.
"What? No! No, it was nothing." John waved Sherlock's doubts away with his hand. "Bad memories. My wedding, you know. All that. I mean not you. Not the wedding itself. That was all grand."
"I've never... You might have to give me a bit of guidance," Sherlock muttered. It was somehow odd, discussing sex like this, calmly and rationally, with one finger up his arse and John's cock red and twitching practically under his nose. Sex with other people had always been nothing more than the physical act, maybe some muffled grunting or at most directions for where to lie or rambling, drug-induced monologues. This casual familiarity spoke of a mutual respect and caring that was hitherto wholly outside of Sherlock's experience.
him. This wasn't about taking physical pleasure, it was about sharing something and demonstrating something, and, Sherlock realised with a heart-stopping jolt, it was about
"There are still two more songs, the duet for Mary and Joseph, and the last one with the scene in the stable," Sherlock reminded him. He found he didn't actually want John to leave yet. Or, perhaps, ever. That was bad. Having fun and enjoying this situation was one thing, but becoming dependent was something else altogether.
Sarah groped John's crotch, finding a thick, yet still soft handful there. "You named your dick after your flatmate?" she said, wrinkling her nose and barely able to stop from collapsing into helpless laughter.
When John came back downstairs with a dry shirt, he found himself agreeing to a game of Parcheesi despite less than positive experiences in the past with Sherlock and board games. He figured at least this was mostly down to the luck of the dice, so Sherlock wouldn't be able to argue his way to an advantage.
Emily goes through the steps he showed her, then holds the phone to her ear. "It's ringing, why isn't your-" she says, but just then, Doctor Watson's phone buzzes.
"We're not doing it like this, Sherlock. This isn't one of the choices," John informed him evenly, even as he applied pressure on the dildo to angle it up more firmly against Sherlock's prostate.
It's a good thing it isn't London, because if it were, John wouldn't be twelve hundred kilometres away and Sherlock might well not be able to resist lessening the distance to mere centimetres, if that.
"You'll want to take those off too," he said over his shoulder. Then he paused and turned his head toward her, his zip already lowered. "Unless you've changed your mind?"
"Oh, fuck..." John said unsteadily. "I really... Not that I'm not completely on board with this, but just so you know, I really did only come in here to sleep- Don't stop!" John said immediately when Sherlock lessened the pressure.
The police pulled them aside for interviews - separately - as soon as they stepped out of Lestrade's office. It was easy to convince the officer that it was a case of poor judgment rather than malicious intent, but when they finally let Sherlock go, John had already left. While it was obvious where he'd gone and with whom (pub, Stamford - clearly the 'space' he needed was away from Sherlock, not humanity in general) Sherlock opted not to shadow him. Instead, he went home, got Gladstone, and set off for a long walk and a think. His time would be utilised more efficiently coming up with a plan for what to do next than dwelling on the look on John's face when he'd left Lestrade's office.
Sherlock had figured out after the second question, based on the response percentages, that there were a total of 9 devices transmitting responses in the pub. Most of them representing teams or couples, although there was one other solitary user seated in a booth by herself, an unassuming white-haired lady with thick-lensed glasses who had been slowly devouring an enormous plate of chips smothered in mayonnaise over the course of the evening. One for each answer she got right. He was all but certain she was 'SassyFox', who was currently holding the lead. Sherlock had missed 'Who preceded Queen Victoria on the British throne?', 'In which American state was Madonna born', and something about Chad Varah which he hadn't been able to see the screen for because a large party had walked past his table just then.
There are two dining rooms. Tristram assumes his father meant the family dining room, as opposed to the formal one. Although Emily and her father are guests, this doesn't seem to be an official visit. Grandmother hasn't even received them yet. However, when they get to the family dining room, they find the table unset and the sideboard empty, so Tristram goes through into the bigger room with the huge chandelier. But there is nothing set out there either.
John put his beer down so he could scroll through the list. "Okay," he said after a few moments. "Some interesting choices here. You know, some people might see this as controlling."
"Come on, come here, like you were before," John says once he's ready and has pushed his underwear down as far as he can get it one-handed. He rolls onto his back and tugs at Sherlock's arm.
It seemed that John was having some kind of second thoughts as well, as he suddenly broke away, taking laboured breaths through his nose. His face was pinched and pasty, his eyes squeezed shut. "Fuck. Fuck. Sorry."
"Sometimes I wonder," John says softly. "God." He lays one hand alongside Sherlock's cheek so that his thumb brushes Sherlock's mouth.
It took him several more deep breaths to get the words out. "I'm really quite hopelessly in love with you, Sherlock Holmes." Then he took a step forward so they were toe to toe, reached up to put his hand on the back of Sherlock's neck, and pulled him down for a kiss. It was dry, and brief, and so full of longing and affection that John was frankly surprised his lips didn't spontaneously combust. He tasted the cigarettes on Sherlock's breath but let it slide. He probably hadn't tasted a treat topped up with beer and whisky the other night either.
He'd have to see Victor once more, of course, at the ceremony, but it would be a simple matter to avoid speaking to him. He only needed to keep John away from him as well. It might have been smarter to let John think Victor was one of Sebastian's ilk after all. This way, all he'd done was pique John's curiosity further.
It takes a moment for Tristram to realise he means his bag, which slid off his shoulder during their dash down the stairs, and is now dangling from his elbow. It's practically empty, so it's not heavy. Tristram hitches it up onto his shoulder, ignoring the way it pulls on his still-fresh cuts, and grins up at his father. "Yep," he says happily.
Moriarty laughed again. "Oh, Sherlock, if you aren't the most precious thing. I'm kidding, of course. Kidding! We don't have any openings. But it never hurts to keep your options open, so don't lose faith. Now." He reached into an inside pocket of his coat and pulled out a flyer, which he thrust at Sherlock. "If you want to see how the other half lives - those of us who are actually competent at what we do, I mean - why don't you pop round to our Christmas bazaar? We're doing a showcase, and the talent we've got-" Moriarty made a sign with his hands like fireworks going off. "I think you might really learn a thing or two."
The next couple of days passed by in much the same way. John was friendly during school, chatting and perhaps even skirting the line to flirting - Sherlock wasn't certain about that, however; he had the shameful suspicion that was only wishful thinking on his part. In any case, he didn't extend any more invitations to Sherlock. Sherlock actually found his heart leaping into his throat when his mobile chimed one evening, only to discover that it wasn't John at all, but Lestrade, asking when it would be convenient to hold a meeting with the parents to discuss the filming. He deleted the message unanswered and threw the phone down on the table in disgust.
Father closes his eyes too. He pushes his face down closer to Doctor Watson's. They're not quite kissing, but their noses are smushed together. "John..." Father breathes out, barely audible.
I requested that any reply be directed to my practice, and it was thence that I hastened on my evening round. I was rewarded with a brief yet succinct letter which provided me everything I had asked for. I packed up a couple items from the surgery, and a quick detour to Fortnum's on my way back saw me equipped with everything I might need.
"I think that's only fair," Doctor Watson says. "I have to be at the hospital for the afternoon shift. It shouldn't take all morning to fill your brother in, though. When do you want to go?"
"I don't know, Mr. Holmes," Johnson said with a hard glint in his flinty eyes. "I say it is. After I went to all the trouble of wrangling you an invitation."
John looks suddenly toward the terrace. They left the window open, and the sound of shouts can be heard from outside. "No pressure or anything, but I think that's the least of our worries."
John flumped down, landing half on top of Sherlock. He tilted Sherlock's head with his hand on Sherlock's chin and kissed him slowly and thoroughly. Sherlock couldn't really appreciate it, though, as his cock was still screaming for attention. He picked it up again, aware that the slickness on it now was mostly from John, which wasn't entirely hygienic but he honestly couldn't be arsed. He jerked at himself, hard and fast, while John lifted himself up on one arm and stared down at him.
"Will you let me know?" Mary says, her eyes still trained in the direction John went. "How he's doing, I mean?" She looks up at Sherlock then, grimacing as she indicates her figure. "It's a bit hard for me to, you know. At the moment."
Part of John is buried here. Not just his genetic material, although that's there too, combined intimately with Mary's until it found a novel expression, a new life bearing the prospect, despite everything, of happiness and hope to a man who so desperately needed it. Deserved it. But now that hope is buried too, and John is not fine. Sherlock would exhume that hope with his bare hands if he knew how. As it is, he feels that all he can offer is messy handfuls of decay anyway.
Molly spotted Sherlock first, and when she did, she became … less fluttery and pink than usual. In fact, she looked almost smug, flicking her eyes back to John and murmuring something that caused him to turn toward Sherlock with a pleased smile that only became deeper when Sherlock approached. Not completely given up yet, then. Sherlock felt a bit smug at that himself. John's ears turned red and he shoved his hands into his pocket as he straightened up. Sherlock also didn't miss the fact that John gave him a toe-to-head once-over and darted his tongue out to swipe across his lower lip before speaking.
"Yes, funny thing. I wasn't made aware until just now that there's been a massive cock-up in communication. The play is still on."
"Call in sick for yourself and your daughter," Sherlock says as if speaking to a very small child. "It's not difficult to figure out."
He spoke the words first, then played the phrase again and sang it as well, for good measure. When he indicated that they should sing it back, perhaps a third of them made an attempt, and even those trailed off somewhere between Nazareth and the shofarim.
I glanced down and lifted my hips against his to make my meaning clear: I wanted the hot wax there, on my most tender and intimate part. I wanted to know that searing sting, to surmount that Everest of agony, and I believed Holmes would not need much persuasion to inflict the treatment.
I was at his side in a trice, prising the bottle from his fingers. "Have I not made it clear I hate the stuff? Holmes, all of this..." I set the perfume down and tried to calm my breaths. It defied all logic and sense that he still had not understood. I took his hand in both of mine, but he only let it lie limply in my grasp, as if he were not certain whether to withdraw. I continued, once I was sure of what I wanted to say: "This does not spring from some vulgar desire of a lonely relict and widower. I do not want an omega to quench my thirsts. It is you. Only you." His hand twitched in mine. I pressed it firmly, and he now returned the gesture, clenching my fingers as in a vise.
By the time they leave, Tristram is yawning and Emily's leaning against her father, her head tilting to the side.
"I think you're a fucking lunatic is what I think," John says, speaking loudly to be heard over the wind, and being careful not to lose his footing on the gently sloping surface.
Still, he's nervous about having his new phone in his pocket, and he keeps fingering it throughout the school day. He has to force himself to stop, finally, when he has the impression that Sebastian is looking at him curiously. Even though Sebastian's pretty much left Tristram alone lately, if he suspects that Tristram has something interesting in his pocket, he'll probably find a way to get it away from him, and either have it confiscated or - worse - take the mobile for himself.
John stretched and twisted his upper body while trying not to dislodge Sherlock in order to reach down and drag Sherlock's trousers up from where they'd been discarded on the floor. One-handed, he fumbled in the pockets until he found the phone. Sherlock picked up his pace. He felt the approach of his own orgasm tingling, still distant, still controllable, but dark and alluring. His own personal siren, one he had always been able to close his ears to, before. But not now, not anymore. Not since John had offered, and now he was all but hopelessly ensnared. He wanted this, to do this, here, just like this, always and exclusively. Dangerous.
John paused in typing up his notes from the case they'd solved that afternoon. Sherlock had said it looked interesting enough to end their visit for, although he probably would have said that about a dognapping. Four days at his parents' house was apparently his limit. His father was doing well, having been sent home yesterday afternoon. He was taking the stairs slowly but not getting winded or experiencing any chest pain. The incision was healing well too. John had checked it one last time before they left that morning, deeming even the light dressing no longer necessary.
"I said my bed's bigger." Sherlock seemed preoccupied with his notes but there was a tension in his body, a flicker at the corner of his eye that told John he was actually paying very close attention to him.
to have someone else in his life, exactly, but he'd long felt that there was space for something else, something that his job and Gladstone and his observations as an outsider didn't fill. John had said he found interacting with Sherlock exciting. Maybe that was exactly what Sherlock was missing: a little excitement.
Again, Sherlock answers without John needing to say anything: "Even someone like Magnussen may draw the line at involving children so directly. But indirectly? What do you think Mary would do if she found out you had cheated on her with one of her bridesmaids?"
John raised his eyes to Sherlock's. "Last time it was you fixing my tie pin, trying to talk me down off the ceiling."
He looks again at his cast. He likes seeing his father's promise there, and being able to carry it around with him and read it whenever he likes. Next to that is Emily's mouse, with a speech bubble coming out of its mouth. It says,
"It's a very small country," Sherlock points out. Without detaching his lips from John, he leans back and gropes around for the faucet to the large, round bathtub.
Sherlock made sure he ended up seated next to John, and adjusted his chair so they were angled toward each other and within easy reach. Sherlock caught Mycroft measuring the distance from Sherlock's hand to John's knee. Liam and Saffron ended up on the far side of John, closer to Mycroft. Perfect.
After breakfast, Father says he has some things to check on up in their room, so John takes Emily and Tristram out to explore the town a bit. Irene attaches herself to them. Tristram can tell John isn't happy about that at all, but he asks Tristram if it's all right with him, and it is, as long as John's there too, so John just gives Irene a tight little smile and a nod and they set out.
Usually, when it's just he and his uncle, they play for at least an hour, but Tristram can tell Emily's getting restless, and Uncle Mycroft sends them off shortly after that to amuse themselves until it's time for dinner.
John came back and took up his position again - this time closer to Sherlock, leaving room for Molly to join their little group. "Sherlock brought a camera to record the kids this morning," he told her. "When do you think you can spare half an hour?"
John shook his head as he picked his spoon up again. "I don't think I'll ever get over that," he said.
He had already appeased John on the way to the restaurant by saying he would call Mycroft as soon as he got home that night. He had no intention of doing so, of course, but it wouldn't matter by then. The point was that he was now left with nothing say to distract him from the gentle pressure of John's knee against his, the inescapable consciousness of his solid physicality mere centimeters away. All of it exacerbated by the knowledge that he would never be this close to John again. This was his last chance to collect data: how far away he could feel John's body heat, how long John's eyelashes were, exactly what path his hairline described at the nape of his neck, the pitch of his voice when he cleared his throat before speaking...
"And you think they're just going to sit back and wait while we have snowball fights and eat fondue?" It doesn't come out quite as scathing as it might have.
"It's fine. Over and done with," he said, only half aware of his own words. He was silently, madly, trying to keep up with what Mr Holmes was saying. Or rather, what he wasn't saying, what the assumptions were underneath his words. Because to John, it sounded a hell of a lot like Mr Holmes thought both Sherlock and John would be sleeping in this room for the next two nights. Together. In the same bed. Which. Was not something John would necessarily have a problem with, except. He almost burst out laughing at how ridiculous this was. There was no way Sherlock would have told his parents anything like this. Had they simply assumed? Should he set things straight? Straight. Ha! Would it make things unbearably awkward if he spoke up, pointed out the error? It would be awkward either way. No, it would be better to let Sherlock do it. He wouldn't have any qualms about correcting his parents' (or only Mr Holmes'?) incredible leap of logic.
Sherlock closed his eyes, breathed in deeply, as if catching a scent on the wind. The three girls next to them finished taking selfies and moved away, leaving them alone at the railing. John leaned forward, resting his elbows on it.
Mr Holmes's face lit up. "He always loved going to the dockyard. I don't think he's been there in ages. Not since he was quite small. He refused to go anymore once Mycroft left. I'm glad he took you."
Irene is perched on top of the desk, facing forward as if waiting for company. She has her gloved hands folded demurely in her lap and her legs dangle playfully over the edge. She inclines her head slightly in Sherlock and John's direction and gives them a cool smile.
"Who says I'm not interested?" But it was teasing. John was smiling at Sherlock, something warm and happy in his eyes. Maybe the baking did help. Something loosened inside Sherlock that he hadn't even been aware was clenched tight.
"There were at least nine armed gangsters in the next room," Sherlock hisses. "The window shattering was rather loud, I couldn't exactly hang around to -"
"What did you think of John then?" Sherlock asked Gladstone as he waited for his computer to boot up.
"It's too bad I didn't choose the forceps," Holmes mused after the third or fourth dose of hot wax on that side. "You respond so prettily to being pinched." The last word was punctuated by a sharp twist between his thumb and forefinger.
Doctor Watson smiles and lets out a big sigh. "Thank God. You just about gave me a heart attack with that one." Tristram's pretty sure he's teasing, although his alarm did seem real. "But really, Tris, anything. Any time."
"What were you thinking, putting me in charge of the play?" Sherlock demanded later in Lestrade's office. "I thought we agreed after what happened five years ago I wouldn't do it again." He paced in the small room like a caged tiger, trying to figure out what Lestrade's motive could possibly be for such a hateful move. Sherlock hadn't done anything particularly awful lately, certainly nothing that deserved a punishment this extreme.
"Which is as it should be," Sherlock said coolly. "You don't need to know anything more about me. You're my classroom assistant, not my- Not anything else."
Sally finally got a line on them. They were standing by the window, their heads leaning together in order to be heard over the ambient noise. "They're just talking." Not that she had any particular desire to defend Holmes or his assistant, but she didn't see anything untoward. And she felt like being contradictory to Nigel, who had been a rather humongous dick the past couple of weeks.
Sherlock kisses back with equal fervour if somewhat less desperation, both arms wrapped around John's back, his hands clenched in the material of the jacket John's still wearing.
A knock sounded at the door of the vestry where they were cooling their heels until the guests were all seated. "Five minutes, guys!" Greg's voice called though the door.
"I don't agree because it's an asinine-" Father begins, but Grandmother doesn't let him get any further.
Sherlock relaxed his left arm to let it curl around John's shoulder. John bent his elbow to draw their joined hands in close to their chests. His arm around Sherlock's back held him snugly to his body. When the music started, their feet set into motion as one, not fast, not far, just enough for them both to feel the other's flesh and sinew, their combined power and strength, the anxious tension of the first dance given way to a new tension, the strictures keeping them apart released, redrawn as a thread drawn taut between them. Poised. Ready to be sprung.
"You'd be sorely mistaken if you think I'd play Christmas carols for my parents," Sherlock said, his voice warm and intimate, with a touch of amusement.
"I didn't," Sherlock answered automatically. It was even the truth. Technically. "I would hardly take Gladstone with me if I were trying to shadow you." There, a flash of displeasure. And the damnable part was, Sherlock's first impulse was to try and fix it. "I did see you at the play," he said, "but I didn't know you were going to be there. And I didn't follow you here. I walked a different route. That's why you were able to beat me by ten minutes, despite your leg acting up again."
"A figure in a children's story?" Sherlock surmised, then waved the notion away when John confirmed it. "Dull." Sherlock couldn't fathom why John would be comparing him to such a character. From the description, she sounded more like Mycroft, if you ignored the 'magic' bit and read 'stomach' for carpetbag. And he did always have an umbrella over his arm; Sherlock didn't doubt he took it on aeroplanes with him as well.
Sally peered through the teachers' lounge full of staff members drinking, chatting, even attempting to dance to a CD of Christmas songs someone had popped in to lend the party some holiday spirit.
John left the buttons to Sherlock and reached down between them. His hand grasped Sherlock's cock through his pants and stroked him while he nudged under Sherlock's jaw to kiss and suck there, working his way back up to Sherlock's lips.
Doctor Watson, though, is still trying to explain why it doesn't matter whether they have the curtain open or closed. "Look," he says, "all the things that have happened - with Claire, and the pies, and everything else. Each of them only happened once, and we had no idea what the next one-" His face does something peculiar, like he's just heard a painfully bad pun. Then he says, "Okay, no, that's not where I want to go with this."
Tristram wants to ask when he can go to Emily's house after school again (it's more fun than spending all afternoon alone or having to be quiet so his father can work), but he's afraid to say anything because of how their fathers are acting.
John stayed with Sherlock through the next quiz round, moving his chair around to sit on the same side of the table so they could both see the screen and reach the input device. John sat back and slowly drained the rest of his beer, commenting or making suggestions, laughing and commiserating. SassyFox continued to make progress through her chips. WestHamSucks had left, and FridayNightLights became a contender. Sherlock came in third for the round, even with John's help, but it didn't matter. Because John was here with him, a solid warmth at his side. Even if they weren't touching, he could feel it. Not his body heat, but his affection and good will, his happiness and quiet satisfaction in sharing this moment of banality with Sherlock. Just being together. Friends. Best friends? Somethings.
Twenty minutes later, John came out, shaved and dressed, looked pleasantly surprised at the cuppa and plate of food on the table, sat down, and dug in.
(Grandmother is the only person that Tristram knows of who Father ever defers to. Tristram has theorised in the past that the reason might be that she is quite possibly even cleverer than Father. She can hold her own on any subject he's ever heard raised in the house, at any rate, and can read Tristram with as much ease as his father can. But then, Father has admitted on more than one occasion that Uncle Mycroft is also terribly clever, and complained that he could just as easily do the tasks he asks Father to handle, if he could only be bothered to unglue himself from his chair. So Tristram supposes that it might not be Grandmother's cleverness after all that Father is mindful of.)
Without breaking eye contact, Sherlock picks up John's hand from where it's resting on the mattress and slides it under his tee. John draws his lower lip in and wets it then tilts his face up in invitation. Sherlock dips in to brush his mouth over John's, just enough so they can share breath. John stretches his lips to steal tiny kisses, but Sherlock moves with him, never allowing their mouths to fully meet.
Sherlock swung the door the rest of the way open and strode in. "What's going on here?" he said in a commanding tone.
Sherlock paused in front of a stall selling a selection of aromatic teas and exotic coffees, considering whether to purchase a bag for John - if he made it a Christmas present, it wouldn't be too naff - before he caught himself. He never bought Christmas presents. Aside from those for his mother and Mycroft, but they were expected on pain of death or, worse, emotional blackmail, and were always the same: a bottle of perfume for Mummy and a tie for Mycroft, which he always exchanged.
Sherlock thumbs through the controls. When he's finished, he stays where he is, though, tightening his grip on John's shoulder slightly in order to pull him in closer against his body.
"I saw a man," Tristram admits, cringing internally at how stupid he's going to sound. But maybe he really does need to reassure John that there wasn't anyone there. "He reminded me of the man from the airport. But it wasn't him. The man I saw was white, and I know they caught him. Mister Tonga," he adds for clarification.
It was insufferable that he'd been stuck up at the front table with the rest of the wedding party for the entirety of the dinner service, including dessert, while John sat at one of the other tables with a bunch of strangers. It was a small wedding, only about thirty guests, but Sherlock hardly knew anyone, aside from Molly's mother and sister and the five other men who had been at the stag night. Greg's father was frail, so he and Mrs Lestrade had only stayed for the tea. Sherlock had assumed the duty of driving them back to the train station, which meant he hadn't even been able to mingle with John during the break between tea and dinner.
"I don't know," Tristram says, only half paying attention to her. He's still watching her father and the woman. Doctor Watson leads her out of the breakfast room, but Tristram can still see them. Doctor Watson's let go of her, and they're talking. He's shaking his head and pointing at their table. The woman looks angry too now, her eyes and mouth hard and flat.
Tristram glances at Emily. She's wiping her finger through the last of the jammy bean sauce on her plate and doesn't seem to have noticed anything.
He sat down carefully on the bed. "How you doing?" he asked, keeping his voice low and calm because this was for Sherlock. Sherlock needed this.
"There aren't any profiteroles from Trifton's," Sherlock scoffed. "I'd have found them, and the shop's closed today so you can't be buying them fresh."
"I intend visiting the British Museum later on," I said, watching my friend carefully for any sign of his intentions. "I want to compare some of my sketches of Tibetan mummies with the new Egyptian ones they have on display." I berated myself instantly at Watson's slight flinch. The reference to my three-year sojourn was oblique, to be sure, but I should have been more circumspect. It was still a sore point, and one that went unaddressed for many reasons.
Tristram believes him. He has faith in his father. He was right about there being no more bombs and no more kidnappings too. But he didn't say anything about being shot. And Mister Tonga wasn't trying to hit Tristram at all. He was trying to hit Doctor Watson. So even though no one is coming after him, that doesn't mean that nothing will happen to Tristram. Or to Father. Or Doctor Watson, or Emily, Tristram finds himself mentally adding, to his slight surprise. He doesn't want anything to happen to them, either. So even though Father's reassurance is, on one level, well, reassuring, Tristram has experienced enough to know that it's no guarantee any more. His father does not, in fact, know everything, no matter how much it sometimes seems that way.
Father used to read to him, when Tristram was little. Dorling Kindersley, David Macaulay, David M. Schwartz. But when Tristram figured out how to make the letters coalesce into meanings, they stopped. It was faster and easier to read for himself. He'd sometimes ask for help with a word here and there, but it would have felt silly for Father to do something for him that he was perfectly capable of doing himself. Just like he never asks his father to tie his shoes for him, or make him breakfast, or titrate his soil samples.
What was it that had put John off? It wasn't the relationship itself. John had never shown any signs of being jealous of either Lestrade or Molly, and in fact had expressed spontaneous delight and pleasure upon first hearing the news. It wasn't until Sherlock had mentioned he was going to be involved as the best man that John had retreated and extended his bristles. Did he think Sherlock was going to fill their shared living space with sample books, mock-ups, menus, and scale models the way they had for John's wedding?
The singing came to a ragged end. The pupils giggled and whispered to each other as they shuffled quickly to their places. The man pulled himself stiffly to standing. Sherlock noticed the cane only now - left-handed, non-dominant arm injured, rank of at least captain, possibly major, given his age.
Father is not in a good mood. He's done nothing since they got in the car but stare out the window, clutching his gloves in his lap. He hasn't corrected the driver's route so much as once, despite the fact that even Tristram could have chosen less busy thoroughfares. If he didn't know better, he'd think Father didn't want to go on this trip after all. But it was Uncle Mycroft who didn't want them to go, and Father who insisted, so it must be something else.
He smirked and proceeded to attend to my other nipple in a similar manner. I was in an agony of ecstasy, my chest screaming for respite even as my prick demanded to be included.
Nothing had ever worked. Not pretty smiles, not cross finger-waving, not tears, not threats, and certainly not being cut off from any means of support and told to fend for himself. Until now. Until a worn (resilient), unassuming (steadfast), discarded (loyal), little (great) man appeared and told him he was extraordinary, and gorgeous, and brilliant, and meant every word of it.
Still, when all is said and done, Holmes and I prefer the privacy of our own rooms, shut away from the world and out of the reach of its staid strictures. The challenge is always part of it, the edge of danger dancing with us, but equally so the affirmation of our connection, the acceptance of those parts of us we may have difficulty understanding ourselves, and which the world rejects utterly. Here, between us, in our touches and shared breaths, in our pinches and cries, our bites and slaps and kisses, there is no cruelty or selfishness, but only love and devotion. For then, for now, and for always.
The third one, also on his left side but closer to the middle, doesn't hurt either. Given that the worst cuts were along the left side of his back, Tristram thinks he must have been angled with his left side more exposed to the window than his right, even though it was his right hand that was hit by the bullet. He's pleased at the thought, since that's a deduction just like his father would make.
Sherlock's hand tightens around his mobile, but he still doesn't say anything or look at John. When the song ends and a new one starts, though, he reaches out and stabs the off button.
They watch her walk away, her back straight and her steps quick and light, until she's swallowed up in the crowd.
It's almost pleasant now, with no one prodding at his hand or back anymore. Why isn't he in bed? Something hurts. He thinks it's supposed to be his hand, but he can't feel it, so that must be all right. He shifts a bit and that makes him remember: it's his back. He whimpers and tries to shrug off whatever they put over him, because it's making it worse, but that sends more fire through him, so he holds still again.
"Okay," he sighs, "what I'm trying to tell you, and obviously failing spectacularly at, is it's okay to have feelings about things. Even bad feelings. Especially bad feelings. It's okay to be angry, or sad, or not even to understand what you're feeling. What's not so good is to pretend they're not there. Because they are, and at some point they're going to come out, maybe in a way that will hurt you, or maybe in a way that will hurt someone else."
John, oblivious to impending events, kept up a steady stream of innocuous and occasionally amusing comments as they walked back. His gait was still slightly off-kilter (leg still giving him twinges), and he was walking close enough that every now and then his arm or shoulder would bump against Sherlock, apparently without his notice. The casual contact, so matter-of-fact and familiar, combined with the pressures of the upcoming confession and his unresolved emotional turmoil over John proved to be too much for Sherlock's self-control.
A continued debt of gratitude to my beta-reading team, ruth0007 and dioscureantwins. You guys are the best.
"Maybe not quite this intimate," John said, barely touching his lips to Sherlock's jaw. Sherlock was taken off guard at how immediate the response of his limbic system was. He could practically feel his pituitary gland firing up.
I had just told him I would do anything, yet now I felt the need to qualify: "Not for that devil Johnson. Anything but that," I growled.
John smiled at that. "Yeah, all right. This Reverend though." John nodded at the stolid figure engaged in some sort of discussion with Molly's mother and Greg about overflow parking, while Molly and her sister took pictures of the church with their phones. "He's not one of Sebastian Wilkes's crowd, is he?"
'Dippy' is the nickname of the Diplodocus skeleton displayed in the main hall of the Natural History Museum in London.
John pushed in again, a little more gently this time, until he found the spot again. Sherlock groaned and bore down onto John's hand.
If he'd taken John up on his invitation that first day, he might well have gotten it. He would have gathered much more data about John as well. He might even have learned enough to figure out what the best course of action was, regarding John. He might not have been thrown off by unfounded, emotional reactions. No. He couldn't afford to think that way. He had made the right decision. It was right to keep to himself. Alone was what he knew. Alone protected him.
"Feeling's quite mutual," Sherlock said unsteadily, his head dropping with his chin to his chest as he adjusted to the new sensations inside.
You can read the hilarious (okay, maybe not for him) true story of the man with the piles and the artillery shell, as well as other not exactly safe-for-work tales here: http://www.mercuryserver.com/forums/showthread.php?35710-Emergency-Room-stories
"It'll get better in a moment," Sherlock says. He stands up on the back of the fold-out seats and pulls a ring spanner out of his coat. Stretching his long arms up, he unlocks an access hatch in the ceiling and pulls down a narrow, extendable ladder, then climbs up through the hole.
"I'll go with your mother," John said, just to put an end to the bickering, although he really would rather have stayed with Sherlock. He'd taken the whole thing quite hard, not that John blamed him a bit. Mycroft was right that there was nothing to be gained by staying at the hospital, and that it would do Sherlock (and him) more good to get a few hours of sleep than to sit in the waiting room surrounded by strangers and fret. But John also understood how important it was for Sherlock to stay. The whole thing was complicated by Sherlock's history. The two times he'd been forced to leave. Moriarty and Magnussen.
Doctor Watson gawps at him a bit, then says, "You- No, you can change that. No suite. No, wait, please," he says to the luggage man, gesturing for him to stop loading the bags onto the trolley. "Excuse us. Excoozay." Doctor Watson pulls Father aside out of earshot, looking rather grim.
He hears her footsteps descending the stairs again, only to return a short while later, followed by a light weight settling over him. Then someone's lifting his head and when they let go, his cheek is resting on something soft that smells like her flat: lavender and lemon. It's not a pillow; it's too thin for that. Maybe one of the little embroidered throws from her couch.
"It's not about who can sing the best, it's about chemistry. We can't put Ollie and Saffron together, for example. They're more likely to get into a spitting match than sing together."
John's eyes dart to Sherlock. "Erm... We're together, yes. I'm sorry, I've been looking forward to meeting you, Mrs Holmes."
Emily screws up her face and looks at Tristram. "Huh?" Then she brightens again and holds up a finger. "Oh! Is it like Tris's uncle can watch him through the cameras on the street?"
Father is knelt down on the floor beside Tristram in an instant, his hands gripping Tristram's shoulders. "Where? In London? In the flat? Where did you see him?" His eyes are wide and his manner is urgent, much more so than when Tristram told him about seeing the man smoking under his window at Grandmother's.
Doctor Watson seems to be struggling with something, but whether it's his own internal misgivings or something that Father's said, Tristram can't tell. Tristram's not sure why, and he doesn't even really know what the question means, but he desperately wants Doctor Watson to answer yes. And when he does, Tristram knows that something has changed right at that moment. "Yes," Doctor Watson says. "All right, yes. We're with you." He stands up.
And he did, as it turned out, rather have something to show. The children's voices were crystal clear, their attention never wavering from the conductor. The music consisted of well-known favourites, but the arrangments were fresh and modern, showcasing both individual voices and the harmonious melding of the group. And the dancers were graceful and sure-footed. Sherlock had just decided he'd seen enough when he heard a voice beside him.
Tristram does not question his father. He will do exactly as he is told. He wedges his phone between his shoulder and ear so he can use his one good hand to take his shoes out of the closet and slide his feet in. Then he takes his jacket down from the hook, only to be confronted with the next problem: the IV line. He could probably get his left arm into the sleeve and drape the rest of the jacket over his right shoulder, but he won't be able to get the IV stand into the closet. Plus, the entire point of the exercise, he reckons, is so that no one will see him if they give his room a cursory check. Having an IV line hanging out of the closet would be a dead giveaway.
"Hi Tris, Sherlock. Come in, sorry for the crush," Emily's father says good-naturedly, shuffling backwards to let them in. Emily smiles and waves at Tristram from behind him, although she is more subdued, less her usual effusive self.
"No, you can go on." My heart jumped in anticipation, although I remained in a rather languid state.
As if on auto-pilot, Sherlock's tongue peeks out and flicks against the thumb. John moves his thumb out of the way just enough to make room for his own tongue on Sherlock's lips, nothing more than gentle touches and licks with the tip. Now it's Sherlock's turn to stretch and strain for more, and John's doesn't withhold it, lowering himself to rest half on top of Sherlock so they can comfortably reach each other. Sherlock grasps the back of John's thigh and pulls his leg up so it's bent across Sherlock's legs. John's knee brushes Sherlock's crotch, and as soon as he realises that fact, John snugs in closer and gently rocks against him. When Sherlock's hips start to gravitate upward, seeking something, seeking more, John reaches blindly above them and scrabbles at the pump until some of the liquid comes out. Without leaving off Sherlock's mouth, he reaches down and puts his hand inside his own pants.
"It's all right," John says, but he doesn't take his hand away. He's not feeling entirely steady, and he's not sure it's all from the alcohol.
When she's satisfied she's found all the bones in the pellet, Emily announces she's hungry. Tristram realises he is, too; he hasn't had anything since the chocolate milk that morning. It seems ages ago now. They go downstairs to see if there's any chance of lunch being had.
"I thought you'd be out all day," Doctor Watson says with some surprise, but also with some caution.
But Irene won't be put off. Her eyes are large and earnest, searching Tristram's face as she continues. "No, John," she says. "He deserves the truth. Ninety percent of fear is not knowing." She speaks to Tristram again: "You're a big boy and you understand these things. The people your father is dealing with aren't very nice."
That made sense, in a way. Although John had never worried about putting people on the spot before, but what he probably meant was that he didn't want to put himself on the spot, open up a discussion of his private life. That's why he'd mentioned his past, unfortunate marriage.
the reptilian part of his brain reminded him. He kicked it, scowling, and got up to clear away the takeaway cartons before Gladstone could get into them. He'd already decided there would be no sex tonight, and the stupid third date rule was even more reason
"And that's how you knew Tonga wouldn't shoot you at the airport," John says as if it all makes sense now.
This is an entirely new concept. Tristram knows what a date is, in theory: it's when two people who fancy each other go out and do something together, like have dinner or go to the cinema or go ice skating in Hyde Park. His father never does any of those things on his own (unless it's for a case), much less with someone else. Well, except for eating out; they have meals at Angelo's at least once a month. But he certainly wouldn't call that a date. However, if his father and Doctor Watson went there together and had dinner, then yes, he supposes that would be a date.
Sherlock shrugs. "It would have been the most pragmatic solution. Neither of us were in any position to raise a child. Not merely for lack of funds. Back then, I was... " He looks away, up at the ceiling. "I experimented. Pills, mostly. Whatever I could get my hands on. Godfreya ... Irene... that was an experiment too. I don't recall most of it." He closes his eyes, a slight crease between them, as if inwardly seeking the missing memory.
Moriarty pulls back and continues, more casually this time. "A real one, that is. Just one look at poor, infatuated Sherlock was enough to tell me all about the way you handle that piece of equipment you hide in your pocket. Of course as a doctor, even in the army you never would have needed to use a live weapon, but we all get an itchy trigger finger now and then, don't we?"
"Hello? Earth to Tris." Emily's voice interrupts his train of thought. She giggles. "You know, you looked just like your dad just now. You've got this line right here-" She reaches over and touches his forehead, between his eyebrows. "All you need is a phone."
"Anyway, I don't see what the big deal is. Unless we could get in trouble because it's a school night."
"Okay, never mind, I'm sure you do." John pursed his lips, both amused and embarrassed. "I just think slow's been good so far. It's- We both have a lot to think about, yeah?" Sherlock's face must have betrayed something, because John rushed to assure him, "Not that I've changed my mind. I mean, that was- I'm going to be kicking myself when I get home for not going with you, but I don't want to mess this up. We should do this right. There are things we should probably talk about. Definitely. Talk about. And things we might need, and-" John looked away and shrugged his shoulders up to his ears and laughed at himself. "Fuck, I'm turning into a cross between a blushing teen and the health and hygiene bloke in fourth year."
class, and whatever shortcomings the pupils had, he felt a certain proprietary possessiveness toward them. Yet there was something dangerously attractive about allowing John to share in that. His influence on the children was indisputable. He might not be teaching them about nouns and multiplication, but Sherlock wasn't unaware of the way they looked to him first now for justice in their playground disputes, for comfort over a paper cut, and for moral guidance on how much unruliness was allowable and even encouraged in their search for individuality. All areas in which Sherlock was on shaky ground himself. Just as with the music he'd written, it was harder than he wanted to admit to relinquish complete control, but he knew that it was the right thing to do, and that the final result would be better for it.
The brutal alpha was now stroking the abused omega's rump, murmuring praises with an expression of such tenderness on his face I could not believe it was the very same man who had moments ago administered such a cruel treatment. The omega was breathing heavily, his flanks heaving and his head hung down between his shoulders. The alpha bent over to drop a kiss onto his omega's buttock while his hand slid in between. It was impossible to see what he did there, but the omega seemed to approve, rolling his hips and making sounds that drove even more of my own blood into places where it would soon become troublesome. Common dignity demanded that I look away, yet I felt compelled to discover the purpose of the exercise. Holmes had urged me to observe; ergo, it followed that there must be something he wished for me to discover.
Tristram is still trying to figure out what that was about when Father slips quietly out of the room.
When the bowls arrive, they contain what looks like a small pile of brown spaghetti topped with whipped cream. Despite being curious what exactly the 'spaghetti' (he can tell it's not really worms) is, he doesn't reach for the spoon right away. Neither, he notes, does Emily.
"Hi Daddy." Emily jumps up to give him a hug. He hugs her back with one hand and runs a hand over her hair, then looks over at Tris and smiles. "Morning, Tris."
Sherlock is silent for several beats before saying slowly, "Yes." The response doesn't invite a great deal of confidence.
Tristram takes a deep breath, trying to shake off the emotions crowding in on him. "No, I can do it," he says, picking up a stray sock from the floor as proof.
"This story doesn't make sense. A mannequin can't watch you. Is this like those angels from Doctor Who?"
"What you said about Clara was unacceptable, though," he says firmly. "Especially in front of Emily and Tris."
He is thus not entirely sure whether he's been kidnapped or not. It's not tense and scary like the time Emily's Aunt Claire took them to the warehouse in the car, and certainly no one's tried to do anything like tie him up or threaten him. But Irene won't let him call Uncle Mycroft even though she has a working phone (he got his hands on it once when she went to the loo, but it was locked).
"Boys trying to be men," Aunt Clara says cryptically, coming over and putting an arm around both Tristram's and Emily's shoulders. "As thick as tree stumps and only about half as useful. Now come and help me pick out a DVD."
John turns his head enough to find Sherlock's lips. "I know, yeah, me too. God, so much. So much," he repeats almost inaudibly.
"Oh." John sets the kettle on the counter and goes over to Sherlock. He stands in front of him with his hands in his pockets. "Well, that's..." He clears his throat. "Kind of out of left field, but um... It sort of dovetails with my experience too."
"Yes, Nancy." Victor picked up the picture and held it out to Sherlock. "I met her at my first posting. Big scandal," he confided, but he sounded rather smug. "Typical Mills and Boon stuff. I was cited to the Bishop over it, given an ultimatum. Get married or get out. I chose the life sentence."
Sherlock didn't say anything when John unbuttoned Sherlock's shirt with blind fingers and slid it off his shoulders. He didn't say anything when John's hands found their way to his flies and opened them (although he may have had to stifle an unbecoming moan when John inadvertently brushed his cock through his pants). They worked together to get Sherlock's trousers and pants off, John peppering Sherlock's stomach and chest with kisses when he bent over, and again on the way back up. John started to take off his own clothes, but Sherlock had had enough of the parallel play and anyway he was getting impatient, so he knelt down and dealt with John's jeans and underwear while John did the same with his shirt.
"Have you solved it?" John asked, careful to keep his tone casual. "The old case?" Or the new one, he rather thought. The case of what John meant to him, what he meant to John. What place they had in each other's lives.
The room itself was unremarkable, resembling a tastefully appointed, if relatively large, parlor. Its walls were covered in wallpaper with a modern, dark green floral pattern and accessorized with the usual mirrors, portraits, and classical paintings. The gas lamps on the walls were turned down to achieve a nostalgic, twilight effect, which was further enhanced by the faint haze that hovered near the ceiling. The fashionably upholstered chairs and sofas scattered in clusters around the space offered ample opportunities for repose. Potted plants and vases filled with fresh flowers added the final touch of refinement. However, those were all details which utterly bypassed my notice that evening, their impact becoming inconsequential in comparison to the actors who peopled the scene, and the acts they were engaged in.
Their hotel, luckily, is just down the street from the station. Luckily because it means they don't have far to walk. Tristram feels guilty every time his father has to stop and right their suitcases when they tip due to the uneven weight distribution.
"It's not what you think," Sherlock said, glaring at the idea that he might be interested in Moriarty as anything other than a rival. "I simply couldn't let him win."
Once he had looked his fill and assured himself that his palette was whole and unbroken, he lit the candle. Together we watched the yellow flame spring to life in the dusky space, casting eerie shadows in the far corners but bathing the two of us in a little sphere of quiet intimacy. The soft wax began to glisten and shimmer as it fell victim to the heat. The candle was broad enough that its top served as a basin in which the wax gathered in a clear pool.
"Christ, should have known," Doctor Watson says when he's able to speak again. "Tris, that was amazing."
"It's easy to use and they won't be tempted to take it out and play with it," Emily's father says firmly. "Right?" he prompts Tristram and Emily.
"We don't live with them," John says without looking at Irene, spreading jam on his roll rather forcefully.
Sherlock felt helpless. He couldn't argue with that. "I can't- This is who I am, John. I can't apologise for that."
Sherlock bristles. He came here to distract himself from John and his own desperate inadequacy regarding the entire situation. Not only that, it irks him immensely — and illogically — that Molly is concerned about John. That's not fair, he knows. She's his friend (too, he wants to add, but he's honestly not sure whether John considers him a friend anymore at all). It's only a measure of how well-liked John is that people other than Sherlock are thinking of him. But Molly is apparently not merely thinking of him, Sherlock realises, his brain damnably slow to parse what it was that she said. She has been to see him; talked to him. Something neither Sherlock nor Mary have managed.
John opened his eyes again to look at Sherlock. Indignation at Harry, anger, maybe at Harry, maybe at John's father. At John, for not telling him earlier? Definitely curiosity. He had no doubt Sherlock would be looking up the case at the first opportunity. As long as John didn't have to explain. He didn't know all the details himself. Maybe it was time for him to read the file. He'd tossed away Mary's memory stick for the same reasons. If he'd taken a look at the contents, maybe much of the ensuing heartache could have been avoided.
Next morning, while on my usual errands to procure tobacco and the latest broadsheets, I sent a note to Kitty Winter, not knowing anyone else other than Shinwell Johnson whom I might approach in such a delicate matter, and I would be damned to seek him out for guidance.
"Magnussen sent Janine after you. They've probably just been waiting for an opportunity like tonight," Sherlock continues.
Tristram tries not to be disappointed, because of course Doctor Watson's right. Real emergencies only. He pushes number three, and Doctor Watson answers. They just make sure that they can hear each other fine, and then hang up.
The only pictures in Tristram's flat are of murder victims and suspects, and they only get sellotaped to the wall for a few days until Father solves their case.
Sherlock was confused for a moment until he felt John start to spread his thighs apart under Sherlock's lap. No. While he wasn't opposed to the idea in principle, Sherlock needed John inside him. He needed to feel the connection, to feel John. He also needed to see John's face, and he didn't relish the idea of having his knees about his ears. He'd never actually been on top while receiving before - too much effort for something he'd never been entirely interested in - but this seemed as good a time as any to begin.
Sherlock spouted dates, names, and places as they approached and walked up the long gangplank to view the section of the first-rate ship royal -- as Sherlock informed him it was classified -- that was accessible to the public. John wasn't sure if he should be taking notes, still in the dark on what they were looking for. He rather pettily decided that if Sherlock wasn't going to let him know what they were doing here, he wasn't going to be responsible for keeping track of whatever it was. Sherlock clearly had all the details down anyway, playing a veritable tour guide as they made their way through the state room, captain's and crew's quarters, cannon deck, and navigation cabin.
"Safe. For now," Irene says, placing a casual emphasis on the last word. "Oh, don't look like that. Really, you don't imagine I would have left him anywhere he might get ... I don't know, poisoned or shot?"
"Well. Mine's Hamish." He holds out his hand like he wants Tristram to shake it. "Nice to meet you, Tristram Harbinger."
John pulls the duvet up over them so they are mostly covered and rolls onto his back so he can reach the reading light on the nightstand behind him.
Tristram is curious, though, which picture is on the other side of Father's key chain. It's not likely to be Emily. That leaves either John or... Is it one of the photos that weren't supposed to be taken? One of the ones with their fathers kissing... or the one where they were staring into each other's eyes?
The prickliness in Tristram's stomach turns even more sour at that, because he doesn't want to go with Irene! Father is going to come back, and he has to be here. He can't leave. He's about to tell Irene that when John groans.
Said scourge of landladies and doctors spent much of the first two or three days reclining in bed or lounging on his couch, poring voraciously over the newspapers and circulars he sent me out to fetch twice a day. By that time, however, a nervous boredom began to set in, and I caught him more than once gazing longingly at the case containing his needles. Against my better judgment, I allowed him to smoke as many cigarettes as he wished in order to dull the craving I knew he felt for stimulation, until my own head began to spin in the thick, heavy air.
Layer lasagna noodles with the sauce mixture, ending with sauce. Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese.
"When's he coming back?" Tristram asks. His mouth is dry. Because of course Father's coming back. He always comes back.
"Yeah, but too much." John grimaced. "This is hopeless. I can't afford anything he'd consider halfway decent."
Before Sherlock could possibly think of a response to that, Lestrade had pulled the door shut and driven away.
Message: It doesn't, I just thought it would be nice if I wore something that didn't clash with yours.
Tristram bends over again. Doctor Watson's legs have turned in more, as if he's almost facing Father rather than standing (or sitting?) perpendicular to him. There isn't another stool. Is he sitting on Father's lap? The light flashes again. They must have chosen the second option, to take four different pictures. The pictures of Father by himself come out, but Tristram and Emily leave them in the slot because they are more interested in what's going on behind the curtain.
They stand there holding hands and watching each other, the way Father and John used to. Only it's not really like that. When Father and John used to shake hands for so long, it was like holding your breath until you feel like your lungs are going to burst and then holding it for ten seconds more. This is more like seeing who can hold their breath longer but both of them are cheating by breathing through their nose. Like they both think they're better at it but aren't quite sure and are trying to figure out how the other one's doing it. Finally, they let go.
By the time they pull into the underground garage at Uncle Mycroft's house, he is mopping his brow. He exchanges a pointed look with his driver as he instructs him to return all the controls to their usual settings, then leads Tristram and Emily toward the lift, swinging his ubiquitous umbrella.
Before giving the pen to Emily, however, Father leans over and scribbles something on Tristram's cast. Once he's done, Tristram lifts his hand to see what he wrote.
John doesn't even wait for Sherlock to pull his chair in before he speaks. "I wondered if you were ever going to talk to me or if you were just going to spend the rest of your life following me around."
Sherlock shook his head in annoyance at himself. "No," answered firmly. "No, it's fine. I won't keep you."
Uncle Mycroft has to be involved. They stayed at his house that one night when John and Father went out together, and then they all had to leave head over heels in the middle of the night. That was when everything really started. And Uncle Mycroft arranged for this trip too. Tristram's almost one hundred percent certain that Uncle Mycroft's helping to catch whoever sent Mister Tonga. No, he's sure. One hundred percent.
," Sherlock snarls. "Mycroft was fourteen. My mother was worse than useless. Multiple suicide attempts."
"Thank you," Tristram hears him say. He supposes Father means to thank her for bringing Tristram back, which doesn't quite make sense to him: if she hadn't taken Tristram away in the first place, she wouldn't have needed to bring him back.
"John, I won't hear another word. Now hurry and gather her things. I'll sit with her while she finishes dinner."
Her Aunt Harry stands up. "Well, I'm done here anyway." She takes her glass and the empty wine bottle and goes to the kitchen.
"If you don't want her to help, it's fine. I just thought it would be useful. No reason we can't handle it alone, though."
"Um..." Moriarty rolls his eyes up, pretending to think. "No. Although I agree it might be better for you to move on to other pastures at this point. I'll keep the files, though, thanks."
John turned on the water and filled the glass. When Sherlock heard the sound of the water running, he came around the corner and looked into the kitchen. John met his eyes and turned off the water. He walked over to Sherlock and held out the glass.
"They're perfectly welcome to go out onto the grounds. Tristram knows his way around," Tristram's father says. "I'd prefer it if you would stay here, in case anything comes in."
John grinned. "Anything then. Anything you want. You can sleep on me till I've lost all feeling in my limbs. Foot rubs under the table."
"That you'd never had a serious relationship as long as they'd known you... never even dated anyone, as far as they knew. Which - given everything else about you, I couldn't believe was because no one had ever been interested, so I figured it must have been your choice. That you were... I don't know, mostly asexual or something."
The descriptions of the layout of the airport, train station and shops are as I recall them, although I added in the photo booth in that corner.
This is set between chapters 22 and 23 and is based on prompts from Zain and JPerceval, who wanted to see Sherlock shopping for a not-Christmas present for John.
"Yes, we might still be needing that." Sherlock, once again composed, ushers Irene through the window, which opens onto a wide terrace overlooking a garden.
"No." The brief response spoke volumes: Sherlock was hiding something. And if he was hiding something, whatever it was it meant he knew John wasn't going to be pleased about it, because Lord knew Sherlock wouldn't have held back if there were any chance of exciting John over the prospect of an adventure.
Sherlock gives up any pretense of fighting gravity and slides down onto the floor, his knees angled up and the side of the bathtub cold against his bare back. His penis hangs red and bedraggled out of his open trousers.
"Don't worry, I didn't follow you. I'm just as surprised to see you. Well, maybe not just as. I could have figured you'd be here." He shrugged, watching the performers giving a perfectly timed rendition of 'Silver Bells', in four-part harmony. "I wanted to see who this Moriarty was. God, they're really good."
And then the perfect opportunity occurred to him. There would be no danger of anyone shoving candles and flowers at them, they wouldn't have to converse if things went poorly, and he was going to have to go anyway; having John there might make it vaguely interesting. He cleared his throat and kept his eyes firmly on the purple-blanketed baby - who had quieted and was now sucking furiously on a dummy - as he spoke.
By the end of the song, they were virtually chest to chest, hip to hip, toe to toe. There was no need to ask, no need to speak, as they held the position waiting for the next song to start.
But while he certainly wants John to join him on cases again, it's mostly the other things that Sherlock wishes he could have back. Sunday morning breakfast. Laughing over the classifieds. Two toothbrushes in the cup. Texts for no reason. Waking in the wee hours with a crick in his neck and his entire left side numb because they'd fallen asleep together on the couch. John twitching awake with a gasp, his heart racing from a nightmare. Putting his arms around John and holding him tight, back to chest, until he'd caught his breath. Murmuring against the back of his neck that they were safe at home and everything was all right. Having it be true.
John's breaths have become heavier, his nostrils flaring with the effort. He appears to be frozen, unable to look away.
"Get Tristram and Emily to cover. Now!" Father shoves Tristram at Doctor Watson, and then Tristram can't follow what's happening very well. All he knows is that Doctor Watson's picked him up under one arm and Emily under the other and dives with them behind the check-in desk.
"Oh, good, you're here!" Molly trilled. "There's some sort of mix-up with the wigs, can you just-" She somehow managed to insert a grease pencil into Sherlock's hand. "- finish putting beards on the Nazarenes while I sort it? Emma, where's your halo?" She took the little girl's hand without waiting for an answer.
Now that seemed safe enough territory. "No, I moonlight as a dog walker," Sherlock said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
John chuckled wryly, glad for a distraction and thinking of his own imagining earlier, back in Sherlock's room. "Wanted to turn it into a secret laboratory, did he?"
kids - endured!" John says, aghast. "Being kidnapped, thinking they were going to die. Especially Tristram. It's not something that will just go away."
When the lift doors open, John has no idea what the plan is, but he gets out and walks down the corridor, Sherlock a quarter step ahead. It's been a long time since they've been out working in the field together, and the familiarity of their mutual strides goes a long way toward calming him down. His tries to focus on preparing for whatever's coming next. There's no room for second-guessing, reproaches, or regrets.
"How do I look?" Sherlock stepped into the living room, tugging on his cuffs to straighten his shirtsleeves under his jacket.
My eye mechanically skimmed the name and dates on the monument, already becoming bored and sliding away before being caught by the last line carved in relief into the granite: FRIEND - WIFE - MOTHER. I reeled. There had been no mention of a child, not in Mycroft's missive informing me of Mary Watson's passing nor in her obituary, which I had looked up as soon as I set foot in London. Was it being raised by a relative?
"Incen- You call that a little extra incentive?" He catches himself before he starts shouting and continues in an intense whisper. "Your life - Your life, Sherlock, is not a little extra incentive!"
Mycroft had thought at the time that John's insistence on privacy was little more than alpha posturing, but now he considered, given recent developments, that there may have been a more prudish reasoning behind it. He hadn't expected it at this late date; they'd lived together for two years previously without anything coming of their blatant if unaddressed affection for each other. But now... perhaps Mycroft should be grateful for John Watson's puritanical upbringing.
Once Tristram and Emily are in bed, Sherlock follows John into the bathroom. He closes the door behind them, takes John's face between the palms of his hands and presses a kiss to his mouth, holding it until John has to pull back to breathe. Sherlock only lets him fill his lungs once before he puts his lips on John's again and plasters their bodies together, both hands moving onto John's back - one sliding up into his hair and the other down to press his hips forward against Sherlock's.
, for the love of God, do not screw this up any more." Lestrade turned away in disgust. "And now get out, go on, back to your classroom. And for fuck's sake, keep away from Moriarty," he muttered as he started to shuffle through papers on his desk. "Man's a psychopath."
"My arm's bleeding." He opens the door further, hoping that he's not about to see anything he doesn't want to. To his relief, Father and Doctor Watson are both lying half-reclined in the bed, each on his own side, and it looks like they both have all their clothes on. Well, they are both wearing t-shirts anyway. Their legs are under the covers. At Tristram's words, however, they both sit up and push the covers back. Doctor Watson, wearing black pants that leave his thick legs bare, is up first.
However, I have purposely avoided naming the city in which this fic is set, because I wanted Sherlock fans to be able to imagine it all taking place in London. Unfortunately, there is no similar bombed-out cathedral shell in London, so you will just have to chalk this one up to artistic license.
"I walked out on the Royal Ballet and a dead sexy Swede to check on your son." Tristram finds it interesting how she nearly always manages to sound both amused and condescending.
Eventually, Emily and Doctor Watson come back from the kitchen. Emily goes upstairs to get dressed and brush her teeth, and Doctor Watson makes Tristram get up to use the loo. When he's done, Doctor Watson has him take his shirt off so he can check the bandages, which he had to redo when they got back last night. Tristram tore several of them off during his tantrum at the airport, and re-opened a couple of the deeper cuts. Luckily, there were enough medical supplies in the house that they didn't have to go to the hospital again. The cast seems to have protected Tristram's hand well enough. Tristram is embarrassed now about losing control so thoroughly, but he couldn't help it. He still feels the echo of that panic and helpless fear when he thinks about it now, so he focuses on counting the tiles on the floor instead while Doctor Watson applies fresh gauze and tape. He gets to sixty-three by the time he's done.
Sherlock finishes unbuttoning John's shirt as they kiss. John still has a white t-shirt on underneath, but that doesn't stop Sherlock from smoothing his hands over John's torso wherever he can reach. When John doesn't reciprocate, Sherlock picks John's hands up from where they are still gripping Sherlock's hips and places them on the placket of his shirt.
"God, Christ, all right, Sherlock; listen." John was breathing hard too now, and struggled to get his thoughts in order. Sherlock wasn't the only one who was running on empty; wasn't the only one who was emotionally drained and in need of whatever it was that only they could give each other.
There is an answering rumble of some sort. Satisfied, Father comes back to the kitchen and puts his tea cup on the sideboard.
Doctor Watson laughs and grabs her pillow out from under her head so he can swat her body with it through the cover. She shrieks with laughter and curls up to protect herself.
Sherlock really had no idea what they meant, unless they were congratulating him on missing the ghastly summons. He ignored them and continued on his way. With everyone was in the assembly hall, he was going to enjoy a few minutes' peace with his coffee. It wasn't as if he needed to be there. Lestrade would call him on it later, but by then he'd have finished his coffee and done checking the comments on his website; perhaps there would be some this morning.
John blinks and shakes his head. "No, just..." He puts a hand over his mouth, then scrubs it up over his face into his hair. He sucks on his lip and looks up at the ceiling as if he could find an appropriate response there. "Well, that's good, right?" he says finally, his briskness belying the underlying quaver in his voice. "I mean, that's what we wanted. He's - He was the one behind Mary's death. Not that it was about revenge," he says, pointing at Sherlock emphatically. "You put me in an untenable position."
John was rocking his hips back and forth by now, both hands on Sherlock's head, half cradling and half guiding. He was puffing like a steam engine and starting to make sounds that came from somewhere deep in his chest. Maybe even from his heart. Things were dangerously close to ending the way they had the last time, though, and damnit, the whole point tonight was to show Sherlock that John reciprocated his feelings, every last one, not to get his rocks off and then have Sherlock slink off, used and unsatisfied.
"Oh, it's you, John." Mrs Hudson is standing in her doorway when John comes in with a plastic shopping bag over his wrist. She steps out into the hall, concern written all over her face. "Any word?"
He hugs her back. "Hey there. Thanks for the note. That was very responsible of you." Then he smiles at Tristram over her head. "Good morning, Tris."
Sherlock's parents had invited them to come down next weekend. Some county show thing. They had a whole itinerary planned, apparently. It would involve staying overnight if they did everything, the petting zoo and the rides and the re-enactment and dinner and the concert. They didn't have to, of course, but Vi had assured them it wouldn't be a problem. They'd watch Rosie when she got tired so John and Sherlock could enjoy themselves. Sleeping arrangements weren't mentioned, but John had a feeling. They thought he and Sherlock were together. Together-together.
"He's meeting someone," Irene says. "A private business meeting." She lets her long, graceful fingers linger on her neck and doesn't let her gaze waver from John's.
It had been a very enjoyable experience - surprisingly so, in Sherlock's estimation, given that they hadn't discussed much of substance at all. There hadn't been any more of that what-do-I-do-now tension, either. When their eyes had met, it was with warmth and an edge of humour, as if they each acknowledged that the other knew what he was thinking, and they both knew they were being ridiculous, but it was okay.
"That's excellent, Tris," Doctor Watson says. "You're doing great. We need to get into the hall where I can see you but we have to stay down, okay? So if you can move I need you to try and scoot yourself forward, as far as the door. I'll cover you. Can you do that?"
"You have no idea what you've done, do you?" Sherlock could feel the nervous energy building in him. He needed something, his bones were getting too big for his skin. There was a pile of folders near his hand, worksheets waiting to be marked. He swept them off the desk, causing them to scatter satisfyingly all over the floor, then whipped around. Part of it was a genuine release, part of it calculated to impress on John how deeply he had hurt and disappointed Sherlock.
"Go ahead, I want to see you touch yourself," John said. "I'm going to put another finger in too, okay?"
Exciting? This stampede of sensations running rampant through his body, this blizzard of images screaming for attention before his mind's eye, this explosion of possibilities opening new paths all around him? This was sensory overload, a tidal wave overturning all of his coping mechanisms, a klaxon sounding impending disaster.
"All I'm saying is this whole movie business goes to show what a good influence Dr Watson has been on you. Such a nice young man. The governors are very pleased."
"Here, wait... Sit up a moment." Doctor Watson takes his jacket off and folds it over his lap. Emily lies down again, using the jacket as a pillow.
"Think we're kind of in the way here," John said. No need to shout, his mouth right next to Sherlock's ear. His hands spread across Sherlock's back, also rubbing, caressing.
"She actually breathed on her own for a while after," John says. His voice is uneven but he keeps going. "Kept starting and stopping. There were a few moments when... I thought, one more miracle, you know. Like you did. She never cried, never made a sound at all. I don't even know exactly when she died. We just realised she hadn't taken a breath for a few minutes and ... yeah. They called it."
As hard as it is to be around Sherlock—to see how slowly he moves when he emerges from his bedroom in the morning, to hear the little inadvertent grunts of discomfort whenever he twists his torso a little too far, to register his breath becoming ever so slightly laboured when he climbs the stairs—as hard as that is, John honestly doesn't know what might happen if he had to live in the same house as Mary right now. In fact, if it were just her, he'd...
He doesn't hear any voices, but it doesn't take long before there are footsteps coming up the stairs. Two sets. Emily comes into the room, smiling, and Father is right behind her, looking intently at the book in his hand. Tristram goggles a bit. Somehow he doesn't think that Father would have agreed to come up if Tristram had been the one to ask. On the other hand, he's never tried.
Sherlock scrolls through the four attached images from Mycroft, waiting for John to nod, indicating that he's absorbed the details of each face, before clicking to the next one.
John knew better than to push it. "I'd like to have you around for a while yet is all," he said lightly. "I still need you to pay your half of the rent."
Sherlock pressed gentle, slow kisses to John's mouth, his cheeks, his neck, while John kept a firm grip on his back, not rubbing or teasing which would have been distracting, but keeping him aware of where he was so he didn't float away into the spinning sensations and their emotional counterparts. When he'd thoroughly explored the skin above John's collar, he unbuttoned John's shirt and nudged it aside to discover the patch of hair visible in the V of his vest - more than Sherlock had, actually, but as it was fairer it looked like less. He kissed his way down John's pectoral, but ran into the edge of his vest far too soon. He made a noise of displeasure and yanked the undershirt up.
. He is, of course, but somehow it's easier to think of her as his mother than of himself as her son. He's Father's son. No one else's.
Tristram is huddled on the couch under Mrs Hudson's afghan, which somehow has found its way to the safe house along with the rest of his things from the hospital. Doctor Watson has gone to the kitchen to help Emily with breakfast. It must be morning. It's impossible to tell from the windows, as they are all shuttered and have heavy curtains drawn over them. It's the best feature of the house, in Tristram's opinion.
Emily is standing near the head of the bed. "What's this?" she says curiously. The edge of something shiny and purple is sticking out from under one of the pillows. She slides it the rest of the way out. It's a strip of sealed foil packets, a little smaller than the ones individually sealed disinfectant wipes come in. Emily peers at the writing.
That's how Tristram feels too. He does have a lot of questions. But he knows that no one's going to answer them, so there's no point in asking.
But the real fun is stretching the strands of cheese out of the pot as far as possible. Doctor Watson does some twisty thing with his wrist that makes the cheese on his bread separate neatly from the mass in the pot, but when Tristram tries it, it just makes his bread fall off. When he pulls his bread out slowly, though, the cheese forms long strings that keep coming and coming. It's like eating elastic, only it never contracts. It just keeps stretching further and further. Emily has the brilliant idea to stand on her seat to see if she can pull up a strand of cheese that's as long as she is. It ends up snapping at about the one-meter mark, and her father won't let her try again. Tristram presumes he's included in the edict.
It wasn't just the immediate effect that was important, however; it was the later, amnesiac qualities that were particularly valuable, as they were what had, up to now, prevented the perpetrator from ever being positively identified. And so, once John was comfortably relaxed in his chair, his eyes blinking lazily without letting Sherlock out of his sight for a moment, Sherlock would start talking - maybe his thoughts on the outrage that called itself modern classical music, or a lengthy complaint about the roadworks that had popped up between Baker Street and Scotland Yard, and how it was a cheap ploy on Mycroft's part to interfere with his work. He made sure John was listening by posing questions here and there, to which John replied more or less on target. And then he'd send John up to bed and waited impatiently until morning to see if it had worked.
