"Relax, Mycroft. We've got the code, we can find the real killers now. Email me the numbers," Mycroft scans the sheet through as they speak to each other, "and go to bed. You've done enough for today; John and I are indebted to you."
"Leave our backpacks here so they know we were here." John's not going to take no for an answer, he's not letting Jim run around with open cuts that could become infected, so he tugs Jim into the school, stopping first to grab his pencil case. Once inside the bathroom and checking to be sure no ones there, he opens his pencil case to pull out hydrogen peroxide and Band-AIDS. Jim laughs, but it quickly morphs into a scowl as John dabs peroxide on the cuts. "Alright, I'm fine. Okay, stop!" Huffs Jim.
"Mr. Holmes? I'm Doctor Sawyer, the doctor in charge of Sherlock. None of the blood tests have shown us anything, which means it's not an overdose. Has he had heats?"
We break for lunch, but I can't be bothered to stop, or else I might lose my outlet. My words have a point and a purpose; they are cathartic and I am healing. I write like a possessed person, and it may possibly be the hardest thing I've ever done, but it feels so good. I am wounded, yes, but I am determined to heal.
"Yo, John, let's go! The guys are here!" John's best friend Sebastian Moran yelled. John roused himself from his thoughts and headed to the bar with his fellow soldiers.
Sherlock holds the phone out to Mycroft. "There you are, brother. I'm hoping the contents of this phone will make up for any inconvenience I have caused you."
"Not my division," he answers, frustrated at being called for something that is so clearly not what he was trained for.
Sherlock's body has stopped its trembling, and he unfolds himself from John. "I want to go home, John," he whines.
That's all they say for the rest of the trip, until they get to 221B. Sherlock makes a beeline for the fridge, throwing their supplies on the counter and beginning to unload the bags. "John!" he yells, turning to see his mate hasn't yet made it up the stairs.
Somewhere near the Big Ben, Jim Moriarty glances at his phone as it chimes. He reads the message and smirks, searching through his contacts for the right number to forward this information to. He has never had the opportunity to use this contact before, and he relishes the chance. He sends a new message: 'Jumbo jet. Dear me, Mr. Holmes, dear me.' Then he jumps in a cab and rattles off directions. His mate will be so pleased to hear how he's ruined the Ice Man's life now.
"We had to re-break them because they didn't heal properly. Whoever abused him probably broke them then wouldn't allow him to get treatment."
As Greg goes to talk to the Alpha who’s intimidating Sherlock, the stranger ducks into his fancy car. After a moment, the door opens for a woman to climb in. The car sits there for a moment, the woman rolls down the window and calls out, and then the window is put up and the car rolls away.
"Yes, well, congratulations again. We'll be in touch once we have information about the bomber." With that, Mycroft moved to the door and down the stairs.
He gratefully accepts the plate Mrs. Holmes hands him, and conversation grinds to a halt as everyone begins eating.
This strikes them both as funny, and they lie in bed giggling together for a while. "No, but seriously, I love you," Sherlock says.
"Shhh, Mycroft," the stranger says again, soothing him. "It's alright, darling. I'll take care of you," another sexy chuckle, "now and forever."
John huffs a sigh and begins the daunting task of dragging Sherlock back to Baker Street, having to stop every few feet so the man can snog him. When he finally gets the lanky man in the door, he meets the rather furious gaze of Mycroft Holmes.
That wakes Sherlock up quickly. He grabs a suit jacket of Mycroft's off the coat rack, making sure it's just long enough to cover anything improper. "Sorry, I forgot. I'm decent now. What are you doing here?"
"Oh god, yes," John responds. He picks up his mate and carries him off toward the bedroom bridal style.
As they all gather round the fire, John drifts off into his thoughts. He begins to wonder if there's really an Alpha out there for him, hopefully someone who wouldn't mind taking care of an abused homeless boy with tons of metaphorical baggage. Someone who likes his friends, and doesn't want kids. Someone who can respect that an Omega has a place in the world that may not necessarily be a homebody. Someone who loves him, cherishes him, adores him. He frowns. Then again, he really doesn't want that. After all, his father apparently wooed his mother that way.  It wasn't until they got married that his true colors shone through.
He storms back into his own office. “I need access to my case files. I do believe your boss is giving up on taking them from me.”
Redbeard turned a circle directly in front of Mycroft, squatted, and marked his territory. That was it! Siger Holmes ran over to the dog and kicked him. There was a loud snapping sound and the dog fell over. Sherlock started screaming. Siger backhanded him. "Shut up! You were expelled again, you don't get to come home and play!"
John doubles over laughing. He physically cannot stand up, he is laughing so hard. The pain in his mate’s voice, along with overall confusion as to why they are outside while smoke billows out of their flat, strikes him as funny. Combine that with the fact that they are banished outside because he left his mate cook spaghetti of all things and he is nearly on the ground shaking with laughter. When he can finally breathe again, he gasps out, “Oh Sherlock I love you!”
"Very good. We just need to confirm color choices and possible mural scenes, then we can get started."
“No? Only a matter of time, then, dearie. Oh don’t be embarrassed, we all know that’s what’s coming. Here’s your breakfast, and here’s John’s, go back to your mate now.”
"It's alright, John," Mycroft soothes again. "You did your job and kept my brother safe. Can you transform back now?"
"That's a relief," he tells me, lips descending on mine. We kiss for a while, his tongue caressing mine lovingly, and I'm squeezing against him begging for more-more kissing, I adore this- when Jim yells out to us.
Sherlock leaves his brother immediately and flies down the stairs and out the door. "John, c'mere!" he cries, seizing John's arm and dragging him away from his conversation with Greg and Anthea.
John slips into class quietly, sneaking with his head down to the back row, ignoring the hot gazes of alphas on him. He has his hoodie up, a small defense to block out the world. He feels someone move into the seat in front of him, and has never been happier in his life to hear his omega buddy Mike Stamford say, "Okay, John?"
"No thanks," he answers, taking a momentary break to straighten his spine and rub his eyes before delving back into the printed pages.
At a loss for what to do with the Omega and not wanting to get them both killed, John carries the Omega into his house. It's a tiny army house, but easy to protect, and his Omega will be safe. Sherlock's smell permeates the house the moment he closes the door.
"It is a child's game," Mycroft replies calmly. "Don't mope, brother. It's unbecoming." Sherlock doesn't reply, so Mycroft sighs and offers, "I'll play Operation."
"No, Mycroft. Yes of course it's Sherlock! Ouch John that was unnecessary! The twins have been born, you're a grandmother, congratulations."
"He didn't bond me. Wasn't even in the same room as me for nine-tenths of the heat, except when he rescued me from the Alphas. It wasn't for lack of me trying though. I propositioned him, Mycroft. Why? Why did he turn me down?" Then he stormed off.
“Yoo-hoo! If you two are done breaking in the bed, I’ve got breakfast here for you! Just this once, I’m not your housekeeper!”
There were footsteps, as he fell back against the pillow, his chest rising and falling, the tears dripping down the sides of his face, the selfish thought of
Sherlock laughed at that. “I could but QI is on later, I was going to do the experiment in the ad breaks.” He replied, looking up, and handing the doctor his phone back.
“Yes of course it does, but I’m afraid I’m not here at the moment, I’m somewhere in Afghanistan being shot at. Gimme a mo’.”
“He doesn’t know.” Greg replied and John laughed, before realising that Greg wasn’t laughing with him.
He could hear Mycroft's voice, slightly muffled, but he was speaking loud and with enough exasperation that Greg could hear.
” John replied in shock dropping his boots, they hit the floor with a thud and John simply stared at them as they were tipped over on the floor.
Mycroft stood in the cold, amongst the bustling students in the raised bleachers, anticipating the war between Hufflepuff and Gryffindor that was about to take place on the quidditch field. The crowd he was swarmed by had his anxiety racing, but he braced himself against the front barrier and tried to steady his breathing, because he wasn’t here by choice, he was here for Greg. What concerned him most was that whilst he was here because he owed the Gryffindor, he also
John shook his head and picked up his pace again, getting to the corridor of Sherlock’s tower, where the taller boy was waiting for him, leaning against the wall.
“Andrew.” Rosie corrected, taking the note off him “Thanks Lock!” She stood on her toes to kiss him on the cheek, a habit she’d developed, considering he wasn’t too fussed on a lot of contact without warning. “Bye dad.” She gave John a quick side hug before heading out the door.
John walked in without warning and froze. “Sherlock the train is go- Oh shit, Sherlock!” He cried out, rushing over to the younger boy’s side, checking his pulse at his neck and listening to his breathing before letting out a sigh of relief.
“How does that even work? Wait no- I don’t want to know.” The Gryffindor replied shaking his head in disbelief. “Levitating pansies aren’t they?”
“Why do we need a label? What’s wrong with just… This? This is nice, simple, sufficient. If anyone asks, if anyone accuses, we don’t have to lie to them.” Sherlock spoke, choosing his words carefully, he resisted a sigh when he noticed a small fall in Johns features. “It’s not because I'm ashamed of you John. Never. You’re my only friend, the best thing I have. But I want that, I want you to be John Hamish Watson, blogger, army doctor. I don’t want you to be Sherlock Holmes’ Boyfriend. It would look dreadful on your resume trust me.” John tried to hide a smile, but Sherlock dug his fingers into the shorter man’s ribs, making him laugh.
“My brother is still in the castle. If there was any other way we would use it but since the barrier was re-established, there isn’t.” John simply stared as a strange adult authority took over Mycroft's voice, almost like he was just as much the boss of the engineer as his actual boss was.
Sarah looked genuinely scared at that point, Sherlock’s voice had gone deep, threatening, John couldn’t tell whether he was being serious or not but knowing him it was likely that he wasn’t bluffing.
Greg locked eyes with him in a matter of seconds, and he offered a gentle wave to the seeker who smiled in response. Mycroft could see from miles away that he was tense, scared, nervous. He felt under pressure. But Mycroft knew just as well that he would notice the snitch and go for it with his all.
Her face reddened slightly under her foundation, she was ringing her wrists behind her back thinking he couldn’t see. “Oh uh…”
“Get in here!” The slurred voice of his father echoed throughout the empty street and a hand was in his hair, and another gripping his arm tightly, pulling him toward the door and he staggered along to alleviate the pain inflicted.
At first it bothered him, irritated him to the point where sometimes he ignored John. Now, after months of them dating, he stopped viewing it as a mystery.
Considering John’s dad spent all their money on cigarettes, alcohol and take away, there was never much food in their house. So, John used his work money to pay for his own meals at school.
Then his Hogwarts letter came, along with a half giant knocking at his door. Followed by buckets of frustration because he couldn’t even do the simplest of spells.
“He stupefied Hooper didn’t he?” She asked, and Mycroft rolled his eyes, sick of hearing that phrase. Sherlock did
Mycroft and Greg walked into Hogwarts for their last year, both with shiny new badges pinned to their robes.
“I don’t think I’ll be ditching again anytime soon.” He forced a laugh and looked away, avoiding the taller boy’s eyes.
“Are you any good?” Mycroft asked and the boy rolled his eyes. Mycroft could tell he was clearly dedicated, his nose red from the cold, his hands calloused from a lack of gloves and his hair wind-swept from being up so long.
Mycroft didn’t lie down, but he sat instead, cross legged, with his hands in his lap ignoring the fact that Greg had his hand held out for the prefect to take it.
“I am unaware of any fondness he might have for me, though I doubt it will help in the matter, besides I think he marks Slytherin’s more harshly.”
, mummy will be delighted with your cute little jumpers. She’s constantly nagging Mycroft and I, says she can’t remember the last time she saw either of us in a t-shirt.” He replied, opening the front door, and walking in as if it were perfectly normal to bring your newly established boyfriend who lives in poverty to your almost mansion house just a few days before Christmas. “You haven’t eaten today.” Sherlock noted, and John shrugged, he hadn’t really cared to notice. “Cook should have something for you, dinner won’t be for another hour or so.”
Ravenclaw won the house cup, with a lot of help from Sherlock, though that wasn’t really a shocking revelation. He’d been doing well in classes, and one particular event, in which he’d calmed the growth of a particularly dangerous plant in the greenhouse, had given him one hundred points on the spot.
He didn’t question it the first time. He figured it would take a minute to settle in that John no longer needed him to help.
John cleared his throat. “Do you mind if I stay here for a bit?” He asked, uncertainty in his tone and sherlock smirked. Nightmare then.
John gave him a look that told him he was fucked for his excuses. “Bullshit, Mycroft is too busy for this he wouldn’t have come if you didn’t, and I doubt you’ll miss the train that much, what’s the real reason?”
It came to the point where John had begun to refrain from putting it on himself If Sherlock woke before him, almost waiting for Sherlock to come in and do it.
That was another miscalculation, so was the delay in his dodge that allowed Andersons fist to crack against his cheek, an ache spreading down into his jaw. Fortunately, he was still able to find his momentum, slamming the heel of his palm into the celiac plexus, sending the older boy staggering back.
And if the elder Holmes was right, John would be gone before Sherlock could find out if the name the doctor had was William.
this is kinda shitty, im just stressed and dysphoric, writing is hard, but I get off school for two weeks on Friday, so I hope to get at least one chapter written during that time.
“Obviously, my bike is in your garage, how else am I to leave?” Sherlock replied, his voice was a low murmur and the smile on John’s face prevented him from being annoyed. He was nervous about how his pupils, and other staff members would react if they discovered the true nature of their relationship.
Their results from their summer exams had come in, all looking quite well, Mummy and Father pleased all round. To his surprise, Greg’s dad had sent him a letter giving him praise for his good scores.
Two days later John came into the Ravenclaw common room, Sherlock was sitting at one of the tables, head resting on the table, not asleep but bored and thinking.
Sherlock’s house wasn’t what he expected, but at the same time he couldn’t imagine anything else. It was one of those houses you admire from a distance, not quite a mansion but bigger than a regular house. The kind with the fancy gate and art made from hedges in the garden.
John Watson was quite surprised when a lanky ginger prefect decided to loom over him in the Gryffindor common room. He was minding his own business, trying to get better at using the stupid feather quill that had been on his list, and that every teacher insisted he used. It felt stupid when he had a biro in pocket, but they refused to let him use it.
He waited until John’s breathing went back to being fairly normal, the tears had stopped, and the hiccups were less frequent. “I’m sorry.”
John worked a shitty part-time Job, doing the graveyard shift at a pub. Despite being seventeen, the owner allowed John to work, he was a family friend.
Sherlock furrowed his brow, looking at John in confusion. “Who? How did they get a mirror like that? This is the only one that should-“
Needless to say, when the table cleared itself and Greg was involved in a chat with his father about quidditch, john and Mycroft slipped up to the library.
“Because they want to hurt you.” He stated simply, it should be obvious, especially to Greg, having known that it had happened more than once. He was slightly hurt that Greg hadn't told him about it, because he’d have been able to do something, maybe he could’ve prevented it from escalating this far, but now, he just wanted Greg to be okay, to relax, not to worry. He’d confront him about it another time. “Jealousy, revenge, love, who knows their motive.”
Sherlock found John in the clearing in the forest at four in the morning, the day before the final quidditch match of the year.
He’d told sherlock his theory about a metamorphagus, Sherlock, despite being rather impressed with Sarah for knowing what a metamorphagus is (John hit him for that) explained that it wouldn’t hold up unless they could prove it.
"I want to love you back. I- I think I can. You changed me. You make the world so much more interesting, John. So give yourself a bit of credit and feel important, because you are. Emotions were never a thing that were praised, and I-I have majority of them suppressed. But I want to love you."
“I know it’s fine.” He paused again, unsure if he should go through with it but until this point he hadn't told anybody about this, and it was another reason of the pile of reasons as to why he couldn’t sleep. “She tried to- She tried to put her hand down my boxers. I caught her hand at the band. And she, she got so
Running his hands through his hair again he shut the water off and grabbed his towel, running through his hair, trying to shake the thoughts from his head. He had to stop feeling guilty about this, Greg had told him he was being reasonable. He was entitled to his own emotions.
“My parents, like yours, insisted on making things a challenge for me, yes. I stopped going by William altogether, five years ago.”
Sherlock heard the first sniff and he knew what was happening. He opened his eyes, and glanced over, John was crying again.
He could have thrown up when it came back red and sticky and he noticed it pooling in the grass, feeling ill as he fixated on it soaking into the dirt as Greg lay there. With shaking hands he tore the fabric of his own shirt, ripping the sleeve off of the body, sliding it off his arm and wrapping it around the seeker's head, in an attempt to slow the bleeding.
“I'm joking, Gregory. I was planning to go to Hogsmeade before the holidays are out, I’ll buy you a drink.” Mycroft offered, and Greg nodded, shoving the cards back in their box with care. He was unsure as to why, but he knew the cards were important to the other boy.
Sherlock didn’t agree with any of that, considering that aromantics still had soulmates, as did asexuals, and there was the rare case of the lesbians whose soul mates were gay men and they were platonically bonded.
John spent the next few hours staring into the mirror, never at his own reflection, always at whatever was behind or next to him.
There was a few letters on the kitchen table but one of them caught him off guard, open, so clearly not sent by the ministry, if it came earlier.
“Boss, you alright?” Anthea’s voice came from the bottom of the stairs that led to the girl’s dormitories.
They kept him in the hospital for an insufferable amount of time. Despite his want to be at the police station, having caught the criminal in chasing, Sherlock waited, curious and concerned for John’s condition.
Sherlock was strange, and absolutely abysmal when it came to socialising. He was tall and awkward, and his sense of humour wasn’t shy of dark. But he wasn’t a psychopath. He did care about things, he had passions and goals and aspirations like anybody else. John knew that, even if nobody else did.
“Yes, boring, shake hands and make nice, now get out of my room.” Sherlock ordered, waving a hand in Mycroft’s general direction.
John pulled off his cock, licking the tip of it before changing back to using his hand. "Who's bedroom?" He asked.
“Yes, because bloody fanged roses are perfectly harmless.” Greg replied, keeping his distance from them as much as he could in the slightly squashed greenhouse. The prefect wanted to make the comment that the roses were perfectly clean, the last time they’d drawn blood was when they’d been planted, and Mycroft had been careless enough to take off his gloves anywhere near them.
“This might sound gay or whatever,” Mycroft began, smiling when Greg elbowed him for mimicking him. “But the grey was quite fetching.”
His arm had since healed, he was able to use it fully now after a few weeks of easy going and no quidditch. To which he was going insane about.
“Firstly, we’re friends?” He looked pleased and it took everything Mycroft had in his body not to smile.
is wrong with you! You were fine mere moments ago, and from my knowledge, its not your time of the month.” The anger had been sudden. Mycroft knew Greg to be more impulsive than he was, but never manic in his decisions or emotions. So, this came from nowhere, and he was confused to say the least.
He ignored the compliment, unsure how to react, before his thoughts kicked in again. “Can I see your phone? Muggleborn aren’t you?”
“Well you’re on an army pension, you won’t be able to live in this building forever, but living anywhere else than London…” He studied John for a second before continuing. “Pains you. You don’t have an issue with my constant deductions, nor my violin. I don’t have an issue with your pacing, nor your talking to yourself. Theoretically, it would work smoothly.”
“Alright.” Sherlock replied before pushing himself up, allowing John a moment to pack up his chess set.
They both let out a childish giggle at that, high pitched and care free, every time it died down, one of them burst out again revving up from a snigger into a breathless charade of hilarity. The cycle of giddy laughter seemed to continue forever until slowly it died back down into sleep, and dreams filled with the hope that everything would be alright.
His focused returned to John, who was now tapping his hands against the sides of his legs, his shoulders had tensed and his smiles weren't real anymore. He was uncomfortable, normally Sherlock would enjoy watching the shorter man squirm and stammer, eventually giving up and huffing out an exasperated breath. But he didn't like this, probably because it was other people doing it to his doctor. So swiftly, Sherlock picked up two champagne flutes from a passing member of staff. He handed one to John as he approached, the doctor took it with a soft smile.
Sherlock had never seen John go from zero to one hundred like this before, usually it built up over time, but this was immediate. “John please, just breathe, look at me, and breathe.” He removed his hands from John’s shoulders and took his hands instead, lowering down and tugging John to follow suit. “In and out, slow down.”
John approached quietly, with only the slight shuffling of the sheets as he laid down beside the taller boy, his weight dipping the mattress slightly and edging Sherlock slightly closer to him.
notice him. “Sherlock! C’mere!” He called, and reluctantly, Sherlock turned around, so not to cause a scene, so not to embarrass the traitor, walking over to the couple and trying desperately hard to keep his boiling annoyance off his features. “Sherlock, this is Sarah, you know her right?”
Mycroft didn’t get to see much of Sherlock when they finally got to the castle, Professor Flitwick unlocked the door, and it was agreed that John was their safest bet when it came to calming him down, if he even needed it. That and the Gryffindor was adamant that he needed to apologise immediately. So, the younger boy disappeared into the tower chamber, and the two elders opted to wait outside.
But he also usually had John at his side to glare right back, and distract the taller boy with some incessant rambling about quidditch or what happened the other day at lunch, or how he beat Greg at a game of cards.
“Sort of the opposite.” John replied, his tone unchanging, his voice was filled with tears but his expression was neutral.
It wasn’t until Mycroft had spent more than two weeks straight, sleeping in, eating in, and coming home to Greg’s apartment, that he finally cracked.
“Thanks.” John replied, his voice quiet. “So, you have to pull it from the back and over.” He used his right arm to show Sherlock where to put his hands. “Just be careful not to rip it, it usually doesn’t take much force and-“
“Oh, yes, I'm fine. Your hair…” He muttered the last part, but Greg still caught it, even through the noise of the grand hall, given their proximity.
Sherlock had asked him to come to his house for Christmas, knowing that John would say yes, desperate to escape his shabby, unwelcoming household.
John’s stomach dropped as he came to a realisation even Mycroft hadn't made yet. “Nobody went back to check on him. Oh god- I slammed the door and it locked I never thought- they didn’t say I was the one letting him out.” He spoke rapidly trying desperately to justify himself, both to the other boys and his own inner judgement.
“Parents thought it was a requirement for a gentleman. Like making a princess practice balance, they got me dance lessons.”
“Pot kettle black, Watson, you said I’d fly in a straight line by the end of this.” Sherlock jabbed back, the corners of his mouth quirking up into a smirk.
John managed a watery laugh. “You didn’t have to come here.” He hated being a burden to people, he completely forgot about the library in his haste to get away from all the people in the castle.
His holidays had been a success, Sherlock very much liked the gift the elder Holmes had given him, and in return had granted the keeping of two secrets be it needed, considering he’d spent his savings on a gift for John. He’d managed to avoid as much contact with his extended family as possible, and both his parents kept out of his hair, allowing him to revise for the mock exams he’d have to suffer through once he arrived back to Hogwarts.
“Half-a-dozen.” Mycroft corrected him. One for every day of the working week and one with a sword in the handle, gift from Sherlock, one of his better ones in fact, even If it was just a ploy to get him to play Pirates.
Mycroft could see the terror radiate through his body as he realised he’d lost sigh of the snitch. Quickly his eyes darted around the field, not to find the snitch, but to find the other seeker. The Hufflepuff hadn’t seen it either, and Greg took a breath, before flying higher to survey the field.
“Lock’s, I broke his microscope, accident. Yeah, I’m meeting Andrew outside the pub.” She replied, looking increasingly more dejected when John sighed at her.
“Well if you were as smart as you say, you’d’ve known I’d be fine.” He laughed, but he wasn’t letting go.
"God has a nice ring to it, but John will suffice." John replied and Sherlock scowled at him. "Just touch me before I pass out."
John glanced down at Sherlocks crotch, seeing the fabric of his trousers strained against his erection. "Can I reciprocate?"
Greg caught the snitch in a tumble of glory, and the crowd clicked back into full gear as an uproar of applause cried out over the pitch.
Mycroft sighed, and Greg’s face lit up into a smile, knowing he’d won. “Given my pale complexion I am literally predisposed to not enjoying this kind of weather.”
“I'm sorry about this whole thing, it wasn’t my intention.” Mycroft spoke up, fumbling to find something,
Sherlock was still in confinement. After the incident in the summer, and a harsh word or two from his father, he received a letter over the summer that if, by the time it had been a full year since the incident, he didn’t make anymore ruckus, they’d allow him back into normal school life.
“Maybe.” John muttered, unsure of who would even get him a gift. Greg had got small presents for the team, just as he had, but he’d ordered them not to open them until Christmas day. Johnstone had just thrown him a tin of broom handle wax on their last team meeting before the break went out.
John smiled gently, pride written on his face, and Sherlock smiled back knowing he was right. “Why don’t you open it and check?”
He undid the wrapping with careful fingers. Inside was a white box with a multicoloured cube on it, split into nine cubes visible on each face. It was decorated with a logo that he didn’t recognise, muggle then.
“I-“ He choked out a breath, trying to force himself to breathe properly, to no avail, he could feel the blood trickling from his nose down his face. “I-I’m fine, Greg. I just- I need to go. I can’t be h-here.” He stammered in response, pushing his broom into Greg’s chest, for him to take it.
When their exams began he disregarded everyone and everything. He’d done this in his first three years at Hogwarts, shutting everyone out so his only focus was on study.
“John?” A voice came muffled, and he could only offer an unintelligible grunt in response, squeezing his eyes shut tight before he attempted to open. “John!” The voice came clearer this time, it was Sherlock.
maybe not Hufflepuff.” He added a little laugh, but it was clear compulsion forced him to speak in such detail rather than his own conscious, because his face glowed redder, if that was possible.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Idiot.” John glared at him. “Don’t apologise for meaningless bollocks that isn’t your fault.”
Greg scowled at him, if he was paying more attention he would have noticed that the annoyance was legitimate. “You were flirting.” He replied.
this time. He put his arms through first, his head following, before running his fingers under the hem at the back to pull it down his skin. He then moved his arms to the front, tugging it down until it reached where the breast tissue began. Left first, then right. And like some sort of ritual he swiped his hand over his left side, doing the same with his right before using the both to swipe down over the fabric.
What he failed to grasp was that Mycroft was in control of the umbrella, until the prefect moved it from covering him.
His only option was to call his flatmate, who he knew was laying on the sofa on his phone, Johns phone.
Rolling his eyes at himself he sighed out again, taking a deep breath in before breathing it out slowly. “Well maybe I don’t have to silence my mind palace anymore. I suppose there are benefits, looking on the bright side and all that.” He laughed at that, to himself. John would’ve laughed at it, his uncommon usage of typical adages.
“So, who goes first?” Sherlock asked. He’d never done a gift exchange before and he was genuinely quite nervous about doing it. He couldn’t figure out why, because he could predict John’s reactions, and all of them that he’d bothered to run through had been positive.
“I'm going to try.” John replied, feeling the parcel in his hands. “It’s fabric, too small to be a coat, too light to be jeans, I don’t think you’d get me trousers. It’s too flexible to be a shirt, and not thick enough to have long sleeves. I'm going to say t-shirt or tank top.”
The halls were filled with jump-scares and japes. The fifth-floor corridor was enchanted to look like a gaping chasm with a river below it, despite the fact that you could still walk on it perfectly fine.
He appreciated the other boy’s attempt to lighten the mood, it was better than being miserable on his own for the whole journey.
He didn’t even have that many likeable qualities to begin with, what she saw in him outside of his birth date was a mystery he couldn’t be bothered to solve.
“A sprain, like I told them an hour and a half ago.” John grumbled as they walked out of the hospital. “Why would they trust a bloody doctor? It’s not like I trained in this ruddy hospital for Christ sake.” He spoke angrily, and Sherlock kept his head up, barely able to conceal a smile as he hailed a cab.
“It wasn’t just the once. Silver Surfer, Quick Silver, Silver Samurai, Silver Dagger. All from comic books. The worst part is, I swear she looked it up on purpose. Who the fuck knows Silver Dagger off hand?” Greg asked, Mycroft glanced over at him, he was running his hands through his hair as a result of his annoyance, before they came to rest over his eyes. Mycroft didn’t say anything, knowing he’d continue on his own. “I didn’t like the grey to begin with, I just didn’t think much of it before. It was sort of just how it is. Salt and Pepper. But it’s just like they said, who goes grey at seventeen?” He removed his hands from his face, sighing out loudly and allowing his arms to flop down again at their sides.
It wasn’t the newest model by a long-shot, and it was most definitely second hand, he knew for a fact that Greg would give John his old broom for Christmas, so he decided on a gesture rather than a tangible present.
Sherlock knew about it but never pushed, it was unlike him, but John appreciated it. He couldn’t stand the thought of Sherlock knowing that John dreamed about him in any situation.
“John?” He was shaking now, quiet sobs falling from his lips, Sherlock pushed himself up and rushed over quickly. Sherlock took John by the shoulders, his grip firm yet not aggressive, he turned the other boy to face him. Tears were streaking down the Gryffindor’s face “John what is it?”
Sherlock waited for a moment, a moment of deafening silence but his heard beat in his ears. His ring was still clenched tightly in his other fist, and the hand with the tattoo on it was resting against John’s good shoulder, his thumb rubbing gentle circles.
Mycroft should probably have been concerned about that, but he was usually quite lenient on rule breaking so long as nobody was harmed. Besides it wasn’t as if they could prove he knew if they ended up catching the fourth year. “I don’t know, I may be biased.”
John watched in disbelief, as he chased that criminal around the corner, once he was out of sight, the doctor placed his head in his hands and sighed, a laugh ghosting in his throat.
?” John deadpanned. He hadn't done anything wrong in this entire ordeal, as far as everybody was concerned, he was the victim, because he
Right at this moment, everyone seems to realize Sally hasn't said a word since opening the card. John turns to her and realizes she has tears streaming down her cheeks. "I don't understand," she says, looking directly at Sherlock, "I was so mean to you, and you want me to be godmother to your little girl?"
Sherlock has a sudden reminiscing of the kind of business she deals in and frowns. "I don't want to do business with you, thank you. Please feel free to see yourself out."
In the quiet that accompanies the teacher speaking, John begins a note to his friends explaining what happened. He passes it around, and by the time it gets back to him comments range from "This can't go on," from Molly, "Really, he said omegas are just housekeepers and bedwarmers?," from Mike, and "You should run away," from Jim.
Sebastian looks up from reading the telegram and jogs off for the phone, eager to hear about his godchild and their sibling, and of course his best friend and his mate. He dials the numbers excitedly, pacing anxiously as the phone rings. He puts the phone on speakerphone as Murray and Gregson catch up, all of them eagerly surrounding the phone.
"John," Mycroft says, getting onto the floor with me. He takes both my hands and tilts my head up so I'm looking at him, "Stop. It's okay."
After a moment, Sherlock moves back, though not far. Dr. Angelo takes that as the acquisition it is and moves in, setting his bag on the side table. "He's beautiful, Sherlock. Congratulations on finding him." Sherlock nods in agreement. "I'd like to do a full physical exam while I'm here. What's his name?"
John's first mistake is that he doesn't ask where, exactly, they're going at eleven thirty at night. He just climbs into the taxi with Sherlock and promptly goes back to sleep on his mate's shoulder. His second mistake is agreeing to enter the stupid museum. His third mistake will get someone killed.
"Jim, can you make a list of what all we'll need to steal?" John commands.  Jim nods and begins to write. "You know guys, I used to use Bluetooth earpieces when I would steal. I had three at home that I brought." He pulls them out in amidst shocked looks from the rest of his pack. "What? Always be prepared, that's my motto. I would've been a great Boy Scout."
No, no, no, he surely did not have a dream fantasizing about Sherlock's Detective Inspector. That was inappropriate, he had never even met the man!
"Hey." John can feel a lot of turbulent emotions through their bond, so he sets aside the cookies he was in the process of wrapping. "What happened?"
Lestrade laughs. "And how'd you know that? The way I buttoned my shirt? Position of my paperweight?"
John nods. He slowly drifts off to sleep. His pack members curl up together on the floor. "Hey, you have your own rooms, if you want."
The man looks shocked. "Detective Inspector, I appreciate your concern, but I have trained for moments like the one I ran into. I am no standard civilian."
John finds himself feeling glad for the break, because it both gives him time to heal and gives him time to get to know his mate better. After the first ten days, he gets his sutures (stitches) removed from his shoulder and he gets to begin physical therapy that same day.
He leaves the room and goes to search for clothes. What little the Omega has told him makes him wonder about what he's experienced, and about the people who have courted him in the past.
Sherlock shakes his head. "It wasn't rape," he argues. "I asked John to bond with me. He didn't do anything I didn't want; nothing was done that I didn't ask for, or even beg for."
John's heart broke as he listened to his mate describe in a clinical detached voice what had happened to his Omega. No wonder the boy seemed to want nothing to do with him, and why he jumped and looked frightened when John used his Alpha voice.
“I like to do experiments. Sometimes I experiment on things so I can solve a case-one time I went to Bart’s and whipped a body in the morgue with a riding crop so I could see the bruise patterns that formed and clear or condemn a man- and if I don’t need the experiment for a case I just research random knowledge that I want to know-differences in tobacco ash, a comparison of different types of wool, different types of perfume, mold on toes, just random science experiments. What were you going to say before?”
Greg smirks a bit. "Completely voluntary. Last year, I was working a case when Sherlock showed up. He began doing that deduction thing of his where he can tell someone's life story by looking at them." I grin with relief, Sherlock can tell anyone's life story, which means I don't have the word "victim" written somewhere on my forehead.
I shrug. "Sure." We sit in silence until I fall asleep. In the morning when I wake, I am nestled safely in my Alpha's arms. And although a large part of me says I should fight this, I nuzzle in closer until my Alpha stirs.
The man has never looked more relieved to see them in all his life, Sherlock notes. He doesn’t look murderous, just sad, which is probably good, because Sherlock wasn’t too sure he would be good at talking Lestrade out of a murder.
Last try then-Jim. I know John and Jim had a small falling out lately, but it's the only other place John could be. I try Jim's door, which is locked, so I knock instead.
"I think I want the same things you do. To assure John is safe. When he jumped he told us he wanted to return to you, and to keep away from his Alpha. I was rather hoping you would all return and come live with us so John doesn't attempt to hurt himself again. That way you can also reassure yourselves he's alright."
Greg leads my mother upstairs, or rather he tries, but she flies back down to hug me. "Good luck, sweetheart. I love you."
“The evidence you gathered is of interest to the government. I’m afraid I must insist you turn over your case files, effective immediately.”
They crawl into bed together, John looping an arm over Sherlock so he's cradling his mate close. He falls asleep instantly. At one point, he wakes to find Sherlock has left the bed and is just creeping back in. "Sh'lock?" John slurs sleepily.
"You are one of the only married men I know. Regardless of the fact that your wife is cheating on you, I figured I could talk to you. It was either talking to you or Anderson, and you were the obvious choice because I can actually tolerate you. You're not stupid like the others."
He's so angry that he almost misses the fact that the door to 221B is open a tiny bit. Well, that's not all right. Someone is breaking into his flat and disturbing his nest and he's already angry. He pulls out a slip of paper and quickly leaves a note for John whenever he deems to come home 'Crime in progress. Please disturb.' He shoves the door open and barges his way inside, cerulean eyes roaming wildly while he deduces. His first matter of concern is Mrs. Hudson, so that is where he automatically looks first. Her flat is obviously empty, and the scratch on the wall concerns him. It's possible she left that scratch, trying to fight off attackers who were carrying her up the stairs. He trails his finger over it, fitting his own fingernail in. It's the perfect size. His eyes dart up the stairs as he imagines her desperately screaming for his help. With no further ado, he hurries up the stairs and enters his own flat.
“The Freak?” John growls, and the woman stops. “Right. Your mate, sorry. Anderson, I’m taking Holmes’ mate up to the body, watch for curious interlopers.”
Sherlock stands then, and moves over to John. He wraps his arms around him and rests his chin on John's shoulder. They stand like that until the timer goes off. The spell is broken, and Sherlock the cook is back in residence. He darts around the kitchen, adding ingredients to the pie and whipping cream until he is satisfied. He's in a frenzy, yet John finds it magical and somehow peaceful.
Mycroft is sitting at the Diogenes Club when his cell phone rings. Fortunately he is in his inner office where talking is permitted, so he promptly picks up. “Anthea. Is Detective Inspector Lestrade being recaltricant with the case information? Tenacity is an admirable trait, but I believe he may take it too far on occasion. Just reassure him that we actually do need access to the case, smooth his feathers a bit so he doesn’t think we’ve trying to undermine him, and phone me again as soon as we have those files.”
“Hi, John,” Sherlock answers, feeling his heart squeeze painfully as he looks over his mate. ‘It’s ridiculous that I’m hurting simply because he’s hurt. What a useless bit of sentiment,’ Sherlock thinks.
John checks the clock and realizes it will soon be time to leave. Sherlock heads upstairs to pack a suitcase, throwing it together haphazardly.
From the moment John first meets Sebastian he wants to punch him in his smarmy face. The man is altogether condescending, calling Sherlock a freak until John snarls at him and puts him in his place. Far from seeming threatened, Sebastian laughs. “So you found yourself a mate? We didn’t think you ever would, little freak.”
As soon as John is gone down the elevator, Sherlock is up, out of his room, and standing at the elevator.
Upon arrival back to 221B, Sherlock hears his phone go off with Irene Adler's ringtone. Curiously, he digs it out. 'Merry Christmas.' it says. He shoves it distractedly into his pocket, most of his interest on the box he has noticed shoved on their front stoop. He picks it up as John fumbles with the key. They go inside, Sherlock still tossing the box- light, though there is definitely something inside- and are instantly waylaid by Mrs. Hudson. After a bit of fussing over John, Sherlock, and both babies, and general well-wishes of Christmas and having plates of cookies thrown at them they are able to excuse themselves and sneak off to their own flat.
"I know it is my decision, but I think this is what I want. I owe it to both myself and him to invest myself in a relationship with him. I can do this, just, the initial conversation idea really scares me. I should explain, just so he understands my history, but I've never fully talked about it before and I'm scared to death."
"I'm sorry," he says quietly. I'm too busy trying to control my breathing to respond. Molly crawls up onto the sofa with me, taking one of my hands and patting it gently, whispering softly in my ear. I can't understand what she's saying, but the tone is soothing and I quickly calm.
The group returns to Baker Street and Sherlock texts Mycroft. After a few minutes, he makes a Skype call to his brother.
He can feel everything slowing. Metabolism, heart rate, thinking ability, voluntary muscle control. He should probably call Mycroft, but he just doesn't care. John doesn't want him. With that final depressing thought, he drifts off.
"Don't call him that," he admonishes, pulling out into traffic. "There's a lot you don't understand."
"Molly, you can go first. Mike and I will watch John." I lead Molly to the bathroom, give her the clothes-Sherlock and I figured out long ago that one of the thieves was a female, and her size in case we were ever targeted- and leave. I repeat the process two more times for Mike and Jim. Mike doesn't speak to me, but Jim asks, "Why are you doing this?"
As soon as he gets off, he ducks behind the building. Jim is already there, wearing a pair of dark sunglasses. "Hey Jim. Looking stylish," John teases. Jim doesn't respond. Because he's often does the same thing, John reaches up and gently takes the sunglasses off.
The doorbell rings, and I move into the foyer to let the doctor in. "Hello, Mycroft. So I'm here to look at your foot?"
"Yes, James Moriarty sends his love." Unbeknownst to Sherlock, Irene is on the plane. She has obviously entered behind them. John decides to place the more obvious threat to his front and shoves Sherlock out of the way yet again so he can protect him from Irene. Mycroft is angry, yes, but ultimately John trusts that Mycroft will not hurt his brother. Irene is a wild card, and John doesn't trust her.
"Yes you have," Mycroft tells me in a no-nonsense tone. "But John, you can fix this. You're already trying, which is a good sign. You have to actually talk to Sherlock, you know. Tell him what's happened."
Watching Sherlock in the kitchen isn't that bad, John decides as he sees his mate begin gathering materials and mixing them together. In fact, there's points like now, when Sherlock is bent over to grab a pan from a lower shelf, that John realizes he would gladly watch Sherlock for hours if he was asked. Sherlock straightens and grins at him. "See something you like?"
He dumps a pile of snacks onto John's bed. Surprisingly, he grabs a piece of chocolate, unwraps it and pops it in his mouth, still jabbering a mile a minute.
Cleaning accomplish, he gets out and grabs for a towel, until he catches sight of himself in the mirror and pauses.
"No. I prefer my alpha to be of the female variety. Although I gotta say I hope my alpha stays as far away from me as he is right now, so that has to count for something."
John awakes at around seven in the morning to find Sherlock has curled up with him. His mate is tucked around him cautiously so as not to injure him, which makes John smile. He wants to get up though, so he carefully picks Sherlock up, attempting to move him without waking him up. Of course, his arm gave out with a sharp lancet of pain the second he picks up his soul mate, so he drops Sherlock.
He feels a pang of sadness as he thinks of his brother and how alone he is. Mycroft doesn't realize all the good that comes from having a mate, he sees only the bad. Sherlock hopes that someday his brother can find someone too.
"Thank you," John answers, and he enters the room, coming to a halt inside the door. There is a naked woman in the room, touching his mate! John stares at the woman, then glances down at the bowl in his hand. "I've missed something, haven't I?" he asks the room's occupants.
"You're not so bad yourself." She smiles at him, holding his gaze until he breaks away, feeling a light blush across his cheeks though he doesn't understand why.
We were also going to move out. Sherlock found a nice flat on Baker Street. The landlady is very sweet, too. She knew Sherlock-he helped make sure her husband was arrested and received the death penalty- so she was positively overjoyed we'd be moving in. Didn't even care we were gay, only wanted to discuss wedding dates because "Mrs. Turner next door has married ones," whatever that's supposed to mean.
There are three Chinese people nearby, a woman and two men. The woman is clearly the leader. One of the men is digging through his wallet, which makes John mad. The other palms a gun loosely in his hand.
"Oh." Sherlock drops his brother's hand and sits silently as Mycroft meanders to the bathroom. Once he is safely sequestered away, Sherlock glances at John. "Sorry I woke you."
"I'm not fretting. I just get to see you so rarely, and you're always engulfed in that computer. I forget what color your eyes are."
He ducks off into the next room. "John, your mate has a text alert with a woman making pleasure sounds?" Lestrade asks.
John flies down the stairs in an instant, awake and alert. "Irene. You're looking...surprisingly well, considering last time we saw you you were on a concrete slab."
"Your help," Sherlock answered, staring at the detective inspector as though the man was being deliberately obtuse.
"Do you know what he calls you?" she questions, and Sherlock isn't sure who she's talking to. "The Ice Man," she says, her gaze settling on Mycroft, "and The Virgin."
And so ends 'Courting Sherlock!' A big thank you to everyone who took this journey with me for the past eight months, I hope you've all enjoyed this story as much as I have.
"Shut up, Sherlock. I'm in a great mood and not even you can ruin it," I hear Greg say as I scamper off to the dining room. I don't want to make eye contact with him yet.
Right before dinner, Greg finds me to report Mycroft has locked himself in his office. "He won't talk to me, but I can smell him. I know he's in there," Greg tells me tearfully.
Mycroft actually laughs now, a short aborted chuckle, but a genuine laugh all the same. "How novel! I'm being blackmailed."
His phone chimes, and he stares at the new text flashing across the screen from an unknown number, taunting him. "If you ever want to see your mate again, Mr. Watson, come to this location." It's followed by an address, one Sherlock knows well from his homeless network.
"What more do I need? We're not even dating! I need you to ask me out, then you can propose, then we can be married. The standard way a relationship works!"
"What should we do about the people downstairs? Mycroft would want to keep the party rolling, in spite of this," Sherlock says.
"I understand that your biology is probably making you want to have me within sight all the time right now," John comforts, "but Sherlock, we have no food in the flat, and my biology will not allow my Omega to starve for any reason whatsoever, crazed bombers be d**ned."
It's Christmas Eve, and John is woken up early by a knock on the door. He rolls out of bed with a fond smile at his sleeping mate and answers the door. A workman of some sort is on the other side, holding a clipboard and looking bored. "Hello, is this the Watson-Holmes residence?"
"Okay. Come along then, Mycroft." Sherlock seizes Mycroft's forearm and they both walk in the parlor. My pack gathers round, each squeezing my arm in encouragement before they enter.
"What's wrong with my baby?" Sherlock demands. "There should be nothing, I've been doing everything that I've read from trusted pediatricians' and obstetricians' magazines and websites. What's wrong, what's happening?"
I contemplate this. It's an odd picture, the way my Alpha sees me. Perhaps someday I can see myself this way too.
"Yes John, keep up. So, she goes missing. Obvious solution, she's the next one threatened and has vanished before she could be killed."
It is cold outside, but Mycroft seems impervious to the cold. Sherlock doesn't wait or try to talk Mycroft down, he grabs his brother's arm and hauls him down the ladder. John catches him before he can be hurt.
It hurts, but not as much as it does when Mycroft finally enters the room and finds his baby brother unresponsive. Mycroft screams and dials the ambulance, praying to a God he doesn't even believe in that his brother will be alright.
"Oh! It's beautiful!" He reaches into the box to pull out a gold pocket watch, caressing it gently. "How on Earth did you buy this for me without me noticing? I get all of your credit card statements!"
He is going over to Mrs. Hudson immediately. "Oh, Mrs. Hudson," he says, so gently, "my God, are you alright?" he asks as he sits down next to their still-crying landlady. "Jesus-" John begins, and Sherlock realizes he is trembling with rage, and about thirty seconds away from turning into a wolf and ripping the American limb to limb. And while that would be pleasant to see, it doesn't fit in with Sherlock's plan to make the man suffer, because that would be entirely too quick.
I stay in his lap, smelling the comforting smell of family. There is a part of me that panics more at this, but I firmly tamp it down. Sherlock is my mate, Mycroft is his family which makes him my family. Simple math: Mycroft equals family.
"Where did that ring come from?" asks John. "I'm certain you didn't have it in your pocket, because I had to grab your coat off the hook when we left Baker Street."
"Hang on," John cuts in, "we have something we wanted to tell you." He pulls the envelope labelled 'Lestrade' out of his pocket and offers it to the man. "We've got one for you too, Donovan," John tells the woman, offering the second envelope to her.
"Mycroft! Oh my baby! My poor baby!" She pushes his sleeve up gently, revealing the silver scars from his burns, and gently kisses them before kissing his cheek. "I didn't know. I'm so sorry. Please forgive me."
I am so so sorry to all of my lovely readers that it has taken this long for me to post! Excuses time: I had two tests (one a major final) and tonsilitis within the past few weeks. On the plus side, all that crap is resolved now, and I graduated, so I should have more time to write again.
"Sherlock," John croons, touching his Omega in an attempt to soothe him. Sherlock instantly arches into the touch, leaving hope in John's heart that perhaps everything isn't ruined between them. "Hey," he says. "Wipe those tears, yeah? Sit up and talk to me."
John leads them throughout the streets of London until they finally stop in front of two buildings. Lestrade begins directing back-up, which he must have called on the way over, ordering his men to split up. John rushes ahead without any thought to his own safety, darting into one of the buildings and running through the hallway. It is only by pure luck that he sees Sherlock as he pushes through a door. Sherlock is in the opposite building, holding a pill to his lips, and John has just enough time to think that his soulmate is truly stupid before pulling his gun and shooting the cabbie dead.
Sherlock freezes. For a good several minutes he doesn't say anything, doesn't even blink. I'm waiting for a response, for forgiveness or anger bubbling over, but I didn't expect catatonia. I stand there for ten minutes. Eventually he does blink, but nothing else. So I leave.
"We would like you to come dine with us this evening, if you have no other plans," Mycroft informs my mother.
Soo Lin shoves him out of the alcove. "Go! Find Sherlock!" John runs off, heart in his throat. His heart regains a normal-ish rhythm as he sees Sherlock up ahead, clearly not shot.
Once the floor is finished, Mycroft calls a morgue (St. Bart's, they won't be smart enough to think anything other than "hunting accident") and a flooring company. His father's body is removed, and a new floor is laid.
He watches the two walk away, and sees John laugh at something Sherlock says. He mutters something quietly to Donovan, probably trying to excuse them both when they’re laughing at a crime scene, and watches Sherlock halt and pull himself up taller. Intimidation tactic, maybe? He crosses over to a taller gentleman, and the two begin a rapid exchange of words which Lestrade can’t overhear at this distance.
"Would you like to talk about it with other people present? We could have your pack, Greg if you want too, there for support. I could sit with Sherlock if you want, or get lost for the conversation. Whatever would make you more comfortable is what I want to do."
"Hey, can I walk you back to your house?" John asks. At Sherlock's weird look, he elaborates, "Don't worry, I fully know the word 'no.' But the streets of Afghanistan are dangerous for foreigners right now."
"Just you wait until you get bonded. You'll have office sex, table sex, crazy hot wild monkey sex, all with Lestrade."
"Hamish," John says, and the comment is so off-the-wall both Sherlock and Irene turn to stare at him. "John Hamish Watson. Just in case you were looking for baby names."
“You wanna go home? Lessss do it. Right now. Go hoooome.” He begins struggling to sit up, so Sherlock crosses over to the bed and gently, tenderly pushes him back down.
Once he reaches the top floor, John doesn't see his Omega, but the closing door to the roof gives some clue of where he might be. How he managed to open it when he required a key card John will never know, but he leaps at the door and pounds up the stairs.
"But all of those lives-" John begins, pondering the horror. As a doctor and an Army man, he hates the idea of what Sherlock is implying. All those innocent civilian lives lost...Sherlock says nothing in response, and John gets lost in his head for a while, picturing the terror of what is to come.
"Oh." Three hours? This surprises me. Then I realize something else. "How do you know how long I was learning?" It's Sherlock's turn to look embarrassed for once. "And while you're at it, why don't you tell me why the table keeps moving?"
Sherlock goes over to John's laptop-conveniently located by John- and very nearly crawls into his mate's lap as he's checking the flight details. "Flight double oh-seven," Sherlock mutters. "There's something familiar about that." On the case now, he pushes himself up so he can pace. He makes it all the way to the mantel, replaying a scene in his Mind Palace. Mycroft had come, had answered the phone, and had returned to the room saying, "Bond Air is go." The words replay in Sherlock's mind, but they are enough to make his blood run cold. If Mycroft is involved in this, he has just made a grave error.
Mycroft straightens himself out again, glances at John with a self-conscious smile, and then places a hand on his brother's back, almost the Ice Man once again. John moves a bit so he can touch Mycroft too, physically reassuring the man he doesn't hold him responsible for the meeting with Moriarty. Mycroft looks shocked, but he doesn't move away.
Two hours later, Sherlock and John are lying on the couch, stroking each other's arms lovingly, when the explosion occurs. The men who find them mention something about a gas leak in amidst mumbles about evacuation.
John waves a hand. "I'll talk with him, just to be sure. I think he's okay, though. He's a bit nervous about cooking."
“Are these human eyes?” Donovan asks, dismayed as she holds up the bag. “Why are they in the microwave?”
Sherlock's answer is cut off by the ringing of his phone. He answers it, then tells John, "it's Lestrade." He nods along in agreement to whatever the man is saying, and clicks his phone shut. "He wants us down at the Yard to consult."
He bursts back into the room where they had first met Soo Lin, and goes pale as he sees her lying there dead. He swears again, guilty and angry.
“You’re joking, right? Sherlock, we are not going to break into your brother’s house!” John turns to realize he is talking to air. Sherlock has already begun scaling the fence. “Oh, you’ve got to be kidding!” John grumbles, hoisting himself up the fence.
One glance at him breaks John's heart in two. Sherlock is staring at him in shock, looking as though he's been betrayed. It takes John a moment, and then he realizes what Sherlock seems to believe-that he, John, is Moriarty. Desperately, John looks down at the readout from Moriarty, hoping there's something for him to say. Fortunately, there is.
The car arrives at the hospital, and John follows Mycroft in to the room where Sherlock is lying. His heart lurches, and he rushes forward, dropping the bag of clothes onto the floor. "Sherlock? It's John Watson. I'm here now, and I'm going to bond you really soon." Impulsively, he reaches out and runs a hand through the boy's inky black curls. Then he jumps up again.
“That I can’t tell you,” Mycroft answers. “But I’m sure Sherlock can figure it out. Good day gentlemen, and Sherlock do remember to lock up prior to leaving.” The video screen vanishes and Sherlock is left staring blankly at the desktop once more.
The door slams in my face. I hear things being thrown. "Get up, my best friend is missing.  We're going to look for him."
John shrugs. "I always hear 'punch me in the face' when you're speaking, but it's usually subtext," he quips. "You have a history of abuse, no I'm not going to punch you!"
"That smart look. Seeing through you, he's got that look too. Even with him looking tired I can see that."
Mycroft is the first inside, and he follows the sound of sobs to the parlor. His mother is in there, staring at the blood on the floor, the room looking every bit like one of Sherlock's crime scenes. He steps daintily over his father's corpse, resisting the urge to simultaneously kick him in the side, and to vomit.
"Sherlock, darling!" Mrs. Holmes bustles up the path, grabbing her son and kissing him on both cheeks since his hands are full. "Oh, and John!" He gets a kiss too. "And you must be the Detective Inspector who Sherlock helps on cases! Lestrade, wasn't it?" she asks, shaking his hand.
"You just want to stick your tongue back in Mycroft's mouth," Jim says viciously, though he laughs so Greg knows it's a joke.
Sherlock sneers. "The child will have my DNA. It's far more likely the child would be a worse hellion than I ever was as a child."
Something is wrong, there is a small part of him that knows that. He doesn't eat, worse than usual. He doesn't sleep. At all. He doesn't experiment, even though there's all kinds of interesting mold growing on the toes now. It's just boring.
Once inside the car, Sherlock begins turning over the ticket in his hands. "There's going to be a bomb in a passenger jet," he tells John. He has the feeling their escort already knows what he has deduced, so he doesn't bother to lower his voice. "The British and American governments know about it, but rather than expose the source of that information they're going to let it happen. Coventry all over again. The wheel turns. Nothing is ever new." The last sentence is practically spat with disdain.
The Omega in question knocks back the glass he ordered, sets it on the counter, and twirls away. Literally twirls, the movement so graceful John's mouth actually goes dry. Yep, he's got it bad.
The sergeants holding my father drag him off, leaving me standing with my expanded family. I'm not sure what to say, how to request what I want, but thankfully Mycroft is a Holmes and thus a mind-reader.
"Alas, mangy cur! Ye've been defeated! Walk the plank!" roared Sherlock. "Redbeard and I have sunk your ship!"
"If you seem slow to me, imagine what ordinary people are like. I'm living in a world full of goldfish."
"Oh, I insist," Sherlock answers, spreading his arms obligingly. His fish is hooked. The stupid unsuspecting American steps closer to Sherlock, who remains calm for the first moment. He yanks at Sherlock's coat a bit before he moves around to his side, then crosses to Sherlock's back. He pulls at Sherlock's coat again, which makes Sherlock roll his eyes. He pulls the can of pepper spray that Lestrade had recently gifted him from his pocket and squirts the man in the eyes with it. "Moron," he proclaims scathingly as the American falls to the floor with a cry.
Giving himself a decisive nod in the mirror, Mycroft strides off to get dressed. He pulls on his battle armor for the day, his walls of ice that left people at arms' length. Because that was where he liked people, far away; he wasn't lonely, and caring wasn't an advantage.
Another hour and a forty minutes later, Sherlock has boarded and disembarked a ferry to Calais, France. The text from Mycroft comes just as Sherlock is leaving the ferry, 'What are you doing? -MH'
"John!" Sherlock gasps, tugging frantically at John's jumper. Once he gets it off, he hurls it haphazardly across the room.
"John," she whispers, "don't let my life distract you from yours. Just because I had a cruel mate doesn't mean I think you should stop your plans to be bonded. Are you truly in love?"
"Jim Moriarty," the leader introduces. "This is Mike Stamford and Molly Hooper with me. On the couch is our fourth pack member and Sherlock's soulmate John Watson."
"No. Once we've determined you're not going to hurt anyone or yourself we will let you out. Threatening to throw things at me didn't help you."
"A few days later, Sherlock dhows up at a new scene. Mycroft came with him, stood back a respectable distance, and watched him work. Neither of them introduced him, so I went to chase him off. As soon as I approached, he looked at me and congratulated me on having this job. The second he spoke-oh this is embarrassing-I practically swooned. I knew right then who he was to me. He knew it too. After that, he started intensely courting me. Sending flowers to work for me, sending food, the works. Eventually he started showing up with whatever he brought. After about two weeks he asked me to move in, so I said yes."
Sherlock pulls up Mycroft’s email, uploads the drawing, then sends it to Mycroft through his own drafts folder.
I sit there and write for a while. I begin writing about my father, and suddenly everything comes pouring out onto that paper- Dad's abuse, Mom's suffering, Harry's tendency to provoke, and me, trying to please yet always failing, my own fears about having an Alpha and specific examples to back it up. It's as though all the poison that's been poured in me as a child is bleeding it's way onto the pages.
"I'm here," Sherlock responds, then he doesn't say anything at all because John has pulled him into a kiss that literally makes his toes curl. "If this is what me being gone does, I'm going to leave more often," Sherlock quips.
"He saw a couple signs of abuse, falsely presumed they were your handiwork, and banned you so you couldn't hurt me again," Sherlock replies.
"Of course. But maybe we can just share heats or something. No need to inconvenience us both more," he mumbles, dropping off to sleep.
“Blue. It’s a safe color.” Seeing John’s confusion, he elaborates, “Blue is the color of the ocean I imagined when I was Bootstrap Bill playing pirates, and Father was away. Blue is the color of Mycroft’s eyes, and my mother’s too. Blue is the color of the sky outside, which was safer than inside. Blue is a safe color. My turn: how old are you?”
They wind up in 221C, and at first glance it appears that the room is indeed the one that was shown in the picture. There is a pair of sneakers on the floor, which Sherlock instantly drops to the ground to examine, despite knowing that they could be a bomb. The phone rings, making both Alphas in the room jump, though Sherlock only rolls his eyes.
"And I'm sorry! But it was either Jim or Greg or Mike or Sherlock or you, and Jim is upset with me, Sherlock's my mate, you're kinda scary, and Mike's not gay, so that left Greg."
"I've got you," Greg answers, smiling at me, grabbing me under the arm. "Benefits of being a Detective Sergeant, I'm strong!" He sounds so enthusiastic about this that I laugh.
Upon hearing John shout orders to drug/sedate him, Sherlock freaks. He claws desperately at the window. John has never been more thankful in his life to have windows that can't open in a hospital-typically to prevent a suicidal patient from being successful, but in this case it works well to keep agitated Omegas from taking a flying leap out the window. "Mycroft! Help me!" Sherlock shrieks, and John's heart breaks for him.
"No, I don't remember. I was, quite possibly, preoccupied with pushing babies out of my body when this discussion in question took place."
"Nothing." I think it's awkward being around him right now. Part of me wants to trust him and believe he won't hurt me, the other half remembers my parents and knows that just because I feel safe doesn't mean I am.
"Bite me. Bond me. Please." The words are a shock to him, but he knows this is what he wants, the  man above him as his own forever. He has never asked this of anyone before, not even in heat. This man is different, special.
Sherlock teaches me chemistry and biology too. We do several experiments together, several of which I'm not even sure why we're doing, but they're interesting. For example, why the categorizing of 243 different types of tobacco ash will ever be necessary is far beyond me. Personally, I think Sherlock just enjoyed the expression of abject horror on Mycroft's face when he gleefully elaborated on our experiments for his brother's benefit.
Mycroft stands up and heads off for work. Greg follows him. Sherlock waits patiently until I am done eating to help me up. We go up the stairs, Sherlock's strong arms under me, and he swings open the door to a room I haven't been inside yet. "This is my lab," he tells me, pride in his voice.
"Then that's what we'll do," answers John. "You go ahead downstairs and tell your mother what happened, and tell her that I'm staying with Mycroft for the rest of the day. I'd like you to stay with everyone, though. Mycroft's not out of the woods yet, and it's not going to be pretty as he comes off these drugs, and I'd rather you not see it. Can you do that for me?"
“Yes, Mycroft and I unfortunately share genetic material. As for John, he’s okay in the manner that he’s still alive and they believe he should have full use of his arm, but he’s on pain medication and was sleeping the last time I saw him.”
"Yeah, Greg mentioned something like that. I don't care who you are, you have to follow directions or I'll arrest you."
"John!" Sherlock exclaims, grabbing John's hand and lying it flat across his abdomen. "Do you feel that?" The sense of wonder in his voice and flowing through the bond tells John what Sherlock himself hasn't, the twins aren't in danger. Far from it.
"Right, I was. So he's living with his brother, but he has clear signs of abuse on his skin. Burn marks and other scars, you know. He wasn't conscious at the time, so I banned his brother just to be safe."
"Good morning, Johnny boy!" chirps someone happily. John blinks his bleary eyes and stares at the man in front of him. He looks vaguely familiar, but John can't place where he knows him. "Don't you recognize me? But of course, that was the point of my disguise. And it was fun, playing 'Gay Jim from IT.'" John has a flash of understanding. This man is Moriarty, and if he's with Moriarty, then Sherlock is in danger.
"Good luck," Mycroft says brusquely, and the click of the dial tone lets Sherlock know Mycroft is done with their conversation.
"We're going to need groceries," John tells Sherlock. "Stupid Moriarty kidnapped me before I could get the groceries yesterday."
Sherlock stares at him for a moment. "You're brilliant!" He kisses John, then releases him so John can reach his phone.
John has no idea what that is supposed to mean, so he ignores it. As he and Sherlock go out into the hallway, they find Irene's friend lying on the ground. John begins assessing her, and doesn't realize that Sherlock and Irene have both left until Kate is sitting up slowly and he then starts looking for his mate. A feeling of alarm shooting through their bond has him running down a hall searching for Sherlock.
"Your brother called us a painter to get the nursery done as a Christmas present to us both. He also set up things to do around London all day so you're not affected by the paint fumes. Then we're to spend the night at his house, and come back the next morning when the paint is dry, which he says will be in time for our party."
John jumps to alertness again as someone approaches the ambulance, but relaxes instantly as he identifies Mycroft. "Hello, Mycroft," he greets quietly.
Mycroft most overhear him because in the next moment he looks at his brother and says, "Don't be alarmed, it's to do with sex." He passes John a teacup, and hands one to his brother as well.
He laughs, and for just a moment I see the old Jim. "I'm not mad at you, John. And I'll always be in your corner if you need me. I'm thinking I'm going to ask Mycroft to send me to school. I'd like to get out of the house a bit more."
"Homework? You listen to me, boy. No alpha wants an intelligent omega. You need to learn to clean house and be a nice bedwarmer. That's all you need to know."
Nobody says anything, they sit in silence for awhile. Nobody eats much either, except John and Mycroft. At least, Mycroft eats until he remembers his father's voice calling him fat, then he turns very pale and shoves his food away.
“Please tell me you texted him or something! I am not going to have an angry drugged-up Alpha coming onto my crime scene to drag you back home because you didn’t tell him where you were!”
The cab drops them off and Sherlock bolts inside. He lays out the craft supplies and sets to work. Although John offers several times to help, Sherlock declines. "I'd prefer to do it on my own, if that doesn't offend you," he tells John. "I have an idea, a part of my Mind Palace is dedicated to how I want it to look, but it's a bit difficult to explain."
"Lestrade, we've had a break-in at Baker Street."  "Send your least irritating officers and an ambulance." He listens to Lestrade's prattled concerns, cutting him off rapidly. "Oh no, no, no, we're fine," he reassures him as he continues to glare at the American. "No, it's the-the burglar. He's got himself rather badly injured." The American stares at him, confused. "Oh, a few broken ribs, fractured skull," Sherlock tells Lestrade in response to the man's question of what, exactly, is wrong with the burglar. He fully intends to ensure these injuries are present by the time Lestrade arrives, and he makes sure the American knows it. "Suspected punctured lung," he continues. "He fell out of a window." Then he ends the call. In an instant, he has the American pulled to his feet and hurls him, still tied up, out the window.
The ride back home is silent, mainly because Sherlock rolls down the window of the taxi and sticks his head out like a happy dog, inhaling the scent of London. He’s missed this while being in Afghanistan. It’s good to be home.
John looks very confused by this statement. He ends up patting her shoulder back and collapses onto the couch, very obviously cradling his injured shoulder. With Mycroft’s help, Sherlock pulls his mate up and puts him to bed in the downstairs bedroom. He adjusts some pillows, fluffing them a bit and generally fussing over his mate before he can feel satisfied and leave.
John has just finished breakfast and is starting the dishes when a frantic hammering is heard. "Just a minute," John calls.
When the car finally stops, John stares in shock at Holmes Manor. Apparently his young mate is accustomed to a much better lifestyle than the one John can provide. 'Think about that later,' John chides his inner wolf. 'His father just died.'
A moment later, a blonde brown haired doctor replaces the blonde brown wolf. Ignoring the ginger-haired brother, he whirls and heads to his mate first. "Sherlock, are you alright?"
"I saw the way you flinched when Lestrade used his Alpha voice. I sat through the classes, I know that that is often a sign of abuse. If it's John, we can get you away from him."
"No, it's a replica," Sherlock corrects, "but someone went through a lot of trouble to make it seem like the same one."
"Sherlock?" the woman echoes, and the gun in her henchman's hand is leveled at John. "Come out, Mr. Holmes, or we will murder your mate!"
"They're all sweet in the beginning, you naïve boy," my father tells me. "Just you wait. He's got his claws into you, he'll show his true self soon."
Mycroft exits 221B and calls his driver around to take him home. Now that he had processed everything he needed to, exhaustion had set in. He crawls into the car and drifts in a half-asleep state, thinking about his brother and his brother's Alpha.
I shuffle to the door and somehow make my way to Greg's room. Sherlock doesn't come after me, which to me speaks volumes. I wait until the sun goes down, but he leaves me alone.
When he pulls away he clips his head on the top of the log, and his indignant expression makes me laugh. John giggles too.
"Of course. I always wanted a soulmate. You get one and you're not even sure you want him. Plus, Sherlock was my celebrity crush."
We burst onto a clearing and Sebastian stops. "If course!" I hear Mike exclaim, and I realize this was where John and his pack lived for a bit before they came to us.
He jogs off, knowing that Sherlock will be angry at him for this, but just the same knowing it needs to be done. He pulls out his mobile and dials that number again.
However, Sherlock is nesting again, and he's not too pleased with the strangers and the scents they bring into his flat. He snarls at them, generally snapping and making a nuisance until they agree to leave him and John to their own devices.
Sherlock huffs as John climbs into bed. His eyes go shut immediately, though he can feel his soulmate's stare piercing him.
Mycroft shoots him a bland look. "Rape, physical abuse, and sexual abuse all make fine charges for this instance."
"Yes, but no. What about a forest scene? Maybe a river with deer drinking from it, and a bunch of trees. Or perhaps a meadow of flowers?"
"I'm not blackmailing you," Dimmock argues. "I'm simply speculating on a possible course of action that is very likely to occur in the future."
John smirks a bit. "That's not what the emotions I felt when you first woke up in the hospital said, and that's certainly not what I'm feeling from you now."
"Oh, poor Mikey! I hope he feels better soon. Should I prepare him some chicken noodle soup? He used to love that when he was a boy."
"What?! It's been a long day, I've been fighting with the Chinese-pretend I didn't just say that- what could you possibly need from me at one in the morning?" Mycroft looks like a wreck, and John feels bad for him. He has bags under his eyes, his hair is mussed, and it looked like he had been roused from bed-or possibly not gotten there yet.
"Yes, to the hospital, and no, they won't tie you up. I won't let them. Can you trust me with that?"
Once I arrive at our old campsite I realize how much pain I'm in physically. My leg and ribs are screaming for me to stop running, shaking enough that I finally collapse into a pile of snow. With a lot of effort I drag myself out of the snow and inside of a hollowed out log. As I do it starts to snow, and I don't have my jacket. I just lay there and shiver and cry. This is my retribution, this is what I deserve for hurting those I love.
"Later. In the time since we called, Sherlock's Omega took a flying leap out a window and broke his leg."
“We will also prepare John to go back to London. It will be for the best for you to be surrounded by family and other loved ones during this time, so we will send you back as soon as John is medically cleared. I do not want to deceive you, your mate has a long and arduous recovery ahead of him. He will need months of physical therapy in order to return his shoulder to normal capacity. There is a possibility that he will never recover the same range of motion in that shoulder as what he had before. But he should have use of the arm, and he is alive.”
Greg laughs. "Definitely. Even if Mycroft hadn't been my Alpha, I still found him very handsome." Something about John's face inspires Greg to ask, "Are you gay, John?" gently.
They spend a lot of time together that night, and even once the sex is done they cuddle into each other's arms, whispering to each other their declarations of love and reaffirming their bond. It is nothing like Sherlock ever thought he would have, a mate with children on the way, and he is struck with how wonderful his Alpha is for him. It astounds him now to think that there was ever a point in his life where he thought that he wouldn't want this, wouldn't want John or the future they're sharing.
Lestrade angrily rakes his fingers through his hair, then turns to Sherlock who is gaping at him. “What?”
Mycroft turns and walks out, ignore Greg. I turn to look at Greg then. He looks heartbroken, like a kicked puppy. "I- He just left me." Greg tells me.
He carries me into the bedroom and sets me lovingly on the bed. "Last chance to back out," he warns me.
"She's nothing," Sherlock replies, shoving John back a moment so John can see his face. "There is only you, John."
Angelo pulls off John's shirt, and we all three gasp. Scars and ugly yellow bruises litter John's skin. The story of abuse is clearly written in his skin. I hear a low growl and look beside me. Sherlock's lips are pulled back into a snarl and his eyes are wild.
Sherlock nods, face serious. "I'll work on that," he says, and I know he will. My baby brother will try to take care of John to the best of his ability.
As we work together I begin to notice something a bit frightening- I'm noticing more and more good qualities about my soulmate. The way he helps me learn, the friendly way we laugh together, all spells disaster. I like the way his hair falls, and the color of his eyes. I think he's brilliant, and I think I'm falling for him, but I also don't think I'm gay. His mouth and those perfect Cupid bow lips look like I should kiss them, his hair is the perfect length to wind around my fingers, and I'm still not gay.
"I could deport you, and probably should," is Mycroft's answer, "but I won't. I appreciate your courage. It's refreshing." He nods once decisively, turns smartly on his heel, and prances off.
I blink, opening my eyes to a strange room. "Where am I?" I was with Jim, Mike, and Molly outside. We ran away because my father abused me, and had been on our own for 3 months.
"Not yet," John replies. He moves to the window, giving an experimental tug. It opens easily, making John smile. He leans out the window, then gulps. 'Don't think, just do it.' He pushes himself onto the windowsill, balancing precariously. He takes a deep breath and launches himself off the sill. For just a second, he is flying weightless, then the ground rushes up to meet him with unforgiving strength. There is an audible snap, and John is howling- way too loud, he knows the Alphas heard, and Jim is screaming in his ear, scared, but he can't stop screaming to reassure his friend.
Sally notices him struggling and runs over to help, since Lestrade's back is turned and he's barking more orders. Between Sally and John, they manage to get Sherlock over to an ambulance, which he practically collapses into without complaint, though he waves the paramedics away as they try to buzz around him.
We are silent together for a while. A few hours have passed before Sherlock blurts "Aha!" and runs from the room.
Sherlock goes upstairs, carrying the food. To his utmost delight, Mycroft is sitting up and his eyes are open. "Mycroft! You're awake!"
"Don't want an Alpha, don't wanna be hurt," John slurs through the pain. "Just wanted to go back to safety. With my friends." His head falls back limply.
I'm nervous the whole ride home, thinking about what's next. I need to apologize to Sherlock for pushing him away. I'm lost in thought again, fretting over how Sherlock will respond, not realizing I'm tapping my leg incessantly until Mycroft's hand lands on my knee. I jump.
"Excuse me, have you seen my Omega? He's a patient here and was on that elevator, I believe," interrupts John.
John and Sherlock share a quick glance. "That story hasn't been on the news yet, how did you know about that?" John asks, sitting next to her on the couch.
After a few minutes, John sets off in pursuit of Mycroft. "I think he'd be on the widow's peak," Sherlock told John. "I'll climb up and get him."
Inside the room, Sherlock sneers for a moment as Irene's frantic gaze darts toward the mirror. "Thank you. Upon hearing a smoke alarm, a mother would look toward her child. Amazing how fire reveals our priorities." He crosses over to the mirror and fiddles with the mantel of the fireplace directly beneath it. In a moment, the mirror slides up to reveal a safe behind it. "Really hope you don't have a baby in here," he tells Irene dryly. "Alright, John, you can turn it off now!" A pause as the fire alarm continues. "I said you can turn it off now!"
Sherlock screams. The sound is completely inhuman, Sebastian thinks to himself. Then he finds a gun. Where it even came from, Sebastian isn’t sure, but the first person to go down is the man who shot John. A sickly sweet aroma permeates the air, and Sebastian realizes right along with everyone else that Sherlock is going into heat. Renewed fighting occurs as the Alphas struggle to reach Sherlock, but the boy is no stereotypical weak whimpering Omega begging for an Alpha knot. He hefts the gun and shoots anyone that approaches with malicious intent.
John nods, suddenly feeling exhausted. If Moriarty is on the loose, he will bide his time, then strike again. They are not safe; they may never be safe again.
Mycroft told us Greg was demanding that we come over at least once a week for a meal. Then Greg smacked Mycroft, and as it turned out, it was actually Mycroft that wanted us back for meals.
John isn’t sure how to respond to that, so he doesn’t even try. Rather, he pops two pain pills in his mouth, swallows them dry, and follows Sherlock down to the taxi.
John slaps some bandages on the worst of Jim's cuts, and then the two boys slip back outside. Mike and Molly are there now, much to John's relief. "Everybody pack what they needed to?" Jim asks, slipping into the role of leader once more. At everyone's nod, he orders "Let's go!"
"Yes, Sherlock?" John is in the kitchen washing dishes, but they will keep until another time and Sherlock wants to have this discussion right now.
The next day, Sherlock begins domestic work, ie. cooking. He tells John that he is bound and determined to make an edible food dish to take to his brother's house that evening. However, he will not accept John's input on the matter at all, so John spends most of the day in the library as Sherlock looks through cookbook after cookbook in an attempt to find a dish he thinks he can make. Finally, Sherlock has decided on a banoffee pie, which John is pretty sure he decided on only because it's Sherlock's favorite, and a yellow cake, because Sherlock knows his brother loves cake.
"Right. Well, we're going to have to acknowledge biology, so we are going to Afghanistan. Together."
"I thought that-well, it's complicated. I freaked out over the fact that I might be gay. And I'd never kissed anybody before, so I asked Greg to kiss me, so I had experience. But kissing him wasn't nice, and now I think I might be asexual."
When I look up again, it almost seems as though Sherlock and his experimental table have moved closer. Huh, that's weird. I'm going nuts, I would've noticed him moving the table for sure.
"Wake up, Mr. Holmes," the woman calls, crossing over and slapping John's cheeks. He slowly opens his eyes and groans, pretending he was just snapped out of his rest by this woman.
After detailing every word of our conversation, and being reassured that this is, in fact, normal, Greg and I begin to talk of other things. "Greg, you're gay," I start.
"Sherlock, can you help me? Mycroft, back up a bit." I'm already on my feet before the words are out of his mouth. Looking at John, my own instincts are screaming at me to protect. I can only imagine how much worse it is for Sherlock, whose instincts are shouting at him to protect John from the world.
It's silent for a bit, at least until Sherlock decides he can't see whatever it is that he needs to see through his own microscopes and drags John down to the labs at Saint Bart's.
“Donovan!” Lestrade barks, his voice full of anger. The woman falls quiet instantly. “Okay, John, let’s get you into a taxi. What’s your address?”
“Fine. I’ll start?” At Sherlock’s nod, he says, “Okay, first question: What’s your favorite color and why?”
“Sherlock, I’m still not upset. Listen to me: I don’t expect you to suddenly know how to deal with a mate. That would be utterly ridiculous. Inevitably, something like this was bound to happen. We’re not used to each other, we haven’t taken the time to get to know each other outside of the fact that we’re bonded-though your game surely helped,” he added when he noticed Sherlock was about to protest, “but the fact of the matter is that we are bonded with next to no knowledge about each other, so of course you’re going to forget you’re bonded in the heat of the moment, with adrenaline pumping and a killer on the loose. We don’t have the relationship to make you remember me. You’ve lived a long time without having to take someone along, I can’t, and I don’t, expect you to suddenly remember to take me everywhere with you. That’s completely unrealistic.”
"Surely even you can see the paint flecks and obvious marks in the soil from a ladder right here," Sherlock argues, indicating a tiny dent in the dirt next to the dead body. "Evidently this person was killed by their brother, as you can tell from the lack of bruises, which indicates caring, and thus if the brother has a green ladder you should arrest the brother."
One day he comes home with a brain that we dissect together. We label the parts then viciously demolish the lobe responsible for PTSD. Since that moment, I had the brain memorized.
Before I can change my mind, I've identified the third ventricle-thank you textbook- and I'm pushing the pin in. I add my handwriting neatly underneath Sherlock's own sloppy notation- green pin: third ventricle.
“Home,” Lestrade repeats with a bitter laugh. “I can’t go home, Sally. Sherlock was right.” He swings his office door shut, and Sally watches him curl up on his couch, inexplicable pity welling up inside of her as she realizes how broken, how shattered, her boss looks. Knowing there is nothing she can do for him-or perhaps, nothing he would allow her to do would be more accurate-she heads for home herself, resolving to wake up earlier in the morning so she can at least bring him a good cup of coffee and a pastry.
John laughs, and the group sits in silence for a while, with no sound except the ferocious scratching of Jim's pencil. When the bell rings, they pull each other up and walk to class. Finally, at the end of day, Jim hands John a sheet of paper.
Mycroft gets him a computer, which Jim powers on with a soft "Sweet!" This is the last I hear out of him for the next three hours.
Sherlock, oblivious, begins. "John Hamish Watson, from the moment I met you I was intrigued by you. You walked into the lab with Mike and I knew you weren't like the others. I never told you, but I winked at you that day because I found you attractive. Then you killed that man for me, and my heart flew. And then when you were flirting with me I panicked and told you I was married to my work. Then Moriarty strapped a bomb to you. Words cannot describe my fear in that moment. I was so scared I would lose you. Since that moment, I've been trying to find the words to tell you that I loved you. And finally, several years later, I found the words. I love you John, and I want to spend the rest of my days with you. Mycroft was wrong, caring is an advantage, at least when it comes to you. Will you marry me, John?"
"Mycroft?" Greg's voice is full of shock, and it makes me turn to the door. Mycroft stands there looking like he's going to be ill. "Mycroft, I-"
John takes the bottle and instantly realizes it's from a different country. "Mycroft, where are these from?"
Mycroft goes beet-red, which is fascinating to John, though he doesn't know why Mycroft is embarrassed.
"Y'know, I'm starting to think you all are having me on," Lestrade says. "Mycroft doesn't really exist, does he? The scary Big Brother isn't actually real. You made him up, and Dimmock and Sally and Anderson all just go along with it to see how long I'll believe he's real. You had me going there for a while, I'll admit. Good one."
"Right," Sherlock said. "John, protect Soo Lin. I'll be back." He sprints off in the direction of the gunfire, despite John frantically hissing orders to stay put behind him where he's safe.
Sherlock smiles triumphantly. "So they are in this room. Thank you. John, didn't you want to return that bowl, or were you planning to hold it in your hands forever?"
"Hi, Big Brother. Listen, you may want to come down here. Your brother has bloody chucked someone out of a window, multiple times."
After a few minutes, he realizes Sherlock has fallen asleep and is snoring softly. He massages Sherlock's fingers until they relax and release the card he is holding. It's the one for Sebastian, because Sebastian's name is written on the front. The card is red, and folded so it opens vertically. John flips it open. One one side, within the red, Sherlock has written, "Merry Christmas! Love John and Sherlock" It's got a picture of them beneath it, framed in light green. The picture itself is one John doesn't remember posing for, and doesn't even remember seeing before. Possibly Mycroft had gotten it off CCTV? Either way, he and Sherlock look madly in love. The next page is the ultrasound of the twins, framed with yellow, with Sherlock's cursive announcing "Surprise! Our Christmas present" and down by each child he has labeled "Baby Girl Holmes" and "Baby Boy Holmes". In pink by their little girl is a thought bubble asking "Will you be my godfather?" John smiles at it, leaning down to brush a kiss against Sherlock's curls. He sets the card down carefully on the side table and ends up falling asleep for a bit himself.
Jim and I start to drift apart. "I'm still here for you," he tells me in a rare heart-to-heart between the two of us. "I'm just a bit jealous."
Sherlock finds a young graffiti artist alone the street, and the boy leads them toward a skate park-at least, that's what John thinks it is.
Once they disembark, John is tackled by an over-exuberant Sebastian. "You're back! You didn't even call or text, you jerk!" He catches sight of Sherlock, releasing John and tackling Sherlock with the energy level of a golden retriever. "Hey! It's the brilliant, sassy Omega kid!"
A second later it does, though thankfully it's not intended for Sherlock. "Here's a list of my demands for protection and my security," she tells Mycroft, holding out an envelope to him. Mycroft reaches forward to take it, then pulls back again. He settles himself into one of the plane seats-the only empty one- and begins to read. His eyebrow steadily climbs higher and higher as he does.
"If it was that easy, you could do it yourself. You could have someone steal that phone from her, I know you could, so why won't you? What aren't you telling us?"
That makes John laugh. "Honey, you can't even last a week in our flat without leaving for a case or because you're bored. You can't stay in here for the rest of your life."
The man leaps up and grabs for the gun, but John lunges and snaps at his arm, driving the man back, cradling his arm and howling.
No response. Well, that's to be expected. I take a quick sniff of the air. Mycroft is definitely in there, just ignoring me. Okay, take two.
"What? Really? Okay, that's gonna be the first thing you'll learn. I'll teach you how to shoot a gun second. Anyway, here we are, just throw your stuff wherever. Find a room and claim it."
The conversation tells them of a case to solve regarding the sneakers, and that in twelve short hours a bomb will go off if the case is not solved. Sherlock hangs up, looking a bit troubled. He grabs the sneakers up off the floor and carries them upstairs to his flat, where he instantly begins twisting the shoes this way and that looking for evidence.Greg and John watch him for a bit, then when they realize there's no use in trying to engage him, they set up a date to go to the pub and Greg leaves after wringing a promise from John to keep him updated.
John paces away, pulling out his phone and dialing. After a couple minutes of soft conversation, he comes back. "Great news!" he reports, "Dr. Sawyer says that you should be fine. The muscle cramps, fatigue, and confusion are expected from a dose that large. We're going to need to wake you up every hour to see if you're more confused, Mycroft."
John leads Sherlock into the bathroom, sitting him on top of the toilet. "Right then. I'll grab you some clothes. They definitely won't fit, but I'm not letting you parade around naked while you're waiting for your clothes to dry."
Dinner is a tense affair. Mycroft doesn't unlock himself from his office, and Greg is too distraught to eat. After a few minutes he excuses himself, tears pouring down his cheeks. I'm barely eating either, the guilt is a swelling knot in my stomach that leaves no place for food. Jim, Mike, and Molly are trying desperately to figure out what happened, and Sherlock's staring at me like he's hoping to figure out the truth based on my face alone. Can he tell I kissed Greg? Does he care?
"We have no food," he reports after a cursory check in the refrigerator. "Sherlock, what will you eat?"
"Yes, I am aware," Mycroft replies. He climbs into his car and tells the driver to set off for Baker Street. "ETA 10 minutes," Mycroft reports. "Don't worry, I'm not wearing my scent blockers. I was working from home in anticipation of this call."
Sherlock emails and they all hear the chime of a notification over the video. Mycroft clicks a pen and begins writing the numbers onto a pad of paper.
John swings the door open and realizes that they do indeed have visitors-several members of Scotland Yard are poking around their flat. “What is this?” John demands, Alpha challenging the others.
"I need the phone." She holds out her hand demandingly for the phone. After a moment's pause, Sherlock places the phone into her hand. She swiftly enters the passcode, then frowns at them both. "It's not working."
They duck off into an alcove, John pressed close enough to Soo Lin to feel her heart hammering like a hummingbird in her chest. John strains his ears to hear, and they both stare at each other in horror as the gunshots continue to ring out. John hears Sherlock cry out and silence descends on the museum. John's whole body feels cold.
"Sherlock, the scars on your body are suggestive of abuse. We banned Mycroft from the hospital in order to protect you. We want to keep you safe."
Sherlock yanks his hand away from John, scrubbing at his eyes which are rapidly filling with tears. "Stupid hormones," he proclaims, and they both laugh.
The woman chuckles. "Brilliant Omega like you, and you expect us to believe you haven't found it yet? We are not fools!"
"Not selfish," his brother reassures, "you can ask for both. I am always here for you, even if we're not living together."
"It's your brother. Can you send Anthea or someone, I need to take him to an obstetrician, he was drugged with an unknown substance."
Sherlock flags another taxi and takes them to get copies of the ultrasound picture. "We'll need a lot," he tells John. "At least eleven."
Sherlock has been feeling depressed ever since they left Afghanistan. Thinking about John only seems to make it worse, he notes dully.
"The pregnancy test came back positive. That's where I was today. I went to France to get one, because I didn't want Mycroft to find out, and I was going to take you but then I wasn't sure and didn't want to get your hopes up, and it was easier to just go when you were sleeping so I just left. I'm sorry if that bothers you."
"Right here," John soothes, slipping his hand into Sherlock's. "It's okay, they're doing an ultrasound to check on the baby because Irene Adler drugged you."
As he works, I watch him. He moves with a surprising amount of grace and can make even this look beautiful. I watch him for a while until he glances up at me. "What?" My face goes red, but I can't figure why.
Sherlock quickly picks the lock of the front door, then steps to the side and enters a code into an alarm box. ‘Alarms disabled,’ is the readout, and Sherlock smirks. “I keep telling him to get a dog, they’re much harder to quiet.” He grows serious abruptly. “But after Redbeard, he won’t.”
“We’re under attack. C’mon, kid, let’s go.” Sebastian calmly walks to the door, hand on Sherlock. Cautiously, he opens the door and peeps out. “Keep close.” They dart out into the shadows, moving swiftly but surely through the night.
He hustles outside and begins pulling weeds with a vengeance. He hates Harry for provoking his father, hates his father for hitting him.
This is what encourages him to tell John, "Downstairs. Take her downstairs and look after her." John pulls Sherlock into a toe-curling kiss, then demands, "You going to tell me what's going on?" as Mrs. Hudson goes down the stairs. "I expect so, now go," Sherlock mock-scolds. John clumps downstairs without further complaint.
Sherlock tries to manipulate his body to have a strop, but he can't twist. "I hate you," he tells John viciously.
"Woah, Mycroft. No killing my mate, and no to deporting or arresting him, either. What are you on about?"
"I said no. Very close, but no." He moves toward her. "When we first met, you told me a disguise was a self-portrait. How true you were. The combination of the safe was your measurements, but this, this is far more intimate." He takes the phone from her hand, and she releases it without a fight. "This is your heart."
John's eyes keep returning to Jim's response throughout the lesson. The idea burns in his head, a leaping little ember of hope. As soon as they are released for lunch, he latches onto Jim's arm and tugs him away from their classmates, down the hall a bit and into the stairwell. They climb under there and seat themselves comfortably. Molly and Mike sit next to them, forming a circle of John's closest friends.
I leave the two of them at it and go upstairs again. I find Mike and Molly in Molly's room, bent over math homework.
Heaving a put-upon sigh as Sherlock continues calling him, John morphs into a wolf to be certain he can't open the door. He's determined to do his best by Sherlock, since his Alpha side has declared this boy is his mate. The Alpha demands to sink it's teeth into the small Omega. 'He said no," John reminds himself. 'Besides, right now he needs the friendly doctor, not the roaring Alpha.'
“I couldn’t remember if I actually knew how to cook spaghetti, so I was looking in my Mind Palace for the directions. I just forgot I had the oven turned on and water boiling. There was no need to call the fire department, it’s just a slight bit of smoke.”
Sherlock calls Detective Inspector Dimmock, who shows up almost immediately. "What," he demands furiously, "were you two thinking?! You broke into a museum, confronted a witness, and got that same witness killed! At best, I should arrest you for breaking and entering, at worst, you should be arrested for killing someone!"
She tightens Sherlock's coat around herself. "I had to get my phone back somehow. He really is very clever. Don't worry, he'll be alright, he'll just sleep it off for a while." Thus saying, she rolls out the window.
I remember my friend's sadness my first day here that Mycroft wouldn't let them share a room and I'm excited for him. "That's wonderful, Greg!"
The next time Sherlock wakes up, he wisely takes in his surroundings as much as he can before opening his eyes. Someone else is in the room, based on the breathing he can hear. Somebody had removed the annoying nose tube, but the IV was still in. He was tied down, though, which did not make him happy.
"No," he pouts in response. I don't want to call him out on it though, for fear of what he will say.
We make an odd group traveling up the stairs. With plenty of help I'm able to get upstairs, though I'm pale by the time I get there. Greg helps me sit on the bed, propping pillows so I'm comfortable.
"Yes, so please accept that I do know what I'm talking about and let me care for you. You're weak, like it or not, and I don't want you getting hurt."
Irene grins. "I like detective stories." Her gaze slides back to Sherlock. "And detectives. Brainy is the new sexy, you know," she says to John, smirking at him like he's a co-conspirator.
"One minute," Jim snaps peevishly. The door clicks and he comes out dressed in only a pair of boxers. Coupled with the fresh bond bite on his neck, it doesn't take a genius to figure out what he's doing in his room with the door locked.
"Not today," John says ruefully. "I should be done in the kitchen soon, but I need to get that cleaned." After fifteen minutes, the kitchen is clean and John sets off in search of his mate. "Hey there, what are you doing?" he questions, seeing Sherlock, sitting on the side of the tub wrapped in a robe with a gloomy expression on his face. He sits next to Sherlock on the ledge, ignoring the fact that it's wet.
Lestrade nods and vacates the premises. His friends are fine and so are the twins, that's all that matters. He will let Big Brother deal with the aftermath of this, because it is very likely Sherlock could end up in jail.
Whatever she's prattling on about seems to have struck something deep within Mycroft, his face slowly drains of color. Sherlock's eyes are darting wildly, and John's hands clench and unclench menacingly. He has never struck a lady before, but for her, he is about to make an exception.
A couple bangs pull him from his reverie about an hour later. He goes downstairs to find John is making tea, completely undressed.
Nobody says anything for a bit, and I'm not sure if it's shock or pity that keeps them quiet. "So now you know," I tell Sherlock. "Not only am I broken, I'm also not strong enough to protect the people I love. And the thing is, everything he's ever said I believed. 'Stupid, worthless, useless, lazy, good-for-nothing, c**t, b****h.' I believed every single word."
The cry of sirens breaks the air, and Lestrade and his team run up. Sherlock stares at him, mystified. "Ask and you shall receive?" he jokes. John smiles in response.
Sherlock wakes from his couch with the feeling that something is out of place in his nest. There is a presence that is not welcome. Cautiously-he has to be, now that it's not just his life on the line- he palms the knife from the mantel and begins the pain-staking process of checking his nest. John is upstairs, he knows that through the bond. He moves back to check in the twins' bedroom and flings the door open. A startled gasp escapes his lips. Irene Adler is lying on the floor! Last thing Sherlock knew she was dead, and now she is here asleep in his flat. He doesn't like it, and his lips pull back in a snarl at the sleeping woman.
After about a half hour of silence, he walks to Tesco's and picks up some groceries for them. A sense of alarm has him sprinting back toward the flat, and he charges up the stairs like an angry bull. Sherlock is sitting at the table still, looking terrified.
"You didn't take your suppressants?" John gasps, fine tremors wracking his body as he attempts to hold himself in check. "Why?"
"Fine. John protected me. He was calm, but he heard you guys coming and," he gestures helplessly to the anxious wolf pacing in front of him, "this happened."
"Don't snivel, Mrs. Hudson," he is honestly proud of how strong his voice comes out as he speaks. There is no sign of the fear nor the rage that boils inside of him. "It'll do nothing to impede the flight of a bullet. What a tender world that would be."
"The generic birthday one, which it's not. I didn't think it was, but sometimes it truly is the most obvious solutions that turn out to be right."
"He's lucky he has you to care," Sherlock says kindly. "He allows so few people to be close to him."
The stranger snarls at him, twisting his arm so Dimmock's grip is broken, then he plunges into the tunnels. Dimmock follows him angrily.
"No, this is you drugged by your own hormones. Which means your consent isn't valid because you're being drugged by your hormones," argues John. Sherlock tries to jump him again, but John scoops his legs out from underneath him and carries him. Sherlock begins to fight him, kicking and squirming.
"So I'm not a sociopath, I'm just different." Sherlock laughs. "I'll have to remember that to tell Anderson the next time." The mates stand in silence for a moment. "I'm going to take a shower," Sherlock announces, pulling away from John. "Join me?"
John clears his throat. “Feel better now that you got all that off your chest?” he questions as Sherlock turns to leave.
"Thank you," Mycroft replies, grabbing his laptop. He navigates effortlessly to the CCTV cameras, bringing up the one in front of 221B since that is the most logical place where Gregory would be. Snow has started to fall, drifting large fat flakes into the man's silver hair. He looks ethereal, like a Christmas angel come to Earth. "To you as well," he tells the man generously, allowing some of the Christmas cheer to overtake him.
John does a listless half-shrug. Everything hurts, and he just wants food and to lay back down in his bed. “I don’t know. We just moved. I’m drugged on pain pills, ya know?”
"Mummy called. Father died. It was a hunting accident. Ironic, all the times I wished him dead, now he's dead, and I can't properly enjoy it because Mummy is traumatized. The gun went off in the living room as he was cleaning it, so Mummy witnessed the whole thing." He sighs. "I should cancel my meeting. I'm going to do that now. Come along, Sherlock, John."
This chapter is very john centric because I find him far easier to write. but next chapter should have a bit more equality of the four characters in it. it's also gonna be a wild ride so buckle in
Mycroft somehow made coming up the ladder somewhat intimidating, the three-piece-suit overshadowing John’s wrinkled plaid shirt and oversized jumper.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, allowing silence, save for the bustling of trolleys and chatter from other visitors, to engulf the room.
Sherlock looked at him, his features were soft, but his eyes were cold, and John knew he was upset about it, yet he felt better now he’d said it aloud. “Fantastic, I hate her even more now. How do you even stand to be in the same building as her? If I were you and I knew she was walking around the same halls as me I wouldn’t be able to handle it.”
He had a kitchen table, and chairs for the kitchen table, but the living  room was barren save for an armchair and his bedroom consisted of a bed and a wardrobe.
Sherlock didn’t know how it happened. All John told him was that he fell, and used his arm for support until it cracked beneath him. That was an obvious lie, but Sherlock didn’t press it.
Professor Flitwick unlocked the door for him, and he pushed his way into the room, taking in the scene that was playing out before him.
Greg rolled his eyes, dropped his broom and grabbed Mycroft by the lapels, pulling him down and pressing their lips together. Mycroft had expected it, but the feeling of it was a shock enough for him to drop his umbrella. His hand found the side of Greg’s face and the other his lower back, pulling him in closer deepening the kiss and inviting more ferocity into it. Greg led, and for once Mycroft followed, allowing himself to be directed. It was warm, comforting, Mycroft's heart was racing, this time he understood it and the feeling in the pit of his stomach was enjoyable.
to walk through that door with an attractive army doctor invalided home. An army doctor called John, no less.
She squealed when she saw Sherlock standing outside the café, underneath the awning, and ran to hug him. He stumbled back a bit on impact, his hand finding her head, the hug a bit awkward. Considering Rosie’s head just about reached his stomach. “Mr Holmes! We’re here for lunch!” She told him, practically vibrating with excitement where she stood, John caught up to him behind her and offered the taller man a nod and a smile, which to his surprise was politely returned.
One goal an hour in, he let out a grumble of frustration at that one swearing at himself in his head, but that one was the end of it as the game ended moments later. It was one of the shortest ones he’d played, the new chaser for the Hufflepuff team wasn’t as good as theirs, and pretty soon he was landing for touch down, to celebrate with his team.
“’Ello gentlemen.” The engineer was a stout but built man about John’s height if not shorter, he had dark hair mussed under a flat-cap. “What’s the matter? You look like you’ve seen a ghost. We made sure to get the ghosts off the train this year I promise.” He offered them a gleeful chuckle and John forced a smile.
“I am.” Sherlock smirked, typing his searches into google, a minor thing by any stretch of the imagination but if he was correct in his suspicion, it could be vital for one of the case files he’d stolen from Lestrade.
Ravenclaw had played fiercely, though they didn’t stand a chance in the end, everyone knew, nobody dared say, but the Gryffindor team simply had the best players. The red team simply went as hard as they could, which was hard enough to break through tactics and coerced technique rehearsed over months. The match drew out for almost five hours, people were tiring, leaving, falling asleep in the warm weather. Mycroft was beginning to realise why muggle sports kept a time limit, as he sat in the shade of one of his umbrellas so not to burn, watching the match intently with his fist propped on his hand. Quidditch was far more exciting than he’d originally given it credit for, if he wasn’t focusing on Greg, he was focusing on the beaters and the bludgers, or the chaser, or the keeper, maybe even three of them at once given the circumstances.
A few people in his year tried to talk to him, but he didn’t pay them much attention, instead choosing to pull his knees to his chest and study those around him.
Confusion and embarrassment flashed across Greg’s features before a forced smile followed them. “Okay…” He replied, and Mycroft felt him watching him as he walked away briskly.
Sherlock laid beside him, his arm wrapped around John’s waist, and his head resting in the crook of Johns neck. His breath against John’s neck was strangely comforting, and his arm was grounding. John didn’t quite understand what on earth was happening, but as his breath left him he felt like his body wasn’t his own, he was floating above it somehow.
“Why’d you leave then?” He avoided Johns question, he didn’t know why he was so persistent on the matter, he’d figure that out later when he was sifting through his mind palace.
"Oh, yes, right. I'm bored." Sherlock went to put his hand on John's arm, it took him a split second to realise that would be a gesture, far out of his norm, and instead went to push his hair behind his ear. He cursed himself for being rash, as John gave him a confused glance. "I did my time, got my congratulations-"
Only when he was firmly sure Rosie was safe throwing small handfuls of corn to wandering ducks and was nowhere near enough to fall in the water of the nearby pond, did John check his phone.
why he dated her. She fucking took two years of his life from him, just to make him love her!” The frustration rose in his voice, the more he talked about it. The anger was now uncorked and flowing through his words
, Mycroft.” With a proper posture that could have been genuinely threatening to the elder, Mycroft guessed that Sherlock had taught him well.
Sherlock coughed something that sounded suspiciously like “Liar.” Before taking a drink of water. “Sorry, dry throat.” He excused it as, and John kicked him under the table, noticing him try to stifle a grin.
There’d been a buzzing feeling throughout the school, as if the entire castle were vibrating with excitement about the nights activities, it was always like this, and Mycroft had never understood it. He’d ruled it out before as him simply not being the age of which it was relevant. But this leavers party was for him, he was
John shook his head quickly. Sarah didn’t deserve that, just because he didn’t want to admit he wasn’t okay, shouldn’t cost her position on the team. “No! Its not her, honest, I just-“ This was Greg. Greg was his friend, as strange as that was, the seventh year had never looked down on him. “I can’t fucking sleep, I can’t shut my head off…”
It was surprisingly John who had suggested a round of cards, they hadn't played in a while, and he’d learned a new game from Harry and her mates over Christmas break.
She was dressed up, makeup done, hair curled boots on, clearly prepared for a date with her latest. Sherlock didn’t really like how much she flitted from boy to boy, but he supposed he didn’t know what it was like. He’d spent his teenage-hood being the youngest in university. It wasn’t really up to him anyway, she was very independent these days, needless to say he was very proud of her.
Sherlock was odd in a lot of ways. He was smart too. And he didn’t look down on John like everyone else did. He’d been doing better in potions since Sherlock became his practicals partner, the younger boy never made John cast anything if needed, but always let him do the ingredients. Even Snape seemed to lay off him a bit.
“Afghanistan- Sorry, how do you know I was in Afghanistan?” John replied, his hands closing around the hot mug of tea, grounding him.
He bit his lip and made an attempt to change the subject. “Are you going to visit this summer? I think mother will combust if she doesn’t get to meet you for the second year in a row.”
Sherlock glanced at John’s mostly empty plate, and sighed, John was a fast ester when he was nervous. Figuring that John would not be coming back until Sherlock dragged him back at dessert, he pushed himself up. “Well, I must be off too then. I promised I’d show him my violin and it needs tuned. Dinner was lovely.”
“That’s the right answer. Of course, he doesn’t know, none of you know. I know, obviously, but that’s not important. A surd is the square route of a number that isn’t square. Useless things, the only useless thing in this maths class.”
He didn’t regret it though, Greg could’ve seriously hurt himself had John not grabbed him. He was lucky the snitch was above the nets in the first place.
He couldn’t ignore the slight raise of an eyebrow they got from McGonagall as they passed her in the corridor.
“Aren’t you going to be annoyed if we win tomorrow?” John asked, after again, a considerable amount of silence.
Mycroft pretty much lived with Greg at this point. Both of them knew it, and both of them knew they needed to have a talk about where they were going as a relationship. In Greg’s mind he was sure that Mycroft stayed over to spend time with him whilst still being diligent at work six days a week. He was moving steadily in the ministry, just as Greg was in his police job, now doing field work.
But Mr Holmes seemed like the type of man who would nod at him like he was mad and promptly walk away. So, he avoided that scenario by keeping his distance, and offering a curt nod in the rare event when their eyes met.
Sherlock moaned breathily, leaning against the door, his head thrown back as his hand rested on John's head, as he bobbed his head, picking up speed. "God,
“Yes, I am unfortunate enough to call him brother. Is that all?” Sherlock replied, unamused at this point and keen to get back to reading.
Anthea gave a soft hum, the buttons of her blackberry clicking in the otherwise silent room, the screen casting a whiter light onto her face than the candle. “Theories then?”
“Ballocks. Your eyes look like two piss-holes in the snow, what other explanation is there?” He sat back before a look of realisation came over his face. “Unless it’s because of Sarah, you aren’t going soft, are you Watson? You’re a better player than she is, I
Then June came around as daunting as ever, with exams and stress and panic. It didn’t help that this was the particular time England decided to have a heatwave.
“You know it, babe.” He smirked, almost enjoying the disgust that most certainly appeared in John’s mind, if not on his face. “Okay, down to business, tell Sherlock I want to talk to him.”
Harry to get me that binder. You know more than anyone, hell, Sherlock, I’ve let you fuck me, but I never…
"Do you want to fuck me? Or will I blow you?" John smirked, seizing control, and surprisingly Sherlock didn't protest. He ran his hands over Sherlock's back, down over his ass, as he tried to steady himself.
His door opening was expected, what was said, however, was quite different to what he’d anticipated.
Sherlock knew that was a lie, John had been with him on a date and he caught sight of an absolute sleazy bastard trying to drug a girl at the bar. Sherlock wanted to resist it, but John caught it as well, so they made a ruckus and began the chase when the reprobate tried to run.
“Don’t insult me, of course it’s not.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, not in a mean way, and John shook his head in response.
Opening the box, he looked stunned. The watch was stainless steel, black, and pristine. Gently, he lifted it, inspecting it almost. “It’s beautiful. How did you-“ He cut himself up, raising his head to look at John, frowning as he set the watch back in it’s box. “You spent your work money on this, that’s why you haven’t been eating, you absolute tit!” Sherlock spoke, his voice rising, but John knew he wasn’t actually angry. More so frustrated.
John groaned pressing his face against Sherlocks chest again, as if the mention of it somehow made it hurt more.
Nobody else was up, it was late, and he was trying desperately to get better, despite the shakiness in his hands from the cold of the room. He had a written test for Charms in the morning, and Flitwick, despite his cheery nature, was starting to get sick of him tearing through his paper with the pen nib.
By the time he reached the tower, Sherlock was in an awful state, Greg was waiting outside the door, with Professor Flitwick, both looked worried beyond belief and John swallowed nervously as the charms professor unlocked the door.
They’d been using Morse code to communicate little things for as long as Rosie had been able to talk. Usually short words or things that couldn’t necessarily be spoken through expressions. Other parents opted for the spelling-it-out technique, but considering Rosie was bright for her age, she’d begun learning to read.
Sherlock stiffed against him, his gaze fixed at a man loading boxes into a moving van. “It’s him, the suspect, he’s staring at me now. My cover, what do couples even do?”
Then again, he was the man that managed to persuade the DI of Scotland Yard to look into a case of child abuse.
John sighed, he glanced in the mirror for a moment to check he looked fine. He was short for a boy, tall for a girl, his hips were slim, and his face was gaunt. A plaid button up and a jumper was good enough to hide his chest, and the baggy trousers he wore left plenty of room for the imagination.
“Well then we have to go back for him. The train hasn’t left yet, neither have the teachers. Flitwick is bound to be on there somewhere, he’s Sherlock’s head of house, right?” Mycroft looked at Greg like he could kiss him, and the trio made their way back onto the train, rushing through the strangely empty corridors of the carriages to the engine, if they could get to the engineer maybe they could get him to go back.
It surprised him that Sherlock had made the effort to keep him company. He didn’t even object to John holding his hand when they put his shoulder back in place.
John was careful in bringing Greg down do the ground, once they were safe they celebrated with the manly bro-hug that always seemed to be given in public spaces, and Greg held up the snitch in his fist for everyone to see as his teammates touched down to celebrate with them.
"You smartass. I-I'm fuck-" He jolted forward, his face pressed against Sherlocks collar bone as he moaned into the taller man's porcelain skin. His moans were deep and guttural, they went straight to Sherlock's cock. "I'm so c-close." He spoke, softly enough that he thought Sherlock wouldn't hear it.
“No, its not.” Sherlock replied sternly. “The fact that you believe those things about yourself is not fine. I hit you exactly where I knew it would hurt and that was not fine either. Just because I can deduce those things doesn’t always mean I should. You are the wisest and the kindest and the bravest person I know. Your loyalty and your friendship is something I never should have risked losing. Like you said, we’re best friends. I'm sorry.” He glanced over to his friend, who was clearer now he was closer.
He knew he shouldn’t. He knew. But still with careful fingers he opened the envelope with the broken wax seal, and pulled out the letter within it, reading over it with a cautionary stare.
Finally, after enough deliberating and muttering to itself, the hat perked up again. “Oh, thank god- RAVENCLAW!” An applause went up from the blue table, and Mycroft too found himself clapping. Ravenclaw suited Sherlock, somehow more than the others, though Mycroft had little to no doubt that it was due to the colours over anything else.
This left his head at a convenient position. He went with his hand first, licking his fingers before stroking over John's clitoris, enlarged as a result of testosterone. He heard John gasp, and took it as a sign to continue. He pressed gentle kisses up Johns thigh, his hand still going at a steady pace, before his mouth took over.
“Not disgust, merely surprise.” He muttered to Greg, noticing him tense up, his grip on the prefect’s hand tightening. “She looked slightly pleased.” He added, with an air of confusion in his tone, the deduction was sure, but he couldn’t for the life of him work out why McGonagall of all people would be pleased by him and Greg holding hands.
Despite their utter disinterest in him, John had still sent a card to his dad and his sister wishing them happy holidays, and he was quite excited about his gift for Sherlock.
John ignored the comment, but Sherlock knew he heard it. “The creatures of the forest are generally quite understanding as long as you aren’t a prick.”
“I don’t listen to a lot of things you say, this is no different. I was watering your roses, the phrase you’re looking for is thank you.” He pointed to the watering can that was hovering over the roses of all different colours.
“No, we decided to tell all her friends, Mary said she does it to all of them, she was influencing them as well. She played sly with me, I might as well return the favour. She’ll probably confront me about it tomorrow, if not tonight.”
“Considering you’ve locked me in confinement, I’ll do what I want. There’s nobody to disturb other than myself.” Sherlock replied loud enough for them to hear, they slammed the slat shut before he could finish what he wanted to say, but he finished it anyway. “You can’t touch an innocent man.”
“John?” Sherlock spoke up, realising that if now was the time for apologies he may as well go the whole nine yards.
“But now I have this one. And I have you. So,   I'm not alone, and the next however many times I listen to somebody’s heart I’ll be able to hear something.” He wiped the tears away from his eyes. “Thanks Sherlock.”
Sherlock glared at him, knowing he be too slightless from his own rage that he wouldn’t see the tears in Sherlock’s eyes. "
“Sarah.” John bit his lip, unsure of if he wanted to tell Sherlock this part of himself. “You remember when Anderson beat you up?”
Mycroft held his breath. Greg knew what he was doing, Greg knew what he was doing, Greg knew what he was doing.
They wrote it down as paralysis, curable with the right remedy, they injected it into Greg’s arm and Mycroft had to sit and watch as the muscles tensed and relaxed over and over again, all throughout his body as it kicked in. That was the only time he let go of Greg's hand, because the Gryffindor was insistent on making a fist, and Mycroft preferred his hand unbroken. After that, Greg's hand still lay limp in the grasp of the head boy, as did the rest of his body. It was an eerily accurate portrayal of a dead body, and it made Mycroft incredibly uncomfortable. He, of course, knew death was inevitable; he wasn’t an idiot, far from it actually. But the thought of anybody he cared about (Greg,
“And secondly, in my defence, last year you didn’t go because you were throwing up slugs after angering Magnussen.”
." He moaned, and John could have cummed on the spot if he knew Sherlock could say his name like that. He looked up to see the taller man silencing himself with his hand.
The room was completely dishevelled, even his bed, tipped on its side, pages torn from books and ink splattered on the walls. Sherlock was hunched into himself, back against the wall, his face pressed into his knees, hands stained black and covering his ears.
“It helps me think I guess. When the commotion is below me, I can focus. I’m lucky I can see well.” He’d laughed when Mycroft had asked him. The prefect smiled fondly at the memory, eyes still on Greg as he gaged the match.
There was a moment of silence, Anthea stopped typing to look at Mycroft, and Mycroft had his hands clasped, staring at the flicker of the candle even when his vision began to blur.
“Oh, and John?” Mycroft added, turning back a moment. “I recommend you take this time to give Sherlock your gift, Father wishes to play you at billiards after dessert.”
“You’re stressing Myc. I can see it, you do this every time. You work yourself up to a level even I can’t achieve. It’s summer, you’ve been revising since god knows when this morning, these aren’t even your final NEWTs, they’re predictive grades, mate. Just lie back and enjoy the weather alright?” His eyes were comforting, warm and welcoming, and the sincerity of his tone was enough to break the elder Holmes.
John came down the stairs a few hours later, dressed properly and from the way he was walking Sherlock could tell he was uncomfortable having to use the sanitary product.
Greg called the bartender over and got John a drink, once he had begun to breathe steady and took a few sips, Greg broke the silence.
He noticed the ginger boy and offered him a sheepish grin. “Alright?” He called over to Mycroft who was staring at him in confusion.
Sure enough, when he lifted his head, and cracked his back, there he was. He was sitting in his chair, his laptop in front of him, with far too many of the letter h typed into his blog.
“Uhm, yeah, I supposed you knew that though. I know you don’t like Christmas, all that bollocks about materialism and corruptness. But we have different culture I guess, and I would’ve felt awful if I hadn’t.” John replied honestly, trying not to notice his face heating up as Sherlock’s green-glacier irises stabbed through his own. Realising Sherlock wasn’t going to respond, he pushed himself up, going for his bag and bringing out a messily wrapped box, with a Tesco bought premade bow stuck on top.
John wasn’t the normal ideal of beauty, his ears were too big for his head, his hair was greying, he had poor fashion taste. But all of those things didn’t matter to Sherlock in the beginning, and now they just made him fall further.
“Even at quidditch?” Sherlock had asked with a coy smile as he looked at John across the table. It always made him happy that John had at least one thing he was undoubtedly confident in.
John rolled his eyes, turning his head to the window so the taller boy couldn’t see his smile. “You could avoid having to tell him that if you just didn’t smoke.”
“Damn right.” She giggled, in what Mycroft knew wasn’t her real laughter. You boys from Hogwarts?” She asked, even though she didn’t even glance at Greg.
It was fairly early in the morning, they were going to Kings Cross to say goodbye to John and Sherlock.
This time he hugged Greg before the Gryffindor had to meet his dad outside the station for the drive to their Croydon flat.
Sherlock stood quietly in the doorway watching them for a moment, he loved how calm John was when he was with her, how his worries seemed to melt away with her in his arms. His voice was low and rhythmic as he read out the words to her, and she was enticed, snuggling back into his chest as she looked at the pictures on the pages. Sherlock couldn’t believe he was even slightly jealous of his Goddaughter in that moment, but he was,
The conductor laughed at that, and Mycroft raised his eyebrows, looking as confused as John felt. “I only get to work a few times a year, the more the merrier.” He explained, giving them a wink before ushering them off as he started to work again.
“No.” John replied curtly, snatching his hand back, now healed correctly. “See, I told you, you have
He woke with John’s arms around his waist, his back pressed against John’s chest and the doctors head in his hair, soft breaths moving the curls ever so slightly. Their legs were a tanged mess beneath the duvet but he didn’t mind it. He scowled to himself, having become the little spoon as it were.
With a sigh, he climbed up to his own room, to see the unexpectedly obvious. There was John, lying in his bed, his back facing the entrance. He showed no signs of crying, nor sleep. Judging by his posture and position he was upset.
Sherlock didn’t look up, knowing who it was. “What if I'm not a Slytherin?” He asked, his voice muffled from his robes.
“Right, you’re in a strop. I’ll be in my room-“ He set down Sherlock’s cup of tea, so hard that it rippled, before grabbing his laptop. “
He parted ways with his friends, following the rest of his snake housed family. They didn’t like him very much, despite being a pureblood, though not many people cared about blood status anymore. He supposed it was because he kept himself well in line, and only spoke out when he disagreed, though those were just theories. It didn’t bother him much anyway, Lestrade always kept him a seat at the Gryffindor table, so he was never really alone.
John cringed, god he was so stupid, was it even possible to misgender yourself? Would Sherlock think he’s faking it? It’d been this way for five years he really hoped he wasn’t. “Oh, yeah, thanks- sorry I-I-“ He breathed out a sigh, clenching his fists. “Force of habit, I'm sorry.”
one. “Put out the lights.” He mouthed to the older boy who raised an eyebrow. John rolled his eyes. “Just do it!” He raised his voice to a shouted whisper, pointing when Sherlock flinched as a result.
wrong.” He understood that John could hear everything he was saying, whether he was listening or not was a different thing.
The Ravenclaw shrugged, opening a book on transfiguration that he’d picked out. “I could tell you more, but most people are quite opposed to it once I get into details.”
“Anthea, Sally, Anderson, John, I think Sherlock brought you something as well, but I think John forced him. I didn’t get you anything because I didn’t leave. Oh, and McGonagall brought you flowers too.” He listed on his fingers, quite quickly but clear enough for Greg to understand.
John shook his head, putting on a smile. “But we came back for you, we came back, we didn’t leave, did we?”
Sitting up, he glanced around the dorm. There were a few cages set atop dressers, ranging from rats to cats, though he’d advised the owners of said animals, to pick beds on opposite sides of the room.
His eyes scanned the crowds, trying to read them and their motives as a means of easing the tension in his throat. Some of them looked utterly ridiculous, faces painted with the colours of their house, signs made to support their favourite team member. Somehow it seemed to bring warmth to his chest to see everyone so riled up and excited.
John’s ears went red, and he laughed a little. “Thanks, Sherlock.” He paused for a second. “Do you want to exchange gifts now?”
“Maybe you just underestimate him. He is actually smart.” Greg reasoned, he knew Mycroft as the elder had more experience in deductions than his brother, but he knew Sherlock from what John told him.
“Me, then.” John replied, and when Greg didn’t say anything he looked to the floor. “That’s it, then. Greg I get that we’re mates and that you’re older, but you don’t have to babysit me. Just ‘cause my dad can’t be assed with me doesn’t mean you’re obligated to.” He spoke, and Greg felt the guilt pile in his stomach, he’d meant the gesture to be comforting, not smothering or pitiful.
Greg tried to keep his surprise subtle, but he couldn’t help his eyes widening in shock. “You haven’t told them yet?” He asked, trying to keep his tone soft.
The Gryffindor rolled his eyes, grabbing his broom and standing up on it, hands free, just to show off. It’d taken him the better part of the summer to learn that trick, out in the woods near his house, where nobody could see. He carried the broom around in a hockey bag to hide it. “Just because you can cast spells and I can’t.”
Rather than telling her that though, he decided to state the obvious again, quite surprised she was missing all of it. “What other choice do I have? He’s my best friend.”
“Well maybe I’ve also fallen victim to human attraction, Doctor.” Sherlock replied, not quite meeting his gaze, but smirking infuriatingly all the same. “Right, I take it you’ve been given everything you need to hear?” He asked, shutting his laptop and shoving it and a few other things into a messenger bag.
A knock on the glass door of the compartment caught him off guard, he pulled his hands from his eyes and turned to see Mike Stamford, taking an earbud out he greeted his friend with a half-hearted smile, taking his earbuds out, slightly grateful for somebody to talk to.
Sherlock’s parents had gone out of their way to get John a present. Just because he was Sherlock’s friend.
“Tell me he hasn’t touched my greenhouse.” Mummy Holmes simply raised her eyebrows and took a sip of her tea. “Oh, for heaven’s sake!” Mycroft groaned, running toward the back exist of the house. He could hear Greg following in tow, laughing to himself as he followed behind. The last time Sherlock had invaded Mycroft’s greenhouse alone he’d decided to test which acids kill exotic primrose the quickest.
He picked up the conversation as Mycroft locked the door. “Your parents for starters, quidditch is literally the only thing we have in common and I’m nearly certain they’ll hate the idea of us together.” He hadn't confirmation that the Holmes’ were against gay people, but they seemed to be very traditional, both Sherlock and Mycroft were put into dance lessons and fencing as children, and they seemed to have very set ideas for the two of them.
Sherlock sighed, squeezing his eyes shut, and pressing his fingers into his eyes as he did so. He’d already had this class for a period in the morning, and now he had to suffer with them for two more on a Friday afternoon.
“Look- I just- This is harder than it has any right to be.” Greg laughed running a nervous hand through his still black hair. “I-I-…” He broke the word into a sigh, avoiding Mycroft's eyes as his cheeks flared red. “I like you.”
The doctor jumped, stumbling back as a searing pain jabbed its way through his skin into his shoulder, he pressed his hand to it, to stop the bleeding, to cry out for help, but then steady hands were on his shoulders, and pale green eyes met dark blue. He was still in his living room.
John rolled his eyes, staring up at the ceiling, crossing his arms over his chest. “Oh don’t give me that shit; you know rightly what it is.”
“Alright then.” He said finally, leaning up to press a kiss to the side of Sherlocks face, just at his jaw.
“No, you berk, I love it.” He sniffed, still smiling as he put it round his neck, staring into his lap as he fidgeted with the bell. “It’s just, I dunno, my mum.”
“Why on earth is it just a name? Why isn’t it a country, or a town, or something more than a stupid bloody first name that I’ll have forever because I’ll never find the right bloody John!”
He moved schools in September, spoke to the principal his first day, and nobody was any the wiser, as before the first lesson he had, his name was changed on the register.
The younger Gryffindor burst through the doors of The Three Broomsticks, red in the face and out of breath, obviously having ran in fear of being tailed or caught. He walked calmly toward Greg, as if the loud bang of the doors opening hadn't already caught everybody’s attention.
John simply allowed himself to be dragged along by the taller boy. Well, he was following him, just as Sherlock knew he would be.
"My b-bed- it's bigger." John felt the arousal pool in his stomach again, seeing Sherlock reduced to a stuttering mess,
Mummy and Father were quite pleased to have him home, though, and their mood seemed ever lightened when Sherlock sent, if begrudgingly, a photo of him and John in their knitwear. Sherlock was wearing a new scarf around his neck, and John, a stethoscope, but both were in the jumpers Mummy had made for them, to which she was very pleased.
The words, like John’s, escaped him before he could hold them back and the box in his mind had cracked open, trickling out into his voice. What was he doing? He didn’t know, or care, because the feeling in his stomach was new and interesting.
He didn’t really know why he’d done it, but something flared up inside his head that made the thought of speaking to John in that moment seem sickening, anxiety inducing maybe, so he’d chosen to avoid the feeling.
“You know exactly what I’m talking about. Let’s start with Amortentia.” He said simply. “The love potion meant for only seventh years to brew. Let’s start with how you’ve been drugging me on it for our entire relationship.”
She was a third year, pale eyes, dark hair, relatively clever, at least that’s what John said. “Hardly as clever as you though, then again most people aren’t. Better than me I guess is what I mean.”
