Castiel chuckles.  “Probably not.  How much do you want to bet they’re exchanging embarassing stories about us?”
Castiel nods, chewing slowly to savor the rich flavor of the beef.
Feeling shy, Dean looks down at Castiel’s hand in his.  He’s been distracted by his own nerves about the conversation, and didn’t realize he’d been giving Castiel a hand massage.  Tilting his head down further to hide his smile, he presses his thumbs into Castiel’s palm, watching as his fingers curl inward.
“Why is-” Sam cuts off with a huff and squeezes the bridge of his nose.  There’s a warning throb behind his eyes and he’s going to have to mix himself up something for it after he’s done making the vamp antidote or he’s going to be in for one hell of a migraine later.
He may also be mildly jealous of the familiarity Dean and Sam share with these people.  Like they’re part of the family, returned from a long journey.  The only person who would have greeted him so enthusiastically would have been his brother Emmanuel, and the only time they’d been apart long enough to truly miss each other is after he moved west.  And Castiel never had the opportunity to reunite with him again.
The loneliness isn’t so bad when he’s working, with the radio blasting and Jo clattering around on her favorite side of the garage.  He also makes time for daily visits with Sam and Eileen, and his brother doesn’t even complain about his hovering anymore.  When he thinks Dean isn’t looking he watches Dean with sad, worried moose eyes.  Usually that would irritate the fuck out of Dean, because he’s not the one who needs help bathing right now, but instead all he feels is longing for his damn boyfriend and gratitude that Sam is allowing the mother henning that eases Dean’s anxiety.
For a moment Castiel’s smile widens into one of his rare teeth-baring grins.  But then it fades, replaced with a worried frown.  “What if you can’t give them something they need?”
“Coffee,” she snaps.
“That’s the last of it.” Castiel lifts his shoulder enough to wipe the moisture trickling from his temple on his t-shirt.  The smell of his own sweat assails him, and he wrinkles his nose.  Everyone has been telling him the weather should cool off any day now, but he has a hard time believing it at the moment.  Almost two months has passed since his arrival in Purgatory, and it’s almost October.  It should feel like summer is almost over, not in full swing.  “Garth is ready to go once you sign off on it.”
No, no, no, not yet.  He moans through trembling lips.
Both men block his way as their leader shoves Dean down the street in the direction of the jailhouse.  Castiel stays where he is until the gunmen seem to believe that he’s not going to cause any trouble.  Then they turn as a unit and follow Gordon and Dean.
“You gonna get out there and help?” Dean asks.
Castiel works quickly, untying the ropes while wondering uncertainly how he’ll ever get Dean back astride if he doesn’t regain consciousness.  Dean slumps to the side, then slowly slips down until Castiel catches his weight.  It takes a great deal of effort, but he manages to half carry, half drag Dean to the fire.  He lays Dean down on dry furs and blankets and wraps him warmly.
“Dean?”
He continues talking through most of the meal, explaining everything that still needs to be done.  It’s not the first time Castiel has heard this list; the muffler needs to be machined, the cost of axles on ebay still haven’t come down but he’s got his eye on one seller, he’s got a lead on original side mirrors, and he should be able to afford to get the paint job done soon.  Replacing the torn leather of the seats is no longer part of his list, because the stuff he’d needed had come in the morning shipment, and luckily Jo wanted to pick up some more hours so Dean has been able to work on his Baby instead of the boring tune-ups of paying customers.
“Okay, speaking of.  You said you know where Sam is?”  He’s feeling better by the minute, but he’s still too wobbly to go running off after his brother, despite his intense desire to find him.
Not that he’s in love with Dean.
With that, Dean strolls away, bowlegs adding extra swing to his gait.  He whistles a jaunty tune that makes Castiel certain the outlaw is pranking him.
Mildly naughty ;D
Unless the reason his previous owners kept resetting him is because they were trying to erase evidence…
Castiel feels a combination of gratitude and guilt at Sam’s offer.  This is his mission, and he always planned to fund it himself, but under the current circumstances he’ll accept Sam’s offer.  He tries not to think of where they obtained money.  If it was theft, he doesn’t want to know, and if it’s from the dead miners, he doubly doesn’t want to know.
Dean pulls his bottom lip through his teeth, and he stares hard enough that Castiel checks to make sure his channels are open in case Dean is trying to send his thoughts via text.  But there’s no data coming from them, so he waits for whatever Dean has to say.
Sam casts him a sideways glance, his expression brimming with wry amusement.  “I suppose we should teach you a few things, huh?”  He laughs and adds “Man, you are so lucky you didn’t try going after a real vampire with that kit of yours.”
“You bet.”  Sam bows formally over her gloved hand, and takes his leave.
“He’s about your age.  And very handsome.”
Castiel’s heart stutters to a stop, and he flinches at the pain.  His hand comes up to press over the ache in his chest, and he takes a step back.  He wants to turn away, to flee, but he can’t take his eyes away from the scene in front of him.
Dean almost opens his mouth right then and there to confess everything that is in his heart.  But the weight of the stares from their audience of two keeps him silent.  It’s not that he doesn’t want them to know.  He’ll gladly shout it from the rooftops.  But not the first time.  That moment should belong to Castiel alone.
Castiel leans in close again, and Dean can feel the warmth of his breath against his cheek.  He smells like sandalwood and beer, and it makes Dean a little dizzy.  “But I’m also a little jealous about Benny.”
Which means it’s time to intervene.  “Crowley.”  He feels the other horseman’s presence fill the hospital before it condenses down into the form of a small man in a tailored suit.
Dean grinds his teeth, and then takes a deep breath to calm his temper.  What kind of asshole boyfriend would he be if he keeps snapping at Castiel when he’s hurting like this?  But he tries one last time, shooting Castiel a pleading look.  “Please just try?  You look like you’re dying.” His voice breaks on the last word, but he can’t even feel embarrassment over it.
“You could have told me before,” Castiel says, voice gentle as his touch.  “You didn’t have to--”
Leaving the t-shirt off, he dresses in the shorts and folds up his own clothing.  He uses one of the spare toothbrushes Dean had offered, and tries one more time to comb his hair into some semblance of order, but gives up when it refuses to be tamed.
“I’ve got a buddy with me,” Dean says.
“You must not look at me until I’m wearing pants,” Castiel orders on his way to the dresser.  “I don’t want you to have an aneurysm.”
Suddenly it occurs to Castiel that they’re completely alone, and excitement bubbles up inside of him.
Lively conversation engulfs the table.  The young men Cesar and Jesse employ to help with the ranch work are curious and eager to hear stories from outsiders.  They flood the brothers with questions about where they’ve been, and their adventures.  Dean and Sam are careful to downplay their brushes with the law, but are honest about their hunts.
She perks up again.  “You have a sign name?”
“Already talked to Cesar about it,” Sam says with a grin.  “He’s planning on keeping the sheriff and his posse
Cas' frown deepens.  "I don't think-"
“Not as much as when I was a kid.” Castiel has a vague memory of hearing about Dean’s deadbeat dad being a drifter, but those were more stories started by his least favorite rumor mills, so he’d mostly ignored them.  “But there was college and then I moved a couple times for jobs until I settled in California to be near my brother.”
“And that’s part of why I’m here.  I know you’ve got non-public information on a lot of tech companies.  I dug through what I could find about Angel Industries, but as far as I can tell they don’t create AI.”
“Maybe not all of them,” Charlie says, smiling impishly.  She bounds up from her stool and hurries over to Dean, stopping just before she collides with him.  She gives him a narrow eyed look.  “Pop quiz: Original Trilogy or The Prequels?”
As is always the case in VR, the pleasure comes close to shorting out his connection.  But he pulls himself through the packet loss and collapses on Gabriel’s body, glad he doesn’t have to worry about actually crushing him with his weight.  Because there’s no way he can hold himself up any longer.
“The ambulance should be here soon,” she says.  Casting a sympathetic glance at Dean, she murmurs an encouraging “you’ll be alright, dearie.  Castiel will take good care of you.”
He wants Dean.  Badly.  What would it feel like to have all that power under him?  Around him?  He’s usually topped in his encounters with men, but there’s a part of him that craves having Dean bend him over the nearest surface.
“Yeah I’m pretty sure he’s logged in under his dad’s profile.  There’s no way he’s old enough to accept the terms and conditions on his own.  I keep an eye on him, and have a few buddies doing the same when I’m not logged on.”  Dean frees his hands, and then throws Sam a questioning look. “What are you doing logged on?  Already tired of Gabriel’s hot bod?”
An incredulous look is swung his way, but only briefly.  Sam’s attention is back on the threat between one blink and the next.  “It tried to kill you, Dean.”
“Because no one cared for me,” Alfie whispers brokenly.  “And I want to go home.”
Since he’d become human things have changed.  He knows it’s because Dean loves him, and wants to keep him safe.  But Castiel is beginning to feel stifled.
“Give him time,” Eileen signs gently, her eyes sympathetic.  “He’ll come out of it again.  He always does.”
“Dude, you’ve got the fancy rootbeer!”
Magda nodded slowly, and her eyes fill with pain and fear, then pool with tears.  She nods vigorously.  “Si… son malvados.”
“Anyway, he’s gone now,” Pamela says.  Her voice drops to a husky whisper.  “Let me take your mind off him for a while.”
That stops Dean in his tracks.  He drops his head down and rubs the bridge of his nose.  “Okay, yeah I know that.  I’m just…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Take a well earned sabbatical.  I think I’ve earned it,” Dean says with a wry smile.  It fades, and he continues more somberly “Sam and me, we want to rebuild the ranch back home, in Wyoming.”
“Because I did.” Dean grins unrepentantly as he leads the way to the cash register.  He leans in close to whisper in Castiel’s ear once they’re in line.  “Sorry… I’ll make it up to you later.”
“Have I been sold?”  Jack looks around, his expressive features overflowing with curiosity.  “Is this a new brothel?”
“Him,” Dean corrects.
“The cabin,” Castiel says without hesitation.  “I can find something in there to use as a bandage.”  He leans down enough to wrap Dean’s arm over his shoulders, and then starts to gingerly lift him from the ground.
“You would have gotten him back,” Sam says with a conviction that Dean isn’t sure he deserves.
Sam smile against Gabriel’s hair, unsurprised by the answer.  “Join me later if you can?”
Is that a hint of disappointment?  Dean ducks his head to hide his own expression.  Nudging Castiel’s elbow out of the way, Dean lifts his shirt and begins dabbing at the lacerations.  Castiel hisses, and Dean winces in sympathy.  “Sorry.  It’ll sting.”
“We can talk for a while I guess.” Dean rubs his face against the back of Castiel’s neck, bare now that he’s removed his robe again in preparation for going to bed.
“Are you out of your mind?” Dean scoffs.  “We don’t even get along--”
Of all the insufferable, overbearing,
When his horse, dubbed Honey for her color, slows to a stop Castiel lifts his head.  He’s so exhausted that he didn’t even notice the others stopping.  Thankfully Honey doesn’t seem keen to go on without them.
Castiel’s feet glue themselves to the sidewalk.  His dad is sick?  He can’t remember a time during his entire life that he’s seen his dad sick.  It gave the illusion that the man was immortal.  “Okay,” he huffs, running fingers through his hair.  He thinks distantly that it’s getting long, and he should probably get it cut before he sees his dad, or he’ll get scolded for it.  “I’ll be home as soon as I can.”
“I can take your bike.”
Closing his eyes against the handsome man in front of him, Castiel scrambles for self control.  His willpower is stretched ribbon thin, and it takes everything in him to not grab Dean and ravish him right there on the table.  After a breath to steel himself against Dean’s beauty, he opens his eyes to find Dean watching him intently.  “I want more than a fling,” he admits.  “And I don’t want you to think I take things like this lightly.”
The Pinkerton looks up at him with a mixture of curiosity, and the wariness Dean had been looking for earlier.  But he obeys the order without question.  Once he’s close, Dean grabs him by the shoulders and situates him so that he’s facing away from the horses.
“They call them Shaman,” Sam says.  “Although most Shaman use their magic to heal or protect their people, there are some who turn to the darker magics when pushed too far.  Some of them have the ability to shapeshift, with dark power over death.  They hunted the soldiers in packs, and raised the corpses of their fallen to aid in the fight.”
The white of the man’s eyes disappears completely, destroying any illusion of humanity.  Even without being able to see where his eyes are pointed, Castiel can feel the demon’s gaze on the tattoo like a physical touch.  The idea that the demon may be actually touching him without using its vessels hands makes him shudder in his invisible bonds.
“Every first date needs a good serenade,” Sam says.  And then he lets out a gusting sigh.  “He doesn’t sing for us as often as he used to.”
under the sweetness, Castiel adjusts his grip and yanks Dean fully against him.  Dean flinches back and drops one hand to cover Castiel’s where it’s digging into his scarred hip.
Probably not.  Cas is smart enough not to reveal he’s a Pinkerton.  He’ll realize that would only make things worse.  Comancheros take particular delight in killing lawmen.  And if there’s a demon holding him captive, that death will be slower and more painful.
“I wouldn’t have guessed you were such a good kisser, Cas.”  Dean’s voice is rough, and he rolls to the side, coughing.
“Whoa, Cas!” Dean’s hands come up to brace Castiel’s weight.  “You okay?”
So of course Castiel does it anyway, circling around--and yes, his ass looks sexy as fuck.  Holy hell, Dean’s beginning to wonder how jeans are even legal.  “Yeah,” he manages to squeeze out through a dry throat.  “Those look good.”
The squint narrows even further.  “And the Skinwalkers don’t know it’s there?”
“Hey, Charlie,” Castiel says with a laugh.  “You were actually next on my list.”
“They better!” Ash exclaims cheerfully as he starts the truck’s engine.  “So where to, Castiel?”
“You never been out of the city, Cas?” he asks as they pass a building only barely recognizable as an old petroleum gas station.
And then he
“You are an creature of peace as well as war,” Dean whispers.  “Balance.”
She pats his arm and beams up at him.  “Thank you for coming.  Although I could have driven him home myself.”
Castiel stares at Dean’s grin and wonders why he hasn’t shot Dean Winchester again.  The first time had certainly been satisfying.  A second round could only be better.  “You’re a right bastard, you know that?” he says mildly, even as he burns inside with embarrassment and rage and something else he refuses to put name to.
Dean blinks, trying to figure out how the conversation derailed into such serious territory as
Castiel nods, and Sam closes the door for him.  He turns his attention to the car’s controls and puts both hands on the wheel and feels out the foot controls.  They shouldn’t be necessary for most of the drive since the car will be able to self drive for much of the distance, but he decides it would be best to apply the driving stims sooner rather than later, to make sure there aren’t any gaps in his understanding.
Castiel expects him to move away, to circle around behind him again.  But Dean stays where he is, hands cupped softly around Castiel’s cheeks.
They speak quietly, mostly about his father’s diagnoses and what the doctors have planned for his treatments.  Eventually talk turns to who is taking care of the business while Michael and Anna are away.  It’s hers, inherited from her family, but they run the company together since Michael retired from the police force.  It’s not a large company, and they do have some people who can take care of things for a short time if needed, but someone will need to step in to provide management sooner rather than later.
Dean looks up at him through dark lashes beaded with water, and the tension in Castiel’s groin coils tighter.  “Guess I’ll take that as a yes.”
A lightness fills him, and he grins.  It’s been so long since he’s felt the need to care for his body like this, and now he’s done it twice in twenty-four hours.  Maybe he should feel a little guilty for using Dean as inspiration for getting off, especially while borrowing the man’s shower, but he feels too good right now to worry about it.  His pain has lessened considerably, and the craving for pills is gone.  Endorphins are worlds better than prescription pain medication.
“Well, nothing extravagant.”
“Eat me, Loki,” she retorts with a laugh.  She waves her hands in front of herself and her royal garb returns, including the phoenix mask.  “Get out of here before I start calling for a beheading.”
Castiel scoffs lightly, but doesn’t argue the point.
“Is there anything like that between you and Gabriel?”
“I wish you were not going on this journey to the mountains.  It will be very dangerous.”
“Yeah, well if you didn’t eat it’s too late now,” Kubrick huffs.  He produces a ring of keys and shoves one in the cell door’s lock.
“See if you can get them to disperse.” Castiel jerks his head at the gawkers, but doesn’t take his eyes off Dean.  “I'll talk to him.”
One small town was raided completely, no building left unlooted.  Anyone who tried to defend their home or business was gunned down.
“No shit?” As soon as his arms are free, Dean sits up and pulls Castiel into a crushing hug.  He presses his face into the collar of Castiel’s trench, thrilled beyond fucking anything to feel its texture under his skin.
By the time they’re parked on flat ground again, Dean is sure Castiel will never forgive him.
Dean responds with a grunt, and heads for the door, more eager to leave all those weird gooey thoughts and feelings in his dust than he is for sleep.  But Castiel stops him in the doorway with a question.
“Great!” Dean squeezes Castiel’s hand and sends him a wink before he releases him and makes a beeline for the coffee.  “What’re the details?”
“Did I say something wrong?” Dean’s eyes flick back and forth between Castiel and the road, worry clear in his tone.  “I was just kidding, Cas.”
Eventually the fact that the room is brightly lit pierces Dean’s eyelids and consciousness.  He opens them and blinks a few times until he’s able to focus on the bedside clock.  Early afternoon.  His smile fades into a frown of confusion.  Why had he slept so late?
scowl that Dean’s also very familiar with.  “I
He follows the tracks until they disappear under the light snow that starts falling a few hours into his search.  Picking up the trail again takes precious time, and he curses the clouds scudding overhead.
Sam is starting to get why Dean is geeking out.  Why would a robot enjoy something?
“Roast beef and cheddar for you,” Castiel pulls out Dean’s sandwich.  “And salt and vinegar chips to share with me.”
The blue and green lights of the monitors above Castiel’s head give his skin a sickly hue, and Dean calls up the overhead sunstrips.  They illuminate everything in a soft yellow glow, making Castiel’s skin look pink and healthy, and Dean sighs in relief.
From the corner of his eye, Castiel sees one of the paramedics approach, cautiously crouching down at Castiel’s side.  “Do you know if he has any allergies?” he asks quietly.
His eyes flash silver in the beam of Sam’s flashlight.
It goes from pleasant to unpleasant so fast that Castiel reacts with a gasp and jerks his hand away before he can ask Dean to stop it.
“So you
ride a horse?”
“I need to go back to Boston.” Castiel is breathless from running, and he has to pause to suck in several lungfuls of air.  By the time he’s ready to speak again, Dean is on his feet and standing in front of him, brow lowered in worry, and his hands come up to grip Castiel’s shoulders, grounding him.  “It’s my dad.  He’s in the hospital, and--” he breaks off again, and pushes his face against Dean’s chest, seeking comfort.  “Dean, I need to go.”
He recovers quickly from his shock.  Dean’s speed is a reminder of how dangerous he is, but Castiel knows he has nothing to fear from the outlaw.  Dean’s eyes are cold and hard with a warning that Castiel is too reckless to heed.  But weariness also reflects back from their green depths.
The redhead perks up.  “Now I’ll absolutely
A shuffling at their backs have them both spinning around.  Dean has his gun out in an instant, and pointed in the direction of his flashlight beam.  Nothing moves for several long seconds, but then a head peeks out from behind the glassless window of what might have been a laundromat in a past century.  He zeroes in on the movement.  “Don’t move!”
Sam holds his palms out in a placating gesture, but his grin is all Annoying Little Brother.  “Whatever, man.  It’s not my business if you’re wasting your time.”
“Have you ever seen a man pull on a coyote skin and change before your eyes?” Dean continues.  Then he scoffs.  “‘Course you haven’t.  Not many live to tell the tale.
“I’ve suspected for some time,” Castiel admits.  “There have been… odd occurrences in some of my cases.  And I’ve read things…”
“Fire her first.”  They both laugh, and it destroys the lingering tension between them.
“Dean!” Castiel gasps as his body begins to shudder with shockwaves of bliss.
Not wanting to give Winchester more reason to doubt him, Castiel shifts in the saddle.  It’s a mistake.  Parts of his body that had gone numb suddenly light up with sensation.  All of it bad.
Castiel wonders if Dean is unaware of how hard it is not to stare at him all the time.
Alistair shrugs and sits back, releasing Castiel with his fingers, if not with his power.  “He was well on his way to becoming an artist.  It is hard for a teacher not to boast about his star pupil.”
Dean groans in mock horror.  “Just please don’t talk about Prom.”
He works diligently, plucking weeds and checking the soil, and preparing things for the end of summer.  The days are still uncomfortably warm, but the nights are cooling quickly, and he wants to make sure his little garden is ready.  The stray tom cat that seems to have adopted them wanders through at one point and rubs itself against Castiel’s thighs, but skitters away when he tries to pet it.  Castiel chuckles and gets back to work, gets lost in the simple labor.
He goes over a mental plan for what kind of crazy sweaters he can design for the shop as he opens the boxes.  He smiles as he unpacks the Alpaca yarn, pausing to pet the soft green.  This one is for himself, and he promises he won’t use it for any commissions this time.  He’s got a lovely scarf in mind, and since the weather is getting cooler, he needs to get started soon if he wants to use it this winter.
The bottles are cold and damp with condensation as he accepts them.  He takes a sip from one, and hums in appreciation for the rich flavor.  “This is very good.  Dean says you brew it yourself?”
A beautiful flush spreads across Castiel’s cheeks as he smiles shyly, and Dean wonders if he’ll be able to pay any attention at all to the tv when he’s got someone so gorgeous to stare at instead.
“It’s better than not providing a synthetic alternative,” Jimmy counters as he hands Sam and Dean their drinks.
Winchester sets a murderous pace, and Castiel has no doubt it’s to prove a very specific point.  The point being that Castiel has neither the sense, nor the stamina to be making this journey.
“I hope he swells up and bursts,” he mumbles, recalling the horrible story about the dangers of being stung, and heads for the edge of the river.
Castiel’s guess is confirmed when Jo’s voice reaches them through the thin walls.  “You fuckers better be decent!  Sam and Eileen are gonna be here soon!”
He’s not feeling quite as high on life as he was when he pulled out of the motel parking lot.  But he’s a big boy, and he can accept that for the moment he’s got Cas at his side.  It’s enough for now.  “I’m good,” he says to Sam, and he doesn’t even have to fake a genuine smile for him, because it’s the truth.
Just as he’s about ready to squirm under the scrutiny, Castiel smiles and releases Sam from his intense scrutiny by sending Dean a fond look.  “Thank you for your concern, Sam.  I was very interested in learning what Dean had to teach me this morning.”  His attention comes back to Sam, and it’s nowhere near as intense as it was before.  “I enjoyed the experience.”
Rufus sees his surprise and snorts.  “What did you think you were going after?”
Sam responds with a raised eyebrow, and an
Dean snorts a small laugh.  “You couldn’t have done your analysis before we started this whole adventure?”
Dean doesn’t make it easy for him, keeping his body still as Castiel strains for more.  “Tell me you want me, Cas,” he says as he begins to pepper kisses down Castiel’s stomach.
Sam huffs, almost a laugh.  But his amusement quickly dissipates.  “So you can’t feel it when you’re having sex?”
Castiel hasn’t been camping since he was a kid.  And never far from the cabin his family stayed in when they visited the family orchard.  His parents would set up a tent outside for him, but he could walk across the grass and go inside if it was cold, or scared, or had to use the nice modern bathroom.  This is much different, and doesn’t even involve a tent.  Just the hard bed of a truck that doesn’t even have a shell on the back, so they’ll be sleeping under the stars.  It doesn’t sound comfortable at all.
Kissing is
So remember when I was saying that I was cutting stuff from the original because it wouldn't make sense with SPN or Destiel?  And I speculated that this fic would be shorter?  HAHA GUESS WHO ADDED 30K??  Yeesh, I'm such a wordy bitch.
“Indeed.”
Cas doesn’t look up from cinching the knot tight.  “I believe the sheriff has other plans.  And even if he let you go, Sam explained that Gordon would not.”
It’s far more dangerous.  For Dean, and for anyone who gets close to him.  He knows from experience.  He knows he’s poison.  But his heart still aches for that closeness, and he briefly allows himself to imagine having it.  With Cas.
“Bueno.  I’ll have one of the boys saddle a horse for you.  Follow the base of the mountain along the river. It is well traveled by my vaqueros, so there is no danger.”
Under the pile of blankets Gabriel insists on pulling over them when they sleep, it’s too warm and the heat wakes Sam from a dreamless sleep.  Despite the clammy sweat coating his body he doesn’t bother to kick them away. It’ll wake Gabriel, and Sam would rather stay wrapped around the smaller man for a few minutes longer, soaking up the scent of his skin and the comfort of his presence.
Kneeling down in front of the android, Dean takes a moment to really look at its features.  His enhanced vision can’t pick up the odd smoothness usually found in humanoid bots.  There are fine wrinkles and soft lashes framing the closed eyes, and the dark stubble shadowing its jaw looks as real as Dean’s own.  And the attention to realism applies to its whole body, right down to the cuticles of its nails and the slight bend to its toes that look like it wore too tight shoes as a child.
Pushing himself up on his elbows, he squints at the bedside clock until the blurry red shapes coalesce into readable numbers.  It’s only a little after eight, so he hasn’t slept too late.  One of these days he’s really going to have to talk to Dean about letting him sleep in though.
The bitterness in Dean’s voice surprises Castiel.  But he realizes quickly that it shouldn’t.  Before he met Dean, he’d thought the outlaw wouldn’t care about the plight of strangers.  They should be nothing more than targets, victims to someone with Dean’s reputation. However, Dean cares very deeply, risking his life to protect people from unknown horrors.  It follows logically that he would care about people regardless of nationality, race, religion, or any of the other things people use to put each other in categories.
Castiel has no idea.  Spending all day with Dean has its appeal, but since their relationship is new he doesn’t want to invade Dean’s space too much.  But even if Dean does want to hang out all weekend, he still needs to think about his future in Purgatory and what exactly he’s going to do during the week when they aren’t together.
On second thought punching Dean might make him feel
“Hey, there’s a reason I only bottom in VR, ya know.”  Gabriel pushes himself up until he’s sitting astride Sam’s hips, hands braced low on his belly.
Throwing the blanket back, he bolts up from the couch and runs for Dean’s bedroom.  He finds the door unlocked, and goes through it without hesitating over the risk of invading Dean’s privacy.  A ball of fur shoots past his ankles as he hurries to the bed where Dean is thrashing restlessly, fists clenched in the thin blanket covering his body.  Castiel kneels on the mattress and barely avoids flailing limbs when he grabs Dean by the shoulders.  “Dean!  Wake up, you’re dreaming!”
Castiel clings to the saddle as the horse lunges across the stream.  They set a grueling pace, riding all day and most of the night, heedless of the dangerous terrain.  And Castiel wonders if even Dean will be able to keep up with them.
The wound on his leg terrifies Castiel.  The bleeding had stopped after the first day, just as Dean said it would.  The tourniquet had been removed already, replaced with thickly padded bandages.
Castiel steps into the room, revolver held ready.  Pamela is reclined on the bed, her hair down and spread around her bare shoulders.  She still wears a thin camisole that barely conceals her breasts, and her legs are tucked under the purple coverlet on the bed.  Dean is not in the bed with her.
Dean reaches up to remove his helmet, revealing more of his face than most players display.  He doesn’t wear any kind of mask, instead a strip of white silk is wrapped over his eyes and tied behind his head.  Wisps of black smoke seep through it from the shadowy depressions where his eyes should be.
Gabriel, and he tries not to be bitter that Sam has an easier time going to his boyfriend than coming to Dean.  He’s got his own (unhealthy) coping mechanisms, so it would be hypocritical to begrudge Sam his.
It’s unexpected, but not unwelcome.  “Yes.”
When did he come to respect the opinions of these outlaws so much?
She’d been thrilled at the idea and had wanted to run diagnostics, and do tests.  But Dean had
breathless.  “What are we going to do for the rest of the evening?  I’m going to be up all night because you let me sleep all day.”
There’s dead silence on the other side of the wall.  Sam waits, breath held.
“Alright, be safe.”
“Routines are for suckers.”  Dean lifts a hand, offering Castiel his saddlebags that he’d forgotten to bring inside.  “Not that I mind seeing you wandering around in my clothes or anything, but I thought you might want your own stuff.”
Castiel’s hand runs gently over Dean’s side, and he nearly melts into the touch.  He can’t remember the last time someone has done more than shake his hand or slap him on the shoulder.  The occasional hug from Ellen, or Eileen isn’t the same either.  The soft petting against his ribs fills something inside him that he hadn’t even realized was empty, and he’s just now realizing that he’s starving for the simple, affectionate touch.
“I’d hardly call stealing the principal's car and parking it inside the school gym a dark secret,” he says with a chuckle.  He remembers learning that story, on a night they’d gone to the Roadhouse for karaoke, and everyone was talking over each other trying to tell their most embarrassing stories about Dean.  But everyone had been impressed with the senior prank story, and even Dean had contributed to telling it, clearly struggling to hide his pride over pulling it off.  “I doubt it stands up to any of your own dark secrets,” he teases.
And that’s Castiel’s fault, even if it would be unusual for him to spill his life history to someone who was a stranger as little as a week ago.  He’s hedged around questions about his life back in Boston, but he can’t avoid answering them forever.  Anyone would be curious about why he’s been drifting across the country, so far from home, with no plans other than to keep following the road day in and day out.  He’s never stayed in one place long enough that he felt like he needed to sate that curiosity.  But he’s not just passing through Purgatory.  He’s making friends, people that he genuinely enjoys spending time with.
She snorts a laugh and reaches across the corner to slap his shoulder.  The easy camaraderie in the gesture warms him.  “You’re handsome, but I’m old enough to be your mom.”  She props her chin on her hands and gives him a thoughtful look.  “I just thought you might be interested in sticking around because you seemed to make a connection yesterday.”
“This is only a small part of the place,” Dean explains as he reaches up to poke at a ripening tomato.  “Even with the ‘bots taking care of things we don’t really have time to be full time gardeners, and there’s only the two of us to feed. We trade what we can’t use with Ellen at the Roadhouse for things we can’t grow ourselves, like eggs, bread, or real meat.”  He grins.  “Or coffee.”
“Not yet,” he murmurs as he coaxes Cas back to his feet.
Dean nods to the owner of the store and turns around to address Castiel.  “Make sure you find yourself some gloves, because I’m going to need mine back.”  Then he moves past Castiel to the door.
Dean’s eyes glint with mischief when he glances at Cas, and then he starts to sing too, just as the chorus kicks in.  He lifts his beer, and sings into it like a microphone.  His arm tightens around Castiel, keeping him tethered to Dean’s side.
He’s going to keep arguing, which Dean understands.  Castiel doesn’t have actual nerve endings lighting up under Dean’s touch.  His body is only responding because it’s programmed to, and even if he has an orgasm it won’t be real.  Not the way a biological body’s would be.  And because of that Dean usually let’s Cas do all the work, taking him apart at the seams and putting him back together with a freakish level of skill--and Dean really doesn’t want to think of the small jittery man he met today coming up with all of Castiel’s sexual knowledge programming--that leaves him too worn out to even think about returning the favor, if it were possible.
“Panic attacks,” Dean confirms.  “I had a hard time leaving the house until they calmed down.”
“Dude, people are weird,” he mutters with a shake of his head.
“Good,” Dean huffs.
“And Han Solo,” he adds in a low voice.  “I could never tell what I wanted more.  To be him, or to make out with him.  I bet he’d be a great kisser.”
His reactions to Dean have always been different, though.  More focused.  Far more of his processing power goes into everything he thinks and does around Dean, and he has special databases just for Dean-related information, while he keeps everyone else’s information in generalized databases.  He’d concluded that his extra interest was a glitch, and hasn’t examined the phenomenon further, but could it be something more?
Before leaving Las Cruces Castiel had already seen a side of the brothers that doesn’t show up in any reports.  Sam is intelligent and kind, friendly and open.  Dean is capable of gentleness and patience.  But in the weeks they spend traveling south, he sees first hand how compassionate they are.
“You were the first,” she says.  “But not the last.  We disposed of another unit a few weeks ago.”
His grip around Castiel’s wrist tightens to the point of pain, until he lets go with a thrust that drives Castiel back another step.  When Castiel rubs his abused wrist, the cold mask slips again, and he looks like he’s not sure if he want to apologize or commit further violence.
Instead of scoffing and throwing a ketchup drenched fry at him like he expects, she appears to give the question actual thought.  “Yeah, sometimes,” she says, as if she’s not dropping a bombshell on the table.  “But it doesn’t change the fact that I live in a small town, and the only women I’d be interested in are either taken, or not into women.”
He throws her away from himself and she hits the white carpet hard enough to elicit a grunt of pain.  Her expression is no longer serene when she looks up at him.  “Maybe I’ll just rebuild your coding from the ground up this time.”
“I think you’re a liar,” Dean continues.
“Yes,” Castiel says, slow and deliberate.  “I would like to do that.”
When Dean doesn’t answer right away, Castiel reaches out and puts a hand on his shoulder.  It’s a mistake.  Dean spins around so fast that Castiel gasps and takes a step back.  It’s as far as he gets because Dean’s hand shoots out, fast as a snake strike, and wraps tightly around Castiel’s wrist.
Magda’s whole body goes tense, and her fingers curl into tight fists in her skirt.  “Blanco,” she whispers.  “El hombre tiene ojos blancos.”
He’s been ribbed by both his straight and his gay friends for his preferences.  They thought he could never settle his affections on one person without missing something in his sex life.  Which is ridiculous, of course.  He loves… loved… Hannah deeply, and there had never been anything lacking in the bedroom.  But how will Dean feel about it?  Their relationship is new, and Castiel doesn’t want to give him reason for doubt.  So he’ll do his best to keep his comparisons between his ex wife and Dean to himself.
Castiel nods and then climbs up next to him.  Once he’s barefoot, he pulls open the wrapper on the protein bar and starts nibbling at it.  He accepts gratefully when Dean offers him the water bottle.  “You know,” he says conversationally, once he’s swallowed his second bite of the bar and washed it down.  “It’s not quite the same as one of Benny’s burgers, but I gotta say this is one of the best meals I’ve had in a while.”
,” he barks angrily.  “He can’t be exorcised, and the only weapon we had that would work against him was sold with the rest of our stuff.”
Tears burn in Castiel’s eyes.  Alfie was so young, and all he’d wanted was to go home.  And Castiel would have seen that he did.  But now, this is as close as he’ll ever get to home.
“What the actual fuck?” Dean shifts like he’s not sure if he should put his knife away or start stabbing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean surprises him with his answer.  “Another day would be better, but I think they can handle it.”
The vampire only smiles wider.  He lifts his wrist to his mouth, rips through the skin, and when the blood is flowing he presses the gash to Dean’s mouth.  When Dean refuses to open his mouth, strong fingers dig into his jaws, pressing against his teeth and forcing them apart, and then the hot coppery liquid is flooding between his lips.
“I like it here, and I want to stay,” he finally answers.  “And I’d very much like to explore what’s happening between us.”
Music and laughter washes over them as the door opens.  A quick glance around reveals that the place is packed with people he knows.  Not that it would be different any other day, since it’s a small town and he knows most faces at least in passing.  But by the way heads turn, and his friends openly stare, he suspects that they made a special effort to be here tonight.
There’s a hole under Dean’s feet and he can feel it getting deeper when he’s unable to control his fool mouth.  “I was trying to keep you alive,” he answers angrily.  “You’re my ticket to freedom.”
His captor is gaunt and twisted, probably really fuckin’ old since he actually looks a hundred years past middle age.  Pale eyes glitter at Dean from sunken sockets, and yellowed teeth peek from behind barely-there lips twisted in a sneer.  He’s wearing a fucking lab coat and a stethoscope, like a doctor at a free clinic that does all of his diagnosing with old fashioned techniques.
Starting Castiel’s bike without keys is a simple matter, and Dean is on the road within a matter of minutes.  During the ride, there is no anxiety, no fear over leaving his comfort zone, even though he only notices the lack in passing.  His thoughts are occupied, planning the best way to get Cas home without making his headache worse.  He’d grabbed a bottle of Excedrin before he left, but he already knows the offer will be refused.
Castiel’s eyes had slipped shut without his knowledge, his attention too focused on the hands sliding over his skin.  When he opens them he tilts his head down to see that Dean has knelt down by his feet.  He watches Dean’s hands swipe closer and closer to his groin, where heat and tension is pooling, and he sees his cock respond by thickening and standing out from his body.
“Perfect,” Castiel murmurs again.  He pours more lube onto his fingers as he slowly fucks them in and out, pushing it inside and getting Dean more than wet enough for the toy.
over every olfactory organ he has.
It’s not what Castiel expected to hear, and certainly not what he hoped for.  “Oh, I see.”
Dean to come after him.  And suddenly Castiel hopes against hope that Dean will leave him behind.  Ride back down the mountain, get Sam, and ride away as fast and hard as they can.
“Oh for hell’s sake, Rufus!” Another older man with a scruffy beard and a trucker cap stomps out of the office.  “Jesus, I don’t even know why I bother paying you.  Go find something productive to do.”
“Awesome,” Dean says with a grunt, as Castiel’s weight nearly tilts them too far forward on their way down the stairs into the bunker’s living quarters.  “Well at least it’s easier to talk to you when your power is low.” He side-eyes Castiel at the bottom of the stairs.  “Although you should have plugged in for the drive.”
He sees the concern every time Dean looks at him.  Every time the truck hits a bump in the road he winces in sympathy.  And even though the argument is over, he can practically hear Dean telling himself to keep his mouth shut about the pills.
Castiel frowns.  “I don’t understand.  Didn’t you make me this way?”
“Is that good enough?”
She waits on the curb while Sam loads his gear in the back of the truck.  When he’s done, he wraps her in a hug, lifting her off her feet.  She laughs, her head tilted back as she kicks lightly at Sam’s shins, but she gives in quickly and lets him kiss her goodbye.  They’re both smiling like dumb kids in love when he finally releases her, setting her gently back on her feet and placing one more kiss on top of her head before turning to climb into the Bronco’s back seat.
“Jesus, you are such an asshole,” Sam mutters.  Louder he says “you’re not exactly subtle.”
A hand on his shoulder pulls his attention away from the mountains where he’d both gained and lost something precious.  Sam’s sympathetic look needles him, silently begging him to talk.
And then he loses the gift of coherent thought when Castiel’s hands slip down further, delving between his thighs.  Strong fingers spread him open to the water, which feels almost cool against his feverish skin.  Dean rocks his hips again, whining at the almost there touch of Castiel’s fingertips against his rim and the way his own cock drags through the  hair on Castiel’s groin.
Before Sam can respond, Ellen comes around to take their order.  “What’ll you boys have this morning?”
Relief floods through Dean, leaving his head spinning and his fingers trembling.  “Great!” He lets out a shaky laugh that he’s too happy to be embarrassed over.  “Can I pick you up around eight?”
“Great,” Chuck says, and his smile is kind.  “See you soon, then.”
Dean’s hands stroke over Castiel’s torso, teasing both nipples before coming to rest on his hips and pulling them hard against Dean’s own.  Castiel can feel the evidence of Dean’s need, just as he’d felt it that storm-filled night on the desert.
Bluebonnets.
Only when Castiel sets a full plate of pancakes in front of him does Dean finally look at him properly.  His slow smile challenges the sunrise for beauty. He sneaks an arm around Castiel’s hips and gives a sharp tug, upsetting his balance until he’s forced to sit down on Dean’s thighs.  At least he waited until the pancakes were safely on the table.
Human corpses are plentiful in the dump even though law dictates they should be cremated.  But most of the bodies tossed in the trash aren’t meant to be found, and worse laws than improper disposal are being broken.  Which is why he’s not surprised to put his hand down on a bare thigh.  What does surprise him is the lack of teeth marks or decomposition.
Castiel doesn’t look at Dean as he straightens his clothes.  He runs his fingers through his hair several times, leaving it a tangled mess when he drops his hands and rolls his head on his shoulders.
Dean pulls Cas hard against him, trying to absorb his heat, the life and vitality that are so innately a part of him.  His hands slip down to Cas’ hips, pulling him even closer, molding their bodies together.  His mouth closes over Castiel’s again, making love to him with lips and tongue and teeth, in all the ways his body wants to.
He wants to scream at CAs.  To call him every kind of fool.  To force him to understand what he’s going up against.  His fingers bit into Cas’ flesh.  There will be bruises, and the thought of leaving his mark on this surprisingly resilient man makes his mouth go dry despite the rain still running down his face.
Technically she isn’t his partner anymore, not while he’s on leave.  But the bonds of friendship they’d developed by working together are far stronger than anything professional.  And he really had been intending to call her too, especially after Rowena’s encouragement about his interest in Dean.  If anyone would be interested in the new developments in his love life, it’s his nosy best friend.
He’s looking in the wrong direction, so he doesn’t see the shifter pull a knife.  Castiel squeezes the trigger, filling the tunnel with what is probably ear-splitting noise.  The shifter’s head jerks back as the bullet sheers into its forehead, and then its whole body slumps to the ground.
Castiel slides his hand down over his abdomen until his fingers dip into the curly hair around his groin.  “What do you want me to do?”
There’s a slight stirring from behind the desk, and a shifting of shadows as the mysterious client comes around to stand in front of it.  There’s something odd about the way he moves.  He sits on the edge of the desk, and speaks in a gruff whisper.  “I’m looking for someone.”
“It explains about your pending pardon, and that we’re after Alistair White and he’s with the Comancheros.  Also…” his voice trails off.
The faint ripple of a girl’s laughter carries on the warm night breeze.  It comes from the east end of the main cabin, along with a voice Castiel recognizes.
It’s just a list of locations, and Sam doesn’t take long to figure out what they are by the names.  “Why are you giving me a list of brothels?”
“Naw.” Dean grins and bounces the spark plug on his palm a couple times before pocketing it.  Grabbing his ratchet, he goes back to work pulling the rest of them out.
“No, don’t,” Castiel murmurs.  “Your flame poses no danger to me.”
“I’m glad.” He leans down and kisses Dean lightly.  No hanky panky, just a peck.  Which is a little disappointing, but also a little nice.  “Thank you, Dean.”
Even warm, the water is delicious on his parched tongue.  He sighs his relief as he lowers and recaps it.  “Thank you, Sam,” he says as he hands it back.
“It wasn’t actually.” Dean shifts until his chin is pressed against Castiel’s shoulder.  “Hell, I barely registered that I was going anywhere, except to where you were.  Because you needed me.”
The thing about Heaven is that Angels, Chuck’s monstrous First Children, call it home.
The Marshal and his brother agree with reluctant nods.
There’s something swelling inside his chest, something almost too big to think about.  But he knows it’s there because of Castiel.  It already feels bigger and more absolute than what he’d felt for Lisa.  And he thinks maybe, just maybe, he’s going to learn exactly what love feels like if he’s not careful.
“They look much like those,” she says, nodding toward the rosary wrapped around Castiel’s wrist.
“If this is just about sex, Cas, you’re perfect the way you are,” Dean says just as quietly.  “You’re perfect
Dean doesn’t wake, and fear clutches at Castiel’s heart.  He puts his ear on Dean’s chest and takes comfort from the rapid beating of his heart.  Lying there with his arms around Dean, Castiel gives in to tears that he’s been fighting against for days.
Dean responds as he moves to follow Martin deeper into the under city tunnels.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean grins.  “Me too, buddy.”
As they’d ridden into the valley, he’d counted seven men including Alistair and the Comancheros who’d brought him here.  He’d spotted two in the rocks above, rifles cradled in their arms as they watch the entrance to the valley.  Another had ridden out of the valley, probably to relieve one of the spotters.  The last one is an Indian, perhaps Apache.  He’d taken their horses when they arrived.
Castiel reaches up and runs the tip of his finger down Dean’s rouged cheek and across his bottom lip which is shiny and pink with lip gloss.  The eyeliner and mascara Alex had applied for him makes the green of his eyes even more pronounced.  “Yes.  It’s you.”
, and a lot more clever than the background Sam created for himself.
Dean stares at Cas’ bowed head and feels like a good for nothing scoundrel for making him doubt himself.  “No, Cas,” he says as he lowers himself down to crouch next to him.  “I’m definitely not disappointed in you.”
“He’s ex-military,” he points out.  “I’m pretty sure his record is clean.”
Dean’s voice comes deep and soft from where his own bedroll is laid out nearby.  “Blisters?”
“Do you have enough money?” Dean asks.  “I can scrape up some credits if you need them.  Or I bet if you call Chuck--”
” Benny’s smile is all sharp teeth.  “I’m sure you remember what I told you the last time we talked?”
The man squirms, tugging his robe tighter around himself.  “Sort of?” His eyes flick from Castiel to Jimmy. “What’s going on?”
Castiel tries to smother his annoyance with the girl.  “Has he awakened yet?”
Cesar smiles slyly, and Dean realizes that Ellie isn’t the only one who sees right through him.  “I believe I can find you one. Use mine. He can run like the wind and you’ll need him to catch up with Castiel.”
“Castiel, this is my brother Dean,” Sam says, gesturing for Dean to come closer.  He casts Dean a look that says
Dean tries to hold back his amusement at Cas as he wanders away.  “Don’t go far!” he calls.  “Holler if you need help!
Dean’s body stiffens, and his voice is flat.  “And you’ve never been able to do that before.”
The priestess bonds them together with a rope of pure gold wrapped loosely around their clasped hands.  She repeats the sacred ritual in three languages, including sign.  And when she announces them Bound, the torches and the bonfires roar higher, adding more noise to the cheering of the gathered crowd.
“Cas--” Dean stops when Castiel shakes his head.
Now that he’s taken care of that business, he walks toward the corral, confident that Ellie will have a talk with Amara about her behavior.
“Dean.”  Castiel puts a hand on his shoulder.  The skin is cold, but the flesh underneath is solid and warms quickly under Castiel’s palm.  “What happened was unexpected, but not…” He swallows nervously, unsure whether it’s wise to give voice to these thoughts.  “It was not unwanted,” he admits.  “And for my first experience, I found it very enjoyable.”
Dean grunts.  It might be a laugh, but it’s hard to tell.  “I’m not going to be craving burgers for a while, I can tell you that much.”  He bares his teeth in a rictus smile.
When there is no immediate reply, his frown deepens.  He slowly approaches the desk.  “Mr. Pinkerton informed me you are in need of our agency.”
“It was an ambush.  Someone had a rocket launcher.” He speaks slowly, forcing each word past the lump growing in his throat.  “It hit things just right that the truck I was riding went up in flames.” Talking about the explosion makes him think of the people who hadn’t been able to escape the truck, and his mind skitters away from the memory of their faces.  “Not sure what mangled my knee, but I managed to get free and drop and roll, but not before getting crispy.”
With a gentle touch, he pulls lightly at the skin of Cas’ bottom, checking for needles.  There are a few pinkening spots where he appears to have gotten a light poke, but the denim of his pants was enough to protect him from the worst of it.  Still though, he runs the pads of his fingers lightly over the flesh to make sure there aren’t any needles that he can’t see.
He can go without for now.  It’s just a coffee shop.  He has no idea how long Cas and Hannah will need to work out whatever it is she’s there for, but if he gets too antsy he can come straight back.
“Go get him, tiger!” she calls after him.
Castiel grips his hips with both hands now, forcing him to stop moving.  “Hold still.”
The air is knocked from Castiel’s lungs when he hits the ground, and the sharp pain in his ribs doubles when the dead man lands on top of him.  His weight crushes Castiel, and makes it impossible for his to catch his breath.
The gears in Dean’s brain finally notch into place and he realizes that he’s left Castiel hanging.  He reaches for Castiel, hooking a hand around his hip and pulling him closer.  “I’ll return the favor.”
.  He can and absolutely will switch, but he loves being filled.  The idea of Castiel being inside him sends his heart galloping, and he’s more than half tempted to drag Castiel out of there and beg for a demonstration.
Castiel hesitates when his mother asks him if he’ll run things for a little while.  Jody had given him a few weeks leave, despite the fact that he hasn’t been working for her very long.  He’s trying to build a life there, and he doesn’t want to commit to anything in Boston that will take him away from that.  He hedges around an answer, saying he’ll keep an eye on things for a few days without making any solid promises.
“I see.”
“We must get him to the rancho.”
Dean snorts a laugh.  “It’s got a lot of names.”
“I wish we had some,” Dean counters.  “Might be able to wash the nasty out of my mouth.”
Or maybe he just knows how Dean ticks.
He’s clearly embarrassed by the topic, but concerned enough to ask anyway.  Castiel smiles at this confirmation that Sam cares about him.  “I enjoy what I do with Dean.  Just not physically.  It is the intimacy that I enjoy, as well as giving Dean the pleasure I do not feel.  When he is exhausted and oversensitized and-”
It doesn’t seem to help though.  As they eat, sitting cross legged on the bed, Dean seems to pull into himself.  He doesn’t enthuse over the pie again, just eating it slowly and steadily.  In small bites, like he doesn’t really want to eat it, but is pushing through.
He whirls to face Sam.  “Dean has been arrested!”
Castiel really shouldn’t be amused at Winchester's expense.  The way his mouth hangs open as he tries to work through his shock is not only gratifying, because Castiel has finally given the outlaw a taste of his competence, but it’s also just funny.  Impulse makes him reach out and place a finger under Winchester's jaw. Very gently he nudges it closed.
His relaxed position as he stares back at Castiel with mossy green eyes is deceiving.  Every muscle and tendon is tensed, as if he might spring forward at any moment.  There’s a predatory power about him that is both frightening and fascinating.
After dismissing Castiel, the man’s eyes had fastened on Dean’s back, but now they swing back, brimming with contempt.  “Dean Winchester is a wanted man, and I’m taking him in for the reward.”
Sand crunching under a boot sends all thoughts of Cas flying, and Dean’s weapon is up and cocked in an instant.  When he sees the silhouette of his giant of a brother in the moonlight, he sighs and eases the hammer back into its resting position.  “You’re as bad as Cas,” he grumbles as he lowers the gun.  “Gonna get your ass shot.”
“I know.  I’ll get you home.”  He hopes that his condo will be a good enough substitute for Dean’s usual safe spaces.  Digging out Dean’s prescription, he opens the bottle and shakes one out into his palm.  “I just need you to calm down a little bit.  Will you take one of these for me?”
His hand shakes when he lifts it.  Before he can take the box, Dean clears his throat and pulls the ring out for him.  Castiel doesn’t speak, but he takes the ring and holds it between the fingers of both hands.  Inside, he can see an inscription.
“Now you’re just being childish,” Castiel accuses while grinning widely.  He wiggles closer until Dean can feel simulated breath on his face.
“No.”
His disgruntlement paired with the mental image of a shorter, but slightly rounder Sam makes Castiel laugh.  “I’m assuming that means he’ll always see me as a greenhorn?”
thought it possible.  Not with his newfound knowledge of hunting, and exorcisms, and the Colt that can kill anything.  The desire for justice had been too strong, too deep.
“I just stopped in town for a meal.” He keeps his face turned toward her so she can read his lips while he loads quarters into the machine.  “Decided to stay for the night and take care of some laundry while I’m here.”
Dean barely hears him.  All his focus is on Castiel.  He’s stared at Castiel for hours upon hours over the last few weeks, cataloguing the differences between the old and the new.  This new face seems younger, the skin smoother and lighter, his lashes thicker.  But his cheekbones and lips and the curve of his jaw, before it was hidden under a beard, are unchanged.  In all that time Castiel has appeared to be sleeping peacefully, not a twitch or a spasm in sight.
Dean’s eyes go wide, and the air freezes in his lungs.  “You have?” he squeezes out.
A vague memory from something he read surfaces.  If Dean won’t breathe on his own, Castiel can try to breathe for him.
“--for freedom,” Sam finishes.
For a long moment, Michael is quiet.  But his fingers curl until he’s holding Castiel’s hand in his own.  The pressure is weak, but the gesture is anything but.  “I know.” Michael’s voice is soft, and sounds so very tired that it makes Castiel’s throat ache.  He enunciates each word slowly and carefully, sounding more like himself than he has since his stroke. “I’m glad you’re alright too, son.”
He only has one thought.  Dale Guthrie has finally paid for his sins.
The smile Dean gives him is wry, his eyes shadowed with doubts.  He tilts his head back down on Castiel’s shoulder and they lie there in companionable silence, which is a mercy to Castiel’s aching head.
“You talked to him?” Dean asks quietly.  He ignores the weight of Sam’s stare.
Dean pats him again, and hopes the touch conveys how proud his of Sam’s current restraint.  He knows how difficult it is for him, being the only horseman who suffers when he doesn’t use his powers.  An eternity of addiction and starvation is a punishment he doesn’t deserve, and Dean would shoulder that pain for him if it were within his powers.  But he can only settle for helping Sam maintain his balance, by making sure he feeds often enough that he stays strong enough to keep his powers reined in.
Heat rushes into his cheeks when he realizes that this guy has probably seen what exactly is in that box.  It’s only slightly reassuring when he also blushes, all the way to his hairline.  At least Dean’s not alone in his mortification.
“If I don’t care about that for myself, why is it so important to you?”
“It was the first subject that came to mind.”
“Didn’t you feel like a man at sixteen?”  He nods when Dean grunts in reluctant agreement.  “Maybe you haven’t noticed, but she looks at
Castiel doesn’t see what Sam could consider dangerous about their surroundings.  In the heat of the day most folks have retreated into the relative comfort of the indoors.  The only people he sees hurrying along the boardwalks are intent on reaching shade, and hardly spare a glance for the strangers riding through their town.  But his rapport with the younger Winchester is good enough that he trusts Sam will give him the information he seeks later, as promised.  He nods his acceptance and they ride together in companionable silence.
“You’ll be running circles around me and Sam in no time,” Dean promises warmly.  “But you gotta walk before you can run, bud.”
“More than you could imagine.”
“Cas?” Dean prompts when he doesn’t say anything.
The yellow light flashes brighter.  So bright that Dean can see the outline of bones under the layers of Alistair’s clothing, skin, and flesh.  His jaw drops open, and the sickly light spills from between his lips.  His eyes glow with it.  It shines from the hole in his skull where the bullet had ripped through.
Naomi shoots up from her chair.  “What? That’s not true!”
Sam’s shoulders droop and he rubs a hand over his mouth.  His hand drops back to his side and he nods.  “Okay.  Alright, I’ll… see if I can get a few hours and then I’ll check back with you.”
Plus, with movies, he and Dean can enjoy them together.  Although there are still so many things that Dean has already seen, he says that he gets to vicariously experience them again for the first time when he watches them with Castiel.  And that is enough reason for Castiel to avoid spoilers.  Even movies that he feels ambivalent toward give him the opportunity to witness Dean’s delight.
“I beg your pardon?” Castiel is fluent in French, as it had been required in his schooling, but knows very little Spanish.  With as much time as he’s been spending in territories where the language is common, he really should make an effort to learn it.
“Chuck says he may be able to upgrade me so that I can feel pleasure from sex,” Castiel says, observing how Sam’s eyes widen in shock.  “I worry that changes to my software may affect my sentience, but Dean can be…” he pauses and scans his dictionary for terminology that will not illuminate Dean poorly.
Their lips meet in a kiss that is mostly greeting, with a tiny lick of heat.  Even after eons, the passion driving their relationship has hardly dimmed.  But Dean can sense that Castiel needs him for more than a quick fuck over the desk.  There’s a different need emanating from his skin.
“He’s our friend,” Sam says proudly.
He fights the churning in his stomach and the tightening in his throat.  They don’t know, have absolutely no idea, what this means.  Dean Winchester is the only man who can help him, and now he’s gone.
Butterflies.  He has fucking
Castiel connects some dots, and Sam takes the role as awesome brother again.
“Same place we were twenty years ago when it didn’t exist yet, I suspect,” Sam drawls.
There’s a soft grunt of disagreement.  “Little bit… was a rough night though.  The drive home wasn’t great, and I didn’t sleep very well without you.”
Dean isn’t sure he’s ever seen quite that shade of blue before.  Even in the dim interior of the jail, they remind him of sapphires, changing hue as the meager light hits them from different angles.  Then again, Dean has just had a near death experience, so everything appears sharper and more real than ever before.
“If I’d found you earlier--”
That comment catches him by surprise.  He pauses the motion to take another bite and gives her a questioning look.  “How do you know that?”
The words are muffled, and Sam isn’t sure they’re meant for him.  But he’s here, and he’s been witness to Dean’s behavior since Castiel came home from the hospital after Amara proclaimed him safe to do so.  “Because you love him.”
can’t afford it.
“Good,” Dean says brightly.  “Now what do you say to desecrating this desk?”
Once again Castiel feels like he’s been left behind in the conversation.  “I can handle myself quite well, I assure you.”
He could go find a food market to fill the little fridge.  Maybe get himself some soaps and towels for the bathroom.  Or he could start sifting through the overnet for a hunt.
He clears his throat, and the lump miraculously melts away under the wash of his conviction.  “Yeah, Cas.  I’d want that with you.”
“Do you think the man who gave it to him was a Hunter?” Cas asks.
A line of white, water filled blisters crosses Cas’ palm.  Some of them have broken open, revealing red raw skin underneath.  “I told you to get some gloves,” he snaps.  “A man can die of blood poisoning from something like this, Cas.”
Castiel’s fingers grip Dean’s almost painfully tight.  “That goes both ways.”
let him up.  But with the warm flesh under his hands, he takes the opportunity to look his fill since he doubts he’ll ever have the chance again after this.  He digs his fingers in gently, just enough to dimple the skin, and Cas makes a soft sound that could be protest or encouragement.  Dean goes completely still, but when Cas’ head falls forward between his shoulders he takes the submissive pose as permission to continue.
Castiel considers filling the tub with steaming water and soaking his aching body, but decides it isn’t the best idea.  Not when he might fall asleep and drown.  That would not be a great last impression to make on the man he’d just been flirting with.
Dean shoots Wyatt a lazy grin.  “With this pretty face?”
The rest of Sam’s lecture is just a bunch of
“Well I think it’s safe to say you’ve missed me,” Gabriel says long minutes after their breathing has evened out and their bodies have cooled.
It’s a subtle scent.  Rotten and sour, it seeps into his awareness, and he fights his way up from sleep.
“Why didn’t you say anything?” Dean grunts as he helps Cas stumble away from his horse.  He shoots a look at Sam, silently ordering him to take care of the animal, since Cas obviously won’t be able to.
He hadn’t expected Dean to also share his own vision.  He appreciates the consideration, and the show of reciprocal trust.  It’s probably illogical to be glad that his security protocols were wrong, but he does enjoy being able to function outside their parameters and make his own choices.  Sam had once described it as mastering his anxiety, which even a human would feel triumph over.
Castiel doesn’t seem tired either, although he’s obviously in the same lazy mood.  A half smile hovers on his lips, and his fingers are tracing shapes on Dean’s shoulder again.  His other hand pets up and down Dean’s body.  Along his arm, over his ribs to his hip.  Long fingers meet the waxy, gnarled skin under the tattoos, and instead of shying away, they explore further.
Some days he wonders if it would be better for his mental health to quit this place and go turn tricks.  Maybe he could find himself a sugar daddy who’ll appreciate his pretty lips and perky nipples.
The idea makes Dean’s hands shake, and he clenches them against his thighs to hide the reaction.
“May I ask you a question?” Castiel asks softly.
“Hey.”
Without checking to see if the brothers are following him, Castiel strides toward the glass doors of the building he was manufactured in, paying no heed to the pedestrians dodging around him.  The doors aren’t automatic, but take very little pressure to push inward, and then his footsteps join the generic rumble of humanity filling the large space.
“Hello, Dean.” Hell, his voice is even sexier when he’s out of breath from dancing.
With a growl, Castiel pushes Dean up against the wall next to the open door.  He reaches out to catch the edge of the door with one hand, and calls down the hall.  “You ladies make yourselves at home.  We’ll see you in the morning!”
She only manages to hold the blank mask for a second before a tinkle of delighted laughter breaks free.  “No, of course not.  I found you quite by accident, I assure you.” She lifts her coffee to bring it to his attention.  “I’m here for this.  I live nearby, and Castiel and I often met here before he moved away.” She tilts her head questioningly.  “Where is the dear boy?  I quite miss him.”
“Hello?” Jo calls from down the hall.
Motion catches his attention, and he turns his head on the pillow of his saddlebags.  He watches Dean sit up and rub both hands over his face.  After a moment, he roots around in his bags and comes up with a small metal rectangle that he lifts to his mouth.
He closes the door as silently as possible and sweeps his gaze across the room again as he tries to formulate a new plan.  His eyes pause on the bed.  Purple.  Like Pamela’s dress.  Could this be her personal quarters?  It seems likely, based on its location, size, and opulence.
Once again the crowd roars, stomping on their wooden benches until the stands visibly rattle, and Sam has to resist the urge to cover his ears.  Instead he adjusts his game volume and watches curiously as Dean gives the crowd a jaunty wave before patting his final opponent on the shoulder and turning to make sure the other knight he felled is okay too.  He gives her a friendly cuff to the arm as well before rounding to approach the Queen’s pavilion. His movements still look stiff, the only indication there’s something wrong since he’s still wearing his helmet, the eyeless faceplate down and covering any trace of his expression.
A light knock on the door pulls Sam’s attention away from the news bulletins scrolling past too quickly to physically read.  He waves away the hologram, but keeps his software searching for hints of unsolved cases that might require a more thorough investigation.
Even without his security protocols active, it is still somewhat difficult to step away from the safety of the Winchesters at his side.  But Castiel puts one foot in front of the other, until he’s able to sit down in the chair in front of Chuck.
The alley is a dead end, and it has to go back the way it came.  But while it was struggling with Castiel, Dean had caught up and now blocks its path to freedom.  Castiel meets Dean’s eyes over the rugaru’s shoulder, and with his duel vision sees himself looking back.  But then Dean’s gaze is back on the rugaru, because it’s decided that rushing him is the only chance to escape.
Aaaand that’s enough of that.  “You should probably take a break, Cas,” he says.  “That shit’ll give you nightmares.”
“Dick.” Dean punches Cas lightly in the shoulder and they share an amused look.
Dean coughs and waves dust away from his face.  He’s still struggling to see when he hears a commotion from the front of the jailhouse.  He hears Gordon shout for Roy and Walt.
a sex bot, but the thought is gone as soon as it appears.  Castiel is far more valuable for his sentience, and Dean wouldn’t have him any other way.
“Indeed.” Castiel pulls the now full carafe out of the machine and fills both of their mugs.  He grabs the jar of honey and gestures at the table.  When they’re settled across from each other he adds a generous serving to his coffee before passing the jar to Sam.  “Have you seen Jack this morning?”
It seems ironic for someone like Dean Winchester to worry about a lack of law and order, but he doesn’t point it out.  Instead he reminds Dean “Except for that sheriff from Las Cruces.”
“Were you and Sam planning on killing it when we found it?”
“Come, we’ll share a drink,” Cesar says.
They reach the edge of the environmental dome, and the car shakes slightly as the wind buffets it.  Castiel keeps his eyes trained outside although there’s very little to see besides dirt fields and barely there hills.  Dean is trying to decide how to broach the subject of Castiel possibly being built for more than sex, when Castiel breaks the silence.
A sliver of hope returns to the boys eyes.  “I’ve… heard stories about him.”
All the muscles under his hands tense, and Dean lifts his head.  His eyes still look damaged, although the red is starting to recede as nanobots slowly repair the broken blood vessels.  They flicker back and forth as he stares at Castiel from up close.  “Really?”
Dean shudders and reaches out to touch him.  He’s still warm, which doesn’t really ease Dean’s sudden disquiet.  The only thing that probably will is getting him charged up again so that he’ll be able to power back up and walk and talk like a real man again.  Another reason to hurry the fuck up and get home.
“What if you start missing home?” Dean asks, completely unplanned.  But it’s an obstacle they may need to face eventually.  Might as well rip that bandaid off now.
“I’m not in danger of passing out,” Castiel says.  When he notices Dean’s grin, he sighs.  “Figure of speech.”
“A finger-” he kisses Castiel then, licking inside his mouth, “a tongue-” Castiel gasps at the wicked image Dean’s words create for him, “or a cock,” Dean finishes roughly.
“It’s a good thing we’re not on the city power grid,” he mutters, more to himself than to the android.  “Charging you every day would probably cost a fortune.”
Together they watch, and together they move.  Dean’s hands clutch at Castiel’s arms, his shoulders, his hips, always moving.  Castiel keeps his hands and knees planted firmly against the mattress to give himself leverage.  They shift and rock together like they’re fucking, but without either penetrating the other.
He’s surprised to find the idea intriguing.  The warm soak the previous day, and last night’s soft bed have done wonders for his tired body.  There was a time, mere weeks ago, when he thinks that he may have never ridden a horse again if given the opportunity.  But now, he’s eager for some exercise. And the solitude would be nice. “I’d like that,” he says. “Thank you.”
“Dean.”
Castiel is silently grateful, even though he knows that Black Eyes’ absence does nothing to lessen the danger he’s in.
“Why don’t we cross over tonight?” Castiel asks.  “There’s still plenty of daylight.  We might as well cover as much distance as possible.”
Cas chews at his bottom lip for a few heartbeats, casting looks heavy with consideration between Sam and Dean.  Then he opens the book and flips to a page near the center.  “This is my brother’s journal,” he says so softly that Dean barely hears him over the crackle of flames and the cricket song filling the night air.
Dean makes a small noise of want and frustration, and it’s so familiar that Castiel’s body responds with a rush of heat.  “I want you to come home and let me ride your cock.”
Alistair had possessed Dean.  And Sam had become addicted to demon blood in order to save him.  He must have exorcised Alistair from Dean, so he wouldn’t have to kill them both with the Colt.
“I don’t want you to sacrifice your health and end up in the room next door,” she says firmly.  “You’re exhausted.  Go get some rest, and come back when you look a little more human.”
--Dean to fuck him.  “Please,” he whispers into the tiny gap between their lips.
He mustn't noticed his presence. Dean sat down beside him. He placed a shoulder on him, Cas jolted up. Eyes filled with tears and full of fear. He was a bloody mess. Dean smiled and reached over to hug him.
Dean smirked but he felt butterflies all over his stomach. This will be a long crazy scenery.
Dean can't believe what he's seeing. He felt
An experiment, it says. Dean thought for a moment if he should answer it or not. Then again, it was peculiar. However, maybe it was a project. So, he decided to reply,
Sam pushed Jess away and found out that Gabriel stormed off. "I'm sorry, Jess. I'll be back. I have to take care of something." He said and followed Gabriel.
---------
"What's going on?" Dean said with his deep baritone voice.
He jolted right away and came face to face with Cas. Their faces were merely inches apart. Dean could see the bluest eyes Cas had. He could even smell his breath, peanut butter. He didn't notice that Cas had his arm around his torso. His shirt was lifted a bit and he could feel the heat coming from Cas' hands. Both not knowing what to do, just staring at each others eyes. Suddenly, one of them gaze at one's lips.
Cas let go and wiped his tears. "I'm sorry, Dean. I wasn't thinking straight."
"But Dean—" Sam was cut off.
Cas stood there and tried to think. On the other hand, Dean was raising his arms. He wanted to help Cas and also answer the question. Though, for a second, maybe Cas didn't need his help.
Dean just shrugged and walked ahead of Cas. Not letting him see the blush that crept up to his cheeks. He was getting attached and attracted to this guy.
Dean rolled his eyes. If he only knew their father was the one beating him. "Thanks for the help, Cas. You don't need to do this for me."
Cas tilted his head.
The coach huddled around and tried waking him. Even poured him cold water, nothing happened. "Someone call the nurse!"
Everyone in the group nodded. Dean stayed put, he was so nervous.
Sam looked up and faced Dean. It was clear on his face that he was angry. He doesn't want anyone to beat up his older brother. It was somehow his fault why their dad left. "Okay, I'm sorry. This-this is all my fault. I never should've told him." He started tearing up.
Oh Romeo, oh Romeo. Where art thou, Romeo? Deny thy father and refuse thy name; or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, And I'll no longer be a Capulet."
"C'mon, Dean. At least we have friends now." Sam smiled at him.
He stood up and rubbed his face, "Fuck you, Dean. You know I liked you, you fucking know everything. You know that I'm gay, you fucker! You're my bestfriend and why— fuck you! this is bullshit." He continued, "Like me? If you did, you won't shove those things all over my fucking face! Jesus! I can't believe you."
"What? Can't a football player be a book lover?"
Slowly but surely, he placed a finger. Scared that there might be a prick or even an insect inside. He gasped when his finger touched something. He placed another finger. The thing was a bit soft, like a paper. He removed his finger and decided to grab whatever is in there.
Dean was confused. "What?"
"About-" Dean was cut off when Meg called out for them.
"I don't know, okay! I just... I'm scared?" Sam sighed.
"Hey, blue eyes. Didn't know you were hotter and sexier than what Dean told me." Charlie winked.
Cas just stared at her. Not even one tear or fear was seen. The girl wasn't satisfied and stepped closer to him. "Why just can't you be straight? There's a lot of girls drooling over your rainbow ass."
Meg must've knew what Cas was thinking. Of course, who wouldn't want to kiss Dean Winchester? When he went to the party all he could think about was Dean.
"Hey, Jess." Sam smiled at her. "Guys, it's Jess."
"Are you and Gabriel a thing now?" Dean asked.
"No, it isn't breaking apart." Kevin said.
After he kept the note, he went out and waited Sammy at his Impala.
They knew how hard life is. They won't let anyone bring them down this time. Not even their own dad.
Everyone already chose Hell. Meg decided to now choose Heaven. She spinned the bottle and it pointed to Cas. "Alright, Clarence. It's Heaven time!"
"BenCutio? Really, Charles? You always ship everyone." Dean rolled his eyes.
He adjusted his glasses and went to the window. He told the administrator his name and started filling up forms. When he was done, he looked at his back and Sam was sitting a bit too close to Gabriel but, there was another guy. He has this sex hair, he's body was indeed muscular. You can see the muscles beneath his black shirt. He has this pink thin and chapped lips. Oh, there's also a trench coat lying around on the other side of his body. He was playing around with Sam and Gabriel but he glazed his eyes towards Dean.
Alright, He was actually drooling.
"I hope so."
After some minutes. They became silent, they were still waiting for the nurses to come out and tell them that Cas was okay.
Sam wiped his tears and hugged Dean back. This new life was something he needed. Dean might not be affected, but he is sure that here in Kansas he'll be good as new. Dean went back to his seat and finished his meal.
"Of course we are. We're just busy."
"Lord Montague, Lady Montague, Lady Capulet, Lord Capulet. Romeo Montague, Juliet Capulet, Benvolio Montaque, Mercutio Escalus, Tybalt Capulet, Friar Lawrence, Nurse, Rosaline, and Paris. I added the other characters. Juliet said the lines,
Dean laughed,
"WHAT KIND OF FATHER ARE YOU!" he punched and punched until Chuck almost lost his senses.
He held Cas' hands, he intertwined their fingers and he kissed the back of Cas' hand. "Damn, Cas. I don't wanna lose you. You matter to me. Wake up, please." He stared at his closed eyes.
Cas was about to say something when Dean cut him off. "Don't say sorry. Don't mention this. Don't be a fucking asshole."
"You know, to be honest with you? I really want us to be okay. I really thought you were mad at me but when I saw you like this? It hurts here." Dean pointed at his heart.
Dean thought that Sam had a crush on Gabriel. However, that 'thought' was just a thought. He was shocked when there's a girl that went up to their table. "Saaaammmm."
"Well, well, well." He said when he saw Cas at the door.
He locked Dean's head between his arms and kissed him roughly. Dean kissed back. This compared nothing like Lisa's. He licked Cas' lips and he granted access. They kept fighting for dominance and Cas won.
"Yes! Ever since he bumped into me!"
Between those walks, Dean got the chance to know Cas very well. He wasn't that talkative. In reality, he was a bit intimidating but then he was funny when giving out jokes. Whether it's a flirt or a corny one.
"I know that you can't hear me. I know you are mad but please, when you wake up. I want you to listen to me, okay? Let me explain." He continued.
"What happened? Why—why would he do it to Cas?" Sam sincerely asked.
Dean and Cas stiffened at their seats. Did they heard that right? Everyone was rooting for them except for of course, Lisa and Balthazar.
The warm water splashed all the way down to his body. He closed his eyes and felt the water making him feel relaxed. When he was done shampooing and rubbing his body in soap, he washed it all off and grabbed a towel. He got out of the bathroom and Sam was still asleep. The alarm was on snooze, meaning Sam will be awake in any minute. He opened up their cabinet and wore his AC/DC shirt. He grabbed the nearest pants and placed them on. He walked out to their room and headed to the kitchen.
"Huh?"
He must admit that he was now falling for Dean. The bullies were a bit gone because of him and that's also one of the reasons he fell hard for his bestfriend. Unfortunately, he knew Dean was straight. He just couldn't tell him he liked Dean, right? That's why he decided to avoid him. It is hard for Dean was almost his world. But he couldn't live for the thought that Dean might leave him because he likes him. He wouldn't risk that.
Sam remembered, "I won't, Dean. I'm 100% sure about this. Don't you trust me?"
Cas as always, the outgoing person that he was. Started spinning the bottle.
~~~~~~~
Dean thought. He looked around that maybe someone will come up and tell him, 'Hey! You saw it! Congratulations, you've been pranked!' but there was none. He stared at the hole again.
"Dean..." Cas started.
Dean stopped and his jaw fell. Their library was huge. It looked like a mansion. Notice that exaggeration.
"Really, Dean? Or are you trying to impress Cas?" He chuckled.
"Heya, Dean. Nice to see your greenest eyes beneath those glasses." He chuckled.
"Okay, That's enough chitchat. We're heading to the office now. Nice seeing you, dude." Dean got into their conversation.
"Why'd you think of that?" Dean asked.
Dean smirked, "Number?"
After an hour or two. A nurse finally went to them, "Family of Castiel Novak?"
Cas chuckled, "Me too, Charlie. Dibs on Benvolio!"
Of course, Dean can't resist those eyes. He nodded and he actually agreed to Sam. It's different now, they're away from all the bullies and this will be the start of their new life. He wasn't going to let others bring him down again. After all, he's all tough and he must protect Sam at all cost.
"No! It's my fault. If I didn't—fuck it! Damn, I'm such an asshole." Dean said.
Gabriel and Sam looked at each other.
"Jesus Christ." He stood up and rubbed his head.
The Novaks and Winchesters were nowhere to be found. They split their ways. Gabriel and Sam went to the field while Cas and Dean went to the library, most likely Dean suggested it.
"I'm sorry. I thought it was best for you. I don't want them to hurt you. "
"I'm-I'm so, so, sorry." He whimpered.
"Bitch."
Cas chuckled. Dean was still in awe, he didn't notice how well-looking and smart Cas is. Maybe his first impression was wrong. Cas wasn't like everybody else. He was unique and different. A good kind of different. He might be a football player but he was excellent in his academics.
Charlie was now fangirling. She already ships them. It was pretty obvious. She's seen it before. Dean was like his brother, he tells almost everything to her. She knew how Dean reacted and moved when he liked someone. The current adjustment of his glasses, tapping fingers, lips parted, all of it. She've seen it before and today, she's seen it again. She was happy that Dean had finally someone to cherish. Hopefully, it will last long.
"What?"
"I won't do it, Meg. Dean's straight as fuck." Cas said.
He might've thought that Cas was jealous or perhaps he liked him. After all, he did admit he was gay. The game went on but Dean didn't even feel anything about the making out session with Lisa. Well, for Lisa, it was a dream come true.
Since the time where that girl, Jess, started to hang-out with Sam. Dean didn't even know if they're together or not. After all, he must admit that he's been with Cas all the time.
He looked around and he saw no one actually staring at him. He shook his head.
That comment made her tense. Then, she suddenly kissed Cas. She ran her hands on his hair. Almost grinding on him. However, Cas was staying still, eyes open wide.
All the way to their classroom. There's a lot of things running around his mind.
He wanted to touch the book but he was afraid to do so. He looked closer at the perfect circle, there was a word carved outside it.
He wasn't gay at the very least because for sure his dad wasn't going to like it if he was. He looked at Sam and he chuckled. He ran to catch up with Gabriel. Dean shook his head in defeat and started jogging up to join them.
He was cut off when Dean kissed him.
Dean decided not to tell his name yet. What if he was talking to a serial killer or perhaps someone who's possessed. Seeing this kind of magical things still made him uncomfortable. He read all about magic things but of course, those are just fictional books.
The whistle was heard and everyone stood and lined up into rows. Dean was at the back hoping he wouldn't be the team leader. He hated dodgeball.
Charlie must've sensed Cas' annoyance and started writing on a sheet of paper.
Cas cried on his shoulder. Grateful that Dean was there, scared that Dean might not forgive him.
I remembered writing this because Osric Chau replied to me on Twitter aaaaaaaaaaa
"I know you haven't read TSOA but don't be like Achilles, alright? Anyway, why you look so dumdum this whole week?"
"Yes, you are. One, for hurting my brother. However, it's not your fault our dad beats him to death. It was dad's fault." Gabriel said.
"Then, what did you do?" Dean asked.
After a couple of minutes, Dean heard someone, specifically a person who's calling him.
Weeks passed and things got better. Dean made a lot of friends. He did excel in his academics. No bullies, no dad, no problems. He hoped it'll stay that way. However, life wasn't all about rainbows. People had to deal with conflicts in one's moment of time.
"See ya later, Samsquatch! And Dean." Gabriel said and walked away.
"Hmm, good. We gotta talk."
It was still there. Then, there was someone at his back. "Ah!"
Cas kissed down on Dean's jaw. "So perfect." he continued up and down his neck and jaw. Slightly leaving marks. He stopped and looked at Dean's eyes. "Look at me." He said, voice huskier.
"Don't come near me, Dean. Fuck it! I—I'm so fucking stupid for falling for you when all you can give to me is friendship." He stared at Dean with tears falling down his cheeks. "God, I've never been this stupidly in love. " He said and walked out.
"So sexy." He said in between kisses.
There was a book and a hole.
Dean lifted his eyebrow,
"You felt like running away? Why?" Dean said confused.
However, he might not like having Cas. It'll be a huge trouble if he goes on with his stupid thoughts. Though, he did wish he could be someone else other than the Dean who only knew how to fight back and read.
He tried standing up but failed to, Dean held him tighter. Not wanting to let go. "I won't let that happen, Castiel. Come on."
"I was wondering if you—" He was cut off by another person.
Dean looked at her. Her name was Hannah, everyone knew how head over heels she was to Cas. She'll sell her soul to him. Dean felt a bit disgusted, it's a bit weird for a girl to push herself towards a guy who didn't even like her.
They stopped and they finally arrived at the University. As usual, they walked side by side. They checked their schedules and started to split their ways. Dean somehow stopped Sam at his tracks, "Sammy!"
Dean just smirked. Cas looked at him with a helpless emotion. He wasn't sure but Dean just smiled at him. "Cas, I'm bi."
"Not really, I was just afraid of something. "
Dean and Cas were together. Sam and Gabriel came along too. As well as Charlie, with another friend named Kevin. They talked about a lot of things. Still, all Cas could think about was Dean. He was concerned about him. Every time he bit on his sandwich, he'd looked at Dean and see if he'd flinch or rub his head. Not even minding the giggly stare Charlie was giving him.
---------
He looked closer.
Dean felt confident now that him and Cas were okay. He understood the situation now. "Alright, I promise. But! You have to promise me that you'll tell everything to me. I won't leave you, Cas." he smiled.
Class ended so slowly. Dean and Sam went to the impala. They had a rough and good days, still it was a good thing that they had friends by their side.
"Can we come?" Gabriel suddenly asked. Dean was wondering why Gabriel was so head over heels to his brother.
"Yeah?"
He stood up and whispered, "Don't worry, Dean. They are not like our Dad or my bullies. Gabe is pretty nice as well as Castiel. Let's give them a shot." He gave Dean the cutest puppy eyes.
"Uh, thanks." Dean said.
"Answer my question. Since, you're too smart to not highlight the important scenes and listen to what I'm saying. So, Mr. Novak. Who are the main characters and kindly state what Juliet said when he called out to Romeo?"
"Is it a bad thing?" He chuckled.
"What did you do, Dean?" Gabriel slowly said. "What did you do?!"
Dean thought.
Dean!" Someone called out. Dean shook his head, even in his own mind they're fighting.
He was hiding at a corner, witnessing everything. He was wondering why Cas wouldn't fight back? He was strong, wasn't he? When those 3 men were finished. The girl went up to him. "Straight yet?"
Though, was Cas alright? He never mentioned the beating between the past few months. Is it why Cas was with the football team now? Or perhaps, Cas was ignoring him because someone told him so?
“I was making plenty of noise.”  Sam settles onto a nearby flattened rock and peers at Dean from under his fringe.  “You were thinking too loud to hear me.”
“You’ve disposed of others like me?” He asks.
“Oh he’s definitely distracted by Castiel.  You know how he gets when he’s got a new project.”
“Was someone asking for me?”
A sense of contentment fills him.  Dean’s breath is warm on his neck, and Castiel pulls him even closer.  He traces random patterns on Dean’s back, which Dean enjoy’s very much if the way he sometimes arches against the touch is any indication.
Jo uses the heels of her boots as brakes, so she doesn’t go far.  “Think damn hard.  You’re not the only one who’ll be miserable if he leaves.  The rest of us will have to deal with your mopey ass, so think of the big picture.”  Having said her piece, she hops up from the stool and goes back to the brake job she’d been working on, leaving him to his thoughts.
“If you’re gonna commune with nature until the sun goes down, you really oughta bundle up,” he grumps as he thrusts Castiel’s trench coat at him.
And hope that Gordon will let him out of his sight.  The man usually follows the law, but when it comes to finding Sam, he’s tenacious and ruthless.
Castiel also smiles in spite of their desperate situation.  “Very recently.  And thankfully they never bothered to search me for it.”  His smile fades slightly, and he looks away.  “Although I guess it would have done very little against Black Eyes.”
He’s right.  If he decides to stay here, Castiel can’t stop him, and he’ll be safe from the law here.  Assuming no more bounty hunters come looking for him, or that the greedy Las Cruces sheriff will give up on collecting his reward.  But Castiel knows something about Dean, and he uses it.  “You don’t want to stay in Mexico though,” he says softly.
He sounds sure of himself, and he’s already done so well, that Castiel believes him.  He presses one last hard kiss against Dean’s lips to let him know how proud he is, then sighs when he pulls away.  “Alright, the sooner I get into the office, the sooner I can leave and we can spend the rest of the day together.”
Prying his eyes open takes a herculean effort, and he’s nearly blinded by the overhead lights.  He squints against them until the his pupils cooperate and adjust, but there’s still an ache behind his eyes from the too bright illumination.  It also obscures his surroundings, and he’s not able to make out much other than stained ceiling tiles and bare walls.  And he can’t turn his head to take in more than that because there’s another strap across his forehead holding his head in place.
He finds their abandoned camp in an old cliff dwelling just after midday.  The remains of their campfire are still warm.
He stills, but he doesn’t release Dean or pull free of his body, waiting for the pulses of his climax to slowly fade away.  And then he carefully rearranges their bodies so they’re spooned together.  It’s almost the same position they’d been in for intercourse, but close in a different way.  He holds Dean against him, palm over his chest to measure the fading rhythm of his heartbeat, and tucks his knees up behind Dean’s to maximise skin contact.
Dean still pushes them hard, riding away from town until the stars dot the sky and making them rise again before the sun, but Castiel’s body no longer seems to be punishing him so harshly for long hours in the saddle.  He’s still exhausted and sore, but he’s either becoming accustomed to it, or his body has given up on the promise of rest.
“Uh, because you’re a
That fortitude escapes him now, as he faces the woman who stars in his most distressing memories.  She slips into his dreams, first digital and now analog, and he wishes he could erase her face and voice from every neuron in his mind.
Castiel rolls his eyes, but he’s still smiling fondly.  He stacks his hands on Dean’s chest and props his chin on them.  “So how long have you known?”
“In the meantime, maybe we can find something else to occupy your time.”  She maneuvers Castiel toward one of the poker tables with an open seat.
Knowing that he’s gotta find said robot before he can chicken out, he pushes himself back to his feet with a sigh.  His muscles are pleasantly warm from exertion, and he’s actually feeling pretty mellow from endorphins now that he’s not having a one man pity party over Castiel’s disappearance earlier.  Now he just feels like an idiot.
Dean turns his head against the seat’s headrest and smiles at Castiel.  “It’s your home too, Cas.”
With a bracing breath that turns into a pained groan, Castiel pulls himself into a sitting position.  He regrets it immediately and intensely, but is grateful that he’s at least able to move under his own power.  Walking will be a whole other problem, but he’ll deal with that when the time comes.  “Do you?” he asks Samuel with a raised brow.
He hasn’t seen signs of struggle or any blood in the snow.  No screams have echoed through the cold mountain air.  So Dean clings to hope.
Alistair only chuckles.  “You’ll sing for me when I want to you, pretty bird.  I wonder if your voice will be as lovely as Emmanuel’s?”
Dean blinks at the vehemence in Castiel’s voice, and he takes a closer look at him.  His shoulders are tight, and he avoids Dean’s gaze, like he’s waiting for a fight.  “All right,” he says calmly, in an attempt to put Castiel at ease, “You just look like you’re hurting pretty bad.”
Castiel hates it, but Dean
Which is about how long he lasts before he itches to return to Denver.
Based on his tone Castiel doesn’t believe that’s a good thing.  He cups Dean’s face with his other hand, nudges gently until Dean looks up at him.  “Please tell me what I can do to help.”
Gabriel blows a raspberry at him, and then waves him away.  “Alright, go play in the dirt.  I’ll catch you later.”  When Castiel starts the log off process, Gabriel adds “And hey.  Thanks.”
As they start across the street, Castiel tries to follow, but he’s stopped by one of Gordon’s men.
“The Federal Marshal thought so.”
Dean thinks.  The knot sitting heavy in his belly loosens, and suddenly the trembling he’d been expecting earlier overtakes him.
Castiel’s head tilts as he considers Dean’s words.  “I don’t understand the purpose of apologizing for something that you have no control over.”
Max watches Dean for a moment to make sure the shot is working.  “Do you feel like you need to go to the hospital, Dean?”
Dean tilts his head back on a laugh, and nudges Castiel with his shoulder.  “We were perfectly safe,” he says cheerfully.  “I come up here all the time.  And you can’t tell me the view isn’t worth it.”  He nods in the direction they’d come.
The beep of the heart monitor increases in speed.  Dean’s sure it’s somehow hooked up to him, measuring the gallop of his own madly beating heart.
The blisters and bruises don’t count.
Cesar’s stallion stands nearby, munching the tall grass.  Dean gives him a thankful pat on the neck for not running off with the other horses.  He gathers up the loose reins from where they drag on the ground, and brings him over to the fallen log where Cas still sits.
Dean cuts into the argument before Cas can get any steam behind it.  “It kills monsters, okay?  You want to go after Alistair, and he’s the worst kind.  Hell, he’s
Sam acknowledges his gratitude with a nod, and Castiel expects him to fall back in the line they usually ride in, but he stays at Castiel’s side.  “I’m sorry about your brother,” he says softly.
“I’m looking for Dean and Samuel Winchester,” he says.  “I’ve heard you might know where I can find them.”
Castiel leans forward and feathers kisses across Dean’s cheek and jaw.  “I want to,” he breathes into Dean’s ear.  “God, I want to fuck you so bad.  But we don’t have lube or condoms.”
“Cas!” It comes out as a whimper.
Castiel slows and looks down at his bare legs.  “Should I
“Hello, Baby,” he whispers.  “Isn’t it a beautiful night?”
Dean cuts him a sharp look.  It’s been a while since Sam has had any visions, but his ‘feelings’ can still be as accurate as premonitions.  Sam pulls out a machete and meets Dean’s questioning look with a grim one of his own.  Then he starts down the hill after Cas.
Castiel nods as if Dean’s words hold some profound meaning before he turns back to the light show. Dean also looks up, trying to imagine what the android sees in the display.  Mostly it’s background light and flashes of color to him, but now that he’s actually paying attention he can see the artistic flair in the designs.  He looks back down at Castiel, mouth open to continue the conversation, but he’s interrupted by a notification on his internal display.
to Dean, who just rolls his eyes heavenward as if asking for divine patience before mouthing
Alistair moves in again, close as a lover.  “I can see why Dean has claimed you for his own,” he murmurs.  “You’re magnificent.”
While he was sitting in jail, again, he'd had a lot of time to think.  Mostly he'd imagined creative forms of revenge to take on the Pinkerton agent, but he'd also spent restless hours mourning the loss of the Appaloosa.  There wouldn't be time to turn his meager funds into the several hundred dollars he'd need to buy her back before Cas dragged both of their asses out of town, and stealing her definitely wouldn't be an option.  Not with Cas hounding his heels.
Finally Wyatt makes a decision, and he slowly lifts his gaze to Castiel’s.  “I might know.”
“Alright, then let’s get the hell out of here and go home!” Dean says cheerfully.  He steps forward and drapes an arm over Castiel’s shoulder, leaning most of his weight on him.  “And get my jacket off that damn thing, Sam.  I swear to god, if the damn shifter ruined it…”
“It was a mugger,” he says on a sigh.  “We fought, and I broke his neck while I was defending myself.  I’ve got a scar where he knifed me during the fight.”  The words are cold and clinical.  A short list of events that changed his whole life.
“The battle of the Blood Moon,” Castiel surmises.
Sitting up, he scoops a hand around the back of Castiel’s neck and reels him in for a kiss.  He invades Castiel’s mouth, showing him just how eager he is for what’s about to happen.  When he pulls back, Castiel follows, trying to recapture his mouth in another kiss.  Dean chuckles darkly, but avoids him so he can answer Castiel’s question.  “I can take it,” he assures.
Not that either of them mind having a little bit of a disagreement.  They haven’t been together long enough to determine if they’re going to be the kind of couple who bickers, but if they do it’ll probably always be over medications.  Dean had finally convinced Castiel he might as well keep a bottle of over-the-counter painkillers with him while he’s on the job.  Being Purgatory’s new deputy doesn’t really keep Castiel all that busy, but a migraine sneaking up on him in the middle of a shift is not something he should be dealing with.
“Insurance, Jo,” Castiel says dryly.  “And I had a pretty big savings account when I took my leave.”
There are no solutions to the current situation in Castiel’s programming and he doesn’t know if he should do something for Sam, or rush to his room to better clothe himself.
Well, he can certainly try.
Blue eyes never waiver, but Jameson nods.  “By all means, Mr. Winchester. Make yourself presentable before the marshal gets here.” His voice raises, probably for Pamela’s benefit.  “And if she brings anyone else back other than the Marshal, I will absolutely shoot you.”
Dean bounces his eyebrows.  “I have dibs on checking its functions.”
“You’ll be back.”
With as worn out as Cas had been when they’d made camp last night, Dean is surprised to find him up.  Well, barely.  He’s still sitting in his bedroll, with his blanket draped around him.  But he looks alert and awake when he turns to watch Dean approach.
Like Dean said.  It doesn’t matter.
Dean seems to realize he’s got some catching up to do, and his fingers begin to move, stripping away the rest of his own clothing.  When he straightens, he stays where he is, giving Castiel a moment to look his fill as well.  An opportunity Castiel takes full advantage of.  Dean’s chest, marked with the flaming star to the right of where his dogtags hang, is muscled but smooth.  As is his stomach until a light dusting of hair starts below his belly button and spreads down into his groin.  But to the left the skin turns dark and rippled.
Dean snorts.  “Sure, Cas. Whatever you say.”  He slants a sly look at Castiel.  “You might win against Sam because he’s a goody two shoes, but I’m a cheat.”
His car is delivered quickly though, and Dean shoves Castiel into the passenger seat.  “Shame we don’t have a power cord,” he mutters as he arranges Castiel’s legs.  “Could plug you into the cigarette lighter.”
Pamela laughs, loud and delighted.  “You handed over the money before I could tell you it wasn’t necessary.  I wasn’t about to give it back; a girl’s gotta eat.”  Dean grumbles something too quietly for Castiel to catch, but it makes Pamela laugh again.  “Oh honey, ain’t you jest the sweetest.”
“Dean’ll find him,” Sam reassures grimly.  “Once he’s set his mind to a hunt, he won’t give up.”
Charlie’s smile rivals the summer sun overhead. “Yeah?”
“Your associate said the same thing,” the man whines.  “And I’ve heard nothing so far!”
Which means something definitely happened.
Instead of obeying the order, Dean climbs out of the car.  He’s trembling so much that he has to brace himself against it and he still looks like he’s going to slide to the ground at any second.  “Can’t.  Cas is in the passenger seat, and he’s in sleep mode.”
Without warning, Castiel surges up and grips Dean’s face between his hands.  His kiss is hard and rough, invading Dean’s mouth with his tongue.  As he pulls back, he clamps down on Dean’s bottom lip, letting it drag through his teeth.  The bite isn’t hard enough to hurt, but it certainly gets his attention.  When Castiel finally releases his lip, his lust blown eyes drill into Dean’s.  “I want you to suck my cock…” his eyes drop to Dean’s mouth, and he thumbs roughly at Dean’s bottom lip, “with this hot fucking mouth of yours.”
His mind wanders to the previous night.  Cas is a passionate man, something Dean could see before, but has firsthand experience of now.  But he’d touched Dean with a tender reverence that left Dean more breathless than their mad tumble through the flood.
He gets a wider smile, the one that shows off Castiel’s teeth.  And he finally comes up with the perfect word.  “You’re pretty awesome, Cas.”
But Castiel is still watching him curiously, and Dean caves with a blustering sigh.  “I got arrested when I was seventeen,” he grumbles.
“No,” Castiel answers simply.
But Hannah had panicked, and so had the mugger.  He lashed out at her, and Castiel jumped in to protect her.  The man hadn’t been very large, but he was much stronger than he looked.  In the scuffle that followed, Castiel ended up with a slash in his stomach, and when they’d both fallen to the street, he’d heard a couple of dull cracks.  His own shoulder had burned with the pain of being dislocated, so it took him a moment to realize the mugger’s body had gone deathly still.  Once he registered the limp body in his arms, he realized the second crack was the man’s neck breaking.
In the next few seconds feeling tingles back into his legs.  Almost immediately, he regrets it.  His muscles spasm, his bones ache, and it feels like liquid fire burning under his skin.
A stab of possessiveness makes Dean squint at his phone.  And then he immediately feels ridiculous, because Castiel doesn’t belong to him.  And he’d probably left Purgatory hours ago.
Dean gasps softly and leans into Castiel’s chest.  His head dips, and he rests his forehead on Castiel’s shoulder, and his hands come up to settle on Castiel’s hips.
“Oh,” Castiel says simply.
Not anywhere close.  Dean inhales deeply, pulling in Castiel’s scent.  It settles him even further, and he’s able to smile.  It’s strained, but he hopes Castiel won’t worry too much.  “I’m much better now.”
“Why are you being stubborn about this?”
Now he’s just being a dick, but he can’t help it.  Castiel’s squinty annoyance is really doing it for him.  “Spell it out for me, Cas.”
Sam also dons his digital mask, but he bows respectfully before leaving Charlie’s presence.  Just outside the tent, he waves at Gilda, smiling when she nods at him behind her skull mask.
The error codes are unfamiliar to him, and he has no information on how to contact support as some of the messages instruct.  The memories should not have been accessed while he was in sleep mode, and they should not have been jumbled together as they were.
“Get up, puto!”
“My security protocols allow for violence in self defense,” Castiel continues, “and extending that protection to others who need protection does not conflict with those protocols.  I do not wish to kill or cause harm, and I will avoid it when there are alternative actions that will not result in worse outcomes, but I am not a pacifist.”
“Thank you for these.” Cas crouches down and pulls on the socks and boots.  They look too big, and the way he grimaces and stomps his feet confirms Dean’s suspicions, but he doesn’t complain.
Jesse catches Castiel’s blush, and raises a questioning brow at Castiel.  “You and Dean are good friends?”
“Well you’re not doing a damn good job of it yourself!” Dean counters.
Castiel doesn’t look away from Dean.  He’s held captive by the man’s stage presence.  “I take it you’re responsible for this?”
I got to ask Misha the first question at his panel (Q-if you were a reporter what question would you ask Castiel?  A-how the heck did you luck out on your vessel??) so obviously I had a very good time lol
“Why on earth would your designers give you the ability to do that?” Dean wonders out loud.
Whatever internal struggle Dean is facing ends, and he scoffs with irritation.  He flaps a hand at Castiel’s gelding.  “See to your horse.”
He chances a glance at Castiel and finds him smiling warmly.  “What?”
Dropping to one knee, he pries his hidden knife from his boot and uses it to cut through the leather ties still wrapped too tightly around his wrists.  Once he’s free, he hides the knife again and rubs at his wrists as he looks around.
Before he can formulate an answer that won’t raise too many questions, the door swings open and the lights flicker.  He and Eileen both look to see who the newcomer is.  A man Castiel recognizes instantly walks through the door, carrying a toolbox.
Hey, so I finished writing the story today, and my brain wants it to show up as finished in 2020 in my stats page, so I'm posting both chapters tonight.  The epilogue is coming right after this!  Happy New Year ;D
Castiel pulls the coat from its hook, slips it on then turns to Dean.  It’s a bit too big, and makes him look like a flasher, but he’s smiling wide enough to show his teeth.  And the way he’s smoothing his hands over the droopy lapels keeps Dean’s mouth shut about the creeper vibe.  “Yes I do.”
“Are you alright?” Castiel asks from so close that Dean can feel his body heat.
.  I swear to god, I’m going to bleed his ass dry the next time I see him.”
“It’s the
But he keeps a wary eye on their surroundings.  Just in case.
The Boy--Sancho--looks confused, but obeys the order.  “One was just a sorrel gelding, and the other one was a real pretty mare.  Dark all over but with a white rump covered in spots.” He lets out a sigh.  “Wish I could have grabbed her, but I was trying to hurry, and this gringo is heavy.”
Castiel tries not to roll his eyes.  “You gave them all that tequila.”
Apache?  Or worse?
“Hey, I was just teasing.” Charlie unwinds the scarf from her neck and pulls off her gloves and beanie, leaving strands of bright red sticking up over the crown of her head like a crown.  “I came to check on you and make sure you’re not drowning under everything.  I know you’ve got a lot going on.”
When the clamor of saws and hammers die away there’s only a short period of silence before the air fills with the murmur of voices.  The day had dawned warm and cloudless and despite the rising heat a crowd gathers during the early morning hours.  Women herd curious children while vaqueros wander in idly from the edges of town.  Peasants prod sleepy burros laden with baskets filled with vegetables.  The shopkeeper emerges from his store to watch the commotion, and from the saloon next door a slurred voice calls “Poor Dale Guthrie!”
The words are barely out of his mouth before Dean is kissing him.  Castiel’s mouth drops open on a gasp, and Dean takes advantage, licking at his lips before delving deeper.  He still tastes like rootbeer, and Castiel moans at the flavor as he kisses back.  His hands delve into the short hair at the back of Dean’s head, pulling him in closer, even as he presses into Dean’s chest, unbalancing him enough to take a step back until he hits the barrier of the workbench.  Castiel follows, grinding his hips against Dean’s, and smiling into the kiss when Dean makes a soft, high pitched noise, and pushes into the friction.
“Thanks,” Dean grunts.  Wow, okay yeah he sounds like he gargled rocks.  “Sorry, I didn’t forget about you.  I had a late night.”
flirting--he doesn’t show any signs of it.  When their food comes, he keeps his feet tucked together with Castiel’s as he digs into his breakfast scramble.
Castiel nods.  “Of course.  Both Domming and subbing were common requests from my clients.”
There’s a very firm possibility that Castiel
There’s affection, warm as melted peanut butter, coating those words.  Another ache rises up in Castiel’s chest.  But it’s pleasant.  The same ache he associates with overwhelming emotions that Castiel can only identify as love, because it always hits him when he’s looking at Dean.
“It’s a shortened version of my name,” Castiel says when Dean finally lets him speak.
Dean sighs, and his shoulders slump.  “Tell him I’m sorry I couldn’t come.  The shop is swamped this week.”
“Only things he probably thinks I want to hear,” Sam says.  “I wish he’d tell me the truth.”
Gordon had handed him over to the sheriff with dire warnings about keeping Dean under surveillance, and mostly tall tales about how dangerous he and his brother are.  Then he’d come back to Dean’s cell and beamed at him with triumph.
Castiel’s body locks up, and his head falls back against the bank behind him.  His hands scrabble against Dean’s sides, gripping almost too tight as he comes with a breathless cry.
The ache blooms behind his eyes too, and his vision blurs.  He rubs the tears away with the back of his hand and tries to maintain his smile, although it feels wobbly on his lips.  “Thank you, Gabriel.”
Castiel is pretty sure Jody could absolutely enforce a grounding if she decided to do it.
“Dean.
Cas squints at him suspiciously.  “And why would he?”
Back in the clearing where the truck waited for them, it’s possible once again to see exactly how far up the mountain they’d come.  Castiel’s steps slow, and he frowns at the view.  “Are you sure it’s safe to go back down in the dark?”
Day 3 and so far I'm at 7,308 / 50,000! :D
Could he be the one to earn Dean’s love?  Not the love of family, or brotherhood, but that of a man and a lover.  Would he ever be able to bask in Dean’s love the way Cesar and Jesse bask in each other’s?
Bobby shrugs.  “We’re a well kept secret, but we get our share of visitors.”  He pulls an old fashioned key on a palm sized keychain out from under the counter and passes it over.  “There you go.  Last room on the top floor.  Stairs are just outside.”
Jo interrupts Dean’s snorting laughter with the delivery of their drinks and Dean’s nachos.  She eyes them both, curious what the joke is, but doesn’t pry.  She leaves them with a friendly reminder to holler if they need anything and to enjoy themselves.
Cas shrugs and gives his answer to the fire.  “The opportunity has never presented itself.”
Startled, Dean nearly falls over the railing.  He catches himself and spins to find Castiel standing just inside his room.  “Jesus fuck, Cas!  We need to put a bell on you!” He squints, and realizes Castiel is glitching, pixelating and then resolving in quick bursts.  He’s just a hologram.  Of course.  The fact that it didn’t occur to Dean at first is just another sign that he needs to go the fuck to sleep for a few hours.
Castiel smiles.  “I prefer troubled.  Less dumb.  Less ass.”
As a demigod, beheading would be more spectacle than punishment, but Gabriel relents.  He winks at Charlie in response to the threat, and then waves his own mask back into place before turning to Sam.  “Come on, Highness.  Let’s go fuck like bunnies.”
He pulls Cas closer, taking his weight against his body as he sits on the desk.  His other hand plunges into Cas’ hair, desperate to pull him closer.
“Dean?” he says softly.  There’s still no response, but the fever has finally broken.
That show of faith means the world to him.  Especially Dean’s since he hadn’t initially been on board with Castiel becoming a hunter.  Their support has given him the fortitude to continue an investigation that he may be too invested in on a personal level.
When he returns, the storekeeper adds his purchases to the bill.  Before paying it, Castiel looks over the list, and he frowns at some of the strange things on the list.  “Sam?  Why do we need these things?”
Castiel nods his understanding and slips his shoulder under Dean’s arm, lifting him to his feet as if he weighs nothing.  The sudden change in elevation makes him dizzy even as the show of strength makes him want to rub up on Castiel like a horny cat.  Or shove him against the nearest hard surface and ride one of his thick thighs.
Their gazes meet, one stubbornly determined, the other bright with fever.
“Shit,” he whispers.  “I did it again.”
He doesn’t have time to be relieved though, because more corpses are shuffling toward him.
The woman lights a cancer stick for herself and they stand in companionable silence, the cherries of their cigarettes highlighting their faces with each inhale.  When he’s about half finished, and feeling a little dizzy from the shitty quality smoke, she offers him the flask again.  “Thirsty?”
After a few circular grinding motions of his hips, Castiel’s body goes lax, dropping all his weight on Dean’s.  His breath saws in and out, cooling the sweat on Dean’s skin.
He’d suspected.  But having it confirmed somehow makes his guilt dig in deeper.
Alarm makes Castiel bolt upright again.  This time his gaze is met with glittering green.
“Thanks, Cas,” Sam says as he cleans his own plate, without food in his mouth, and without a single crumb on his shirt.
And here she is spreading tales again, like she never left school and hasn’t aged ten years past puberty.  So what if it’s also the truth, it’s nobody’s fucking business.
He steps off the boardwalk and crosses the street toward the livery, not bothering to see if Cas follows.  When he sees a familiar, towering figure waiting outside stable’s entrance, he stops abruptly.
A shuddering breath pushes out of Dean’s lungs, and his own vision blurs.  “Cas?”
Shit, did he say those things out loud?  Good.  Because he goddamn means it.  “Fuck yes.”
Castiel chuckles, and Dean tries not to feel jealous of his cat as he sets up the movie.
Shock freezes Castiel in his seat.  “You’ve been to rehab?”
The truth he’s been confronting for the last few weeks surfaces again.  He loves Dean.
The air gets stuck in Dean’s lungs.  He closes his eyes, and for the first time in many many years, he prays.  There’s probably no one listening, but fear drives one to desperate measures.
Tonight they’d made progress.  Dean loosened up about the combat training, and surprised Castiel by taking him down to the gun range.  And Castiel knows that Dean is going to keep making progress.  He loves Castiel.  He wants Castiel to be happy, and he’ll let go of his own fears to make sure that Castiel gets that happiness.
Shame heats Dean’s cheeks, and he drops his head against Castiel’s shoulder.  “It’s a side effect of my meds,” he murmurs.  He turns his face into Castiel’s neck, breathing in his warmth and seeking forgiveness for all the ways his body fails him.  “Sorry.”
As long as Castiel doesn’t get eaten by a monster anyway.
“And I was inside Dean in a far more… intimate… manner.”
“I knew someone was following me,” he says.  “But I couldn’t see him until it was too late to do anything about it.”
Cesar joins them, and his brow furrows when he sees Dean’s condition.  “How long has he been like this?”
“About yey high?” Dean asks.
Dean has wrapped his arms around Castiel before.  He knows what it feels like to hold him while he’s injured, and what it feels like to carry his lifeless vessel.  And he knows what it feels like to hug him, to bask in the relief of having the angel back when he thought he’d lost him, to greet him after a long separation, to catch him in his arms when Castiel throws himself at Dean.
“Dean?  What does ‘hangry’ mean?”
A large hand on Castiel’s shoulder brings his attention around to Dean.  He stares into green eyes, no longer filled with derision, anger, or doubt.  For the first time since he’d met Dean Winchester in the Tombstone jail, Dean looks at him like an equal.  His eyes are full of understanding and compassion, and it makes Castiel want to lean into his touch.
Dean’s eyes flick to him, and he suddenly grips Castiel’s hand tight.
Laughing, Sam moves back to let Castiel do the rest of the work of pulling Jack’s body free of the trash he’s buried in.  “I’ll go get the hover cart.”
“Good to hear it.  Now tell me, Cas, how do you feel about blisters?” He gives Castiel another head to toe examination.  “Saddle sores? Or snake bites and bein’ scalped by indians?”
Rage makes Castiel’s vision flash red, and he takes a deep breath to calm himself down.  Fighting will be detrimental to both of their survival, especially with the Skinwalker threat still hanging over them.  Giving Dean a piece of his mind over his lack of respect will only feel good until Skinwalkers follow the sound of his angry ranting straight to their location.
The man’s shoulders slump.  “I only eat animal hearts.  I don’t hurt humans, I swear!”
“Then he was willing to accept the risk for you.” Sam meets his surprised gaze steadily.  “You can’t blame yourself for that either.”
“Like a vampire.”
“No,” Sam huffs, as he also increases his pace.  “They’re pretty much like any human.  But if one gets a jump on Dean, the surprise may be enough to take him down before he can call for help.”
What does surprise him is that Castiel isn’t wearing his blue robe today.  Instead he’s wearing an orange and yellow sundress that flows softly around his ankles as he enters the room.  Sam had been kidding about Dean getting Cas a dress, and he’s pretty sure Dean wouldn’t have taken him seriously anyway, so he suspects that the dress was Castiel’s choice.  Especially since it’s primarily orange, which seems to be Castiel’s favorite color.
Sam stares down at him for the space of several heartbeats, and there’s definitely arguments boiling behind his eyes.  The biocircuits around his temples are flashing as he puts the mass of his computing power to work on finding a solution.  But he doesn’t voice any of them, instead sighing and letting his shoulders sag.  “Ok, fine.  But what are we going to do with it in the meantime?”
“What about the horses?”  They’re several days travel from the last settlement, and God only knows how far the next one is.  Castiel is certain they have little chance of reaching it on foot and without supplies.
And he doesn’t believe that Cas hasn’t at least received offers.  If they’d met under different circumstances, Dean would have propositioned him almost immediately.  Risking a broken nose for his forwardness would have been worth it for the opportunity to spend a few pleasurable hours naked with him.
The hunt goes sideways.
“I’ve compiled a report.  Would you like me to send it to you?”
“He’s a bag of dicks.”
Tempting, but not this time.  Sam lets Gabriel get close, body shuddering and movements becoming rough, before pulling free.  “Next time,” he pants in response to Gabriel’s cursing.  He punctuates the promise with one last suckling kiss to the head, then he sits back on his heels and pulls Gabriel’s hips onto his thighs.
to push his boundaries instead of just hiding in the comfort of his small hometown.
He doesn’t look at Castiel, but says “Unless you want to meet up with the sheriff and his deputies, I suggest we ride out of here now.  Where are we meeting Sam?”
“You’re going to sing though, right?” Sam asks him.
“I am,” Castiel confirms.
And that just pisses him off, because while he doesn’t exactly have a death wish, he certainly knows that he doesn’t have the potential for a long life span.  Not with the work he does.  But he would have preferred to go out with a bang.
“I also do not wish to partake of any beverages.”
Fuck, Dean had expected an order, or maybe for Castiel to grab his head and shove his cock down his throat.  But instead he’s on the verge of begging, which is all kinds of hot.
The thought of traveling home to face the people he’d left behind nearly ruins his appetite.  He has a lot of apologizing to do, and while he’s more than willing to do so, he’s afraid he’s already irrevocably ruined their trust in him.
Pink lips curve in a familiar smile.
“He’s right, Dean,” Sam sighs.  “It’s our best chance of finding anything down here.”
Jo grins down at Castiel.  “Dean’s got it backwards.  He ain’t a Harvelle, but he’s family.”
Sam transmits on their private channel.
“No pro-” he’s interrupted by a jaw-popping yawn.  Shaking his head to clear it of the sudden wave of exhaustion, he tries again.  “No problem, buddy.  You need anything else right now?”
It’s a relief when he reaches the stall he was aiming for, because he can let go of Castiel.  He flexes his hand and wrist, but the phantom touch takes a few seconds to fade.  “Alright, Cas, look around and see if there’s anything you like.”
“Your secret is safe with me,” he promises.  Then he’s struck by a thought and adds “Sam too.  He might already suspect.”
Ah god, there he goes pulling all the right strings.  Sometimes Dean hates that Sam has him all figured out, knows exactly how to get him to drop his convictions like hot potatoes.
“He went that way with some chick,” a man glowing with biocircuitry says, pointing with a tube that he then puts to his lips and inhales from.  Smoke billows from his mouth when he grins.  “Looked like he was going to have a good time with her too.  Might not want to interrupt.  Might not might not might not mightnotwant want to interrupt.  Might not mightnotwant want to interrupt.  Might not want to int--”
“Yeah right,” Dean snaps.  “There’s no way you won’t be following me around trying to get me to talk about my goddamn feelings until I’m ready to knock your teeth out to shut you up.”
“Who is it?” Sancho asks.
“Maybe a few,” Dean says, dashing his hopes.  “It doesn’t take a demon to do what they do.  But demons might tag along for the fun of it, and to spur them on.  Usually possessing one or more poor bastards who would never have fallen into a life of crime if they weren’t being used as a meatsuit for hellspawn.”
“No, I think it’s your turn.”
Castiel nips at his bottom lip playfully.  Something burns under his skin, and it’s making him giddy.
Sam continues to stare at his lap while Castiel takes a moment to absorb this new information.  And it occurs to him that Sam may be worried about whether Castiel might be disappointed in him too.  Which couldn’t be farther from the truth.  Maybe before he experienced his own difficulties with addiction, he might have felt differently.  Cops aren’t trained to be open minded about substance abuse.  The complete opposite is actually what he learned.  But now that he’s experienced addiction for himself, he understands there are many factors that lead people down those paths.  And he was wrong to judge them harshly without considering their individual circumstances.  He wishes sometimes that it hadn’t taken his own downward spiral to make such a discovery, but he’s glad that his eyes are open now.
“Too dangerous for two men,” Sam says calmly.
It’s hard to get to know someone over a single meal, even if they had spent hours monopolizing one of Ellen’s booths.  And what would be the point of trying?  Castiel is a drifter, passing through like any of the tourists who stumble onto Purgatory, never to look back.  As much as he wants to see if there’s more than just the spark he feels between them, it’s not worth pursuing someone who’ll be gone in the blink of an eye.
Dean wants to do that.  But how does he make Cas understand something he barely understands himself?  It’s the rare occurrence for Dean to face a problem that can’t be resolved with a gun or a silver knife.  He’s out of practice, so he searches for words.
“I know.  It’s all right.”
doing that, he has no choice.  He can’t outrun Cas. That’d already been proven last night.  He’d figured out exactly where Dean could be found, and showed up at a pretty embarrassing moment.  Dean doesn’t usually have an audience when he visits Pamela or one of her girls.
“I…” Castiel hesitates, uncertain, but then nods firmly.  “Yes.  Alive.”
Castiel’s eyes immediately track to Dean, and even though it’s not a full smile, his expression shifts into something that looks pleased.  “Yes, I’m ready.” He tucks a marker in his book before setting it aside and looks down at himself as he rises to stand.  “Is this appropriate clothing?”
Some of the worry fades from Castiel’s eyes, and he takes Dean’s hand in his own to lead him further inside.  Dean takes in the space in a quick glance.  The living area is combined with the kitchen and dining area, and there’s a hallway on the far wall that probably leads to the bedrooms and bathrooms.  He notices the lack of knick-knacks and the plain art on the walls.  The place is nice, but it seems cold and unlived in.  It makes him ache to think of Castiel all alone here, and despite the ordeal of his mental health he’s glad he’s here now.  If all he can do to help is add a little warmth and comfort to Castiel’s life while he’s stuck here, then Dean will do it to the best of his ability.
okay.  They’d talked about what kind of treatment he needs for his agoraphobia, which consists of exposing him to the things that stress him out, but it should be in small doses with trusted people present.  Instead, Dean drove hours away, spent hours in crowded airports and on a plane, and now he’s in another unfamiliar place…
Dean isn’t able to lean away from the approaching speculum, but he gives it all he’s got.
“Hm?” With his cock still in Dean’s mouth, the questioning sound vibrates straight through Castiel’s shaft.
He starts massaging Dean’s fingers, whispering encouragement.  Behind him, Rowena is talking to the paramedics, hopefully explaining the delicacy of the situation.
Castiel smiles fondly.  “It’s a good choice.”
And just like that, pain is no longer an issue.  Instead of an ache in his belly there’s a flutter.  “Yes!”
Sam rolls his eyes at both of them.  “Actually that’s why we asked you for a meeting.”
There's a short Sabriel smut scene in this chapter.  If you want to skip it stop at "Where'd you go, big guy?" and ctrl+f to "I'm fucking tired though."  The rest is plotty Sam stuff until the chapter break, but if you don't want any of it just skip to the ***.
Jimmy’s voice is mildly slurred when he answers, and his projected image is graced with sleep tousled hair and a visually soft t-shirt with a band logo printed across the chest.  “Castiel?  What’s up, is something wrong?”
They have no idea where the Luna’s satellite ended up, but it’s still out there somewhere, used as a horror story to scare young programmers into making sure they don’t go mad scientist and try to create sentience with their work.  The world governments started regulating AI creation much more vigorously after that.  That wasn’t the only sentient AI created in the intervening years, and luckily none of them had turned against their creators in the same way Luna did, but they’re rare for a reason.  Laws have been instituted that only virtual intelligence is allowed.  Then with the advent of neural network tech, VI became less useful since human brains could interface directly with technology and no longer needed software to assist them.
“Not your boyfriend, huh?” Krissy says knowingly.  She slips back outside before he can answer.
Since Dean is keeping his mouth occupied, Castiel switches to digital speech.
When they finally reach the airport, Dean takes one look at the crowds of people in the pick up and drop off zones and knows it will be impossible for him to go inside.  It will be far too much.
He feels the moment Cas teeters on the edge.  Then his cock throbs in Dean’s hand, and Cas is crying out against his mouth.  Dean strokes him through it, watching Cas’ face as each pulse of his orgasm is wrung from him.
Dean cups his hand over Castiel’s and leans into his palm.  “Yeah. I do.”
Eileen looks back and forth between them, and curiosity rolls off her in waves.  But she decides not to probe further, instead pulling Dean behind the broken washer so they can get to the business of fixing it.
“What?” his neighbor parrots, squinting in confusion.
Dean claps a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, the touch coming easier now that he expects the human-like warmth under the layers of cloth.  “We’re gonna start with how to make breakfast then.  Probably not all that useful for an android that can’t appreciate scrambled eggs, but I’m starving and I know Sam will be too when he gets up.”
Dean splutters indignantly.  “It was an accident!”
“Don’t worry, I’ll teach you,” Dean says with a grin.  Castiel’s soft thank you warms him inside, and he clears his throat and turns his attention back to the phone.  “Okay so this thing can do quite a lot, but first I’ll show you calls.”
Because he
“Oh man,” Dean huffs.  “I haven’t laughed like that in a while.”
This time Dean chokes on his eggs.  He coughs and splutters for a moment before he’s able to speak, and when he does it’s with a hand over his chest and an offended look straight out of a Victorian era movie where the female protagonist’s mother has just been accused of meddling in her love life.  “What?  No!” Dean directs his attention to Castiel who is still standing beside the table, watching them curiously.  “You’re a guest, Cas.  If you don’t want to do something, you say no.”
Dean snorts and pulls just out of reach.  “For a slow and painful death.”
He doesn’t try to hide the goofy smile he can feel stretching his cheeks as Castiel scrambles to join him.  And seeing that Castiel’s wearing the same crush-drunk grin makes his day all the brighter.
Have they already started?  Castiel has never been with a woman because he’s known since he was young that they hold no attraction for him.  And he’s yet to accept any of the offers he’s received from men.  When he was young he wasn’t brave enough, and since he’s joined the Pinkertons he’s been afraid of revealing his secret and risking the loss of his reputation.  So he has no experience on how long the whole process takes, and what he’d overheard and glimpsed in the other rooms tonight gave him more questions than answers.
“It’s a waste of credits though,” Sam adds.  “I know how much Gabe offered you for it.”
Dean can’t remember the last time he’s wanted someone so badly.  It had to have been since before he came home from Afghanistan.  There had been someone in his squad… But he doesn’t really want to think about that time.  He wants to think about Castiel.
” The last word is spit out with a healthy dose of disgust.  But he pops up from the bed and strides over to a chest overflowing with silks and brocades, and starts to pull out random items and pull them on.  Outside of their augmented reality, it’s probably a tank top under an ugly hawaiian shirt and flamboyant board shorts, but within the confines of the game, it’s a silk shirt with an embroidered vest and braces, with slashes in the shirts to allow room for his wings.
“About Dean?” Sam suggests.
“Maybe there is such thing as too much freedom,” he murmurs to himself.
He doesn’t really believe that anymore, not for a very long time.  Teenage angst was to blame for most of his doubts, and he’s certainly outgrown them.  But emotional reserve is something Michael values highly, and it has led Castiel to struggling too hard to please his father.  It’s difficult sometimes to understand how much his father cared for him, especially since Anna is so much more openly affectionate.  It had taken a long time for Castiel to understand that Michael’s constant pushing and prodding was his way of showing his love.
“I want to,” Cas says.  “Tell me what to do.”
he says.
“Burn in hell, you son of a bitch,” Castiel grits out.
“Hello Jo.  Has your flight landed already?” He’d been about to toss his keys in a bowl on the entryway table, but he tightens his fingers around them.  “Why are you calling me from Dean’s phone?”
“They’re friends of mine,” he explains.  “I was supposed to meet them here.”
Castiel tilts his head again, only adding to the dog persona building up in Sam’s mind.  “I don’t understand.  Who is Jim?”
The sharp crack of his hand against the glass is enough to make her jump, but she only gives him a cold look.  Her words are directed past him though.  “Gentlemen, if you can’t control your toy, I would request that you remove it from the premises.”
Seeing proof of Cas’ arousal makes Dean want to reach out and pull him back down onto his lap.  He’s caught a few glances from the Pinkerton that made him suspect Cas might have an eye for men, but it was always covered quickly with haughty disdain.
Talking the territorial governor into giving the Winchester brothers amnesty had also been risky, and he doesn’t want to push his luck by reaching out to him for help either.  He’d assured the governor that he’d have everything under control.
In the flickering light, Dean’s wicked grin takes on a sinister cast.  “That’s what she said.”  His smile fades and he clears his throat when Castiel only frowns at him in confusion.  “I mean, uh.  Yeah, I can see how it would be overwhelming.”
Castiel scans the treeline, taking in the calm beauty of the terrain.  After being surrounded by brushy, dusty desert, he’d been surprised at how lush the area around the reservoir is.  He wonders if the trees would survive the arid weather if it weren’t for the man-made lake.  The locals definitely take full advantage of the area for recreational purposes.  He can see spots of color along the banks, and the occasional shout or laugh will float across the water.  There’s a blackened circle of stones nearby from previous fires, and Castiel anticipates quite the feast when Dean returns.
When his lips twitch up into a grin, she blinks at him and turns scarlet all the way up to the roots of her hair.  Coughing a little, she ducks her head and scans the box.  Her constant chatter starts back up again, but she sounds flustered and she keeps her eyes on her hands.
It’s clear that Aaron doesn’t agree with Gabriel’s decision to hand such a large chunk of money to “an android”, but he only grumbles lightly as he slips through the door to the back office.  Gabriel ignores him and brings a large cash box out from under the counter and scans his thumb over it to unlock it.
Dean steps closer, and braces his hands on the shelves behind Castiel’s shoulders.  Penetrating green eyes pin him in place, making it impossible to escape even if Castiel weren’t penned in by Dean’s body.  “What
At least the lingering pain in his bottom from the cactus incident pales in comparison.
Dean ignores him and winds his hands tightly in the Appaloosa’s reins as he prepares to pull himself into her saddle.
Dean isn’t entirely sure something’s bothering Cas, but Sam is like a dog with a bone when he decides an intervention is necessary.
“Alright, but if it starts to hurt you tell me immediately.” Dean reaches for the controls and adjusts them.  “This is cold.”
he thinks.
It buzzes again.  Castiel ignores it.
“I do have functional orifices for clients who request-”
“You’ve done well for yourself,” he tells Cesar.  “You’ve got some fine horses.”
“So what brings you to my domain?” Charlie asks.
Dean glances back at him with faint amusement.  He lifts the body of the snake, letting it dangle so it stretches out to its full length of nearly five feet.  “These bastards can strike the distance of their body.”  His eyes flick from Castiel to the snake’s resting spot and back.  His expression clearly says he doesn’t think Castiel could have gotten out of striking distance in time.
Harmonized cooing from the peanut gallery makes him tear his eyes away from Castiel, and he finds both women watching them with their elbows propped on the counter, chins in their hands.  Eying them with the same glee usually reserved for the love confession scene in a chick flick.
Dean can feel his eyes bugging out.  “Too bad?” he echoes incredulously. “That’s all you have to say?
“--was to put him in the ground first.”
Not exactly reassuring, but Dean can’t do anything about it other than kick Castiel out of the bunker, or shut him down.  And he’s not going to do either at the moment, so he’ll have to trust the instincts telling him Castiel’s harmless.
Unless Sam’s hurt, then he’s going to be fucking livid.  But he’s got someone better than Castiel to lay blame on for that.
Sam doesn’t hesitate.  He barrels into Castiel, somehow knocking the cosmic being back on his heels, and wraps him in the same hug he’d treated Dean to just a few minutes-years earlier.
He must make a sound or movement to alert Dean that he is no longer sleeping, because the handsome profile hardens to the more familiar mask of indifference.  Castiel immediately misses the softer version he’d been secret witness to.
Sam’s lips twitch.  “Oh I saw something alright.”
His meaning hits Dean like a punch to the gut.  He’s never asked Castiel for details about the overdose.  It only came up that one night at the hot springs.  Castiel had sounded nonchalant about it at the time, like he was reciting a list of events that happened to someone else.  This time though, there’s something in his tone that scares the hell out of Dean.
She laughs.  “Dean is not the only charmer around here.” She winks at him when he blushes.
Dean’s mouth opens and closes several times before he sputters “how the fuck did you know that?”
He can feel Dean’s at his side even though they aren’t touching, and all he can think about is the solid wall of Dean’s chest at his back, the heat of his thighs cupping Castiel’s hips, the strength in his fingers as they--
Dean can’t remember the last time he felt this content just existing.  Castiel is broad and strong in his arms, his breath warm against Dean’s neck.  The kitchen is quiet except for the low buzz of the fridge’s motor and the quiet crunching as Lore eats in the corner.
He’ll take the second chance though.
It’s not that he doesn’t want Sam to know about the shift in his relationship with Castiel.  He’s just not looking forward to another lecture.
Sam stops pacing and glares wordlessly at the other man.  Dean swings his legs off the makeshift bed and sits up.  His boots come down next to he plate of slop that Kubrick brought them earlier.  It’s barely edible from the smell, and completely untouched.  “I’m still waiting for my steak and potatoes,” Dean answers with his most charming smile.  “I gotta say, Kubrick.  The service here leaves much to be desired.  I’d like to complain to the management.”
“It didn’t want her soul.”
There’s really no decision to make.  He felt out of place and uncomfortable in Philadelphia, and his job no longer holds the same satisfaction it did before, so Denver doesn’t have a claim on him either.  Castiel knows that even if he has to give up hunting altogether, his home is wherever Dean is.  And he can’t imagine Dean anywhere other than on a ranch near the mountains, raising horses with spotted rumps.
“And this is why I’m the engineer, and you’re not.” As soon as the words are out of his mouth, a jolt of electricity arcs from the modded battery to his soldering iron, and even with the protective rubber gloves he’s wearing - he’s not an idiot, despite Sam’s assertions to the contrary - he still jerks back with a hissed curse.  He fixes Sam with a glare, preemptively warning him to shut his trap.  “It’s about creativity, not just the ability to follow a schematic.”
After witnessing Dean’s restless sleep, Castiel has already come to that conclusion on his own.  But Sam doesn’t know that.  He may not even know that Castiel had spent last night at Dean’s house, although it wouldn’t surprise him if the small town gossip had already reached Sam’s ears.  Especially since he’s currently delivering a warning to Castiel.
“Please.” Castiel’s thighs flex, not enough to lift his hips, but he knows he’s just barely within the confines of the definition of not moving.
At first glance the laundromat seems empty, but just inside the door Castiel realizes his mistake.  Near the back a washer is pulled away from the wall.  Tools clank as someone behind the machine works on it.
Or in his preferred vernacular: pissed.
It’s tempting to lean in and kiss him, but he’s not going to do that with Sam watching them like a hawk looking for scraps of rumors to take back to his nest of idiot baby hawks.  Signing Dean up for that specific song was a jerk move, and he counts it as the shot that cancels their prank war truce.  Revenge will be sweet.
It’s a familiar argument, and he falls into the snarky back and forth they always share.  He’s not even middle aged, and she’s not even legal to vote, buy cigarettes or alcohol, or even watch porn yet.  Damn
sexy,” Castiel agrees solemnly.
But this time, he’d found another focus.  There’s light around the bar, and Dean can see Castiel there watching him with his jaw sagging.  Dean would have laughed at his reaction if he weren’t busy belting out the song some asshole signed up for him. (His money is on Jo, but he wouldn’t put it past Sam either.)  As the song comes to an end, and Dean straightens away from the microphone, a delighted smile spreads across Castiel’s face.  And Dean wants nothing more than to press kisses against it.
Castiel scans his databanks for a subject.  “When do you think Sam will come home?”
That makes Dean tilt his head back on a laugh, and some of the tension eases from his shoulders.  “You got it, bud.”
“Ticket, sir?” the conductor calls out as Castiel starts to board.
The air is clean and the sound of the wind blowing through the trees, and the water flowing under the bridge is more melodious than all his favorite mix tapes.  He can feel the happiness radiating off of Sam like heat waves.  He must have spent those decades well, and Dean cannot wait to hear all his stories.
“Yes.  Gabriel helped me find an apartment.”
Worry adds speed to Dean’s footsteps, although he manages not to run.  He finds Sam in the room they share, and his eyes widen when he sees that Sam’s arm is bound tightly to his side with long bandages.
Despite the double dose of drugs he’d received, Dean’s body responds in kind.  He groans into Castiel’s mouth and rolls his hips upward.  The friction sends a thrill of heat through him, and he repeats the motion.
“He’ll do what’s necessary for the reward,” the other man explains.
Naomi only lifts an eyebrow in Dean’s direction.  “Excuse me?”
Because he’s a shit, Dean grins and claps Sam on the shoulder.  “Assuming we survive the explosion, I’ll let you.”
Dean’s skin goes tight at the idea of leaving Purgatory, even for a few hours.  He shakes his head, and he can see Benny’s disappointment before he even says anything.  “Not really in the mood for something like that.”
“No thanks, sweetie.  I can handle the rest.” She gives him a grateful smile.  “And Benny should be here soon, so I’ll have him do the rest of the heavy lifting.”
He shuts the book and sets it on the tiny table next to the bed.  Then he starts putting the weapons he’d purchased from Gabriel and various vendors in the third drawer.
“Castiel?  Everything okay?”
“Baaaaaatteerrrryyyyy…” The way his voice drops another octave when he’s low on power sounds almost like a pained moan.
Castiel’s sigh warms the space between them.  “I’m finding it very difficult to maintain the balance.  Between the rise of despots with a hunger for nuclear weapons, and dictators draping themselves in the flag of democracy whipping up their most frenzied followers into violence, I find myself very busy for how little actual battle these humans participate in.”
Several curses crowd the tip of Dean’s tongue.  Stubborn bastard.  “I’d leave your ass out here in the desert if you do.”
When one of Dean’s large hands settles at the base of Castiel’s spine, pulling him closer, he gasps at the contact.  Dean’s other hand traces a slow path up from his hip to his ribs, his touch warmer than the water, almost hot.  Goosebumps trail behind his fingers, making Castiel shiver again, but this time it has nothing to do with the cold breeze wrapping around their shoulders.
Castiel shakes his head emphatically as he toes off his shoes and kicks off his pants, and pulls Dean along as he backs toward the bed.  On the way there, he starts tugging at Dean’s clothes as well. “I need you to myself for a little while.”
With Castiel’s agreement, Dean hurries off to the coat room.  Castiel takes their beer bottles to the nearest trash can and then follows.  The coat room is just a classroom down the hall from the gym, near the double doors that lead outside to the south parking lot.  When Castiel comes out of the gym and turns toward the exit, he sees Dean and Rachel standing right outside the classroom.
“Safekeeping.” Castiel fights to keep the slow-rising anger out of his voice.  “Just so you won’t get any ideas about slipping out of town in the middle of the night.  Again.”
As Black Eyes also approaches the horse, he shouts “Dammit Billy!  What the hell is going on?  Where have you been and where is Marquez?”  A puzzled frown creases his features as he steps closer.
At higher elevations the cold night temperatures have already begun to strip the branches and leaves carpet the rocks, boulders, and mountain pools.  Castiel catches a glimpse of a glossy furred beaver near a fallen tree, but it disappears into the water, broad tail leaving rippling trails in its wake.
But the physical?  Now that he’s had a taste, he’s not so sure he can go back to celibacy.
“I believe this is a discussion that requires more privacy,” the queen says in response to the code word.  She gestures around at the lingering nobles and guards.  “Leave us please.”
Those thoughts are interrupted when Sam shuffles into the room, hair a wild nest and still in his pajamas.  Dean’s pretty sure his eyes are closed and he’s navigating to the coffee pot via digital mapping.  When Sam’s got his coffee and slumps down next to Castiel he grunts what might be a greeting and then buries his nose in the steam rising from his mug.
Sam hums thoughtfully.  “Sounds like you’ve put some thought into it.”
He senses a subtle shift in Cas’ body, and feels the cold brush of steel against his hand.  Cas keeps the Colt ready, but holds it in the shadows so the moonlight doesn’t catch on the barrel.
