When lunch was over, they bathed Rosie bathed and sat for a couple of hours talking about everything they could talk about, John’s parents promised to visit Rosie at least once a week, help with her over the weekends when they needed it, and to participate more actively in Rosie’s upbringing, going as far as to help them with Mary’s parents and having the baby visit them.
“He was the kid with the police, the one rattling information” Henry’s brow was furrowed as he recalled the day Mary died, almost six months ago.
I knos, I know, it's been almost a month since I last published and I'm very sorry but RL can be quite shitty and throw you to the bushes without much preamble or explanation. I won't bore you with details, suffice to say that I'm back and kicking it, expect daily updates this week, until I'm back on schedule.
At the table, she kept amusing her grandparents by being part of the conversation, babbling and trying to put more food in her mouth than in Sherlock’s hair, shirt, trousers, nose… well… Sherlock patiently fed her, smiling broadly at the little girl and enjoying her gushing about everything and nothing. Julia looked at them amazed at the way Rosie acted with Sherlock, if she liked him… kids usually are good at judging people and the way they are.
“Please what?” John took a step back and tried to find the reason behind the anger that had disappeared as suddenly as it appeared “Let’s be friends?” He chuckled humourlessly “Forgive you?” He rolled his eyes and clicked his tongue “Don’t worry” John shook his head and took another step back “Be happy with your fiancé” He turned and left a baffled James gaping. It took James ten more minutes to realise he had a ring on his ring finger and that it had a VT engraved on it.
"Cain" chose to kill and all souls became blind to one another, only able to see the light at the sight of our mate. We're condemned to wander alone until we find each other.
John blinks awake and I can see the panic in his eyes. He reaches for me and I rapidly hold my hand up to him, he takes it and pulls me close, feeling my pulse. His heart is hammering, he can barely breathe.
“I’m here out of concern” Mycroft said more serious “My…” He cleared his throat “Contacts…” Sherlock snorted and shook his head “Tell me you just leased two hundred and twenty one b at Baker street” He almost pursed his lips.
“Oh?” Sherlock’s eyebrows shot up and looked really surprised, even more so than finding Molly was helping John.
“Coming, dear!” Bill and Mike replied and laughed all the way down to the car. Sherlock just watched the interaction, feeling conflicted; he was happy to have John move in with him, but at the same time, he knew Mike and Bill were important to John and had been there for him for the last two years and for the past six months they’d been helping him with Rosie, school and many other things.
“He’s in a lecture right now” Sherlock rocked Rosie “Molly was supposed to take care of Rosie but she left me alone”
“Don’t” He walked away and locked himself in his room. John followed, he knew he should and as soon as the door hit his face, he went to the bathroom and entered Sherlock’s room, he walked to the door and stood there. If Sherlock wanted to leave, he’ll have to go through him… John was ready to fight…
“Not coming?” John couldn’t hide the disappointment and the confusion, why was Sherlock saying goodbye, today, of all days? Sherlock shook his head and schooled his features to appear calm, but John noticed “Why?” John asked and the answer was interrupted by the cabbie grunting a “well?” That had Sherlock helping John in the cab and closing the door after him and rattling John’s address. John barely had time to look back and see Sherlock climb in the back of a black sedan.
“There’s another bedroom upstairs” Mrs. Hudson explained “If you’ll be needing two bedrooms” She said almost as an afterthought, considering how young Rosie is and that they might want to have the baby close to them in their own room.
“What?” Mycroft raised his eyebrow in mock surprise “Is the young doctor reluctant to live with you?” He pretended concern.
Now that Christianity is the talk of the town, Britannia, as much as the rest of the falling Empire, is accepting this new religion and with it, a new set of rules and a belief system that now punishes what was once accepted.
"...everything that you have was given to you. You did not make a single hair on your head so you cannot own anything..."
It was too much sometimes. Rosie a constant reminder of Mary, Mycroft a ghost that lingered in every corner whenever he caught a glimpse of a camera moving, his in-laws, the people he never really got to meet, the nightmares about the girl on the bus that ended up being Euros… And Sherlock, bless him… the man that had given everything up just to make John happy
They ate in an uncomfortable silence, neither knowing how to resume the conversation. When the food was finished and dessert was served, the silence had turned into tension, Sherlock kept looking out the window and fidgeting, John was focused on the candle in front of him, both thinking about what to do and ask. John decided it could be a good idea to come and live with Sherlock, that would give them time to know each other, but it could also ruin everything, having a baby wasn’t easy and Sherlock just had shared with Rosie a few nights at Oxford, never in London.
“What are you talking about, are you inventing stuff about me again?” Anderson approached Sherlock, and he stood taller.
I've died a thousand deaths. Once I was a still-born; my soul didn't even have a chance to enter my body before I had already died. Another time I died in a brawl... ah! a well-aimed knife, straight to where it mattered, but I had saved "The Bard" himself.
One thing startled Sherlock, James’ honesty when he talked to his sister; to Sherlock it meant he was truly interested in her; at some point he said they were more alike than anyone could ever imagine. Eurus smiled softly at him and Sherlock decided to let the situation be, he would contact Mycroft later to ask for an entire investigation about him. John eyed him curiously the entire time, he tried to act nonchalant and told himself that Sherlock always did that, but the intensity with which he was looking at Jim awoke the monster of jealousy and by the time Eurus and Jim left he was seething.
Past ten in the morning, Sherlock would take her to the park, accompanied by the inconspicuous black sedan and Mrs. Hudson, they would play for an hour, feed the ducks, then he’ll teach her about anything and everything, helped her walk, talk and enjoy the morning. They would return to the flat by noon and feed her once again, having lunch the three of them, if possible. Whenever Sherlock is on a case, John would take Rosie to the crime scene to get Sherlock, and whenever John has a shift, Sherlock would visit and share lunch with him at one of the benches in the park next to the hospital.
Here he is, finally! Which century? Nineteen something? No? Yes? Hundred more? Hundred less? Eighteen something? Sixty? Ninety?
“John” Sherlock looked at his boyfriend and could see the sadness and desperation “How may I help?” He wanted to reach for John, kiss him and hold him.
John was baffled, to say the least. He thought they were fine, he thought they were going to make it, but Sherlock had decided otherwise. It wasn’t the first time that something like this happened, Sherlock making a decision that ultimately would change both their lives.
“I wonder when I’m going to meet this mysterious brother of yours that whisks you away in black sedans” John chuckled.
“Please, pick up, just… pick up” And the phone went to voice mail again “I can’t do this over the phone, Sherlock, please” He left another message filled with anguish, despair, and yet, a bit of hope
Marcus Flavius Caelius is playing outside of his house while father checks on mother, she's been ill for a few days now. Since father believes in Rome and nothing else, he doesn't call one of the Greek physicians that offer their services to the town. He leaves the house, pale as death, and little Marcus knows something is wrong. Mother has died of tuberculosis, father is ill and they have to vacate the house. Father dies four weeks later and little Marcus, at his short age of eight, has to go live with his uncle, away from Rome, away from home.
Seeing Rosie worked like a charm. The minute he laid eyes on his little girl all his anger and tension melted away and he smiled for the first time in four days. Violet and Siger were at the train station waiting for him, a bag for Rosie and their tickets. It was the second time John had seen Siger and was glad to at least see the man for more than five minutes, mostly because they had spent so much time with his daughter already.
John hesitated; he didn’t want to tell her about Sherlock, not yet, much less without any security that they’ll be together. He didn’t want to assume. Sure, there was attraction, but Sherlock was always so hesitant. He didn’t send mixed messages, John was sure they liked each other, but he knew something was off, as if Sherlock didn’t want to risk being with him. Whenever John asked about weekend plans or whatever, Sherlock would answer with his Oxford timetable.
As the butterfly’s wings caused an earthquake in a lost island in the middle of the ocean, and an underwater volcano to erupt in that precise moment; it took a corpse, a crying baby and a failed wedding for John to meet Sherlock.
“Sherlock was the consulting detective that solved…” John waved his hand in the air and let the news sink in.
“I think he asked me to move in with him tomorrow” John muttered as he made his way to the fridge to grab a cold one.
John was more than willing to help. He talked to James before talking to Mary and James was on board. They discussed how John would participate. He would take the blame, assure the distressed parents he’ll be there for Mary and the baby and walk out, simple as that. But when has life been simple? John nodded and gave James a kiss, saying a quick goodbye before going to face his future.
“Never, my love, but if it hadn’t been for her we might have never met” Sherlock cocked his head to one side and smiled shyly.
"Do not have sexual relations with a man as one does with woman; that is detestable... If a man has sexual relations with a man as one does with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable. They are both to be put to death, their blood will be on their own heads."
Unlike history, stories come and go, unlike history, you can write your own story. Stories. A story could turn into history; for this to happen it must have a hero (maybe in the side of angles, but not one of them), a villain (staying alive), a lady (not in distress, not necessarily, better a BAMF), a child (must be cute as hell, defenseless and innocent, not like the orphan), a friend (Mike rules!, so does Papa Lestrade), sibling rivalry (cue Mycroft's sneer, Sherlock's eye-roll and Eurus' manic smile), disgrace for one character (no need to remember the Reichenbach), then their redemption (You
“What I mean, is that neither of us should sacrifice our free time for the sake of being in London” John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and spoke softly “I want you there with me all the time” He said at the look of dismay in Sherlock’s eyes “But I also know how important chemistry is to you, how far along you already are in Oxford” John locked gazes with Sherlock to convey all he was feeling “And how much your family would appreciate you getting your degree in the University you chose” His eyes were so tender and caring that took Sherlock’s breath away.
“Never in the life…” She giggled “Your mother…” She laughed soundly “Your mail arrived” She placed a few envelopes on the now vacated table “C is free, let me know when the works start” She smiled at Sherlock and left him with his hands covered in suds and rolling his eyes.
“Boring” Sherlock shrugged and stopped, making John halt and turn to look at him questioningly. “I have to tell you something” Sherlock looked at John in that intense way that made John squirm. John closed his eyes, preparing for the worst when he felt Sherlock’s hand on his cheek, caressing softly, urging him, silently, to open his eyes again “Nothing too bad, don’t worry” Sherlock smiled softly and John took a deep breath.
“Much” Sherlock kissed John’s chest and looked up “Have I told you how much I love you today?” His hand arrived to his point of interest and gave a little squeeze making John squirm
Just like in any other family, John was the youngest of two. Harry, older brother, eight years his senior, the pride and joy of mummy and daddy alike, was considered brilliant and just to follow gramps’ example, he wanted to become a lawyer, dad had patted his back and congratulated him on his choice of career and had called him brilliant, smart, intelligent “A good man to rely on, a real Watson”, and John understood that even though he was brave, he was nowhere near brilliant. That night, after their confessions, his older brother had mocked him, called him silly, and John decided to keep his dream to himself and move forward.
John removed his fingers from Sherlock and prepared himself, he was ready to come, so he took a few steadying breaths and thought about dead bodies, infectious diseases, terminal illnesses, as he covered his length with lube. He managed to keep his eyes open as he entered Sherlock, looking down at that gorgeous face contort with pleasure. The first breach left Sherlock breathless and John stopped himself from thrusting deep and fast, letting Sherlock adjust to the sensation.
The silent communication they had shared since they met became clearer, more intimate; more certain. One look, one touch, one smile, just the movement of a hand and they would know how the other was, that familiarity now heightened by the union of their bodies and the way they had shared each other. Sherlock sighed happily and John couldn’t help but feel his chest fill with joy and he laughed, hard and loud, a bout of laughter that had Sherlock laughing along, happily.
At first Mycroft had thought his brother suffered from some sort of OCD, but seeing his messy bedroom, the way he conducted some of his experiments, how messy he was with his school notes and how he could care less about many other things, he dismissed the idea and looked for other potential ailments. When Sherlock started dating Victor, he thought his brother suffered from a form of Asperger’s, but he soon dismissed the idea too, since he remembered how affectionate Sherlock had been as a child with his sister, with Victor and of course with his dog.
Stories and histories. Stories may be changed, histories stay as they are, stories mark people; histories, the universe; for example, in 9 out of 10 stories the Titanic sinks, in one, it arrives safely to New York; in history, the Titanic sinks and 1.500 people die.
, and this might be the last he sees his son, after all, he's close to sixty. Kanmi is learning to fish... boring... but he indulges his father who's setting the lines and patiently teaches his youngest to place the barb correctly, before showing his renown "arc" and the correct way to strike, before boarding the boat. A servant will paddle.
“Oh, no, not at all” Sherlock grinned and sniffed again “I just realised your deodorant has a very musky scent” He took another deep breath.
“There is one thing you need to know, John” Violet smiled at him and shook her head when John tried to give her the money they had spent “Our son” Siger grabbed her hand “Is… difficult” She licked her lips “But since he met you, even before you became friends, well…”
The silence that followed lasted until Sherlock returned to his Hilary and Mycroft wished him a nice time. He would write to Sherlock whenever his informants told him of a bad mood or when they suspected it might be a danger night. Sure, they had cut that problem from the beginning, but Sherlock was prone to easy addiction, as proved by his long hours at the lab, forgetting to eat or sleep; his increasingly long hours at the dance studio, where he danced until his toes bled, or his large hours with his violin, which he played until his fingers bled.
Sherlock smiled nervously at John and nodded. John opened the door to his family and after a few seconds of awkward shyness, he steeled himself and walked down to greet them.
“I’m sorry” John whispered and rubbed Sherlock’s shoulder. The touch, even under the duvet felt like fire and Sherlock jumped away, he needed time to process, to think, he needed to yell, he needed to do something other than to keep wallowing and drowning in self-pity. He still wanted John, but at the same time he needed to know if John wanted him… truly wanted him…
"Callistus" says the name on the door, and according to the most privileged clients of the establishment, the ones that have paid top money to see his face, he does honour the meaning of the name, for he truly is beautiful. Curly dark hair, watercolour, mercurial eyes, long, slender body, thin but not wiry, a face with cheekbones that could cut, full lips in a cupid's bow. He looks like a walking, living, Greek marble statue, for he seems to be made of marble.
Mycroft was silent witness to the exchange, feeling a warm feeling spread over his chest; he had never seen his brother this happy and all he wanted was to build a bubble surrounded by soft cotton and clear blue skies to keep Sherlock in the same exhilarating state for ever. He saw them approach the car and climbed out, unable to hide his happy smile. Sherlock looked at him, first with a glare, then a stare and finally a fond look in his eyes, one Mycroft hadn’t seen in many years.
“Fifteen. But I do those in two or three days, tops” He shrugged again and John couldn’t help but snigger. “What?” Sherlock tried to sound angry but he hadn’t enough heat in his voice and chuckled too “I get too bored. I read the material really fast. I could finish school this year if I wanted by taking exams, but I have to complete lab hours” He rolled his eyes “Mummy said she wanted for me to have the full University experience, so I’m pleasing her and the entire family by tolerating school for as long as I find it tolerable” Sherlock sighed deeply “My professors are quite pleased with my work and are willing to help me advance as fast as possible, but I have to complete the laid out plan, even if it means more boring hours than not”
John just blinked several times, trying to catch with everything Sherlock was saying. He was supposed to be finishing his third year, not University, he’s just eighteen! And going to college for three years already… John sighed… he needed to remember he was dating a freaking genius that solved a crime in less than a minute…
John found out through a couple of friends that this “Anderson chap”, as some of his friends referred to the moron, was harassing Sherlock; even though John was annoyed, there wasn’t much he could do, except support his beautiful boyfriend -tell his brother in law, even though Sherlock had no idea he wanted to propose- and reassure him that he wasn’t a freak, that he was clever, a genius and that he had earned the right to be where he was. Sherlock tried with all his might not to listen, not to care, but being with John, since John, he couldn’t be as cold and hard as he once was.
“Don’t have anyone to help me with Rosie” He said in way of greeting as soon as Greg picked up the phone, Greg sighed deeply and John see him rubbing his hand over his face.
His wayward thoughts got him a bit of trouble a couple of times, mostly because he would freeze in the middle of a sentence, an answer, a procedure; lately he’s been concentrating harder on controlling this particular thought, this line of thinking that left him breathless, uncoordinated, and happy as hell. Mike caught his eye one afternoon, he had taken to walk around the park near Bart’s to relax before classes and he found John standing in the middle of a walking path, smiling at the void, a huge grin on his face and his eyes dazed, lost somewhere or in some memory. Mike snapped him out of it by calling his name and John focused on his friend.
Adulthood came rushing to the Holmes house when Mycroft brought his first girlfriend to meet the parents at the age of twenty one. Eurus was curious about this “Anthea” that flaunted around their home with short skirts and tight shirts during summer vacation. She saw the way Mycroft looked at her when she waltzed around holding his hand or kissing his cheek and Eurus noticed the way her brother’s pulse quickened and his breathing changed. Eurus started an experiment of her own, and over the next few days analysed the behaviour of several male members of her family, Papa excluded of course, when around Anthea, and what she found out both startled and relaxed her in a way. Sherlock, her brother, the apple of her eye wasn’t interested at all in Anthea, but his eyes changed whenever silly Victor was around
“I’ve also been accepted at King’s for the Forensics’ programme” Sherlock continued “Getting the doctorate there; I’ll study for the next couple of years and get both the forensics and chemistry” John nodded, baffled “Mrs. Hudson is waiting for me at the flat over Baker, already moved a few things” He bit his lower lip, John knew he was pondering about…something “I also got this” He handed John the envelope “Mycroft gave it to me yesterday” He looked down and waited.
John was halfway on his third year, he was as busy as expected of a third year medical student; this meant that he had less time to spend with his little family, long shifts, long study hours, lack of sleep, amongst others, gave them little time to be together, but they tried their hardest, taking advantage of the little moments they could share.
They bounced on the bed together, arms and leg flying in every direction. Sherlock chuckled and John laughed, grinning at each other they locked eyes, and this time, John’s eyes asked for permission and Sherlock agreed with a slight nod. John started kissing him, his eyelids, his cheeks, his ears, and then he concentrated all his efforts on his neck, going down until he reached Sherlock’s navel; slowly, he opened his trousers’ button and slid the fabric down Sherlock’s long, pale legs, followed closely by his briefs. Standing, John took a look at the beautiful creature on the bed, his want reflected in his eyes and his cock.
“THAT’S NOT THE POINT!” John shouted “That’s not the point” He shook his head “The point is that you lied to me… you hid the truth from me…” He rubbed his forehead with his fingers. Sherlock was baffled; he was to blame for everything that was happening between them
“I can’t do it like this anymore…” John rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s knuckles; taking the opportunity life was giving him “I was so afraid to tell you…” He sighed and looked at Sherlock’s blueish-greenish eyes and got lost in them “I was so afraid that if you knew I was… failing… you’ll leave me again…” John confessed and Sherlock pulled him into a hug
They shared breakfast in companionable silence, the only noises coming from Rosie’s babbling and the occasional word interspersed between babbling bouts. They would smile at her, coo her, but they didn’t talk, it was extremely pleasurable sitting next to each other, enjoying the company. At some point the comfortable silence turned into a reflexive one; Sherlock had agreed to meet John’s family and he was starting to feel nervous; he wanted to be liked by them, but at the same time, after all John had told him about them, he was sure it wasn’t about them liking him, but him liking them.
I was in Egypt then, the year Socrates died, 399 B.C. I have a faint memory of blinding pain in my chest -I guess it was the loss of my future mother- I couldn't breathe for almost a minute, but once it was over I turned back to my papyrus.
He refused to check his phone or answer Sherlock’s calls. After two days, even Rosie noticed something was wrong and cried at the exact time Sherlock was supposed to call. Rosie missed him too, just as much as John did; but John tried to be strong, he couldn’t ask Sherlock to come back, he was visiting his grandmother, in France of all places! John had to give him time… At least that was a good excuse.
“Lord Holmes?” John chuckled, amused, Sherlock simply nodded and John removed the contents from the envelope “You’re joking, right?” John kept on reading “And all those zeroes?”
As every first things usually happen, an accidental bump, a stumble and a hand around another, had them holding hands for the first time. The sensation was like nothing either one had ever experienced. The shivers that ran down Sherlock spine felt like electricity; the butterflies flying around John’s stomach made him feel giddy and happy, unable to stop smiling. It wasn’t the first time either had been in love, but it was the first time being in love was this amazing, comforting, safe…
David was caught two days later, Sherlock made sure of that, he found him at a coffee shop near Mary and John’s flat. When Sherlock located him he called Lestrade -after five years he still refuses to acknowledge his name is Greg- and they made an arrest. When questioned for the reason to his whereabouts, he said he wanted to pick his daughter up, meet her properly and take her with him. During his confession David revealed that he wanted to stop the wedding and Mary had refused, when he had pointed out that she was marrying a fag, Mary had glared at him, defended John as the best man she had ever met, called herself Mary Watson and ordered him to leave. When Mary said that Rosie Watson was John’s daughter and not his, David was consumed by a rage he hadn’t known, he had used the screwdriver -which he had brought to open the window from outside- to stab her in the chest and then in the abdomen. Mary hadn’t fought, she had simply allowed him to kill her and before she died she had whispered Rosie’s name and then John’s; when David heard Mr. Morstan’s voice outside the door he fled the scene as quietly as possible and closed the window.
One of the many faceless soldiers, no family, no friends. MEAT... and a wandering soul. Can't remember the year, but I remember the ache, all over my body, my heart clenching, my gut wrenching, hands quivering, a faceless being asking me to wait. WAIT!
John turned on his heels about to ask what the boy meant when he found himself under the inquisitive eyes once again and his throat was dry and he had to lick his lips and he saw those eyes travel down and fix on his mouth and John felt as he had won a rugby match, breathless, agitated, a rush of adrenaline running all over his body, immensely happy and excited because the boy was interested. He walked to him and they were standing almost chest to chest and the universe collapsed; worlds collided and the history of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson began with a big bang.
“Look, Mum” John rubbed the back of his neck “I’m not hiding him from you” He shifted on his feet “It’s just too… new…” He shook his head and closed his eyes, looking for the words to avoid offending his mother “I still remember what happened when you met James” John licked his lips, he suddenly felt very thirsty “Dad yelled, you cried, Harry almost punched him and both Dad and Harry threatened to beat the gay out of me” John rubbed his face.
“The baby is not his, Molly told me” Eurus countered “But if you want to wait… well…” She fell silent and Sherlock huffed.
Rosie’s schedule was what moved them, crime scenes, shifts and nappy changes were programmed to the clock and they tried to keep the routine for their sake. Sherlock would help John with his readings, getting him journals and checking patient files, whilst John would help him with cold cases and real crime scenes. If they both had to leave the flat, Mrs. Hudson would be more than willing to help them with Rosie, and when not, there was always Molly, and even Eurus and Jim would come and help them.
“Two months yesterday” John muttered “I know it’s soon. Pa” Henry looked at his son, it had been years since he called him that “But it feels so right” John sighed and smiled as he watched Rosie smearing some of her apple sauce on Sherlock’s hair, Sherlock’s laughter filled the kitchen along with Rosie’s giggles.
“Of course…” Mary bit her lip and glanced to the side, considering the “issue”, John’s boyfriend, James “Perfect” Sholto. Even though she loved James and respected their relationship, she was desperate, scared, alone… she was seventeen after all… and in 90 seconds her life turned upside down; instead of planning her years at Cambridge, she was planning on lying to her parents, tell them the baby was John’s and have John, her best friend in the entire world, to lie for her and put his current life at risk, because her life changed in 90 seconds.
“What I said” Mycroft cleared his throat after a few minutes of silence “About helping you” Mycroft looked awkwardly at John to gauge his reaction “I’m sorry” Mycroft apologised and John nodded, letting his guard down slightly “But the offer stands” Mycroft glanced at John again “Not to buy you” Mycroft hurried “Just to help you out” John shifted uncomfortably on his seat “So you don’t overwork yourself” Mycroft kept his eyes on the road, his knuckles white from the force with which he was holding the steering wheel “A sort of Holmes scholarship for outstanding students” Mycroft kept his eyes fixed on the road, unable to look at John but waiting for the lash out.
Three weeks later, John was in private plane with Rosie going to France. Paris is as beautiful as John imagined, but it turned into something breath taking the moment he laid eyes on Sherlock. He looked more ethereal than ever, the blue scarf around his neck made his pale complexion look even more marmoreal than ever, his eyes seemed as deep as the ocean, and his lips more red than ever. John forgot how to breathe and berated himself for being angry to this wonderful creature for something out of his control.
During the ride, Sherlock pondered about the circumstances of said relationship. He did everything John wanted, everything he asked him to do… at some point, he stopped being Sherlock Holmes to become John Watson’s… something… And he could feel the blood in his veins boil, and guilt turned in to anger… He had given everything up for John Watson
He was supposed to board that train. He was supposed to follow Bill and the gang and go back to London, back to headquarters, back to Afghanistan for the third time.
After sharing a wonderful breakfast, and missing another opportunity to kiss, Sherlock walked John back to his Britton Street flat. He said goodbye to Rosie and gave and awkward hug to John before hailing a cab to Paddington.
Sherlock stood for a while in the street, berating himself for not taking the chance and kissing John, like he wanted, but somehow he felt it wasn’t the time yet. He hailed another cab and returned to his brother’s flat, pleased to find a text message from John when he connected his phone to the charger.
“I’m going to Belgravia” Sherlock pointed behind him “You’re going to Barbican” He shifted on his feet “I’ll take the next one” He attempted a smile but failed. He was waiting for John’s answer when he saw the inconspicuous black car approaching the kerb and tried not to scowl.
John moved up to kiss him until they were both breathless and he reached for what he needed on his bedside table, he took the lube and condoms but Sherlock stopped him and threw the condoms box away. John looked at him quizzically and Sherlock simply shook his head “Just you” he whispered against John’s neck.
“Rosie” She pointed to the rose and all they could do to not faint was stare at each other and smile like idiots. The afternoon turned into night, Rosie yawned and they took her back to the flat, before she fell asleep, she took Sherlock’s finger in her hand and squeezed “Dada” she said and seconds later, after staring for over a minute to Sherlock’s astounded expressions, she fell asleep with a content sigh; her mission was done, she had started to talk.
Rosie brought them back to reality with a shrill cry of excitement when Mrs. Hudson made her appearance, they had no idea how long she might have been there but they were soon out of their own reveries and paying attention to the little girl who was now covered in banana puree and honey from her ears. John sighed and picked her up, nodding politely to Mrs. Hudson who just looked at him adoringly.
“The day we met, you had a stain of food on your sleeve. It was clearly hotpot, the smell of baked potatoes told me it was Lancashire. You clearly ate it a few days prior because your jacket still held a whiff of the smell” Sherlock’s eyes were looking at John intently “You had it again today, the same stain on you left sleeve. You also have stains on your shirt indicating that you changed Rosie several times, always staining the same spot and trying to clean it with baby wipes and marginally succeeding” he gave a once over to John.
Three days later, after Rosie’s much insistence -yeah right-, John finally answered Sherlock’s call.
After their encounter with Donovan and Anderson, John’s display of masculinity had them exploring each other, in as many ways as possible, they’d been exploring their bodies, their needs, and most of all each other’s kinks and fantasies, quite often, it must be said. Sherlock wanted to be… subdued… by the though rugby captain and John wanted to be marvelled by the scientist and his knowledge. They explored role playing; played doctor, teacher and student, strangers… they would find new and ingenious ways to spice their sex life, although, if given the choice, they enjoyed sweet lovemaking.
Their morning started with Rosie calling for daddy. John startled awake and looked around him trying to figure out where in the hell he was, not having anything but a few unpacked boxes and Sherlock’s warm body next to his to make him realise he was home.
As for John, the week was hellish too. He had a fight with his entire family when he announced he was taking Rosie all the way to Oxford to visit his boyfriend. His father yelled, his brother almost punched him, his mother cried the entire afternoon; “so there goes the only people available to help me with Rosie”, John muttered when he told Sherlock about what had happened during their night call.
“Lube” John demanded, leaving his naked body shuddering and wanting more. A shaky hand pointed to the bedside table and John smiled hungrily. When John returned, after a long eternity, he looked at Sherlock and the lust had given way to love, admiration, adoration, a bit of fear and uncertainty. Sherlock reached for his face and smiled up at him. That was all John needed before he was kissing him hungrily again…
By three he had eaten half a cake and a tin of biscuits and gathered all the information he needed; he prepared an envelope and was right on time to send it by mail to Mrs. Hudson’s lawyer, all the evidence against her husband contained within. As soon as he left the post office he resumed walking towards the yard, his mind on the case; he couldn’t believe how unbelievably idiotic the members of the yard were.
At seventeen, a day after his birthday, he finally came out to his parents; he had kept James a secret for almost a year, but it was time to face the music.
“Yeah” John beamed at the memory, even though it was a sad one “He works with the police, he has a friend there and helps him with cases. Right now he’s working with some cold cases and has solved a few already” John said proudly “He’s been accepted at King’s College to study a Master’s in forensics” He smiled widely “He just finished his chemistry studies in Oxford.
Titus feels his heart about to explode. He opens his eyes and finds himself surrounded by several concerned faces belonging to his fellow senators. He's helped home by one of his service men. He asks to be alone to recover. Next morning he doesn't go to the Senate. Last night, he prepared some milk with AKONITON, effectively numbing, and ending, the searing pain.
Ever since "Cain" killed "Abel", souls were punished, you see... soul-kind frowns upon killing, especially when you kill your soulmate for reasons that are not reasons...
I hear him coming up the stairs, he's bought milk, not a trying day, good mood, he's whistling our tune... Good day to talk...
As for Sherlock, he enjoyed the moments he spent with John. He was certain he was in love with the young man, all he dreamt was about the day he could hold him close, kiss him; be by his side. He realised, after the fourth night; that he loved Rosie too, his happiness when Rosie recognised him was beyond anything he could explain and he couldn’t wait to hold her too.
“Sherlock?” Victor had approached him while Sherlock was lost in the memory, he felt a hand on his shoulder but he didn’t feel the thrill, he looked at the offending limb and rolled his eyes; Victor took the hint and retired the hand.
“I was in the lab part of the afternoon. Almost since I arrived” Sherlock shook his head and his raven curls bounced all over “I read the material for tomorrow’s lectures and completed the lab hours for the week” Sherlock sighed “My experiments were successful but I got bored after four hours” He continued, as if rambling “I talked to my sister, my mum and came to the flat at around seven”
John had to remind himself he was grieving for the loss of his friend and future wife, but he couldn’t find in himself to look away from the celestial creature that had approached him and was looking at him as if he had found something precious, a hidden treasure worth all his attention. Blue/green eyes with pupils blown wide bored over him, he noticed the strangers pulse, it was erratic, his eyes got lost for a second on the bobbing Adam’s apple going up and down as the stranger swallowed, and swallowed hard, filling John’s mind with all sorts of ideas and desires; the stranger had difficulty breathing, short deep breaths and shorter exhales, startled and interested …
“I don’t want to sit down” John looked around, trying to listen if somebody else was in the house “I’m here for my daughter” he added.
“Are you sure?” Sherlock nodded and smiled, John just kissed him and held him close “London is definitely not London without you”
Sherlock was nineteen, almost out of University with his degree in Chemistry when Victor had convinced him to join the drama club. Sherlock was reluctant at first but Victor could be very persuasive… no wander he chose to study diplomacy…
“And who’s the cutie?” Irene asked with a sickly sweet voice “The baby, I mean” Both Sherlock and John huffed at the same time.
“Six months ago I successfully proved to Lestrade at the time of a particularly vicious triple murder that Angelo was in a completely different part of town, house-breaking” Sherlock smiled lopsidedly and Angelo beamed at him.
it... Being Sherlock Holmes), a comic relief (Go Mrs. H!!), a fool (Anderson, turn around... you lower the IQ of the entire street); and off course, the main character, death.
“I talked to Mrs. Hudson” Sherlock bit his lower lip again and looked out the window, what if John didn’t want to live with him?
“Yeah, when a man I thought was my friend started fucking my boyfriend” John grunted “I would never do that to him” John answered sadly.
“Very” John took a deep breath and leaned his head on Sherlock’s, his hand going up and down over Sherlock’s back, the scars no longer triggers to memories now that he knew how he got them “Are you happy?” John kissed Sherlock’s forehead and let his hand wander further down
“Do you wanna have fun?” Sherlock whispered in John’s ear and made him shiver, as response, John grabbed Sherlock’s arse and bit his lower lip, Sherlock moaned and thrusted up, his very interested cock making itself known through his very thin trousers.
“Of course, dear” She cooed and served him another cup “The second bedroom could be used as a baby’s room” She winked and Sherlock blushed.
“She’s right” John kissed Sherlock’s cheek “You’re her Dada in many ways” He smirked and gave Sherlock a loving kiss on the lips. Sherlock just gaped and tried to connect his brain to his tongue once again, but he found himself rendered speechless by the events of the day. Sherlock stayed awake the entire night, watching both his loves sleep; he couldn’t believe how lucky he was; he had a wonderful man by his side; he had a daughter -she had pointed him as her dada- Sherlock smiled fondly at the memory; and what made everything better was that he was about to finish school.
“Irene” Sherlock used his best -you prick- voice “John Watson and Rosie Watson” he pointed at the screen “John. This is Irene” he pointed to the voluptuous, obnoxious, brunette “My soon to be ex-best friend from University” He almost snarled at her when she leaned over again and her entire face covered the camera.
“That’s it?” John tried not to laugh. Sherlock was too nervous, everything was so new and he had to remind himself, constantly that Sherlock had a brain that works in overtime.
They reached the street and while they packed the car, John’s mum made her appearance. The last time John had seen her was a week ago when she came to look after Rosie only to find that her granddaughter wasn’t there. The fight that followed was an epic one; Julia Watson was outraged, she couldn’t believe Rosie was under the care of some strangers that John had never mentioned.
They met at their usual, The Bench. It was slightly awkward at first but then John kissed Sherlock deeply and everything was settled, from the butterflies in their stomachs to the wrecked nerves.
, formed a government; but Caesar's ambition was greater than anything else, this is when our story begins.
“I was invited” Sherlock ignored the jab and continued looking for clues, he had the case almost solved, it was the usual, a spat between friends, things got heated and the murderer acted in the heat of the moment, blunt force trauma to the head and then rearranged the body to make it look as if he had fallen on the shower.
Silas is a good man, but even a good man knows certain things. Silas and his friends know of these "houses", he's been there a couple of times and has enjoyed the company of many ladies (and not a few men). His father keeps quiet at the table, but when alone, he congratulates him for having many ladies (father doesn't know about his not few men), they know the new precepts, but they also ignore them, most of them simply don't fit in their way of life. But, Silas thinks, what father doesn't know won't hurt him.
“Not really, you only work while you’re in school because the Doctor at the surgery is your teacher and he could give you the week off easily” Sherlock answered and bit his lip; he wasn’t supposed to know that.
As I told you, my work hours are crazy, I work twenty one days each month and have only seven days free... @-@ (I know!) which is why I update every month. Thank you to my few but faithful followers for the patience and for reading this silly fic.  I love you all and Happy Sherlock!
They talked, every single day, about their expectations, their needs, their dreams and fears; and even though all they wanted was to ravish each other, they decided to wait, the time will come and it will be perfect. Sherlock had to admit he was scared -terrified is more like it- but he wanted John more than he ever wanted anything in his life; he had no idea how to propose to John to move forward and rush things a bit; he wanted their first night at the flat to be their first night together, but exhaustion got the best of them; after that, there was always something, a case, a night shift, or a day shift, school, practices, family visits, friends coming to study or to visit, and there was always Rosie…
Yes, they love her to pieces, and they both know that having her in their lives makes everything better, worthy of any sacrifice; because as Sherlock so eloquently put it once, while he washed all the mashed potatoes from his hair “life will be dull without her, John”
“I can’t” Sherlock tried to articulate… something… the words jumbling in his mind. He took a deep breath and tried again “I can’t keep doing this back and forth… I need to know…” His breath hitched when he felt John’s hand reach for his
“That he’s an idiot” John tried not to chuckle “We had to work on an analysis and the moron got it all wrong. I kept saying to him what he should look for, but he refused to listen” Sherlock huffed “It was simple, he just had to check the hands of the victim” Sherlock shook his head, dislodging John’s fingers again “He asked how I knew, so I told him I knew the same way I knew he had failed his exams twice and if he didn’t pass this time he would be out of the programme”
“Yeah” John smiled, his mind wondering back to last night and how he had to contain himself to not pop the question while they were doing the dishes. “Jus’ thinking” He played with his jacket zipper.
That night, during their call, he told Sherlock about the offer and Sherlock told him in his very “subtle” way of telling things “You’re an idiot, John” and he smirked -how could John feel offended?- “Take the offer” He took a deep breath “They’re quite good” Sherlock bit his lower lip “They raised me… after all” he blushed and John was lost, all he could do was nod and the next day he asked Violet to keep Rosie until the weekend.
“Everything’s fine” John shrugged “Bill and Mike are fine, helpful as ever, Sherlock’s sister, Eurus is a wonderful friend, so are Molly and Greg, the police officer that works with Sherlock” John continued talking “Sherlock’s parents are a great help, they take care of Rosie every single day, and now we have Mrs. Hudson, the landlady” He explained “As school goes, I’m doing great, keeping my scores and my scholarship, just been offered to be the captain of the rugby team, and received a letter from the RAMC, telling me that my practices have been programmed in the next couple of years at Sierra Leone” He did a quick recount of his life.
“I missed you too” Sherlock leaned close to John and kissed his forehead “Dinner?” He asked and John nodded “Italian?” John nodded again.
As I was writing, we become. And my soulmate and I became under the pen of a writer, but not before we almost lost each other...
London, same cesspool since it was named London... And as usual, cue Stamford, is it Stamford this time too? But something's different. His eyes...
John grabbed Sherlock’s waist and pushed the door closed with his foot while he kissed the young man passionately, his hands wandered over his body, relishing on the feeling of those firm abs and that sweet arse he had seen and craved for what seemed aeons, but were just a couple weeks.
They arrived to the crime scene and most of Greg’s team vacated the premises as soon as Sherlock and John arrived; he did his magic, looked around, stooped down, looked at the body, touched, smelled and much to John’s chagrin, tasted a few things. He started rattling information to Greg when he was called out, John followed to get the call from Mrs. H; it might be something about Rosie, and Sherlock was left alone with the body and the evidence.
“As soon as you’re done with school; just a week, and then we can go back to London, get ready for school… I don’t know” Sherlock rubbed the back of his neck and held the phone tighter.
“It’s fine” Sherlock let out the breath he’d been holding “I guess I’ll have to wait and see what happens when I return to London for good” He bit his lower lip and kept silent for a moment “Besides” He was ready to give the next excuse “He has a baby and his plate is full”
“Sherlock” A deep, baritone voice responded… John felt his knees go weak and let go, kissing back with all he had… His hands started exploring up and down that lean body, firm arse, glut… strong back… long legs… a delicious neck… and soft, soft hair…
I know!!! You few but faithful probably hate me right now, but I got a job! I'm super excited! I'll tell you all about it in another fic, as soon as I have more free time. Thank you for hanging with me and this story. I'll give you all I can this next couple of days before I leave again. Love you all and happy Sherlock! G.
“Right” Sherlock nodded slowly “She was the one looking for newer, more… sturdier… wicks” Sherlock clicked his tongue and Mycroft sighed deeply, frustrated.
“He’s good” Sherlock answered, unfazed by the look but surprised by the question “Not just to me, Mamie” Sherlock sighed “But to everyone he meets” He gave her a smile that never reached his eyes.
"I want to delete him from your memory," my John mutters against my neck. I shiver and he smirks. "Looks like I already have," voice low, husky, seductive, and I feel it, like every time, like the first time, fire.
“Vouz approuvez?” The only approval Sherlock ever asked for and even wanted was Mamie’s, he loved her deeply.
“We have time” She smiled fondly at her grandson and took his hand, slightly pulling him before leading the way back to the house.
“I wouldn’t allow it” John shook his head “We agreed we’ll try” He took Rosie from Sherlock’s arms and rocked her softly. “Let me put her to bed and we’ll talk” John went back to the bedroom and Sherlock followed.
I look at him as he's lost in the memory and a sudden rush of sadness overcomes me. Suddenly I start recalling what happened to the other me, the first one of me I remember. Sherlock can sense my distress and reaches for me, his hand on my knee helps with the panic and clears the images.
“I won’t hold you to that promise” Mary whispered in his ear and John just looked at her, utterly lost for the first time in his life.
He made one last attempt to call him, took a deep breath and waited for the out voice message to start
For an entire week, he watched Sherlock interact with the women of his family; he knew Sherlock had an older brother that had returned to London three weeks ago with their father, work related issues. John took his time to really observe Sherlock; he would “hide” behind the large curtains and observe him with his sister, his mother and his grandmother; he even was the silent witness of Sherlock interacting with little Rosie when nobody else was looking; he saw him take her to the greenhouse, chat with her about flowers, bees, in French, and Rosie watched him with rapt attention.
“He has a new boyfriend” John breathed out shakily, eyes closed, fists clenched to the sides, Mary looked at him questioningly and John just took a deep breath and held it. Mary let out a little “oh” of realization and held him close, there was nothing else left to do. “He’s my age” John continued and Mary just listened “A Chemistry Bachelor. Apparently I’ve met him, but I don’t know who he is” John shivered and Mary helped him sit. “They met at the registration office” John’s voice was coarse, holding the sobs and his eyes prickled with tears “They’d been talking for months, even before classes started” John crumbled and Mary wanted to kill James, somehow she knew John “proposing” to her wasn’t reason enough for such a nasty break up.
They smiled at each other and started a new routine, getting baby Rosie ready for the day. First the morning cuddles and cooing, followed by words of love and prises for being such a wonderful girl and not crying, followed by a nappy change performed by both… something managed a bit awkwardly the first four times but perfected in time whenever they met and had to change Rosie. They changed her into the morning onesie, the one that looked like a bee, which Sherlock had bought for her during their stay in France.
By 4 pm he was standing outside the coffee shop, Rosie in his arms and his eyes looking for his friend.
Life with her was like a dream, a very hectic dream. Sherlock was lost in love with her, just as much as John, charming, sweet, little girl that would melt them with one look; but as much as they loved her, the little respites of time they got from taking care of her meant a lot to them. Having even a few moments of silence apart from the squealing baby that got excited with an ant as much as she did with the buzzing lights, was something to look for.
They ended up in Liverpool, sharing beers with Liverpool fans and chatting up university girls… Long story short, the heart… well… the dick wants what the dick wants and said appendage decided to follow the girl’s back to Oxford…
The spell was broken when one of his regulars came and paid Phares for the night. The stranger left, and he couldn't even see his face...
The ride to Baker Street, to John’s dismay, wasn’t as uncomfortable as he expected. Mycroft interacted with him differently after the interrogatory back at the house. He was amicable and respectful. Instead of bombarding him with facts, he decided to actually talk to him and ask about his life.
He arrived to London the day before the wedding and met with old acquaintances. He invited Molly for a late lunch and they chatted for long hours about what he had done for his eighteenth birthday, what she had planned on doing for her eighteenth birthday, how things were at University, how he felt about chemistry and how she felt about medicine. She mentioned, quite briefly, Victor’s new boyfriend, Sherlock scowled, paled and felt his heart thump in his chest; Molly patted his hand and promised to be there for him no matter what.
Sherlock arrived to his brother’s house around 10 pm, the first thing he wanted to do was text John, but wasn’t sure, instead he texted Irene and she “suggested” -more like forced- Sherlock to write to John and thank him for the lovely evening.
“No idea how?” Sherlock stood and started pacing like a caged lion, huffing and shaking his head, trying to understand when all went so wrong “We’re supposed to be partners” He said to the room “Are you ever going to trust me?” He asked, his voice betraying the emotion, utter sadness and anger.
He knows what I know, he sees what I see. But there's one thing... He knows when I die, but I never seem to know when he does. It seems as if he's lived for ever. I have to know, I need to know. "Did you die?"
“How long have you been together?” Henry asked his son, his eyes focused solely on Sherlock and Rosie.
A gentle snoring sound to his left caught John’s attention. Apparently, he was not the only one their morning activities had taken their toll on. He turned his head to look at Sherlock and smiled when he let his gaze roam over the pile of tangled duvet, long limbs and sweaty, dishevelled curls.
Sherlock was relieved when John asked him no more questions about emotional context. He knelt down on the soft leather cushions, his knees a shoulder-width apart, then leant forward to brace both forearms on the backrest. He rested his head on top of his arms for comfort and arched his hips ever so slightly to draw John’s attention even more to the pale skin of his arse. The mere thought of having the whole area covered with red, stinging welts was enough to make Sherlock’s half-hard cock twitch in anticipation.
There was a short moment where they were both rather surprised by how naturally they fell into this roleplay. Sherlock had let nothing on about this particular kink in the past, not that John had noticed.
Lestrade rolled his eyes at him. “For God’s sake, Sherlock, are you even interested in the bloody case?” he asked mildly annoyed.
“Sherlock, wait!” John shouted when his boyfriend ran after the suspect without due care. Thomas would eventually figure out that the safety on his gun was still on.
After a brief silence, John went on: “Also, I enjoy taking care of you. Not only but especially when it comes to making sure that you get enough food and sleep.”
John blinked awake to the sound of his phone buzzing silently on the wooden surface of the bedside table. As soon as he opened his eyes to the unbearably bright room a mild headache made itself known at the edges of his now conscious mind. That much he’d expected after three pints… What he didn’t expect was a phone call from Clara – his sister’s ex-wife but not quite ex-girlfriend. Normally, John would have gone to the sitting room as not to wake Sherlock, but Sherlock was still sleeping half on top of him, one arm thrown possessively over his stomach.
Of course he did. It had happened during the Moriarty case. Sherlock had been working non-stop, wrapping up cold cases and actively trying to save hostages. The inevitable showdown with Moriarty and his snipers had kept him going for a while, but when the adrenaline eventually subsided, he’d almost collapsed in the middle of the sitting room. John had barely managed to make him sleep in their bed instead of on the sofa. The following quarrel had been a bit not good.
Ninety minutes later they were sitting in Lestrade’s office, giving their statements and wrapping up the case officially. Sherlock listened with feigned interest when they went over John’s statement for a second time and slowly drifted deeper and deeper into his mind palace.
Ten minutes later John entered the sitting room with a bottle of lube, a middle-sized butt plug, leather-padded handcuffs and Sherlock’s riding crop. When Sherlock caught sight of the latter, his skin began to tingle with fearful anticipation. It was a love-hate relationship to say the least. He relished the sharp sting that made him gasp and moan with each stroke, more precise than a paddle but nowhere near as painful as a cane. Sherlock’s pain threshold was rather low for a sub.
“Morning, sweetheart,” he mumbled drowsily and wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s waist, pulled the other man’s slender frame closer against his own body.
– or whatever it is the two of you are – get in a fight again, I don’t want either of you to bother me with the details or ask for advice.” Sherlock’s tone was harsh.
John had no alternative but to run after the killer as well in order to protect Sherlock. He still had his service gun, now tightly clutched in his left hand, and was ready to use it if he had to. Sherlock knew that as well, but that didn’t give him a bloody reason to run after an armed murderer!
Sherlock arched up into John’s fist but instead of tipping him over the edge, John quickly closed his thumb and index finger around the base of Sherlock’s erection in a tight circle. Sherlock arched his neck and gave a frustrated, high-pitched whine when he realised that his desperate need for release was neglected for the sixth time in quick succession. His thighs were trembling hard and his cock twitched helplessly, but John only released the tight grip when he was sure that Sherlock wouldn’t come the moment he let go.
. “Someone whose mind is blissfully blank most of the time, barely used. All those little oh-so important things you concern yourself with day to day mean nothing to me. You’re easily pleased but I’M BORED!”
John set all items down on the coffee table and moved to stand in front of the kneeling man. He’d have to speak with Sherlock first, make him comprehend
“It’s yours, but it’s probably cold by now,” John explained and closed the lid of his laptop. “I could make you a fresh cuppa if you like.”
John tried hard not to blush and give the nature of Sherlock’s 'apology' away when he remembered last evening’s scene. However, he couldn’t supress a little smirk. “Actually, yes. Yes, he did.”
me come,” Sherlock begged breathlessly and placed his other hand on the pillow as well, completely submitting himself to John’s mercy.
Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table of 221B, working on an experiment, when he heard John’s slightly unnerved voice from the sitting room – something that he had been waiting for since…
Sherlock quickly put on his shoes and by the time he slipped on his coat John was already on his feet. He hurried to get ready as well, not without picking up his gun from his bedside table. When he came back into the sitting room, Sherlock spun around on his feet, Belstaff swirling behind him. He was clearly looking for something and John knew exactly what. He went to his own chair by the fireplace and held up Sherlock’s scarf.
Sherlock contemplated the possibilities of that aspect given their developing dynamics. “I haven’t changed my mind about that, but under the right circumstances I might let you take care of me. I’m still married to my work, but feel free to
He had to circle around a row of flats to enter the narrow alley behind Baker Street, but the detour wasn’t unpleasant. The rain seemed to wash away some of the pollution in the air, and for a moment, he imagined he could smell his family’s farm. Freshly cut grass, damp soil, and something floral hit his nose as he approached the back of the flat.
“Use your skills as an internet blogger to wax poetic. Tell me, Sir,” Sherlock said coyly, stepping back and turning in a slow circle for his Captain, “how would you describe this on your blog?”
“And if all we find is an empty building and Sherlock’s clothes?” John asked while hating himself for allowing that thought room to grow inside his already worried mind.
"I selected my outfit around that," Sherlock spoke up while bumping his hip against John's side. "I don't think that was a pepperoni stick he was smuggling in his trousers on the way here. I just can’t decide what turns him on more. My pants, or the skirt."
“I’ve sent a list of the usernames and her log-in credentials off to my brother. He owes me a favour. He should have tracked down at least one of the women by midday tomorrow. Meanwhile, there is little else I can do. So I decided to come to bed. I just hope,” Sherlock said with a yawn, “she forgives me for this breach of privacy once we get her home safe.”
“If we’re staying in,” John said huskily, reaching down to adjust himself through his pyjamas, “I’m going to shower. Wait here; I’ll be right back. Make yourself comfortable.”
“Sure, I don’t see why not. What did you have in mind?” Zed snapped his fingers and pointed to a young man dressed in a simple black ensemble with a thin collar around his throat, “Fetch the pole, please.”
I don’t want to hold my tongue out of fear of upsetting you.” Sherlock searched John’s face for any signs of mockery. Instead, all he found was affection and a gentle smile.
After nearly ten minutes of driving, their car stopped in front of an unmarked office building. John got out of the car first and is quickly followed by Greg, then the agent. John and Greg let him lead the way to the second floor of the building, where a tactical team of twenty men sit at a table. Mycroft himself sat at the head of the table. He looked up when they entered.
“My apologies, John,” Sherlock said, addressing the man who was his partner. Not the man who was his dom. “I am truly sorry for frightening you.”
Sherlock was hard-pressed to focus his attention on everything happening to his body and mind. John’s hands, mouth, then words of praise softly whispered into his ear left him hard and shaking. Relaxing his mind to the point where he was no longer thinking in a coherent stream, rather soaking in the attention. Fingers that could perform surgery in the heat of battle, or pull a trigger to save a friend, worked him over like they’d been doing it his whole life. Their touch was so featherlight that Sherlock couldn't even be sure they'd made contact with his skin. Each phantom brush along his cock left him gasping for air. While every one of Sherlock's gasps or moans drew a musical chuckle from John's lips.
“Thank you, Lydia,” John said, running a hand through her hair then giving her shoulder a gentle squeeze. “I think we’ve made our point.”
Sherlock turned to his mobile and tapped out a quick message. He grinned at John’s quick reply and allowed himself the brief indulgence of teasing his partner.
“I do, but I don’t.” Sherlock shrugged, then leaned a bit more of his weight on John’s shoulder. “I’ve worked hard to establish this life with you. I refuse to let some stimulant take that away from me. But this burning desire for more isn't easily ignored.”
“She would be incredibly proud, John.” Sherlock felt overcome by the need to comfort John. He’d never seen John this open and vulnerable before. He shifted on the sofa until their hips and thighs were pressed against each other. John leaned into him, sinking one arm behind Sherlock’s back, his fingers dipping under the waistband of Sherlock’s pyjamas.
“I did call, and an officer came down. But with so little information and without proof that someone had been harmed. We never heard back or had a follow-up. Now I fear nothing came of their investigation.” Paige said sadly, keeping her eyes fixed on John’s face.
“I hope so because if what you say is true, we have more than a simple case of kidnapping. Two girls missing is a coincidence, four missing in six months, I’m calling something bigger.” John looked up from his mobile and gave the couple a grim look. “If I were you, I’d keep this quiet but be wary of newcomers, you too, Zed.”
“Otto…” Matt said thoughtfully, tapping a finger against the table, “Is he the small ginger who liked gangbangs?”
“Heterochromia,” John said, without realizing he’d voiced it out loud. He’d stolen his fair share of covert glances at Sherlock’s unique eyes in the past, but this was the first opportunity he’d had to study them up close. “In this light, they appear silver. Gorgeous.”
“Good, I’m done. You can sit while we wait for Zed to remember how to tie a knot.” John stood back, blocking the audience's view momentarily. He tilted his head and ran his tongue over his lips. “Fucking gorgeous,” he whispered as he admired his handiwork. The ropes formed a v around Sherlock’s cock, tightening the already constricting material of his trousers. Sherlock was half-hard, and John wondered if it were from the ropes, the public situation, or a mixture of both.
“Mmm, I am. Very good, John. There’s hope for you yet.” Sherlock chuckled. “I enjoy the tastes of richer foods. Cheesecake is a weakness of mine, as is fried ice cream. It’s why I stuck to such a strict diet all these years. I’d look like Mycroft if I allowed myself the indulgence.” The thought made Sherlock grimace, but a soft twinkle in his eyes quickly replaced it. “Very, very good, John.” He purred, “That was an adequate bit of deduction.”
Sherlock nearly rolled his eyes a second time as he muttered a quick apology, then pushing past the embarrassing task of being polite, quickly caught Mycroft up on the instructions given to him by Moriarty.
“Thank you,” Sherlock smirked, then returned to his task without letting on that anything of importance had been said between them. Sensing John’s nervousness, Sherlock glanced up and gave the base of John’s cock a squeeze.
John watched as a hint of Sherlock’s usual countenance began to shine through. He stood taller, held his head higher, and his eyes flashed around the room with shaper intuitiveness. He marveled at the change. While collared, Sherlock was still himself. Still, the brilliant and observant man John had come to know so well. But collared, he was softer around the edges, less harsh, and John couldn’t help but wonder if that was the change Sherlock was seeking.
“Oh God, John. The stretch,” Sherlock sighed while teasing the head of his cock with his index finger, “feels so good.”
Sooner or later I’ll have to do something about those complaints. And then, this” he wiggled his finger around indicating the two of them and their surroundings, “will need to stop.”
“Oh, freak is tame,” Matt confessed, taking the card and reading the name written on it. “We’ll call him as soon as you head out,” he promised.
“Why don’t you relax in the bedroom, Sherlock, while I take care of our visitor,” John suggested, saving Sherlock the embarrassment of having to greet his brother while wearing a collar. He spoke loud enough that Mycroft would be able to hear, letting the older Holmes know that he was not welcome to let himself in. He flipped over the notepad then nodded his head in the direction of Sherlock’s bedroom. “Go,” he said softer, “I’ll deal with him.”
“Really, John. All this time, and you haven’t noticed the types of foods I’ll pinch off your plate?” Sherlock said; placing the pig tongue on a sterilized dish, he sat back in his chair and recrossed his arms. Giving John an appraising glance, he dared the doctor to solve the
“Because I’m the dom,” John said with a teasing grin. Closing the gap between him, he leaned down and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s temple. “Stay here, do whatever it is you’re doing to that pig’s tongue, and I’ll be back later.”
“Yeah, you said that already, and while I appreciate the apology it doesn’t change the fact that I’m still upset,” John said, pushing his key into the lock. “You didn’t know you were in danger, and I know you weren’t doing it to be a jerk. But for God’s sake… one of our rules is for you to answer your damn phone. Not because I want to be a control freak, but for moments like these.”
“Admittedly, I was too high most of the time to care much at that point. Which, in retrospect, is why it took me so long to realize the gravity of my first experience with a Dom.”
“Excuse me!” John hissed while quickly closing the gap between himself and Sherlock. Using his full weight he pinned Sherlock against the nearest wall and wrapped his fingers around Sherlock’s throat, just above his collar. At that moment, no one else in the room mattered to John. All that mattered was his submissive, and their rules. “Did you just
As promised, they were quickly ushered across the city and deposited at the end of baker street. John pulled Sherlock’s wallet out of his pocket, tossed the driver a few notes, then practically pulled Sherlock out of the cab.
Sherlock obediently held out his left hand, watching with bated breath as John wrapped the padded cuff around his wrist. The black leather was striking against his pale skin, his erection bobbed eagerly at the sight, but John ignored his need in favor of securing Sherlock’s other wrist. There were no touches of silent praise when he was done. Only a stern face and rough hands.
“Is that why you insisted on wearing your collar?” John hurried to catch up to Sherlock as the detective swept out of the store.
“We have a group of young girls, no older than their mid-twenties. There are nine of them, well. There were nine. Bright young things, uncaring that they were in a club full of people looking to hook up with male submissives, I think that was their reasoning for choosing our club.”
“Denial. Bring me to the edge, then hold me there. I need to shut my mind off completely if I have any hope of making sense of everything.” Sherlock said while creating a separate pile for John’s clothes.
John looked towards the door, expecting to see Sherlock already walking towards him. Instead, he saw the man much as he had been when Zed pointed him out. Arms crossed, his shoulders leaning against the wall with one ankle tucked under the other. His body language indicated he was relaxed but not open to conversation. However, now a pleased smirk graced his face. Still, he made no show of moving.
“Nice water gun.” Lestrade commented as he reached into his coat and withdrew an S&W 1911, “like mine?”
“Water,” John countered, reaching for a glass. He guzzled down a first glass, then refilled it and pressed it into Sherlock’s hands. “Just a few sips. If all goes well, I’ll want you hydrated tonight.”
“Flatmates. Friends.” John answered quickly, waving one hand in the air dismissively. “He’s not the sort to go in for more. I asked, our first night together, he shut me down rather quickly.”
Sherlock’s first reaction was to shut John’s theory down. John might be capable of thinking up clever punishments and mind-blowing sex. But his powers of deduction were lacking. Instead, Sherlock stamped down the desire to remind John to leave the thinking to the genius (him) and gave John a pleasant smile before kindly explaining how his theory was wrong.
“He didn’t win, I haven’t used it once. His plan failed.” Sherlock recited the words that had helped him through his latest string of nightmares. He pressed into John’s touch, loving the way his partner made him feel safe while challenging him to process his nightmares. Without John’s comfort, Sherlock wasn’t certain he’d be able to talk his way through the panic, but the soft touch and kind words helped ease the bite of fear.
“Walthen,” Mycroft said, then turned to address John, “The man you accosted last night, well he and Sisk are being used against each other. My staff let Sisk see Walthen being taken out of the interview room this morning. Worried that Walthen would be given a deal before him, Sisk finally decided to talk.”
“Should make using the loo interesting,” Sherlock smirked, but the corners of his eyes relaxed a bit. The chain ensured that he would not be ripped out of the car a second time, not without having John dragged along for the ride. And honestly, he’d like to see anyone try and kidnap John Watson. They’d be biting off far more than they could chew with him.
“Key is on my laptop,” he called out a moment later, detouring to the desk on his way to retrieve his jacket, “text if you need me.”
“If Doctor Watson would check his phone, he’ll find a message from me requesting a time change. Inspector Lestrade needs my support in a few hours, so it was necessary to meet with you earlier.” Mycroft called back while his footsteps carried him down the hall back towards the kitchen.
. It was a two-story affair located on a secluded cove. There would be next to no need to leave the grounds with a patio, large yard, and private beach. The estate had everything they would need for an enjoyable holiday. Not only that, Sherlock had hired someone to come stock both the fridge and the wine rack before their arrival.
While Sherlock processed everything, John took a few minutes to jot down their lists of hard and soft limits. He left enough room under both categories, should anything need to be added, then looked up.
The scent of John’s cologne pressed in around Sherlock. Then, without warning, John’s lips were on his neck, and his hips were moving. The fingers of John’s left hand reached up and wrapped around the chain on his collar.
“I’m not done. You can wait. You should know by now, Mycroft, that you don’t scare me. If anything, I find you annoying. I don’t tolerate bullies, which leads me to my last point. Mycroft, your brother’s sex life is
“Are you asking me if I would like to douche first?” Sherlock asked. Silver blue eyes looked up at John as a playful smirk danced across Sherlock’s face.
“What was that?” John asked loudly, and it was then that Sherlock realized John hadn’t entirely shut the door behind him.
By the time his cuffs were straightened, and his shirt collar was coaxed into place, Zed had reached the top of the stairs. Without waiting for him to knock, Sherlock pulled the door open and made his best attempt at a smile.
“That is a fair assessment for part of the time. Times like last night, I want you to have it all.” Sherlock nuzzled against John’s collarbone and held his breath. He was aware just how much he was asking for, John could very well say no, and this would be over whatever it was.
“Any time, John. Lydia will be glad to win back her bragging rights.” The two doms shook hands, then John took Sherlock by the wrist and led him out of the crowded room. They stopped just long enough to return their roses before falling into the back of a taxi, hands automatically reaching for each other.
“A one-inch heel then, he doesn’t need to tower over you, but we do need him to stand out. With the boots being black, and inside a club, no one will be paying attention to the soles anyway, They’ll just help him…
“Well, how do I look?” Sherlock asked ten minutes later as he stepped into the hall. John hadn’t gone far, managing to make it just past the bathroom door before he propped his shoulder against the wall to wait. (But mostly to shout abuse at Sherlock to hurry the fuck up.)
“Of course, orgasms and physical affection have no effect on me.” Sherlock teased back as John sauntered up to his side.
“Where to?” John called over the sound of the rushing wind as they tore through London at a much faster speed than he was used to traveling.
“Good,” Sherlock said firmly, then eyed John over the brim of his glass, “You mentioned something about doing a scene here? What exactly does that mean?”
A short while later John was staring at himself in the mirror. Sherlock sat on the bed, all but gawking at John. Sherlock had insisted on a bit of stage makeup. Nothing extravagant or bold, but a subtle smokey eye with a hint of eyeliner on the lower lash line. While he felt like a slightly altered carbon copy of himself, John couldn’t deny that the makeup made the look more striking. He wasn’t just a man dressed in expensive leather, he was a man dressed in expensive leather who demanded your attention.
“Sort of, yeah… we haven’t really… I just want you to be comfortable.” John stammered out then let out an embarrassed laugh. “Jesus, I’m a doctor for crying out loud, yet you’ve gone and turned me into a blushing teenager again. I’m fine, with anal sex. With our without douching. How about I just lay a towel down, and we take it moment by moment? I’ll stop over-analyzing it.”
, he thought. As if sensing his desire, she flashed him a wicked grin before turning her attention to the computer to check their database for his name.
They opened the small box together after John had dressed. John was visibly pleased with both items’ craftsmanship, but his eyes lingered on the bracelet for a fraction of a second longer than the collar.
Sure enough, the basement is nothing more than a hall with doors on either side. The rooms no doubt had been storage units for the business upstairs. Now, however, John knew they’d been repurposed for a more sinister use.
“Fuck me,” Laughing softly, John swore under his breath and shook his head at the bathroom. Door. Fire pooled between his legs, and it took most of his willpower to not barge into the bathroom and share in both Sherlock’s shower and self-indulgence. “He’s going to be the death of me. But, I already knew that.”
slow her down. She was also the goddamn scariest woman in all of London, all while giving you that charming smile. I once walked into the flat only to discover that she’d been holding a would-be criminal by gunpoint for the better part of an hour. When I offered to take over so she could call the cops, she told me not to be an idiot and to call myself.”
“Mostly, yes. Occasionally one would be sick or have a prior engagement, but the lot of them never missed a night.”
“Yours, Captain, I’m always yours,” Sherlock responded instantly, the words spilling out of his mouth as he watched John work on an elaborate knot.
“He’s mine, yeah. And I’m his. Sorry, mate, he’s not up for grabs.” John said, a bit more roughly than required.
“I’m eating now, thanks to you.” Sherlock reminded John needlessly. “More than just biscuits and mince pies.”
A series of mixed answers came from the crowd, but the prevailing word that was shouted back at John was “Yes!” John looked down at Sherlock and shrugged, then reached into his coat pocket for a condom.
“Doesn’t that give me the advantage?” Sherlock asked, eyeing the party with curiosity. He’d suspected that Zed and Lydia swapped roles, but learning that Zed was comfortable enough being submissive to achieve subspace was an interesting fact.
“Left. Like always, I’m right-handed.” Sherlock explained as if it mattered why his left arm had always been his main target.
“I want a hit before I get home. As you keep the lighting in your shop so dim, I don’t trust a needle.”
“Uhh, yes.” John acknowledged, clearing his throat and squaring his shoulders. “It is,” he added, unable to hide the smile that was quickly overtaking his face.
“Undress me, and I’ll walk you through it.” John breathed, then leaned up on tiptoes. He pressed his lips firmly against Sherlock’s, lending Sherlock some of his strength. “And, it’ll help if you’re naked as well,” he joked.
“One person, multiple times. I was young, naive, and very new to the bondage community. Another factor going against me was I was just out of a long term relationship. I never once questioned whether I was being treated fairly or within the community’s accepted limits. Only after did I realize how bad that relationship had been. But I distanced myself after that, selecting my Doms with care. I’ve only had a few partners since then, and never for more than one shared scene.”
In stark contrast to his own, John’s showers were never long or luxurious. The only luxury he took was when he’d indulge in a wank. Which, as a rule, was never more than three times a week. On the other hand, Sherlock would test the limits of the ancient water heater with each shower. He enjoyed turning the bathroom into a steam room so much that if you were to look at the far wall behind the sink, you could see where the wallpaper was beginning to curl up off the wall.
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He didn’t try to tell John that tears were pointels or that sentiment was useless. He wasn’t certain he could make those claims. Not now, not when he had a gold band around his finger proclaiming the sentiment he felt towards a certain ex-army captain. Not when he was more frequently called
But if this was the price he had to pay to spend every day feeling loved and cherished, then so be it. In the end, a bit of heartache certainly didn’t outway the overabundance of love and joy he felt now having a family.
“You, my dear Captain, have made your first vital mistake. You gave me an order while collared but didn’t express anything beyond the basic task. As I am uncollared, I intend to enjoy my shower. Might want to think about that, John.” Sherlock winked then released his balls in favor of stroking his cock, which was very quickly becoming erect. Before John had time to react, he turned on his heels and stepped into the bathroom, closing the opaque glass door behind him, sealing himself off from John’s groan of frustration.
John felt the moment it happened. Sherlock’s whole body went loose beneath him, to the point where John had to grab onto Sherlock’s hips to hold him up. Sherlock’s moans suddenly ceased and the detective’s white-knuckled grip on the ottoman relaxed. With one final shudder John felt Sherlock’s muscles contract around him, and judging by the hooting from the crowd, he could only imagine the mess Sherlock was making on the ottoman. As Sherlock clenched around him, John gritted his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut, his own orgasm not far behind Sherlock’s.
Settling on the sofa, Sherlock ordered dinner, their favourites from Angelo’s, and waited with bated breath while John gathered the courage to lift the cover off the box.
“You’re awfully happy these last few days,” Sarah said as she unwrapped her sandwich. “Did you get laid or something?”
Having said his bit, John crossed his arms and leaned his shoulders against the window. He tried not to glare too hard at Mycroft, knowing that somewhere deep inside the three-piece suit, there was a heart that actually cared and thought he was doing what was best. But it was time for Mycroft to realize that Sherlock was not a child and capable of having control of his own life. Not only that, though far less critical, he was sick of Mycroft’s vague threats and passive-aggressive behaviour towards him.
“Extra shades in the glovebox.” Zed motioned, then gave John an approving thumbs up when John checked out his reflection in the mirror.
Standing on the freshly packed earth, he faced the stone and wept. His husband stepped up to his side, offering his silent support by placing his hand on John’s shoulder. John reached out and pressed his hand against Sherlock’s hip in a wordless request. Sherlock’s hand slid down John’s shoulder and over his arm until their fingers were once again laced tightly together.
John gently deposited Sherlock back on the chair and motioned for him to wait in front of everyone. Collecting Sherlock’s socks and shoes, he knelt at Sherlock’s feet and reached for a sock. In a low whisper, as he picked up one of Sherlock’s feet and began replacing his sock, he said, “You wanted me on my knees, so here I am. You earned this.” He then took his time putting Sherlock’s shoes and socks on, tying the laces with quick proficiency.
“I stopped by, after dropping you off here. Habit, perhaps?” Casting his brother an apologetic smile, Mycroft picked at a piece of lint on his knee. “Part of me was expecting John to drag you in, I wanted to be on hand, should my assistance be required. I stumbled upon Detective Lestrade and your club owner friend pacing the waiting room. Neither being friends or family, they weren’t allowed inside her room. With a bit of gentle persuasion from me, Lestrade was allowed inside to wait with her until her mother arrived. Under the guise of getting her statement, of course.”
Encouraged by that line of thinking, Sherlock obeyed John’s cries for more. At first, he moved hesitantly, barely more than a slow wiggle, which made John groan and twist out of frustration as he tried driving the finger in deeper. As his confidence grew, having seen no signs of discomfort on John, he began to pump his finger in and out.
“Touching either Dom is off-limits, anyone caught breaking that, or any of our rules will be escorted off the premises without question. Touching the submissives is allowed unless either dom states otherwise. Keep your cocks to yourselves, however, this is a private show. If you want some random guy sucking your cock, you’ll find that over in the far corner,” he said, pointing to a row of benches on the other side of the room. “Hands only, and again, only if the Doms allow it. They're here to give you a show, not show
"All ends lead to Moriarty. First Hope, then that little game with the bombs, and now this. Still, I cannot get to him. He's completely untraceable!" Sherlock said ruffling his hair in annoyance. "He contacted Sisk’s organization by email. Mycroft would need the emails to track the IP address, but Sisk doesn't have access to them. Just his handler."
“So, tell me,” Zed said after they'd maneuvered through the throng of people, and he'd pushed a beer into his hands.
“Sit, spread your legs,” John said coldly, without sparing even a glance for Sherlock’s nakedness. “Close your eyes, this will go worse for you if I have to blindfold you.”
“Yes! God, please,” John whined, contracting his muscles in a vain effort to pull Sherlock back inside. A rich chuckle met his attempt as Sherlock came to a complete halt. “No, please, fuck me. Harder, faster, I need to feel your cock inside me. Please, Sherlock.”
John thought, flipping his collar up against the rain, he hurried towards the shop entrance, the distance too short to warrant the use of his umbrella.
his motives? I hardly suspect he was simply acting as a good samaritan, offering you a ride on a drizzly day.”
“Tomorrow, Saturday morning at the latest.” His eyes tracked down John’s body, stopping when he spotted the shoebox.
“I’m not sure,” John answered carefully, forcing his eyes to stop their hungry wander down Sherlock’s torso to meet his gaze. If Sherlock was undercover, he didn’t want to make his friend uncomfortable by ogling him. “I’ve never been kept waiting before. I have a bit of a reputation here, you see.”
He had half a mind to clean the duvet, but when he saw John curled up on his side, grinning sheepishly up at him with a damp stain at his side, he simply shrugged. It didn’t matter, blankets could be replaced, but John could not.
John nodded and was secretly pleased as that would give the now two and a half beers in his system time to dissipate before he and Sherlock began what could be a life-altering discussion. Best to approach those with a clear mindset.
Heaving a sigh, John nodded then fixed his gaze on Sherlock, watching as another man came up to guide Sherlock’s head in a fast rhythm. Feeling himself grow too close to an orgasm, he waved the man away and pulled Sherlock to his feet using the chain around Sherlock’s neck. Once Sherlock was standing, John took him by the arms and guided him to the ottoman, pushing him back against the leather surface with a firm shove. Sherlock fell with a dramatic air and a devilish smirk then rolled over onto his hands and knees, wiggling his arse in John’s direction.
“A scene, here? Then… in an alley? You would?” Sherlock gaped, unable to figure out which scenario held the most appeal to him.
“You never hit me, never mark me, bruise me, slap my chest. I wear your collar, yet you’re gentle with me.” Sherlock spoke as if still surprised that John wasn’t a brute in his claim for dominance. It tugged at John’s heartstrings. He often forgot just how vulnerable Sherlock was when it came to personal relationships. More than once, since they filled out their first contract, had he caught Sherlock watching porn for the sake of research.
“No, I’m not yours. If I belong to anyone it’s John. But I am my own person, not an object to be had.” Sherlock heard himself say, though his focus was solely fixed on Moriarty who had taken a step towards him.
Void of streetlights, or even the occasional light over a door, the alley was dark. The evening damp did little to help, grey clouds hung low casting the city in premature nightfall. Sherlock’s eyes adjusted to the dark quickly though, and soon he was able to make out shapes in the distance. He knew what to look for though, so that made spotting the man sitting on a bin child’s play.
Taking both of John’s hands in his, he smiled down at his companion. “I never said anything yesterday, but I feel I should now. Perhaps the moment isn’t right for most couples, but watching you slip back into being my assistant shows me how lucky I am to have you. John Watson, I love you too.”
“We’re dom/sub, Greg, not Master/slave. Sherlock is still himself, and I trust him to know when to use the proper bondage titles. I value his input in everything we do, I wouldn’t have him cowed just because he’s wearing my collar.” John said while walking a few meters behind Sherlock as his detective continued to circle the space.
“Jesus,” John repeated, feeling himself twitch at the sight. “Lower your bloody skirt, or we won't make it to the club. And go look on the table.”
“Alright,” Sherlock agreed after a pregnant pause. “Once I’m no longer craving another hit, I’ll talk with someone.”
“Hardly a point. Most clubs have professional cleaners come in, so their staff can focus on running the facility, not cleaning up vomit and urine. Any data I could have gathered would have been swept away after closing last night. I’ll need to familiarise myself with the layout before next weekend, but I dare say there’s no rush.”
“Alright.” Sherlock shrugged, then reached a hand out to squeeze John’s knee. “Better than last time, I have him to help now.”
I will forever be grateful, and I'm so sorry I've been a right arsehole and have forgotten to thank you before now.
"As I thought, we can work with that. My driver here will do your shopping while I go over my plan. Sherlock mustn’t get wind of this conversation."
Cocking his head John stares down at his handiwork. Sherlock’s cock is flush inside the metal cage. Skin pushes out between the cracks as his cock tries to fill out but meets resistance. It’s a little crooked, his cock tilting a bit more to the left than normal, but John nods in satisfaction. Sherlock can tell that he wants to touch, to tease the trapped flesh. But he remains composed and maintains his distance.
"I need sleep," he said wearily while pressing a kiss to Sherlock's mop of hair. "I'm not helping any by watching you anyway. One of us should try and sleep."
The two men stared at each other, sizing one another up with stern looks. John found himself thankful that both hands were currently occupied, helping mitigate the desire to introduce his fist to the other man’s eye socket. After what felt like an eternity to John, the other man snorted, then turned and began walking towards the exit. John blew a hard breath out through pursed lips, then went to join Sherlock on unsteady feet.
“Mom’s sister, Sandra. I still see her, but rarely.” John explained, leaning back against the sofa and closing his eyes again.
“Good, go put this on the hook by the door then I want you in a standing wait.” John handed the leather bracelet to Sherlock, then reached down and stroked himself through his pants.
“Mm, no, there isn’t. That’s not what I want. I don’t want someone panting at my feet, begging for my cock day in, day out. I want a companion. And God help me if I somehow manage to get you to show a little respect,” he shrugged, smiling faintly at the man sitting beside him, “well, then I will be pleased. Respect and obedience will be your top priorities, Sherlock. Those two traits will earn you your leather collar.”
a fast entrance, then hold it to the count of ten. Let me feel you stretching me open, then for god's sake, move like your life depends on it. If you come fast, that’s fine. No shame in that. Quick and dirty is just as much fun as slow and sensual.”
“As long as that thinking doesn’t make a mess in my shop,” Jesper commented while motioning for John to turn around. “He is right, leather with two zips. I’ll make it thin, but durable, with no embellishments. We’ll put your pockets in the jacket, so the trousers cling to your hips nicely. Just try not to get semen on them. Leather is porous, semen would get absorbed into the material.”
He had found out the hard way years ago when he confessed to his boyfriend of six months that he wanted to try BDSM. Victor had, at first, been willing for Sherlock’s sake. But when Sherlock found how his body responded to subspace, he had wanted more. He’d both pushed Victor beyond his comfort zone and had begun drifting from the drugs that had brought them together. The breakup was messy; it had left a void in Sherlock’s life he hadn’t expected. He dove headfirst into stronger drugs, more potent than the marijuana he and Victor had dabbled with.
Walking up to John he put his hands on John's arms and pressed their foreheads together. Fresh from a shower, John smelled clean and welcoming. Inhaling deeply he embraced the comfort being this close to John provided.
“You’re far more observant than I give you credit for,” Sherlock whispered while nuzzling the back of his head against John’s stomach. “Where I can see a crime scene and read the facts as easily as one might read a newspaper, you understand human emotions.”
“So it’s like Vegas.” John quipped. “What happens in the club stays in the club. That sort of thing.”
“Went off to help Matt and Elvio talk to other club owners. I gave him all of Lestrade’s business cards I had, with the instruction to have anyone call with information. Poor Donovan is already up to her neck in calls.”
“You’re an impressive man, John Watson,” Sherlock murmured, his body finally fully relaxed, all trace of the nightmare gone thanks to John’s care.
The realization came to Sherlock in a grey haze. Thoughts slipped through his mind half-formed. Whenever he reached out to grab one it would split into three different thoughts and float away. All he was able to gather was he’d been thrown onto something cold and hard. Possibly a floor in a basement somewhere, judging by the grit digging into his skin and the cold leaching out what little body heat he had left.
“If you don’t like something, I will expect you to request an immediate end to it. No pushing yourself past your limits. That’s my job. Your job is to tell me when you’ve hit those limits, and we’ll either stop completely, or we’ll move to something else. I’m fine with penetrative sex, both anal and oral. No, you’re not the first man I’ve taken to bed.”
“Zed, would you excuse me?” John asked, glancing back over to Sherlock’s lurking form. He went to stand but Zed stopped him with a quick shake of his head.
“Flattery will get you everywhere.” John purred, running his hand reverently over the pocket square like it was a long-lost friend. “It’s a shame we won't be matching tonight,” he said, glancing from the splash of red to Sherlock’s collar. “But I want you in your new collar tonight. You’ve earned it.”
The thought repeated itself repeatedly, which he knew was his irrational way of ignoring the genuine threat the man might have become had he managed to get Sherlock alone. The thought unsettled him just enough that he let himself believe that John’s possessiveness had simply gotten out of hand. In all his visits to Lotus, the patrons had been nothing but respectful, the atmosphere designed to be as inclusive as possible with the rose system.
“My best guess…” Greg ponders for a moment, wrapping his fingers around his steering wheel, making the leather creak, you have your three basic motivations. One, some people enjoy helping others. It generates a sort of adrenaline rush that makes them feel satisfied or fulfilled. Two, some people do their best to live by a strict code of
Turning back to the man he loved, his heart tried to pry its way up and out of his throat. His first assumption that Sherlock’s clothing was intact proved to be only partly true. Sherlock's clothing was barely hanging on. His once fine shirt was now beyond repair. Stretch marks from where hands had grabbed at Sherlock now stretched out the fine mesh. His fishnets were torn, but much to John’s relief they were torn mostly at the knee and the parts of Sherlock’s calves that he could see. Sherlock’s skirt had been pulled up in the back, but that seemed to be as far as anyone had got. While filthy from being shoved to the floor, scraped up and bruised, his clothing was still intact. Mostly.
John said, leading them straight to the bar, which currently wasn’t overcrowded. Ordering a beer for himself and whisky for Sherlock, he turned to find Sherlock standing a few meters away. His face was blank, and his eyes were blinking rapidly. “You’re offline. Come back to me, love.”
“True, but if you behave you can delay the inevitable. Plus, if you behave like a good little slut, we’ll make sure you never feel an ounce of withdrawal.”
“Positive. The old joke ‘have you tried turning it off and on again’ comes to mind. I need to reboot my mind, and drugs aren’t an option.”
Thank you to everyone who has helped me on this, BRNZ in the beginning, Sara in the end, and countless others. Having people to bounce ideas off of is a huge part of why I was able to finish this. Thank you to each reader who not only read this, but gave it kudos or left a comment. You all have been amazing and I'm so grateful to have had everyone along for this journey!
“You already look like less of a skeleton.” John sighed, pressing a soft kiss on a soft spot of skin just above Sherlock’s collar.
"Just in case John needed some moral support, she and I can jump in. Help you out like we did at Lotus not long ago. John's always been a bit shy in public settings." Zed said while giving John a careful glance out of the corner of his eye. He clearly meant no offence and visibly relaxed when John gave a nod of agreement.
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock said breathlessly, hastening to obey. The cool bricks pressed against his back like icicles, his shirt doing very little to retain his body heat. Per John’s instructions, he folded his arms behind his back, slotting his hands into the dip at the base of his spine. He barely had himself in position when John’s shadow loomed over him.
“If the words ‘adorable, sweet, cute, or endearing’ come out of your mouth,” Sherlock warned, “I promise no one will find your body. Not even my brother.”
Overweight with an online gambling addiction. He rented shoddy flats to substitute for the money he lost in poker.  Married though his wife had left him. The unsavory scent of boiled cabbage wafted off the man, making both Greg and Sherlock keep their distance.
“If we stick around, everyone will want to talk to us. I need to think.” Sherlock pulled away and eyed a door marked EXIT. “Let’s head home, you can give me that massage while I plan for tomorrow.”
“Let me be nearby, at least. I can’t let you face him completely alone. Wear an earpiece, and a GPS tracker, I’ll do the same. We’re a team, love. Let me help.”
"Oh, I remember," John said around a breathy laugh, starting to move in and out slowly, "and this certainly is not how it's done.”
Dropping onto his elbows Sherlock arched his back and did his best to keep up with the music. The beat was fast and consistent.  As the song began over again, Sherlock let out a low moan, then shuddered as John’s cock pushed against his prostate.
The powder was gone before Sherlock made it home. He passed an all-night diner and had made quick use of their public toilets. The vial, however, remained safely tucked away in his pocket. Though, if Sherlock had brought a syringe with him, there was no doubt in his mind that it would have been tossed away in the bin, along with the empty bag.
“How are you, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked, to Sherlock’s surprise there was genuine concern in his voice and not a hint of condescending smugness.
Unsurprisingly the building was in turmoil when John and Greg cautiously made their way into the building. They pass by bodies, and men writhing on the floor, fighting against their bonds. Two of the men assigned to be in the first wave stand with their guns drawn, guarding their prisoners.
“I’ll be needing both your numbers, the address to your club, and several hours to reach my contact in the Met,” Sherlock stated as he walked over and stood in front of Paige, his tall frame towering over her sitting form. He stretched out his hand, shaking the woman’s hand, then was hurrying off in the direction of his coat.
“You’d do that for me?” Sherlock asked, twisting around on the pillow and looking up at John with something John could only describe as wonder in his eyes.
It takes twenty minutes to fill Greg in. Then another fifteen while Greg punches her name into the computer. Every time the computer found a potential match, they compared it with the grainy photo Paige had sent over. Eventually, the algorithm strikes gold, and Greg stretched out one hand for his coat while jotting the address down with the other. Sherlock scowls at him, but Greg simply looks up and shakes his head.
“Either get your cock inside me, or I’ll do it for you. I’ll ride you so hard you won't even know what hit you.”
and 10% grunts. Sweat coated John's thighs, and it wasn't a stretch of the imagination to picture beads of perspiration forming along his forehead. And Sherlock didn't have to look up to know that John would be gripping the door frame so hard that his knuckles would be white.
“Yeah, that’s a good one.” John agreed, writing that below the others. “It’s important we both understand that right now, these are just suggestions. If we get to the end of this first week and want to continue, we’ll go over them again, revising them as needed.”
“You have a cousin?” Sherlock was deeply touched that John was sharing so much with him when they’d both withheld any details of their past for so long.
“Get the hood, both sets of cuffs, your two largest spreader bars, and anything you have to attach you to those bars,” John demanded, pushing off the wall and reaching into the bathroom for the dressing gown he’d borrowed. “Then get on the bed because you can be
“Mm, I did. What did he have to say?” Sherlock asked, placing his violin aside and rising gracefully to his feet.
“Wait, seriously?” John looked at Greg, his face riddled with shock. His cheeks heated up and he glanced around automatically as if checking to see who else heard. But the car contained just himself, Greg, and the driver. Out of the three of them, the driver would certainly care the least regarding who John did, or did not shoot.
“That’s hot,” Sherlock sucked his teeth while cupping himself briefly, “We’ll have to explore this cheap porno trope when we have more time. I can drop something else down the drain or flush a condom?”
“And you still want to do this with me?” John queried, swallowing hard at the lump that was forming in his throat.
“They love you, Pet.” John’s hum of approval mixed with the sound of rope swishing through the air as he manipulated the cord. “Who’s are you?”
It wasn’t that he was ashamed of this particular kink. He was proud of his ability and of the reputation he’d once held within the society. It was one thing for Sherlock to look at him in disgust after a night spent with a date. Another to know that the look of disdain was directly related to his fetish.
“He’s here, and he’s got four men, our men, watching him like a bloody hawk. Mycroft said to draw this out, give him time to do something. We’ll play ‘What Is Love’ over the sound system when he’s made his move, or it’s determined he won't do anything other than watch.”
“That you do, brother mine,” Mycroft said as he stood. Gathering his umbrella he turned to look at his brother and smirked, “I suggest you give your kindly landlady some noise-cancelling headphones. I have no doubt I would have been able to hear you from the street.”
“Sherlock Holmes, sit down and behave yourself, or else you will not enjoy where I fasten that collar of yours later. I think it would attach nicely to the showerhead while we discover just how cold the taps can get.” John snapped before remembering they weren’t at home. He turned to Jesper, about to apologize, but saw the man smiling thoughtfully at him.
“I can imagine,” Mycroft drawled with a tilt of his head. Once John was buckled, he lifted a hand and signaled the driver to continue with a slight flick of his wrist.
Thirty minutes later found Sherlock and Zed in identical positions. Each of them had their wrists bound to the wall above their heads on opposite sides of the platform. Lydia and John stood behind their partners, while Elvio explained the rules to the crowd that was beginning to form around the perimeter.
“Mate, that night Sherlock was going all moon-eyed over how the shooter had to be a man with high morals, nerves of steel, and a whole lot of other bollocks. Then he took one tiny fucking glance over to where you stood with your arms folded behind your back and claims
“You’re too clever for me, can’t have you weaseling your way out of something and get away on it on a technicality.”
“To start off, these are my hard limits. Things I flat out refuse to do,” John eyed Sherlock, ensuring he had the Detective's full attention. “I don’t do knife play, gunplay, bruising - save for accidental bruises that happen from time to time. Fire, scat or watersports, bloodletting, or anything that could compromise my license as a doctor. I took an oath to do no harm, and I intend to uphold  that promise.”
“I’m fine, Captain,” Sherlock breathed softly, sensing John’s worry. Then as another man approached, he lifted his head and moaned, pushing back hard against John’s fingers. ‘What is Love’ began blaring out of the speakers above their heads, the beat vibrating through John and pulling him back into the moment. By the time the second verse was underway, John had the tip of his cock pressed against Sherlock.
After flicking the syringe to work out any air bubbles Sherlock sighed and brought the tip of the needle to his skin. He'd get the scissors after, and cut the leather band off. But for now, he wanted the release that only the cocaine brought. As the needle pierced his skin, he became aware of someone standing in the door. Expecting it to be John, he sighed and looked up.
She’s dressed in a dark navy skirt-suit. The skirt ends just above her knees. Judging by the way she keeps tugging the fabric down her leg, Sherlock gathers this is not her usual attire.
A hand clasped John's shoulder. John spun around, fist raised, ready for anything. When he saw Zed's concerned face he lowered his fist and exhaled forcefully.
Sherlock stood and began to walk away, but John quickly grabbed his hand, stopping him before he’d taken more than a single step.
Sherlock instantly missed John’s warmth pressed against his back and the nearly ticklish sensation of John’s nose and lips against his neck. He wanted to whinge, to beg John to come back and never leave his side. Still, his experiment drew half of his attention back to the table. It wasn’t life or death, but it was interesting. Better yet, the sight of pig parts spread across their kitchen table had made even John grimace, something the severed head hadn’t managed to do.
More laughter made it easier for John to say the one thing he’d never said while standing at the foot of Sherlock’s grave.
“Joohnn, these trousers are too tight already,” Sherlock complained weakly, though the twinkle in his eyes silently begged John to continue.
"You're everything, John. Every hope, every dream, every cliche I thought Hollywood made up. You’re kind, caring, smart, funny, and somehow you do all that without being fake. You show your faults, and help me better mine,” Sherlock whispered as his body rocked into John’s ministrations.
“John, I think it might be wise if we stay inside today. We can order takeaway later, and do the shopping tomorrow evening. Right now, I very much want to kiss you and spend the day by your side.”
“Beautiful collar for a beautiful pet,” he said in a sing-song voice, then crouched down until his face was at the same level as Sherlock’s. Reaching his hands out, he took both of Sherlock’s nipples in his fingers and squeezed as he said, “Bart’s tomorrow. Five o’clock, on the rooftop. Come alone. Let's end this once and for all.”
Also, you can find me on Twitter under an account I've made specifically for shipping under @Tindo_on_AO3
All in all, it worked, and Sherlock found himself impressed. Zed had effectively created a free-to-attend club. You could enter and mingle at no financial loss. Instead, you were required to provide personal information that would ensure your best behaviour. Then, if you wanted extra amenities, you would have to pay for them.
He tapped the point of the pen on the paper then looked up at Sherlock with a shrug, “There are others, of course, but Pet or Puppy play doesn’t strike me as something you’re looking for.” Sherlock’s face twisted into disgust, which made John bark out a laugh. “Yeah, no, not for me either.”
With John’s fingernails carefully scraping small circles along his scalp, it didn’t take long. Sherlock felt the tension building, like a fire pooling in the pit of his stomach. His balls tightened, and the dry friction turned into a wet slide as his precome slid down his length.
“Sex is fine,” Sherlock added softly, glancing down at the rug and wincing while remembering the last time he had intercourse. “Though I must admit that it has been more than a few years since I’ve enjoyed penetrative sex. My last partner was not unkind but a bit vigorous… As a result, I experienced a small amount of pain during our encounters. However, I am willing to try again with you and inform you if it is not my cup of tea. As I’m sure you’ll say, there are other things we can do. You’re well aware of how talented my mouth can be with words, but I assure you it can do
“Tried, it was uncomfortable. Kept.. squashing everything.” Sherlock complained, giving his left leg a small jiggle. “Perhaps walking wasn’t my best idea.”
him.” Cautiously Greg glanced up to the driver to see if the man found offence in his words. However, their driver didn’t as much as take his eyes off the road, let alone show he’d even heard Greg.
“This whole outfit might be utilized daily until I can get you in a military uniform. Jesper, do you think you could arrange something? Nothing officially military, of course. Leathers would be nice, and whatever this material is,” Sherlock ran his hand over John’s chest, feeling the almost slippery fabric of John’s shirt.
“My flatmate and I stopped beating around the bush, decided to give the whole relationship thing a go.” He said with a slight shrug, unable to meet her eyes.
“Good, now come to bed and eat.” John was not subtle about readjusting his erection, nor did he squash the desire to touch Sherlock, who was unsteady on his feet. Placing a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, he guided the dazed man to the edge of the bed, then stroked his thigh as he settled against the headboard.
Sherlock nodded once to acknowledge the amendment, then closed his eyes against the darkness. John hummed his approval, then shifted in the chair, presumably facing the laptop once more.
“I do believe it’s my turn to give you a blowjob,” John shrugged, then jutted his chin out towards an empty booth. “Quick, go snag it before someone else does.” Sherlock snapped back to attention. With a curt nod he began weaving himself between a cluster of people. John watched with a primal sense of satisfaction. Sherlock’s hips swayed far more than necessary, displaying the curves of his thighs. His mesh shirt showed off the vast expanse of his back. He cut a striking figure from behind; curls coiffed perfectly above his collar. John took a moment to appreciate the sight.
“One of the better bondage shops in town, specifically for men like us. Might find a few new toys, while we’re out.”
“Ahh, John,” Sherlock’s voice rumbled out as John pushed his way into their kitchen. “How was my brother?”
“Bite me,” he snarled as he pushed his trousers down his thighs, “and I’ll just flip you over and fuck you without lube.”
“I think it’s time you talk about your past relationships, and if you happen to talk about what happened today, then good. I won't force you, and I won't ask you to do it for me. You should do it because
Sherlock thought, lowering his eyes to the floor at John’s feet. He could feel every grain of grit and sand below his knees. His dry cleaner would have a few choice words for him when he dropped these trousers off, but Sherlock had no intention of moving until John commanded him to move.
“So, why are we here if not for making fools of ourselves while singing publicly while intoxicated.”
Sherlock settled into a fast rhythm. He would pull up, so only the very tip of John's cock was in his mouth. He'd swirl his tongue around the frenulum, which would make John curse. Then, as he bobbed down, he would fold his lips under his teeth and tightened his jaw.
“And when he expresses his desire or gives you a command, do you roll your eyes at him?” John asked, completely ignoring Sherlock, knowing the detective would be watching with jealous eyes as John ground his hips into Lydia’s backside.
“Did you pack it, was it in her flat?” Sherlock growled out, spinning on his heels to face the man, making his coat billow out behind him.
. Three, you do it because you care about someone, and seeing them happy makes you happy. Then, if you want to you can call this number four; there is the less savory motivation where people do it just to gain something.”
“No new notes this time, harder for us to pass off.” The Snake called out, then a hand waved Sherlock forward. “The usual?”
“Oh, trust me, Big Brother doesn’t like anything that has to do with sex.” John laughed, then filled Zed in on who Sherlock was and who and what his brother was.
Glad that he’d put on a vest under his jumper, John pulled the oatmeal jumper over his head and tossed it to Sherlock.
“Sh!” John said around a laugh as he withdrew his finger, “or Mrs Hudson will have to spend her breakfast listening to the two of us.”
“Here,” John said, getting up and retrieving it from the top of their dresser. “Why? What did you remember?”
However, it was John’s body language that immediately sent Sherlock to his knees right there on the bottom half of their stairs. With his shoulders squared and chin held level with the floor, John looked every inch the Army Captain Sherlock knew him capable of being. His jawline was set, lips pulled into a thin line. But his eyes exhibited the most startling change. They’d gone so dark they appeared black in the shadows cast by the window at John’s back.
Sherlock knelt silently, listening to the water rushing through the ancient pipes. After a moment, he closed his eyes and pictured John showering. It wasn’t the first time he’d laid in bed, imagining his then friend in the shower. But now he’d seen John’s body, knew his proportions, and was able to picture it with crystal clarity. He followed the sounds, imagining that John would close his eyes while scrubbing shampoo briskly through his hair. He’d wash with quick and efficient swipes. John was most likely the type of man who would wash his belly button during each shower.
“Good. Before it goes on, is there anything you would like to say?” John asked, tilting his head and still wearing that dangerous smile.
“Army green tactical jacket, tight, but not too tight, around the shoulders. Tight black shirt to show off these excellent muscles your captain hides under his jumpers, and if he isn’t comfortable in leather yet, black jeans. Well fitted through here,” Jasper dragged his finger along the vee of John’s groin, causing John to suck in a breath at the touch, “the way he walks, he’s packing something in there, and something tells me it isn’t a pack of rolos.”
“It’s fine. We don’t talk about him, none of us. Harry doesn’t remember him, obviously. Mum loved him until her dying day. Sometimes we swear it was a mercy that she got hit by a drunk driver. She loved us and loved life, but she wasn’t whole. You know?”
“They never take me, dressed like this. I would have had to walk home if you hadn’t been there tonight.”
“What, you’re looking at me funny.” John pursed his lips and crossed his arms over his chest, “Is it something I said?”
“That I have, he’s… mad.” John agreed, a bit surprised that Zed had bothered to read his blog. He and Zed had a history together and had been close friends once, but John still wasn't quite used to the newfound fame his blog had brought him.
“For the past five months, he’s been coming here twice a month, always wearing a purple rose. Much to half the room's disappointment. There’s a bet on, whether he’ll swap it for black or red.  Showed up an hour before you, put on purple at reception. Then, when you and I started chatting, he ducked out and swapped it for a red rose. So either he finally decided he’s horny enough for a shag. Or, your presence here made him change his mind. That, and he used
“Mmhmm, keep it up, and we’ll find out just how much you enjoy my punishments. I had given you the option to wait comfortably, but as you can’t seem to keep that mouth of yours out of trouble, the plan has changed.”
e of your damned business. What he does behind closed doors is between him and whoever he does it with. He’s an adult with the ability to consent.”
"Right here," Sherlock said, patting his hip where a small GPS tracker had been hastily sewn into his waistband. Equipping Sherlock with one had been John’s idea, claiming he’d refuse to help if Sherlock didn’t acquire one from his brother. But John already knew that, he’d done the sewing. "You'll know where I am every second of the night."
Sherlock thought as he settled in, intent on listening to every word that passed between his Dominant and his rude older brother.
“Right,” John said, gathering up the dishes and brushing the crumbs off his chest, “What do you want from this, Sherlock. It’s clear this isn’t entirely sexual for you, which is fine,” he added, keeping his tone as light as he could manage without sounding comical. He placed the tray on the floor beside the bed, then turned his body towards Sherlock.
“Mm, fine. Hands only is fine. Just don’t let anyone play with my cock too long. I don’t want to come if it isn’t for you.” Sherlock whispered back.
“Release,” he said, and at the command, Sherlock finally lowered his hips back down onto the chair. The room broke into applause when John’s hand sunk into Sherlock’s hair, rewarding him for the room to see.
was. John sat beside his brother, his face pale and etched with worry. Sherlock instantly felt a pang of regret for turning his mobile off.
Laughter trickled out from the crowd as John took Sherlock’s hips in both hands and twisted Sherlock around so he was flat on his back. Lifting Sherlock’s legs one by one, he planted Sherlock’s feet on the ottoman, far enough apart to ensure the room had a good view of his submissive’s erection.
"Nice of Mr Hudson to lend us her place... But isn't it cartel property?" John asked, dropping his voice to a whisper while mentioning their landlady's colourful past.
“Can you fuck me and stroke my cock at the same time?” Sherlock asked, the corners of his lips turning up into a smile, “I like it better when you do it.”
“I concur. Tell me if I get something wrong,” Sherlock hummed, pressing his mouth against John’s. John sighed and parted his lips, allowing Sherlock’s tongue to dart inside.
With renewed energy, he set about tidying up. He started by moving his kit to the top of his dresser and then placing John’s items on the wooden surface beside his box. Next, he retrieved the lube bottle from under his bed and put it back in the drawer where it belonged. Lastly, he made quick work of making his bed, though he was sure it wasn’t the hospital corners to which John had grown accustomed.
John scrambled out of the car as fast as he could. He was just rounding the boot, shouting Sherlock’s name, when he witnessed his partner being pushed into a delivery van not fifty yards away.
“Yeah, uh… Da found out he had cancer, so they tried for one more before the treatment had a chance to sterilize him. I guess they warned him it could and offered to freeze some semen. I found out later that they decided to try the old-fashioned way first. He passed shortly after treatment started.  Never even knew mum was pregnant. I never got to meet him.”
“Yes well, as you say, better to be safe than sorry.” Unbuckling Sherlock slid across the seat. Turning to face John he braced his hands on the back of the seat on either side of John’s head and straddled his lap. The time for planning, or talking about their plans was over. Every precaution at their disposal had been made. Lestrade and a few officers would be in and around the club, Mycroft had men stationed in a similar fashion. Zed had his whole team on the lookout for any newcomers, or anyone trying to bypass the flower system. They’d been instructed to watch, but not approach.  No, there was nothing left to do now, except ease John’s nerves. His soldier, his man of steel, his unwaveringly loyal companion, was after all, only human.
if I stay busy. For that, I’ll need your help. Don’t let me out of your sight if we leave the flat. I promise you I’m telling the truth when I say I’ve destroyed the supply I used to keep here, but I could acquire a vial in less than five minutes if left alone.”
“God, you’re going to drive me crazy in this all evening,” John declared, placing the leather trousers and shirt on the bed beside his outfit.
“I did, and Mum was right. She hated it.” John laughed sleepily, burrowing his head into Sherlock’s shoulder. “I like this, just us.”
to reach their ears. Sherlock ignores it, but John smirks each time the padlock bounces against Sherlock’s cage.
"And if he had valuable information that might have been lost to us? What then?" Sherlock asked, turning to face John. "You did the right thing. Now he can rot in jail while we live our lives."
“I see the rules are still the same.” He said, reading over the words that had once greeted him every weekend.
In all their planning, John had been warned that this would be a possibility. Worried that Sherlock would, yet again, leave the club with John by his side there had been a good chance that they would go for him while they waited in line. The part they hadn't planned on, however, was the syringe that clattered to the ground as John rounded the boot of the car.
“Let him come to you, rules and all, John,” Zed added by way of a gentle reminder. “I’ll pop off and see how my lady is doing.”
“Yeah, that works,” John said as he tilted his head, watching how the shadows seemed more pronounced in the corners of his eyes, rather than directly under his eyes.
“Fine,” Sherlock snapped. John gently nudges his foot against Sherlock’s, and he sighs. “Fine,” he repeated, softening his tone.
John reached the offices first and didn't pause to see if Greg is following him. Taking stairs two at a time, then jumped down the last three steps as he reached the bottom. Streaks of blood could be seen on the cement floor as he rounded his first corner. Pulling up short he heard Greg grunt behind him as he came to a stop beside him.
“John,” Zed said firmly, coming to stand in front of his friend. He placed both hands on John’s shoulders and looked him in the eye. “Not for nothing, but you need to get a grip. Yeah, watching that was probably the most frightening thing I’ve ever witnessed, but Sherlock needs all of us on our top game. Knowing where he’s being taken, and getting him out are two different things. So either, pull yourself together, or you’ll have to sit at the kiddie table with the rest of us while the grown-ups go get him.”
“Baker Street it is,” Mycroft agreed from the driver’s seat. “Please inform me if you think you’re going to throw up, Sherlock.”
“Stop thinking so loudly, John,” Sherlock advised, tapping his knee against John’s to get his attention. “You’ve already said we’ll talk. Save your worries for when we get home.”
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock eventually choked out, his eyes had gone glassy, and his breath was coming in short pants. John wanted so badly to toss Sherlock onto the bed and bury his face between the man's legs, but breakfast was getting cold.
Rough hands grab Sherlock under his armpits and position him into a kneel. Then those same hands are running down his arms, almost caressing him. Sherlock fought against the bonds but the more he struggled the more the zip ties dug in. A sudden pinch on the inside of his elbow draws out a cry of outrage from his lips. “No drugs! I’m a recovering addict. God, no drugs. I’ll do what you want.”
“Hardly, Zed and Lydia have been at this long enough to know how to please each other. I’ve seen Zed sub out more than once, and it will take me a while to get over having a crowd watch me fuck you.”
“While you are wearing this,” John said, holding up the hood, “will remain completely silent, barring any emergencies or direct questions posed to you. Do you understand?”
For the next three hours, they poured over the box’s contents, only pausing long enough for Sherlock to run downstairs and collect food. Unbidden, Sherlock read some of Elizabeth’s letters to John, who closed his eyes and leaned back as the words wrapped around him like a tender embrace.
John fought the urge to mention (not for the first time) that Sherlock quite possibly needed glasses. Voicing that concern in the past had only been met with a scowl and a very scandalized Sherlock sulking about for three days.
"While I don't doubt that, I've been promised a week inside a villa along a private beach. If I have my way, neither of us will have much need for clothing," John grinned while settling back into his seat.
“If I pay you to make it, will you help us?” Sherlock asked. He was also walking around John in a wider arch, going the opposite direction as Jesper. “I understand that clubwear is below your pay grade, but I need it to be perfect. Something to ease John into things. Something that screams Military, without being disrespectful to the uniform. I’m going to need my Captain by my side, not some man wearing a cheap costume worn around Halloween.”
“Sherlock,” John purred, rolling his hips up to meet Sherlock’s first tentative thrust, “Sherlock, oh god.”
John lay in pure ecstasy for some time. He soaked up every ounce of pleasure Sherlock had to offer as if they were the last he’d ever receive. By the time Sherlock had three fingers inside him, John was panting and rocking his hips in short jerky movements. His cock was red and flushed; precome dribbled out from the head and down his shaft. Sherlock wanted to wrap his lips around it and suck it clean, but he also wanted to see John come from nothing but internal stimulant.
“So,” Sherlock drawled,  “this warm, almost dizzy, feeling I get when I make John happy. That would be… because I care about him?”
“We have two options, out of many. One better than the other,” John finally said while continuing to doodle small circles along the edges of the page. “Common dynamics are as follows” Dominant/Submissive, Dominant/Slave, with the more extreme cases using Master instead of Dominant.”
A lot of my head bashing against the wall would have been a lot more painful for me if Sara hadn't been around to tell me if my ideas sucked, or if I had a pothole. (Which she did catch!!!!)
John was in and out of Tescos in no time. Preparing to juggle three bags and an umbrella, he was pleased to find that the heavy droplets had returned to their previous drizzle. Despite their earlier conversation having gone well (as well as it could have), John decided to walk home using Siddons Lane, which would send him along the same path he and Sherlock had taken the night before.
“Will it be different, going out in public with John’s collar? Will I still be assaulted by useless data?” Sherlock asked the length of red rope as he traced the length around his neck. When no answer was forthcoming, he kissed his teeth and exhaled sharply.
“Most cases are peculiar if they find their way to me. I deal with what the police won't or can’t. Please, tell me your story, and I promise to listen.” Sherlock sat back in his chair, closed his eyes, and steepled his fingers below his nose. It took only a fraction of a second to clear his mind. Opening his eyes again, he regarded the Dominatrix with a cool gaze, nodding at her to begin.
“Yes, Captain.” Sherlock was grateful for the order. It would have been tempting to watch the audience, to read their minds, or see the lust in their eyes. But that would distract him, take his mind off the pleasure that John was trying to give him.
“You can ask me anything you’d like, but no promises on the name-calling,” Zed started to say as he pulled up to a traffic light. He turned to look at John and frowned at the concerned look his friend was giving the car in front of them. “Shoot, yeah, what is it?”
“Mm, yeah. We’re going to have to be inventive. Typical rules are something like making you sleep naked and having you ask permission before leaving the bed. And, call me crazy, but I don’t exactly relish the idea of being woken up every time you’re too restless to lay next to me. Instead…” John trailed off in favor of writing the first rule,
“Yeah,” Rosie said, and there was something in the way she frowned that made John believe she understood just a little bit more than he’d given her credit for.
“The table?” Sherlock queried, arching a brow as he walked past John. Entering the kitchen he saw a box, roughly the size of a book, resting on the center of the table. “Is this?” He began to ask, before sliding to his knees.
“Friday night, there was this bloke who made a pass at Sherlock,” John explained through pursed lips. He ran his palms against his trousers then continued, “Then last night, he watched us nearly the entire time we were dancing. Only, he wasn’t watching
“Got you more gingernuts. At this point I should just write to the company and have them shipped here by the case.” John teased, tossing Sherlock a package of his favourite sweets. “I shouldn’t encourage it, but watching you eat your weight in junk food is rather entertaining.”
“I’m sorry I rolled my eyes, Captain. You were only trying to ensure my comfort tonight. Please, Captain, may I do that? I’m your submissive, not her. Please?”
With one last tug at his cuffs, he squared his shoulders and headed towards the narrow set of stairs that led to a single dark red door with the words “Lotus” inscribed in scarlet cursive lettering. Under the name was the silhouette of not the flower, but a female form sitting transcended in the lotus position.
“Please collar me, Captain.” Desperation and desire coiled their way through Sherlock’s words. John’s world seemed to tilt on its axis to realize that not only did Sherlock want this, but he wanted it with him. Warmth spread over John’s entire body, and he was overcome with the desire to feel Sherlock.
“I was afraid you would like that, Locky. It’s just faux leather.” Jesper sighed but nodded his head in agreement.  “I have an idea for this Captain of yours. Give me two weeks, three if you want to wait for the rest of his wardrobe.”
“Truthfully, I don’t know how to dance beyond your basic shuffle. If you teach me, I’ll go out dancing with you. Especially if you wear those trousers.”
“John and I will head to the Yard,” Sherlock announced as soon as he’d finished adding Paige and Zed’s numbers to his phone. Sherlock paced the living room while John saw them out. When the squeak of the hall floorboard announced John’s return, he turned and grinned at him.
“Sherlock, look at me,” John whispered, breaking away from their sloppy kiss and staring imploringly up at his partner. “I enjoy this,” he said once Sherlock’s eyes met his, “I love having my prostate milked, love feeling the stretch and slide deep inside me. I can come just like that, without having my cock touched once. Please, god,” he threw his head back against the bed and rolled his hips against the finger that still hadn’t moved, “I want to feel you inside me, see the sweat form on your forehead as you take pleasure from my body. I want to hear your moans and grunts, see your face when you come deep inside me. Please, give this to me.”
“My love, what have I told you?” John prodded while tracing the line of Sherlock’s vein with a soft touch.
“Hey, no, don’t let yourself think about that.” John soothed, crouching down in front of Sherlock he looked up and placed a palm against the side of Sherlock’s face, “We’ll get you, someone, to talk to, and I’ll be here with you every step of the way.”
“I need you to remain an open line between Zed, the other club owners, and us.” Sherlock stopped with one foot already in the corridor and turned, facing John. “I’ll need you later. I will quite possibly need to clear my head when I return.” He gave John a look of molten lava, his eyes darkening to a steel blue.
"Mmm!" John sighed, stretching his back and rolling his head to half bury his face in the blanket. "God, yes, Sherlock. Oh god, I can feel you."
John shifted behind him, and a moment later, he came back into Sherlock’s line of vision. Their eyes locked, and they shared a private moment.
“With Greg.” It wasn’t a question. John’s voice was firm, leaving no room for arguments. While he wasn’t playing the role of Sherlock’s dom, he still made it known that his authority on some things would not be questioned. If only because he was the more responsible adult when it came to obeying the law and their safety.
“Pretty much. Newcomers are always welcome, but they just don’t want the word spreading that guys come here just to have sex. They don’t need big brother up their arses.”
“Yeah… God help me, they are.” John laughed as they stepped out into the night, the relative silence a welcomed change after the noisy club. A black car pulled up in front of them. The door opened and Mycroft himself leaned out. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but climbed in, deciding to use this time to make plans with his brother while he had his attention.
Sunlight warmed his back as he worked. Part of him longed to put the day to good use, to hit the streets of London and connect with his homeless network. It would be easy to lose himself in the pleasant weather, slipping through crowds unnoticed. But even as he imagined the feel of pavement beneath his feet, he remembered John’s hand on him last night.
Their cocks slid together at a fast and tortuous pace. Had they been home, Sherlock wasn’t sure the dry friction would have been enough. Out here, however, where they could be discovered at any moment, it was pure bliss. Sherlock felt himself slipping into subspace, but he fought it, wanting to feel every microsecond of this coupling.
“That was ridiculous.” He muttered as a smile crept over his face. It wasn’t a playful smile, though, nor was it amused. It was the smile Sherlock had learned came with lectures that lasted long into the night.
It only takes Greg a few minutes to convince Hicks to turn over Lilianne’s belongings to the Yard. In the end, he seems happy enough to have a section of his storage room back. So happy, in fact, that he even offers to take a single box out to the waiting car.
Sherlock had instructed Elvio to attach the cuffs to the wall just above the level of his shoulders. Now cuffed, with his stomach facing the wall, Sherlock’s forearms were pressed flat against the wall, his back arched, with his arse sticking out. John kicked his legs apart, then gave a single nod of approval as just a hint of Sherlock’s cock could be seen dangling under his skirt.
"Now he's getting it," John said happily, taking the second case so Sherlock could unlock the doors.
Knowing their plan required backup, and wanting that backup to be friends as well as a mix of Mycroft’s agents, John sent Greg a text, asking him for one more favour.
“Oh, a new couple. How exciting. I’d invite you two over for dinner sometime, but between birthing classes and here,” Sarah said happily, gesturing at the clinic around them, “and soon, these two will be occupying every minute of the day.”
“Ask,” John demanded, picking up the lock and collar. He held the collar by one end, letting it dangle in the air before Sherlock's face, waiting for permission to once again be Sherlock's Dominant.
“So deep, so big.” John rasped, his voice coming out in a harsh quack as he inhaled deeply, filling his burning lungs with air.
John spends the next half hour carding his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. As the promised hour drew near, John slipped his fingers from the silky embrace of riotous curls and kissed Sherlock’s head. It wasn’t long before a horn sounded outside, alerting John to Zed’s arrival.
“And lastly,” John asked, looking up from his notes and fixing the pair with a worried gaze, “would you be willing to make a statement with the Yard? I can connect you with a few officers who will be discrete. Zed assures me everything here is run by the books, but I can appreciate you not wanting London’s finest parading through the club. I’ve got a friend who has a good team. He’s currently in charge of the two missing girls.”
“No hospitals,” Sherlock whispered as John helped him into the back of a town car, driven by Mycroft himself. “Please, just take me home.”
Shrugging into his coat to ward off the sudden damp, John headed down the stairs and headed down the street. Just like last time, he'd only gone a few buildings down from their flat when Mycroft's car pulled up alongside him. This time, however, he climbed in without protest.
“Still correct,” John replied, then accepted a black rose from her and pinned it onto his jacket. “How do I look,” he asked, holding his arms out for her approval.
Passing the wall that he’d pinned Sherlock against, he smiled. He’d never been interested in public sex. It had always seemed too risky for his liking. But now, staring at the wall, he heard the echoes of Sherlock’s soft moans and felt himself growing hard at the memory.
He found a vial of clear liquid and an unused syringe, still in its wrapper, along with a set of keys. John left the syringe but took the vial on the assumption that if it contained whatever drug was coursing through Sherlock's system, having a sample to analyze might prove useful later on. If only to help tie them to the kidnapping. He left the keys, knowing they’d just be put into evidence later then stood up.
It didn’t take long before two men stepped out of the crowd. Much to John’s relief, neither were Moriarty. He watched as they took turns roaming their hands over Sherlock’s body. The first man went straight for Sherlock’s cock, fondling his balls and shaft before giving Sherlock’s arse a firm slap. The second, however, went for Sherlock’s neck and shoulders, massaging more than caressing. Sherlock let out a low moan when the man’s fingers brushed against his hair and John felt a pang of jealousy take root in his chest. It was one thing to think about someone touching Sherlock, another to
“The contents of her laptop are mostly school-related, I would say about seventy percent. Though I did find a folder full of smutty fanfiction,” Sherlock said, arching an amused eyebrow as he reached over John to turn the bedside lamp off, plunging them into darkness. “She’s smart. She doesn’t have any of her passwords auto-saved. I did manage to find the forum she and her friends use, thanks to a bookmark. However, it took me another twenty minutes to guess her password.”
“Mmm, we’ll both turn into sex addicts in our sex attic.” Sherlock hummed, buttoning himself back up and taking John’s hand. “You’re going to love it.”
John did not break eye contact as Sherlock entered him. He stared into those silver-blue eyes, watching Sherlock’s pupils dilate as the pleasure cascaded over him. Only once Sherlock was fully seated inside of him did John react. He threw his head back against the mattress and dragged his hands over his nipples, pinching them and rolling them as he let out a long moan. Sherlock twitched inside him, and John’s hands flew to the duvet, grabbing fistfuls of the feathery bedding and holding on for dear life.
remark, so he decided to enjoy himself. He was about to pull off, intending to simply slide his lips along the side of John’s shaft when John barked a command.
"It's so tight," Sherlock whispered, feeling John's warm heat convulsing around him. Tight muscles contracted as if their only goal was to swallow him whole, starting with his cock.
“God help me, I do.” John agreed around a laugh, “Come on, take me to this shop then. But after, we’re both eating something. I skipped lunch for this and I’m bloody starving.”
“Oh, wait.” John said, “Hand me my trousers,” and pointed to the chair on Sherlock’s side of the bed. Sherlock obediently reached out and tossed John his fatigues, curiosity plain on his face.
John, who had been leaning against the doorframe listening, pulled away and stepped back into the kitchen when the kettle clicked off. Rather than interrupt and ask how everyone wanted their tea, he put everything together on a tray.
“Right here,” Lestrade huffed as he ran towards them. “Was that Sherlock? I just got here, and saw the van take off.”
It wasn’t until he had a mouthful of sandwich that his brain caught up, and he realized what he’d said.
“Mmhmm.” Sherlock hummed. Then, as if the space between them was physically painful, he hurried across the gap and placed his head on the corner of John’s pillow. His eyes were open now and regarded him with an alertness that John could only wish he had moments after waking up. They flashed, multi-colored in the daylight, an equal mix of silver, blues, and greens.
John dove into an abridged version of his time on tour, his injury, and the basics of living with Sherlock Holmes. By the time he’d finished his tale, he’d knocked back two beers and a basket of crisps. A pleasant buzz had settled over him by the time his story was over. Zed let out a low whistle of appreciation, then waggled an eyebrow.
“The power cord, where?” Sherlock asked, scooping the laptop up. Knowing his efforts would be futile, he pressed the power button only to confirm his suspicion that the device had long since lost power.
“Ignore me? Yeah, all the time.” John harrumphed, ignoring the seed of worry Zed’s question had planted.
“Git,” Sherlock said, scoffing at John’s quip. However, the joke had helped ease him back into familiar territory. To a world where it was just him and John, running across rooftops and shooting cabbies.
“Term for bottoms who enjoy being tied up. I’d be your rigger. Rope slut is another term, but Zed knows better than to call other Dom’s subs sluts without permission. Ready?”
"You’re also adeptly attuned to my needs. You not only, ahhh," Sherlock moaned as John's finger brushed against his, up to now, mostly neglected cock, "Not only do you give me what I need. But you enjoy it, you enjoy everything we do together." Sherlock managed, then stretched out a hand. Wrapping his fingers around his target he gave John's erection a firm squeeze and opened his eyes long enough to smile seductively at his partner. "Hard, without me even touching you."
He just managed to stop himself from snorting, as he considered the possible variations John’s imagination would dig up.
"Because, Moriarty will be watching him closely. If he thinks there is a rift between you two, no matter how small, he won't be watching you as close. Which gives us room to work behind his back. Tell me, how are you with a sniper rifle?" Mycroft asked while turning his attention to a notebook he’d fished out of his breast pocket.
“You and your gingers,” Elvio said fondly, rolling his eyes. “He only remembers a man if he’s ginger. Surprised he went with me.”
"Oh? You don't want to keep these stockings on me?" Sherlock teased, wiggling his arse against John's palms.
“John, I don’t want this,” Sherlock gasped as he released his grip on his legs and wound them around John’s back instead. “I don’t want to be a slave to my addiction again. I don’t want to lose everything I’ve worked for. I don’t want to lose you, because I know you’ll leave me… You’re going to leave me. Oh, god, John. Please stay.”
Sparing one glance, John surveyed Sherlock and relaxed a fraction when it appeared his clothing was still intact. These men would not care about helping Sherlock back into his outfit after having their way with him. Turning his attention back to the man looming over Sherlock, John pressed the barrel of the gun harder into his skull.
“Oh, it would be my pleasure, Captain,” Lydia said when Zed gave her a single nod of approval. “What would you have me do.”
Sherlock’s whole world is thrown upside down in an instant. The cocaine, his once sought after friend, turned against him. Instead of pleasure coursing through him, that high you get when you scratch a lottery ticket and find you’ve won, all he felt was panic. Everything he’d worked for since his release from rehab lay shattered on the floor of his prison, ground into the grit beneath his captor’s boots. Trampled over like one might squash an insect.
“Oh yes, please, Sir.” Holding out his right hand, so the bracelet wouldn’t interfere with the watch he typically wore on his left wrist, John guided him to sit on the edge of the bed. Their height difference served as a potent reminder that John was entirely in charge of the situation, as he carefully ran his thumb over the vein on the underside of Sherlock’s wrist.
“Yeah, that was Otto,” Elvio said, steering the conversation back on track. “He’d come every Saturday to find someone to top him. Once a month or so, he’d spread the word that he was looking to be fucked by as many men as possible. One of our staff would have to sit and watch, making sure condoms were used, and things didn’t get out of hand, but it really drew in the crowds. We haven’t seen him since the last gangbang in March.”
Not even more than halfway out of the car, Sherlock’s heart sank. He hadn’t expected it to happen this quickly. Not only that, something sharp had just japped him in the shoulder, and the familiar burn told him he’d just been injected with something. Whirling around he came face to face with a man two inches taller than himself and built like an ox.
"I have no doubt. John will do this by the book." Sherlock assured Greg, "John knows better than to face your wrath. Something I am trying to learn."
“We’ll turn the rest of the air on after, right now I have something that rather needs your attention,” Sherlock murmured, stroking his fingers along the length of his prick.
“Alright,” Sherlock nodded, though he winced the moment he focused on his knees. “Stiff and thirsty.”
He placed the potholders on the center of the table, where they’d be ready to receive a pair of hot dishes. The hall door creaked open, and he looked up to see a tired but smiling John toe off his shoes.
Greg arrived a half-hour before opening. By that time John and Sherlock were just getting into position. John, who’d been nervously fidgeting with the chain on his wrist since arriving, seemed to freeze when he saw Greg’s face. It was one thing for Zed to be there, bondage and sex having been present in their friendship since the beginning, but to see Greg there, caused him to go full rabbit in the headlamps.
“All weekend, please, Sir,” Sherlock answered quietly. “I overheard Mrs. Hudson say she would go visit her sister. Barring any surprise visits from my brother, that gives us a day and a half to explore this.”
John walked for a few more steps, aware that with each splash of his shoes against the pavement, his feet were growing damp.
in our circle. Most of us prefer to keep the actual act of sex out of our clubs. Most of us have seen enough to know it can be dangerous to let amateurs practice. On our property, any accidents become our responsibility. But these two, well, they embrace it. You walk in, and it’s just… sex. Everywhere you look.”
“Actually, if you would allow me to speak,” Mycroft said tersely the moment John shut his mouth, “Speaking of consent. You should be made aware of Sherlock’s past relationships. One in particular. My brother tends to bottle things up or avoid past mistakes.” Mycroft winced when John shoved a finger under his nose
“No, I’m not…” Sherlock agreed, pressing a soft kiss to John’s chest. “Nor are we. Did he stand by the door and listen?”
“No, I said I needed someone to help me pay the rent. Not, help cover rent. You know me by now, John. How often do I remember a due date for any of our bills?”
They both broke into a fit of giggles, which only grew stronger when Sherlock placed a pot of steamed broccoli on the table.
Sherlock’s words soothed the rougher edges of John’s anger, but there was still a fire kindling in those blue eyes.
Five minutes later, John finds himself sitting at a high-top table surrounded by Zed and the two owners. Zed had introduced them both as Vizler-Walsh, and by the way, they held hands over the table. It wasn’t difficult to gather that they were married.
Placated, John uncrossed his arms and flashed him a toothy grin.“So could I, with proper transport. I know my way around a farm. Have you ever seen pigs eat? They’ll devour anything that falls into their pen, even bones.”
“We have reason to believe that you are in very real danger, brother mine,” Mycroft said, motioning for Sherlock to get into the car. “Shut the door and I’ll explain.”
“Flip over,” Sherlock demanded, pulling out with a slick pop and prodding John’s thigh. “On your knees.”
"I'm afraid so. But I have you to keep me safe. As well as half the Met and God knows how many men my brother has enlisted to help. A fair number of law enforcement men and women want this ring displaced. Arresting Sisk was as effective as scratching the surface of the iceberg."
Between the overcast sky and the new moon, the only light they had to work with came from back garden lights. John’s formed seemed more intimidating, cast in shadows, and the height difference, thanks to Sherlock being pressed against the wall, sent shivers down the detective’s spine.
“My room, yes. Our room?” Sherlock said, trying the phrase on for size. Straightening, he chanced a brief look at John’s face and was instantly relaxed by the smile he found there. “It’s the nicer bedroom, close to the bathroom. And, I’ve found I sleep better with you by my side.”
"It is, oh god, it is. Faster, please," he begged, lifting a knuckle to his mouth and placing it between his teeth.
John chuckled while wrapping the stiff leather band around Sherlock’s neck. Sliding the padlock through the locking buckle, he locked it in place then went to stand in front of Sherlock.
“Sherlock, what are we looking at here? With the girls?” Greg asks as they get closer to their destination.
“Yeah, C’mere.” John reached out and took Sherlock by the wrist and led him to the living room, where he gently pressed his friend into his armchair. John sat in his chair then toed off his shoes.
