Tony couldn’t help but feel sorry for the woman who would so easily be discarded once Bond had no other use for her. His whole face warmed at the memory of his first night with Steve, his Steve who had devoted an hour to an extensive exploration of Tony’s most intimate secrets. He mapped out Tony’s body like a master at his craft, until he had memorized even the smallest details, like how the warm, wet touch of his lips behind Tony’s knee would leave him shivering in anticipation, but a firm massage of his fingers in the same, soft skin inspired no such pleasure. When Steve had finally lowered himself on top of Tony, face to face and sharing the same breath, Steve was reduced to a worshipper held captive between Tony’s thighs. Tony had watched Steve’s eyes roll back in his pleasure when the first thrust breached Tony’s body. Tony willed himself to watch as Steve bit his lip and set his jaw against whatever he instinctively desired, but for all his skill and confidence, he visibly struggled to contain himself. To reduce a man as strong and determined as Steve to the point of delirium had left Tony drunk with power. He locked his legs around Steve’s narrow waist, and with firm, eager rolls of his hips, Tony begged Steve to fuck him, to give him everything Tony had desired in their five months of platonic intimacy.
“How’d you hear about this place?” Tony wondered as he climbed off, lingering on the curb until Steve joined him.
The effect was immediate. Tony slumped to the floor between Steve’s thighs, high on his sudden spike of bone-deep contentment. His throat was raw from the abuse, but still he refused to release Steve’s cock. He settled back into his position on the floor between his master’s thighs, and without the urgency of earlier, he nuzzled into Steve’s lap and tenderly suckled on the head in gratitude.
Slowly, Steve started to relax in his arms. Eventually, his eyes slipped shut, and his head relaxed back against the shared support of Tony’s arm and the firm couch pillows. For the first time since the one-sided fight in the theater lobby, Tony had the relative privacy to take a breath and re-evaluate.
Maria’s expression soured with a sympathetic frown, but she said nothing. Somehow, by some bitter twist of irony, that was the nicest thing she’d said to him.
“I’m not usually this bad! But it wasn’t as if someone in the family was expecting, or, or anything else positive that could happen at 5am… yeah, no, it wasn’t my brightest moment,” he admitted with a self-deprecating grin. “And remember, this is breaking news, it wasn’t as if there weren’t any clues: the whole time I’m booking the tickets to New York, dozens of notifications are popping up on Tony’s phone, friends, colleagues, news, Twitter—and I keep cursing them, I’m trying to dismiss them and they keep getting in the way—until I miss and open one article accidentally where Tony’s name is in the headline. Finally it dawns on me. I start crying, and I look and see Tony’s already a mess. We talked to my mom, his mom, then drank a gallon of water to rehydrate and went back to bed, because it was still five in the morning and I’d come off a night-shoot just a few hours earlier.”
Tony pressed a soft kiss to Steve’s cheek and rested his hand on Steve’s knee, giving him a gentle, affectionate squeeze.
A creature not unlike Steve was the first to approach, and all Tony could process at the time was his gratitude that it was humanoid and reasonably handsome like Steve, and not something spikey or insane. There was even a gloss to his skin that Tony silently envied. He watched over his shoulder as the creature and Steve both pulled cards from their respective pockets and touched them for a second before getting on with business.
He gave Tony an ultimatum: stay in New York with Steve, or move to Virginia and make the most of his chance with the Feds.
“James Barnes,” Tony said to Bucky while Steve was busy receiving a hero’s welcome. “We seek the multi-MDK maniac Rumlow, also known as Crossbones. He has evaded our surveillance for many days, and Steve Rogers believes he is doing so by hiding in the tunnels. Do you know where he could be?”
“I have about fifteen different things that need your immediate attention in the next twelve hours, but I can’t even stand to look at you right now,” she told him. “Fix your tie. Happy is waiting for you downstairs to take you to lunch. Get some fresh air, Tony, some sunlight. Drink some
His choices were simple: allowing SHIELD to run tests on him for a clear answer, or doing it on his own, and there was no way he trusted SHIELD with Erskine’s serum. They hadn’t even been able to keep him safe back in the 40s. So Steve accepted his fate as ‘a man out of time.’ People used the phrase fondly, as if it was romantic - as if his destiny defied time and space to bring him where he needed to be.
“You did say you had plans to hook up later, and since I’m leaving,” Jane explained, shrugging off the rest of the sentence.
He took a moment to confirm that the van hadn’t moved since it parked the night before, and that the clocks were all still in the van. The way those dimwits had drank when they’d finally gotten into town, Steve wouldn’t be surprised if they were nursing hangovers through Sunday.
“Cause Tony taught him how to open fences, and he prefers to be close to us. He just loiters outside Tony’s window, he’s harmless,” she said, as if it made perfect sense. Then, apropos of nothing, she said, “Howard tells me you’re thinking of marrying my son.”
“I convinced her to do Ellen today in the time it took me to walk to work,” Steve told Sitwell, and his tired tone had Sharon wincing. “For your long, if questionable, service to this company, I will give you one month to find a new job. You can tell everyone you resigned, or you can tell them I fired you; I don’t care. The only condition to this offer—and it is incontrovertible—is that you remain out of my sight until you leave. If I have to spare another thought on your insignificance, your termination will be immediate.”
“He’s turned the corner,” Bucky told Steve grimly, as if the last thing he needed in his life was an eight-block sprint. Steve still tried to confirm they were out of sight when Bucky shoved the bank door open and shouted,
“And pastrami,” Bucky intoned, clearly not about to let the food portion of their tradition go forgotten. “I saved my cheat day for this. What’s so important you have to cancel?”
“Speak of the Devil, he seems to be calling,” Steve murmured as he turned the final corner that brought him to the driveway of the little shop. A gray van was parked out back while four men worked to load it with stolen Delftware.
Two years ago, Versace designed a perfume advertisement campaign around the blistering heat of summer and the glorious history of the Roman Empire. Beautiful women in modern silk togas and woven sandals walking through the ancient cobblestone streets of Rome watched with bated breath as the victorious gladiators emerged from the arena, fashionably disheveled in sweat and dust from the fight.
Steve reached up to tuck some of Tony’s hair behind his ear, then gently cupped his cheek, as if all he wanted was to hold him steady and cherish the look of him. Moments passed in silence between them, and Steve’s open reverence  had color rising in Tony’s cheeks, until Tony could no longer resist the urge to duck his head and hide his blush. But Steve wouldn’t let him get away with hiding; he swept his thumb over Tony’s cheek, urging him to look up, then pushed up to meet Tony halfway as he pulled him in for a kiss.
The summer solstice festival marked the beginning of the annual weeklong holiday. All around the kingdom people could lay happy in their beds, lazy and content, sleeping in after a day of games and incredible indulgences.
“Hey!” the man greeted him cheerfully, as if he wasn’t as surprise to see Tony as he looked. He patted his curious terrier and waved Tony over. “Seamus and I are really happy to see you, come in. Did you sign in at the desk?”
Tony is a boxing manager with a past, someone who was once great, but has for reasons of his own doing ruined his own career. Steve's a young gun who really had no experience, but Tony saw something in him from the start - or maybe just, no other boxer with a lick of insight would trust themselves in his hands anymore, and since nobody else was really seeing much promise in Steve and Tony had nobody else who'd work with him, they came together - professionally, nothing romantic yet by far.  With Tony's guidance and training, Steve fights his way to the top, to the heavyweight title match against the current defending champion, Vanko. But when Vanko enters the ring with Steve for the title match, as soon as Tony see's him his instinct from years in this damn business tells him that something is wrong. Their damn opponent is too optimistic, too pleased to be there. Nobody should be so confident climbing into the ring with a fighter like Steve's, even if he's technically still a nobody - even a defending champion knows how scary a young, hungry competitor is, so why is Vanko and his team smirking? And by the second round, Tony's pretty damn sure the other guy is cheating, either by wearing reinforced gloves or knuckledusters under them, because that's not the right sound and that is not how Steve's body would react if it was a clean hit. And when Steve comes back to the corner at the end of the fourth round, not even a third of the way through but so badly bruised and bleeding, Tony's tells him his suspicions and that he's throwing the towel in.
“I helped you find the Last Chief!” Tony shouted back. “I helped bring her back! I did everything I promised, and now it’s your damn turn,
Steve’s unexpected cry left Tony spluttering with laughter, and this time, Steve wasn’t far behind. Soon he had Tony wrapped in his arms again, and Tony felt himself lifted closer until Steve could kiss his forehead.
“Sir, I formally convey my respectful presence,” Jane said and raised her hand for a formal yet friendly greeting.
“I, I was wrong, I was so wrong,” Steve agreed, “after last night, after you took care of me; Tony, please. I didn’t know what I have, I didn’t appreciate you. I was frustrated and couldn’t see how, how generous and kind you are. Please, Tony? Give me another chance.”
“You’ve been working on this case for days. It’s been on your mind, that much is obvious,” Steve gestured at the organized chaos around him. “But you also published twenty pages last week. Twenty excellent pages; I’ve never been more excited about librarians in my life.”
Sarah yelped and clutched the album, and Tony jolted upright with a sudden gasp. Lime green margarita sloshed across their laps, soaking the cover of the photo album Sarah had desperately tried to save.
“Sam’s right. We’ll need boots on the ground to rule out cheating, and I’m too hungry to run around Boston alone.”
“Don’t even think about it, Rogers,” Tony warned him as Karl cleared his throat and prepared for the next question.
He needed to regroup. All he needed was a few hours to himself where he could get his bearings again.
“Your comfort mechanism gives me vicarious joy-joy feelings, Steve Rogers. I will be sure to acquire a greater number and variety of yarn for you,” Tony promised with a smile of delighted pride. “Allow me to get ready, and I will return to collect you promptly.”
Pliant, loose-limbed, and half-asleep, Tony arched and rolled his hips beautifully in response to every thrust of Steve’s long fingers, whimpering and moaning in pleasure under his every breath. Regardless of how willing, how tight, or how reluctant Tony was, Steve always filled the first canister by hand. This morning, Tony opened under Steve’s practiced fingers with beautiful ease. With a short series of thrusts, Steve worked most of the canister’s length into Tony, and it wasn’t long before Tony groaned, deep and guttural in his satisfaction, to let Steve know it had bottomed out.
“You sent me videos of him, remember? I have some of them—I took some of them,” Steve reminded him. “We’ll figure out the charts. What else?”
He plucked at his soaked training top in consideration. It was sleeveless, always a plus, but it was old and worn. The gun metal grey had faded over time as it became less tight and more transparent - and while the latter was a plus, the former was not flattering. While it was wet from his sweat, it clung to his skin and showed off the his pecs and his abs, but it would be a race against the clock to get the right picture before the wicking fabric dried.
Despite freezing rain and sleet, Steve got dropped off at Tony’s address by a black and white in record time. He hesitated briefly at the door, considering yet again to ask the officer to hang around in case of emergency like Bucky had suggested. It would be the smart thing to do, but if he was right about Tony, the risk of offending him after all he was doing for their case was too great.
That’s just okay with you, for your assistant to call me a good for nothing?” Tony shouted without warning, and Steve startled so badly he had to clutch at his heart. Tony didn’t seem to notice, or maybe he did and he didn’t care, but he didn’t stop shouting. “What is—why,” he interrupted himself mid-speech with an unnatural calm, “no. What am I saying. No, this is over. We’re done. If that’s how you treat me, how you let others treat me, we’re done.”
Steve was still trying to peel his lube-coated gloves off when he looked up at the large board overhead, and he couldn’t contain a pleased grin at the sight of his own name climbing the charts well ahead of Natasha.
Steve caught his flailing, outstretched hand, and brought it to his lips. “I’m right here, sweetheart,” he whispered against Tony’s fingers.
It was so clearly playful and Steve had no doubt Tony would find a way to give Steve his space to rest any second, but rest was the last thing he wanted. Before Tony had a chance to move away, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony in a loose embrace. He cupped Tony’s neck at first, giving him a gentle squeeze, then slowly started carding his fingers through Tony’s hair. With time, Tony relaxed into a happy human blanket keeping Steve’s body warm.
He remembered telling Tony he would see him on Wednesday. They had been invited to see a school play; the Year 10 students were performing Molière’s Tartuffe, and Steve had been brushing up on his French in the hopes of speaking to the kids without a translator.
While Tony was thrilled to be at CERN, little made him happier than the random pictures Steve would send him from his daily adventures. Every time Tony’s phone buzzed with an incoming message his skin would tingle in anticipation. Sometimes Steve sent him photos of a small painting in progress from the mountain side, other times a selfie with a friendly cow he met on one of his hikes. Once it was a group photo with a small gaggle of school children who started following him around a museum with questions about art, architecture, and America.
The world skidded to an immediate halt around him as two parts of Steve’s lives collided without warning. Steve flipped to the first page where the full name of each client was written - and sure enough, the husband’s name was James Buchanan Barnes. The same husband Mrs. Hansen had described as having an alcoholic, abusive father and who had tried his best to be a better man for his own children.
“Two seconds ago I was going out of my way to make sure you got the best trainer I’ve known,” Steve observed ruefully.
Steve watched in stunned horror as soldiers manned their stations along the walls and gates of the kingdom. He was on the wrong side of that wall; he was safe in Berlin, while Tony defended their people alone.
“If I called Lila and asked her whether you’re regularly eating four meals a day, what would she tell me?”
He’d survived dinner and kept his cool by the skin of his teeth.  There was only so much Tony could eat when he was surrounded by despicable people, and he liked Steve’s food better anyway. Even with healthy alternatives like cottage cheese, his vegetarian lasagna was so good Tony could barely find the time to complain between bites until his plate was scraped clean.
“Wait! Detective?” Tony called after him, and Steve spun on his heel to face him. “All this time… if I had seen it, would he—”
“He doesn’t just like you, he trusts you,” Tony told her as if she hadn’t said anything. “It’s kinda weird to ask out someone you out rank, so… you gotta step up. You’ve got more balls than any guy I know,” he added, looking away from Steve long enough to give her a sly grin. “What’s stopping you?”
Steve crouched down and started the process of unlatching the locked manhole cover when Bruce seemed to finally realize that this wasn’t all a terrible nightmare.
“Not forever,” Steve promised him, and Tony relaxed in his arms. “How about… the first twenty times?”
The words caught Tony by surprise, and it was finally enough that he pulled a chair out to sit down next to Steve, signalling that he was ready to talk.
Tony stared at the plate of eggs he had been given. When he looked up at Stephanie again, he looked at her with confusion and wonder. “You… you made this? For us?”
Despite the comfort of knowing Steve was alive, Tony couldn’t bring himself to work. Instead, he busied himself in the kitchen. He wasn’t sure what Steve would be able to eat and keep down - he didn’t even know what dietary allergies Steve might have - but he figured plain oatmeal would be safe. As quietly as he could, he got a pot on the stove, and tried to remember how his mom had once taught him to make oatmeal the right way.
“Tony, this… this might be it,” Steve said slowly. In a rush, he turned over the original envelope to find it had been sent on October 23rd from Long Island City. Suspicious, and conveniently local.
Steve shook his head and raised a hand to get Tony’s attention. Tony snapped his mouth shut and gave Steve all his attention. “I think I missed a step, Tony,” Steve told him. “What problem would you solve by starting your own company?”
The time difference from Korea was not as great as when Steve had been in San Francisco, but still Steve felt caught off guard when his phone peeped with an incoming message in the middle of a meeting. Nobody else had noticed, but it was through sheer force of will that Steve continued the meeting with a fairly level head. Throughout the day he was helplessly aware of his phone weighing in his pocket, until finally he could slip away at the end of the day and indulge in these newly (and fiercely) coveted messages from his husband.
Tony was only getting into the meat of the issue when he had to pull away. Whether Steve was particularly responsive to having his ass touched, responding to the release of tension in his body, or enjoying a wet dream, he had started rolling his hips against the mattress, hungry for more friction. But he and Tony hadn’t had that talk yet, and Tony wasn’t crossing that line without explicit consent.
“Where’s that rat bastard?” Sam announced to the public at large in the bar, some of whom had paused what they were doing to peek at the thirty-some odd men who filed in to hover and glower. “I will smack the white privilege out of that boy.”
“Did you know that Christopher Walken has had the same hair since he first fell in love with Elvis as a young guy?” Tony stage-whispered only a few minutes into the movie. “First of all, a
“That’s why it’s funny,” Steve managed through his laughter, wiping his stray tears away. Tony smacked him on the shoulder and called him an ass, but that only set Steve off again, giggling helplessly.
On his phone, Steve watched the feed from his most recent addition to the Delft tourism industry - a planted camera in a decorative little ceramic Dutch slipper done up in Delft blue. For the second night in a row, there seemed to be no unusual nighttime movements in the overpriced tourist shop.
Steve took deep, measured breaths as he listened to Tony’s words, breathing in through his nose and out through his mouth. When he looked up at Tony after that, he looked marginally regrouped. Tony smiled at him then, just to try, and when Steve smiled back, the world became a better place.
A quiet sound escaped the other man, and Steve stopped in his tracks to make sure he wasn’t crying. He stepped back into the bathroom and let the door shut behind him before realizing the man was trying to hold back laughter.
“You keep saying that,” Clint muttered, slowly getting the grill ready for good while it heated up. “You allergic to kicking back or something?”
“You keep saying that. What is on that computer, nuclear launch codes?” Steve wondered while he thanked the hot dog vendor and stuffed the change for his ten into the tip jar.
Satisfied, he opened the next one. Again there was a map, but this time, the attached photos were of weapons. Not the massive laser cannon weapons that he would have expected of the future, but weapons that he almost recognized. They look like the fancy StarkTech he would have used in his day, but upgraded.
“He’s either cheating or dumping you,” Sam replied, his tone gentle but firm. Clearly, he was a practitioner of ripping off the Band-aid in one jerk instead of washing it off with lukewarm water and a gentle touch.
“Sugar babies are trophies, Steve: beautiful, enviable accessories to drape on your arm from time to time. You need to show off, flaunt a little, look like you know how to enjoy the finer things in life. You won’t do any of that in clothes you bought at the GAP.”
“It’s only a start, but the schools onboard with re-introducing shop classes to build houses for vets have seen great results. The kids seem to get a lot out of it, teachers say that working together toward a common goal is bringing them together, and the homes they’re creating are really something else.”
Tony snickered into his bag of chips, but otherwise was quiet as Steve slowly learned how to maneuver the car by navigating them out of the parking lot. It was a little shaky at first, and they jolted forward when he took the stop sign out of the parking lot too abruptly, but it didn’t matter. Nobody was around to get irritated or pressure Steve into moving any faster. Tony didn’t even bother telling him about the blinkers at first, instead just talking him through how to get back to the highway, when to speed and what to look for, and brave, trusting Steve dared to push it to 65 mph on the one-lane highway in his first twenty minutes behind the wheel.
“Oh no, Laura wants a church wedding,” Clint replied even though he knew Tony was only joking. “I think I want one, too.”
“Your Highness,” he said quietly in Cimbri. Steve didn’t correct him, and instead waved a staying hand for Bucky and Rhodey who had returned to see him so that Steve could give his attention to the boy.
Steve glared at her, snarling in his visceral anger. “I am not losing my career because of some stupid, arbitrary, socially constructed nationality. I worked hard for this job; I earned this job. So, I’m going to go out there and find myself an American husband, and if you care about your job, you are going to help me.”
The next morning Steve got to the station with a spring in his step and a smile bright enough to make heads turn. It had been difficult to leave Tony that morning, nestled as he was in his cozy blankets. Snuggling closer and indulging in Tony’s languid kisses and sleep-warm body would have been heavenly. But they had a new angle on the case, and if there was one thing Steve needed to do - for Tony and for himself - it was to clear Tony’s name once and for all.
And best of all, from the glimpse Tony shared of the breakfast feast, Steve spied a large jug of chocolate milk and two added table settings arranged across the table.
The problem was that Tony wasn’t some spy, and he wasn’t a masterful liar. Bucky saw right through him, and clearly felt no compunction about laughing at Tony from across the workbench.
Tony scoffed quietly to himself, but he looked away before the color in his cheeks became too obvious. “How dare you,” he muttered under his breath, lifting their joined hands to kiss the back of Steve’s wrist.
Natasha patiently listened and watched him without saying a word. When Tony had been quiet for a while and it was clear another burst of insecurity wasn’t immediately forthcoming, she turned after the bartender to order two more rounds of drinks.
“Oh, good question,” Carl said with a grin. “Yes! We aren’t using three-letter initials, so all first and last names count. Are you ready?”
“I am, because I wasn’t,” Steve admitted, even looking at Tony with a little smile. “It’s not easy because it’s simple. Nothing ever is.”
At first Steve didn’t answer. He pressed his cheek against the top of Tony’s head, quiet and unmoving, as if he needed time to find his feet again. Then, he picked up the book at the page he had left off and read,
“The guy may be a god, Tony, but he also looks a lot like George W. Bush,” Steve said with a helpless shrug. “That’s not really flattering unless you can make a career out of it.”
“Yes, mom,” Tony drawled, hugging Steve a little closer to himself when Maria gave him one last shamelessly lecherous look before leaving them to it.
Rather than looking upset or disappointed, Jane nodded to herself as she mulled it over. “These rockets and shuttles, they made it possible for people to travel into space?”
“Then I, Chief Director Nicholas Fury, leave the charge of Captain Steven Grant Rogers in your hands for the duration of his parole. With Lieutenant Robert Bruce Banner as my witness, should he meet the criteria of a respectable citizen of New Yorseylvania at that time, I will recommend your ascention to gold class status.”
Maria stomped out of the kitchen in her Sunday best and a mean look. Both boys straightened in alarm, as if they’d somehow gotten caught in the middle of misbehaving.
Steve frowned at the question and, without thinking, his gaze turned to Tony. Tony blinked back at him, then gasped softly and looked away immediately when he realized how he’d been staring. “I don’t tell many people, because when I do, yes. I am treated differently.”
“If you show Mr. Tony how good you can be today, and how well you have learned your multiplications tables,” Steve said in a steady, patient voice, “I will talk to the principal and see if we can’t make room for Mr. Tony on the trip next week.”
Tony snickered quietly as he shucked his pants and his briefs, kicked off his boots, then tossed everything aside without a care. He returned to the bed then, naked and glorious and entirely out of reach.
“It's been two years. Betty Ross earned her license years ago, she deserves better than an impotent fiancé,” Bruce muttered as he awkwardly sat back into his desk chair. “She deserves so much better.”
Tony laughed a little breathlessly, but he was almost too sore to even manage that pain-free. “Darling, you’re hot as sin, but if you think I—”
Steeling himself, Tony dared to glance down at his chest. The angry, bleeding lines, the jagged edges of his skin curling back from the wound, it was all enough to make Tony sick.
: Inspired in 1830 when Peter Cooper learned about the government-supported École Polytechnique in France, Cooper Union was established in 1859. The school was built on a radical new model of American higher education based on founder Peter Cooper's fundamental belief that an education "equal to the best technology schools [then] established" should be accessible to those who qualify, independent of their race, religion, sex, wealth or social status, and should be "open and free to all". Since 1859, they have sincerely committed to the idea of keeping it "open and free for all" by providing all those who qualify full scholarships until 2014 when the economy forced their hand (read the few paragraphs on Wiki if you're interested, I'm incredibly impressed with everything they still did for their students and continue to do), and by last year they committed to returning to return to fully funding ALL undergrads again by 2028.
Tony had arranged for their preferred suite at the Commonwealth well in advance, but a last minute meeting with his committee meant Steve arrived with hours to spare before Tony showed up. He treated himself to a long, warm bath before trying anything else. Sharon (and Carol, who quickly had noticed something was up and demanded to be let in on the secret) had approved his plan, but there was still the slightest chance that Tony wouldn’t like it. The last thing Steve wanted to do was ruin their first Valentine’s Day, or send some weird signal like he was bored or unappreciative of what they already had.
Steve was practically a stranger, a man he had only met twice. He could count on his fingers the number of hours he had spent with the man. He was intelligent and he was thoughtful, and in any topic of conversation they had ventured to - poetry, politics, philosophy - Steve had proved to be a man in his element. Tony had enjoyed his company, found comfort in Steve’s humble confidence.
“I feel like I’m missing something,” Tony told Steve between quick gulps of water. “It’s not like I’m less interested in you if they’re disappointed.”
Steve snuffled softly and brought Tony back to the present. It almost hurt to look at him, with his handsome face and smooth skin, and his long eyelashes fanning over his cheek. The memory of that cracking punch that sent Steve reeling backwards, his disorientated, startled expression when Tony had caught him and held him in his arms, and the swollen, purpleing bruise on Steve’s face made Tony sick to his stomach with guilt.
“Hold on to it for me?” Steve asked in a voice so quiet and a smile so shy he probably would have tried to brush it off as a joke if Tony balked.
With the thundering gallop of his heartbeat pounding in his ears, Steve sat up slowly and with great care, doing his best not to jostle the man sleeping beside him. Long, naked legs stretched out from under the duvet, tan and lean, but the rest of him was bundled up in their shared duvet. Steve inched closer until finally he realized who it had to be.
Steve grimaced, looking pitifully guilty. “Sweetheart, I don’t think I’ll have time for that tonight,” he said quietly. “I have to find a replacement spot for her now.”
Stephanie had barely finished saying yes when Tony ran to her and pulled her into his arms, and as relief and happiness and profound affection overwhelmed him all at once, he lifted her into the air and spun with her in his arms, kissing her all over her face and her lips between private, whispered promises to love her and care for her.
Pale and unblinking, Tony stared at the three new photographs. His face took on a green nauseous tinge when he reached for the photograph of Tara Jones. Her arms were threaded through the vintage steering wheel of a sailboat, a smile painted and smeared over his lips with blood red lipstick.
The redhead’s wry look softened into a smile of understanding. “The professors? Yeah, they do that. Socratic method.”
Steve plastered on his USO smile and told himself he had punched Hitler for the two-hundredth time. “Oh, lucky me!”
It might have been the euphoria talking, but Steve firmly believed the contrast of his white come over Tony’s tanned olive skin was the most beautiful piece of art he’d ever seen - and he told Tony as much as he sunk down on his knees behind him, took Tony’s cheeks in hand again to spread his gaping, sorely abused hole, and dove in with gusto. With a cut-off cry of delight, Tony dropped forward to brace his weight against the couch, pressing his ass back onto Steve’s face and turning just so to watch Steve over his shoulder.
“Your Honor, I find it highly suspicious that my client was accused of the precise indiscretions outlined in the prenuptial agreements to favor Mrs. Hansen in the event of a divorce. Accusations that, as I have demonstrated before the court, are unfounded and, I argue, fabricated by Mrs. Hansen for primary custody and a greater portion of Mr. Barnes’s assets,” he said, emphatic on his client’s behalf. “We contest joint custody of the children: primary custody of the children for an equal division of all assets and no additional alimony.”
“You arrive in time to see my crowning achievement,” he purred, patting the armed Scrap on the shoulder. “You see, Pierce programmed me so I couldn’t kill him. But, Ben here can. Why don’t you show everybody what a powerful man you are, Ben?” Rumlow added, “kill the bitch.”
But then he heard a snap and the tension in his shoulders suddenly eased and the unyielding plastic digging into his wrists fell away. Voices spoke over him, and Steve peeled his eyes open. Dark figures blurred into the darkness of his prison, but the one nearest him, the one touching him all over and helping him lie on his back, had short dark hair and a confidence that made Steve feel safe.
“Tony!” Rhodey snapped, but then quickly shut his mouth. He closed his eyes and took a deep, steadying breath before trying again. “I’m not having this conversation with you when you’re thinking with your little brain, Tony,” he said with a strained calm. “Unless you’ve created some kind of invisibility cloak, or retro-reflective clothes, I don’t think Tony Stark will go unnoticed anywhere in Boston.”
“Well, then you better appreciate it while it lasts,” Steve replied smartly, doing his best to keep a straight face even when Tony started giggling on the other end. “Listen, I hate to burst your bubble but the minute we move in together and your signature is on that lease, I’m going to start taking you for granted and letting myself go.”
“You look great,” he assured Steve before his argumentative side started complaining. “Your job is to keep time, and make sure I don’t forget water, alright? Every thirty minutes or so, water. Got your phone?”
Bruce moved aside a multi-colored puzzle cube with great caution so that he could perch on his partner's desk. He waited patiently for Tony to finish and disconnect the call before shoving the unlocked tablet under his nose.
The long, private road leading to Taco Bell was lined with palm trees. Fairy lights housed in bright purple bells twinkled in the twilight of the evening, and as much as Steve felt it should be cheesy and intolerable, he couldn’t deny it added to the inexplicably buoyant excitement and mounting anticipation.
Tony kept his promise to take Steve under his wing. He gave Steve a domestic model of the Stark cell phone, one that precious few had access to outside of Machtberg. In difference to the Stark phone dominating most of the global market, the domestic phone boasted features otherwise unheard of, including guaranteed worldwide reception. In that first year especially, Steve was attached to his phone like a lifeline. Terrini’s foreign minister, Peggy Carter, was often at Steve’s side for him to lean on for the big questions, but if he was honest, the small problems were the ones that caused him most frustration. He couldn’t ask Peggy how he was meant to blow his nose at a restaurant with cloth napkins, it was too embarrassing. Asking Tony felt natural. Why was it so wrong for him to handle money now, and would he make a fool of himself if he pushed back against the equerries who now handled all of Steve’s purchases? If Germany took down swastikas and Nazi symbols, why does Spain still treat Franco’s bull as a national icon? Why do Japanese toilets play music? (Speaking of music: why is Eurovision so important? And who invited Australia?)
Bruce, mature man that he was, did his best not to respond or react. “How about we talk about more important things, Tony?” he decided for both of them in the moments of silence while Tony chewed. The waiter came around and refilled Tony’s coffee, and Tony was quick to ask for his check. “Like, where’s your luggage? We gotta go.”
He heard Steve set his plate down, too. Then, the boots came off, followed by the quiet but distinct sound of a shirt, jeans and a belt hitting the floor. Not a moment too soon, he felt the bed dip as Steve kneeled his way to the headboard.
“I confess, I dabble,” Bond murmured in a deep, sinful voice. He could have said anything in that voice and still sent shivers tickling down Tony’s spine.
Tony and Clint exchanged uncomfortable glances, and it wasn’t until Clint pointed out that he’d done all the physical work so far that Tony steeled himself and said, “That is not the legend we have heard,” he explained. “We… we were searching for the Last Chief. She who prophecy says will unite men with the tribes of Women and bring peace when she becomes the Great Chief. No binding ceremony required,” he finished awkwardly.
“Couldn’t feel better,” Steve lied with a grateful smile, not that he could help himself from playing along. “Unless you’re searching for a willing patient, in which case…”
Steve didn’t need much time to think over Paulette’s question. He knew his answer already, even if he also knew it wasn’t the right one.
“Paulette’s out for the month and Erin’s got a client coming in any minute,” the man explained as Steve sank into his seat and listened. He watched the man walking away for a moment before coming back with a dish of warm soapy water for Steve to dip his fingers into.
“Then may I change our topic of conversation?” Tony asked with patient words, doing his utmost not to rush Steve. When Steve agreed, he continued in the same way. “There is a well-known and documented connection between sex and violence, Steve Rogers. I am confident this was known in your time also. Not a causal effect, of course, but a shared state of general neurological arousal. Although this is highly irregular for a mentor to ask of his ward, your age deems it arguably appropriate, and after observing your vigorous intervention of the vexing vagrant menace, I find it impossible to resist my existing admiration for you to become sexual in nature. I do not know if I am the type of man to inspire the same condition in you, but if this is the case, would you like to have sex?”
Out of respect for their monarch, Tony was invited to go first. He hit the bullseye on his first attempt, then somehow buried his second arrow right beside the first. Even with the jubilant applause of the excited audience, Tony could still make out Steve’s sharp whistling and deep laughter. One glimpse at his husband, and it was so clear Steve was ready to burst with pride. Tony had scored a perfect twenty and made it look effortless, except… Bucky was no less adept in his marksmanship.
“You must search with compassion,” Clint gently pointed out. “How many men who have searched do you think have searched for her with genuine compassion?”
“People grow and change. That is life. But marriage is not about who is perfectly right, or who appeals to a list of preferences, it is about who brings out the best in you,” Tony said gently, all the while knowing Rhodey would be infinitely better with such a conversation. “There were many differences between myself and his Majesty, my husband, and I am grateful for all the ways he has changed my life. He challenges me every day, not with arguments or demands, but by simply being himself. His presence in my life has changed me, I could not be the man I was again. The changes are small at first, you understand; what suit or tie I will wear, or when we eat, for example. Over time, these changes grow, and for that, he has made my life richer and more beautiful than I ever imagined.”
“I know. I love you, too,” Steve promised him, and when he finally got Tony out of his clothes, he gently lifted Tony into his arms and carried him to the bathroom. He waited for Tony to toe at the water himself without sounding like he’d been scalded to lower Tony into the tub.
Tony helped nurses bring patients water and some of the hearty food made by the local people in Lumine. Many of those who did not have visitors were fast asleep, and Tony only peeked in long enough to assure himself that they slept peacefully. Eventually, he came to the makeshift room of a young man who was not only awake, but caught staring into the middle distance with unhappy and unseeing eyes. Given the events of the day, Tony didn’t think twice about it. He glanced at the clipboard at the foot of the bed that clearly indicated the patient’s name, allergies or relevant medical history, and language of preference, then cleared his throat to announce himself.
“But you caught me. Red-handed and too dumb to know better,” Clint added with an ironic but blatant pride. “I came back with Tony and dad after that. The rest is history.”
“Otto never wished to retire; his students kept him young for many years. Many of his students from old Terrini were very bright, and he often told me of their innovative solutions to problems children in Machtberg took for granted. He cared deeply for the Queen’s Exchange, and after his passing, I thought I might try it. My children are grown, and here I can do some good that would make Otto proud. I teach older students,” she explained with a smile, “they were too old for public schooling, but could do with foundational skills.”
“You just sit here, I’ll gear up, you’ll see, super safe. All good,” he promised, taking Steve’s free hand in his to press a kiss to the palm of his hand. He got up then, promised his brother it’d only be fine minutes, and led Dummy away to the stables.
Before Tony knew what happened, Steve’s fingers slipped from his sloppy, gaping hole and was immediately replaced by the familiar blunt head of a harvesting canister. He opened his eyes just in time to see that a small mechanical arm had been positioned beneath him to piston the canister up into his body, fucking the canister into him at an angle that directly targeted his prostate. But in difference to the slow, full-length drilling Steve preferred to fuck Tony with at home, this canister was programmed to fuck him quickly in short, shallow strokes.
“It’s a fucking miracle the bombs didn’t go off when they were removed,” Tony whispered. “Are you sure they’re bombs? They could be fake.”
Somehow, it worked. Tony backed off the porch and swung himself onto Dummy’s back with such ease that Steve’s mouth fell open at the sight.
“I know just the thing,” Jan promised, and as Steve grabbed his leather duffle and work bag, she got the hint and made to follow him out of the apartment. “I’ll send you two options today.”
“I don’t think the Chief would risk upsetting her future bride,” Stephanie muttered, but still she peered at Clint like she really, really hoped Talia had not lied to her. The potion took a little time to take effect, but once it started, the transformation was almost immediate. Clint lay whimpering in a heap on the floor, in too much pain to move yet, so it was Stephanie who helped get the long tunic over his head and his arms, tugging it down in place to at least maintain his modesty until he could put the pants on himself.
The most challenging part of his excursion was to convince Steve to join him. He had initially balked at the idea - flying with a private jet to Geneva, staying in a suite for well over five thousand a night, and then running away to some resort in the alps was too far out of Steve’s financial comfort zone. Tony finally had to reframe his question and tell Steve how uncomfortable these situations made him. Sure, he could put on a show better than anyone, but that didn’t mean the performance came easily. It was exhausting and isolating, and if Tony could come back to Steve at the end of the day, Steve would help him in ways money never could.
“I disagree, we’re clearly on to something,” he disagreed with a gleeful glint in his eyes. “I’m down for a demonstration—”
Steve glanced at the lopsided roll Rhodey had made and his face twitched with the effort not to laugh. “You got it, you’re really close,” he said in encouragement, not that anyone believed him. Lila was the first to laugh at her uncle, and even Natasha chuckled to herself at Rhodey’s impatient huff.
“If that is something you sincerely want to do with me,” he said in a measured voice, “if that is what it takes to get to know you, Tony, then yes, let’s do it. I will go with you to Oklahoma.”
As she reported his presence to H, Steve slid up to her desk and eased himself close enough that his thigh brushed against her forearm. The silken mohair fabric of his suit whispered over her bare skin, and Steve watched her smile and shiver involuntarily.
“For fuck’s sake, is nothing—” Steve stopped mid-sentence and turned to look for the buzzing morality box. After a brief pause, he excused himself politely and marched to the dutiful machine that had printed his most recent fine.
They fell into a easy, if a little stilted, exchange, and, forgotten, Steve started to relax. He peered at the two dogs that just wouldn’t give up on him, trying to push them away without being too obvious in his dislike for smelly, slobbery creatures, when he heard his name out of the blue.
Tony could feel his face warming. Whether Steve noticed or not, the devious edge in Steve’s expression faded into a genuine smile, and with a quiet confidence that seemed to come so naturally, Steve said, “Even billionaires could use puppy therapy, Tony.”
With those words, Tony closed his eyes. He hung his head and pinched the bridge of his nose, then let a slow breath out. “For the record,” he said calmly, the hopeful zeal of seconds earlier extinguished. “The game was up when you said you were a foster kid.”
Tony opened his eyes again to take in the creatures crowding around him. They stood much closer now, almost close enough to reach out and claw at Tony’s exposed thighs themselves, but this time Tony savored their sadistic pleasure. Their hunger was palpable, and knowing he was what they craved fed into his depraved fantasy. To them, he was only a body to be used, to be fucked and milked in turn as a source of temporary relief. They would take him all at once if they could, choking him with their cocks and tearing into his ass two or three at a time, heedless to anything but their own satisfaction.
“I know, I really don’t want to miss it! It’s such an exciting game; I’ll hurry—” Tony started to assure him, but Steve shook his head. He knew what he was supposed to do.
“You’re not? That's terrible form,” Thor rumbled, his frown evident in his voice. “How do you think he'll perform for you if you refuse the simplest act?”
After far too long, Steve took a shower at his own place - in his steam shower, with his products, with his glorious water pressure. He put on clothes with firm seams that button. Months of immobility and recovery meant his tailored clothes fit loosely on him, and demoralizing as that was, it happened too frequently for him to worry. It was only a matter of time and determination before he was himself again, and if there is anything Steve Rogers had in abundance, it was determination.
Through the haze of confusion and mild alarm, Tony felt Steve’s familiar touch brush over his puffy, exposed hole. The slick lubricant felt wonderful with the added warmth of Steve’s fingers, but after the abuse he’d taken for hours on end, even the gentle prodding of two fingers left Tony hissing with discomfort. His hole opened easily now, stretched repeatedly and persistently by overeager students, but his body was sore, fucked raw after numerous harvests.
Thankfully the vest had been lost quickly that day (or sent back to the palace while Steve wasn’t looking). By the next year, Tony conceded to Steve’s one day of traditional wear and left his suit at home. He didn’t go as far as the traditional German suspenders, but stuck to a silk vest with red and gold embroidery that matched the detailing of his lederhosen. Grudgingly, he later admitted that the leather had been more comfortable than his suits, and Steve gleefully kissed him silly for his promise to do it again in years to come.
With nothing better to do at ten o’clock at night, Tony decided to get this sent out and hit the hay. He edited a copy of the video down to seconds before his orgasm took him. He saved the full length video for himself, but Steve could suffer the cliffhanger if he wasn’t going to play along.
“Tell me about where we’re going?” Steve asked after a little while. Tony blinked up at him, unsure if he’d heard right. Steve hadn’t expressed much excitement over the more extravagant leg of their trip, and to hear him curious about it eased a knot of tension Tony that had been carrying with him since Steve first turned down the trip.
These creatures drooled over the smell of him; they wanted to hear him weep with pleasure, and with pain. It would satisfy Steve for them to want him, and Steve would keep him safe.
Tony pitched his voice low and leaned in with a suggestive smirk. “Would you like me to put it on for you?”
“I can’t thank you enough,” Tony confessed as they started moving. Marple seemed determined about their direction, running ahead a short distance then coming back to check on them before repeating the process. They followed without questioning it, because the last thing Tony needed to do was figure out where he was in relation to his house.
“You were the one who volunteered to pay,” Steve reminded him, and Tony squeezed his hand in return. “Will you allow me?”
“You’re not attractive to me,” Steve told her with a snarl, and he squeezed Tony’s hand so Tony wouldn’t leave him with her. “I don’t like you.”
“I don’t know if you’re interested, but Barton, Barnes, and Carter went out dancing. They said to send you their way once you got in,” Tony said easily, finally coming to a stop and facing the door to Steve’s suite. “They’re expecting your text.”
A young receptionist was currently cuddling a lapful of Seamus and, by the looks of it, he was venting his day’s frustrations on the little dog. Seamus couldn’t have been happier. Steve’s whole expression warmed with a smile when he noticed Tony approaching through the scattered crowd.
“Don’t you own an umbrella?” he complained while taking the take-out bags out of Tony’s hands, and before Tony knew what had happened, he’d been divested of his jacket, his scarf, and his sweater that was sopping wet at the sleeves.
With enough insistence from his mom who didn’t want him to depend on his looks as a career, he grudgingly prioritized an education over photoshoots and runways. NYU wasn’t a cheap school, but once he got there, everything seemed to fall into place. His schedule was flexible enough and New York offered enough local work opportunities that he could model and study at the same time; he had time for his friends, time for his mom, and best of all, thanks to one fateful campus event, he’d found the man of his dreams.
On one hand, Tony wanted to applaud how unbothered they all were to continue the same conversation with same-sex relationships. On the other hand, he really wished Steve had been there to clench his jaw of moral high ground at them for assuming Tony was as philandering and sleazy as they were.
When she pulled up to park at the house, Steve was out of the car like a shot. He didn’t kiss the ground, per se, but he took a moment to quietly thank whoever had been watching over them.
“Eighty-five percent,” Steve said with a proud smile, and he sealed the canister to let it roll off somewhere safe in their nest. “You’re a marvel, Tony, you’re getting better every day.”
Instead, Tony pushed himself up and out of bed. It was the crack of dawn, and he had work to do before he risked Steve waking up.
“No, no, it’s,” she started to say, then cleared her throat. When she spoke again, it was with  direct honesty, getting right to the point the way Steve preferred. “It’s not, boss. Last May I tried it the way you drink it, and it’s surprisingly good, and—”
On instinct, Tony sat up and knocked on Stephen’s wooden desk. The last thing he needed was the evil eye after him.
Tony bit into his lip in his effort not to grin too broadly, but he couldn’t resist giving Steve’s thigh a playful pinch. “You think you know so much,” he teased, soothing Steve’s skin by slowly rubbing the heel of his palm over the spot he pinched. Then, with a quieter tone, he explained. “I’ve been in the rodeo all my life. Competed all my life. Barrel racing, bull riding. Broncos. My last trip to the hospital,” he said with a slight grimace, trying to find the words in vain. In the end, he shrugged it off and cut his losses. “Forget it—long story less long, I didn’t really need another trip to the hospital, courtesy of the Not-So-Gentle Giant.”
Tony hummed down the line, and Steve could just imagine him smiling. He always liked to imagine Tony smiling. “Are you still thinking about living with your mom?”
If Tony only knew the consuming excitement he stoked in Steve every time he spoke Cimbri. Steve made it about a third of the way into the video before he had to stop. He had been away from Tony for too long, and the temptation to take matters into his own hands nearly overwhelmed him now.
He could no longer make out the words Tony said, but he could hear the affection in his deep, honeyed voice, but then he pulled the vibrator out just a fraction to begin thrusting into Steve’s body, shallow and unhurried, and it was all Steve needed. His hips shot forward involuntarily, pumping wildly as he came, painting the bedsheets with his come.
Natasha raised a brow and gave Tony a curious look. “He gives to charity and arranges benefits for the most important social causes of our time. You think a man like that is going to turn around and do horrible crimes?”
“Uh,” Tony stalled for a moment before excusing himself from something Steve couldn’t hear. Tony’s attention was back to Steve in the next moment. “It could be really bad, Steve. Do you have the packages?”
“You have no right looking this fucking good in a piece of wool,” Tony murmured as he smoothed his hands down Steve’s flanks and up his back. “Anyone pinched you yet? Tried to unfasten the pin? Asked you what’s worn under the kilt?”
Steve glanced at Tony for a second, as if unsure if there would be more words in this introduction. “Nice to meet you, too,” he replied to Jane with a close-lipped smile and shook her hand.
Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s neck, then nuzzled into his hair for a moment to breathe Tony’s scent in deeply. His knees almost buckled for the faint woodsy, citrusy smell of him that Steve could have recognized anywhere, and he stood there, indulging in the miracle of having Tony in his arms again and finding his calm in slow, deep breaths.
But something about Bond’s unexpectedly gentle approach, the soft, loving words he kissed into his lover’s body, and his deep, husky groans made it so easy - so
“You’re an editor. You can’t hear the difference?” Tony asked, and as angry as he was, there was a pitying weight to his words. “There is a difference between ‘give me another chance,’ and ‘could you give me another chance.’”
With his heart lodged in his throat, Tony stared back, unblinking, as Steve grinned at him and winked.
Steve bit down on his lip to keep from grinning with his embarrassing abundance of excitement, and quickly hopped off his stool to follow Tony’s lead.
With a loose grip of Tony’s cock, Steve rolled his hips against Tony’s ass again ever so slowly, letting him feel every inch of his hard cock through their layers of clothing. Tony’s breath escaped him in a stuttering moan, and with barely enough blood left for coordination, he clumsily shuffled his knees closer to the ledge so he could push his ass up for Steve in shameless offering.
“Wait. Wait one moment, Tony Stark, sir,” she finally said with a noticeable tremor of fear in her voice. “My father, Raymond Foster—he, he told me—these are only characters, are they not? Fictional characters? If you say the legendary Captain America is a real man, then so must—so must Crossbones, but that cannot be: such evil cannot be. Sir, how could you suggest that a mortal man would live so long?”
After leaving his warm bed and Tony’s attentive care, Steve had managed to disarm four of the twelve clocks. It had taken hours, and while the others were still on the move, Steve returned what he could to Q in the hopes of using it to locate Scorpius. Even he knew that he had no chance of stopping twelve bombs from going off at the same time, but maybe the electric detonators could help him find the man behind the threat before anything happened.
“No,” Tony whimpered when Steve sat him down in his own lap, where Tony could already feel Steve’s erection hard in his trousers. “No, wait—no more. Please—they’re too many.”
Steve rolled his eyes and handed him the envelope. “That package isn’t ready until after dinner, I’m starving. I swear, if Levinson had to do half of the hypos he assigned us, he would cry.”
“With all due respect,” she said in a palpably disrespectful tone of voice, “you have been out to the whole department ever since Rumlow announced that you, quote, ‘needed some pussy’ to lighten up.”
“Tony! Tony, please,” Steve choked out past the lump in his throat that seemed to know better. “Please, I’m sorry, it has—that is out of context, please.”
Tony blinked at his phone, then slowly turned around. Sure enough, the blond he had run into earlier was still standing two or three yards away, his own phone to his ear, and he was watching Tony with an air of self-satisfied mischief.
“There’s nothing wrong with my clothes,” Steve told them, a touch peevish, though he was more irritated by the cryptic look of understanding that passed between his ex and his partner (and blatantly excluded him).
Suddenly, this was all wrong. There was nothing organic or romantic about any of this, nothing special or worth remembering. Was this how he was going to declare his affections to Tony, in socked feet in some random hotel on a promotional tour for their movie? They were hanging out as good friends, eating lunch and watching TV.
“Honestly, I’m ready to get out into the world again,” Steve interrupted with a wry smile. “Want to go together? Bank, lunch, groceries?”
“Al and Pedro said something about hogs out east again,” Clint said simply while he double checked his rifle and gear a last time. “They’re getting too close to the cattle, and dad wants me to check it out.”
Stephanie red lips curled into a bashful smile, and a faint blush of color rose in her cheeks. “Of course. Is, um… is that bad? Do you not like eggs?”
Something vital in Tony’s processor collapsed, and he gazed up at Steve in awed silence until his tongue came back online. Steve capitalized on the moment and cupped Tony’s face gently in his hands, leaned in closer, and kissed life back into Tony’s slack lips.
All Steve had to do now was resist the urge to reach out for the warm comfort of another body. He took slow, even breaths, and pretended to be at peace.
“First of all, none of your business: I don’t kiss and tell,” Tony told her, scandalized by the mere suggestion that he’d ever share such information.
“That prototype has enough power to light up a city block for a month,” Tony whispered in an excited rush, leaning in closer in a way that made Steve’s heart ache with the memory of their time together. “It’s the only one I brought with me, everything else is back in Geneva. Steve, this is it,” Tony confided in him with a smile so bright, and so warm with passion, that it could sustain Steve’s heart for a month.
“They don’t last as long as American soap operas, that novela lasted thirteen months,” Tony said as if he hadn’t just been mauled and rescued from a three pound puppy. “But I was only 17 when I was introduced on that show, it was my first professional role.”
Tony snickered vindictively from his comfortable sprawl in a nearby armchair. “That’s why they pay you the big bucks,” he pointed out before taking a big, ravenous bite of his juicy cheeseburger. Ketchup and mayonnaise spilled out over his fingers, and as he chewed his first bite, Tony closed his eyes and dramatically moaned his delight.
When Steve’s hands squeezed into Tony’s jeans and squeezed his cheeks in large, greedy palmfuls, Tony stuttered forward against Steve’s chest with a gasp of surprise. Steve hadn’t fucked him since Tony moved, but the way he spread Tony’s ass and pulled at his hole with his strong fingers, it was clear Steve knew him well enough to guess Tony’s treasure chest had come into heavy rotation in their week apart.
Steve set his jaw and tried to shrug it all off - his sudden irritation with Tony, the unexpected interruption to his day. This was meant to be celebrated with his friends and family, the people closest to him. The people Steve could count on.
She answered their questions, offering as many details as she could remember. She was polite, she was soft spoken, and by the time their two hour meeting was up, Steve wanted nothing more than to win this case for her. He was dying to get out of that office and call his own ma and thank her for everything she had done as a single mother to give him every chance she could, so when Natasha dismissed the team and told them when to be in court on Friday, Steve was packed up and out of the office like a shot.
“You sure you’re alright?” Steve asked before Tony had to say anything. “We can tell them you caught something on the flight, or maybe something with your food, whatever, if you need to sleep.”
“Are two fingers too easy for you, sweetheart?” Steve murmured in praise, withdrawing his fingers slowly to pour out more lube on his fingers, getting them well slick before fucking three fingers into him.
Steve watched him, struggling to keep up with the sudden left turn this conversation had taken. But, if he was sticking this out, if he was going to convince Tony to marry him by the end of the week, what choice did he have?
“Why did we agree to such a rushed affair! You have no change of clothes in your possession,” Tony vented out loud while pacing the length of his office. Steve wasn’t entirely sure what he meant, but Tony had been bent out of shape since the incident with Pierce. Either way, it gave Steve time to work. While Tony muttered to himself and conferred with the computer about several ‘necessary commodities,’ as he called it, Steve took over Tony’s computer terminal. There his body could finish healing while he studied different maps of the city and worked backwards to trace Rumlow’s movement so far.
“You are my friend and steadfast mentor, Lieutenant Tony Stark,” Jane replied without hesitation. “On this occasion that I may help you in return, I gladly accept. Captain Steven G. Rogers,” she said as she stepped up to the desk where Steve was working. “If you do not require food or use of lavatories, I request that we depart at once. We have much to accomplish and little time to do so.”
“We’re not married, but Steve’s my only partner. We’ve been together for five years,” Tony had said while swallowing down as much of his vitriolic contempt as he could stomach. “Even if I wanted to, he doesn’t leave me with enough energy to entertain another man.”
With his fingers spreading Tony’s hole, Tony heard Steve address the audience for the first time. He changed his grip so he was spreading Tony’s hole with both hands, squeezing four fingers into him and pulling him open for the audience to see. Tony bit down on the cushions to muffle his breathless sobs, counting backwards from fifty to himself to distract himself as much as he could while Steve talked. Finally, Steve eased his grip and with only two fingers, he pressed in until he grazed over Tony’s prostate. Tony's body jerked involuntarily, and with only a few minor strokes, Steve had him mewling and arching his back in pleasure again. The change from his clear discomfort seconds ago to his visceral enjoyment left his audience moaning softly in awe, and they applauded how quickly Steve had turned Tony’s whimpers of pain into needful panting.
“Stone-faced ice queen who’s way out of your league? Yeah,” Steve replied dubiously. “What about her?”
“Are you,” Tony whispered in a slow, gentle tone, “are you in the hospital? Is—Steve, are you—grunt once if you’re alive.”
“The next time you go to Alaska, I’m coming with you. I’m glad you’re home, but that’s too far for you to come home the same day.”
“Oh,” Tony managed, as astute as ever. Even better: high-pay, high-status gorgeous man who didn’t even bend over to the stress and crazy work hours doctors had to deal with. He was probably already married to some equally stunning trophy wife who spent all her time with personal trainers at Equinox or eating sashimi for breakfast or swimming in lemon peels to maintain her glossy
“She’s really pretty,” he said instead, miserable in his honesty. It hurt to hear the words said out loud and know they were true. “She could use better make up, like better contouring and if she isn’t using YSL mascara she needs to, but she’s naturally very beautiful.”
After all these years, the question almost made Steve laugh. “Sweetheart, they’re straight. There’s a whole precedence for marriage in order to have families. You can’t compare us to them. Marriage vows didn’t stop my dad from leaving,” he said as casually as he’d ever managed those words before. “The law won’t make a relationship more or less serious. Honest communication does that, and you’ve never missed a step. I don’t need more than that.”
He couldn’t have predicted that mountain of a man, or how aggressive he was, but he shouldn’t have discounted the possibility. And Steve—irritated, but dutiful Steve—who clearly was as unhappy with Tony’s behavior as the violent giant, had still gotten up to defend him.
“Not really, not all of them,” Steve answered with a shrug. “We were four guys and five, sometimes six girls? It wasn’t always the same people. We didn’t do anything serious, we just had dumb fun passing lazy days when we had nothing better to do. It’s not that difficult watching goats grazing.”
The only difference was that this time around he was glad to be free of them. Even the thought of cheating on Steve made him sick to his stomach - Steve who loved him fiercely and fearlessly, Steve who would do anything for him if Tony only asked. Any attempt to spend time with such heartless lunatics was an insult to his man and his relationship, and Tony counted himself lucky to be free of their toxic lifestyles.
When strong hands guided Tony’s legs further apart, he was still so loose and relaxed from his orgasm that he barely noticed the stretch. He was starting to breathe through the pleasure and mounting pressure of his second orgasm when Steve loosely closed his hand around the shaft of Tony’s half-hard cock to give it a few slow, easy strokes while he pumped his fingers smoothly in and out of him to gradually ease his fingers out, one at a time. Tony thrust up into Steve’s loose, dry fist, and still high on the pleasure and satisfaction of fucking Steve’s fist while Steve finger fucked him, he barely noticed how two fingers turned to one, turned to none.
The doors slid open just in time, and before Steve could finish his sentence, Tony shouted a “thank you London, bye!” and hauled his co-star off the train to laughing applause and one excitable soul who waved madly after them and shouted
In an effort to minimize collateral damage, Steve instructed Bruce and Tony to help direct all patrons a safe distance away from the building. Armed only with a stun baton and a whistle, Steve went in after Rumlow alone. After all, the serum made him stronger and faster - even with a scattered collection of weapons, Rumlow would be an easy match without Hydra at his back.
“What, I can’t have ideas?” the man asked. “It’s a sure hit, dude. You could pee on the whole city from there.”
He left with a volunteering brochure and a lighter heart. A basket of muffins wouldn’t change the world; it might not even change the night. But already Steve could feel his priorities shifting with his cleared up perspective on the world around him. This whole mission to get Brock back was getting out of hand, and Steve needed to get him away from the toxic people always surrounding him so they could talk alone.
“Really should have gotten my phone,” Tony murmured as they watched Sharon slide the ring on Sam’s finger. He felt Steve’s smile stretched into a big grin.
He opened the door to the men’s restroom in the lobby and let himself in. It still smelled like lemons from the morning’s first cleaning, and it was surprisingly nicely decorated with a firm leather couch, rolled hand towels instead of paper towels, and an assortment of colognes, sunscreens, and mouthwashes to choose from for anyone who presumably didn’t carry their own.
Steve would be bracketed between Tony's thighs, with Tony's body curled up into Steve, both tangled together. It wouldn't take long for Steve to dig into the nightstand behind Tony for the lube he kept there, sometimes for company, sometimes for his own hand. And with Tony's thighs spread, his hips canted up on Steve's knees, for all intents and purposes offered up to him, Steve could get a hand between them and press two, three lubed fingers into him. And even with last night’s multiple rounds it was still a tight stretch, a burn with the pleasure. But Steve would waste little time pushing right in, swallowing Tony's moaned whimper in a kiss. Show Tony how much he cared this time, kissing him thoroughly, cradling him close, protecting him from the world with his body, rocking into him with slow, rolling hips, luxuriating in him right there on the floor in a little cranny cramped together in a tiny space between the wall and the nightstand, with Tony's back pressed against nightstand, Steve rocking the furniture with every thrust. Steve would have his full attention on taking care of Tony, on pushing him past his fear of losing Steve, or seeing him hurt.
Tony had given her a half-smile and moved on without a reply. Questions echoed in his wake wherever he went, growing louder if he stopped for pictures with some event organizers and old friends, but he didn’t answer any of them with more than a smile. The faster he made it through the press, the faster he’d meet up with Steve inside the event center.
“Would that I could bear those memories for you,” was all Steve could say. “You are not alone anymore.”
Bucky frowned down at the papers put in front of him, clicking his pen impatiently as he read. His lips twisted in a wry grimace as he compared the different excerpts, and Steve inwardly sighed at the sight. Bucky didn’t read these books, he couldn’t be expected to find the finer details in Tony’s writing so quickly.
With a look he hoped said, ‘stay here,’ Steve left Maria in the shadows and hurried up to Phil, feigning breathless excitement.
The thing was, Tony always paid. People who weren’t Rhodey never paid for Tony. More often than not, people only stayed as long as he paid.
“I want to fuck you, Tony,” Steve said softly against Tony’s lips, a touch more seriously than before. “But if you’re tired, if you’re sore—”
Steve blinked up at the ceiling where, sure enough, the lamp over Tony’s dining table was plugged into a convenient outlet only inches from the hook. He didn’t know where Tony kept his tools, but it didn’t matter anymore. He walked around the table, picked up a candle stick on the way, and punched out the outlet with a single blow.
“I have signed agreements from every single partner featured in my books, improvised or otherwise. I’m not here to blindside people for the sake of one page, detective.”
Tony laughed and inched forward to adjust Naser’s estimation. “Oh wow, so close!” he said in praise, gently guiding Naser’s hands together until it was a little less than two feet apart. “About, that. Eighteen to twenty inches. But that’s not so long, right? When you think about how long their necks are?”
Don't try to act all innocent and sweet, cause you know exactly what it is you do to me (when you tell me how you like the fic!)
“A hundred percent?” Sam whistled to himself when Steve sat the canister down on the side table. “On all hormones? Man, that’s why you’re in the lead.”
“I don’t know,” Bucky promised, speaking as calmly as he could manage. “Steve, he could be in a different bathroom of the palace for all we know: their foyer is three times the size of this apartment—”
“Two years ago, I fell in love with you in a way I didn’t think was possible. Every day, you show me new reasons to love you more. But you’ve only just started your career and I don’t want to rush you,” Steve acknowledged, doing his best to be clear with his words even as his voice trembled. “You don’t have to answer today; you don’t have to answer ten years from now. This is just me telling you that I’m never better or happier than when I am with you, Tony. You’re my best friend, there’s nobody whose opinion or trust I value more, and I want to build a life with you.”
“It’s every man for himself,” Tony answered simply. “You brought it on yourself. Once they catch you, you can’t run
“You’re right,” he said after taking a moment to quiet his initial reaction. “I’ll get my phone and answer her. Don’t wait for me,” he added, pushing Tony’s plate closer before going to do what he said. “Eat while it’s warm.”
The more he thought about it, the more he felt keeping such delicate secrets to himself seemed the better option.
“Patrol officer found another body this morning. It’s recent, TOD less than two hours ago,” Bucky explained over the phone. “Tony’s been arrested, Steve. He was found on the scene, victim’s blood all over him.”
“I advise you not to speak ill of dining in Taco Bell when we are in public, Captain Steven G. Rogers. Tony has made me aware of what Taco Bell was in your time, but much has changed since then. Most of us will never have the chance to dine at Taco Bell in our lifetimes.”
“I thought I heard your voice,” Tony said as if recalling some wistful dream with an exaggerated air of nostalgia. “I couldn’t hear what you were saying, but I could tell that you missed me. So, naturally, I took the day, hopped in my car, and drove all the way to Brooklyn to surprise you and the kids.”
Steve glowered at Bucky for his unsolicited judgment, and unlocked his safe again. Again Bucky pushed the door shut before Steve could get his hands on a gun or a rifle.
Unaware of Steve’s state, Tony continued his exploration, sucking big, wet kisses down the cording muscle of Steve’s neck, and licking out the hollowed notch between his collarbones. Steve shuddered under him, earning himself soft words of praise, until Tony reached his chest.
Steve grinned and shook his head. “We are making struffoli,” he corrected with a playful note in his voice, “it’s not Christmas if only one of us works.”
“Then, I guess you got yourself a deal, Sparky,” he said instead, smiling at his hero with warm affection. He smoothed his hand up Steve’s flank, trying to coax him back down to sleep. “I’ll protect you from the bears, if you protect me from the giants.”
“I deserve that,” Sharon admitted ruefully. “There’s no excuse, really. I apologize for how I treated you, Steve. You can say I had a bad source of information about you, someone I shouldn’t have trusted as much as I did. But anyone who’s spent time with you only has good things to say—especially Phil. I don’t know what magic you worked there, but he’s probably your biggest fan, bar none.”
Steve rolled onto his side and pulled the covers up over his shoulder. The holoprojection from his phone brought Tony close enough to touch, as if his sleepy face was nuzzling into the unoccupied pillow beside Steve’s. They hadn’t been apart in over a year, and already two nights on his own felt like a chore. What he wouldn’t give to be back in their shared bed already.
“It’s very… is that supposed to be me?” Steve finally had to ask, gesturing at the chiseled cheekbones and decorative stars and stripes.
He divided the ball into fifths, giving one to each of them. All they had to do was roll them into long, 1-2 centimeter thick ropes. It sounded easy, and Bucky even made it look easy, but for the rest of them it was mostly a failure. Natasha tried to do all her dough at first and made an uneven rope, while Tony got a little too carried away in thinking he could work the dough like clay.
“I work in Lumine, my family is from Viole. It is a village not so far from here,” he explained, and Tony took a seat to listen. “My mother could not come, and my girlfriend wanted to come see me, but I told her to stay in Viole. I do not want for her to see me… like this,” he finished half-heartedly, gesturing at his face and upper body. Orfeo had clearly been thrown by the blast, and while his injuries were not severe or life threatening, he had many bruises and a number of minor stitches.
Professor Stromwell continued looking down her nose at him in silence until she held up the clipboard of seat assignments again and called on, “Sharon Carter.”
If anyone else had spoken, or an hour had gone by, Tony didn’t notice. All that existed was Colin Farrell and his gorgeous, Irish voice. “…say that last part again,” Tony purred, “but slower.”
Before their exams, Dr. Siharulidze would leave a graduate student in charge of observing the classroom for certain hours after class for those undergrads who needed the space to work on their final projects. Sharon was bringing out her pens, and Steve guessed she’d chosen to do one of the parts of her midterm project in ink. It wasn’t his favorite, but then again, if he was as good as her with the ink, maybe he would have liked it more.
“It’s a truck, we’re out in the plains: you don’t need roads,” Tony pointed out with a playful tone, and when Steve straightened to look at him, he found Tony standing directly in front of him, already reaching to undo the buttons of Steve’s shirt.
“Latch’s broken,” Tony told him when he realized what Steve had meant. Steve frowned at his words and shied away from the window, sitting back on the mattress.
Steve grinned down at him, and cupped his face gently before kissing him chastely on the lips. Even without the taste of his tongue or the undeniable effect of his saliva, Steve caught just enough of his aphrodisiac from his smiling lips to feel a physical reaction.
“Bruce compared the samples a dozen times to be sure. So did I,” Tony said, finally handing Steve the file he’d brought. There were long reports with words and tests that Steve had never seen before, but the charts were clear enough: his cells were aging.
“Have you looked?” Sharon asked like she knew the answer already, and Steve’s dubious shrug only confirmed her initial suspicion. “Exactly, so how can you be sure?”
getting married in fucking Jersey,” Tony rumbled against him, until finally he had enough. He grabbed Steve by the hair and hauled him in for a kiss, deep, hungry, and possessive.
“There’s a theater in my neighborhood that is hosting a week-long tribute to the best of Michael Keaton,” Steve replied in a perfectly normal, steady voice. “They’re showing Batman Returns and the Night Shift tonight.”
“You say that like I’m the only one making poor life choices…” Tony whined mulishly. “Meanwhile, who was shamelessly flirting with 002 in her own office on Monday? Hm?”
A glum looking young man stood in the CompuKiosk he wanted when he finally got back around to what he was after.
“Wherever she is, I pray she overlooks the pies and is comforted to know there is nothing I wouldn’t do to protect her son,” he told Tony. “There’s nothing I wouldn’t do to make you happy.”
It took him a minute to catch up. He pushed the covers off his face and stared up at his roommate. “Saw what?”
“There was that one week after Calgary where you couldn’t talk right,” Pepper remembered, a bittersweet smile on her face. “He was out of school for two weeks, so Clint would go to his classes and take notes for him. And nobody asked why he was there, this kid four years younger than the rest of us, but—”
Time hadn’t diminished Steve’s dedicated enthusiasm. Even now, after a year and with nothing left to prove, Steve wasted no time pulling Tony’s cock out of his sweats, guiding Tony’s legs over his shoulders, and swallowing his cock down with the hunger of a starving man.
“Very,” Steve said with a frown, though as Tony started to get a clearer picture of his surroundings, he realized Steve wasn’t actually moving to exit the stretch car.
“Like this?” Steve heard himself ask. It was supposed to be organic and romantic; that was the whole point of the plan!
Steve grunted once, then shoved himself up on his hands and knees. He couldn’t quite make it to his feet, but when he dropped on his ass at least he was sitting upright in his bed. That was one step closer to being awake.
“He knows, and he doesn’t like it,” James said with the patience of a man who had clearly been through the ringer a few times. “Later, he told me his mom had taken him on a tour of the company where he met and talked with other scientists, and later explained to him that all those scientists Tony liked would lose their jobs if investors left. It wasn’t their fault investors were racist, it was just a fact. He was sixteen. He didn’t talk to me for weeks, until he got back to MIT.”
“Captain America?” Bruce repeated slowly, frowning to himself as he tried to recall the old wives' tale. “You glorify that short-sighted, homicidal neanderthal? He was a brute who disobeyed lawful regulation in order to cause great violence and property damage. Tony Stark, some historians even say Captain America...” he abruptly lowered his voice, scandalized by the words he felt compelled to say. “They say he extinguished
The rush of panic and pain left Tony whimpering and dizzy with fear. Unlike the females, his nipples did not produce anything worth harvesting for sale, so what was it to them if one accidentally came off? What incentive did they have to be careful? His cock twitched in an involuntary response to the sudden spike of adrenaline, and that finally gave the masters pause. They stepped back and murmured with excitement, staring now at the one feature their pets didn’t have.
Laughing, Steve nuzzled into Tony’s smooth cheek down to his meticulous beard, but he pulled back before giving in to those soft, tempting lips. “Impressed enough to say yes?”
“There is no misunderstanding, Stark!” Steve snapped at him without breaking his stride. “I’ve had it with enhancing my calm! I’m going to find Rumlow and enhance his calm instead.”
But for so long, Pierce had insisted that cleanliness was crucial to their survival. Cleanliness, vigilant hygiene practices, and strictly monitored exchange of body fluids had rescued their entire civilization from the brink of collapse. Engaging in a practice as unclean and questionable as willfully entering the sewers could disqualify Tony from gold status. More importantly, it could permanently disqualify Bruce from his license to conceive.
“What about her?” he suggested, a little louder than necessary while pointing at a nearby girl who was having a great time dancing with her friends. “She looks like a free spirit.”
“The guy’s been writing erotica for two decades, Steve. Unless you’ve memorized all of them, how can you be so sure?”
“He needs all the help he can get,” Bucky reasoned. “Sam might be Steve’s partner, but I’m his best friend. So, here’s what you do, Stark: you order take-out from a really nice place and you throw it in a pot, then act like you cooked it.”
“So, get this,” Bucky announced his return with a little more pep than usual. “Ex-wife, Carol? Turns out she’s got a son: Richard Kline. Moved to New York and worked as a nurse, got fired last month when he started becoming violent and unpredictable.”
“You look great, Tony. It’s good to see you,” he managed in the end, like a coward. But Tony still turned to smile at him.
With a wet, gurgling cry, Tony’s body seized with the sudden force of his orgasm. His hips stuttered against the counter helplessly as his trapped cock painted his bare chest with his own come. Steve’s filthy tongue silenced with a heavy groan of pleasure, and he bore down on Tony, fucking Tony through his orgasm for the pleasure of thrusting against the tight clutch of his convulsing muscles, until he buried himself deep in Tony’s ass and came hard. He continued fucking Tony’s ass through his own orgasm, until he was powerless to do anything but let Tony’s recovering body milk his softening cock.
As the rest of them got settled and started typing up notes ahead of the meeting, Steve looked up and caught Natasha looking his way. Her lips curved up in a pleased smile as if to say she was glad to see him there.
“Good evening, detective,” Tony said softly, his voice so gentle that Steve still had to cover his other ear to hear him clearly. “Is this a good time?”
Steve grunted under his breath, but he didn’t stop working until he stood up and threw the manhole cover aside. Lights came on automatically to illuminate the ladder built into the wall of the tunnel leading down to the sewer system.
At ten past seven, there was a knock on his front door. Steve startled, staring at his door in shock, then immediately looked around his apartment to make a plan. He rushed to the remote, turned the TV on in the kitchen and set it to mute, then changed the channel to the Discovery channel. As a final touch, he ran to the kitchen and grabbed up a mug to pour himself some old, cold coffee into so he wouldn’t open the door empty handed.
Steve reminded himself that there was nothing inherently wrong about spending a Sunday afternoon having dinner at a high-end oyster bar with a beautiful woman. He reminded himself that Tony was under no obligation to tell him about every detail in his life.
While the crowd watched as the archery winner got his award, Tony glanced at Steve with a meaningful look. Steve in turn looked at Natasha.
“There is no cause for concern, Steve Rogers. Bones heal, but lives can never be returned. You are my ward and I stand beside you in this cornucopia of fisting.”
Steve hid his face in his hands and dissolved into giggles well before Bucky put two and two together and groaned in his disappointment.
“Ookay, I think that’s enough, I’ll take that,” he heard Tony say as he phone exchanged hands. “Hey, babe? You’re wanted by Nina again, something about fixing your make-up.”
Maybe Tony would be more than a romance; maybe there were other people in Steve’s life who would come to love his passion, his generosity, his kindness.
Tony had half a mind to tell Steve that it was the five different species of scorpions and the seven venomous snakes he should be worried about. Or, if size was the terror factor, the 200 pound boars who could run as fast as a horse and were particularly territorial this time of year should be at the top of his list, not the friendly little black bears.
A part of Steve wanted to point out that a ditch is the last place to put any vehicle, but kept it to himself and threw the car in reverse to do as Tony said.
“He doesn’t sound that great,” Erin announced with palpable distaste for whoever this ‘Tony Stark’ character was. “What crackerjack wouldn’t climb every rooftop to shout at the world about how lucky he is to be with you?”
Tony looked anything but reassured by the doctor’s suggestion, and stared openly at him for some time instead of answering the question.
“Give me,” he ordered as much as he offered, taking Tony’s jacket and his big rolling suitcase from him and effortlessly jogging them up the stairs. Clearly, the man felt neither pain nor cold, and if he hadn’t been so eager to feel his own skin again, Tony would’ve been too shocked to move. As it was, Tony hurried after Steve and shut the door behind them.
The accusation came two-fold when she leveled a pointed look at Tony, who only responded by scooting another couple sausages onto his plate.
“Steve, honey, slow down for a minute,” Sarah raised her voice to interrupt his unraveling line of thinking. “First of all, exercise is good for you, and his sleep is good for him. You will find a solution where you can do both. But honey, nobody is perfect, and nobody ever will be. You just have to find the right solution. Do you know how long it took me to train your father to eat a vegetable? He ate five things when I first met him: chicken, potatoes, milk, peanut butter, and sourdough bread.”
But what if Tony was just being polite? “I love you,” he reminded Tony and pushed all his cotton candy at him.
“Yeah, sure. You need any wrapping paper?” Steve agreed easily, and when Bucky nodded, he walked out to his little laundry room where he kept all the odds and ends that were important but didn’t belong anywhere else. He brought out a handful of colorful rolls and bows, scissors and tape, and helped Bucky set up in the living room.
“Yes, we are, computer,” Tony disagreed with a frown. “Computer, are you coming down with a virus again?”
“I didn’t know he was gay,” Jane admitted, audibly miffed. Before Tony had any reason to feel jealous or angry at her for wanting to hog all the beefy blonds, she quickly clarified, “if I’d known, I’d gotten you his number months ago. But I’m glad you met him!” she added with a bright smile, both relieved and excited. “Was he nice?”
,” Tony croaked, feeling his soul crumbling under the weight of the words. The committee wouldn’t pass him if he just got up there with a robot and monologued like some benevolent Bond villain. Proof, he needed to show them
Steve knew from studying the history of the kingdom that before King Howard’s exceptional intelligence and advanced weapons technology Machtberg had been a simple country of miners. They were a small enough country that the wealth of the mountain had been considerable in its time, but there were many facts he knew without truly understanding.
“I have? Yes—yes, uh, I have, he’s—he’s kind, and, and dreamy,” she replied slowly, managing to meet Hill and Fury’s scrutiny with a steady gaze. “I’ve been helping Steve with his bachelor party; I can show you my calendar, if you need dates. I don’t know what Jim’s doing, but Steve—Steve doing a historic tour of Brooklyn, and—”
“Is this not too fast for you?” Tony wondered, searching Steve’s eyes for an explanation. “You won’t get tired of me three days in a row?”
The clear vulgarity in Bucky’s look stopped Steve long enough to side-eye Bucky into relative silence before they walked into Carter’s office. The last thing they needed now was to offend their captain.
“Your clothing will have to be tailor made because our clothing is not made for your, uh,” she frowned a little as she tried to think of a polite way to explain herself. “Your volume, Captain. Your dimensions are unusual; you are not overweight, simply excessively… muscular,” she finished diplomatically.
His experience with Steve’s nightmares made Tony responsive to the smallest changes between them, so Steve already knew something serious had happened when he had to shake Tony awake one morning. It was an otherwise forgettable spring morning, with heavy gray clouds weighing over the city and rain tickling the window panes. The sun wasn’t ready to come up yet, but if his husband slept in any longer, he’d be late for his first appointment of the day.
Steve put Tony’s clothes away in the hamper and tried to pick up around the room a little while before returning to the bathroom to join Tony in the tub. He undressed quickly, then carefully urged Tony to sit up and lean forward so he could slide in behind him. The water threatened to overflow, and Steve was careful not to make any sudden movements as he bundled Tony up in his arms and nuzzled into greasy hair.
Stephanie frowned, but she was too thrown by Tony’s behavior to know who to respond. Tony had never treated her with such disdain. She kneeled beside him on the dirt floor of the cell, hoping that would at least make Tony look at her.
“How hungry are you? I’m too tired to sit,” he announced when Tony naturally made for the dining room. “Bedroom?”
“You need to open yourself up to 5s and 6s,” Sharon continued. “Attractive enough, but people who have been rejected enough to be sympathetic. And you’re not going to do that,” she added, “in a 200 hundred dollar polo.”
With one hand firmly spreading Tony’s cheeks apart, Steve rubbed his warm, lubed middle finger down the seam of his exposed crack. The young, perky flesh was taut and supple under the pressure of his fingers, and by the time Steve’s wet thumb rubbed and teased his perineum through his glove, Tony was already moaning his interest and his pleasure.
“Stand up, come on,” Tony whispered and reached for him, helping him find his feet. “How about a shower? You'll feel better.”
“I like this time of day,” Tony told Steve, apropos of nothing. Steve turned so he could lean back against the railing, and gently he guided Tony to stand between his legs so he could wrap Tony up in his arms. Tony followed easily, leaning into Steve and nosing at his throat before stretching to press a lingering kiss to Steve’s lips.
“I’m an engineer. I fix things,” Tony said with a hint of a smile, but if he had more to say, he silenced himself with a sip of coffee.
When the whistle blew, they made it almost five steps before their uncoordinated effort led to tangled limbs and an immediate collapse. Steve had gotten his arms around him and rolled to take the fall; at the time Tony had been mortified, but in hindsight his memory of their first three-legged race was filled with Steve’s heartfelt laughter and the safety of Steve’s strong arms. In subsequent years, Tony grew increasingly receptive to practicing in advance, but since it turned out that Steve intentionally sabotaged them every year, they never really won. Or, well… he
; this was week’s worth of work lost in a few lousy seconds. But worst of all, he was Tony fucking Stark. How was he supposed to face anybody after
“We got through everything in my notebook, so Scott gave us a list of comedies to catch up on,” Steve answered simply. “To balance out the depressing things.”
If Steve looked confused before, he was outright dumbfounded now. “...did you think Benedita and I?”
She didn’t say a word about his outfit, or ask him how he was; she simply offered help. Steve found himself genuinely smiling again as he thanked her and placed the box in his cart.
“He hasn’t had it easy since you left, you know,” Rhodey told Tony quietly, his slurring less noticeable with his voice lowered. “We all missed you, but I think… it’s different for him.”
Steve spun the book over in his hand and smacked Tony’s arm with the flat of it before he got any further. “Tony!” he hissed, his cheeks blushing red with the effort not to laugh. But instead of words of chastisement or discomfort, Steve sounded indignant. “When have I ever denied my husband when he wants to ‘polish my crown’?”
“Well, yes,” Tony replied slowly, “but the questions, the questions about roles, beliefs. Patterns of behavior. You got them?”
approach them from behind? If Steve could see in the dark, the safest place for him would be in the front of the line. Steve would see an oncoming attack and have a chance to prepare himself, or have a chance to run if Tony was mauled from behind.
But now, none of it was clear anymore. Steve’s hopes and dreams weren’t the tidy list of opportunities it had always been, and as he stared at the incriminating ring boxes, they warred in his mind with his shame and his self-contempt.
Tony was heedless to all the spit he slobbered up and down Steve’s crack in his wake, and when it first started dribbling down to wet Steve’s balls, Steve reacted with a full-body shudder. The mounting need was driving him wild, and without thinking Steve reached back to grab one side of his ass to pull even harder, a silent demand for Tony to fuck his thumbs into him, to fill him, to cure him of this sweet, hollow ache.
Steve’s answering growl reverberated from deep in his chest, possessive in his hunger, and he claimed Tony’s lips with his own in a biting, needful kiss. He was done—he didn’t have the patience for a bedroom anymore, and before Tony knew what was happening, Steve dropped him into the high-back couch on his knees. Tony grabbed onto the back of the couch for support as Steve leaned over his body, nosing into the soft skin of Tony’s throat and worrying the skin with his teeth. The smell of him - the mix of his cologne and his sweat fogged Steve’s mind with a desperate lust that left him salivating and grinding his hips against Tony’s thick, round ass like an animal in heat.
,” he thrilled emphatically, beaming in his happiness, and if ever Steve hadn’t wanted to kiss him before, he desperately wanted to do so now. Not that he was in a position to get physical; he hadn’t been for a long time. As Steve’s wounds had healed, they had sometimes tangled in a kiss, or found comfort in each other’s arms.
Tony smirked and made a show of angling at his big brass belt buckle up at him. “Got a lifetime of experience that says I’ll live.”
Twice, he had tried. Twice, he had woken up and learned that none of it mattered. Hydra lived on, and freedom was a failed experiment long abandoned. Around him, lights flashed as landmines tore apart young lives and dreams, and Steve failed to make it matter. He heard them call his name, but nothing he did mattered, he had failed, he had let them die in vain, he let it all die in vain.
Tony attentively watched so many familiar expressions flicker across his face—adoration, sadness, contentment—and something he couldn’t quite place that approached rueful amusement.
“We’re going to New York this summer,” Steve reiterated in that calm, steady voice of his that seemed to know exactly what was important in life and what wasn’t. “Once you settle in to your new job and all your anxiety about graduation and this whole transition are in the past, we’re going to talk about next year. And like I said, if we can’t think of anything, my classes for the fall are all on Wednesday-Thursday, it wouldn’t be impossible to take the train every week. Hell, I’d probably even finish most of my assignments on the train down to New York, and we’d have the rest of the week together. And in August we’ll celebrate our one year,” he added with a strange note of happiness Tony hadn’t heard before, like Steve was excited about a surprise. “And maybe… sometime between there, we’ll go to Brooklyn and I’ll introduce you to someone special.”
“You got it,” he replied with a smile and a wave to his students, as if he wasn't experiencing massively contradictory epiphanies at the same time.
On top of him, Tony moaned under his breath from the satisfaction of being filled, and blindly he mouthed and drooled all over Steve’s neck.
“Tony, you sound skeptical of Steve’s expressed interest in you,” Dr. Odinson said, and Steve cleared his throat to interrupt him.
“I’m doing your econ,” Tony said without leaving any room for Steve to argue. “Rest tonight, and don’t do more than ROTC and lectures until Saturday. And,” he added as soon as Steve tried to respond. “My schedule is free, I want to be there. I’ll be at the Commonwealth tomorrow.”
“Steve mentioned that your wife’s birthday was coming up, and that she likes scented candles,” he said casually.
“This is Mango,” Georgie continued, “he is a sheltie and corgi mix, and he’s fourteen weeks old. It says here that his favorite food is not mango; good clarification, that.”
“You give any thought to a cake?” she wondered, entirely oblivious to Steve’s panic. “Red velvet is one of Tony’s favorites, and I need a good reason to make another Lane cake. Do you have a preference, honey?”
“You should see him Bruce,” Tony said, his voice bright as he tried to muffle a sudden burst of giggles against his hand. “Every time I say
Lila had to go to bed after that, but the rest of them stayed in the kitchen for hours, repeating the whole process over wine. They raided the kitchen pantry for dried fruit and more nuts that they could try in new combinations. The next batch they made with limoncello and dried fig and powdered with confectioners sugar, and they gobbled it down like wolves until their stomachs were too full and the sugar crash hit hard. Happy, warm from wine, and stuffed to the gills with sugar and fried dough, they begged off to bed and left round three for another day.
The first year Steve’s interest in the festival had taken Tony completely by surprise. There was nothing Steve didn’t want to try; from the caber toss and hammer throw, to single handedly taking on an entire class of elementary students in tug o’ war, he participated in everything. When he went as far as to volunteer them for the three-legged race, Tony openly balked. Walking in a crowd of thousands with bare minimum security was already shocking, but to let someone tie his leg to his fiance’s to run-hop-squirm against each other in public?
Too many elements of that sentence rubbed Steve the wrong way, but in the time it took Steve to parse out what he most wanted to shout about, Tony was back.
“Yes,” she said after a brief pause, not bothering to remind him he had no right to ask such a question. “Four years.”
They stopped off at Joe’s Diner on the I-90. They’d seen the advertisement early on, and Steve’s stomach had rumbled like he hadn’t eaten a BLT an hour earlier. They pulled in and treated themselves to the delicious indulgences of all American diners. By the time they left, Tony was halfway to a food coma and Steve had an arm around him for support, bracing most of his weight as they walked to the car.
Steve knew how powerful prostate stimulation could be, he knew how it always gave him the upper hand. This was his first time on the receiving side, first time to feel utterly exploited for his own benefit and pleasure. Then Tony rotated the vibrator gently inside him, until the curved shaft wasn’t just adjacent to Steve’s prostate, but spooning up against it. Steve’s eyes rolled back in pleasure, his hips stuttering back and forth as he mindlessly tried to get more friction; he was so close to the edge that it hurt, and he sobbed with it, pitiful and desperate.
Clint was still telling him about the things they’d have to wrap up before the weekend when Steve stepped out onto the porch. Whatever that phone call had been about, whoever had made the call and chased the easy smile from Steve’s face, Tony immediately felt a vindictive contempt rising in his chest for what they had done. It had taken no more than the fifteen minutes they were apart, and it hurt to watch Steve return with stiff shoulders and an uncomfortable tension in his whole posture.
Taking his words as the primal compliments they were, Steve shamelessly preened over his minor victory of reducing Tony to a state of incoherence. Almost unnoticed at first, Steve slid his fingers over Tony’s spot more boldly, more consistently, and before Tony knew what had happened, Steve’s firm massage of his prostate sent shivers down Tony’s spine and his head rolling back with pleasure.
“This is impossible,” Rhodey sighed to himself while rolling his failed attempt back into a ball and glaring at Bucky’s finished superior dough rolling skills.
It was a perfect way to separate himself from Tony once and for all without hurting Tony any further. They could both move on with their lives. Maybe Steve would finally try Grindr.
Steve woke up the next morning and found himself in bed, undressed to his boxers. His head was throbbing and half his face felt tight and weird. It took a minute before he spared a thought for the world around him and realized someone was in bed beside him. Was it possible that last night hadn’t just been a terrible dream? Had he been punched in the face at a screening of Batman Returns? Had Tony taken care of him all night, waking him up every two hours to be sure there were no lasting symptoms of his injury?
Steve tried not to look too upset about passing the box up to Happy at the next stop light. He didn’t want to part with them, but it didn’t seem like Happy was giving him a ride back to the apartment, so it made sense for the flowers to get their own safe delivery.
Since Steve had been expected to be in court on Tuesday, he’d already been excused from his classes in advance. But rather than doze the morning away, he got up when Tony did. He offered what help he could - about Hansen’s past in biochemistry and showed him the money trail Romanov would be using to proove Bucky’s payment for the two hired sex workers.
“She still is hot,” Tony seconded as he joined them from the elevator. He eyed Steve and guessed, “Police Academy or Little Trouble?”
Tony interrupted him with a wave of his hand. “What did you tell me when Coulson offered me a bigger part? Steve?” he promoted when Steve was silent for too long.
Whether it was because of Tony’s obvious embarrassment or his squeaking reply, Steve’s expression warmed with a smile, but he didn’t comment on it. “Good,” he said easily, and with a final reassuring squeeze, he released his hand and stepped aside. “Go on, you go first.”
Usually, Tony understood what words meant when people spoke to him. He blinked back at Steve, and eventually asked, “Draw what?”
“Captain Steven Rogers,” said a woman who was dressed in a silk gown matching the Taco Bell color scheme. Steve tried to look her in the eyes instead of staring at the conical hat on her head. “We decided amongst ourselves that you simply must tell us of the crude ways of the 21st century.”
Steve pushed up on an elbow to tug Tony back for a kiss, and while Tony was distracted, he slid his hands down Tony’s body to cup greedy handfuls of his ass, squeezing and pulling his cheeks apart in a clear demonstration of what he wanted.
“So I hear,” Clark said calmly, but something about his tone raised a warning flag. Steve only had a moment to brace himself before the game was up. “Bruce called this morning. He wanted to know why his godson was snooping around his personal business.”
Even now when Steve knew without a shadow of a doubt that it was his Tony, it was still so strange to have someone who looked, sounded, and smelled so different pressing up against his body.
“Are you flirting with me, Steve Rogers?” Tony asked him with a impish lilt in his voice. “Your flattery is well met and deeply appreciated. Since you do it so well, I invite you to compliment me as often as you please.”
Steve squeezed the heel of his boots into the legs of his chair to contain his reaction to Tony’s oh so casual admission that he was into men. He cleared his throat, willed the blush from his face to the extent that he could, and carried on.
Steve stared at him in silence. Bucky closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose to stave off the inevitable headache, but by the looks of Agent Hammer, Steve suspected headaches were only the first of their problems.
Tony gave him a wry look over his sunglasses. “Tell you what,” he said when Happy didn’t quite read between the lines. “If those college students abandon graduation and run all the way here from MIT just to track me down… you’ll be the first to know.”
Steve laughed and stole a kiss from Tony’s smiling lips while he had the chance. “There’s someone else who is delightful and wants to meet you,” he said then, still smiling at Tony because he just couldn’t stop. “I want to introduce you to my mom, Tony. It would mean a lot to me, and to her.”
“That could have been me,” Tony said truthfully, and there was a quiet tremble of hesitation in his voice that gave Steve pause. He blinked his eyes open, and despite the crazy headache that really insisted he not move, he looked up to try and understand Tony’s expression. To his surprise, all he found was genuine gratitude. “I mean it, Steve. Thank you.”
Tony frowned to himself, but since Steve wasn’t comfortable with eye-contact, he went back to work. He could multitask. “You’re worried about what he thinks?”
“I’m not far,” Tony promised, and sure enough, they were around the corner right in time. “That’s me,” he explained, pointing out his brownstone. “Across the street and up the stairs.”
Steve should have been happy for his friend. Tony had gone out, found another consenting adult for a satisfying night. Steve had no right to feel jealous, he told himself, and even if Tony suspected how Steve felt, he was not the petty kind of man to get involved with other people to make Steve jealous. It wasn’t Tony’s fault he was the first and only man Steve had felt this way about, that Steve still had no idea how or why his libido had imprinted on Tony of all people. After all, Steve had many objectively handsome, attractive male friends besides Tony, but it had never happened.
He crept away as discretely as he could, slipping from one aisle to the next on quiet feet until finally he reached a closed door. Without thinking, he tried the handle, and let himself in.
Fury frowned at the room full of confused but unmoving officers around him. “Officer Jane Foster! Definition for code one eight seven, now.”
Near the turn leading away from the press he happened to run into Carol herself. Her Marvel Initiative connected young and working age refugees with work-study programs and in-demand training opportunities that provided them with the practical experience and skill sets necessary to become independent, and self-sufficient Americans across the country. Tony had been onboard from day one, and it was one of the few annual events Steve never missed.
They usually stayed at the royal palace when Steve visited Eisenturm. Outwardly, it helped contain the gossip surrounding them, but another part of it was Steve’s limited familiarity with international cuisine. Tony took great pleasure in inviting specialized chefs from around the country to cook exciting dishes for Steve’s every visit, though his project had peaked early when Steve tried a buffet of Indian dishes and promptly fell in love with navratan korma.
Steve scoffed at the question and rolled his eyes. “Of course not,” he almost laughed. “But who will keep my secrets if you don’t?”
He came out to find Tony snooping in his fridge with a confused look on his face. “It’s just me, Tony. How come?”
As if the snow wasn’t bad enough, the wind chill was downright malicious. Fucking Boston. Five seconds outdoors was five seconds too long, but there was nothing for it: Tony had to get from the cab to the apartment somehow.
“I have enjoyed admiring Jane among her own kind,” Thor intoned between scraping at something stuck between his teeth and inspecting his nail to see if he’d got it. “She outshines all her peers, yet by the end of the day wants nothing to do with them, so as Natasha’s wisdom suggests, an evening of fawning and adoration from those less gifted brings me much gladness.”
Carol let out a heavy breath she didn’t know she’d been holding. She glared at Tony and was just about to give him a piece of her mind when he preemptively brushed it off.
Distantly, Steve heard the dull clang of metal on metal followed by muffled stomping. This was it - whoever had captured him was there. His time was over. He tugged at the zip tie behind his back in a final attempt to get free, to have some means of defending himself, but his power was wasted by the drugs.
They went to the bank, but that was as far as they got with their plans. Everything derailed after Steve made a comment about how Tony could easily infer London’s early history and development by studying a map of the city streets.
Tony knew nothing about Bond or where he kept his ledgers. It didn’t matter how many slow, shallow lines and figures she carved into his chest, Tony didn’t know. He’d never even seen Bond, he’d only spoken to him over the phone.
A sudden tremor shook Steve’s body, and on instinct Tony quickly lifted his uniform jacket again for fear that such a coarse material had hurt the recently thawed skin of the Captain. But once he had a chance to listen, he realized the sounds the Captain made were not sounds of pain, but attempts to form a proper noun. If Tony didn’t know better, he would have thought he heard his name on Captain America’s lips.
” Tony muttered, and he shoved off of Bruce’s desk to toss the donuts and start putting his jacket back on. “Jane,” he reminded Bruce, who immediately winced in sympathy. “Dollars to donuts, he’s still wallowing. You’ll get the coffee?”
“You want my help, and that gives you permission to treat us like shit?” Steve bit back as Tony finally got between them as a physical barrier.
When the light finally faded and Tony and Clint could see again, there lay a naked, red-headed Woman in the mud and grass of Tony’s swamp where the dragon had once lain.
“Why does his body have so much… volume?” Bruce asked without thinking, presumably expecting Tony to answer. But when he glanced at Tony, Tony was in the process of pulling at the clasps and ties of his uniform jacket. “Tony Stark, what are you doing? Have you no sense of decorum?”
It was the future Steve struggled with. Imagining a future without Tony was still miserable, and now, talking about where he would be living in New York after graduation cut him in a way no physical wound could hurt. How could Tony talk about home as if it was a place? How perfectly had Steve failed in his expression of love and commitment that Tony hadn’t learned that
“What Lieutenant Gramsci is referring to are individual codes,” Tony explained and held up his left hand. “You have one, also. Credits pass directly through the codes and cannot be used by others without explicit authorization.”
“We will follow your lead,” Thor said in agreement, draining his stout with two big swallows. “To better hunting grounds!”
“You look so happy in it, mein Schafes,” Steve admitted softly, and he watched Tony like his whole world was right there in Tony’s smile. “How could I not love it?”
“Was this not meant to be for a female audience? How will the connection be made if your subject is a man?”
It wasn’t a regular thought, or even one he allowed to fester for very long. Quite the opposite: Tony was indescribably proud of Steve for dedicating his life to a profession that really made a difference in people’s lives. Both of them knew Steve didn’t need to work - Tony had made it clear from the beginning that Steve had no need to work another day in his life if he didn’t want to. Tony made more money than either of them could spend in a lifetime, and nothing made him happier than using it to dote on his man.
Tony sucked Steve’s bottom lip into his mouth through his teeth, and as predictable as gravity, Steve’s moaned and surged against him. What minor resistance Steve tried to put up faded into history. With newfound vigor, he spun them around, pressing Tony up against door, and pinned him there with his weight without losing the connection of their lips.
. Laughter danced in his eyes, his coiffed, dark chocolate hair was just on the right side of misbehaving, and,
“And Helen’s coming on Friday to help Tony reattach it,” Steve continued without so much as acknowledging his friend’s lack of self-preservation. “They’ll take a closer look at you then.”
“They would not dare touch you, my love,” Tony murmured, his voice still deep from sleep. His curls swept around his hair in a whirlwind of bedhead, and as affectionate and playful as he was first thing in the morning, he meant every word that he said. “Coulson has Pepper’s highest recommendation. Not even I have that.”
What had he been thinking? Steve was a good man; a man Tony should have been thrilled to date given half a chance. And here he was, actively trying to push him away for a column.
You could guess what he did. And, sure, he wasn’t not dressed for it, he wasn’t prepared at all. He had got a good life; he had other shit to do. But despite it all, he'd elbow his way up to the ring and yell up at Steve:
“You have all your agents and ten NYPD detectives across the city on your task force!” Bucky snapped in a sudden outburst of anger. “All we’re asking for is time to confirm this man’s identity and prove he had nothing to do with this.”
“Anything you want, sweetheart,” Steve promised, as if there was a menu to make selections from, and Tony was his favorite customer. The thought alone made him frown, and he pushed up enough so that he could look Steve in the eyes.
It had already been a tough morning at Q-branch. Four-thirty marked sixty hours since 006’s last check-in. Only Q had been there for every gruelling hour, turning the world over to find a trace of her. A double-oh’s life expectancy was a known hazard of the job, but it had been a minute since an agent was lost without a trace.
Bruce and Thor stared at Tony in disbelief. Tony grinned back at them looking just a little frazzled around the edges. "Right, okay," he mumbled, half to them, and half to himself. "Dress up nice and scrub all the cracks, guys. We've got work to do."
“I have so many questions,” she told him between furtive glances back at Coulson and the young women. “That girl just gave him her number.”
Steve was going over the last few briefs of the day when Bucky came in to report where they were on the car. The lab was still working on the car itself, but two witnesses had seen a man dumping the car into the river. It had been dark and rainy that night, but they were both convinced it was a man in a grey hoodie, and he wasn’t noticeably tall or short, or obese. He was average in every way.
The donkey blinked big, brown eyes at him. Human eyes. “I’ve eaten grass for seven days and eight nights,” he said. “You give me two turnips, and I’ll tell you anything.”
Today he stood at the top of the stairs like some lovesick deer in headlights, occupying the entry hall of the newsroom to stare at his partner.
“Pretty sure we could retire whenever we wanted to,” Steve reasoned as he followed Bucky back to the couches.
Tony shivered in his arms. He pressed his forehead against Steve’s shoulder, and with shaking fingers he clutched at the cavalry jacket Steve wore. A lifetime of instruction and coaching made any outward expression of vulnerability impossible, but Steve wasn’t only his spouse and partner. Rather than a Crown Prince or a Prince Consort, Steve was his equal, in rank and in power, and while titles meant little to Steve, he had learned that it made a difference to Tony, who had never had an equal.
“How fortuitous that we establish these crucial parameters at this moment!” Tony said with a warm, contagious laugh that had Steve squeezing his hands into fists to keep from touching Tony. “Allow me to treat you to the finest dining available at this peerless Taco Bell.”
The man wrinkled his nose and waved him around, encouraging him to take a seat at the nearest empty manicure station. “I got you, take a seat.”
The cop standing closest to him held a device and spoke to it as if Brock wasn’t standing a few feet away. As if he couldn’t hear him.
“I’m afraid my good luck riding days are over,” Tony say with an exaggerated sigh, but he grinned up at him a moment later. “Let the young’ns have a go.”
“But, uh. You know,” Clint eventually continued, “I’m glad you’re good with them, because, it, it’s important, you know, that my best man knows how to do fix ties. And, things. So, you know, since you can and all, I thought maybe you…”
Maybe it was a simple statement of fact, but Steve chose to interpret it the way he hoped Tony meant it.
“I love you Tony, but you’re reckless,” Pepper told him, both kind and direct with her response. “First it was puberty, then you were a teenager, and then you couldn’t stop winning—there are people who care about you who don’t want to see you hurt—”
To his right, both the girls were lifted onto the cushioned platform as well. Their masters didn’t seem to linger beside them like Steve did, and Tony watched them both settle down to rest, all without looking away from him in return. Maybe they hadn’t seen male humans for as long as Tony hadn’t seen their kind. How ironic that this would be how he saw a naked woman in person for the first time.
Tony husked out a quiet exhale on a breath he’d been holding too long. “Anonymous sex?” he whispered, “or you thinking of anyone?”
“Captain Steven G. Rogers, cease this madness!” Fury bellowed. “If you wish to see another day of sunshine, I strongly recommend that you enhance your calm and lower your weapon at once.”
,” Tony struggled to correct, blushing faintly even though he tried to pretend he wasn’t embarrassed. “We are life-long fans of the comic books. When Rhodey had the bull installed, he picked a round air mattress that looked like Captain America’s shield.”
Tony filled his mouth with three thick fingers, almost choking with the effort to swallow them all to the last knuckle and bobbing his head on their full length. The wet, slick heat sensation of Tony’s mouth stirred the inevitable pressure coiling and building behind Steve’s cock. He worked their length with his tongue, sucked on them eagerly.
“Did you know most my relationships ended because of money?” Tony continued, and this time, Steve’s smile faded. He picked his head up and looked at Tony with a deep frown in his expression, no doubt wondering if he somehow fell in the same category as those who used Tony for money.
As gentle and affectionate as Tony sounded, Steve knew better than to take it lightly. “No more jealous YouTubing, promise. I’ll be better.”
When Steve finally put him down in the nest for their last rest before the demonstration, sleep was the last thing on Tony’s mind. In an effort to calm him, Steve promised him they would all be humanoid - after all, they wouldn’t be training to harvest on Earth if they couldn’t pass in their world - so Tony had no need to fear barbs, scales, or claws. When that didn’t ease Tony’s excited nerves, Steve allowed him to touch and feed from him as much as he needed in order to sleep. It was an offer that Tony had never heard before, and he eagerly stretched out between Steve’s legs to fill his senses with all the comfort his master offered. He nuzzled his firm thighs and nosed into Steve’s groin, inhaling his musk like a starving man at a buffet. His scent was dizzying, and if Tony wasn’t careful, he’d fumble and lose this rare opportunity to indulge. Steve rarely came more than once a day, and given the chance, Tony wanted to nurse on his cock slowly for hours on end, savoring the satisfaction of his master’s come as long as Steve would let him rather than blowing it all on one sudden orgasm that would leave him doped up and disorientated until morning.
Adrenaline was quickly fading from his system, and Tony could feel his head swimming. He must have lost more blood than he thought, because he was clearly hallucinating. Steve was barking orders at MI6 extraction units. Had Steve broken into his flat firing
“Fine. I’m leaving two men with you,” Bucky conceded, “I’ll take Natasha. I’ll call as soon as we find him.”
“I won, didn’t I?” Steve teased him in return, and Tony barely gave himself the time to roll his eyes before he was on his husband again to kiss the cheeky smirk off his face.
The question caught Tony off guard, and for a second his eyelashes fluttered as he tried to process the turn in conversation. His excitement didn’t fade so much as sober, and he nodded to himself and to Steve as he closed up his phone and put it away.
, Steve eased the canister slowly out of his body the scant few inches he needed to leverage and thrust into Tony’s slack body.
“...What are you talking about?” Brock said after a beat. “Steve, what are you doing here? You’re not here to see me, are you?”
“I’ll keep you safe from violent giants,” Steve said in the end, “if you keep me safe from bears or wolves or whatever else can climb through—”
“Another time,” Natasha promised, and with a final squeeze of Stephanie’s shoulder, she stepped back and looked at Tony. “Tony? You wanted to tell Stephanie something?”
He pawed at Tony’s ass and grasped him in two firm handfuls. Steve pressed his thumbs into Tony’s hole and pulled, stretching him open with force and no patience. With a vice-like grip that left Tony softly whimpering in pain, Steve tugged Tony’s ass up at an angle and spread his tight hole wide before forcing his cock in a single thrust. Tony preemptively bit down on his lip and managed to muffle the sudden cry tearing from his throat into a deep, muted groan, but he couldn’t stop the sudden shudder of shock and discomfort that rolled through his body. His body grew stiff and tensed up instinctively, but Steve fucked him through it, pounding into his tight ass even as Tony’s body spasmed and struggled to accommodate him.
“How peachy keen!” Rumlow spat with his usual bravado as the Scraps filled the room behind their leaders. On his side, Rumlow had a handful of muscled Scraps, one of which had been armed with a gun to aim at Pierce where he sat in his chair.
Steve leaned over Tony and gently brushed his hair out of the way to better see his face. His skin was too warm and unusually sweaty to the touch, and as the realization set in, Steve tried his best not to let his old fears of being left behind take root. This was nothing like what his mother had suffered silently, this was not his father walking away into the night. There was no question that Tony wasn’t suffering anything more severe than the flu. And yet Steve couldn’t help but stare. When he put his mind to it, his husband was larger than life. Tony was vibrant, confident, and as generous as he could be intimidating.
But when Tony opened the door and the low thrum of noise suddenly turned into an excited ruckus, Steve’s guilt about leaving early evaporated. He was already grateful to leave. After the unnerving silence of a remote, rural farm, the sound of a drunk, excitable crowd packed into a small space hit him like a kick in the gut. If they stayed here ten minutes, it would be ten minutes too long.
Tony grinned at the memory, but Steve handed him the puppy at the same time as he tried to answer the question, and let’s just say Fran had better luck climbing to his face than she had with Steve. “A year,” he sputtered, trying to speak through closed lips while prying the insistent little Pomeranian off. It only took a few seconds, but they were emotionally painful for all the little cries and whimpering Fran caused as she scrambled to get all the kisses she could get.
“Sorry, not sorry,” Tony said with a satisfied smile, but he melted back against Steve’s chest happily, pleasantly boneless in the embrace of Steve’s body and their warm bath.
There was no way Steve would be able to merge his group with Tony’s. The way Tony interacted with his students was already making Steve hot under the collar, and distantly he could feel an abstract realization cementing into something very real and tangible.
After all, in approximately twenty hours, Steve would be hard at work eating pies and sabotaging yet another attempt to win the three-legged race. He deserved his rest.
“I wish,” Bucky grumbled, but he still reached and took it out of Steve’s hands just like he had with the nail polish. “It’s her birthday, and she likes bubble baths with candles, which is fine, whatever. Once a fucking year. So, is it cool if I hide these with you for two weeks?”
Tony smiled, pressing an adoring kiss to Steve’s chest. “You can bottom and take the lead, you know.” Then, with one more kiss of Steve’s lips, Tony asked Steve to stay where he was. He climbed out of bed and made straight for his dresser, where he dug around in his sock and underwear drawer until he came up with a silk pouch.
For months, their time together had been clear and unmistakable memories in Tony’s skin. Until now, Steve had never seen them so faded, so nearly abandoned. He willed his hands not to shake as he brushed his fingertips over the marks of what must have been his thumbs digging into Tony’s lower back as Steve had pinned him down for a fuck. It was the most noticeable mark left, but it was so faint it might be lost by morning.
“Are you shitting me?” Bucky hissed across the phone before Steve could say hello. “I had to find out about you and Tony from People Magazine?”
He felt more than heard Steve’s soft chuckle, and he nestled in closer. Tony might as well be asleep on his feet, but he was no fool - he wasn’t letting any of this go to waste. After all, Tony had insisted on a schedule that got them back to the Residence for the night just for this: to be with his husband and recharge in his company.
The shop was nothing like the regular boutique spots near campus - it was a low-key, blue-collar salon with two manicure stations and five hair chairs, an ideal place for old ladies and young waitresses to get prettied up for the week. It was exactly the kind of place his ma would take him when she needed a break from her day to day, and small, unassuming salons had quickly become his safe space away from home.
, Steve dared to think when he peeked over his fingers and saw Tony laughing at Bucky’s exaggerated eye-rolling.
Unbetad and written in less than 24 hrs, so please forgive my mistakes. Those of you who responded & voted on Tumblr, thank you! I hope this is in line with what you expected. At least, I'm pretty sure it's in line with my initial promise that 'you'll never feel clean again.'
With deft, nimble fingers, Steve got Tony out of his suit and tie. The cherished task was long-since committed to memory. After all, Tony’s habit of working to exhaustion had nothing to do with his presidency - the only difference was that these past three years had complicated Steve’s work with countless buttons, and undressing his husband without waking him now approached the complexity of that old-time sadistic game, Operation.
“I think it’s time to discuss your career path. Have you thought about where you might be a summer associate?”
Her meaning couldn’t have been more clear, and Steve found himself swallowing down a knot of grateful relief. He might be a laughing stock who’d burned a bridge with an influential professor in his first year in the program, but least one of Steve’s professors still believed in him.
“What makes you think I’m celebrating my first real cheat meal with you?” Steve said with a grimace.
Tony pressed his lips together in a mockery of stifling his laughter; he had no sincere interest in cutting short his giggling joy until Steve sunk into the couch beside him and quieted him with a soft, unhurried kiss that left Tony moaning his change of heart.
Before Bruce could think of a counter argument, Tony had the cash folded under a plate with the bill and was on his way out the door.
“Compromise?” Tony said after a short stretch of silence where all Steve managed to do was to blush like a schoolboy. “Eat on the couch and watch something with Kevin Kline? Helen Mirren? Anna Kendrick?”
“Yes. Chasing a criminal. Imagine that,” Steve observed dryly, and without another word, he stepped away to take his seat. Tony followed him after a momentary hesitation.
It was easier to avoid love and stick with Bucky. Friendship could be enough, right? Who needed romance and love and raising a family and being there every step of the way as gurgling little cherub faces grew into bright and incredible adults? It wasn’t worth watching his lover age and die alone, or watching his children and grandchildren age and fade away and leaving him with the rest of the monuments America built.
“If you think more carefully,” Steve drawled, “a close friend of yours recently got you something very colorful… literally colorful…”
open, and he pulled the door open to let himself in. “Thor?” he called into the apartment, casting around cautiously to try and spot the giant in case he was still violent. “I come in peace. We have a staff meeting in twenty minutes.”
From the bank of responses to his cock, Tony’s look of grateful relief was a first. He rolled onto his side to face Steve, and gently cupped Steve’s face before pressing closer to kiss him. It was a slow, passionate kiss, nothing fervent or urgent, but eager in their reacquaintance.
“Your nightmares,” Tony started then a little awkwardly, as if he knew he was walking on eggshells. “You need not speak of them, but if there are ways that I can support you, Steve Rogers, resources I can provide for you or ways that I can help to prevent them, I swear I will not rest until it is done.”
“I’m not a virgin because virginity is important to me, Tony. I was only waiting for someone I could be honest with, about me and my family.”
They sat uncomfortably in the awkward interim between ordering and conversation, fidgeting with their menus and pretending to look at them instead of each other.
well. Hell, we’ve been living together now for a year and a half and I’m still waiting for the other shoe to drop.”
“But if you happen to find a flight home that departs after five… I suggest you take it. No-one can stop you from going home to your kids anymore.”
“Mostly my brother,” Tony replied, smiling at the memory. “He’s a pain in the ass, but I haven’t seen him since Christmas first year of college.”
“Tony, where…” he breathed, staring at him and the four bodies littering the floor. “Where did that come from, Stark?”
As the hosts, Thing 1 (Sharon) and Thing 2 (Sam) tended to float between friends and chat. Every time they popped back around, it was an automatic reset on the group conversation.
Rather than harboring any shame or irritation, Steve only seemed pleased with the diagnosis, and Tony couldn’t bring himself to disagree.
Between the warmth of Steve’s body and his absent massage of Tony’s neck and shoulders, Tony had fallen back to sleep. He snored softly through the congestion, and privately Steve thanked god for the mercy of sleep. Carefully, he pulled the covers up over Tony’s shoulders. At first it was only to keep Tony warm, but for every increment Steve pulled the blanket farther up, the more he liked that Tony was hidden from view. The unhealthy sheen of his sickly pale skin made Steve wish anew that he could take it all from him. Why did the cold get Tony and not Steve instead? Steve didn’t have assigned duties for the next two weeks, and more importantly, he didn’t feel the weight of the kingdom on his shoulders the same way Tony did. Steve was only a figurehead, an ambassador at best. Tony was instrumental to the economy. As part of the unification, Tony leveraged global profit from Stark Industries to mitigate the cost of improving Terrini’s outdated infrastructure. They needed roads, railways, and better hospitals, and Tony committed his wealth to making it happen.
“Tony, what you’re asking… it’s humiliating,” Steve mumbled under his breath. When he didn’t continue, Tony relaxed his grip of Steve’s chin but instead gently cupped Steve’s face in his hands. Gently, he pressed his forehead against Steve’s and waited.
“Are they home?” Steve wondered as Tony hopped out of the driver’s seat; he peered out into the night for any sign of life before opening the door and following suit.
Bruce returned to the station with Fury while Tony stayed behind to help Steve get ready. While they quickly cut the Captain out of his centuries of hair growth, Tony arranged for his clothes so that upon his release, he could present Steve with a custom made uniform and a new pair of shoes. He gave Steve some time to shower and get dressed, signed Steve’s release forms and assumed the man’s guardianship, then finally led him out into the free world.
As if on cue, a valet hurried up to the passenger side and opened the door for Steve. Steve rolled his eyes at himself, and with a final shake to get his act together, he thanked Jane again for her help and stepped out of the car.
Steve scrolled through the TV guide listlessly, not looking for anything in particular but hoping something would catch his eye.
From his comfortable home in the soft skin of Steve’s throat, Tony whined, loud and shamelessly plaintive.
“Medics are on the way, Steve Rogers!” he heard Tony shouting through the haze of pain, but it didn’t matter. Rumlow was disappearing into the distance, while half a dozen New Yorseylvanian peace officers openly gawped after him.
Still, he couldn’t seem to shake the nerves and there was nowhere he could do anything about it. If he paced outside, he’d get hot and start sweating in his clothes, which was the last thing he wanted. If he paced inside the building, either in the lobby or in the hallway, he’d look crazy and possibly give someone the impression that he was too unnerved to be trusted as an intern. But given the scant number of people in at seven-twenty in the morning, Steve figured there was one place where he’d be safe to walk off his nerves.
He wanted them to think about the animals as part of their environment, and how the two might have changed over time. He wanted them to think about evolution.
He laughed because for the first time since he got to Harvard, Steve felt like he was seen. He was seen as a person and recognized as someone worth reaching out to. How could ever thank her—
Frightening as the idea of Rumlow’s filthy hands - and possibly even his blood - touching his body, Tony smiled at Steve with deep affection. “It is my privilege, Steve Rogers.”
