“Here, I grabbed your dressing gown.” He said and tossed the light brown, towelling garment at his colleague before wandering to the bar. He poured himself a generous measure of the first malt whisky he placed his hand on. It was, in his opinion, the perfect winter warmer.
“You don’t have to thank me…” he breathed back as he stared at Steve’s mouth. “Well at least not in the conventional way…” But before he could move any closer, the lift doors opened with a ding and out stepped Dr Banner. He strode straight to the men by the fire.
“It hurts to move. I’ll just stay here.” Steve wanted nothing more than to just curl up and sleep but every time he closed his eyes he could see the ice of the Artic rushing at him.
“Just…the…cold…” he answered quietly and he shivered the whole journey back. He continued to shiver even as he reached the living area and found Tony in front of the fire with a concerned look on his face. He hobbled over to the sofa and slumped back, his arms still wrapped around his own body. Tony joined him, his eyebrows knitted.
“There must have been a glitch in Erskine’s formula..” Tony continued to take off Steve’s boots and socks. “I mean for a super soldier who is immune to all sorts, you take some pretty bad chilblains.” Tony inspected the shiny, red ulcers that had formed on Steve’s feet. Steve swallowed down some of his stew rather quicker than he intended and it stuck a little in his throat. Tony was rubbing at the less affected parts of his feet. He even seemed to be trying to not cause too much discomfort as he helped get the blood following. Steve smiled a little. Well, a lot.
“Chilblains! He has chilblains! I was just…helping him.” He said, jumping to his feet and pointing at Steve. “Also, correct me if I’m wrong, but don’t I fund your lab?”
“And… there is something else,” Tony said suddenly, bringing his attention back. “Pepper offered me a grant to work on one of my other projects. You know the geolocation sensor I told you about? That,” he added, eyeing Steve closely.
“You know as well as I do that you’ve already decided, Steve,” Sarah said, smiling. “You don’t need me to tell you what to do.”
“That’s all well and good on paper, Mom.” Steve let out a humorless laugh. “Ideal, even. But it’s not that simple in the real world. I’ll have to answer a lot of people. They won’t let me do stuff that will compromise their position. I’ll be stuck. With no way out. And Dad, he would rejoice in it,” Steve said, his expression turning angry. “Because it’s exactly what he would have wanted.”
“Sure.” Tony smiled. They left the counter and made their way over to a table. Several people turned to look at Steve, but no one was brave enough to come near, thanks to his bodyguard who had a mean glare plastered on his face.
Tony slapped his hand with Steve’s before taking a swig of his beer. When he lowered it, both of them had a slight blush creeping up their faces.
Steve leaned back on his seat, and closed his eyes, trying to focus on his breathing. He had become numb all of a sudden. He had stopped feeling scared, stopped feeling angry and had resigned himself to his fate. Something about the finality of willingly facing death and making up your mind to do it would do that, he supposed. The damned pit in his stomach wouldn’t go away though, and Steve wished it would. He took out his phone and checked into Tony’s inbox. He had decided to replay the voicemail he left to Tony again. There were so many things he wished he had told Tony. So much stuff that will always be left unsaid. He had attempted to put it all in his message, but he knew it wasn’t enough. Nothing would have been enough. He had told Tony that he loved him. Finally. After all this time. And he had meant it from the bottom of his heart. It was a big deal to him, and he knew it was a big deal to Tony as well. And now he would never get to tell him that in person. He shook his head slowly and closed his eyes again with a sigh.
“I decide the rules, so I can change them anytime.” Tony smiled, hovering a little above Steve. “Boyfriend privileges,” he said softly.
Before he could think of anything else, he felt a punch at the side of his face and his head swerved in the opposite direction. He felt another punch to the gut and leaned over, trying to take in a breath.
Joseph stalked over to him, his posture stiff. “Come back inside. And don’t make a scene.” He gritted out, his voice barely a whisper.
Someone fiddled with a knot at the back of his head, and suddenly he could see again. He squinted his eyes at the light in the room, and tried to shield himself, before realizing that he couldn’t move his hands. He turned to look at the person who had spoken and tried to think of something to say, but words were lost on him. Gerard stood there, a smirk on his face, his hands in the pockets of his well-tailored suit that looked pointedly out of place in the dilapidated setting they were in, and a calm posture, as if Steve posed no threat to him. And Steve hated the fact that he was right.
“Yeah!” Steve said cheerily, as he got up and showed off his fight moves that Bucky had taught him, all thoughts of sleep forgotten. “Now no one can come at me!” Steve roared, a fierce expression on his face. His first couple of visits to the hospital had not been pleasant. Some other kids in the children’s wing had decided to pick on him, because of how small he had been. It was Bucky who had intervened and scared them off. They quickly became best friends after that.
Steve stared at the paper in front of him. He had stopped writing, because he couldn’t get his thoughts in order. They were in disarray, and his hands had started shaking as the reality of it set in.
“I said it’s fine!” Tony said angrily. He took in a deep breath and tried to calm down. “Let’s just take our drinks and go alright?” He breathed out. “I’ll pay you later,” he said with a final glance to the barista.
, who, Steve felt, only did stuff like this for his own benefit. It was all performative. Shallow. Steve wasn’t that person. He was different. He just wanted to help. He did care. Right?
!” He tried to manage a laugh, but it came out like a cough in between his tears. “How morbid! You know, we should really change the whole setting and the vibe and everything when telling people how we met. Let’s come up with a cooler story.” He smiled a little, before realizing and his smile dropped. “I mean...
they said. Will it really? Steve hoped so. The last thing he remembered was thinking how he wished he could talk to Tony again. And then he blacked out.
“Bucky!” Steve cheered, waving his small hand excitedly at the boy. “How are you? Which round is it this time?” he inquired.
Steve looked back at his father and was startled to see his expression. At that moment, Steve realized his father was worried. He was worried for Steve’s future, because he only saw one path. He had only ever known one path. He didn’t know you could live a happy life without trying to be as rich as possible. He didn’t know you didn’t have to selfishly focus on yourself to be successful - that it can also be derived from focusing on others. And he realized that if he didn’t accept the offer, it would eat away at his father until there was nothing left. He would never be the same again. And it would be Steve’s fault. He would be the reason why they would never speak again. Steve wasn’t going to let that happen. He saw only one way to make things right again.
He did not even notice his team come up behind him, therefore, did not see the fingers crossed in hope and the hands clasped in prayer.
A/N: And here I am back again! Ready for the next chapter of our wonderful adventure. Don’t forget to leave a review at the end of the chapter and I do apologize for any and all errors. Without any further ado, on with the show!
Iron Man's response was to lock on to the nearest thirty birds and shoot them down. "163." He replied haughtily.
By the look on everyone’s faces they all had most assuredly chosen to stay and go down fighting with everything they have.
“Well done Mr. Stark.  Excellent thinking.  The fact that your programmed worked and was able to render her face to us unveiled gives me profound hope that it is only a matter of time before you’re capable of undoing her work completely and pulling everybody out of there comas.”  Tony still wasn’t satisfied.
Though he had berated himself all afternoon and well into the evening for getting distracted, he could not help but to meander back into the barn and view the drawings of the man again.
“Leave her alone, dumbass. It was probably Dr. Cho that told Natalia. She was the one that wanted you kicked out.” Barnes interjected.
He was also eternally grateful that he had copied the program when he had commandeered the original distorter before.
Before Tony could respond Steve had gotten pulled into a conversation by Peter. The genius began to thoroughly regret bringing their spidey friend in on this.
They all froze. Everyone was shocked at the sound of the voice. No one recognized it. It reverberated about the room with a hint of vast power.
He was not even going to bother asking why she was asking. The way he felt about the whole strange situation was probably written all over his face.
Steve waited patiently for her to continue. She turned back to him and Steve could perceive something of a sad smile break across her crystal-like face.
Steve quickly pushed Tony to the door. Tony grabbed Clint by the collar and dragged him away with him. Thor grabbed Xavier, chair and all and followed Tony. Steve hauled an unconscious Fury over his shoulder and followed Thor, glancing back to see Natasha hot on his heels.
But now his mind is like cold iron, hard and unyielding. Not just his mind but his very brain is healing from the influence of Hydra’s torture. I had noticed this as we traveled together. The walls I put up would disintegrate faster and faster and become harder and harder to create. As I am now, I do not have the capability to create another wall and even if I could it would shatter just as soon as it was created.” She explained regretfully.
Later that night, after not burning dinner and getting Ellie tucked in and reading her another fable, The Eagle and the Jackdaw, Steve made his way out to the barn again.
"I swear to you, no more tricks, no more half-truths. Let me take you to a place where I can stand before you hiding nothing."
"First they fall a few at a time then the rate increases exponentially. Hundreds upon thousands will soon fall all at once. Soon the ones untouched by this calamitous enchantment will drive themselves mad with fear and sorrow and the unknown until they completely and utterly destroy themselves.” Thor spoke with nearly a tremor in his voice at the end.
Steve and Tony were terrified now.  There was a behemoth of a ‘but’ coming and both had a very good guess as to what it was.
“Well, there was a bit more that went into it. But essentially, yes.” Tony replied. “As much as I hate to admit it, Hydra did most of the hard work. I just took what they had and perfected it.” Tony added egotistically.
But before he could completely lose himself to Tony, someone in the doorway cleared their throat.  Tony jumped away so quickly Steve felt like someone had just slapped him.
He had to destroy the core.  Unfortunately the only dumb ass move he could think of was to try to destroy it head on.  Or at the very least try to.
"Enough!" He shouted. "It's bad, but we have to keep going. I'm sure if we can just capture that fucking rabbit; we can stop most of this." He turned his attention to Tony. "Stark, I know I'm asking a lot from you, but is it possible to take control of the doom bots? Can you commandeer them?"
He turned to his team and addressed them. “Well, I think it would be a good idea to let everybody know that we all have reason to hope now. It would definitely boost everybody’s morale at this point.” He said with a painful smile.
However, that also meant that they were that much more closer to oblivion. Will this nightmare ever end?
“It’s brutal man, they’re small fry but we can hardly make any headway on them. They keep evading us and gunning down civilians. I don’t know how but they got some crazy tech on them. They already took out the Quin Jet, Falcon and War Machine. Their suits are dead. Be careful, man!” Hawkeye warned.
Everybody stiffened in slight embarrassment at Jarvis’s sudden explanation. Wanda even went a little scarlet.
"The Calvary is coming." He said aloud. "They made it; they're are awake." Not just Bruce, but the rest of his team might be coming to help.
"You knew you wanted us from the start all along! You looking for your Keystone was just complete Bullshit."
“See? You are totally in control. Now, after what happened yesterday and skimming through the journal-“
“Actually, the oldest known dildo is a siltstone twenty-centimeter phallus from the upper Paleolithic period some 30,000 years ago.” Jarvis interjected.
A/N: And so another chapter has come and gone. I really hope you all have enjoyed this chapter as I had enjoyed writing it. Don’t worry, there is still more yet to come. We all still need to figure out what ever had become of the twins, what Tony chooses to do now after finding out the truth about his parents, and how will Tony figure out how to use Calamity’s code. And don’t forget Steve on the other side just on the cusp of remembering where he came from. We have all that and more coming up, so stay tuned.
“Congratulations, you actually came to the right conclusion for once. I’m so proud of you.” Tony replied sarcastically. In his mind he was trying to come up with a good solution. Because, honestly, running into that monkey’s Strike unit had pretty much been worst-case scenario. And in that scenario, he hadn’t quite thought of a good way past yet.
“Ok, good. Listen ok. It is definitely not a piece of technology doing this. I know. Ok.” Tony stated reassuringly while maintaining eye contact.
Steve put a pin in that statement for later and continued, "But right now I have amnesia from the shell shock. I don't remember anything after the war." Steve admitted levelly.
“Unfortunately, I have so many agendas happening all at once, none could ever hope to understand my motives.” She stated as she began to run her hands up and down the Captain’s arms.
“What the hell are you doing!?” Tony practically screeched as Barnes had just clicked one day rush on a designer oven mitt, fifteen pairs of novelty sunglasses, a toilet plunger, and a ten pound bag of Jelly Belly jelly beans.
Oh yeah, he did say that didn’t he? That was before he just got his heart ripped out and smashed to pieces but you know, whatever.
“You could be recognized by not only surveillance but the people also. His face is all but unknown to them. He has a better chance of getting in and out undetected.” Wanda added.
Steve frowned. He was immensely uncomfortable at finding himself in such unfamiliar territory, completely unsure of how to proceed. So he stood there in silence until the King acknowledged his presence.
“The planet itself perhaps but not its people. I took the people, their souls. The Miigs merely encountered an uninhabited planet and plundered it for all it’s worth.”
Steve ran into the house and practically flew up the stairs. When he got to Ellie's room she was already half awake.
“Why did it have to be you? I know you are not in the best shape right now. Steve, I know what I did to you! Why isn’t any of your team helping you?” Bucky demanded with a growl.
The dark hazy fog was finally lifted from his mind and Steve was cast into the black empty void. It felt like he was falling and floating all at once.
Several hours later found our dear Captain with a headache to rival the one Thor surely has at the moment. They were heading back to the Bifrost intending to return to Earth with heaps of old scrolls and tomes in their position.
Tony knew the hell he must be going through. He had his own demons and nightmares after all. The genius nodded and waited patiently for the soldier to continue. Barnes turned the cracker in his hand over again. He lifted it to his lips intending to take a bite but then stopped, grimaced, then set the cracker back down.
Hearing her mention Stark made his heart skip a beat but he could not figure out why. He didn't get a chance to think on it as the nurse began to lead him into Peggy's room.
“I’m trying to tell them to wait before they begin infiltration.  To give our team more time, they don’t plan on waiting long however.”  He said dismally.
Johnny merely nodded and pulled all the kids to him. And he never loosened his hold even when they struggled and fought.
A/N: And there it is. All hell’s going to break loose next chapter, I guarantee it. So buckle up and stay tuned for the next chapter. I only hope I do that epic showdown justice. We still have a long way to go to the end however, my only hope is that you all journeyed to the end with me. Until the next time.
“Well, my friends this is quite a problem you have.  You are absolutely sure you have ruled out everything else?”  The Asgardian asked still thinking.
Steve was about to pull away before Tony leaned in and kissed that treacherous tear away. The sensation made him gasp. He still wanted Tony, make no mistake but this is all sorts of wrong. Tony pulled back searching his eyes.
He removed four of them, two adult coats and two children coats. He draped the largest one over Maggie.
Barnes smirked and stared at him for a moment, he rose one eyebrow then took a big gulp of scorching hot coffee.
“Cut the shit and stop playing games!” He huffed out the best he could. “You want something, what is it? Money? You can have all of it if you want, just shut the fuck up!” Tony shouted back at him. Despite his abhorrent situation his usual snark remained ever present.
They were both completely silent for a time.  The palette upon the canvases surface made a slow descent down before completely sliding off and clattering onto the floor.  The sound shocked both of them.
Iron Man’s face plate snapped open to reveal Tony’s face. Looking at his thunderous expression Steve was sure he had never seen him so furious. This was so not how he wanted the last of his life to go. He knew from experience that an angry Tony did not listen to reason. But he had to try.
“Really? You two make goo goo eyes at each other so often I just assumed, obviously I was wrong. Clint hit the nail on the head though.” She explained.
“Huh, that was quick.”  Tony blinked.  He turned swiftly to Steve.  “You stay out of it!”  He told him which earned him a glare from our fine Captain.
"I know Babydoll, your perfect." He said as tears began to slide down his face. "But I can't forget about Tony. You can't expect me to just forget about him." He stressed.
‘Priorities Steve.’ He thought to himself. Not a very good idea to get drunk under the circumstances anyway. Tony has proven the stupidity of that idea on numerous occasions.
Before Steve could even comprehend the sentiment behind the gesture an all-consuming thunderous percussion of a gunshot ring out and Bucky’s chest blew out in a rain of crimson blood. The scream of anguish that ripped through the Captain’s throat tore his vocal cords apart after a drop of blood landed on his cheek. It froze everyone on the spot and subsequently made them back away in terror.
"Not always, Babydoll." He answered tightly. "Okay, now that the dishes are done go make sure your room is tidy. After that you can go play. Just don't leave the property. After I finish some things we'll walk into town together, okay?" He said.
“Most of the intelligence community doesn’t believe he exists.  Several years ago I was escorting a nuclear engineer out of Iran, somebody shot out my tires near Odessa.  We lost control, went straight over a cliff.  I pulled us out, but the Winter Soldier was there.  I was covering my engineer.  So he shot him straight through me.”  She lifted her shirt enough to show a nasty looking scar on her abdomen.
The bot lost control of its visual sensory receptors for a short time only navigating its way using sonar and by the ruckus Captain America was deliberately making. It started regaining control of its sensors. It spotted the Captain in mere moments and with speed and accuracy, that Steve was certainly not expecting, clutched his arm in a vice. The grip started to tighten more and more to the point where Steve could feel his radius bone start to crack.
“Whoa, whoa. Whoa.  Tony we can’t leave the helicarrier.  How do you suppose we would get there?  I’m pretty sure Fury would not allow us to use one of his jets or in any other aircraft.”  Steve pointed out all concerned.  What was Tony thinking?
“Tony what are you doing here? I thought you were working on simulations.” Steve stopped mid pace genuinely surprised at Tony’s presence.
Steve looked rapidly between Tony and his drawing trying to figure out how to avoid answering or explaining what it is.  Tony started to look at him expectantly.  Uh oh, oh well.
Why was he meant to endure so much pain? He just got his heart ripped up all over again not two days ago. Wasn’t just one enough? Why did it have to happen so many more times?
This got Steve’s attention immediately.  He realized with a start that Johnny was going to tell him what had gotten his team so tight lipped the last couple weeks.
I spent a multitude of years on that dead planet alone morning my loss and my transgressions. I spent years more searching for a way to turn back time or to somehow undo what I had done. What I found instead was a truth, a lesson.
It was all he could do to keep himself from completely breaking down in misery. He had nothing but time to think about everything that had transpired to this point. He berated himself for his foolishness. He had given into Calamity too easily. It was selfish, his decision. Now he was literally at the end of his life…
It was not long before I got my real first lesson on how the universe actually operated. It was a normal day, it started like all the others had, so I did not even fathom how it was all going to change.
“She needed you to be in pain. I thought it would be best to keep you from missions so you couldn’t get hurt.”
"It hurts." He muttered in pain. "Please, Anük, please save them." He pleaded. "If they all die now there won't be anybody to retest in a few thousand years."
From his vantage point, as they swirled him higher and higher into the sky, he could see so much of the damage and chaos they created. Buildings were destroyed and on fire, bodies still lined the streets and if he was not mistaken, the Army was closing in.
A nightmare indeed! He was about to- about to-…-With a man. And not just any man, this strange mystery man that had haunted his dreams since day one.
Did Gloria and Jimmy know they were on board together? There was no record of them ever interacting. Was it a coincident that the creature chose them both or was there a reason both of them and the rest of the victims were chosen?  Was that reason connected to their awful past? Was it all random? They needed answers to theses questions and fast. Perhaps the information that Natasha and Clint had gathered would answer at least one.
A nurse stepped up to him, "Are you all right, Mr. Rogers?" She asked gently, lightly touching his shoulder. "You look a tad pale." She said.
“Uh. Please go to sleep.” He added. He leaned down quickly and gently kissed Tony’s forehead, before darting out the door to meet with Natasha.
The bot loosed its grip on Steve’s arm just enough to for the Captain to break free of it. As soon as he was free he managed to hit the bot in the head again with his shield.
“I know it’s stupid and is not like we were together and a part of me is actually glad that he’ll have someone after- after I…” He stopped as his voice was beginning to break.
She started to drag him the opposite direction to her own quarters. The Captain, relatively pliant do to mortification, had no choice but to obey. By the time they made it to her room Steve gathered his wits enough to realize he needed to make an escape.
He was pulled from his wayward thoughts as a wretched scream ripped through his own throat after Bucky wrenched his hand out of the Captain’s abdomen. Steve stared up at his long-lost friends face unmoving as Bucky used his blood soaked arm to punch him in the face.
“You want my professional opinion? I say this is the work of an alien or mutant. In which case, contacting Thor is our best bet with an alien foe. If this is the effect of a mutant then we should consider contacting Professor Charles Xavier and Dr. Hank McCoy. If there is anyone out there who knows anything about the abilities of mutants then they would be your best bet.” At the doctor’s admission, Tony and Steve looked at each other. Their thoughts were on the same wavelength.
As Tony moved out of the way and began to sip at his own cup of coffee, he absently watched the soldier prepare his cup. His idle curiosity soon morphed to morbid disgust when the soldier did not stop at two spoonfuls of sugar, as would be normal, but continue to add spoonful after spoonful until he had reached five, heaping ones at that. Bucky turned and smirked at Tony’s unconcealed revulsion.
In no time, the visage of the mysterious man that piloted the strange suit of armor manifested into view. Steve marveled at how during the last week he could not remember this man to save his life, now his hands moved as if he had drawn this man thousands of times. Somewhere deep, very deep down, he knew it to be close to the truth. He just could not for the life of him figure out how.
Originally I was going to have Sam tell him but Steve and Johnny had surprisingly developed such an odd relationship I could not help myself.
Keep in mind that I started this story way back in 2012 after the first Avengers movie came out. That being said the time line is so wonky it is pretty much no longer cannon. Its cannon adjacent. I'm still pulling elements from the other films so it's close enough.
It turns out that 74 and 75 were related. They were siblings that had been separated after a family tragedy.
“Perhaps our Captain can come with me. I may need assistance, there will be many books and scrolls to sift through.” Thor stated pensively.
Wow, ouch, that hurt a lot more than he thought it would. He shook it off quickly. He knew security would be coming to catch him shortly. He had to keep moving.
“Good.” The genius swooped down and stole another kiss before heading to the door. He turned slightly, “Good night Steve.” He said lovingly.
Calamity gently ran her fingers down the Captains left cheek and across his jaw.  She lightly ran her thumb over Steve’s bottom lip.
She walked around the room lightly touching our hero’s shoulders as she went. She lingers on Clint for a moment, grazing her hands over the bandage still present over the assassins forehead making him flinch almost violently causing Calamity to smirk. She also lingered on Tony for a moment, tracing his left ear gently before moving on. She finally came upon Fury.
While most of the Avengers were in awe over the absolutely spectacular light show, Tony's attention was honed in on a very much still alive Steve who was standing a good ten feet away. Tony tried to take a step towards him but had completely forgotten that he was still bound in a dead suit of armor. He met with resistance and began to topple over.
“Well, I’m pretty sure you know the worst of them at this point. Unless you want to know the graphic details of how I lost my virginity, then I’m good to go.” Barnes replied slyly.
Natasha and Clint had provided very detailed back grounds on most of the victims. With the added information, Tony inputted it into a special algorithm he developed to find any type of pattern or connection to the victims. He currently had JARVIS operating it searching out clues to this ominous mystery.
How did you like that? Please comment and tell me. I'd also love to hear any and all theories you may have.
Bucky despite himself fought his captors to reach for Steve in return. His right arm broken and useless lifted minutely, painfully reaching out. The agents tried to force him back but he was unmoving only continuing to reach. Steve could feel Iron Man grab the back of his neck in an attempt to subdue him. The raging torrent of utter desolate pain was unbelievable but he pressed on. His mind losing focus on everything but his brother.
Steve started to get that unsettling feeling again as he felt the body of this person move beneath him.  The way his movements pulsed sent Steve’s world off kilter enough for the soldier to disarm him.  He used his metal arm to take Steve’s shield and toss it away.  Using that movement he threw Steve off of himself and backed off enough to remove the broken dark vision wear off of his mask.  Steve was shocked to his core as the strangers piercing blue eyes settled on him.  Before Steve could process what was happening a helicopter flew over head.
“You’re a freaking jerk! It just slipped out.” Steve replied with a bittersweet smile. He could recall dozens of times where they had that exact same conversation.
"You were saying that the doctor said the baby really wants to see us." She replied. "Are you sure you're okay?" She asked again.
He liked the idea of Tony eating something he made. He wasn’t even going to stop his treacherous domestic thoughts, white flag remember.
He looked down at her iridescent black crystal fairy-like form and agreed that she did look like a little black star.
“Steve!” He turned swiftly to the familiar voice. He got a glimpse of Peggy’s smiling face before he got an arm full energetic child.
"After, they moved one town over to Carver Alabama. Subsequently various news reels, articles and polices reports tell a few different stories all seemingly contradictory in a way but I did a bit more digging and this is what I found: Soon after Bethany died George drank himself into a maddening rage.” Tony paused for a second hesitating to reveal the next part.
Steve studied the woman’s face on the screen. He started to develop one of his famous gut feelings. It was starting to tell him something that he certainly did not want to listen to…
She laughed. "I like you. You truly delight me so." She said with reverence. "Why…" She sighed. "Why did I choose you? Why did I choose your race? Why have I staked claim on the souls of the nine realms?"
He could barely muster the motivation to even move. He suppressed his emotions the best he could, then gingerly repositioned Steve's body in his arms and made the arduous, hellish flight back to the tower…
The one and only dream, as it so happens, he remembered with devastating clarity. All morning he had eagerly awaited the moment his dream would fade into nothingness as all the others had done previously, only to realize that he was now doing the breakfast dishes and he could still recall nearly every detail. Everything from the incredible colors he had witnessed in the sky to the way the man tasted and felt. The only thing that really seemed to escape him, he realized peevishly, was the man's name.
Tony started to approach him, perhaps to touch him or embrace him, he did not know. He did know that if he allowed it he would not stop. He was so scared of so many things. Steve backed away coldly and shook his head. The look of shock and pain on Tony’s face was almost too much to bear. But he had to do it this way.
Steve woke up some time later, his body incredibly sore. He felt like he went ten rounds with Joe Luise… Yep … Nope. It was definitely a Doom bot.
“And hey, when Thor comes with more information I’m sure the simulations will be far less… explosive.”  Tony ground into his hands.
Steve closed the door behind him as he emerged clean and dressed. He meandered down the stairs and helped Peggy finish the lunch and set it out. Ellie was playing on the rope swing outside. He could see her clearly from the kitchen window.
He could not bring himself to say everyone, because everyone would not be saved. Each person who had fallen into the coma may be brought out of it with his invention. Everyone could be coming out of this alive, except… Steve.
They had taken mirth in her death. Then they left. They just left her there to rot. They did not need to kill her; her death was meaningless, senseless. Her soul was gone, already disbursed back into the universal ether.
Which now that he’s had more time to think on it and calmed down a little he can see that if his team is going out of their way to completely and utterly go against his wishes then whatever is happening is beyond serious.  He sighed, thinking he probably should go apologize…  Later…  He was still rather bitter.
The Captain declared becoming somewhat excited, his brilliant tactile brain already formulating startlingly amazing strategies.
How did all of this happen? He was just a scrawny kid from Brooklyn who was too dumb to run away from a fight. Yet here he is married to the girl of his dreams with one beautiful child and another on the way.
He walked along a hallway that led to the main mass chamber and followed the gentle glow of light. When he finally walked into the massive room he found that it was illuminated by hundreds of candles along the walls. He looked around the room trying to see what he could see.
He did not know how this whole thing worked but knew there was a possibility that he needed to die for her to achieve her goals.
“Yeah it’s something.”  Tony stated nonchalantly as he managed to find a bar and pour himself and the Captain a scotch.
Were once his pain had been excruciating and unbearable now receded to numbness. He could not feel his body nor his emotions. He could not feel anything at all. Somewhere he knew he should be afraid of the numbing sensation but he could not be made to care.
“As some of you know Calamity spoke to Tony and I before…  b-before…  Well she told us there is a way to stop her.  That there is a small chance to do it.”  He looked at Tony for confirmation.
Tony viciously stamped back the harrowing tendrils of panic. He began moving quicker, his nimble fingers twisting wires, and screwing in micro mechanisms all the while dictating vocal command after vocal command, inputting the data seamlessly.
“It’s a heavy and sensitive subject, and out of everything that has happened the last few days, it seems I am in need of some real… Perspective.” Tony began.
He quickly tested his mobility then proceeded to rocket himself to the Rhododendron. The villainous bunny emitted a piercing scream until Iron Man plowed him into the earth. Tony stood up shakingly and slowly, lifting off of the Rhododendron’s unconscious form. He bailed out of the suit and fell to the ground again on his hands and knees then began to vomit.
He was situated perfectly where he could keep an eye on the driveway and keep an ear out for Ellie who was chasing butterflies and ladybugs on the other side of the yard. He would stop every ten or so strokes and listen out for her delighted laughter. He smiled warmly to himself when he would catch her singing. He continued for a few minutes more like this, scraping the metal then pausing to listen.
It’s bad enough that Steve already feels vastly inadequate, that if only he had more useful abilities, things would not have gotten so out of hand as it did.  But now he had been barred from participating in any and all incoming missions, completely banned from active duty.  That, to him, was a revoltingly low blow.
Tony and the others stared at her warily. Most of his team, he realized with a start, had begun to congregate into the crater.
His vision blurred and warped again as he heard and felt a thunderous crack. Suddenly, he was alone with Ellie again in an empty hospital. A seemingly dilapidated hospital, the walls had deep black cracks running along them.
Steve knew that one of the only ways to calm the situation was to knock out agent Barton.  He was about to make a move to do so before he saw Natasha inching closer to do the very same.  So he backed off allowing her to handle it.
“Okay.” The soldier responded. Natasha stood idly by, nothing betraying her thoughts or emotions as she watched on.
“Hey guys! How’s it hanging?” The genius spoke up. Nobody said a word. “No small talk then? It’s fine, I prefer getting down to business anyway, Jarvis?”
He groaned despairingly into his hands when he was alone. He took several deep breaths to calm himself. When he felt he had a sufficient amount of oxygen he began to replay the footages. This time, however, he watched the with absolute focus.
The more he thought it over the more a strange sensation overtook him, it was incredibly familiar. He tried to ignore it in favor of pondering his conversation with Tony.
Steve said nothing. What could he say? What’s done is done. That still did not stop trepidation from washing over him like a tidal wave. He knew Tony was just getting started.
Bucky ran a hand through his hair and took a deep breath. “I know I can do this.” He said again a little less forceful but no less confident. “I refuse to be Hydras prisoner any longer. They’ve controlled my actions for far too long. They will not control my decision in this.” He clutched at his shirt over his heart. “I refuse to continue to be paralyzed by the fear and hate Hydra created within me. I will not be a useless lump on the floor while everyone else is putting everything on the line to fight this fight.” He looked up at Tony, suddenly making eye contact. “There’s no way in hell I’m taking a backseat for this.” He smirked.
“Come on Cap I think it’s time for us to go grab a little bit of grubb.”  Tony suggested grabbing Steve’s long forgotten sketch pad off of his lap and setting it aside.  Instead of arguing like he wanted to, after all that last simulation was pretty nightmare inducing, he followed along obediently. There was just something about the look on Tony’s face.
It was monumentally refreshing.  The wind in his hair and the increase of his heart rate was exhilarating.  He had been on a type of house arrest the last week while he healed.  It was horrible.  But now there was nothing between him and the open road.  Well maybe a bunch of cars and people and stuff but the point was he was outside and no one could say otherwise.
“On second thought I’m glad you’re here. I may or may not have broken the coffee pot down here about 3 hours ago, so I need you to get me some coffee. Some glorious liquid heaven, yeah?” Tony looked at Steve in anticipation all the while still smirking.
Clint began laughing like a madman. “Yeah? Figures. I do like how she pretty much had you folded up like a pretzel yesterday.”
Shaking his head rapidly trying to rid himself of those dangerous thoughts, he flipped his drawing over and started to seek out Tony only to find the asinine genius staring intently at him.  The moment they made eye contact Tony gave him the most obnoxious smile he could muster.
He gulped audibly and splashed his face again. He desperately tried to gain control of his rapid breathing and his wildly beating heart.
At hearing that there had been yet another case just in the last hour, the billionaire sprang to the nearest computer and pulled up the stats. Steve followed close behind him. The computer showed that there had indeed been another case which now makes 54. Bruce approached at the back of them.
Clearly, he exists in some form. And how in the hell on God's green earth did he end up having an affair with Howard's son of all people?
He approached the church timidly. He was happy to see that it was the very same one and still standing proudly. He inhaled deeply then exhaled sharply as he reached for the crystal doorknob. He turned it and his heart nearly leapt through his throat when it clicked open. He slowly entered not wanting to disturb any inhabitants seeking solace so late at night.
So this chapter was the tail end of twelve. But I cut it off to make twelve shorter. It stands alone nicely be itself though. Without any further ado, here’s thirteen.
Iron Man analyzed how large the mother must be and concluded that if it wanted entry into this world the portal would need to be much larger and he was damned if he was going to let that happen.
“Mr. Stark!” Tony jolted out of his dark thoughts as one of the doctors bounded into the room. “I see you prepared the tables. Efficient as always.” Dr. Davidson stated briskly as she prepared a few of the surrounding monitors to display the Soldiers scans of his shoulder taken just an hour ago.
He switched the video footage to Jimmy and pushed play. It depicted Jimmy talking to a group of agents. He was cracking jokes and the others laughed. Then something caught his attention for a moment.
As far as Tony knew the twins had been getting along fine with the remainder of the Avengers. Tony had locked himself away shortly after coming to and had little to no interactions with them, but from what Jarvis told him they were fitting in well enough.
Tony quickly but deftly began to remove the restraints. After the soldier was thoroughly unbound, Tony began to remove the medical equipment carefully. They were mostly monitoring systems but there were a few IVs that Tony felt reluctant to remove.
He showed what it felt like to wake up in a world vastly different than the one he left behind. He was so lost and afraid and his hell became worse when he found himself completely and utterly alone. He showed her what it was like to finally have a new mission, a new team and a new family. He showed her all of the horrible things he’s had to witness in these modern times including everything that was happening with Calamity. He shared with her his deep sorrow over learning he was the keystone and everything that represents.
Steve was also pleased to note that the added weight he was carrying was not stressing out his injuries too much.
He could not believe the twists and turns the last month had taken. It did not escape him how he had premonitions of this very scenario not three days ago. How this was the very thing he feared most after everything that had happened with Barnes. Unfortunately, this living nightmare was about to get infinitely worse.
He brought up what appeared to be a holographic nervous system on display, a neurological representation, if you will.
"Daddy, please stop talking that way." She began to cry. "Of course, you know me, I'm Eleanor Stark, your daughter." She said through her tears.
The kicker? It definitely came from within the room, the sealed Super Duper meeting room, where there had only been eight individuals for the last four hours. Now there are nine.
Steve nodded and smiled. He had already recognized the similarities. The fact that Howard Stark is the only person in the world that could have the capacity to create such advanced technology did not escape him either. But somehow, he knew without a shadow of a doubt that this man was not Howard.
Tony looked at him exasperated. Really, he was not expecting Barnes to come around. At least not so soon. Now that he was here the genius did not know quite what to do with him. Sure, they needed to finish calibrating the painkilling device and eventually get a full body scan completed. Then they needed to talk about what their options were regarding replacing the soldiers arm. Unfortunately, there was much they needed to do to work up to that point. Diving right in is what kind of fucked everything up the last time.
He continued,”All of this, (gesturing to the printed information in his hands) should not be physically possible. From what I can tell this thing is definitely not a virus. I’m assuming it does not have a technical origin either.” He stated. A slight questioning tone directed at Tony.
Everyone left the room one by one.  Steve stood still solemnly for a moment going over Thor’s last words over and over in his head.  No cure.  That would mean 75 people forever bound being…  It felt almost hopeless.  The thing they could do now is to do everything in their power to prevent that number from increasing any higher.
“Draw stuff from your past or something.  It’ll keep you occupied while I do some work.”  Tony said while quickly flashing his billion dollar smile before turning to the work table to converse with Jarvis about his various programs.
Everybody seemed to stiffen in fear. The genius could swear he saw his life flash before his eyes. She was about to reach for him, but Steve caught her wrist in a vice, his expression was severe and he growled in warning.
Steve needed a break. Seriously like right now. He had been staring at a computer screen for the last several hours nonstop. His body viciously reminding him that his aching, healing body needs to eat.
In the past, he had seen her leave Tony’s living quarters in such a state of disarray, back when she and Tony were in a relationship together. He was not so naïve or deluded to not know what had transpired between Pepper and Tony this evening.
He had finally gotten that chance with Bucky. Though there is still much unsettled between them the most important ones had been addressed. He knew what it meant for both of them. He then thought about how there was so much he wanted to tell Peggy but never got the chance. There was so much left unsaid that it festered in his heart for years.
Steve wondered idly what those were. Well if they had anything to do with the reason Tony was adamant on keeping him on house arrest, then he was going to punch that bastard in the face.
He was shocked when a pair of warm arms enveloped him, startling him out of his misery. He was about to shove the intruder of his personal space away but when he looked up and saw that Barnes hadn't moved from his spot on his desk, then got a glimpse of fiery red hair, he relented.
Scott and Coulson were in the rec room in a deep discussion about a movie series he hadn’t seen yet. He quickly knocked out Scott first. If he had time to get into his suit and shrink he’d never catch him. Coulson drew his gun quickly but paused when he realized the threat was Steve. The Captain used his confusion to his advantage and knocked out Coulson. He grabbed Coulson’s shield radio to tune into any updates on the team going after Bucky. Jarvis sent out an alert. He quickly meandered through the halls and grabbed his shield from the specific place he left it and took his emergency backpack and headed back to the room that he set up his easel.
Steve pulled Tony's warm body to his own, one arm looping perfectly behind the small Tony's back and the other hand grazing his beard before burying itself into his dark locks, clutching the back of his head. Steve gently tugged Tony's head back, giving him the perfect angle to claim the genius's lips. Oh, and claim them he did.
Steve truly loved him. He turned the page quickly desperate to get to the bottom of the mystery. It said nothing about why he left, however. If Steve truly loved him as he said, then why did he leave? Why go to such lengths to betray him if this was truly how he felt? Tony tried to think back, try to think of anything that could have led to all this. As he thought back he did come to realize one sickening point.
Everyone, Tony included, watched with bated breath as she hooked her fingers around a concealed chain and tugged it out of his shirt. She tentatively slipped it over his head then held it up to inspect it. It was the flash drive she had given him all those weeks ago. The one that held the nearly impossible code.
“I know it’s difficult for you to trust anybody with something so important to you, please…” He whispered not willing to shattered the moment. He leaned in and pressed a tender kiss to his lips as if to seal his promise. He pulled away slightly. “Please trust me.” His voice was near a whisper.
Within just a few minutes, their drinks had finally arrived.  The waiter had set down the house beer in front of Tony and then had proceeded to set down a large glass of purple and yellow lemonade.  Tony eyed the glass with wide fascinated eyes.
“Yes, I’m beginning to see that. Though ‘adorable’ isn’t quite the word I would use, but alright.” Tony smiled mischievously. “This is your favorite joint, you say? I didn’t know multimillionaires frequented the local coffee shop for the common nine-to-five. How very
“Does he though?” Steve asked, in a broken voice. “Does he really? Or does he love the idea of me? Does he love Steve Rogers, wealthy heir to the Rogers fortune, or does he love
? So weak.” He spit out, with a disgusted look on face, before he aimed another punch to Steve’s gut.
“Are you ready? Feel prepared enough?” Steve asked Tony as they made their way to the elevator. Tony was being interviewed today, on personal request from Steve. He was sure that Tony would pass with flying colors.
“Amazing,” Steve sighed contentedly. “We’ve gone on a few dates, and I just keep finding more interesting things about him,” he said with a smile. “I think this could really turn into something, Nat.”
Tony turned to look at Steve, who was sitting with his back to the wall. He had rolled his sleeves up to his elbows, and was gazing at Tony with a relaxed smile on his face.
“Yeah,” Tony said, calming down a little. “So no, I don’t want your money, Steve. I don’t want your donations, like what you’re doing for those hospitals. It’s all performative. You people feel guilty about your money and then you try to reduce it by throwing money at things. I don’t want it!” Tony looked away as he tried to compose himself.
“I’ll get us some more drinks,” Natasha said, rolling her eyes as she got up and motioned for Steve to come along. Steve looked at her, puzzled for a moment before following her. He sighed when he saw his bodyguard coming along, though keeping a respectable distance. It was like a constant shadow hovering around him.
“Think about it. You’ll have more control over the company than before. And because of that, more power. Now you can resent that power, or you can look at the bright side, and use it to your advantage. Use your influence to better things. You want to change the world? Then do it - with the help of your position. Change the stuff that you have resented for so long,” Sarah explained.
“I don’t want your help!” Tony shouted angrily. “I don’t want you to see me as some poor helpless loser who needs help every step of the way. That’s not who I am, and that’s not who I wish to be. Good lord, that’s all that your kind of people see, huh? How rich you are, and how poor other people are, that’s all you people care about. It’s all that people cared about at my college as well,” he said, getting more frustrated by the minute. “I was the ‘charity case’,” he said the words with distaste. “I was only ‘the scholarship kid,’ the one that got in through a charity program. That was what I was known for. Not for my projects, no one cared that I aced every single class I took. No, it was whether I would be able to stay on campus. Whether my scholarship would sustain me. And it didn’t, did it? Some people pitied me, they looked at me like I would break down any second. Others taunted me.” He continued, though his eyes were somewhere else. “I don’t know which was worse.”
A boy who looked about eleven years old, glanced up from his bed with a smile on his face. He looked tired, with a sallow face and dark circles under his eyes. But his eyes still had a gleam in them and his smile was still infectious. So much so that Steve found himself smiling along with him.
Tony burst out laughing as he flopped back down on the bed. “You’re so bad at this game!” he teased Steve. “Like, ridiculously bad. Are you sure you graduated top of your class?” he asked, trying to keep a serious expression. “Sounds fake to me.”
“Like, should you say it as soon as you start catching feelings? Or do you wait until it’s, like, really really serious,” Natasha explained. “Clint and I think it’s really not that big of a deal. It doesn't have to mean anything, you know, permanent. Just say it like you would say anything else.” She continued, before looking at Steve. “But Steve here feels the exact opposite. He’s like, it has a sacred meaning. You can’t just say it casually.” Natasha tried to mimic Steve’s voice, but it just came across like a parent lecturing their child.
Steve sat on the side of the bed in the dark, his phone in one hand, his head in the other, and a distraught expression on his face. His mind was racing, coming up with different possibilities. Could he go to the cops? Could he risk Tony getting hurt because of it? Could he risk Tony’s
Afterwards Steve was walking back to his office, mulling over what Tony had said. He wasn’t doing this to make himself better, was he? That was not him, he refused to be that person. He refused to be his
save everyone. You can’t help some people, and that is fine,” he stressed. “And you need to be able to accept that.” He poked Steve in the chest. “Stop trying to be the hero all the time.”
“No,” Steve said simply. He wasn’t going to tarnish his father’s legacy and put all his employees in jeopardy at the hands of this madman.
“Tony! Over here!” Steve called out, with a wave of his hand. His friends were meeting at their regular bar for drinks, and Steve had decided, on impulse, to invite Tony. What made him do it, he had no idea. Tony plainly was not a huge fan of his world, but Steve wanted this. He wanted Tony to know more about his life, he wanted to introduce Tony to his friends. He suddenly felt a little nervous. What if his friends don’t like Tony? What if Tony doesn’t like them? He realized that this was important to him - he wanted the guy to get along with his friends. Why was he getting so nervous?
Steve got up from his bed for the hundredth time. He knew he had to do something, and do it fast. He looked at the clock. Thirty minutes had already passed, and he was still close to doing nothing. Ninety minutes left.
. Not exactly a bad thing!” Steve countered, equally loud. He was getting angrier by the second. “Wow.” He laughed humorlessly. “Like,
Steve reached the entrance and hesitated a little, before turning to look at Tony. “Well, my car is waiting. So… I’ll see you around?” It came out as more of a question.
“For what?” The guy scoffed. “Jeez, I know you’ve been standing here for about two hours now, but you don’t need to apologize to me. That’s ridiculous,” he added quietly. “Everyone grieves differently.”
Steve allowed a small smile. “Yes, well, sorry about that. I just got lost in my thoughts. I do that sometimes.” He sighed, turned around, and replaced the flowers with the new ones from his hand. “Oh, and um, I’m sorry, by the way.”
Steve’s nurse suddenly turned to look at him. “Oh, I almost forgot.” She grinned at him. “Your father has arranged a private screening of the latest Star Wars movie for you! Right here in the hospital! That’ll cheer you right up, won't it? Come on, let’s go!” she said enthusiastically, as she helped him into the wheelchair.
“How do I know you won’t trick me? You’ll just capture me and refuse to release him. How do I know I can trust you?” Steve asked a little frantically.
As he exited the building, he realized it had started drizzling a little. It would probably start raining harder soon, he surmised. How perfect. Just in time for Tony to come back to his apartment, like a welcome shower. Tony had always loved the rain. He had figured that out from the number of times Tony had dragged him outside when it had started raining, only for them to get soaking wet. Tony rejoiced in it. He himself had never been fond of rain, but did it anyway just to see that specific emotion that would enter Tony’s eyes when he danced in the rain.
Steve gave directions to the cab driver to park the car three blocks away from the given address. He had to go there alone, after all. He paid for the ride, turned around and started walking slowly, feeling like he was literally walking towards his death. Which, in a way he was, he concluded. It had started raining in full force, and he hadn’t brought an umbrella in a hurry. So he walked along the footpath getting soaked in the rain, but feeling completely numb towards it. He looked around a little. He was somewhere on the outskirts of the city and the place was completely deserted, with only the howl of the wind to keep him company. The street lights flickered over his head. Some of them weren’t even functional. As he walked along, a deserted structure became visible on his left and he took a sharp breath. That must be the place, he thought. He started walking towards it, gaining a little purpose in his step, all thoughts of fear suddenly forgotten. The place looked absolutely ghostly, it looked like a one-storey structure, with no paint on the outside and no window-frames visible. It was as if they had halted construction in the middle, gone away and had never come back. It somehow
“That’s not what...is that really why you think I’m doing this? To make myself feel better?” Steve asked incredulously.
Sarah Rogers sat on a couch in the living room, engrossed in reading a book. She had her feet tucked under her, with a cup of hot cocoa on the coffee table. Steve walked in with a frown on his face, stress lines visible on his face. He had been trying to keep it together, he really had. But he wanted to talk to somebody. He wanted somebody to tell him that he really had made the right decision in accepting his father’s offer. And who better to confide in, than his mother? Ever since he was little, his mother had always been his guiding force, his confidante, his happy place. He had a special relationship with his mother, one that felt purer, more sacred to Steve than the one with his father. He felt at times that maybe his father resented what he had with his mother. After all, it was his mother that he would turn to first whenever he had a problem. But his mother had flaws that infuriated him as well. More specifically, it was her willingness to turn a blind eye to his father’s flaws. The readiness with which she would agree to whatever he proposed irritated him. Why couldn’t she just tell his father off? But no, it was
“I know! I know, alright?” Mrs. Barnes shouted, then lowered her voice. “Just… give me a few more days,” she said with a tired voice. “Please,” she added, helplessly. She strode over to Bucky’s bed, and put her hand on his forehead, trying to hide her tears. Bucky looked at her with a pained expression on his face.
“Sure. Let’s see how long that lasts,” she said smirking, before they made their way back, where Tony and Bruce were still talking excitedly about the work Bruce was doing.
“We were talking about this before you came along. And I’m really interested to hear your opinion. What do you think is the perfect time to say those three magic words?” Clint asked Tony.
Steve looked out the window. It had started raining a little. The windows were fogging up with the heat from the fireplace, and he could see his blurry reflection in it. He used to hate the rain. Really despise it. He hated the cold that that kind of weather brought. But Tony loved it. If it was raining when they would go out, Tony’s mood got a little better, his smile a little bigger. He would look up to the sky, letting the drops of rain wet his face. He would give a contented sigh, and breath in the smell of the rain. Steve would stare, mesmerized. He would think that there wasn’t a sight more beautiful than that. Subconsciously, he had also started to like the rain, on account of Tony. Was that even possible? he thought. Can years of habit just change because of one person? Well, if someone could do it, it was Tony, he thought fondly.
Most of what Tony said went over Steve’s head, but he sat there, taking in everything Tony was saying, documenting his every facial expression. It was glorious to witness. After Tony was finished, he sat back with a satisfied smile, though Steve was still staring at him, dumbfounded.
“Yeah, that’s great. Good luck with that,” Tony said, in a tone which suggested he did not believe Steve at all.
“Yeah…” Steve replied, suddenly feeling sleepy. “I’ll be fine.” He waved off Bucky’s concern, a yawn on his face. Bucky always fussed over Steve so much. Like an overprotective older brother, he thought fondly.
Steve’s gaze passed over the bedroom and landed on a model rocket perched on the bedside table. He remembered Tony being excited to build it, and explaining to Steve the ins and outs of it. But that wasn’t all, Tony had wanted to build a life-sized version of it and Steve had looked at him strangely then. But now Steve desperately hoped that he would do so. It was funny how things suddenly came into perspective when faced with certain death, he thought suddenly. He took one look around, before switching off the lights and leaving the room.
“Is that what you still think of me? Steve, this is called business. I’m not leeching off of anyone. This job is ruthless. You do what you have to do to get to the top. That’s your goal. And I took all the shit I went through and turned it into something worthwhile, just for you! Just so you can have a better life. A better job. Just so you can go to the best business school in the country. Just so you’ll be prepared thoroughly for this job. So that you don’t have to go through what I went through.” Joseph’s voice was hoarse. He had tears running down his face.
in my face about it! The same man whom I had supported for years, laughed and dismissed me! Do you know what that feels like? Do you know the lengths I’ve had to go to survive?”
“Is there a problem?” Steve asked, frowning. He looked at the barista before glancing at Tony worriedly.
Steve took a deep breath and made up his mind. Okay, he was going to do this. He was going to do exactly what his mother told him - he was going to try to make the best of the situation. He was going to make things better in the company, make things better for the people there, and for himself. He was not going to end up like his father.
very dearly. I’ve loved you for a while now, but I wanted to wait until the perfect moment, and now it won’t ever come. Stupid me.” He smiled sadly, before whispering, “I love you so much. The time I spent with you was the best of my life, and I never once regretted it. And… I hope you didn’t as well. I’m so sorry I got you into this mess. It’s my fault, I know. But I’m going to fix it. I’m going to make everything better, Tony. And I hope you can find it in yourself to forgive me. Please forgive me.” His voice was barely a whisper as he ended the call, and he let out loud cries as he slid to the floor.
After making introductions, Steve kissed Tony and wished him good luck. He still couldn’t believe he could kiss Tony now, just like that. He had wanted to do it for so long, he thought with a smile as he made his way to his own office.
“Don’t you worry about that. I know some very powerful people who’ll handle it,” Gerard smirked. “You’re weak, Steve. You’re a weak man. You care too much. Even your father thought so. He told me so himself.”
As he turned into the compound, he suddenly became aware of somebody behind, following him. His body tensed up and he fought the urge to abruptly turn around. But as he was thinking of confronting them, his vision went dark and his hands were captured.
, Steve said to himself, trying to free the knot. He could see Gerard’s finger on the trigger, but just as he was about to pull it, shouts came from outside.
Sarah looked shocked for a minute before getting up and hugging her son. She hugged him tightly, and he held on like his life depended on it.
“Can they even do that? Is that even allowed?” Steve said angrily. How did he not know more about Tony’s job? He should have asked before.
Sarah looked at Steve for a long time, with a consoling expression on her face which Steve absolutely hated.
“Where’s Tony? Let him go right now!” He tried to put a little force in his voice, but his vulnerable state was not lost on him. There was only so much he could do.
Steve rolled his eyes a little. What did a kidnapper’s ‘word’ amount to anyway? Nevertheless, he hadn’t missed the use of the plural
“Am I though?” Gerard said. “You could end this right now by signing the damn thing, but you want to suffer...for what? For
. Look, we’ve even prepared for it and everything,” the guy answered and Steve immediately got a photo from him. It was Tony sitting near what looked like a store entrance. He was tied up still and looked distraught, but there was a fire in his eyes that let Steve know he hadn’t given up yet.
Steve grimaced a little. “Yeah, that’s him,” he muttered. “Well, I’ve taken over the business now. It’s been interesting. I’m trying to bring some positive changes.”
different. It was the one-year anniversary of the day when he was traumatized forever, when his world changed, when responsibility came crashing down on his head, when he suddenly became one of the most important people in the world, when, when, when. There were a lot of ‘when’s that happened that day. But the worst one, he surmised, was when he lost his parents forever. It was when he became an orphan. It still hurt, he realized with a jolt. It still hurt in his heart, physically. There was a painful ache that would never go away. More ache for his mother rather than his father, but an ache nonetheless.
“Okay,” Steve said, getting back on his bed. “Want to play some video games?” he asked excitedly, suddenly sitting up. He started quickly combing through his hospital bag. “My dad bought these two new ones recently! They’re so cool, you’ll love them,” he promised, bouncing in his bed a little.
Steve peered at the menu displayed above the barista’s head, wondering what to pick. Why did they have to make the letters so small, he thought with an annoyed expression on his face, as he tried to make out the names of the available beverages. He was bad at deciding this kind of stuff, and that coupled with his intense ‘fear of missing out’ on an amazing food dish that he’ll never get to try, meant that you had someone who took an inordinate amount of time picking something. He was starting to get nasty glares from people around him, which just made him more flustered.
“By the way, I’ve already had the double cappuccino from this place many times,” Steve said, his tone suddenly becoming somber.
“Wh-What?” Tony spluttered. “I think he’s… cool?” It came out as more of a question. Tony glanced nervously at Steve.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.” Steve said innocently and they both grinned at each other before sipping their coffees.
Steve shook his head and let out a short laugh. “No, not about that, about-” Steve waved his hands and looked around, “Here. This place. You’re here. So, I’m sorry. For whoever you lost.”
They had stopped walking now, and turned to look at each other. People around them threw glances their way, and Steve was sure it would be in the tabloids tomorrow. But he didn’t care at that moment. He had to try.
“Steve, wait a minute.” Someone stopped him. He turned around to see Margaret, one of the board members, along with Gerard. Both sported disapproving faces.
“You.” Steve managed to speak. “I - How could you!” The first thing that came out of his mouth was an accusation, and hurt at the betrayal. This was the person he had trusted for years. This was the person his father had trusted. And here he was, with no sign of guilt and no remorse on his face. “What do you want?” Steve breathed out.
Steve chuckled a little before saying, “Good morning to you too.” He raised his hand with what looked like great effort and started playing with Tony’s hair. “How long was I out?”
. And he was going to do everything in his power to get Tony back. Even so, he was scared of what that might mean. He would probably die, he knew that. Whoever the kidnappers were, they were unlikely to free Steve after getting what they wanted. He would never see his friends again. He would never see
There were multiple people involved, then. It wasn’t a single fool wanting to make a quick buck. No, this felt bigger. He just hoped he would be able to save Tony in time.
Steve let out a short laugh in between his tears. He had been barely keeping it together all this time, but on hearing Tony’s voice, he couldn’t contain it anymore. The dam broke. He let out huge sobs and when he heard the beep, he quickly tried to regain composure. He had stuff to say to Tony. He couldn’t do it if he was crying.
“You don’t have the upper hand here Steve,” the guy sneered, laughing a little. “I do. So you don’t get to make deals. Now you better get here quickly, you don’t have a lot of time left. Chop chop.” With that, the guy hung up.
“No! I mean, no, it’s fine, we can go and sit down,” Steve said, hopeful. “I mean, if that’s what you want,” he added quickly.
people behind him, not one. One of them dragged something in front of him, and it was only when they forced him to sit that he realized it was a chair. They tied up his hands with another rope, and also tied up his legs for good measure, but Steve rolled his eyes at that. He had come here willingly. Where was he gonna go? There was no need for all that, but instead of voicing his protest, he asked something else.
Tony looked at him strangely. “If I didn’t know you any better, I’d think you were interacting with the world for the first time.”
“Enough of that,” Clint suddenly said. “Tony, here’s a question for you.” He directed his attention towards Tony who looked a little taken aback. “Um, yes?”
“Thanks Tony. I… really appreciate it,” Steve said, getting emotional. A key to Tony’s apartment, he thought. He felt giddy all of a sudden. This was really happening, wasn’t it? Tony had trusted him with something so valuable. Looking at Tony’s face, Steve could see it was clearly important to him. It was important to Steve as well. He was going to cherish it forever.
“Don’t get me wrong, it might be a wonderful thing. But it feels like people who throw these events just want another reason to pat themselves on the back. To congratulate themselves. To gain good publicity and press. It’s not about helping someone else,” Tony pointed out. “It’s another way to increase your power. It’s a way for the elite to show off. The money donated is just a byproduct, not the primary reason you do it. And hey, I’m not discrediting that. You do what you have to do. Just don’t try to act like it’s something it’s not. Take it from me.” Tony stressed the last part, and Steve knew he was talking about the scholarship.
“Oh, bummer!” Steve whined with a disappointed voice as he opened his eyes. “Well, we’re already in the US. Guess no vacation for us.” He shrugged with a shake of his head.
Steve looked at the time once again. Thirty minutes left for him to reach the place they wanted. He had done everything he could think of, and now it was time to end this. To get Tony to safety. He looked around Tony’s apartment again and really absorbed everything. His gaze passed over the living room and landed on a globe of the world sitting on a table. Involuntarily, a smile spread across his face as he remembered a game that he and Tony used to play. It had been foolish, but Steve had indulged Tony, and he had the feeling that Tony had done the same. He suddenly desperately wished he could go back, but instead turned around to leave. He did not have any more time to waste. He took out a key from his pocket and looked closely at it. It was the key to Tony’s apartment. The key which Tony himself had given him one night. He had trusted Steve with it and that had been one of the best days of his life. He smiled a little sadly as he took the key and put it on the key holder near the door. He wasn’t going to need it anymore, he realized. He probably would never even step foot in Tony’s building again. It was best to leave it there in the apartment. He switched off the lights and without looking back, because he knew he would break down if he did, closed the door behind him.
, he thought to himself. Tony didn’t deserve this. He had been through enough. He had overcome stuff that would cripple others, and he had done it without getting anyone’s help, though Steve disapproved of that. Tony only deserved happiness in his life. Then why was life so cruel to him?
“I would make the decision faster if you piped down,” Steve countered. “But I think that’s impossible, so…” Steve shook his head, as if it was the worst thing in the world.
“Steve, let it go. It’ll be fine,” Bucky said quietly. Steve looked at him. He had an unreadable expression on his face, and Steve’s heart ached for him.
. Find someone who cares for you. Don’t wallow over me.” Steve rested his head back on the wall, no energy left in him. But he had one more thing to say. “And I can’t believe I’d never get to say this in person. But I love you, Tony. I love you
Steve’s heart lurched as he saw the photo, and he suddenly felt tears prickling his eyes, but he held himself back. He typed out a message furiously -
“Steve tells us you’re some sort of galaxy-brained genius?” Bruce interjected, trying to change the subject. Tony gave him a grateful smile.
preparing for his death. If it was any other time, he would have found it funny. He would have told it to Tony, and Tony would have made up some sort of joke about it. Both of them would have laughed. Instead, he was all alone, trying to hold back tears. He glanced at the clock once again. Seventy-five minutes left. He needed to hurry.
“You did what?” Steve’s voice was barely a whisper. Rage started filling him suddenly. He couldn’t contain it any longer. “You did
that had to make the compromise every time. It was Steve that she expected it from. She probably didn’t even realize what she was doing, he thought. But regardless of his irritation towards her, he loved her dearly. Because she loved him dearly too, no matter how flawed that love might be.
“No it’s just...that’s what you people do, right? You throw money at things to try to make yourself feel better,” Tony said bitterly.
“If you had enough money, what would you do in my place?” Steve repeated. “Or more specifically, what would you build?” he said, chuckling.
“And why not?” Sarah countered, and sat up straighter, putting her book down to look at Steve better. “On the contrary, I think taking over the company is
“About two days,” Tony answered, trying to stay angry but failing. “You didn’t have any critical injuries. Thank god we found you when we did.”
“And…” Tony leaned it towards Steve’s ear and lowered his voice to a whisper. “I love you too…” He tried to stop there, but couldn’t help himself. “...
He willed himself to calm down as his mind brought up one horrible scenario after the other. He was staring at his will for the last couple of minutes. His name, printed in big bold letters, stared right back. There was a certain morbid irony to it all, he thought to himself - looking at the piece of paper that would be used after his death, while he was
Steve was quiet for a moment, as he tried to find what to say. “I...didn’t realize you felt so strongly about this.”
He wanted to stay there forever. But after a few minutes he got up and washed his face. Sixty minutes left. It was time to go. He flicked off the light in his bedroom, closed it and walked out.
“Well,” Tony thought. “If it’s for the children’s wing of the hospital as you say, then I would love to build a bot that would, like, work as an assistant. Do stuff that the sick kids there find difficult to do.” He started getting excited as he explained his idea. “The bot might also help lift their spirits up, kind of like a friend, you know? Oh! And also…” Tony continued, as he animatedly started talking.
Steve was glad he had started talking so animatedly with his friends. If there was anything Tony could talk about forever - it was science. Steve had found that out over hours spent trying to decipher what Tony meant, and Tony patiently trying to dumb it a little down for him. But Steve loved how smart and how passionate about his work he was. He loved the way he moved his hands as he talked about his latest idea. He looked around the table with something like pride at how impressed everyone was with Tony.
“Well, I mostly just pick up my order and leave. A lot of work to do, you know,” Steve explained but then hastily added, “But it’s not like I don’t sit here as well. I do that once in a while too, just like now.” He glanced at Tony before quickly looking down.
“Oh! I almost forgot. I wanted you to have this,” he said, turning back to face Steve, with a key in his hand. A key to his apartment. “This is all yours, Your Highness.” He bowed dramatically before giving it to Steve.
“Oh, I know who you are now.” Tony pointed at the inscriptions on the headstones. “The Rogers family right? Super wealthy, mega successful business tycoon, who died in an accident last year? You must be his son… ” Tony eyed Steve top to bottom. “I heard your father was the first billionaire
, he chided himself. He ran his hands across his face in hopes of refreshing himself, but they came off wet. He looked at them in shock. He had started crying without realizing, and he never cried.
“Now, Steve. Calm down, you’ll hurt yourself,” The nurse scolded him as she brought his wheelchair to the bed. Steve didn’t look better himself. At ten years old, he was severely underweight, and looked pale. It wasn’t anything new for him, he had been in the hospital several times now, owing to his severe asthma, which had taken a toll on him. Whenever he would be discharged, Steve knew that he would be right back in a few weeks, but he didn’t care. As long as he had his friend with him, he was fine. He wearily got up and slumped down on the hospital bed. He looked towards Bucky’s bed on the other side of the room and smiled. He had befriended the boy ever since both of them had become regulars at the hospital. Bucky was there for his leukemia, which he was getting chemotherapy for. His parents had wanted to get a private room, but Steve insisted on sharing it whenever Bucky was present.
could come up with a cooler story.” He let out a sigh before changing the subject. He didn’t want to talk about that. “Keep working hard, okay? Fuel your passion. Never lose that. Do it for me, okay? Remember all the talks we had about all the stuff you wanted to build? Do it all. I want you to do it all. And just…
care about this so much.” Steve emphasized the ‘I’ and pointed at himself. “That’s not why I want to do this. I want to help them! I don’t care about the publicity. And so what if other people do? The morals involved might be different, but they are still helping at the end of the day, right? Someone’s still getting the money, right? What’s so wrong with that?” Steve countered.
“Whoa, we aren’t… I mean, he’s just my friend,” Steve said quickly, but a blush creeping up his neck betrayed him.
“I don’t care! This isn’t the way!” Steve shouted. His hands had started aching from trying to pick at the knot, but he kept going.
“Well, I think you’re as close to royalty as it gets on this side of the pond. So it seemed only appropriate,” Tony teased.
Tony grinned at his friends and gave a small wave. After all introductions were done, Tony sidled into the booth alongside Steve.
“And just so you know,” the person on the phone continued. “He isn’t at the address I sent you. So you better not try any funny business,” he warned.
“Since when was this a competition?!” Steve was flabbergasted. “You can’t just make up stuff on the fly, that’s
. He would forever regret it if he didn’t. He also wanted to hear Tony’s voice one last time, even if it was a voicemail. Tony’s recorded voice came through and Steve’s knees nearly gave in.
“I know, just please give me some more time. I’ll have the money, I promise,” she said defeatedly, as if she had been in this situation many times before.
Gerard flicked his wrist, indicating his captors to leave them alone. They were big burly men, Steve would have stood no chance against them had he tried to escape. After they were gone, Gerard leaned it conspiratorially towards Steve, his hands on the arms of the chair.
“Relax. You survived, didn’t you? I thought, maybe it’ll be better. You obviously didn't want the job. Why would you care about something as boring as that? But then you decided to go and
“Go on a date with me,” he said suddenly, interrupting Tony. He was a little nervous, but he knew what he wanted. He wasn’t sure about a lot of things, but he was damn sure he wanted this.
The scholarship had run out, and he had had to drop out of college, Steve knew that much. His heart suddenly ached for Tony. How he wished he could help him. Steve wanted nothing more in that moment than to provide Tony with the resources he needed, just so he could see that excited gleam in his eye again. But judging from Tony’s previous outburst, Steve had the feeling that Tony would just get angry again, though he didn’t know why. He was just trying to help Tony. What was so wrong with that? He sighed and looked down at his phone when it buzzed. Gerard again, he thought irritatedly. He wanted Steve’s sign off on the donation amount. But Steve wasn’t completely sure about it. The charitable action felt so…
“So , anyways” Clint started “ we got food, do you want salad or cheeseburgers?” and Tony made a face at him as if to say ‘ are you dumb?’
He nodded “yeah. He should be okay. As long as we he stays put for a while. He is going to need a lot of rest to allow his body to recuperate.”
He knew they needed to talk, sort out their issues but what Steve really liked about Bruce is that he was always mature in handling things. Never was brash.
“They are very cool" he said and Steve pushed him back gently backwards until he was laying down and Steve hovered over him , keeping his weight off of him.
“I am perfect , thank you" he said politely but then turned to glare at Steve as the doctor chuckled. He leaned back against the door frame and shrugged his shoulders at Tony apologetically.
Turned out that tony did have a mild concussion and his left wrist was sprained and he had some characteristic bruises across his torso.
“remember what the doctor said Tony, you can’t raise your arms like that for a while" clint told him and Tony stuck his tongue raising it even higher. Steve quickly caught the flailing arm and trapped it in his hold while Tony struggled weakly until he gave up, which took all of two seconds.
"What the hell!" He exclaimed, he was panting lightly ,his cheeks had gone a scarlett red that made Steve's heart tingle.
“I haven’t forgiven him, it’s not easy for me either and I don’t want you to think even for a second that I am okay with happened” at that Tony finally showed some response, he scooted a little closer to Steve seeking comfort and Steve was open to that As long as he wanted it.
Steve’s decision was made for him then and there when he saw the doubt in Tony’s face at Steve’s words.
But in that moment Tony did something that Steve was not expecting, he raised his arms up wrapping them around his neck and for Tony to be able to rest his head on Steve’s shoulder he had stand on his toes so steve pulled his arm around Tony’s waist and gave him a little lift. The moment his toes left the floor he wrapped them around Steve’s waist clinging to Steve face buried in his neck.
"I want to go back home, don't want to stay here" steve frowned wondering what had changed suddenly. He pulled away to look at the teen , his eyes were closed and he was on the brink of falling asleep, steve could feel the exhaustion radiating from him.
“he’s still a threat, we know what he is capable of, how are you going to keep him in your apartment with no incidents?” natasha said as they settled in for their long journey back. It had already been four days since they left New York and Steve was honestly ready to go home.
He knew most of his students and their immediate family well enough but Tony was the new kid and Steve hadn’t had a chance to meet with his family on any school occasions yet.
“No no no” Steve frowned as Tony pulled away “I have to go" he said sitting up searching the bed for his shirt.
“Okay sweetheart, there we go, you are being really good . Thank you" he said as he picked up the tube and without a moment of hesitation, pushed it in and Tony screamed,  trying to push steve away
“I love you too" he said running his palm over the bulk of bandages on his back. Steve gently pulled him away only to readjust his grip so Tony wouldn’t be hurting himself. They stayed that way for a while until bruce came in carrying two syringes in his hands.
“CPS will want one anyway Tony, better you do it with shield where I can keep an eye on you than a random doctor doing it" he wasn’t exactly lying , just stretching the truth ,he really didn’t want to admit that last night he was really worried.
“Does stane know?” Tony refused to look at them and that was answer enough. Steve growled , it vibratedthrough his chest as he thought about stanes audacity to have stormed in yesterday and talk about his boy getting hurt.
“Steve , listen to me. He is still young. He hasn’t had any real family, he is probably clinging on to the last shreds of what he had with stane. After all stane did bring him up and it is for sure been hard on tony but trust me , whatever you did was for the right causes. For all we know if you didn’t intervene then Tony would be  bruised and bleeding elsewhere.” He swallowed knowing what Clint was saying was true but he still felt awful.
But the thing is Steve manipulated them. Tony really did not see that one coming. He didn’t even think Steve was even capable of it. It’s like… it’s Steve Rogers were talking about here. The poster boy for that all-American good guy, the symbol of virtue and chivalry. He still cringes when someone uses vulgar language. That man had planned in secret and deceived them, had used him…
Tony sighed, "Cutting the power or removing the reactors would only destabilize the gravitational field and potentially make it expand to cataclysmic proportions."
Six of them continued to close in, however, with a heavy spray of bullets from their guns. Bucky avoided the onslaught seemingly easily and swiftly disarmed two of the six. He reengaged them firing the guns he had just acquired.
Just as dawn was on the horizon, Jarvis alerted Tony on his phone.  Steve shook wake alert and ready for battle.  As soon as he realized what was happening he looked at Tony expectantly.  Tony sluggishly pulled his phone out and looked at the screen.
“You are crazy! This information could destroy you. What if I learn all your dirty secrets then suddenly I’m captured by Hydra again? You’re dead.”
Then, when she transformed into the sixth form it became crystal clear to him what all these metamorphosis represented. What stood before him was a more humanlike creature that looked very similar to his own race but not quite. What was clear, however, was that this form was the exact visage of the etching Thor showed them all those weeks ago. All of these forms she was showing him was what she looked like when she integrated with the races of the people that she ultimately took.
“That sounds about right. If it was terrestrial it would follow terrestrial norms.” Tony then focused his attention in Xavier.
It was not an easy pill to swallow, jagged as it was. A grand swirl of complex and wretched emotions permeated the air.
“I believe ninety-something.” Barnes replied in thoughtfulness, completely ignoring Tony’s revulsion. “Anyway,” he narrowed his eyes at Tony, “What you are you doing standing there freaking out like a baby. You’re supposed to be a superhero and now you’re making a scene.” He nodded to the doctors and Wanda who all were watching him with unconcealed mirth. “It’s time to be serious and get to work.” He declared with an air of authority. Then he turned to Tony and mouthed ‘Nineteen.’
Because he was no longer connected to Jarvis, he had no way of knowing just how much power he was consuming. If he wasn't careful, he could inadvertently use too much power all at once and kill himself.
He recalled a storage bin in the basement that the children were hiding behind labeled winter clothes.
But Steve couldn’t help to worry about his team. If they were in danger, it was because he brought the bot right to them. The Captain needed to go back down there to protect them.
“Okay, I’ll stick the nodes on now then we can get to the hard part.” Tony informed as he began placing the said nodes on the soldier’s temples.
He knew, however, that somehow, someway, he was going to get his memories back. He was obstinately hell-bent on it.
You said what you needed to say and I'd like to think that even if he couldn't remember right then, there is a part of him that will always remember you. Even if he doesn't want to. And now, that part of him knows how you feel." She said soothingly, rubbing the red spot blooming on his forehead.
Steve was ready to leap out of the bed just to shake the answers out of Hank.  The Beast stared at him wide eye for a moment in complete stunned silence.
Suddenly there was a tight grip on his wrist. The Captain soon recaptured his bearings and followed the source of the grip to Thor’s strained face. He was staring ahead with a look of consternation. He followed the look until he spotted a Kingly figure with an army behind him.
He frowned in dismay, his desires didn’t matter anymore. He couldn’t open that door with Tony knowing the end was near. He could not do that to him.
Steve groaned. He did not want to talk about what happened with Tony. At all. Bucky already had a negative perception of the genius and he really did not feel like getting into it in front of the twins.
Natasha gave a sideways glance at Clint. She’d do anything she can to protect him and his family also. As it was they were her family too.
Even Tony came out of hiding for a short time.  The temptation of fresh homemade pie too great to pass up.  Sue teased Johnny over his involvement in the pie making process, suggesting that the pies might have been poisoned.
Now that one of their greatest fighters had finally joined them, that fucking bunny had sent in the exact thing that could nullify Thor's overpowered abilities. The fuzz buzz were absolutely genius. Thor couldn't do anything but fight with only physical attacks. If he used his lightning again, he would only make the zappers spawn limitlessly.
Bucky had successfully pinned Steve underneath him as he continued to read. His expression morphed from mischief to utter disappointment.
“I believe so. Anything is better than nothing right now. It’s just as Captain Rogers said. If we are doomed to die we can at least gather everything we can about this calamity so that someday someone could stop it from happening again.” Fury stated.
“Okay, good, good.” Tony sighed with relief. He knew something like that would be information overload if it were true.
Iron Man, whom he loves, was in danger so he destroyed the core!  Ah ha!  It felt so good to finally come to that conclusion.  Steve’s elation was short lived however.  There was something else even more important.
He will never forgive himself for the part he played in Steve’s misery that day, including, the horrible things he told him in the cell just before Calamity took him away. Tony was so hurt and angry that he failed to realize his mistake. The red alert went off and he knew instantly he fucked up. Learning his lesson after Steve escaped the first time he put a marker on Steve just as a precaution and followed him only to arrive too late.
He picked himself up heavily. He gently encased the crystal in the plastic again and carefully set it aside. Honestly, considering it was not a substance known to Earth, he did not want to find out the hard way if it was nuclear when broken. He gave it one last lingering glance before continuing to tinker with his current projects once more.
Steve was immediately relieved.  His shoulders sagged and his breathing slowed.  Before Steve could ask more questions, preferably about the children, the door to the room was slammed open suddenly.
Of course the attack had to happen when the compound was mostly empty.  The X-Men were on a mission about a Calamity lead, the Fantastic Four had been called out to stop Von Dooms latest scheme earlier that day in addition to three different units distributed to do Shield work.  There’s something oddly fishy about that.  It’s funny that things seem to be happening at their weakest.
Steve’s only response was a worrisome shaking nod. His instincts were a live wire. His gut feelings were usually frighteningly accurate. Natasha once joked that he could probably be able to predict the future with them. Now was no different.
This may very well be the last significant mission with his team. But that’s fine, it’ll be a good one. He looked over to the Asgardian prince.
Steve flinched. He knew what he had to do. He couldn’t go back for the shield. That would leave the children unguarded. They were still too far away to use Kevin’s device.
“No.” Wanda stated adamantly sometime later after Tony and Bucky had come up with a basic game plan.
He never imagined that he could show such weakness in front of another, let alone the enemy no less.
“Seriously though, it makes sense right?  If this thing prefers targeting people with tragic upbringings, we would be perfect subjects especially now that it surely knows we’re looking for it.  We must now be on its radar.”  Bruce added not sugarcoating it in the least.
She smiled at him and rolled her eyes good-naturedly. "Of course, it is, dear." She said squeezing his left bicep lightly. "I also left a list of things I need you to pick up in town while I'm gone. It's on the table next to the door."
Steve shook himself out of his stupor. It happened so fast he almost didn't catch it. Peggy's assessment of the man's beard almost felt like she had insulted himself, but he could not figure out why. For some reason, he wanted to defend the man's funny beard. The feeling was so fleeting, however, he let it go.
Steve made his way back into the city the way he came.  He was still horribly out of breath.  His muscles screamed in agony and he was still shaking.  Maybe Johnny had a point.  But he wasn’t going to sit back and continue to let whatever was happening happen.
The last two members of the nasty group began their brutal assault upon the projection pods. In minutes the containment field will be down and there was nothing Tony could do.
“I know that! God, I know that, okay? I’m a pathetic piece of shit, I get that! Obviously, I’m the one that drove Steve away somehow. I just want to know why!”
His gaze fell to the glowing blue object on the man's chest. "I'm sorry for asking this but what is that?" "Arc reactor, keeps me from dying."
“Look Daddy! There it is!” She tugged his hand excitedly as she tried to drag him faster to the little colorful unit.
The genius grabbed it eagerly and inspected it. It looked like it was some kid's gaming computer, perfect.
Bucky fell to his knees and stared in horror at his missing arm. The agents came in fast with their electrical weapons. Bucky wasn’t fast enough to get away this time. They surrounded him and began to subdue him with the electricity. The scream that tore from Bucky’s throat was even more excruciating than the first. Steve was in such desolate pain. There was nothing he can do but beg.
“Stand down! Do not engage. Please just sit back down.” The last part came out forceful and strained.
He did not know how long mowing the lawn had taken him in the past but he was sure he had broken his personal best today. He was utterly motivated as if each foot of cut grass could alleviate his mind of all his tumultuous emotions and thoughts. Thus, he had finished in mere minutes what he thought originally would take him at least twenty. He then raked up and gathered the cut grass into a wheelbarrow where he deposited the debris onto the compost heap.
Somehow, they both finally had a day free from their countless duties, so, they had promised that spare time to each other.
Tony flinched when the drive began to deconstruct itself. The plastic popped off to reveal the black crystal within. The wires and circuits then began to unbind themselves off of the small black iridescent mass.
"Please!" He pleaded desperately, one last time. "I'll give you anything, I'll do anything if you just return him."
“You can be wounded?”  Steve asked a bit flabbergasted along with another feeling he was not going to identify.
When Steve finally was well enough to be out and about Bucky made sure to take him everywhere to experience as many new and different things they could think of. He was fully aware of the horrible reality that the next time Steve got sick could be his last. So Bucky knew truly better than anybody else that locking Steve way, limiting his movements was one of the cruelest things his team could do to him. Even more so now.
Tony was amused to note that the Maximoff boy and Barton were having their own competition much like what Barnes had just challenged him with. It was even better when Natasha joined them.
Steve looked upon the professor and realized that this man has lived a long and full life and that he currently understands the world in more ways than he can possibly imagine.  He smiled at him and gave him a silent think you.  He mulled over the words the Professor had given to him, understanding exactly what Professor Xavier was telling him but, true to the Professors words, not fully understanding the depth of what the words truly mean.
Tony replied, “It seems that my algorithm found Calamity. Apparently she was here in this room.” He all but squeaked out.
Tony gave Steve a sexy smirk before licking his lips and leaned forward at what seemed like an agonizingly slow pace. Tony gave the Captain a teasing wink before taking Steve's hard twitching cock in hand, giving it a few firm strokes evoking the most delicious sounds from Steve's lips. With the smirk still pulling on his lips Tony opened his mouth and-
The soldier continued, “I was just so-“ Barnes cut himself off again. “I just needed to see.” He murmured finally, his voice just barely above a broken whisper.
He knew he’d given up too much of himself right then, but Steve seemed to always have that affect on him.  He’s gotta stop hanging out with the Patriotic man or one of these days he’s going to know a little too much about the crazy genius…  Wait he already does.  Damn it.
He saw how they would sneak glances at him of varying levels of relief. Relieved that he was being so complacent. Natasha still eyed him warily. That’s okay, he wasn’t too worried.
He couldn’t bring himself to really get into a new piece of work when the whole world was on the line. Thankfully Tony understood.
"First off, your bastard friend, Barnes, thinks you're a rotten punk but he's gonna make you proud anyway because he's 'With you to the end of the line and passed that.' He said you'd know what that means."
“Now you wanna know how I’m doing!?  I haven’t heard from you in days Tony, and we’d live together!”
“Uh, I simply gave Fury a piece of my mind. He sent you guys in there ill prepared. It is his job to know the details of a mission and he couldn’t even do that right.”
“And he’s killed dozens of other innocent people indiscriminately. He killed these people because he was told to, because he was forced to.” She gave pause, hoping it was sinking in. “You know, he nearly killed me.” She added stone like. “He nearly killed Fury and Steve, but he didn’t.” Tony opened his mouth to reply but Natasha continued. “Do you know how easy it would have been for him to finish us off if he was truly the monster do you claim him to be? When I was in Odessa he could have easily but didn’t. It would have been easier, in the long run, no witnesses. But here I am.”
The claw unlatched from the soldiers leg and Tony swooped in and grabbed Bucky instantly and proceeded to shoot to the surface. As soon as he broke through the surface of the water his warning systems blared and alerted him that there were missiles launched from the subs in pursuit heading right for him. Tony made evasive maneuvers before deploying flares. The missiles explosion rocketed them into the sky further but the percussion was jarring.
It was amazing, the kind of progress he’s made the last few weeks. Where before, Barnes was reluctant, even terrified to get near an exam chair, now he didn’t even bat an eye.
Steve stretched and rolled over, quickly grabbing the sketchbook and drew as much of the man as he could remember. Unfortunately, he didn't get as far as he would have liked. He managed to sketch out a round face, messy dark hair and an oddly stylized beard.
Then all of a sudden Steve heard another’s voice in his head asking him why the scene was so important to him yet somehow already knowing the answer.  He looked over that at the Professor and smiled.   He thought to himself, ‘Perhaps it is because I have been thinking about those horrible ‘what ifs’ as of late.  What if aliens didn’t know about us?  What if this case never happened?  What if I never became an Avenger?  What if I was never found?  What if I was never frozen?  What if I wasn’t late for that dance?  What if…?’ Then he heard Xavier in his head again;
“Jesus Tony, you’re such a whiny drama queen! Newsflash, we all lost somebody we love to Calamity! All of us did! And the only reason I’m not choking you out right now is because you’re the only one who can save them!” Clint grabbed Tony up by the collar of his shirt to yank him up to eye level. “So you don’t get to bitch about Steve and if you really did want to know why he left then you would be asking the one person on this entire planet who would know!”
Poor Agent Barton, panic stricken, flooded with anxiety, and wretchedly sleep-deprived didn’t quite realize what was happening until it was too late.  He was whacked against the wall and out like a light too fast to know better.  Natasha quickly dodging the second Hulk attack quickly flipped Barton over her shoulder and fled the room followed quickly by Fury who put the room on absolute lock down.  Good thing the room is triple reinforced right?
Tony stood frozen for a moment then when the bone chilling fear finally abated he roared, "Fuck you!" At the ceiling, hoping that even if she were clear on the other side of the universe she could still hear him.
Tony could sympathize. He knew Steve was like that. It still hurt though despite it all. Steve still chose Bucky over Tony even if it was in the face of a terrible misunderstanding. It still happened.
Several hours had passed and Steve had fixed the canvas up a bit and worked the paint into a more suitable background.  His thoughts had landed everywhere.  Mostly, this time, they kept circling around Tony.
He took one last longing look at Steve, then stormed out of the infirmary altogether. He needed to get as far away from this place as fast as humanly possible.
"Indeed, it was. It was incredibly rare for individuals of her tribe to spawn offspring with that particular dark-haired trait. They usually had hair and fur that better matched their environment. Black is not often naturally found in nature, not even on a unique and extraordinary planet such as this."
“Then finish it. ‘Cause I’m with you pal, till the end of the line.” Steve uttered his voice cracking.
“It was Tony’s idea, I get why he did it, I do. But you should hear it all from him. I’ve said far too much already.” He sighed. “I figured if this ship is going down you should know why.” Johnny clasped Steve’s right shoulder and gave him a gentle squeeze.
“If we get separated this emits a sound wave for three minutes. It will destroy all of the zappers in your path. It works up to nearly three hundred feet if you aim good.” Steve showed him.
“You know how pretentious that is? You cannot keep me from her. She could blow up the compound, or send a few nukes our way. Hell, she could probably beat me up herself.” He said as he fought the urge to touch the prominent black bruising still very visible on his wrist.
Suddenly, the man turned all the way around. The Captain felt almost as if he had been hit with a jolt of lightning. Steve let out a gasp as he gazed at the man fully and the man stared back. It was like they were frozen in time, everybody else seemed to fade away and he and this man were the only two people in existence. Before Steve could even comprehend any measure of the multitude of torrential emotions that he was feeling, a bus pulled up in front of him, cutting off his view of the man and breaking him out of his trance.
It had been eleven days since the soldier’s shocking confession and Tony had put off this long overdue meeting for far too long, well, considering the end of the world is nigh and all.
One by one his teammates were falling and he couldn’t stop bit.  He did not know how long he was on the floor for, or how long the quiet had settled in.  He did not realize it but the screaming had stopped and the alarms went silent.  He halfway wondered if he was the last.
“I know that! But I- we had to try. We couldn’t risk doing nothing if the smallest chance we could save you still existed.” He replied forlornly.
“I agree, Tony set it up where Jarvis can track my work from start to finish. The videos are fun to watch. I learned a lot about myself and the way I work.” Steve smiled.
"Look, across the way, it's the one before the corner shop there." She said pointing at a small brick in set building across the street.
“Daddy!” Steve was startled out of his thoughts. “My friend Patty Jo said she once found a sprinkle the size of a peanut before!” Ellie nearly exclaimed.
“Twenty minutes Tony.  Trust me,  your achy muscles will thank you for this in the future” he said before crouching down to kiss him on his head and headed out chuckling at Tony’s scowl for having to sit there in the water against his will.
Halfway through his lecture, Steve noticed Tony looking unimpressed and tried to make his voice more upbeat because he knew history was not the best subject but he intended to make it as fun as possible , especially to the new one’s so they can develop interest faster.
“try – a whole LOT of food" stve chuckled , he was not wrong. With Steve’s metabolism the refrigerator needed stocking everyday. Good thing it was paid for by shield.
“exactly , we can’t let that happen again. I don’t want you to get caught up in the middle like this ever again” Steve explained
“Huh okay" he said nose crinkling, “everything is hurting" he whined after a pause and when Steve was about to suggest that it may have been his fault for falling asleep on the couch he blamed it on steve
“Mm..noo" a displeased whine escaped his lips as Steve tried to move him off his chest and onto a more comfortable position on the couch so he could actually sleep. But Tony was being stubborn, his eyes so desperately wanting to close and he wouldn’t let them. He kept a tight hold on Steve’s shirt and his head against his chest enjoying the quiet rumble of Steve’s chest as he spoke quietly to him ,they spoke about Steve’s past, how he became captain america and how it changed things for him. Tony had a lot of questions and Steve tried to answer them as best as he could.
“He is right here" Steve’s head snapped up eyebrows raising in question as they all turned to see Tony standing there with a shirt he had apparently picked out from Steve’s wardrobe to wear.
They sat there in silence for a few more minutes before Steve decided that tony was really in no condition to be at school.
He was trying to purposely irk them. Hoping that they would hurt him more so the tracker would finally pick up on it.
“I will feel even better if I get a few kisses" tony didn’t even hesitate,  he pushed his bony elbows against Steve’s solid chest and planted his lips against his for good measure. The warmth soaking straight through Steve’s brain.
Tony kissed him back just as fiercely and he was glad because he had been worried that Tony was pulling away and it wouldn’t be the same anymore.
“we had the school principal call him and insist that Tony stay here. That he is doing extremely well in school and would like to see how far they can help him. It’s not much but it will buy us some time. Atleast enough time to figure out a way to convince stane that we are good for him. “
“How bad is it?” Tony asked bending a little to get a look at it but it was covered in pants and they couldn’t see anything other than the bruising
Tony took a seat opposite steve, next to Bruce just as Bruce shared a concerned look with steve. Debrief went longer than usual, due to the fact that we still had no idea who was behind the attack. I watched as tony slowly started hunching in on himself, he was taking carefully measured shallow breaths. As soon as the meeting was done, the first thing steve did was corner tony as the rest of team left the room, giving the two some space but not without glancing at tony with worried looks.
“remember what we spoke about the other day, if it hurts or if I hurt you because of my strength you will tell me,  verbally.” He added the last bit again just in case and again Tony nodded but he also said “okay"
The video that went viral about captain America dying was all over the internet and Steve had initially been very worried that his cover would be blown in school but soon realized that his face was marred enough that people didn’t put two and two together.
Steve had the best view of Tony’s butt that had somehow stayed uncovered in the tangled sheets ,that was until the light hit them both and Steve had shifted and his view was suddenly being taken away from him as Tony grumbled and pulled the covers tighter around him.
He was still covered in grease from last night and when Tony noticed what he was wearing he blushed red tucking into steve side “why am I not wearing any pants? What did you do to me?”
"hmm? Tony what's wrong are you okay?" he said half awake, "yes, but I need you to let me go so I can get up"
Tony was shaking his head to something Clint was saying and the carton of food beside him on the table stayed untouched and cold.
“Shall I get him some juice?” clint asked ,he was fiddling with fingers from lack of anything to do,showed the concern for his teammate.
“okay, we have to get going. You take care okay bud?” They said after they were all done eating, cleaned up the mess they created.
“yeah, let’s go . Up you get" he said motioning for Tony to get up. But tony just stared at him blankly “why?” he asked as if Steve had said the most bizarre thing .
“Gym really is not your thing huh?” he asked pulling away and just as he did , he heard someone knocking on the door and both of them pulled apart immediately
He motioned for one of the junior agents passing by, "can you get him something to eat? And watch him. I will be back soon" the agent nodded suddenly tense, reading the room.
"Okay. I'll tell him but can we maybe talk about something else now?" He sounded exhausted as if somehow talking about this had released the tension from his body as he lay boneless not moving in the comfort of Steve's arms.
“you don’t have to do this” Steve pulled the teen to him, holding him tight. Tony’s head tucked just under his chin , he could feel the slight tremors going through his spine.
“because you always ask me or tell me before you do it” okay, that made sense but now it had Steve wondering how many times tony had asked for someone not to and they had done it anyway.
He didn’t wait for Steve to park the bike ,just jumped off as soon he came to a stop and ran over to towards the door shaking the water out his hair. Maybe Steve should have left Tony wear his helmet after all, he thought to himself as he parked the bike and got off.
Tony nodded looking down his neatly combed hair falling onto his face covering his eyes “ I want to go home"
He quickly went through organising his things and settled down, picking up his schedule and the list of students that would be in his class this year. He recognised all of them, except one that had been added at the last. Anthony Edward stark.
“Hey, tell me you are okay tony" he asked seriously and he Tony pursed his lips ,one hand going to Steve’s hair ,stroking gently.
“Yesterday night” he said brushing it off like it was the most normal thing but Steve had been there and he had eaten a lot while Tony hadn’t even touched a grain of food.
Two more minutes of natasha and Tony talking back and forth and Steve was done. He was sooo done , like really he needed out. Now.
But before I stepped out of the shower Steve was already gone from the bed, the sheets neatly folded In its place. Okay he was definitely angry with me about something if he just left without saying something. Did I say something wrong yesterday night? What did I do? I was so tired last night I hardly registered anything other than the joy of sleeping cuddled with Steve ,Amongst other things. I smiled to myself as I headed downstairs thinking about last night.
“ I'll sleep here with you" he sounded like a ten year old who was afraid of nightmares. Natasha glared at Steve momentarily before sharing a look with bruce
Tony sighed as he rested his head against Steve’s chest and Steve brushed his fingers through his hair.
“What happened? Are you hurt?” he asked trying to grab at Steve’s shirt at the bottom to pull it up. But steve held his hands down firmly
“Tony, tell me please” he asked again and Tony lifted his leg up high and Steve could see the deep gash surrounded by the red irritated skin just below the crease of Tony’s right butt cheek and Steve cringed as he wondered how uncomfortable an injury in that area must feel.
“I think you had enough to worry about. Besides you weren’t exactly in the right frame of mind at the moment" Tony scoffed
“then give me a kiss and make it better" Steve challenged hand still steady and grounding on his chest , Tony leaned forward without hesitation and kissed him .
“Hey, look at me baby" he said pulling away slightly and Tony pouted at him “I am not mad, atleast I am not anymore. I am sorry you had to do this alone so far but I am here now and I am not going anywhere” he told him firmly before giving him a kiss.
He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, curling around the teen pulling him closer. He could be patient, if anything Steve atleast knew Tony trusted him enough to tell him. Maybe not today but soon.
Taking a deep breath, He pushed up from my lap, standing hands on his hips, "now?" he asked so quietly it broke my heart.
Steve carefully but firmly pushed Tony back so he sitting on the edge of the bed again as he let tony hold onto his arms
Steve was flabbergasted to say the least. He walked over sitting by Tony’s side,  his books creating a divide between them.
“That was not a discussion, you didn’t want to even tell me where you are going!” Steve flipped him around as they reached the wall beside the door trapping him against it and placed a hand on the door knob just in case someone decided to walk in so Steve would know immediately .
"We should get ice cream , there is this place near-" steve sighed as he buckled himself inside the car.
“how does stane's friend have such close access to you?” natasha asked and Steve shuddered at the thought.
Steve waited for a few seconds and when he didn't get an answer he moved on assuming the answer was a 'no'.
“hey,” he was handed a glass of water that he quickly gulped down, he could feel the serum working as it tugged on the skin and muscles across his chest.
But really, Clint was right. They were teenagers , he was one one not too long ago and he knew exactly what he was like at that age. That thought definitely didn’t help as he sulked for the rest of the time.
“I can help you with that,  will you let me?” he asked as he ran his fingers through Tony’s hair and Tony pulled away eyes wide shaking his head no
“Will you carry me like you always do?” steve did not expect that, he didn’t even understand what he was asking
“who’s there?” tony slurred turning to look and he almost threw himself out of the bed trying to get to his friends. Steve caught the genius in time to keep him from toppling off the bed.
The principal sighed “okay, but I am going to need consent forms from the parents” and Steve grinned and shook his hand “thank you sir"
“No tell me what happened, why is he so mad at you? I have been noticing the way he talks to you these two days but I didn’t know for sure”  steve sighed ,maybe tony wasn’t as out of it as they had thought.
“I won’t force you to do anything,  but I am asking you if you will atleast consider them" Tony looked at him finally and nodded
Steve went to Bruce first actually because the one person he could trust with telling him that he was taking Tony home without any judgement was Bruce.
“I love you so so much Tony, I don’t want you to worry about that ever again" he said as he pulled the shirt over Tony’s head pressed the nurse call button and picked him up to sit with him on the adjacent bed while they could change the sheets.
“Yes you can. You are having a panic attack. It’s going to be okay. There is plenty of air in this room all you need to do is breathe okay?” he said squatting down completely to Tony’s eye level so he could look at Steve.
“tony” Steve scowled at him “if I was with you here all this time who do you think I told?” he waited to let that sink in while he got up and walked over to his closet and changed his sweaty shirt.
"Yes sir, she is insisting that she speak with you immediately." The agent said handing Steve his phone and sure as hell there were seven missed calls but they were all from Tony.
“Something tells me you are not as happy as you should be following certain events I am assuming occurred,” Natasha said as she pocketed her phone and walked over
"well, looks like someone's had too much to drink!"clint said, always ,always interrupting these little moments.
“Bucky?” he asked and the other man’s eyes zeroed in on him like a target locked and his silver arm came swinging towards Steve’s ribs and before Steve could even recover from his initial shock of discovering that the man smiled had been after was his best friend who died eleven years back Steve was laying on the ground his arms wrapped around his ribs coughing up blood. He heard the arrow before he saw it as it hit Bucky square in his flesh hand. But Bucky was not even phased as he took a step closer to Steve as if to attack him again.
“Tony sweetheart you are going to be fine , I promise. You are okay" he continued as he reached down pulling Tony’s throbbing erection away to look at the bruises.
He wrapped up the class early, very early, twenty minutes short of the bell and let the students go on to their next without any homework.
“I am achy and it really hurts down there” steve was going to probably hate himself for a while, he hadn’t even penetrated all the way,  maybe a quarter way and Tony was hurting so much but tony didn’t have to know that.
“breathe for me Tony” he said as he reached for the water and tony scoffed , clutching at his shirt tightly
“Bucky, I have to ask…” natasha asked and something in her voice told Steve that this question will not be appreciated
"I just need some ice, come on! thor is probably already half way there by now" I said brushing his hands off walking towards the exit.
“I am not going to apologize for what I said yesterday , I need you to understand my perspective, can you do that?” Tony was getting restless already being locked in between Steve and the chair, he knew because his fingers were now dancing along the sides of the chair.
”Steve I mean like genius intellect” okay, he knew tony was smart but it seemed like Bruce was really in awe of this kid suddenly.
That left Bruce and thor in charge of Tony. Pepper had made sure to take care of SI business this week to give Tony a break. But Tony was not having any of it. He wanted a constant report of everything that was happening.
“Phil spoke to medical, they say this is common form of drug. The fever is probably from the combination of whatever drug with the alcohol. He needs to ride it out. Or you can help him, if you know what I mean.” Normally Clint would have made an obscene joke but it spoke volumes how seriously pissed he was if Clint said it all with a straight face. Steve nodded his thanks before heading back into the room locking the door behind him.
"I am fine guys, probably just a little heat rash from the suit getting singed. Why don't you both head over to shield for the debrief? I am sure fury is already fuming waiting on us." Thor nodded and walked out. Bruce remained rooted in place.
“Can you walk? We should get you to the nurses room. You can lay down for a while okay?” he said helping her up and as she stood her knees buckled and Steve heard several gasps as he caught her and picked her up striding out of the gym towards the nurses room.
“I have some food for us, come eat and then you can sleep” he said neither of them moving from their places.
“when you knocked on the door yesterday , bucky was startled and he took it out on you because you were new, he didn’t recognize you.” Tony gave a curt nod
“You will stay with me right?” he asked as he watched warily as Steve hesitated to get under the covers with Tony.
I shook my head to clear things and headed to shield headquarters to teach some basic self defence training to shield's agents as per fury's request.
“so we didn’t have a chance to explain how we are planning to place the new reactor.” He said as he watched steve adjust the sheets around Tony.
"I told you not to call him!" He heard the distinct whine from his younger lover and his face snapped towards it , glaring at him.
damn am I getting that old? I quickly brushed my teeth and had a hot shower which only made me feel more uncomfortable and headed down to the common room ,maybe some fresh coffee can help.
“very well then, good captain, will you please guard my pop tarts until I am done?” he said handing over his paper plate to me.
“Hi , am I speaking to natasha?” steve smiled at Bruce’s politeness and wondered how it had not rubbed off on tony yet.
“Get me some normal water and some oral rehydration solution” he knew he couldn’t move her just yet because she may have hurt her head in the process of collapsing to the hard ground.
“Natasha is just worried, nobody likes seeing you hurt by stane or rumlow.” Tony’s frown shifted into a pout and it completely took Steve by surprise.
“Sorry, hold on" Steve said before walking back to the sink to flush it down the drain. When he came back out Natasha’s face was much softer , “where is bucky?”
"Bruce said he was fine Steve, just a little banged up" she said patting my arm and walking towards the elevator. Yeah he did say that.. Might as well get some rest before they come back then. Most of the team was back now except Clint, who was expected to return tomorrow. So they could finally have some team time.
He knew he was stressed about the upcoming mission and this was not how he should have handled the quarrel but he couldn't seem to make himself care. He remembers how annoyed he used to get when teachers intervened his fights with his fellow classmates, they never actually knew what was happening. So Steve always felt it was wrong to do so unless it was something that really required his attention.
“she is fine, an agent drove her home a while ago directly from the scene. The blast shook the train but no one was injured inside of it”
“Steve come on you gotta wake up" Clint said shaking him harder and Steve woke abruptly sitting up in bed the covers falling around him. It took him a second to process that Clint had woken him and thor had sat himself down on his bed. Which could both explain the earthquake.
“These are my friends, Clint and Natasha . They are here to make sure you guys don’t get into trouble” there was a round of groans that went around and clint stepped up “we are actually here, to make sure this guy doesn’t kill your fun” the cheers that went around made Steve roll eyes as they all made their way into the museum.
“Tony, you need to wrap your ribs okay? you don’t have to go to the hospital, just go to the school nurse and she will wrap it for you.”
“That’s not something for you to worry about” he replied turning to swipe the wet mop of hair falling against his forehead before dropping a kiss. His lips lingered a moment almost sighing at the comforting heat.
"Could be, But he's never this tired. And he's been seemingly tired the whole week. And not to mention today at the party he wasn't exactly himself either." Bruce explained. All of us nodded in agreement looking at tony who was trying very hard to ignore all of us.
The most important information Steve got, not from Tony but from Coulson’s report was that Tony was only 10 months old when the fatal car crash happened. Which means Tony’s birth certificate that was floating around was fake. According to Coulson’s report Tony should be turning 17 in a few months and not eighteen like tony has been so eager about. But Steve was yet to give Tony that information still unsure where exactly that discrepancy came from. All in all, things were okay. Steve was happy that Tony was staying and Tony was really glad he had found a place he fit in to. No incidents occurred on stane or rumlow’s part since the last time and Tony was mostly recovered from all his bruises ,his ribs feeling better and he was even spending extra time with Bruce helping around and talking science together but that didn’t really surprise Steve. He was just glad they found each other cause most of the time he never truly understood was either of them were babbling about.
If Stane was really going to be seeing Tony tomorrow then he had a lot of work to do, especially work on how to keep himself calm.
She held up the syringe for him to see and waited for him to give the okay amd when he did she worked quickly , tugging Tony’s underwear to expose his glute and  plunged the needle into the muscle. He cried out and flailed suddenly realizing what happened but Steve held him still whispering in his ear that they were sorry and it was to help him to sleep.
“Where is he?” Steve asked looking around and he cocked his head to the left towards the docks where Steve spotted him sitting on the edge of the dock feet swinging over the water. Steve had an immediate urge to wrap his arms around Tony and pull him away from the edge but he clamped his teeth tight and made his way over taking deep breaths.
“no, I am taking lead. I want a review on status stat.” he turned back to Tony who looked very out of place fingers clutching whosoever pants he was wearing, because they also looked big on him.
They just looked at him, concern never leaving their faces and Steve knew they were serious, it’s just that he couldn’t take them seriously. Because really, how can these x Ray’s belong to Tony?
“How are you feeling Steve?” he was snapped out of his thoughts when natasha laid a hand on his shoulder. Apparently she had been trying to get his attention for a while now .
“Fuckk" Tony muttered as he pushed himself completely against the headboard and Steve was about to chastise him but Tony put a hand to his mouth “sorry!” he said and Steve rolled his eyes.
He asked “how about you let me check your injuries too?” Tony did not look pleased but Steve gave him a stern look and he nodded before pointing to the gash on his head.
“Should I be jealous?” tony pouted at him knowing that Steve was teasing him. He was already feeling better, the shadow from the back of his head was clearing away the more he spoke to Tony.
Steve dropped the tomato he was still holding in his hand as he carefully but quickly crossed over to them . He wanted to scream at bucky to let go of Tony and wrap himself around the boy to protect him from this terror his friend has become. But the glazed look in Bucky eyes had Steve handle it in a different way
“He needs to have a Foley’s inserted and an IV line” steve told her and she she made an “ah" sound looking down at Tony who was avoiding both their gazes.
“Why are you not in school, and more specifically why is he not in school? I know he’s a genius but education is still very important” she diverted back to them so easily. T here was no winning with Natasha.
He rounded the kitchen , finding Tony sidled up to natasha as they both spoke about something quietly. She had her hands wrapped around him and he had his head resting against her bosom. They looked perfectly content as nat ran he fingers through his hair.
“Kay" he mumbled and Steve knew he was falling asleep . Whatever the drug was , was making Tony drowsy and he was honestly thankful for it at the moment. He spoke quietly to him telling him some nonsensical story about his days as a teen.
“are we interrupting something?” Clint said smirking and nat smacked him on the back of his head. Tony’s hand immediately retreated, the blush travelled to the tips of his ears but he stayed silent.
“That wont be necessary, thank you.” He told them knowing once the doctors were out he could get Tony to rest for a while.
“Cap there is no use of you here if you are so distracted” clint said as they stood back to back trying to kill as many bots as possible.
“Language” Steve chastised as he picked up the last book that had fallen by his feet And handed it over. It read mechanical engineering and Steve could do nothing but wonder why a kid was reading a college level book.
“There is something else you are not telling me" she said looking at him and Steve hated she knew him so well , but it also kept his min in peace knowing he didn’t have to try so hard.
“Good morning” Steve said trying to tame his hair a little and Tony smiled sloppily at him and Steve figured he was still under the influence of the sedative.
“He was a delight, very knowledgeable this one. He wanted to know everything about asgard but he did fall asleep after the minor incident” Steve was nodding along and when thor mentioned the incident he raised his eyebrows in silent question but he knew it wasn’t something too bad or someone would have definitely called him.
he jumped, startled as the door opened moving closer to Steve. When they reached for him, he shrugged off their hands “ no touching” he insisted leaving everyone to frown
He was only distracted when a shadow was cast against tony’s face preventing him from obsessing over the long lashes. He looked up as the shadow moved past  Tony’s face and onto their chests.
“Pepper mentioned that this happened at the museum and how you were able to calm him down a lot faster.” Steve just nodded not able to say anything.
“But , I am telling you now that I am still angry and will still be angry until this is solved. I am sorry that I yelled at you yesterday but I had to say it. Will you forgive me?”
Despite what he told himself, he didn’t sleep through the night. He was still sore from the blast, sure that he had broken a few ribs that were still healing. School seemed like a blessed distraction the come morning, but he didn’t expect that when he gets there, albeit a little late that his students will be already seated, two kids hovering around one particular brunette at the back of the class.
“Good, come here ,I have waited long enough" he said noticing how fast his own voice dropped pitch with pure need.
“can I ask you for you something? You can say no!” he added quickly and Steve pulled back only slightly worried
She rolled her eyes at him, turning to see Clint who was approaching them. He was thoroughly enjoying himself , Clint had a playful personality and he fit right in with the kids, Steve was almost jealous at how effortlessly he had been accepted among the teens.
He released his hold on Tony’s hand and wrapped an arm around his midsection to pull him upright so he could complete lean against the wall but Tony gasped as Steve’s hand made contact with his midsection his hands trying to push him away but Steve quickly maneuvered him into a sitting position before letting go.
“Mr. Rogers something is w-wrong with Tony. He says he can’t breathe and I tried to help him but I don’t know what to do anymore can you please come with me?” already tugging on Steve arm and pulling him towards the elevator.
Steve was surprised Tony even let him finish let alone that he actually seemed to be seriously considering it.
“Come here" steve said pulling Tony up to his feet and pulling off his bag in the process dropping it on the bed.
The bell rang , shrill and loud snapping Steve out of his thoughts and he looked at the time surprised that the day was over. He packed up the papers except for Tony’s, which he slipped into his bag and headed towards Bruce’s lab, where he knew he would find Tony.
“sweetheart stop, hey tony ,-" tony successfully unbuckled Steve’s belt and pushed his pants down and he couldn’t help but groan into the feather light touch as Tony’s fingers grazed at his half hard shaft through his boxers.
“don’t do it, you know what the boss said.” The other one cut in before the knife even came within hands reach of him and Steve sighed hanging his head.
He was snapped out of his thoughts when his phone rang, shrill and loud in the silence of the night and Steve scrambled to remove his phone from his pant pocket.
“Well, hello to you too” Steve smiled “hope you guys are having a nice weekend” he said as small talk.
It was cropped on the sides and long the top. It looked so fresh , steve really wanted to run his hands through it . It was definitely a good look on him Steve decided.
“I will manage just fine , thank you” Steve smiled wearily walking away shaking his head. Steve was not going to be able to manage anything, he knew that. He could handle stane , but tony? He didn’t think so.
“Yes, feeling a little better actually after tallying to dr.shaw.” bruce knew there was more coming as he waited patiently to hear him out
Just as Steve tried to get up so he can go check in with natasha, Tony sighed his eyes fluttering open he wrapped his fingers around the fabric of Steve’s shirt
“Tony , I need you to promise something to me.”  Tony looked at him quizzically trying to figure what had shaken him so much all of a sudden.
“Steri strips?” he asked hopefully and Tony gave him a confused look and steve held them up showing it him
“That’s the point. It will help, I promise. I’ll go bring you some change of clothes, I’ll be right outside ,just call for me if you need me.” He said  turning towards the door
“So you and natasha are together?” Tony asked bluntly, and before steve could answer natasha screamed in his ear through the comm link
He looked down to see that Tony was indeed wearing the pink briefs that he had bought him and gave a pat on his butt and Tony squirmed in his arms.
“Think you can drink this for me?” Steve extended the opened water bottle towards him and he shook his head pushing it away and Steve carefully set the bottle down.
“He is fine. Did spectacularly well actually. He’s a real fighter, they are bringing him up now, I just wanted to give you a head start" steve nodded , as he heard the movement outside the room and he knew they were rolling him in now.
Steve couldn’t breathe, he couldn’breathe,.he was honestly trying but the air was refusing to get through to his lungs. He suddenly found himself outside the door of his apartment or now Buckys apartment, kneeling on the floor trying to get the goddamn air into his goddamn lungs so it can get to his brain and he can comprehend what he had been just told.
“you okay?” steve broke the silence and Tony nodded even though something was obviously very wrong and alarm bells went off in Steve’s head as he tried to think of what it might be.
They were crouched in front of him and Tony was on his knees as he refused to let either of then touch him.
“Are you feeling alright?” concern was taking over now and natasha muttered something about a sedative .
He got up pulling the blanket with him as he smashed his lips against Steve’s surprised ones pulling away only when he needed the air
Tony was asleep before his head hit the pillow and Steve followed very soon after forcing himself not to think about the consequences of what he had done to this boy that steve knew he had no hope of ever letting go after this even if that's what Tony wanted.
“You have already seen it all before Tony, there’s nothing new here" he told him pulling at Tony’s drawstrings to get them open and pulled the pants down to his ankles. Tony fought him every step of the way until the pants finally tugged free of his ankles.
Steve reached over pulling out a box of tissues from the same stand and wiped them both up and his fingers before tucking himself back in to his pants and pulling Tony’s off completely. His pants were stained from the mess they had managed to make and threw to towards the hamper at the end of the room.
Steve had given Tony a bug , which he had dropped in stane's office and so far they hadn’t heard anything useful. Either stane was extremely careful or he knew he couldn’t trust Tony. Coming to that, stand had not mentioned Steve’s relationship with tony to him yet and they had been wondering what that meant still.
“one of the boys may or may not have landed on top of me" Steve cringed, at the thought of someone falling on the already small framed brunette.
“fine” he scowled “but I really am not able to sleep. Let’s go out ,for coffee!” he said grinning as Steve played with his hair.
He pulled it away letting it fall to the floor and Steve knew now why Tony didn’t want him to take the cover away. He still had his screwed shut and Steve’s primary concern of Tony’s injury being serious was the only thing keeping him from becoming hard himself.
“I am being unreasonable? Bruce it’s not just a punch and slap every now and then , they have been sexually abusing him since he was fourteen! FOURTEEN BRUCE!”
He didn’t comment on it just yet, knowing it had something to do with the gym injury and sat himself down beside Tony a small gap between them.
“Why?” okay now Steve was not enjoying the disconcerting emotions anymore. He pulled the throw off of him, pulling him upright and supported him as he swayed a little on his feet.
“Tony , did you just come?” he asked amused and beyond turned on but Tony apparently didn’t feel the same as he tried to push Steve away , hiding his face
“can you show her? Is that okay?” Steve asked him gently “it’s okay if you don’t want to” he added as he saw Tony’s hesitation.
“Stane,” Steve started and the man whipped around facing him “I am truly sorry for what happened today. I am glad I was there to protect him but you were right he wouldn’t have stopped if it weren’t for me.” He could see fury, Natasha and Clint wanting to slam their palms into their foreheads.
“okay, what do you think natasha said to obie?” he asked his shoulders tense as his mind mulled over all the possible reactions obadiah can have the moment he steps foot inside the house so that he can prepare himself.
Tony stirred neck rolling back up and landed on the wall behind him and he let out a tiny whine and Steve reached out to clasp his hand that was laying limp on the floor.
“you said something else before, can I ask you about it?” tony nodded sluggishly like he didn’t care anymore
“right” Natasha said drawing their attention to her “I am going to order some Chinese, are you guys down?”  she got up walking to door before turning back and waiting for them to answer
“I know , I know baby but just give me second okay?” he said as he used his free hand to rub gentle circles on his stomach
Somehow this wouldn’t have been so much of a problem to Steve but the fact Tony’s injury was in a place stane had no business being worried him to no end.
two and half sets of eyes landed on him as he glared at them, Natasha and Clint surprisingly stayed quiet letting fury take this one. Fury on the other hand , waved a hand at him to sit down at the table where they were clearly going over some mission reports.
“you are okay, baby" steve whispered kissing the top of his head. It broke Steve’s heart knowing when tony does wake up to all this medical equipment he was going to panic and that did nothing the quench the silent guilt creeping in.
“ you need to relax okay? It’s only there to help you. In and out , come on.” He coaxed as he finally felt Tony relax against his chest.
“can we go to the astrophysics section?” she said pointing between herself and Tony and Steve was about to say no and tell them to stay with the group but pepper beat him to it
“I know I was angry yesterday when I saw you three at the bar.  But I am letting this slide, because and only because I know there was a situation that may excuse it . Just this once.” He said the last part glaring at Tony and Tony curtly nodded his head once.
Bruce ran his palm across his face, putting his glasses back on and not so subtlety eyed Steve’s homemade sandwiches. So Steve gave him half of his and he took it gratefully , gently pushing away whatever was on his tray. steve had learned very quickly that he couldn’t always rely on the schools cafeteria food, so he occasionally bought his own.
“ I don’t want to lay down” he said stubbornly and refused to take the blankets. So Steve just spread it open and dropped it on his lap as Tony pouted.
He whined but let me go snuggling into the pillows. Why was Steve still asleep? It's rare that I am ever awake before he is.
“I need to use the ladies room, I’ll be right back okay? It was nice seeing you tony” and she was off. Steve wanted to know what she had found but he understood that he needed to deal with tony first.
"Are you sure it's a girl?" He asked wondering if maybe it was Tony trying to reach him through pepper's phone.
“can you please make him sleep at the tower today?” he asked knowing how desperate he sounded and  bruce just sighed again
Just as Steve left the locker room, he heard the distinct choking sounds of someone who was struggling to breath.
“You okay buddy?” Clint asked as he crossed over and sat down on the edge of the tub and natasha and thor did the same sitting down at various spots but where Tony could see them.
He turned towards me giving me an appraisal before saying "Are you okay tony? Something wrong? I have never seen you this anti-social ever before"
Steve asked searching his face for discomfort and once he got the nod he went all in capturing his lips.
“ I was enjoying my life with you" Tony said his voice firm not wavering and Steve gave him a small smile
”I am not going with obie Steve , I want to stay with you. Are you sure you are okay?” Steve frowned again, why didn’t he want to go with stane and he seemed slightly disoriented still, Steve wanted to get him to rest for a while before having any kind of sensible conversation with him.
“We did it last night" he said his dopy smile not faltering  and Steve couldn’t resist the smile forming on his own face  and the relief of Tony being happy about it.
He asked one of the agents to relay to fury that he would be back in thirty minutes and for them to continue on without him. Taking the keys he headed out towards the bar he was annoyed and irritated with Tony at the moment. He had been busy and really did not expect to be called out of a meeting to come pick him up because he was drinking. He was not even sure how they managed to get the drinks.
“I can take care of myself I don’t need you fighting my battles. It’s my own damn fault to think that at least you would stop treating me like a child.” He snapped as he pushed past steve and Natasha wisely moved away from the door and let tony walk out without commenting.
“I like your hair" steve told him and Tony ignored him for a second and then it seemed like he couldn’t anymore which made Steve smile. He reached for him tucking him beside Steve an arm wrapped around his shoulder.
“no needles!” He whimpered sitting up straight and pushing away from Steve. The monitor was now screeching and it was only his pulse.
“I should be the one who is sorry, I am really sorry that I didn’t realize what was going on sooner" tony didn’t say anything after that , he sniffled a little but otherwise kept quiet.
“How are feeling?” He asked, as he pulled out his phone from his back pocket and sat it down beside him.
“I was afraid to tell anyone and itsembarrassing” he muttered the last part barely leaving his lips.
“ stop laughing. It’s not even funny. What if I don’t want to go?” he said lifting his chin up just slightly challenging.
Tony’s calm shattered the moment Steve opened the door for them and they stepped through into the tower.
Steve stood rooted near the entrance, he didn’t want Tony to take what happened for granted . He needed to apologize and he needed to know that Tony understands that it won’t happen again.
“well then , how about you go take a shower then?” steve told him ,mostly to test him and found himself genuinely surprised when Tony only nodded and didn’t spout any nonsense about showering before bed.
“Howard was my best friend, I saw the funeral , you were there too. Tell me how this is possible.” he demanded
He could hear the TV, thanks to the enhanced hearing from the serum. It definitely sounded like something animated and Steve smirked. Ofcourse Tony was going to make him watch something that he absolutely would have never even thought of.
“okay I guess.” Tony said too quickly and Steve knew he hadn’t even given the question any consideration “you promised me answers” Steve pursed his lips as tony leaned forward a little , his eyes boring into Steve’s.
“Does is hurt anywhere?” he asked frowning as he scanned his eyes over his body only to find nothing
Pain laced through his fingers travelling down to his arms and his ears buzzed as he felt the blue light flash bright behind his closed eyes. There was a moment of complete silence where all Steve could hear was his own scream before he blacked out.
“Tony , I am right here baby. I am not dead ,you can feel me , right here" he said as he felt someone tug on his robe and it fell from his shoulders and natasha tipped Tony against Steve’s naked chest letting him feel the warmth.
As soon as she left, Steve trained his eyes back onto the struggling teen. Reaching his hand out again , he waved it in front of Tony’s eyes to get his attention “tony, you are having a panic attack , but you are going to be fine” He said and when tony shook his head fiercely and looked like he was going to pass out Steve reached a hand towards him
"Clint and thor will be back tonight, so movie night and dinner?" Steve asked standing with his arms crossed leaning against the wall, Bruce and Nat nodded in agreement.
“Can I help you sit-up against the wall, it will help you breathe better.” He added ,tony nodded , still focused on catching his breath and when Steve wrapped an arm around his midsection to pull him up right and against the wall, tony whimpered trying to scramble away from his hold.
“tony” he called as he approached the teen but he didn’t seem to hear him. He was watching the game intently and when steve got closer he realised he was watching Rhodes’ every move. Tracking him running around the court.
“no, I am fine.” He said and before Steve could argue he softly spoke again avoiding Steve’s gaze “why are you doing this, I thought you didn’t want me”
“but we should probably fix his leg first" and Tony recoiled from clints touch on his thigh and Steve frowned at him.
“Stevie.” Bucky whispered shocked and Steve was not sure if he was shocked that Steve had chosen a sixteen year old or because Bucky had just strangled Steve’s boyfriend who was only a sixteen year old kid.
“I don’t,” Steve said shaking his lightly watching Tony’s face ease up again “you need to get some rest though, stane will be here in less than two hours” he said and tony frowned at him
“I have been informed that” steve stopped to lean down and press a kiss to Tony’s lips before he continued “his highness needs to have his catheter removed today so that he can take a walk outside of this room"
Tony suddenly lifted his head up, a proud gleam in his eye. “Well, my little sensor came quite handy with that.” He smirked. “The cops rescued me first and told me what happened. But I got through Gerard’s firewall in no time and found your location. Don’t say I never did anything for you,” he added teasingly.
He walked along a corridor for what felt like forever, until his captor suddenly stopped. A brief noise on his right made him jump, and he realized with a jolt that there had been
“Yeah, I was in the backseat. I had some injuries, but my parents in the front… and the airbags didn’t go off, so…” Steve muttered, then shook himself off before smiling. “Anyway, it’s getting better now. Let’s drink before the coffee gets cold alright?” he said, looking around for a spoon.
Mrs. Barnes let out an involuntary sob at this little boy offering her money, then quickly collected herself. “Thank you, Steve. But it’s alright.” She attempted to smile at him. “I’ll figure something out.” Her voice quivered.
“I mean, it isn’t called the City of Love for nothing. Seems like the perfect place,” Tony said softly, propping himself up on his elbows.
“Well, I’m sorry for your loss as well,” the guy said while looking behind Steve at the headstones. “For your… parents?” the guy attempted, suddenly viewing Steve in a different light.
“Fourth round now,” Bucky said, with a soft tone to his voice. “How are you doing, Steve? You’re back so soon…” He had a concerned expression on his face. His eyes looked over Steve with a maturity that was twice his small age.
“Hold on, how do you know I’ve been standing here for two hours? Have you been watching me this whole time?” Steve asked wide-eyed. He began walking down towards the entrance of the cemetery, leaving Tony with no other option than to follow along.
“Yes!” Steve cheered and held up his hand for a high five. “I knew I could count on you,” he said smiling.
stuff,” Gerard said with disgust. “You canceled the damn charity and I was left hanging in the air!” Gerard said a little loudly.
After a long silence where Steve thought she was done talking, she spoke again. “Your father loves you, Steve,” she said softly. “In his own way, he loves you. Don’t you forget that.”
the headstone proclaimed. He had been coming there for the past twelve years. It was peaceful there. He sighed and took out his phone when it started ringing.
Steve glanced up at Tony. “Oh it’s just this event…” He looked closely at Tony, trying to judge what his reaction might be. “Oh what the hell.” Steve gave up and decided to tell him. “Every year we have this… charity event thing. We select a couple of hospitals from around the country and donate boatloads of money to the children’s wing. A sign of our
, his mind helpfully brought up. Steve smiled at the memory. Yes, it was where Tony had stormed into his life like a hurricane, and he didn’t regret it one bit. Tony had been the one who had made him want to enjoy life again, after he had become so jaded with everything. Steve sat down on the bed again, feeling weary all of a sudden, still trying to decide what to do, but he couldn’t get the memory of Tony in the cemetery out of his head.
He turned around slowly, still coming out of his daze, to see a guy of average stature, with dark brown hair that was almost black. He wore dark shaded sunglasses and had his hands in his pockets. The guy shrugged and continued, “I mean, I wouldn’t know but I think dead people like their flowers alive rather than… you know,
“Okay, so what I’ve been thinking is, wouldn’t it be cool to have your travels documented automatically? By an intelligent sensor? Like all the places you’ve been to, what you did and stuff?” Tony said excitedly, relaxing now that he was treading familiar ground. This was his safe space. “And it wouldn’t be just for your travels, it could be for every place you go to! So, how it would work is…” Tony started explaining, his hands waving wildly with a passionate gleam in his eye.
Steve replayed the message again. He had been replaying it for ten minutes, not believing what he was hearing and not willing to acknowledge it. It was a late winter night, and the wind was howling outside, bringing with it the promise of a storm. But inside, it was dead quiet. Because Tony wasn’t there, he thought. His laugh wasn’t there to warm up the place, his sarcastic eye rolls weren’t there to make Steve smile. No, instead, Tony was probably tied up somewhere, in a dingy warehouse perhaps, with no food and water, and tear stains down his cheeks. Steve flinched at the image his mind conjured up, and quickly dismissed it. He couldn’t afford to think like that. He had to keep his head straight.
look like some sort of warehouse, a thought suddenly popped into his head. He hadn’t been completely off-base in his imaginings after all.
“You have two hours. Come quietly, come alone, and we let him go. Do otherwise, and we put a bullet through his head. It’s your choice.”
“A while ago. Your receptionist let me in,” she said, smiling as she hugged Steve. “I haven’t seen you in a while, so I thought I’d drop by. We could catch some lunch together?” she asked.
he chided himself. He willed himself to calm down. He looked up as Tony made his way over to their booth and smiled at him. Tony looked nervous as well, he thought. That made him feel a little better.
Steve stood there for a moment. “Do you know why I’m doing this, Tony? Why my father started doing this?” He waited until Tony was looking at him before continuing. “As a child, I was… sick often. I went to the hospital a lot. I learnt a lot there during my visits,” he said quietly. “I learnt about privilege. I learnt about friendship. I learnt that not everyone has what I have, that I should be grateful. I met some of the most pure-hearted people in the world, people who had absolutely the bare minimum, but still wanted to give,” he said, tears in his eyes. “I watched as I was given more attention than them. I was given priority over them, and it made me feel absolutely horrible. It still does.” His voice was breaking, but he continued. “I vowed never to do that. That’s why I’m doing this. But you’re right, it did feel a little shallow before. The whole event, giving money to the hospitals. That’s why I’m directly going to the patients now,” he explained. “Instead of donating to the hospitals, which, who knows if they even used it for what we intended, I’m giving pro-bono cases a boost by directly helping the patients,” he said, smiling.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about Tony,” Steve muttered, suddenly feeling horrible. “There’s a reason we help these hospitals every year. There’s a reason
“Sure.” Tony shrugged and didn’t say anything else. Both of them had lost their appetites for talking, so they finished their drinks in silence.
“Steve! Stop that right now!” The nurse said, a little more forcefully. She came over and took the bag from him. “Lie down now, else you’ll get another coughing fit. You can play video games later.”
“No, I really don’t,” Steve said sincerely. “You are literally one of the highest paid people in my company!” he added with a disbelieving tone. “What do you want with more money? Why would you give all that up?”
