Sherlock’s complexion was blotchy with rage. “How long have you known this?” he questioned, the muscles in his face twitching. Molly could only sob again. “
. What did it matter, what Sherlock felt? What anyone felt? For God’s sake, couldn’t John prioritize for once in his life? Sherlock cursed the human heart and its utter stupidity, having never in his life believed so strongly, as he did in that moment, that sentiment was the greatest weakness of mankind.
He looked so much the stern father that John couldn’t help but chuckle again. “You’d have a very rude awakening, you would,” he teased. He smiled and Sherlock met it with a sort of smile of his own—though the expression behind his eyes was… well, John didn’t know what it was. It was definitely not happy. John’s amusement faded, a little, and they stared at each other. And he thought,
I blinked at him, my head swimming. I could see his features peeking out from between his hands—his eyes, his nose, his lips. I couldn’t stop watching his lips.
“And then, to cover her blunder, she took him to bed!” I said excitedly, elated with having just made the first crack in the case.
That was all Anna could think when Sherlock and John stormed into the room where she was held hostage, clearly determined to rescue her from her so-called predicament. She didn’t even have a moment of relief or happiness at seeing them there; all she felt was anxiety.
John slid his hands up through Sherlock’s hair (God, did it feel good between his fingers) and to the back of his head, turning his face sideways to kiss him more deeply. It was better than any fantasy he’d ever had, and he’d had quite a lot of them—there wasn’t much else to do in captivity. “God I missed you,” John whispered, pulling away for a moment and nuzzling the other man’s nose.
Violet began to whimper, then, from across the wall. Teresa immediately marched over and struck the side of her head with her fist. “Shut the fuck up!” she spat, as Sherlock barked out a “Don’t!”
“No? Whatever you say,” replied Moriarty. He smiled evilly. “Enjoy your end of the bargain. I know I will.” Then he and the girl and the guards marched out of the room and down the hallway that John had come through a few minutes earlier. The door creaked pathetically as it swung back on its hinges, finally shutting with a deep, echoing
Sherlock’s nostrils flared. “I would prefer to give you some complicated explanation of my methods of deduction… but honestly, Mrs. Carruthers?” He laid his head back against the wall and smirked. “You looked like a woman with a fake beard on her face.”
Molly nodded, her hands in fists at her sides. “Yes,” she squeaked. “Oh yes, please.” She lifted her hips as Sherlock slid her undergarments off, already soaked through with desire. He felt his prick twitch with anticipation, and bent his head down low to give her clit a wide, flat lick.
The exam was the most difficult thing John had ever done. Not the medicine of it, of course, but the emotion…. Not even all those poor lads he’d stitched up in the war, their blood spilling out and them screaming for their mothers, made his heart break the way Sherlock’s sobs did. John cried too, unable to stop himself, as he felt around for serious injuries. “I’m sorry, I’m so, so sorry,” he chanted through his tears.
John immediately looked to Sherlock, who was heading to the kitchen with their drinking equipment, thinking he would turn around and say
Sherlock worked his hand up and down his cock, stroking firmly and deliberately. It felt good… but something wasn’t quite right. He began to pant with the effort, willing himself to tip over the edge.
“Oh!” Molly gave herself a little shake. “Of course, of course.” She backed up and stood aside so that he could enter through the door.
.” Sherlock would sigh at them and simply say, “I know.” He thought he’d turned out perfectly fine not having friends his entire childhood, of course, but most people didn’t think that way. John hadn’t thought that way. And Sherlock’s goal, as Anna was made never to forget, was to raise her the way John would have done.
. He finished with the other arm and then wrapped her in a tight embrace, and Anna hadn’t realized just how scared she’d been, and how lost, until he was there, holding her. She couldn’t remember the last time he’d held her like this.
It finally settled on a memory: the memory of John’s funeral. They hadn’t had a body (surprise, surprise) but the forensics team had found enough “evidence” to conclude that John had been blown apart and incinerated in the explosion. Sherlock didn’t take a closer look at that evidence—he had been a bit preoccupied at the time with learning how to properly change a nappy.
“I’m such a fucking—“ John rubbed his hand over his forehead, now. He actually looked close to tears. My God. Had I really screwed up that badly?
… he looked around at the other party guests on the balcony, who all had ciggies in one hand and drinks in the other.
And then he was kissing me. Kissing me and kissing me, his hands on my face, his tongue between my lips. I could feel him exhale his breath into my mouth. (His own breath. From his lungs. Into. My. Mouth.) If it were anyone else, I would have gagged. With John, it was the loveliest thing I had ever felt.
Sherlock studied her carefully, silently, as she smacked her toys together and babbled away. And then his face broke into a genuine, eye-crinkling grin.
“There are people who say that chess is a game of strategy,” Mycroft would often say to her, “but those people are fools. It’s not a game of strategy—it’s a game of
Sherlock was not a sexual being. In all the years they’d lived together, John had never so much as heard him masturbate. He’d never found any porn, or toys, or any kind of sex-anything in Sherlock’s room (and he’d certainly looked thoroughly, on those days when he’d had to search for drugs). He’d never had a girlfriend, or boyfriend, or lover of any sort, at least in the time John had known him. The closest he’d come to that was Janine, but he’d heard from Mary who’d heard from Janine that they’d never done more that kiss. He’d thought perhaps Sherlock had had a thing for Irene Adler, the Woman, but he had long suspected that the feelings were of pure intellectual admiration and had nothing to do a sexual attraction.
“Tell me everything you know about her.” Sherlock whirled on him, his face white and pinched in his frustration once again. “Everything. Tell me about the first day you met, all of your conversations, every word—“
John looked up, sharply. “No,” he said, gruffly, removing the first shoe. “No, you don’t—you should never be sorry. None of this is your fault.”
“Called you out on your bullshit, did he?” John was looking fond, now. It was wholly grotesque. “Good man. What else?”
“If you don’t ring me back in the next hour, I’m calling Scotland Yard—and you can have a bloody nice time explaining to Lestrade why you’re messing with their investigations,
John’s gazed was heated, and electric. “Of course I like it. But I want to try something else. If you want to.”
Now, he looked over at Anna, who had been given a slice of Christmas pie and who looked as if she’d thought it a hat instead of food. She banged her sticky fists on her tray, yelling nonsense at such quickly varying octaves that it could have only been an attempt at singing. Sherlock smiled and sat back in his chair, listening to the music of her most unique and absurd Christmas carol, enjoying it in a way that only a parent could do.
No, Sherlock did not think about sex. He’d never had much of a libido, which was immensely helpful, and the times that he did feel rather…
“I know you don’t understand why I sent him away,” Sherlock said. “I actually don’t, either. The idea of him here… when it’s been just you and I for so long… it was...”
“Yes,” John hissed, and reached down to undo my belt. He fumbled with it and it jangled as he got it open and out of the way. He undid my flies, and then his hand was navigating the elastic waistband of my pants, and then—
Sherlock was off of his stool and in John’s face before he could blink. “How is it that you never seem to understand,” he seethed, his voice a deep growl that became a snarl, “no matter how many times I tell you or show it, that I care about
John had only meant to embrace him when he started walking. Sherlock was four strides away but after two John had known he was going to kiss him instead. The last two strides were spent readying his hands to move to Sherlock’s face so that he could adequately pull him down and press their lips fully together. He did it and he could taste the saline on Sherlock’s lips and could feel the tears on his cheeks and wet heat of Sherlock’s mouth as Sherlock opened it to him, and oh, this was something John had not dared think about in many years. In fact he had not thought of it at all since those first few months after Sherlock had jumped from Bart’s and John had realized that he had been in love with him. Sherlock might have destroyed him or he might have saved him or he might have done both, one and then the other, again and again. It didn’t matter either way and there was no point in trying to understand it. John had spent endless time trying and it had never got him much of anywhere.
guard—but he did see her kill the one Sherlock was fighting. She came up from behind just as the man was about to deal Sherlock a heavy blow, launching herself into the air like some feral animal, snarling and spitting as she clutched the guard’s shoulders and slid the knife swiftly across his throat. The guard fell backwards, trapping Anna underneath him, and Sherlock heaved himself up from the ground to lift the body off of her. She stood up again and caught John’s face, frozen in horror. It was so jarring that Anna felt as if she’d been slapped. “I…” she started, suddenly wanting to explain herself, but not knowing why, or how.
Mycroft had tutted. “Sherlock, do not project your own shortcomings onto poor Annalise. Just because I always beat
Sherlock thought he should say something. “Molly, I want you to know that I am entirely grateful for—“
“After Sherlock figured out what happened, he insisted on having a stake-out to confirm his theory that McMurdo was selling the drugs. He didn’t tell me until several days later, but apparently the ex-fighter caught him and nearly choked the life out of him. Luckily Scotland Yard got there just in time, but Sherlock seemed… I suppose the word is ‘traumatized.’ He came home that morning, burst into the flat with this frantic look on his face, I remember because I was feeding Anna at the table and we both froze right in our seats. He took one look at Annalise and she immediately put her arms in the air for him to pick her up—like she knew, you know? He held her tight for quite some time, and she let him, the lovely girl. Didn’t fuss, just rested there while he held her.” Mrs. Hudson’s eyes were shining, and she smiled through her tears.
close to coming unglued at the question, but somehow managed to hold his tongue. “I just lost my wife. A
After a moment of consideration, he leaned back on the couch and let his knees fall open—just a little.
Moriarty stared at her, studying, tapping his chin with the end of the scepter. “My-croft,” he said. “Interesting.”
“Yeah, I thought about that,” John sighed, rubbing his face in frustration. “I haven’t got a job, or a previous address… in fact, I don’t know if I need to… I don’t have an ID or anything, anymore. I probably need to go and tell, you know, someone
“Ruined it!?” Sherlock flung the bedroom door open wide and glided over to the counter, his dressing gown billowing behind him. “If by that you mean, ‘Drastically improved it to the point where not only has it saved me from receiving failing marks and flunking out of school (thus destroying my future), but it will also be the most interesting and exceptional project that the school has ever seen, and everyone will—‘“
Sherlock closed his eyes. He started to feel weak and put his hand out to steady himself on John’s chair… and felt his stomach twist at the realization that, after all these years, it was still “John’s” chair. “John, you know that I… that my whole purpose, my whole goal, was to rescue Anna,” he said. “You know that I would have done anything…”
,” he muttered. It was barely light out, and the poor family had been through enough already, answering all of the Yard’s previous questions about Violet’s disappearance. And now he was about to wake them up, for probably no reason at all; Sherlock was most likely long gone, off doing some other reconnaissance, purposely ignoring John’s phone calls just to get him worked up.
“Yes, I have.” The sniveling woman in front of him wrung a handkerchief in her hands, like it was sopping wet and she needed to get every last drop of water out. She twisted it over and over, her knuckles white from the grip she held on the poor piece of cloth. “I have and they’ve found nothing.”
“Well…” replied Mycroft, too shocked to deliver his next words with his usual smirk. “You can’t say that won’t get his attention.”
John didn’t respond, but Sherlock could tell he was heartbroken. He turned and shuffled to the window, running his hands over his face and through his hair. Sherlock kept standing with his arm resting on the chair, waiting for John to say something more.
Sherlock had started up the stairs with John following close behind when he heard sounds coming from his flat, walking and banging around, and he thought he smelled… what was that, chocolate biscuits? Was Mrs. Hudson up at this hour? Sherlock unlocked the door and opened it wide.
, John. Like, not just crying—like heaving, gut-wrenching, gasping-for-breath sobs. He really loved you.”
David whimpered in response. Sherlock lifted his head and slammed it down again, making the dresser mirror rattle. Anna screamed.
Sherlock tutted, for a second his usual self, annoyed with John’s stupidity. “That would be impossible.”
Sherlock unsteepled his fingers and stood up. He hadn’t thought about it, but that was the only logical place to take him; John needed to be kept under close watch. Sherlock didn’t buy that John knew absolutely nothing about Moriarty’s plan… there had to be
John’s lips curved up. “She’s a liar, that one.” He shook his head. “Trouble, is what she is. We’ve had quite a time dealing with it.” He didn’t seem to be upset—on the contrary, he seemed rather proud.
The more I thought about it, the more ludicrous it became. It was so insane that I thought it just might work. “Anything?” I asked, my eyebrows raised.
Anna stepped up to the first member, Sam, and stabbed him forcefully in the chest. She stared him down, watching his wide, surprised eyes lose their light as he died. She pulled out the knife, and the guard who was holding him let him fall to the floor.
John took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom. He sat down on the mattress and pulled me towards him, opening his legs and settling me between them. The sour taste was worse than ever, and my stomach roiled with acidity. I realized I was trembling. So, at the same time, did John.
“As a matter of fact, I am,” Sherlock told him. “Violet’s mother hired me to investigate the disappearance. She seemed to think the police had exhausted all of their resources, to no avail.”
“A couple of guys, David and Sam, and a girl Heidi who just transferred to my school,” she related. “I’m sure you’ve heard me talk about them…” she looked at Sherlock, and acted as if she was put-out that he hadn’t been listening to her.
There was dead silence on Sherlock’s side of the door. John sat there, waiting for an answer, not knowing what he’d do if Sherlock said “yes.” He supposed he really would have to move out, because how could he subject Sherlock to his presence when they’d never be what Sherlock wanted them to?
John tried to think back, tried to see if he’d missed any obvious clues that Sherlock was into him. They’d been friends for so long, close friends, so how could he ever distinguish that closeness from sexual desire? Maybe there were signs, but John had not been paying attention, had not thought he
John glared at him. “Right. Well, I’ll just go get my things and be out of your life.” He turned on his heel and stomped toward Sherlock’s bedroom.
Lestrade blinked into the darkness, his eyes adjusting a bit more: through the door there was a staircase, all the way straight down about ten steps, and at the bottom, another door. The other door was gigantic—industrial-sized, like that of a walk-in freezer—and Lestrade felt the hairs stand up on the back of his neck. He descended carefully, his gun still drawn and in front of him, his eyes wide, trying to take in as much light as they could. He reached the bottom step, his heart nearly beating out of his chest. He grabbed the handle, turned it slowly and quietly…
Sherlock’s eyes blinked open. He hadn’t made the connection, hadn’t thought about how John must have reacted in a similar fashion when he’d believed Sherlock dead… the thought put a funny feeling in his stomach. He suddenly was no longer hungry for pastries.
John tipped the bottle, roughly, into his glass. Whiskey splashed onto the carpet before John got the right angle to pour it in. “Whoops!” he exclaimed, the word slurring out of his lips. He looked up at Sherlock. “Sorry ‘mbout chur… rug,” he said, then giggled at how poorly he’d articulated those words.
John blinked at him, and Sherlock blinked back, both of them surprised at the admission. Then John’s face relaxed a little. “I know that, Sherlock. I love you, too.” He smiled again, softened back to his previous good mood.
Sherlock stood, slowly, his face white as a sheet. He closed his eyes for several seconds, then opened them. “Okay,” he whispered.
“You’re bisexual, not gay,” Sherlock began, cross with himself for missing it before. He always missed the bisexual ones. “You’re an exhibitionist, and your wife is a voyeur… Nothing
John rolled his eyes. Mrs. Hudson was always going on about how Sherlock and John were a couple—for God’s sake, John had been married for over a year. Couldn’t she finally give it a rest?
John and Sherlock both stared at her, neither of them wanting to respond. Sherlock leaned forward and murmured into John’s ear. “You
The house looked different in the early-dawn light, but still familiar—Lestrade recognized all of the photographs and furniture from his last visit, only two days before. He stepped slowly along the hardwood floor, looking in every room, trying not to make any noise.
Lestrade’s eyes were tired, haunted. His entire face sagged, as if under the weight of some terrible grief.
body language, but the moment Carruthers licked his lips he felt a chill down his spine; Carruthers, whether he was involved in the kidnapping or not, was definitely sexually attracted to Violet. But he was gay, so why… Sherlock took a deep breath and tried not to smile. This was getting very interesting.
Anna couldn’t remember ever winning against Mycroft. He’d always beaten her, no matter how hard she tried or by how much she thought she was winning. Ultimately, she would become too worried about protecting her queen, or her knight, or her castle, and she would lose her focus. Anna thought it must be impossible to completely ignore the importance of the more powerful pieces; you couldn’t win the game with only
Ella smiled again. “Well, he doesn’t realize it, but yes, he is. He has been for a very long time.” She tossed her pad of paper and pen on the desk in front of her. “But he’s never going to come to that realization if you don’t help him. You need to start talking about your feelings, Mr. Holmes. I know it’s difficult, but you have to try.”
“You’re the one who said you loved me,” John accused, his lips growing thin. “Don’t blame this on me.”
Suddenly, two guards burst out of the fourth floor door, right across from them. Sherlock let go of Anna’s wrist and moved in front of her, disarming the first one and ducking as the guard swung his fist to clobber him in the face. The second guard was still in the doorway, however, and Anna saw her chance—she leapt past Sherlock and behind the door as it came away from the wall, then wedged herself in the gap and used her legs to shove the door closed with all her might. It smashed into the second guard, pinning him awkwardly between the door and the frame, and he yelped in pain, his gun still in his hand but now askew. Anna flipped the knife open and sliced out at the trapped hand—he screamed and dropped the gun. She smirked with satisfaction as she flung the door open again and stabbed him in the neck before he had time to react. The guard’s eyes widened in shock, and he coughed blood onto her face. “Ugh,” she grunted, pulling out her knife and shoving him down the steps in disgust. He tumbled into the wall below, and lay still.
I looked up at his irate expression. No, I hadn’t (purposely) acquired a life-threatening vitamin deficiency to see him again—although it did sound like something I would do. Really, it was the other way round; I’d forgotten to eat most of my meals in the last several months and used the resulting illness to my advantage.
“Bugger the plan,” John spat back. “When someone’s got a gun to my head, all bets are off.” He stretched out his hand with the key inside. “Here, go on and take it, for the love of God.”
“He’s fatigued, but in good spirits. The hearing went well, so he’s optimistic.” Sherlock searched John’s face, considering whether or not to proceed. “He asked me how you were.”
Anna quietly moved over to the couch and opened up her fiddle case. She pulled out the instrument and bow and stood next to Sherlock, noticing his eyes glancing her way as she raised it under her chin. She began to play, and though she’d never much liked violin music, and didn’t know the tune, she found that her band practices had significantly improved her accompaniment skills.
If it had been any other time, Sherlock might have tutted awkwardly into John’s ear, said something to the effect of “Well, now, there’s no need for
Afterward John had no clean clothes left for them so they had to remain naked through the night. It would have been a problem if there were not two of them as it was quite cold in the room, but lying together under the blankets proved warm enough. They also found a better position for sleeping which was how they had slept before on the floor, with Sherlock curled around John’s back and his arm draped over John’s side. However, since they both had no clothes on, they’d only slept a few hours before they found themselves awake and having sex again. Sherlock had his cock rubbing in the cleft of John’s arse and the hand that had draped over John’s side was bringing John off. There was a film of sweat between Sherlock’s front and John’s back and slick spot on John’s neck where Sherlock was breathing hard and open-mouthed and then suddenly another even wetter spot between them as Sherlock stiffened and thrust quickly through another orgasm. “Jesus,” said John, and panted into the dark room. “Oh Jesus, I’m going to come.” He grasped Sherlock’s distracted grip around his cock and stroked until he did.
apology.” He paused. “I don’t have the words for it, though. Nor enough time… nor breath.” His eyes suddenly shone. “What I said to you, that day, it…” he paused again, then nodded. “Yeah, it still haunts me. There’s not a day that goes by that I don’t regret what I said.”
is too long,” John replied softly, helping Sherlock to slide off his trousers. Sherlock’s erection jutted out beneath his pants, nearly free—John reached down and finished the job, then pulled Sherlock back into a kiss.
But they wouldn’t, the stubborn, thickheaded idiots. So Mycroft did it instead. Couldn’t really call it breaking-in or stealing, he simply used his clearance to get to the key and borrowed it without permission, then sent it out to his contacts on the black market and waited for Mary to bite. However, he had made a serious error. He hadn’t discovered at the time that Mary and Moriarty were working together; so, when the key ended up in
“You see,” continued his father, “Sherlock didn’t have any friends growing up. Neither really did Mycroft, for that matter, but at least he always had his group of cronies following him around. But Sherlock, he was such a lonely boy, that we decided—“
“You won’t. You won’t. Just please. Please get it in.” His voice was so desperate. I’d never heard him like this.
“Mary,” John sighed again, his expression softening under his guilt, “Mary, of course you and Anna are the first things on mind. Of course you are. I just… I’m just worried. That’s all. I’m really,
“Yes,” hissed John. “Yes, Sherlock. Just like that. Yeah. It’s good, isn’t it, it’s so good.” He was breathing hard, his inhales and exhales echoing loudly in space between them. He unzipped Sherlock’s flies and buried his hand inside Sherlock’s pants.
,” and reached over to grab her laptop from the coffee table. She settled back into the cushions and opened the screen—
Sherlock gazed between the two of them, an odd look on his face. It passed and he relaxed back into the pillow. “Fine,” he snapped.
. Twice in the span of… what was it, six hours? Unheard of. Uncalled for. Yet he wanted it, more than he wanted anything in that moment.
. It wasn’t exactly his favorite drug, alcohol, but at least it was something. He stamped out the cigarette on the railing and headed back indoors, spotting the bar. He began to make his way through the crowd, thinking of what he should order, when two familiar faced appeared across the room.
Anna turned around. “It’s… it’s December twenty-first, two thousand and twenty-eight,” she said, slowly, as if she thought Sherlock had amnesia or something.
” hissed John, when Sherlock finally broke away to suck on his neck and let his hands roam under John’s jacket. “For the love of—
Donovan shook her head. “No, ‘fraid not.” She looked at John. “It’s a damn good thing you’re here,” she said. “We’ll need you to help us get his statement.”
John pulled away, but only a little, only enough so that they could focus on each other’s faces, read each other’s expressions. John’s was apprehensive, scared, hopeful; Sherlock didn’t know what his was. Probably still shock. Sherlock noticed that John’s lips were too low, now, to meet his. He must have had to stand on tip-toe to reach him. All of that
“Oh, John, I forgot! Mrs. Hudson called,” Mary told him from the kitchen. “Sherlock’s flat is finished—he can go home tonight!” She practically sang it as she poured tea for each of them.
Mycroft’s eyes bulged in fear, and he was unable to speak. He dropped his umbrella on the ground and moved his arms up to try to push Sherlock off of him, but Sherlock avoided his feeble attempts.
! Just because you can’t act like a normal human being doesn’t mean that I can’t. I’m so tired of you and your… how you are so fucking oblivious to everyone else’s feelings!”
“I won’t let you fall apart. I won’t. I promise, you can feel good right now, and I won’t let it hurt you.” John raised his other hand and slid it back to cup Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock turned and pressed his panting mouth into the palm. His face began to relax. The tension in his shoulders eased. “That’s it. Yes, that’s it. Just relax. You don’t have to do anything.” His head thumped on the wall, and he mouthed John’s name against his skin. “That’s right. It’s me. It’s just me, no one else. Just me and you.” Suddenly Sherlock’s hips twitched, and he let out a cry. The sound was desperate and broken. John felt him come, hot and wet in his fist, and he made quick firm strokes to ease him through it.
John almost blew up, then. He almost yelled that he’d heard what Sherlock said to Mrs. Hudson, and that Sherlock was utterly stupid if he’d fallen in love with John, if he was waiting for John’s marriage was to fall apart so that he could have a go, because John would never, ever, in a million years, love him back. Ever.
My brother so kindly translated this definition for me on one of his more unwelcome visits (notice I said “more,” as they are always unwelcome). “So, John Watson has changed your orientation.”
It was even better than playing by herself, or listening to music; she went to The Void, but this time, there were three other people there with her. They’d dissolve their separate identities and become one entity of sound, throbbing and humming together. And when they’d finished, they’d all look at each other, bright-eyed and excited, because they’d just made something amazing. They were all part of that same experience; she’d bonded with each of them.
“Well, actually…” Sherlock started, pulling a packet out of his jacket pocket. The children’s eyes grew impossibly wider.
But Sherlock did not close his eyes, and the beast kicked John in the left kidney again, and John screamed once more.
Molly finished buttoning her trousers and grabbed her shirt, balling it up in her hands. “I’ll bring back yours later,” she said, distractedly. Her expression was one of shock and… sadness. She looked sad. “Just…” she put her hand on Sherlock’s arm, then stiffened and finished up by patting it. “Just ring me.” She swallowed uncomfortably and nodded once, then turned to walk out of the bedroom.
love her. I do. I know I’ve been selfish, absent… but I love my daughter, Sherlock. In another life, I would have been happy to raise her myself.”
John felt a shot of adrenaline. He switched on the lamp and knelt with one knee on Sherlock’s bed, grabbing his best friend to steady the flailing. “Sherlock—Sherlock, wake up—“ he instructed, firmly, and leaned in with all his weight to restrain the sleeping man. “Sherlock, it’s okay, it’s—“
“Sherlock,” John spoke, and the familiarity of his voice was like a slap in the face. Sherlock thought he’d forgotten how John sounded, but he hadn’t. No, he certainly hadn’t. He blinked several times, his mind racing, trying to understand Moriarty’s motivation. Why was John still alive? Why had Moriarty given him back? What did Moriarty want with Anna? And where was Mary, in all of this?
Sherlock let out a large sigh and glanced again around Anna’s room, the sight of it threatening to give him more unwelcome feelings. He quickly closed the door and went back downstairs.
“It’s the dark hair,” she told him, chuckling. “Well, that was one piece of it, anyway. Both my parents are just so…
about us.” She looked at their daughter in her arms, large, fat tears still running down her poor, confused face. “You never, ever do.”
“Please. I just want to be close to you. Closer than I’ve ever been with anyone. God, Sherlock, please.” His dirty talk was becoming more sentimental. And God help me, that was even hotter.
Anna had immediately thought of the crown jewels when Mycroft suggested committing a crime to get Moriarty’s attention. She would steal them, the same artifacts that he’d stolen all those years ago, except she would escape with them and bring them to him. She’d make an offering of them; it would be symbolic and irresistible.
being snide. “Sherlock’s not home,” she told him, looking back at her laptop. “Want me to tell him you stopped by?”
Carruthers returned a few minutes later to find Sherlock seated on the sofa. His wife was not behind him. “She’s just finishing up a load of laundry, and then she’ll join us,” he said, and moved to sit across from Sherlock. “So,” he started, with a smile, “How can I help?”
“No,” he said, his voice a little shaky. “And no,” he answered, “I haven’t.” He looked silly with embarrassment.
Sherlock swallowed. “It was a screwdriver. The handle.” His breathing sped up again. “He thought… he said he liked the
Molly and Sherlock sat out on the roof of St. Bart’s, staring at the buildings around them. Sherlock was thinking back to a simpler time, when all he’d had to do was fake his own death to outsmart Moriarty. But now the game was getting serious. There were so many players, and Sherlock couldn’t see the moves clearly; sentiment had fogged his field of vision. He cursed himself for that, for becoming so…
Sherlock, after a bit, pulled back and stood up again. John groaned in frustration and gripped the other man’s nearly unbuttoned shirt, pulling him in to another kiss. He tasted salty, musky,
“I’ll take some time first to develop relationships with the leaders in our network, and then, once I’m ready to take over, you’ll kill him,” Mary continued, simply, as if she were listing out the shopping. “You have the proper motivation already. We’ll make it look like you escaped, got your revenge. That way I can’t be tied to it, I can’t be blamed or mistrusted. I’ll usurp his position easily.”
“Until you’ve positioned yourself. Until you’re ready for me to kill him. How long will that be? It’s got to be long enough for me to recover.” He glanced down at his injuries.
John looked up through his fingers. He must have seen something alarming in my expression because he dropped his arms to his sides at once. “Isn’t that what
I raised my eyebrows in surprise and glee and leaned forward. Oh, this was too good. “So Mycroft was an accid–“
The second time John tried to break up with him, he’d chosen a public place. Sherlock realized (with a brief feeling of self-satisfaction) that John had been worried about being physically distracted again. Unfortunately, Sherlock hadn’t deduced that—nor the fact that John had brought him there to end things—until it was already happening.
be his sexual partner, instead. It was the one thing keeping him here, now. So I had to keep pretending, and he could never find out.
They started at the same time, the words melding together, then stopped, smiling shyly at each other.
“Oh, I know,” she admitted, wiping her eyes. “I couldn’t help it, though. If I had to root for someone… well, other than… it
Mary shushed him and pointed to a sleeping toddler in her arms. She waved to John and then padded down the hall to put Anna into bed.
“That would be a question for My croft.” Anna was nervous that she that she would say too much. She sensed that she could trust Molly, but she didn’t want to put her in danger.
“You survived,” commented John, his eyes sparkling with amusement. Sherlock didn’t answer, instead glaring at him in annoyance; but as he walked past to go unlock the cabin, Anna saw him squeeze John’s hand. John smiled after him, affectionately, as he stepped up the stairs to the front door.
“Come on.” John took one of my elbows in his hand as he made his way back toward my bedroom. Once we were there, he turned the lock on the door. It clicked, and he looked up at me. And I realized: this was a moment that would change things. Between us, between everything else in our lives. Every
. I wanted to die.” The parents began to avoid him, and the best way for them to avoid him was for their children to avoid his. So the whispers and gossip trickled down to the little ears of the children, and poisoned them against Anna Watson and the man who was raising her.
“So it must be someone who works here,” said John. He stood up and grinned at me. “That makes things a bit easier, eh?” He was teasing me, the arsehole. His smile was gorgeous. I was going to have to punish him, later. I thought about the ways in which I could do that. I pulled my coat tighter around my waist.
Mycroft had laughed. “You’ve used that one before, little brother. And it didn’t work that time, either.”
“I know. I know. Just relax. Just let me, please.” Sherlock’s head was tilted back, against the wall. His neck stretched long and white in the darkness. “God, you’re gorgeous. Jesus God. Sherlock.”
“Hello, dear,” replied the landlady, smiling. She went over to Anna, moving much slower in her old age. “And what have you got there, love?”
Suddenly, he was up in her face again, and grasped her hips to pivot her sideways as he climbed up on the table with her. He pushed her back so that she was laying down flat, and stared into her heavy-lidded eyes for a moment before sliding off the end of the table with a mischievous grin. She gasped again in surprise as he gripped her ankles and slid her forward on her bum, then leaned down on his elbows and dipped his head to kiss and lick all the way up her inner thigh. He wrinkled her skirt further up, now past her crotch, now up to her waist, his lips finally over her nub. Molly relaxed her knees apart (
Sherlock’s eyes followed her across the room as he woke up a little more. “Annalise,” he said, his voice suddenly stern. “What day is it?”
John stopped and looked up. He had been waiting to see which approach Sherlock would take. Apparently he was going for an indirect one. Well, that was alright. John thought he might at least get some help on the property before he sent the detective back the way he came. He hoisted the axe forward and out and Sherlock came over and took it, and looked deeply into John’s eyes. John knew that behind his own he was anxiously deducing John’s reaction to everything. Now that he was closer John saw that his coat was not black as he first thought but green, a deep green, and filled with goose down by the puff of it. His trousers
“Okay. Pick which one you want.” She chose the largest one on the stand, and he counted out some of the change in his hand to give back to the vendor. The little girl unwrapped the chocolate and pushed her long, dark hair out of her face before taking a big bite.
Sherlock let out a heavy breath, almost as if he’d been punched in the gut. His lips began to move underneath John’s thumb, and the sensation shot all the way to John’s groin.
John pulled away from my face and stared at me, deer-in-the-headlights-esque (what, John, didn’t think I’d catch you
Sherlock watched from the bottom of the steps as John flung Anna’s bedroom door open and stared at the sight in front of him. Sherlock knew what he was seeing, he knew the state of Anna’s room: clothes strewn all over, stuffed animals on her bookshelf, posters of pop bands covering the walls. John sat down, right in the middle of the hallway, absorbing it all.
. And he has a child. You’re not only jeopardizing his future, but the future of that baby… detestable as she is.”
“Oh, no no no no, I’m not done,” John told him, evenly. “No, you see, after I sever your cock from the rest of your body, and you begin bleeding out, I’m going to take that dying knob of flesh,” he held an invisible version of it in his hand, “and shove it down your fucking throat, until you can’t breathe anymore.”
“Yes. I’m perfectly fine,” Sherlock answered, willing himself not to stumble or fall over. He made it up the stairs without any major trouble and stepped into his flat, looking around and letting out a relieved breath. He was
That’s what he wanted me to say. But my chest was shaking so badly that I couldn’t say anything. I couldn’t even breathe. It was suddenly too warm in the flat, too fucking
Sherlock was about to respond, when he stopped abruptly and stared at the door to the morgue. John raised his eyebrows and tried to see what was the matter—but he didn’t have to wonder for long, because Sherlock pushed open the door, and there was Molly Hooper, up to her elbows inside a corpse. She looked up through her glasses and froze. “I… I didn’t think… anyone would… figured I’d work to, you know, to clear my…”
John looked over at me, his relaxed arms and relaxed legs lying all spread-eagle on the couch, and sighed in a way that suggested he’d given up. “It’s a love story, Sherlock. I mean really. Haven’t you ever been in love? At all? Even when you were young?”
When Sherlock woke up that morning, it was with a crusty shirt and sheets. He sat up in bed, looking down at the mess he’d made. He was going to have to do laundry today. But first things first: John. Sherlock threw on a new shirt and his dressing gown and made his way up the stairs to check on him. He cracked John’s door and peered through the opening, holding two ibuprofen and a glass of water. He studied John’s silhouette… yes, he was breathing. Sherlock tiptoed into the room and set the pills and water on the bedside table.
Apparently, Moriarty had broken into the Tower of London many years ago and “stolen” the royal crown, cape, and scepter. Well, he didn’t actually steal them, as Anna learned by watching the video footage during one of her training sessions. He’d broken in and put on the crown and cloak and waited for the guards to come arrest him. The whole thing had been an advertisement, apparently, for his crime network.
“I’ve never wanted to kiss anyone before!” Which wasn’t completely true; I just had never wanted to kiss someone a second time, after I’d already done it once.
“Then you should tell him that,” she said, suddenly stern. “None of this, ‘I used you and I feel nothing.’”
“That’s alright, I take it black now,” Sherlock replied. While he waited for the tea to brew he turned around and leaned back against the counter and took in the space before him. He scratched an itch on one foot with the other foot and John saw he was wearing thick wool socks that had got bunched up around his ankles.
,” John swore, and walked over to the mantle, putting his hands on either side of it to steady himself. “Jesus, Sherlock—“
been a pawn—she had always felt so ordinary, had spent her whole life, it seemed, slowly making it square by square across the years. But now she had reached the other side, and she had been queened.
John was rendered speechless for a moment. “What else?” he repeated, and he could hear the longing and regret in his own voice.
John swung his legs round the side of the bed and stood up slowly. He was wearing flannel pajama bottoms and a Hard-Rock Café (New York) t-shirt (gift from his sister, years ago). Both garments would have been in the bottom dresser drawer, the one that he never used… John blinked. Did Sherlock…
We caught him in an apple orchard just outside of the city, and spent the better part of twenty minutes chasing him and dodging his throws—two of which nearly decapitated me. John finally got him in the back of the leg with a shot from his gun, snapping his hamstring and causing him to shriek in pain while falling to the ground. John stood over him with the gun pointed between his eyes and proceeded to make calm but chilling threats about what he felt like doing to people who threw sharp objects at his “boyfriend.” He was sweating on his forehead and next to his ears so that the hair there was dark and damp, and his breath was coming out in bursts of fog, and his hand was perfectly steady as he spoke and cocked his gun in the man’s face like it was nothing. Scotland Yard showed up directly after and we went home in a taxi, laughing and chattering breathlessly.
But if they just showed up and she was put on the spot, she would agree to it. John would catch hell later on, for putting her in that position, but she would do it. She was too nice not to.
John grinned at me. Unfortunately enough, I knew what that grin meant, in that moment, in that context. I groaned internally, waiting for it.
Sherlock swallowed, resisting the urge to march over and push them apart. “Well, I’m pleased to hear you had such a good time.”
“I’m sorry, mate.” He heard Lestrade’s voice close and quiet in his ear, felt him put a hand on his arm.
Lestrade was resting against the wall, his hands in his pockets, staring down at the grain of the wooden floor. He’d been looking at the lines for a while now, following as they broke out from each other and then connected again. He wished the whole floor was one continuous grain of wood, and that he could watch it for hours, and push the events of the last day from his mind.
Five quiet minutes passed while the other three sat silently in the rocking boat. The wind picked up, and Anna began to shiver more violently. “May I?” asked Sherlock, looking at Mary and putting his hands on the front of his Belstaff.
Slowly, Sherlock spidered his fingers up the front of her and hooked them in the delicate elastic of her knickers. He heard a whimper from above his head and looked up to see Molly staring down at him, her chest heaving with her rapid breath, her expression caught between a smile and a sob. “Do you want this, Molly?” he asked, his voice rumbling deep and sultry in his chest. “Do you want me to taste you?”
Sherlock eventually left and John closed the curtain again, turning up the heat of the water and shutting his eyes. He stood like that for a long while, just letting the water run over his head and down his shoulders, before finally picking up the soap and washing the residue of the blood from his skin.
“It’s not the same,” said John, and for the first time in a while, he looked at Sherlock with pity. “I know you don’t understand, because you haven’t been with someone before, but—“
John takes it in, deep. He’s starting to make little choking sounds, which I love. His eyes are watering, and he’s looking up at me, watching for my reaction. He likes to watch my face. He says it’s like the whole world coming apart at the seams. He grunts around me, and slides his hand between my cheeks. Desire pools hot in my abdomen as he ghosts a finger over my arsehole. There’s no lube though so he won’t go inside, he just strokes and presses into the space between it and my bollocks.
Sherlock assumed a solid stance and took deep breaths, in and out and in again. The fog from his lungs puffed out and up in a cloud as he reared back and swung the axe around and down onto the stump. His top hand slid and met his other at the end of the handle as John’s had done, and the wood split. It did not split directly in half, but it split, and John was a little impressed.
Upset. Angry. Confused. This was not going well at all. Sherlock mentally cursed Major Sholto for giving him absolutely shoddy advice. “Well, I didn’t think you’d react like
John tenderly folded the case and bent down to open a cupboard, the one where Mary kept all the old towels they didn’t use anymore. He gently pushed them aside and reached to stuff the pillowcase all the way in the very back. He stared into the black hole, his heart aching with some kind of hurt that he still didn’t quite understand.
Sherlock stared at John for a long while. “Sleep on it,” he finally suggested. “Sleep on it, before you make a decision.”
“Sherlock?” It was Molly, pushing open his door a little further. He hadn’t realized she was still in the flat.
“Oh Sherlock, she’s thirteen—of course there are boys involved. Oh, it all makes perfect sense. But she’s a smart girl, and you have had ‘The Talk’ with her, haven’t you?”
“I didn’t tell you, because I didn’t want to—“ he smiled a little, bitterly “—scare you off. I knew that you were going to need some time to adjust to everything. Putting you in the middle of a marriage, that’s a lot of pressure, you know. I figured you’d have a hard enough time coming to terms with just being in a relationship, period.” He looked up at me, finally. “Guess I called it.”
As soon as his vision cleared the trees he sought out the spot where Sherlock had fallen. The ice was broken in a long line where he had tried to make his way to shore but the pond was large and deep and Sherlock had been in the water for nearly fifteen minutes. John could tell he was exhausted. His arms rested on the ice and his face was turned up toward the sky and it was barely out of the water. The ice beneath one arm was cracking and the arm fell in so Sherlock shuffled to the side to get it back on the surface. He was trying to keep his head above water because he had no strength left to climb out on his own. John shouted and waved the rope as he skidded down the hill and back around to the stump where the extension cord was tied. “Just hang on Sherlock, I’m coming, hang on!” and he grabbed the end of the cord and one end of the rope and tied them together securely. He stood up and looped the rope around his waist and tied it as he walked toward the edge of the ice.
He turned his head to look down the street, noticing the Christmas lights on the houses still lit and twinkling in the morning light. And then he saw two figures, one tall, one short, traipsing down the pavement. He squinted.
Sherlock watched him through his grey-blue eyes. “Thank you, John,” he said. He lifted his hand and held it out for a shake goodbye.
Sherlock picked up the pot of freshly-brewed tea (he’d made it himself, for once) and chucked it against the wall with all his might. It shattered immediately, shards of porcelain flying in every direction,  a dark, wet wash of tea bleeding down the wall and coagulating on the floor. He spotted the two cups and saucers and the sugar bowl and the creamer, still sitting quietly on the kitchen table, and threw each of them into the wall as well, for good measure.
Mary nodded again, her face full of regret. “I envy you, then,” she whispered. Then, “Do they hate me? John and Anna?”
The silence in the room was deafening. Ella blinked. “Oh!” she said, just to say something to break the tension, John thought. “Well.” She paused, looking down at her notes, then back up at the two of them. John was sure they looked like the two most miserable people on the planet.
“You can’t,” John said, his voice breaking. “You can’t tell me that it was all a lie. You bloody can’t, Sherlock. I know it wasn’t. I
. The sound of water dripping was the first thing John noticed. He struggled to open his eyes, but they seemed to be swollen shut; in fact, his entire body seemed to be swollen stiff. He breathed heavily onto the cold, hard ground, his thoughts and reason sharpening back to existence. He wasn’t dead, that much was certain, but he needed to determine just how injured he was. He started by attempting to wiggle his fingers and toes.
So, this was a thing, with both of them, not just John. It started to make sense, now, why Sherlock had been so upset that John wanted to go to therapy. The kiss had probably given him hope, that there was a chance. Bugger.
She got a shock as the knife slid in up to the hilt—she hadn’t practiced with a real knife before, and didn’t realize how light of a touch she needed to stab someone. She looked into the man’s eyes, his wide, fearful eyes, and felt powerful. She stared him down as she pulled the knife out, hot blood oozing onto her hand.
Molly got a sad look in her eyes and smiled knowingly, the way grownups always did when they were reminded of childlike innocence. She started to speak, but stopped as if she changed her mind. “He’s not lonely, love,” she said, finally. “He has
Anna tried to control her breathing as she felt a stab of uncertainty. She thought carefully back to when she was in training, back to what it was like. These people could have hated her the whole time, could have ignored her, could have just given her music to play and never said a kind word, but they didn’t. They liked her. Mycroft had paid them to be in the band, yes, but he hadn’t paid them to be her friends. He hadn’t.
Sherlock’s mouth had become a hard thin line. One side twisted in and John could tell he was biting on it from the inside. “It was me, then.” His voice was hollow with fury. “I was the reason you left.”
“No!” John roared, and lurched forward, and as he reached out to try to grab his hand the ice broke under his elbows and he sunk in belly first.
Sherlock smiled out of the corner of his mouth. “Off to bed with you,” he scolded at her, turning around.
“I have to milk the cow again,” John said and wiped his nose and his eyes with the sleeve of his shirt and handed the phone back to Sherlock. Sherlock removed his hand from John’s shoulder and he took the phone. John went to the door without looking at him and put on a pair of boots and a hat and another overcoat. This one had real sheep fleece on the collar. He went out the door just as the sun came out again from the clouds and Sherlock let him go.
“You had Mary,” Sherlock said, simply. “You were happy with her. You’d justified your new life. Anger, anger at me, would only cement that. The truth would have left you in pieces.” Sherlock stuffed his hands in his front jean pockets, in spite of himself. “And I’d already left you in pieces, once. I wasn’t about to do it again.”
Mary fidgeted in her seat. “I pretended like I didn’t. Most of the time, anyway. The chemistry between the two of you, it was… intimidating. Threatening. And the more I saw you two together, the more afraid I got, because it wasn’t just chemistry between two colleagues, was it? Or even between two friends? It was more than that. I tried to ignore it, I tried to tell myself that John really did love me, that he really did want to be with me. But there was one time, right before everything went to shite… John went to visit your parents, actually, and afterward I found out they’d tried to manipulate him into a romantic epiphany.”
Sherlock had looked very happy after John had said he was coming home but he had not spoken much to him since. It was odd for him but it was alright with John, for now anyway. There was a lot to digest and a lot to do that didn’t involve speaking. A lot of time to make up for, John supposed. He did wonder some things though like how long Sherlock had felt like this too and why he’d never said anything himself and why Sherlock hadn’t come to the woods sooner, but he reasoned that he’d learn these things in good time. The important thing was that Anna was alive and happy somewhere and Sherlock was here and with John in a way that he never thought he could be but always wanted, even when he’d forgotten about it.
Sherlock waited until the door was closed before getting out himself. He popped out around the front of the vehicle. “John!” he called, to John’s retreating figure.
When his skin had cooled, John let his hands slide slowly down his cheeks. “God, I need a drink,” he said, suddenly, and hopped out of the chair. He went to the kitchen and pulled a glass out of the cupboard, along with a bottle of scotch.
Sherlock knew John would want to leave. He could almost hear him saying it, the clearing of his throat, the shuffling of his feet, the deep breath and exhale before his spoke, without looking up, “I really think I should move out. It’s just too much, Sherlock. I just lost Mary, and the baby, and I can’t process all of this right now. I don’t want to give you any false hope, either… you know that I’m not… you know… and that means I can’t give you what you… it’s just too much, right now. I just need some time.” Sherlock felt his heart contract, an acidic pain spread out from the center of his chest, stinging his stomach, throat, eyes. Those words would be terribly, horribly painful. Just thinking about them had brought a little taste of that pain; he couldn’t imagine what the real thing would do.
“Please… do this for me,” Sherlock said, wrapping his scarf round his neck and sticking an arm through his coat. He turned to reach back for the other arm, grimacing in pain. John started forward and helped to ease it onto Sherlock’s shoulder.
He was aware of it, and had decided to embrace it instead of pushing it down, as perhaps he might have done before (before, meaning, when he was still “alive,” and married to Mary, and living in denial about his everlasting love for Sherlock Holmes). But it was more than just John feeling a little crazy about the man he loved, more than him needing some sort of validation that his feelings were reciprocated. Seeing Sherlock again, he’d recognized with dismay that he and Sherlock had lost something, a profound connection that they used to have…
John sighed. “I know you don’t, but it’s what has to happen. I have a duty to my wife and family. I can’t be a… a philanderer. I’m not that person. I already hate myself enough for all the times I haven’t been home to help Mary in the last two months.”
, Molly. I have a right to know what’s going on. For God’s sake, I’m her—her guardian,” he finished, lamely.
It was all just too much work. Mentally, physically, I just never could understand how sex was worth it. Granted, I hadn’t had that many partners (and most of them when I was a teenager) but I’d had a few. Both women and men (thought the problem was just women at first—which it was, and then it wasn’t), and I still never liked it. Preferred to be alone, if the need arose. The fantasy was always so much better.
Sherlock ignored him, shouting to John instead. “I’m going to get you out of there, John! It’s going to be alright.”
. So you must not kill them all,” he went on, deducing as he talked, “otherwise, it wouldn’t matter.”
Suddenly, Sherlock turned and flung himself over the toilet, retching loudly. John blinked, taken aback, then went to him. “It’s alright,” he said, his voice hoarse. “It’s alright, it’s—“ Sherlock retched again. John put his hands tenderly on his back, in what he hoped was a reassuring way. It was all he could do at the moment; he was in shock.
“John!” Mary barked, and John and Anna both looked at her. “Go in that bench underneath your seat cushion, there’s a wetsuit and an oxygen tank.” John stood up and rummaged around in the bench before finally extracting those two items. He closed the bench again and held them out to her. “Sorry, darling,” she told him, “I’m afraid I can’t go, as I’ve got to keep an eye on the other two; and you’re the only one who will fit into my suit.”
John shook his head. “I just couldn’t help it, you know? You’re a bloody force of nature, Sherlock. Larger than life. Larger than anything I could ever measure up to. I couldn’t help falling in love with you. You pulled me in. Like bloody gravity. I couldn’t stop myself from wanting you, even if I tried.”
there.” Mycroft paused to let her think about it. “If a situation arises where you need to escape, you probably won’t have any weapons in hand.” And then Mycroft looked over her shoulder, subtly nodding once.
Sherlock squeezed through the morass and pushed in front of whoever they were talking to at the moment. “Welcome back!” he greeted, making sure to go to Mary first. He hugged her, then inclined his head at John. “John,” he acknowledged.
Sherlock pressed his fingers over his closed eyes, then rubbed his temples. His head was hurting. “No, that was never the plan. Not the original one. I’d have much rather hunted them ‘alive,’ with you by my side.” Sherlock opened his eyes, and saw John’s were positively swimming. He continued. “But Moriarty gave me an ultimatum, on that roof: kill myself, or he’d kill the people I loved. So I chose the former. Moriarty told me the hit men had instructions to follow through with the plan even if he was dead, which is why he shot himself,” Sherlock explained, “so that I could never figure out how to make him call them off.”
, John thought; Mary’s reactions were much the same as John’s should have been, and what they indeed were when he’d lived with Sherlock all those years ago. She yelled, complained, stomped around, fumed quietly in the corner while Sherlock tried not to smirk with amusement.
“Mycroft…” he choked, his tears spilling over in lines down his face. Mycroft’s expression was soft, the softest Sherlock had ever seen it.
When their bare chests touched, something happened to Sherlock’s brain. His logical mind faltered and fell into the grip of something primal and instinctual, instead. He’d never felt anything like it.
Anna turned around and marched out the door, and Sherlock sighed from the bed. “So,” said John, after clearing his throat. He reached to lay his hand over the detective’s. “How
Carruthers’ smile grew as the man with the beard grabbed it and pulled it completely off his—well, actually,
“If only it were that easy,” Mary sighed, as if John had made an appropriate suggestion. “You have to consider the consequences of the mistake I made in making Moriarty the front-man of our little operation. He is, unfortunately, the one with all the connections, all the relationships with the powerful people in our network. If he dies by my hand, what reason will they have to trust me? To follow me? I’ll tell you right now: none. It doesn’t work like that, you can’t stage a coup when no one knows who you are.”
He asked John to turn on the radio during the ride back to Baker Street. John had hesitated, but complied without question—
Sherlock laughed and rubbed his tired eyes. “I’ll agree with that,” he said. He peered out the window, watching as they were about to lower Mary’s coffin into the ground. “You should go.”
“I didn’t sleep well last night (the baby, you know), and I can’t focus the way I should do. I’ll take a nap, we’ll talk tomorrow.”
“Hmmm,” John hummed. “Do you want to know what I was thinking about?” He reached up to stroke my thigh.
But suddenly a hand grabbed his arm, flipped him around, and pulled him into a hug. It was so uncharacteristic of Sherlock that John’s tears tried up in a moment, in favor of shock and awe. He awkwardly bent his elbows and patted Sherlock’s sides. “Sherlock…” John tried, but there was nothing he could find to say. So he just let Sherlock hug him, and waited for something else to happen.
John filled up the kettle and turned it on, then stood over it and watched it as it began to heat the water inside. The rumbling and rushing of it, the building up to something tumultuous, mirrored John’s feelings at the moment. He could feel Sherlock staring at the back of his head, he could feel the emotions of the past day churning and gathering momentum, and he knew it was all going to come out either in anger or in tears, and he’d have to decide soon which one he wanted it to be. “Neither” was what he really wanted… but that was impossible at this point.
she thought. She had no idea how to do that… She glanced at the sealed electrical panel next to the key-swipe and felt a sense of panic. Even if she got the panel open and managed to manipulate the wires, a thousand things could go wrong: she could set off an alarm, trigger a lock-down failsafe that would make the room impregnable….
John dropped his gaze and nodded. “Right,” he said, clearing his throat. “Right.” He stood up, with difficulty, and then limped back down the stairs to Sherlock’s room. A moment later, the door closed.
Sherlock glanced behind him, to make sure no one he knew was paying attention, before he extracted his second cigarette of the night and lit it with his hand cupped over the end. He took a long drag and exhaled in relief, his eyes closed. It had been a stressful two hours.
John sighed, continuing to massage Sherlock’s head. “To see my parents, for Christmas. They weren’t able to make it to the wedding, you know, and now with the baby… they want us to come stay with them for a couple weeks.”
“Anna, go see if Mrs. Hudson needs help with anything,” Sherlock ordered, not taking his eyes off John.
After a few moments, Sherlock’s breathing slowed. He righted himself and turned around. “I don’t want to talk about it,” he croaked. “Not to you, not to the police, not to anyone. Ever.”
that there should be sacrifice for a greater purpose. She felt it was a slippery slope. How far would Mycroft go to protect the world? How far
Lestrade smiled, knowingly. “Oh Sherlock, you’re still the smartest damn man in the country. Maybe even the world. I’m sure you’ll find a way to keep solving crimes and step up the game on personal safety. Get a little creative, will you?”
A very large, muscular man stepped up into John’s chamber. He grabbed John by the shirt collar with one hand and effortlessly peeled him off the glass, throwing him hard into the opposite corner. There was a loud
Anna had a special tool she’d gotten to extend her screwdriver around corners. She attached it to the screwdriver, then stuck it out the grate—and it immediately dropped onto the floor, just out of reach. “Bollocks,” she swore, banging on the grate in frustration. It fell off the wall and clattered innocently to the ground.
John attempted to ignore him. “I—“ he started again, blinking rapidly, trying to keep his thoughts coherent. “I’m not a cheater, Sherlock, I’m not. I feel terrible about this. I married her, you know, I made a… a vow…”
Carruthers’ face lit up at the name, and his eyes grew hopeful. “Has there been word from her? Has she been found?”
“What does this key have to do with anything?” Anna asked again, exasperated, her arms still wrapped around Sherlock’s neck.
As for espionage training, Anna found that though lying came easy, having to remember a pre-existing story was difficult. Often, Mycroft would give her an entire file on an alias, with names and dates and family history, and she’d have to memorize all of it in thirty minutes. She was awful at it. However, if she created the false identity through the act of lying, she found that she could remember every detail she made up. But it had to originate from her mind, and it had to happen in the moment—on the spot. This fact made Mycroft incredibly nervous; it meant that planning intricate lies ahead of time would not be an option. It was much riskier, but it would have to do.
John shook his head, willing away whatever his initial response had been to that question. “No, that was… it’s fine. Thanks a ton.”
John stood there and attempted to placate his wife, while Sherlock, in the meantime, smiled and quietly lay back on the floor to watch Anna and her blocks.
Note: I decided to create a fake museum for this chapter; having never been to England (unfortunately!), I don’t know what any of the real museums are like inside. And being too lazy to research it, I decided to just make one up :)
“Of course, his whole ‘sociopath’ routine fell apart when he met you, John,” Sherlock’s mother said, smiling (if a little slyly) and watching for John’s reaction. "He became very much attached to you, didn't he?"
“I just can’t believe it,” said John, all starry-eyed and sleepy. “She’s the most wonderful thing I’ve ever seen.” He shook his head. “God, she’s already turned me into a full-blown sap,” he noted, clearly not caring that it was so. He smiled up at Sherlock. “I’m sorry, I’m such a blubbering fool right now—“
I liked pleasing him, I did. I liked the way he responded when I touched him, or made a sound, or said something explicit. The first time I put my mouth on the head of his cock, he let out a whine so unabashed that I couldn’t help grinning with pride around him. If John was pleased, that meant I was proficient; if he was blown away (so to speak), that meant I was stellar. And if I was stellar, in every facet of our life together, he would never want to leave.
“I’m not telling you you have to admit it to anyone—just to yourself. So that you know now that you’ve been in love. That you know what it’s like.” She smiled. “Welcome to the human race.”
Sherlock spun around just as the taser hit him, sending him to the ground in convulsions. Lestrade again glanced over to where John was laying, and John tried to give him a reassuring look. Lestrade nodded once, lifted Sherlock’s body over his shoulder, and hurried to the exit without another look back.
“It’s disarming,” John’s voice rose, “how innocent you look. That probably worked to your advantage, didn’t it?”
John’s ears perked up. Those were almost the exact same words that Sherlock had used when he’d scolded him about being passed-out drunk in the living room. “He wanted to be caught,” John breathed, not really realizing that he’d said it out loud. But it was like a sort of epiphany, for him.
Detective Inspector at Scotland Yard. Lucky for him, he’d gotten away with all of it and grown out of that rebellious phase, straightened up, left all that behind—
the case that just landed on my lap—and I mean that literally—“ Sherlock paused. “What the devil is going on there? Are you murdering a baby? Because it sounds like you’re murdering a baby.”
had a night terror, he would not have admitted it upon waking. He would certainly not have cried on John’s shoulder. Or let John kiss him.
,” or he might have just grimaced and remained silent while John got his fill of human contact. But, in that moment, he instead lifted his arm and rested his palm along the center of John’s back.
he wondered. But in spite of how upset he still was with her, the sight pulled at his heartstrings. “Molly…” he said, giving in and walking over to her. “Molly, look at me.” His voice was stern, but she kept her head in her hands. “Molly!” Sherlock got down and sat on the edge of the coffee table in front of her. He pulled her hands away from her face.
He just couldn’t believe that this was it, that Sherlock had been outsmarted, outwitted, out-deduced, and that John was going to die for it.
“Ohhhh…” He nodded in comprehension. “A tea party. Well, then you’d better bring the lot of them. Wouldn’t want any of them to feel left out.” He chuckled to himself as he watched her scamper off to grab the others.
John turned to Sherlock. “I don’t care what you do or don’t explain,” he spat, “so long as you tell her that Carruthers deserved what he got. Worse. He deserved even
I can’t raise a baby by myself!” He laughed bitterly at the prospect—what an absolute nightmare, that would be.
And then, Anna looked down at her chest and felt the sharp knives sitting there patiently in their sheathes. She laughed at her own stupidity.
And there, standing in front of her, gagged and held by Moriarty’s guards, were the three members of her band.
John stared at them, and then responded by holding his up straight. Anna began to look disappointed, until he popped them the same way as hers. She grinned.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she chanted, white-faced, as Mycroft marched her down the hall to another, smaller room and closed the door behind them. “I didn’t know what I was… did I… I didn’t kill him? Oh my God, I didn’t mean—“
“Annalise, I know this is a lot of information,” Mycroft said, carefully. “But I need you to accept it, and move on. Because I must get to the present problem before Sherlock arrives home.”
He spun back. “If you want to kill yourself, then go right ahead, do it. But don’t expect me to stick around and watch!”
Damn it, why didn’t he ever lock the door? Sherlock splashed out of the bath and grabbed his dressing gown, folding it around himself and glancing in the mirror.
Band practice was another thing entirely. Anna had, at first, found it ridiculous that they had to practice at all. “All part of the lie, Annalise,” Mycroft had told her. “The more truth we put into it, the less we have to fake.” Anna was able to talk him down to one practice a week, however—at least, for her. The other members still had to be there on the other days, to answer the phone if Sherlock called. And to write songs, of course.
? What happens to us? I should think that’d be the first thing on your mind. I should think that you’d love us enough to—“
“I’m surprised you all made it down here without the escorts I sent,” he remarked, casually. “But, since you
John shook his head, his eyes shining in the lamplight. “Jesus. I thought I was coming back to Sherlock Holmes… but he doesn’t even
When it was over, John stayed pressed against him on the wall until his breathing slowed to a semi-regular pace. He felt Sherlock release the fabric of his shirtsleeves, where he hadn’t even realized he’d been holding on. He looked up, and Sherlock’s eyes were still closed very tightly. “You alright?” he asked, stroking his cheek.
But John didn’t go to the loo. He padded down the hall, and instead of turning left, he turned right, into the laundry room.
To Sherlock’s horror, John began to cry. He buried his face in his hands and his shoulders shook, and he started making little sniffing and gasping sounds. Sherlock didn’t know what to do—he’d never seen John cry before. And then John’s legs gave out and he sat, weakly, on the floor, drawing his knees to his chest and putting his face into them. He continued to cry for some time, while Sherlock just stood in front of him, completely at a loss to understand anything that was happening. He began to have a nasty, unsettling feeling that perhaps this was all a dream.
I rolled my eyes and looked back at the screen. There had been a homicide in Wembley, and a very mysterious one at that. I was trying very much to care, but I all I could think of was,
Mary winked at him. “Oh, Sherlock, I’m joking. Don’t look so scared. Do you think I would give this baby away right now? Just look at her, the angel. Feeding her is my favorite time of day.”
“Ah, sorry.” I dropped him and clenched my fingers into a fist and back, feeling the stickiness left over.
The sun began to rise, pretty flecks of pink and orange dotting the underside of the clouds, as Sherlock slid his key into the lock on the front door of 221B Baker Street. He turned the key, heard the familiar “click.” Turned the door knob. Opened the door.
Mary’s face had grown thunderous, and she’d shifted her furious gaze to John. John, in turn, had made the mistake of asking, “Why are you looking at me?”, which was apparently the wrong thing to say; Mary made that quite clear later on in the night after Anna began to scream for no good reason (probably because she was hungry, John thought) and John had looked to Mary for help; and instead of getting up from her chair as she normally would have done, she turned a too-innocent face towards him and mocked, “Why are you looking at me?” before going back to her magazine.
Anna stared at him for a moment, as if she were trying to decide if he was serious or not. He bit the inside of his cheek, cursing himself for not making her apologize more often. Luckily for him, however, she must have come to the conclusion that he meant it, because she spun around and went over to Lucy. “I’m sorry,” she said.
Sherlock smirked. “And it hasn’t been seen since. Apparently there have been all sorts of MI6 missions to find it and bring it back. So far, none have succeeded.”
John formed various starts of words with his lips, unable to produce any sound to go with them. Sherlock kept watching him, waiting for an explanation. What had he been trying to show? Had he expected Sherlock not to feel aroused, to prove his love was platonic? Well, if that was the case, it had backfired abominably.
Emotions were so messy, so debilitating, and he knew that, had known it ever since he was a child. He supposed his resolve started to break down the moment he met John Watson.
John snorted into his drink. “Sure, yeah, right… m’bed. Yes.” John blinked at the whiskey bottle, sitting on the coffee table. How did it get there? Wasn’t it in his hand?
I let him pull me forward until I was lying on top of him. My hips squirmed on his, and he thrust upward at the contact. I leaned forward and kissed him, and kissed him, with my tongue lapping languidly at his lips. He groaned and rocked against me in a rhythm. I felt his cock getting hard again.
Anna looked back at him. She had lied to Sherlock for months while she trained to become a spy. She had destroyed their relationship to create an alibi for her disappearance. There was no turning back now. “I’m ready,” she said.
The apology wouldn’t be sincere, though. Because if Sherlock hadn’t picked John up out of the chair, if he hadn’t put him in the washtub, if he hadn’t held him as he cried, there would have been no kiss.
There was an echo of a door opening, and footsteps across the concrete, tentative, light. Anna looked up wearily and blinked back her tears, focusing on a short, pretty woman with long, dark hair, her blue eyes staring intently into Anna’s brown ones. The door closed, and that echoed, too.
“I only said it because I knew that it was what you wanted to hear.” (The opposite of true.) “You kissed me. I liked it. I was curious. It was the only way.”
her,” John said, after several seconds of silence. “That he could… that he thought he could do that. And that he did.”
“A lofty aim, I know. But Moriarty was… I thought he wanted all the things that I wanted. He was sympathetic, and passionate. I suppose I got swept up in his grand plan for this ‘criminal network’ that could wreak havoc on the government. What I didn’t realize was that—well, to put it bluntly, Moriarty is a complete lunatic. He doesn’t
John chuckled. “Increased blood flow, eh?” he teased, turning around with two cups of tea in his hands. His smile faded, though, as he looked at Sherlock standing there in front of him.
“He’s Sherlock Holmes,” John stated, sighing in the darkness. “He’ll probably keep us from fucking it up ourselves.”
“I think it’s probably better if you just go to him, John. I don’t want to…. I don’t know anything, for sure. Don’t want to assume.”
“It started after you jumped,” he continued. “The last place you were alive, it was more comforting than visiting your grave. And private, for the most part. The occasional hospital worker would come up to have a smoke. But other than that, it was a good place to be alone and think.”
They brought the boxes up the stairs of 221B and John helped Sherlock unpack them, moving at a deliberately slow pace to make the visit last longer. He even went so far as to purposely put things in the wrong places, so that Sherlock scolded him and made him redo everything. But, eventually, it was all put away and there was no reason for John to stay—it was close to suppertime, anyway, and Mary would be wanting him home. He stood in the doorway, facing Sherlock, trying to hide his misery.
John saw the giant move in his direction, getting ready for the next blow. “Look away, Sherlock,” he managed to say, his voice hoarse. “Don’t watch. Close your eyes, don’t—“
“Shhh,” John said again, his heart twisting in pain at the sight. “It’s okay.” Sherlock sat up, fingers still grasping the fabric of John’s shirt, and let his head fall into John’s shoulder. John put both arms round his back, pulling him into a sturdy embrace.
John went on. “At first anyway. But then I felt… guilty.” He saw Sherlock glance over at him, sharply.
