"I know, kiddo. That's not your fault, though, and Cole was just happy that you were happy, I think. Even if he was jealous." It had been far too easy to see it in Cole's eyes when he watched Castiel.
Gabriel pulled Castiel against him, hugging him close. "Missed you so damn much, kiddo." It felt like forever since he'd been able to hold him.
"So are you taking time off, Dean?" Bobby looked at his eldest son.
Cas reached forward and started the four-wheeler, then grabbed the handlebars. “Ready?”
“Very much so.” He kissed Dean’s cheek. “The only person I can imagine being with.”
Sam tried to hold back his excitement as she licked him. “Thank you for the kisses,” he praised, shyly touching her fur.
Castiel felt a sense of panic but he gripped Dean's jacket, which Dean had draped over him, and huddled beneath it.
Cas nuzzled Dean’s neck. “Stop teasing him, Gabe.”
"What do you mean, we are spending Christmas with the Winchesters?" Gabriel froze in pouring himself a scotch.
Eyeing his lover, Dean moved down to his knees, nuzzling Castiel's cock through his boxers before he pulled them down out of the way. "May I, Sir?" He teased a bit, deciding to play with that little word.
Sam let go of Gabe long enough to hug Cas tightly. “It’s okay, Cas. Stay. If you get too upset, you can come find me.”
Gabriel held him close, tucking himself as close as he could to the other man.
Gabriel kissed him back, cuddling against his lover. "Just me, Gorgeous."
Sam finished his last two assignments in record time, gleefully closing his computer. Then he went in search of his man.
Pleased, Cas gently tugged his hair and gasped when Dean closed his lips around his dick. “Oh, fuck. Dean, That’s so good!”
She flung herself into his arms, cuddling into him. "I missed you, Daddy!"
“Yes! All yours!”
"I love your green eyes," Cas murmured, rubbing his belly. "I love your nose, and your mouth…"
“No, baby.” Sam moved his hand again, holding Gabe securely as he continued to stroke his cock.
Sam yawned. “I think today is a movie day. I just feel... weird. Like I could sleep all day.”
Gabriel shook his head, swallowing hard. "I'll scold him later like Sam said." Dean'd just tried to do what Castiel had asked him to do... all because Gabriel had told them that Dean didn't have clothing.
Cas surprised him by kissing his neck. "All mine."
Castiel was so beautiful, with the happiness shining in his eyes. He leaned down, kissing him softly.
Gabriel looked at it, sliding his hand over the small of Sam's back. He didn't look bad- he looked completely in love and amused. "Good. Now where, love?"
Breathless, Sam nodded and quickly got out of Gabe’s lap. His cock was heavy and aching as he rushed to their bed and bent over the mattress.
"Unfortunately, no. He needs an x-ray," The nurse told him. "He's got discoloration and swelling. I can take him down after, though."
"Mm-hmm. You're so big and you stretch me perfectly." Sam gasped a little at the thought.
Sam glanced at his watch and groaned. “It’s almost three a.m.”
Gabriel grinned, moving to grab his coffee. He needed a refill and a cold shower. "I look forward to it."
The dogs, rejoicing at being let in, jumped on the bed. Gabriel rolled his eyes, cuddling into Sam.
“And getting bigger by the minute. She’s healthy and I have to pee all the time.”
“He’s gorgeous!” Charlie gushed, eager to scratch the dog’s ears.
"So?" Gabriel cupped Sam's face, kissing him softly. "I asked for it, didn't I? I didn't tell you to stop. I wanted it."
Gabriel watched as the got Dean onto the table, then worked to get the things set up for the transfusion. "All right- I am going to start by sedating you a little, Dean. This isn't going to be fun."
Shit. Caught. Dean flushed, looking into Castiel's gorgeous blue eyes. "Er... I might have a small crush on him."
"Not Bob?" Gabriel teased, pointing to one of the orange boys.
Raising a brow at Sam, Gabriel tilted his head. Knowing Sam, there was a multitude of things that he could be feeling guilty over. "For?"
Fuck! Dean jerked as pain raced through his side, and he jerked open Anna's stall door as another shot sounded, tearing a hole in the wood. There was a small explosion, and Gabriel fell.
“Hey...” he gently grasped Gabe’s arms. “It’s okay.”
"Athena, That's enough, " Dean told her, nudging her towards Castiel. "Uh... we got a dog." He took the giant bag of dog food from Bobby.
"How's he a weirdo?" He smirked, nipping at his mouth. "Mmm... my love. You're sleeping after, right?"
“What would I study?” Dean asked as he followed his husband into their room. Cas hummed in confusion. “As a student?”
Dean raked a hand through his hair and stared down the hallway at Cas’s door. He sighed and stood up, squaring his shoulders.
“I would like for Grace, you, Gabriel, Meg, Dean, and Sam to be there.” Charlie’s mouth fell open in surprise. Dean kicked her softly under the table. She looked over to him and he subtly shook his head.
“You didn’t have to hide that from me, Cas. You were just hurting yourself,” Dean said, frowning.
"What?"
“This. This whole day. First, I wake up to an empty apartment. Then, I get married.” He looked at Cas. “That part was ridiculous in the awesome sort of way.” He turned back to talk at the stalls. “Then, your mother, my mother, my dad, and Mr. Cheater McLiesAlot over here all do stupid fucking shit.” Sam rolled his eyes and opened his mouth to defend himself, but Dean cut him off. “It’s been ridiculous,” he giggled somewhat hysterically. Castiel joined in, partially because of the situation and partially at the congested yet indignant tone Dean’s voice had taken after his nose had clotted. Sam chuckled too, at least until Charlie, Gabriel, Pastor Jim, and Meg all entered the women’s room.
“Let me get dressed at least?” Sam grinned, happy Dean was going, which was a surprise. Dean hated being sick, but he hated admitting he was sick even more.
“Sorry,” Lucifer began, “it’s just, when you describe someone as, the other person who resides here, you don’t draw these conclusions.”
“I just came in to see how you were doing, but I guess I got my answer.” Dean sneezed, which made him flinch and clutch his throat in pain. “Dude, you look like hell. You should really get that checked out,” Sam suggested. Dean rolled his eyes. Cas was pressing him to go to the doctor too.
“I can’t invite a client,” Dean said, already knowing he’d lost the battle before it even began.
“What about work?” Dean asked finally, attempting to pull himself out of the dream world where they readjusted their entire lives because of an abandoned kitten. A few minutes ago, he’d been protesting the idea of touching it.
“Cas,” Dean began, abandoning the hunt for coffee altogether, “are you okay?”
“Hey,” murmured a sleepy voice. Dean sat up, leaning toward Cas to capture his lips for a good morning kiss, but was surprised when Cas flinched away from the contact. Dean yawned before he asked, “You okay?”
They walked into their home and greeted Sam, who said that he’d been keeping Grace out of their bedroom. She was currently rolling around on the sofa, purring. Cas smiled at her and set out to remake their bed with clean linens from the closet, squeezing Dean’s hand briefly in thanks.
“Please don’t be so spastic on your walk.” Lucifer commanded.
"I don't know." Sam replied, putting his hands up. "You should probably talk to him, though." Dean looked down.
“Nothing’s broken. Don’t be a baby,” she said tapping him on the tip of his nose, which earned a gasp of pain. She waved as she left, but stopped and grabbed Gabriel’s shirt collar, dragging him out too.
Cas looked toward the wall.
“Fair enough.” Stated Gabriel.
“Gilda,” Charlie said, with a cheesy smile on her face.
"Follow me. Breathe with me." Sam took another deep breath. Soon, Cas was following suit. "Better?" Cas nodded.
“I don’t know. He’s an hour late.” Dean turned to Cas and lowered his voice, “Do you want a beer, or to lay down, or something?” Castiel shook his head in his hands.
It wasn’t that he didn’t trust Dean. He just didn’t want to talk about it. Dean shrugged and continued to kiss up his arm. Castiel pulled his arm back, stood up, and walked away. Dean watched him curiously for a moment before shrugging. Cas probably just wasn’t feeling very affectionate at the moment. It had happened before to the both of them. They just weren’t in the mood for the affection the other had to offer, but something was different this time. Dean  could tell what the mark was. It was quite clear, but he’d thought Cas would tell him bluntly like he usually did whenever Dean came across a peculiar mark.
“No.” Cas tapped his fingers gently against his thigh. Dean watched the movement before he set the bin aside, not bothering to put it back. He reached to hug Cas, but hesitated.
“I think I’m going to go take a walk.” Cas deadpanned.
“Can I hug you?” Cas looked up at Dean in surprise, but nodded his acquiescence. Dean wrapped his arms around him, squeezing tightly for a second before letting go—just the way Cas liked. “What the hell happened?” Dean asked, voice brimming with concern.
“The fridge. I slept at the table, but the fridge. Do you hear the—” Cas hummed at a specific pitch for a moment and then looked to Sam for an answer. Sam started to shake his head, but just before Cas went back to humming, Sam heard the noise and nodded. It was coming from the fridge. He opened the fridge and freezer doors and wiggled the appliance, trying to see if something was slightly off balance, or if it had just been pushed too close to the wall. It continued to make the same sound.
“Anna.” Replied Gabriel and Castiel at the same time. Lucifer looked between the two of them, confused. Dean eyes were wide with surprise that Castiel had perked up at this, and three of his siblings were gay, he was pretty sure that was a statistical anomaly.
“No,” he whispered. “No, no no no.” He turned on his heel and walked towards the kitchen, leaving the door ajar behind him.
“Which one of you bought him cigarettes?” Naomi asked, standing at the foot of Castiel’s bed. Her voice never lost its cool, calm tone. She didn’t yell or shout; she kept herself under control at all times—even when she punished or slapped him. His mother was unshakeable. The siblings looked at each other and then down at the floor. “All of you will be punished if someone doesn’t come forward immediately.” It took a moment, but Lucifer stepped toward her.
"What’s wrong?"
Dean smiled. “Okay. Would Linda and Greg really care if on occasion you made a gesture or two?” Castiel took a minute to consider what Dean was saying.
“I would if there was a fire.” Cas replied, and Dean immediately understood.
“Great, so I’ll take care of the florist and figure out where to put cat stuff, then we’ll be really and completely done.” Charlie stuffed her binder of wedding plans into her bag, kissed Dean’s cheek, and darted out the door without as much as a goodbye. Sam and Dean chuckled, while Cas buried his face in his arms on the table.
“It’s what Balthazar and Meg do for fun. I figured you might enjoy it as well,” Castiel replied, fingers still digging into his hand. Dean stifled a laugh.
“You can break up with me if you want.” Castiel said in a monotone, dropping the broken lamp into the bin.
"Let's watch a movie."
"I don't know!" Dean rubbed a hand over his face. "He's been acting so—off, and he was so upset about it, so I looked it up. And I told him what I found, and he started going off about psychiatrists and me not telling him what to do, and then…” Dean swallowed heavily. “Then, that happened."
“Well, ‘night, Cas.”
“Fiancé,” Dean corrected automatically. “Who—”
“I snooped and found certain items in their shared closet in their shared room with one bed.” Castiel went pale at the thought of anyone touching his things.
Castiel looked at the pastor and faltered for a full minute before he came up with, “Dean and I haven’t discussed it.”
Dean stood in stunned silence for a moment, before he burst into laughter. “Buy a guy a drink first.”
Cas  was pacing, which, generally, was not a good thing. He hadn’t been having a difficult time lately, in fact, just the opposite. In his opinion, he was doing an exemplary job. He was always good at his job, but lately he’d been making an extra effort at the socializing part. His home life was great, especially compared to the last time he and Dean had moved in together. Sam was there, which was different, but he had been making sure not to alienate his brother-in-law. It wasn’t hard, seeing as said brother-in-law had been making himself scarce. It was difficult keeping stuff bottled in all the time, and the several psychology courses Cas had taken in college told him that it wouldn’t end well, but Cas was going to let off some steam. Eventually.
“The guys at work, your entire family except for your Uncle Crowley, and Bobby, Rufus, Ellen, and Jo. Oh, and that really cute girl who came into the garage yesterday when I stopped by at lunch to find out which band you guys picked.” Dean raised an eyebrow. He was lucky he’d met Charlie while in high school; she knew almost everyone he cared about.
“All right,” Sam said, putting his hands up. “Want something to eat?” Dean cringed at the thought of anything going down his raw throat, and even more at the thought of his brother’s cooking.
“Oh my God, I didn’t sleep a wink. I’m pretty sure the neighbors thought someone was being murdered." He replied. They were both more sober than they had been when Dean entered the room. Dean was horrified at the story. He partially wanted to throw the brothers out, and partially wanted to hug them because he felt bad that they had such a horrible mother.
“Come on. Cake, then it’s over.” Charlie said, strolling back in.
“Are you kidding me?” the redhead shrieked. There was more angry whispering before Anna stood up. She drew herself up to her full five-foot-three-inches and shoved Sam hard, sending him stumbling back several paces.
"Oh, you know, Ruby dated Anna, and she, you know, tells me stuff."
"Stay on topic," Sam snapped.
"Are you sure?" Dean asked. "After meltdowns you usually can't do the whole television thing." Cas paused and collected his thoughts.
"Maybe you were right. Maybe I can't handle this."
“Of course Dean, they are my brothers. I’m sure I can handle it.” Castiel replied absently. He was going to fine, he kept assuring himself, doing his best not to worry his fiancé.
"Are you sure you'll be okay?" Asked Dean for the umpteenth time that day.
Dean cocked his head slightly to the side. “What does that mean?” he asked genuinely.
“Why did you buy it all that stuff?” he asked cautiously, dreading the answer.
Dean looked through local job listings, but the only ones he found that he was qualified for had obscure hours that neither he nor Cas would be happy with. He didn’t know when it happened, but he ended up drifting off.
“I’m his mother, Naomi.” She held her hand out, but was met by a glare. “Right,” she said, putting her hand down. “Well, I came to see if Castiel could come home with me for a few days.”
“Novak,” Cas blurted. Heat rose to his cheeks when he realized how stupid he must have sounded.
He knew where the car was, Cas realized, as he pulled the door closed behind him. He should have known. He wasn't sure what he was supposed to know at the moment, which was scary. It didn't alleviate any of the fear he felt when Dean had that look on his face. Reading people was not his forte, but he was great at reading Dean, and Dean looked concerned. Cas quickly checked himself, and his foot was tapping. Reluctantly, he stopped tapping his foot and crushed the cigarette package slightly before tightening his muscles and folding his hands in his lap.
“Quiet hands? That was something my therapist taught my parents when I was twelve.” Spat Cas. Dean had never seen him so annoyed or pissed. “I guess it never fucking stuck though.”
“About what?”
“Hey,” Dean grumbled as he passed his husband and kissed his cheek. Cas jumped away from the contact, but Dean didn’t notice as he tiredly shuffled to the coffee pot. He blinked in surprise. “No coffee?” Castiel needed coffee to survive most mornings.
“I did,” Lucifer said. Castiel blinked in surprise. Gabriel had bought them. Castiel’s gaze flicked quickly to Gabriel, who also looked surprised. Naomi quirked her head, maintaining a neutral smile.
Suddenly, Dean had Cas’s hand, and the bowl problem went away, as Cas was led into their bedroom. Cas lay awake. He was slipping. He had been doing well, but now he was slipping. He looked over to his husband, who seemed dead asleep again. He could do this.
“Yeah, well when four of the Novaks are hella gay, you think everyone is, I’m surprised you don’t.” Gabriel replied.
“You shouldn’t smoke.” He muttered, throwing an arm around Cas, before falling asleep.
"I'm sorry. I may have blown things out of proportion." That line felt weird. He’d said that before after arguments with his mother, but there was a new context in this situation. He did blow this out of proportion. He had a panic attack for God's sake. He relinquished control after maintaining complete control over the past few weeks.
“We are engaged, so getting married is the logical next step,” Castiel replied, his voice staying casual despite his partner’s excited tone.
“I promise that if the white suburban parents get mad at you for anything that makes you more comfortable, I will back off. Cas, you need to stop, you are going to bubble over, and maybe get lung cancer if you keep doing whatever it is you’re doing.”
“Okay, well, you can personally invite your friends yourself because I don’t have their addresses,” she managed to say pleasantly. “It’s fine, both sides are the groom’s sides anyway.” Charlie smiled. “When will Sam be here to try on tuxes?” Charlie had put a security deposit on all of them, and she needed to return them by seven, so she was eager for him to show up.
“Well, I started school a while ago, which was an interesting experience. Jess has been great, I mean, kind of,” he began. He started relaying all of the joys and stresses he had experienced over the past few months. Two hours later, Sam was seated on the floor and his eyes were red from crying. When Castiel looked at him with his intense stare, Sam’s face reddened as he realized he’d accidentally talked to his brother’s fiancé about his sex life.
“So, we only have one spare room, but…” He was cut off.
Cas had been able to keep his stimming under control around Dean for the most part. Sure, he drummed his fingers and tapped his feet so much he must seem very impatient, but he tried to keep his stimming quiet, opting instead to smoke more than usual. Sleepovers with Dean were the best and the worst parts of his week. He adored being with Dean—the sex was quite profound— but Cas also enjoyed just spending time with him, whether or not nudity was involved.
“Cas, are you okay?” Dean asked, his voice growing concerned.
“What are you, five?” Dean asked, but he started giggling as well, before snorting and coughing blood from his nose into his hands. Castiel tilted his head in confusion, but went to fulfill his intended purpose for coming in. Women’s restroom or not, he had to pee.
Castiel shook his head. “I’ll get it,” he said, already standing up. Cas opened the living room door to find a slightly sheepish Sam standing before him, hands in his pockets.
Castiel paced the garage's waiting area before he finally went outside for a smoke. His sister had brought his car here a week ago, yet the bearded man at the desk told him the car would be finished in a couple of hours. Cas thought a week should have been long enough to fix an engine, and he was loath to stand around for another two hours. Anna would have stayed with him, but she had reservations with her girlfriend. Castiel almost started to dig his fingers into his arms, but instead took a long drag of his cigarette.
“Castiel left the number of Doctor Wesson on the counter. We’re going now. You looked dead, and it took me ten minutes to wake you up,” Sam said, voice full of concern. Dean glanced over at the clock, it was five p.m.
“I’m going to call Meg,” Cas said quickly. He had already decided on a course of action after listening to Sam’s voicemail telling him to meet the Winchesters at the hospital.
“Pet her,” Cas suggested, still smiling.
“Gabriel is a part of my family,” he said to the table.
“Alright. I’ll see you later.” Dean walked back to the apartment, feeling an anger he couldn’t really put a name to until he walked inside and saw Gabriel and Lucifer laughing on the couch.
Naomi grabbed his arm and jammed the lit cigarette into his wrist. Cas wanted to howl in pain, but the sound caught in his throat as he gasped at the shock of the burn. She dropped his arm. He dug the pack out from his pillowcase, and handed it to a frightened Lucifer. Naomi nodded as Lucifer opened it.
"Seriously, make up."
Yesterday hadn’t been the best day. He didn’t leave the parking lot until he was supposed to be home. Dean didn’t notice, but his coworkers did. When they called, he told them that he had strep throat in what he hoped was a convincing sick voice. Cas realized he’d been off lately. He hadn’t felt this distant since he’d been living in his mother’s house.
“Actually, it’s cake, dance, then it’s over,” she corrected. “Would you like Sam to tell Anna what he’s done before or after?” Dean and Cas looked at each other.
The doctor returned with a copy of his file for the allergist and a small packet on how to easily manage allergies. He ran back through the medication suggestions with Cas and then sent them on their way, advising that Dean call to make an allergist appointment as quickly as possible.
“I am your mother, dear. I wasn’t about to stand on your stoop.”
“Why should I join a country club?” Dean asked. Castiel shrugged.
"Hi," Cas replied, coughing lightly.
“That’s cool. I’ll take the couch.” Lucifer offered.
Sometimes Dean slipped into his mind and distracted him at work for a few seconds. He’d given Sam advice regarding his relationship with Nora, but he found something else wrong with the advice he had given; he couldn’t remember her face.
"I can't," he said as his breath hitched. Sam took a deep breath. Cas watched and tried to mimic him.
“No. I need to be away for a while.” Cas replied, walking away.
Dean had one pet in his life, and it hadn’t even been his. It was definitely Sam’s dog—Sam’s aggressive stray dog. The whole experience had been traumatic for the brothers. At the end of the week, Bones had bitten a chunk out of Dean’s arm, and the next day their parents had the dog put down. It had taken Sam a month to even look at Dean again, and another month before he would speak to him again.
“Obviously fucking not,” Cas replied as he took another drag of his cigarette. He put it out on the counter, before grabbing the open bottle near the fridge. Dean’s eyes widened as Cas took a swig of the whiskey. Dean grabbed a tumbler out of the cabinet and handed it to him. Cas poured some out and knocked it back.
"Out!"
“Meg, would you please take a look at Dean’s nose before you leave?” Castiel asked, avoiding everyone’s gaze by staring straight down.
“Cas, you couldn’t have texted back?” Dean asked loudly.
“Just pet her. If you really cannot stand her, we can take her to an animal shelter,” Cas pleaded. Dean sighed and braced himself. He reached his hand out, and gently scratched Grace’s back. The kitten let out a tiny mew and ran over to crawl onto his lap, but it had trouble getting up his leg, so it licked the denim, and looked up at him. Dean couldn’t help the smile that stretched across his face.
“I promise.” Dean soothed. He let go of Cas and held his hand out, but Castiel declined, instead, standing as far away as the sidewalk would allow. “Do you want to head back?” Dean asked, shivering.
Cas hesitated. “I care! This move has been an opportunity. Linda wanted me to help her plan her wedding and Greg thought that was vaguely homophobic.” Dean was caught by surprise again.
"Are you and Dad gonna make up soon?" Sam mocked.
“I can’t do it. Dean, I can’t. I can’t. I can’t. I can’t.” Dean was extremely worried now, everything was fine a few minutes ago, he wasn’t even stimming. Cas had sprained his wrist when hand flapping got too bad, so he grabbed his hands with some difficulty.
“Thank you.” Then, on a whim, “What's your name?”
“Are you saying that you want me to be your trophy wife?” Dean joked. Castiel looked up at his fiancé’s face.
"I didn't have a meltdown. I've been doing my damnedest not to have a meltdown these past few weeks."
“I told her if she ever came back, I’d call the police.” Castiel took a second before grinning back at him.
“I’m surprised you still do that.” Lucifer stated. “Especially in front of your boyfriend.” Dean looked at the scene for a moment, a bit stunned.
“When we first started dating, Meg’s friend Eve did a full background check on you. I also know you were arrested for vandalism when you were seventeen and it was expunged from your record.”
Cas watched as Sam whispered something to Charlie before heading out the door. Cas’s anxiety edged slightly higher. Where was Sam going? He was supposed to give a toast too.
"I can't breathe," he said as his breath became faster and shallower. "I can't—" He started hyperventilating, bringing his hands up to his ears.
“Hey,” Dean said, shifting to put his phone in his pocket.
“Please, Dean? Despite only knowing Grace for a few hours, I’ve grown emotionally attached to her. The only other time that has happened is when I met you.”
“Where did you get these?” Naomi asked calmly. Cas shook, unable to speak; he needed to be allowed to stim and calm himself down if he was going to respond verbally. His mother sighed. “Well, you don’t have friends. Was it one of your brothers?” Castiel didn’t respond; he just froze ever so slightly and, evidently, looked guilty. “I thought so.” She left the room as quickly as she had entered. As soon as she was gone, Castiel started twisting his arms together anxiously; the pressure of his arms against each other helped to clear his mind slightly.
“So, anyway, that’s why I’m so happy for my best friend and his husband,” she looked over, “Dean…who is somewhere else, apparently.” Slightly awkward chuckles rang through the audience. Cas blinked, unsure of what to say or do.
“I’m glad you’re okay. Can I please hug you?” He asked, sometimes after an outburst, Cas didn’t want to be touched, but he climbed under the covers and snuggled close to his fiancé.
“Cas, you okay?” Sam asked, as he entered the room.
“I’m really not an animal person,” Dean said tentatively. It was very unlikely the tiny kitten was capable of tearing him apart, but he still was hesitant around animals.
Castiel set his jaw angrily, still unable to speak. He was well aware of the possible complications of smoking. Even if he hadn’t been, he was perfectly capable of researching the warning label on the packet. Castiel also doubted Gabriel would have bought them for him if he had thought Cas would have been in serious danger. Gabriel was really the only one who understood what smoking meant to him. He had caught Castiel smoking under the bleachers at school. After a long conversation, Gabriel saw smoking really did calm him down. Gabriel figured, as long as he was the one buying them for his brother, he couldn’t overdo it.
The cake was supposed to have been cut ten minutes ago. Luckily, Charlie managed to get everyone dancing and chatting, but they kept sending tentative glances toward Cas, who was on his fourth drink since Charlie ended her short speech five minutes ago. This whole situation was chaotic and Castiel was regretting ever going through with it. He wished they had chosen a small wedding in a courthouse without a reception. He wasn’t going to his usual home after this. He’d already come to terms with that the night before, but he couldn’t help the small bit of panic that fluttered in his stomach.
Castiel thought for a minute. “Lucifer, Anna, and Balthazar, and my cousins Hannah, Samandriel, Gadreel, and Ezekiel,” Cas replied.
Cas angrily threw his arms into the air, frustrated he couldn’t make the noise stop; it was making his skin crawl. He clawed into his arms and started to hum louder.
“I'm sorry, is that a type of car?” he asked, slightly confused. “I could have sworn it was a gun or something like that. Of course, I could be mistaken. I only took three mechanical engineering classes, and I didn't really learn many specifics regarding cars or guns.”
“Gilda?”
Dean’s  thumb firmly massaged part of Cas’s lower back as they danced. Cas leaned in and captured Dean’s lips, drunkenly smooth. Their dancing turned to swaying as Dean pulled Cas tighter against him.
"With Ruby?"
“Do I ever put any pressure on you?” Dean asked. His voice sounded scandalized, and he believed he had every reason to be scandalized. He couldn’t remember one time in their entire relationship where he tried to force Cas to be something he wasn’t. Cas thought for a moment.
“I can’t—It’s you and work and Sam and you all want me to be normal, and I want to be normal, and I am, sometimes, but—” He took a drag of his cigarette. Dean switched his lamp on.
“It must be a birthmark,” Castiel recited the lie he’d practiced in his head.
“I’m in my bedroom. Dean’s here. I’m fine. I’m in our bed. I’m in our bed. I’m in our bed. I’m in our bed,” he murmured until Dean started to stir. He clamped his jaw shut.
The man let out a short, genuine laugh. “A college man, huh?”
“Goodnight, Sam.” He waited until Sam awkwardly turned away, before going to his and Dean’s room. He changed and slid under the covers beside his sleeping fiancé.
“Can you do it just after we’ve left?” Dean asked.
“Your mother called me. Apparently, he relapsed.”
"We're not serious or anything."
"What's your point?" Dean asked.
“You are sick,” Cas said after a minute of deliberation.
“You cheat at poker,” Sam tried.
Dean rolled his eyes at the note. He wasn’t that sick. It was just a cold, he thought as he burst into a sneezing fit. Luckily, Grace had come to comfort him.
“Just allergies,” Dean replied, uncomfortably shifting in the bed.
“I’m fine,” Dean said due to the wild look of worry on Castiel’s face.
Dean ignored her. “Cas, come on, just go to bed. I’ll take care of it,” Dean urged gently, trying to grab his hand. Castiel flung his arm away.
"Wanna invite her to dinner?" Sam raised an eyebrow.
“Come on, isn’t that weird show where everybody dies that you like so much on?” Dean asked, grabbing his hand and leading him to the television.
“Those are the things required to maintain a cat,” Castiel replied. His hands were flapping ever so slightly as the kitten crawled across his lap.
“What are you doing?” Anna asked, his hand hovering mid-air over her back.
“What’s up, Cas?” Castiel’s arm was flung across his eyes. “Hey, hey, what’s wrong?”
“Charlie’s already on top of planning. She has a whole book just in case we have a spring wedding,” Dean said hesitantly, gauging Cas’s body language. There were no nervous stims; in fact, a huge grin was plastered on the older man’s face. Cas paused for a minute before responding.
“Can I help you?” Cas watched the man’s lips as he spoke, his voice accompanied by a smirk. Cas looked up, checking to see if he was the one being addressed. The man was clearly looking at him, but Cas was at a loss for what to say; he had already told the bearded man why he was there.
“I will. I love you too.” Castiel slumped against him. “It’s actually adorable when you act all protective,” he said into Dean’s neck.
“Of course, she can’t stay unless you consent, but I implore you to give it some time.”
“I may have an answer,” he replied very seriously. She chuckled slightly, sniffling back her tears.
“Hello?” Dean was confused; Cas had been fine all day. What had the woman done to get him so worked up?
“No,” Dean groaned. “The doctor here is fine, great even. He already knows what’s going on and hasn’t mocked me for being sick, which I count as a plus.” He was only half joking.
Dean considered what Cas said before sitting up, crossing his legs, and facing him. Cas shifted, letting his head rest against the headboard, his hands still clasped together in his lap.
“So, what do your brothers do?” He asked, his eyes fixed on Castiel’s red wrists.
“Can you consider what I said?” Dean asked, as Cas stood up.
“Cool, well, I’ll show you where you can keep your stuff.” He cast one last concerned look at his fiancé before showing the brother’s to Cas’s cool down area. He left them bickering about which was better, Blow Pops or Tootsie Pops, and went to check up on Cas who was pacing and flapping his hands frantically.
“’Dear’ is a term of affection, Mother,” Castiel said angrily.
"I'll try."
“Castiel, what did I teach you about making a scene?” His mother sighed. “All those years in therapy and nothing to show for it apparently.” She wore a tight  smile, as if she were sharing an inside joke, but Castiel wasn’t amused.
"I don't know, we were fighting and then he just—"
"No, I could divorce you if I want, which I don't." Cas didn't respond. "I did sign up for this. I love you. I signed up for every part of you. I'm not concerned that we think, feel, or see things differently. We don’t have the same brain and that’s okay.”
“My SATs?” Dean asked wide eyed. They had been together for a few years, but he couldn’t recall any conversation where they traded SAT scores. Cas blushed. Dean sneezed into his sleeve and then stepped on the gas as the light turned green.
“When did we move?” Castiel asked.
“Where is your car?” Cas asked, tapping the pack against his palm. Dean looked oddly at him.
“I’m going to be going back to Kansas tomorrow. He needs a steady support system if he wants to avoid rehab this time. I apologize, but our Sunday brunch will have to wait until you’re back in town.”
Castiel shook his head. His thoughts were stuck on the noise coming from the fridge. He could feel the hum in his bones. His circular thought pattern was broken when Sam’s voice blocked out the sound. “Could you talk?” he asked in a very loud monotone.
“I missed you.”
“Before you continue terrifying them into submission, may I speak with Sam and Dean for a moment, ma’am?” Pastor Jim asked Charlie, looking slightly scared, as he well should.
“What?”
“Cas?”
Dean half grinned. “I can tell.” His grin faded and looked down at the floor. “Look, about yesterday, I know I don’t have to protect you, but I want to. I don’t want you to get hurt, and I was just as pissed as you that your mother came here.”
“I don’t care about that, Castiel. I love you. You could show up naked and covered in bees and I wouldn’t care. Well, I would care, but I certainly wouldn’t be embarrassed by it!”
Charlie looked slightly frustrated, only part of it was due to Cas, though. She had been calling venues and renting tuxes and dresses. She was starting to wonder how she had been so excited that one of her best friends was engaged. She cursed herself for offering to plan the wedding. At least she kind of already knew what she was doing. When Dean started getting serious with Cas, she had started planning a wedding, just for laughs and to make Dean blush, but she saw stuff, and kept adding to it until she basically had a full wedding plan. The only difficulty was in implementing it. Thankfully, they were having a small ceremony and reception, but that didn’t relieve any of her stress.
“Do you need cab fare?”
“We have one last thing to go over before Sam gets here—invitations.” Charlie looked between the couple. “I already know who Dean will invite, what about you?” She asked, pointing to Cas, despite the fact that he wasn’t looking at her. Before Cas could open his mouth, Dean protested.
“Stop,” Cas whined playfully. “I’m trying to read.” He turned his head to kiss him anyway.
“Yeah, but you assume everyone is gay.” Lucifer quipped.
“We’ve handled our fair share of meltdowns, and they don’t even happen that often. Maybe once every couple months. He can handle it, if I intervene it’s because I’m worried, and again, I get it, big brother thing, but he lived by himself for a few years before me and besides having a messy apartment, he was fine.”
"Stimming?" Cas asked.
“Hey.”
“At Stanford?” The car pulled to a stop at a red light and Dean turned to his husband. Castiel’s expression softened into what seemed like he was attempting sympathy.
“I promise, if they’re wrong, I’ll call her myself, but I’d really rather not. Could you sit down and talk to me while we wait for the doctor?” Dean asked gently. He was propped up on the examination table, the doctor would be back any minute.
“You just suck at poker,” Dean quipped.
“Yes?”
“I love you.” Dean stated.
“Want to finish this conversation at your place?” Dean asked as he stood and held out his hand to help Castiel up.
“Not really the most comforting thing you could have said.”
Dean knew something was wrong as soon as he pulled into the parking lot. Castiel’s car was still there, even though he was supposed to be meeting with a friend of his from work. Dean hurried inside and cautiously opened the door to their apartment.
“Maybe they’ll go away,” Dean murmured in his ear, but Cas stood up and pulled Dean up with him.
That morning, Cas had woken with Dean’s arms pleasantly tight around him. He looked at the clock—it was nearly 9:30 in the morning. He stretched his free arm over to the nightstand Dean had graciously bought specifically for Cas’s ashtray and cigarettes.
“Is there anything I can—”
“I’ll be right back,” Dean whispered to Cas, who flinched at the light tickle of his breath. Dean followed Sam out the door.
“Yeah but,” Dean began grabbing Cas’s hands, “you seem nervous.” Cas looked down at his wrists which had been rubbed raw.
“Geology and Latin?”
"I freaked out."
In the car, Dean returned to their conversation.
Castiel was already feeling better. The cigarettes were helping, but he would have to quit again. Finger tapping wasn’t that big of a deal. He could do that in school. Dean was right. Cas went into his room and crawled under his weighted blanket. There was a lot of stuff to fix, but he could get through it.
“What did you feed it?” Dean asked, staring at the animal suspiciously.
She put her hands down and let the door shut as she stepped back inside. “Sure.”
He stopped awkwardly in the middle of the hall and stared into the living room. Dean came up behind him and peered over his shoulder.
“Actually, that’s twelve, plus Grace. Well, not Grace in person, but I would like for you to teleconference her in, we aren’t going to pick her up from Meg’s until the day after.”
“I went to the store and bought her cat food, a litter box, some toys, and a collar,” Cas replied. He’d never had any pets before, but he knew the fundamentals. Dean looked between Cas and the kitten. He had never been a huge animal person, and he was having trouble comprehending there was an animal in his apartment.
“He looked like he was going to hurt himself.” Gabriel replied.
“Why’re you throwing me under the bus?” Sam asked Cas.
“Cigarettes.” Dean reached over to the other bedside table.
“You’ll be joining them?” he asked Cas.
“What am I allergic to?” Dean asked miserably. He hoped this had nothing to do with the croisookie he’d had the day after they moved in because it had been delicious.
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled playfully. He was tired, and just as eager as the other two to get the planning over with. He could handle the wedding, but he had to admit planning was boring. At least Charlie was there. She was good at keeping Dean and Cas from getting too annoyed, despite her own slight aggravation.
Castiel dropped his hand back to his side. “Nothing.”
“Dean! Dean!” Dean scrambled awake, startled from a heavy sleep.
"You're having a panic attack. You need to breathe," Sam said calmly.
“I gave him a black eye. He broke my nose,” Dean slurred  back. He hadn’t eaten either, and Cas was sure the blood loss didn’t help.
“Cas? Cas! What are you doing?” Dean grabbed his hands. Cas needed a moment to process the situation. His left wrist was bleeding slightly. He looked up at Dean, who seemed to be examining the miniscule puncture. Cas pulled his hands away from the contact and stood up in a panic, twitching away from Dean. He could feel his vocal cords vibrating as he hummed, trying to push away the dread that filled him. He shook his hands at his sides, just barely refraining from flapping. He needed his cigarettes immediately.
Castiel had started smoking when he was fourteen. He had to keep it hidden from his mother, a difficult task as she had a sharp nose. He found smoking helped him focus and it calmed him down. He didn’t feel the need to stim as much when he was smoking. The ritual and habit was enough. Pack the cigarettes against his palm, pull one out of the package, flip it between his fingers, light it, and inhale. He could tap away the ash or take a hit when he needed a moment to think about how to phrase a sentence. Smoking helped; as far as he was concerned, the rewards outweighed the risks. He had started after watching a video in health class. People had talked about their addictions and everyone who spoke about cigarettes said smoking helped them calm down. Cas had been sick of Michael calling him a spaz. He’d heard it much less often since he’d taken up the habit.
“Please,” Cas managed to choke out. “Please don’t.”
“It’s about your father,” he replied, eyeing Cas warily. Pastor Jim wasn’t sure how much Cas knew of his father-in-law’s condition.
“Do you want to spend tonight at your place?” he asked.
Cas supposed it wasn’t that far off from a usual Winchester wedding. A lot of phones were raised in the air, filming the dance. Kind-hearted laughter echoed through the hall at the couple’s awkward stumbling. Meg and Gabriel were nowhere to be found or else Cas was sure they’d be in hysterics at the whole situation.
"I will. In my room." He shuffled forward.
“I don’t remember why I came in here. There was a bowl.”
“I figured as much at lunch. Did you find anything you’re interested in?” Dean’s grin faded and he looked away.
"I'm not going to see a psychiatrist," Cas growled.
“So, where’re Dean and Charlie?” Castiel could tell something was wrong with Sam. He had the same expression—tight eyes, slight frown—Dean made whenever he was upset about something he didn’t want to talk about.
“I don’t have any cigarettes,” Castiel replied, beginning to pace again.
Dean was sick. It wasn’t like he had to go to work or anything, which pissed him off a little bit, but since he was laid up in bed, he figured he may as well look for the umpteenth time for any garages or bars or shops looking for employees. He almost got out of bed, but found his laptop lying on Cas’s side of the with a post-it note stuck to its lid.
“Sure,” Cas said.
"I didn't even—"
“I did though,” Cas replied forcefully. “You don’t want to be seen with me when I do that moronic shit,” he said, paraphrasing what his brother Michael always said before Cas started smoking.
"No!" Cas snapped. "I'm fine."
"I can manage," Cas replied coldly.
“Her complaint was that I didn’t share what I was thinking or doing with her. I have attempted to remedy that while dating Dean.” Sam’s expression softened into one of appreciation.
“What is?” Castiel asked.
“Cas?” Dean asked before Cas could lean down to his mouth again.
“Of course,” Cas replied stiffly. He was mindlessly digging his nails into the back of his hand. It was silent for a few minutes.
“Let’s see what that bitch wants.” Cas slammed the glass down onto the counter, accidentally cracking it. He looked at it for a second, surprised, before he continued toward the door.
The downside was just as stressful as the sex was pleasant, however. The sleepovers disrupted his routine, causing him no small amount of stress and anxiety. When he slept in too late or didn’t have a change of his own clothes available, he wanted to dig his nails into his arms. Instead, he settled for the cigarettes. Dean tolerated the smoke, but always wrinkled his nose and called it “a disgusting habit.”
"You're still seeing Ruby?"
“Which one?”
“Hey, I have a question,” Anna started hesitantly. Castiel looked at her seriously, briefly deliberating putting his hand on her shoulder, before deciding to just go for it.
"Do you want to at least try?" There was a long silence. Cas didn't want to fight anymore either, but he also didn't want to...do that. They sat in silence while he tried to find the words.
Cas lingered in the exam room doorway staring at Dean. He wasn’t bleeding, had no visible wounds or bandages and he wasn’t wearing a cast. There was no visible bruising either, except for maybe under his eyes. Last night, Dean had woken up with a headache and began sneezing so badly that Cas had to get up and spend the rest of the night in his cool down room.
“Castiel, you’re supposed to behave normally. Smoking could affect your therapy. We don’t want that, right?” Michael asked slowly, as if Castiel couldn’t possibly understand. Castiel hated when Michael used that tone of voice. Castiel was far more intelligent than Michael regardless of how abnormal his family thought him. He didn’t want to be treated like a small child.
“Hello,” she replied. “You must be the boyfriend.”
"Let's watch a movie now, and we can talk about it later." He leaned in and kissed Dean before getting up and heading to the living room. Dean followed. They still had a lot more to talk about, but until then, they marathoned Lord of the Rings in companionable silence.
When Dean woke up, Meg had arrived and Cas was talking with her in the living room. After some teasing, Meg provided them with some “samples” of extra strength allergy medication. Castiel bought humidifiers, and after the allergist confirmed that it was Grace, Cas and Dean, with much prodding from Meg, decided to get allergy shots. Cas had been worried that keeping Grace would be detrimental to Dean’s health, and needles had always freaked Dean out, but Meg convinced, in her own special way, Dean to be brave, and Cas that he would be fine. Even Sam had been sulky while they waited to find out if Dean responded well enough to the shots to keep Grace. Everyone was much happier when it was clear that with the shots, Dean was fine as long as he didn’t touch his face immediately after petting her.
“What do you want?” Dean asked, moving to stand in front of Cas. Naomi rolled her eyes at his protectiveness.
“What happened?” Castiel asked, though it came out slightly slurred. His thinking was still relatively clear, but his balance and motor skills had been rather affected by the alcohol.
“I’m not really sure. I shut the door in her face and didn’t let her explain. Are you okay?”
“Um, sure.” Sam tried to think quickly. “What do you want me to talk about?” Castiel shrugged.
“What?”
"My point is that he may be a little bit sensitive about being autistic," Sam suggested.
“Well, how did you know? She didn’t tell me.” Asked Lucifer in a slightly hurt tone.
“You weren’t yourself yesterday. You had a shutdown and went to sleep without coming out of it. I was a little worried, but mostly I just missed spending the evening with you.”
"Look at me like I'm some autistic kid to be pitied," Cas spat furiously. A few minutes ago, he couldn't make himself go to the kitchen, so the fact that he was exhausted should have come as a relief, except Dean’s announcement. Dean was trying to diagnose him, just like everyone else. Even after all that shit about him not caring, he still decided to diagnose Cas’s problem.
Sam sat down next to him, close but not touching him. "Hey Cas, you're going to be okay." Sam soothed.
"Hey," he said quietly before he started coughing on smoke. He waived his hand in front of his face.
It was coffee time now though. Coffee time was good. He didn’t have work today either. It would give him a chance to get over it. He looked around the kitchen uncomfortably. There was too much. The fridge was there, but it was supposed to be there. The table was there, though it also belonged in the kitchen. There was a bowl, but the bowl didn’t belong there. Cas stopped pacing to stare at the bowl. It belonged in the kitchen, but it didn’t go on the table…or maybe it did. Cas couldn’t remember where the bowl went. He was almost positive it didn’t belong in the kitchen, yet he was also fairly positive he could remember using the bowl in the kitchen. It just wasn’t in this kitchen. Cas didn’t remember this kitchen. He liked the kitchen that was there before.
Dean looked down at his lap guiltily. He had absolutely considered fleeing. “Okay, we will.”
“That’s sweet, but I’m not really the country club type, you know?” Dean said humbly. He hadn’t had the childhood Cas had, which was a blessing, but one difference was that the Winchesters never had money. They got by, sure, but with a mechanic father who occasionally lapsed into alcoholism and a teacher for a mother, they never had the money the Novaks had. When Dean considered how awful most of his husband’s family was, he thought that may have been a good thing.
“About what?” Cas asked, tilting his head.
“She is a kitten. I found her outside. She didn’t have a collar or anything, and she looked hungry,” Castiel explained, cooing at the tiny ball of black fur.
“I heard all the cool people are hanging out in here,” Gabriel joked. “I can see why, smells better than the men’s room.” Only Charlie had to stifle a laugh.
"Having a meltdown. Or maybe just stimming a little bit?"
Dean froze, stunned with anger. Cas might not have processed her words, but Dean knew what that phrase meant to Castiel—the memories it brought back.
“Huh?”
“I’m Dean. You got a first name there, Novak?”
"Trust me. Breathe in as deep as you can." Castiel shook his head.
Cas paused. “I’ll think about it,” he said, reaching for the doorknob.
“Michael, please don’t.” The cigarette wasn’t helping anymore. Castiel dug his fingers into his wrists anxiously, the cigarette between his fingers bending under the pressure. Michael sighed.
“What about him?” Sam asked darkly. He had the least amount of tolerance for John’s behavior. After what happened with Jessica, he was even angrier about his father’s antics. He was a firm believer that addicts only had themselves to blame.
“Anyway, Cas, angel, the love of Dean’s life, who do you want to be there?” Castiel paused for a minute. He was tired of the planning, but eventually came up with an answer.
“M’fine,” he said before erupting into sneezing fit that made him light headed.
"I'm not trying to make you do anything," Dean replied, confused. Cas wasn't usually one to jump to conclusions, especially accusatory conclusions. "I wanted to hang out today. Just you and me getting used to the apartment. That's all!" he yelled. Cas sat down on the bed and buried his face in his hands.
“Yes.”
“Wait, four?” Lucifer asked. “There’s Balthy, me, Cassie, who’s the fourth?”
Dean laughed and turned, about to catch Cas’s mouth with his own. “Wanna make up for our lost evening?”
"Maybe a little."
“Oh, it’s far from over.” Dean smirked. “Come on, I’ll grab some clothes and my toothbrush. Mine’s the green one, right?” Cas glared; Dean had tried making that joke the night before.
“Just leave me alone, Castiel,” she said through tears.
"Please, I've been through plenty of finals," Sam dismissed. "What were you fighting about?"
“Did I say something wrong?” Castiel asked, slightly frustrated.
“No. I am an adult. You can’t send or take me anywhere.”
Castiel woke on the kitchen floor, covered by his weighted blanket, and with a pillow under his head. A warm body leaned softly against his side. He could hear Dean gently tapping on his phone for a moment before the soft sound stopped.
“Huh?” he asked, rubbing the bridge of his nose in attempt to relieve the pressure in his head.
"You're right." They sat in silence for a moment. "So, Ruby?"
“Do you want Dean?” Sam asked helplessly. He had seen three of Cas’s meltdowns, but Dean had been there every time.
“Sure.” Charlie nodded approvingly. “But then I get to talk to Sam alone too.” She turned on her heel and left with a sense of accomplishment. Sam’s face went white.
“We were also supposed to have our break an hour ago,” the man growled back.
“I think Sam looks very attractive in both suits,” Castiel said politely.
“I thought it was something serious. Good, maybe you’ll see you don’t need one every five minutes.”
“A coffee stand on campus has a sign that says, ‘hiring,’” Castiel suggested. He was aware the position wouldn’t be filled by Dean, but he was trying.
“We’re almost done,” Charlie assured, patting his arm softly. Castiel jerked away from the light touch. He looked up guiltily, balling his fists by his sides, digging his nails into the palms of his hand.
“I love you, Dean. Goodnight.”
“Yes, nearly everyone works there, though, they’re currently trying to force Lucifer out, and all Gabriel really does is taste test.”
Dean chalked it up to the missing coffee. “Come back to bed with me. Later, we’ll go to the grocery store.”
"I can't. I can't—"
“Oh, I caught them in a compromising situation when I was still living with our parents.” Castiel replied.
“Gabriel works at a candy company and Lucifer co-owns the company with my other brother Michael.” Dean raised his eyebrows.
“I wasn’t sayin’ that just to get rid of her, Castiel. We need to talk, you’ve been weird since we left the factory. What’s going on?” MacCready asked, trying to be empathetic, though most of that was reserved for Benny considerin’ the guy was lying on a stretcher half dead because he’d knocked him out of the way multiple times and took hits meant for him.
It had excitement and warmth flooding through him quickly.
“RJ!  Knock it off, both of you!” Castiel yelled, trying to shove MacCready away from Dean but found himself getting pushed away instead.  They were all standing so close he wasn’t sure who moved him exactly.  All he was sure of was that the motion caused a sharp cramp to erupt in his side.
Bobby sat there for a moment, keeping his eyes locked with Castiel's before finally coming to a decision, “Very well.  You have an alliance with at least Sanctuary Hills.  But it’s not just up to me to make the decision for all of the Minutemen.  We’ll have to travel to the Castle for this,” Bobby said.
“Well yeah, you’re lost without me old man,” Dean teased, as he clapped Bobby on the shoulder with an extra-wide smile. “It’s good to be back.”
Dean quickly snapped a photo, it wasn’t super flattering but he was pretty sure Cas wouldn’t care for him posting it. Not when he saw the end result at least, Dean kinda hoped it was soon but also, it felt really exciting to be so close to popping the question and his ridiculous future husband was still clueless.
It wasn’t until he was in his bedroom that he pulled his cell phone out.  His nine-year-old sister Meeka was across the hall from him and after he peaked in on her to make sure she was doing her own homework he opened up his messages.
Willa understood the importance of their jobs, she did.  What she didn’t understand is why they thought it better for her to be left alone than to stay at the compound.  It was infuriating.
“Oh god, not gonna last too long here, Cas…” Dean said, his whole body wound tight. He was pretty damn familiar with the experience of getting himself off while thinking about Cas, had done a lot of that since he’d met the guy but he hadn’t really felt in the mood while Cas was pulling away from him, so it had been more than a few days and he felt as if he was on a hair-trigger.
Castiel groaned when Dean’s arms were back around him, settling the grumbling of his stomach.  It sucked being sick but it was proof that there was life growing inside of him and he’d rather deal with the sickness to have that small little proof.  He wasn’t sure when he finally fell asleep but when he woke up he was curled up against Dean’s chest and the sun was was lowering into the horizon.  The orange glow filtering between the wooden slats of the house.  Castiel hummed a little, snuggling closer to his boyfriend and bit his lip.  He was really beginning to hate that word.  It was pretty insignificant to how he truly felt about Dean but Castiel wasn’t exactly sure how well Dean would take to being called something else...something more.
“Not nearly as much as you’re about to…”
Amara bit her lip as she slipped the note with her name and phone number under the tip she left.  The waiter had been incredibly sweet to her and even if it ended up just being a platonic type of thing, she wouldn’t mind.  After the horrible break up she just had and all her friends turning on her, she was pathetically desperate for something new.
“I’m scared too,” he whispered, voice trembling a bit.
Dean pulled into his driveway, expecting Cain’s bike to be gone but funnily enough, it was still there.
Just as she read off her card number to the pizza place, she heard the front door open and she smiled.  Their blonde haired beauty came strolling in with a bright smile on her face.
“He is sweet, I’ll give ya that.  I’m glad his parent's influence didn’t mess with him as Brady’s did.  Anyway, that’s beside the point. He likes you, Ken. I totally think you two should go on a date or something,” she said softly to which Kenton was thankful.
“Ah!  So that would be a no on the conversation bit then,” he laughed, tossing Dean his phone back, “What are you waiting on little brother? You should take a cue from me and text him like I’m about to do with Amara!”
“Thank you.  I know we should let them handle this but we need to make sure they actually talk this out and not let it fester into something worse,” Castiel said.  Samandriel nodded, keeping quiet as the both of them ate quickly.
“Positively great, how are you?” she asked with some sarcasm.  Hael grimaced.
Castiel waited long enough.  He got up from the table to follow where Sam had gone.  Sam and Dean’s voice drew he towards the garage and he snorted when he saw Dean grappling Sam into a headlock.  Castiel crossed his arms and leaned up against the side of the garage watching them.
now, one that actually cared about him and truly went out of his way just to make Castiel smile.  Before Dean could catch him staring, he quickly spun on his heel and started going through the movie cabinet.  Usually, he’d pick one out he’d never seen but again...ulterior motives. He found one that he liked and knew Dean had seen probably a million times.
Dean breathed out a shaky sigh of relief. Yeah, he could work with that.
“That’s good.  The birthday boy should be happy on his special day,” Pogue said.
You can back out any time though...I get that it might be a little weird.
Castiel swallowed hard and glanced around his dorm room.  It was a giant mess.
“Dean’s of age now Mary-”
“You’re gonna be a great Conri sis,” he said suddenly. Leeloo blushed a bit.
Sure enough, not even a minute later there was a soft knock and then the door was being pushed open.  All five of their pups were standing in the doorway, a cake with several candles on the top was held by Leeloo.
“Tell me you want this, Cas...just say it and I’ll make you feel so good, I promise, sweetheart,” Dean said, nearly growling out the end when Castiel’s hips moved against him with enough pressure to merely tease his cock.
When his mom turned to raise an eyebrow at him, he ducked his head. “Sorry.”
“I want more but I don’t want to take away from anyone who hasn’t had their dinner yet,” he said softly, cheeks warming up a bit.
There was a bit of nervousness swirling in her stomach but Mary pushed through it. Whatever Dean had to say seemed important and she didn’t want to miss out on it. She’d been a little delayed trying to help with the dinner cleanup but when Missouri had damn near kicked her out, she knew it was time to stop delaying.
“We do.  Meg, by the way, you sure I can’t pay you back in another way as well?” she asked moving a bit closer.
At first, they talked, John trying fruitlessly to persuade Mary to come back to him with the boys.  When it was clear that she didn’t want to, Bobby stepped in. He wasn’t scared of these self-righteous douchebags.  They were fucking raiders but better dressed and more organized. That was all. John tried to attack the walls of Sanctuary twice. On the second try, Bobby sent up the blue flare, signaling their allies to rain down their fury.  Soon the ground surrounding them was lit up with bombs and canons in every direction.
“Well I gotta tell you Cas, it sure is somethin’ here...I’ve never seen a place this protected, not even Castle...Hell Castle isn’t nearly as fortified as it should be. Sanctuary Hills has a better setup than they have-,” Dean paused, as he belatedly realized that maybe it would take a while before the MinuteMan references didn’t make Cas flinch. He should probably keep it to a minimum.
“Hey, you comin over to play video games?” Oz asked stepping up to him.  Henry shook his head and glanced over at his mom who was kneeling down next to Brenton.
Castiel mewled softly, surging forward to connect their lips.  From the time he’d woken up until they ate their kisses had been slow, almost lazy.  This one was vastly different. From the way they clung to each other and the desperate noises escaping past their lips as they tilted their heads to get more of each other.  Castiel hadn’t known what he was missing until that moment he’d seen those green eyes for the first time and even more so as the man dug his fingers into his skin. What he had shared with MacCready in the past paled in comparison to what he was feeling with Dean, as if with every kiss his heart was slowly being taped back together.  He gasped sharply, a few tears falling down his cheeks and blushed with embarrassment.
“I told you I owed you one and I took it, you got me back, I’ll accept that as punishment for makin’ Cas cry, but I’ll be damned if I’m gonna stand here and let you treat me like-”
“I’d like that.  Maybe he can stay the whole weekend?  I do miss him and now that I know what this confusing feeling was...I need to see him too,” she said.
“Just give him a minute okay?  We’ll explain everything inside.  Can you please get everyone back?”
“This...this is my way.”
“Why not?” Castiel asked, quickly glancing at Dean when he chuckled.
“What do you mean they’re Minutemen?  Castiel! How...how could you bring them
It took them nearly half a day to make the trip, having to make frequent stops for Cas’ stomach to empty itself. He hated it, hated the way it made his love feel weak, and the way it left them vulnerable. Still, eventually, the familiar sight of home was stretched out before him and Dean could breathe just a little more easily.
“Two fractured ribs, at least, a broken arm, hell I don’t know...maybe some internal bleeding but I don’t want to operate unless absolutely necessary, so we’ll put that off for now. Here, take this...it’s not going to help much but it’s better than nothing,” The doc said, popping two small tablets into Benny’s mouth with a clean drink of water.
Dean felt all the tense, exhausting emotions draining out of him the longer they sat there. The more he got from Cas the more he gave until they were both panting and breathless when he pulled away. “Damn, you’re uh-you’re pretty good at that,” he teased, wasn’t sure which one of them he was actually teasing but he was punch drunk on the kisses at that point and didn’t care.
Dean grinned, unable to hold himself back seeing Castiel admit that he was at the very least, attracted to him.
Castiel laughed softly, “I know.  Which you proved last night. God, I can’t believe I was that oblivious,” he said shaking his head.  A part of him was glad he was then he wouldn’t have this remarkable, unique engagement story. The other part of him was a little worried about what else he was missing around him.  He tried to not dwell on it too much, not wanting to take away from the amazing feeling coursing through him with finally being engaged to his soul mate. He gently brushed a kiss to each of Dean’s eyes, his cheekbones, chin, and then his lips.
“It’s not me you should be worried about.  Dean was the one who wanted to lit out of here even with Benny being as hurt as he was.  I don’t think it’s smart for him to take off on his own. I can contact our people from just down the road,” Castiel said, “But if Dean stays, I’ll stay as well.  We got things to take care of here anyway,” he said.
It was a reaction Castiel hadn’t prepared for but he found himself up and out of his chair in the next breath, his arms wrapping around Mary probably a little too tightly.  The moment she embraced him his emotions seemed to explode right out of him.  The scent of her hair, the soft humming noise she made reminded him of his own mom and just how much he missed her.  There was a soft keening noise echoing in his ears and it took him a few seconds to realize that the noise was coming out of his own throat.
“Because I don’t want to like them RJ!” Castiel shouted, jumping to his feet to start pacing.  His heart was thundering in his ears, blood running too hot under his skin, “They’re working with
All in all, not a bad send off.
Back when the war began, they had a group of scared were-foxes living within Tillamook and Dean had been convinced they were the last of their kind. After a series of events, Becky was the last surviving member of her pack. That was until she finally opened up and told Dean that there was another group, hiding out in Washington.
“Ooops.”
Castiel felt his chest hitch but regained focus.  His group was moving closer to the caravans, protecting the Brahmins while Dean and Castiel took out the remaining raiders who thought they still had a chance.  His weapon clicked and he cursed, launching his knife into a raider’s skull as he blindly felt for Dean’s sidearm. He got it out and shot two more.
Castiel shook his head, his eyes trained down at his mug.  His relationship with Dean had been wonderful and exciting….and now it wasn’t.  There wasn’t much to talk about, he just needed to keep his distance from the older man and things would go back to normal....right?
“Can I speak to you for a minute,
MacCready had opened his mouth to say something but Castiel wasn’t listening.
All of their pups were beautiful in their own precious ways.  Leeloo with her leadership, Mason with his fierce need to protect his siblings, Aine with her strength, Selene with her carefree spirit and his baby Jericho, who always tried to comfort.
“Yeah, yeah...just...tired,” he lied. Charlie gave him a look that clearly meant she didn’t believe him, but she didn’t call him on it right away either, which was what he’d been counting on. “So...find anything good down here? Any reports that read like adventure novels or maybe a missing heir to the throne of some random settlement?”
“C’mon, you can help me make dinner,” he said. Jericho beamed at that, his head nodding eagerly. Castiel had an idea on what he wanted to make and began to pull out some pans when there were footsteps descending the stairs. Leeloo had her hair up in a bun at the top of her head, a bucket in her hands.
“Hey, it’s okay... I know it’s a lot, it can be a lot for me too, but I’m right here,” he said, linking their hands together. “And I won’t let go.”
“Here, been meaning to get into this one,” she said dropping the heavy book onto his lap.  It was the complete history of what the Minutemen knew of the Gunners.
“Not long, maybe an hour or so if we don’t run into troub-,”
“Guess I’m not really in the position to deny help when no one else has answered.  Alright well, there’s a factory not far from here. The place is swarming with those green bastards.  I’m pretty damn sure there’s a fucking behemoth lurking around there as well. We finally got something going here, our farm is showing signs of growth and these sons of bitches keep running us through.  We have to run or risk getting killed and they trample over everything. What they don’t destroy they take. We tried to stand up to them once and lost someone,” she said, pressing her lips together tightly to probably keep the rushing feelings buried deep down.  Castiel’s chest squeezed painfully, nodding his head as he took a step closer. Her eyes were filled with unshed tears that she quickly brushed away, a sardonic kind of smile pulling at her lips.
Ronnie stopped, turning to give the kid her infamous stink eye, “And pray tell where would the supplies come from to rebuild a wall like that?  Every warehouse from here to Diamond City belongs to the raiders, to the gunners and better yet to the damn green mutants. If you princesses would like to step it up and clear one of them out, I’d be glad to build that wall back up for ya!” Ronnie griped, tsking her tongue, “Damn children, thinking they know better just cause it’s their first day out on the job, psh.”
“Mmmhm, just some issues with the kids that I gotta take care of when we get home,” Dean said.  Benny’s brow quirked up as he started back towards the group.
Mary could feel the burning tears at the corner of her eyes but she didn’t care. Dean...no Castiel was growing her family, giving her something she’d always wanted and couldn’t hope to actually have and yet, here he was, offering it so easily. She reached out, nearly making contact with him but pulled herself back just enough to give him a watery smile. “Can I hug you, please... Can I just-Can I hug you?”
Okay um...well this is my little brother.  This is his senior picture from last year.
“Yeah?”
make sure to check out my tumblr @bugandkitlove for behind the scenes info for this chapter!
“It’s fine, sweetheart..just caught me off guard. You do whatever you’ve gotta do though. That’s what’s important.” Dean answered, kissing softly at his lips. “But Benny and I, we’ll be taking off first thing in the morning. We gotta check in and let everyone know we’re okay. When we left, we weren’t quite sure how things would turn out and I know Uncle Bobby’s gonna freak out if we wait any longer.”
When he felt less rattled like he could finally breathe he gently pulled away, “You should...you should stay here with Benny.  I’ll escort Dean back to his settlement so he can reconnect with his people. I can contact ours on the way and get things on track,” he stammered, licking at his dry lips as he glanced around the compound.  No one seemed to have noticed his meltdown and for that he was glad.
“And when he talks to you?”
“Ken no!  Gods no,” Leeloo hissed, her head whipping around before moving to stand in front of him, “You are not defective, Kenton.  You’re just different but that doesn’t change a damn thing. You’re still family, one of us.”
“Hey,” Mac winced at the hesitance in his own voice but he couldn’t help it. Benny had given him a bit of an idea of what was going on. Dean had found out about their past and while the guy had never been his best friend, they’d started to get along a bit better once he and Benny figured things out. This though would undoubtedly put a bump in the road. “Need me to go knock some damn sense into that kid?”
That was the last of John Winchester and his crew.  They buried John under a tree at Mary’s request and burned the rest of the bodies.
“Could say the same about you,” Castiel chuckled sucking slowly on Dean’s bottom lip.  There was a resounding clap of thunder that made him flinch a little but he ignored in favor of hugging closer to Dean.  He kissed his way down the man’s chin to his neck where he licked slowly along the vein, “C’mon, the beds more comfortable,” he said carefully climbing off of Dean’s lap and playfully tugging at his hand.
“Mmhmm, what do you want Singer?” she demanded, scooping up some of the manure to drop into the wheelbarrow.  Bobby fought the urge to gag and took a step back.
“What are you two doin’ here, you got some kind of death wish?”
He knocked on the door and smiled when Nancy’s face appeared, “Hey Dean, he’s in his room,” she said, moving out of the way for Dean to enter.  He nodded to her and then raised a hand to wave at Kevin who seemed to buried in some kind of work. Then again Dean was never really sure what Kevin did.  He knew their records were immaculate and that the Beta had a pretty detailed history of their pack. Dean had looked over it a few years back and had been incredibly impressed by it.
“He basically told Benny he didn’t trust us, and that maybe it’d be a different story if he wasn’t tied to me.” Dean interrupted, grabbing the glass of water from before and bringing it over to the table.
Castiel frowned even deeper, “The Castle?  You know the Minutemen are there right? Why would you be doing a supply run to them?” he asked glaring at the hand extended to him.  MacCready moved closer to him and knew his finger was on the trigger just waiting for his signal.
“Thanks,” Benny said as lowered down on one of the outside picnic tables, his head tilted back a bit to get some more sun on his face.
“Dean!  What the hell is wrong with you!” Castiel shouted, shoving at Dean to get him away from MacCready.  Before he could see if his friend was okay, he had to dodge out of the way as MacCready flung at Dean, his fist first connecting with Dean’s stomach then face.
“A little over a month ago, I woke up and I looked at you and I saw
“Just getting everything set up for the after dinner show,” Dean said, swallowing nervously.
“Do you really want to break somethin’ like that to him when everyone’s watching you? Cause you know they’re going to be. You’re going to walk into that town an outsider as much as me and while I hope everyone gives us a fair shake,- well I just think it would be better to tell him out here, away from prying eyes.”
Benny frowned, shaking his head, “So what do we do?  Keep our heads in the sand and keep following out orders and missions?  Or are we gonna get to the bottom of this? Cause I for one would like to know what the hell happened,” Benny growled out.
“Noooo,” Castiel whined, curling tighter into Dean and hiding his face.
“No at all kid.  Not at all.”
“I don't want
you.  I hated that they had their parents and I had nothing,” Brady said, a hiccup rocking his body.  Dean smiled sadly and tousled the kid’s hair.
Castiel eyed Dean suspiciously and then moved around him to get a look at the room.  He gasped, hand flying up to his mouth as he saw tables with different activities for them to do.  He hurried over to one and smiled so wide his cheeks hurt.
“Dean wants another baby,” Castiel said, quickly looking up to gauge his sister’s reaction.  She barely flinched.
Touche!  I’m just happy for the both of us.  Have fun, love you!
“Hey, just in time,” Castiel smiled.
Don't forget to check out my tumblr page @bugandkitlove for behind the scenes info for this chapter!
Dean felt heat snake up his neck but it thankfully didn’t reach his cheeks. “You should eat better...with all that studying you’ve got to do, probably lack sleep too I’m guessing, you really need the extra energy from
“Yes, I’m very well aware of that Bobby, but you and I both know that there are more.  There will always be more of them...I just-” Mary took in a deep breath and blew it out in a rush, “If he wants to go then I can’t stand in his way.  As you said, he’s of age now, but mark my words Bobby, anything happens to him and I will fry your balls,” she growled before going back to her work.
“His answers don’t make sense to me Amara,” Castiel huffed, finally looking up at her only to flinch at the fierceness in her eyes, “I’ve asked him before,” he said and then shook his head, “I don’t want to talk about this anymore, I have to go.”  Castiel didn’t give her a chance to respond. She called out after him a few times but he ignored it, just as he ignored the tears streaming down his cheeks now.
“Man, looks like the kid is
He hesitated for a moment, almost backed away but there was a clarity and warmth in Castiel’s eyes that Dean hadn’t seen before and though he’d never admit it, he needed it all just a little too much.
“Yeah?” Sam answered, surprised Dean was calling him from the house.
“Thanks, Bobby. We’ll be ready.”
“Not exactly what I was talking about but the food too,” She grinned, elbowing him in the side and then did an obvious show of looking towards Castiel.
“I’m so sorry Dean,” Castiel hiccuped through a sob, “I-I didn’t mean to hurt you-”
: That can’t be your brother.  That’s some model you stole a picture from the internet.  Holy crap he’s hot.
“I’m sure he did, the kid is crazy about her,” Dean promised, knowing Eileen was going to be there.
Castiel hesitated for a split second, only because he didn’t think Dean would call him so quickly.
“Anything else while we’re out there? You want us to keep an eye out for anything?” Dean asked, feeling a little nervous but more excited than anything. He felt as if he’d been waiting his whole life for an opportunity like what Bobby was giving him.
“Ken, Charlie, and Anna won’t be disappointed in you.  You know, this isn’t the first I’ve heard of something like this.  I can’t remember exactly what it’s called but it’s not a disease or something wrong with you.  It’s just something that you identify as. Like we do with Alpha, Beta, Omega and so on. You just have an extra word to yours,” Leeloo said.
“Well I guess if that’s the case, we must be takin’ a tour through my uh dreams,” he said, softly. He didn’t wanna say it too loud because the worker behind the cafe counter was kinda staring at them. “I mean if this is anyone’s fantasy...it’s gotta be mine.”
“Well aren’t you two cozy.”
You work on cars...I don’t even have one.  Amara teases me about it all the time.
I’m not busy, well, studying for an exam tomorrow but I’m enjoying the much-needed distraction.
The bed was still warm but his arms were empty and even in a mostly asleep state, that felt wrong. Dean blinked himself awake a bit until Cas wasn’t a blurry image anymore.
Somehow none of that seemed to match a fraction of the intensity he found himself feeling as Cas held his trembling hand out in front of him. Without knowing, Dean still knew that there was something special about the moment, about the rings, and the intent of them.
“Well uh, thanks I guess,” MacCready said.
That’s amazing.
“Daddy, you can’t think of it that way.  Yeah it’ll change things and yeah maybe the younger ones might get jealous but the more important question is will it make
There was a meme going around on tumblr about "Alpha Buddies" that I thought was absolutely adorable.  The original idea of it was not mine but from @askbetaboys on tumblr!  Here's the original post  http://askbetaboys.tumblr.com/post/72719936687/alphas-scent-during-heats-omegas-who-do-not-have
His hands twisted together and looked down, “RJ...I’m...I’m sorr-”
No pity here, just a bit of curiosity and a whole lot of interest.
Castiel sighed a little, his arms crossing over his chest, “How would you feel if we had another baby?” he asked, watching her face closely.  There was no change for a mere second before that beautiful smile spread across her lips and those eyes flashed.
Castiel twisted his hands around again and felt his stomach flip.  Even after his conversation with Meg he’d gotten a few more inhalers from the nurse from Jamaica Plains.
“Like I’d be anywhere else,” he answered, stripping out of his top layers, before doing the same to a half asleep Castiel.
“Glad to know that I can still keep up with you,” Dean grinned…”Wouldn’t want anyone to steal you away.”
I was wondering if you wanted to go to the mall this weekend?  A bunch of us will be there, it would be nice to see you.
Dean had been given jewelry a few times in his life. Another ring once from his dad when he was a kid. Obviously he no longer wore the dark black band but he did have it put away in a box at his mother’s house. Benny had once found a spool of wire when they were kids and decided they needed something to commemorate their lifelong friendship. They’d both lost the misshapen metal bracelets before the year was out. Bobby had once told him he could have something from his late wife’s trinket box and Dean had coveted the thin band that was etched with pretty white stones, but he’d never picked it up.
Castiel stopped dead in his tracks and turned to face his friend, “You are not going to die Rj.  Not today, not tomorrow,” He said through gritted teeth. When MacCready continued to just stare at him Castiel sighed, moving to sink down on a rotted tree stump.  He was exhausted, been running himself ragged for months now it seemed. Castiel rubbed at his face, “I don’t care how much of a bitch that woman was...I saw those kids and I saw myself.  Even if I wanted to turn down the mission...I just can’t. I won’t let what happened to my family...or yours, happen to them. Never again,” Castiel hissed.
“I’m...I’m not Lee, I’m not angry with you.  I’m confused and hurt-”
“When we found you, we had no idea where you came from or where your birth mother fled to.  It angers me that we may never know but only because you will never know where you came from.  Someone in your bloodline may have had the same issue you had shifting for the first time,” she explained and Kenton swallowed hard.  He’d been thinking about that too a lot lately. What if someone was like him out there? Where they couldn’t shift at the correct age or now, have any kind of physical connection with anyone.  It was aggravating.
"I'm sure Chuck will like my ideas, I'm just worried about the others."
Charlie opened her mouth to ask what was really going on but decided against it.  If Dean came here to get away from whatever it was that was bothering him, who was she to burst that bubble?  Biting her lip she went back into the stacks of books she had been reorganizing and yanked out a dusty tome with a cracked spine.
Castiel shook his head, his arms flailing for the two of them to come closer and not start pointing their guns.  If they could sneak away, regroup they could handle this together. Castiel didn’t care if he had to share the bounty or whatever, caps were never his thing.  They were MacCready’s.
“Has Mason helped you around the house at all since I’ve been gone?” Dean asked.  Castiel hesitated for a second before finally shaking his head.
“Shit, fuck,” Castiel spat, getting up and running low to stay behind the wall.
“Sorry, Dean, but I left it in my other pants,” MacCready grinned, smiling smugly as Benny’s ears began to turn a bit pink. He hoped it wasn’t just the sun, that maybe he was thinking about exactly what was hiding in these particular pants. “Besides, we discussed it and we don’t think a tank would work if we had one anyway, those bastards are hard to kill.”
Dean nodded and tore into his food with gusto. He wasn’t trying to rush it, well maybe a little bit, but he wasn’t really looking forward to saying goodbye to everyone, no matter how badly he wanted to leave. He earned himself a snort from Sam but was relieved when his brother didn’t make any comments on his behavior.
Hey, goin to the mall this weekend.  You should come.
From what he’d seen Dean was brash and hard-edged...well except when it came to Castiel. Nothing made that man go softer than one look at Castiel, even more so now with the baby…
“Actually, it’s about to get even more complicated...that’s not all the news we have to share,” he started, then launched into the story of their battle at The Slog and finding his cousin and all the information they’d been able to extract from him before finally cutting him down.
“Everything okay?”
Castiel nodded, a little relieved at Dean’s choice.  The tea smelled perfect and he took a few sips, the chamomile working immediately to drain the rest of his stress, “You’re too good to me Dean Winchester,” he sighed happily as he took a few more sips.
“Don’t you fret none kid.  I know you’ll get them worked out, after Dean-o and I speak with Bobby, why don’t you show us what you got cooked up and ready to go,” Benny suggested.  He couldn’t help grinning at how the kid lit up and grinned like a maniac.
The thing was, he meant it, he really did but he also couldn’t hide from what it meant anymore. He and Benny were starting their own lives, with their own families. He knew it wasn’t really the end of anything, that the man would always be his best friend, his brother in all the ways that counted, but some part of him still grieved the loss anyway.
“Alright fellas, you ready for this?”
Bobby eyed the kid for a moment and then looked at Dean.  He trusted his Godson and soon he was going to have to start trusting Castiel as well and if he could do all of this…”You deliver on this and so will we,” Bobby said.
“I know, Castiel… I’m not thrilled about how it all happened but I get that the tensions were high and you went a little unhinged, we all have moments like that,” he answered honestly, shaking his head a little. “But I’m not gonna lie, feels good to hear you say it.”
“I’m not telling you that you can’t be here man, but it’s clear that you’ve got some
was just too damn beautiful and he was weak.
Castiel shrugged, “I’m not even sure he’ll-” he swallowed hard and laughed bitterly at himself for wanting to cold into himself and cry all over again, “I can’t do this by myself,” he whispered.
“Oh no, no way in hell am I putting my ass on the line for you...if you’d just have kept your pretty mouth shut we wouldn’t be in this situation in the first place,” MacCready answered, white rage flooding through him all over again. He could have handled Castiel, could have made it easier on him but no, pretty boy had to grow a goddamn conscience.
“Well first off,” Dean said, pulling their clasped hands out to show Sam the newly added bands on their fingers. “There wasn’t anything official, but it means the same to us either way, y’know?”
Castiel nodded, his fingers squeezing at Dean’s hand tightly as he slowed his breathing.  These people weren’t going to hurt him, they were Dean’s family and he trusted Dean. He licked at his dry lips, “Just...just need another minute,” he whispered.
“Sounds like it’s a cereal morning,” Leeloo said with a shrug.  The others groaned and Leeloo moved off the bed to find her phone that had fallen onto the ground last night.  She had a few missed messages but not one of them had been from Rhiannon. It made her frown.
Sam slumped down on the free space of the couch, his eyes trained on Castiel’s stomach as he huffed out a small shuddery laugh, “I can't’ believe it...I’m gonna be an uncle.”
happy?”
Benny gripped his rifle tightly in his fingers.  He hadn’t been able to budge, too afraid to mess up the hurt rib anymore than it already was.  In the distance, he could hear the gunfire, the silence following afterward sending his heart into overdrive.  He just hoped that the green pricks were dead and his group was going to to be able to come for him quickly.
Benny glanced up and frowned, getting up to his feet to brush off the dirt from his pants, “Sure, I’ll be right back to help you with the melons,” he said to Samandriel with a soft smile.  He followed MacCready away from the garden until they were relatively alone.
All at once the sounds filtered back into his head as if the world around them had paused, and restarted again. He ignored the urge to put his own hand where MacCready had touched Cas as if that could just fix it.
“Okay, so what now...what’s next on the agenda. I know Cas was hoping we could work out some sort of alliance, treaty, whatever between his people and ours,” Dean started, remembering the way Rachel had initially reacted to that particular bit of information and winced. “Though you should know, not all of his people are going to like that too well. They’ve been fed the wrong information for a while now and we can’t expect them to just twist their whole world view in the matter of a few days.”
Panic raced through her veins and Leeloo frantically grabbed at Rhiannon’s neck to pull their foreheads together, “Oh Gods, Rhiannon no.  That will not be happening. Just the thought...I can’t,” she whined as Rhiannon nuzzled her, her arms wrapping tightly around Leeloo’s waist.
Castiel blinked a few times before his eyes widened and his mouth dropped open almost dramatically, “Oh!  Wait...really?” he asked, biting down on his lip to keep from smiling like a complete lunatic.
Andy sighed again but nodded, “Okay.  I’m done with my dinner now, can I go play in the playground near the water?” he asked
“Sweet dreams, Cas.”
Dean winced. His poor baby girl had probably the worst case of migraines he’d ever seen anyone have. They practically crippled her and she wasn’t the same the day after one. He absolutely hated that she had to get them and worse that he couldn’t do a damn thing about it.
Benny grunted, sitting up slowly.  He’d had a late patrol last night and getting any kind of sleep while the sun glared through the boards of the house, was hard to come by, “Whatchu want asshat?” Benny groused, rubbing the sleep from his eyes as Dean climbed up the rickety steps.
“No.  Don’t think about me.  Don’t worry about what I would think or feel.  Focus on just you,” Leeloo said and placed her hand against Rhiannon’s furiously beating heart.  Her mate took in a deep breath and closed her eyes again.
He had everything he ever needed with the family he had now.  Though recently, the ache in his chest steadily began to grow.  He just wasn’t sure if it was solely Dean’s influence.
And because I’m obsessed with Tom Payne, he’s my inspiration for Pogue.  Not even gonna say sorry for that one lmao!
Castiel straightened his back and felt the usual calm that covered him like internal armor when he met with the other settlements slide into place, “I’m good,” he said with a firm nod.  MacCready shared a look with him and then Castiel gestured with a head tilt for Dean to continue leading the way.
“Lee,” Castiel warned with a growl. Leeloo smirked.
Benny took in a deep breath, his entire body trembling a bit, “Y-Yeah…” he stammered, wincing and fighting the urge to cry out again when he lifted up his heavy rifle.  He was going to have to reload soon. Not wanting to take any chances he quickly did so, teeth digging into his lip as a sharp pain shot down his arm, making his fingers tingle.  They just needed to get this thing down and then they could join with Castiel and Dean to take out the rest.
“Of course.  I know they’re smart but both of them are stubborn as all hell,” Castiel said.
Leeloo took in a deep breath and held it as she crossed the compound.  Rhiannon was avoiding her. That much was clear and there was no way she could pretend it wasn’t happening either.  Leeloo had entered the meeting hall and watched as Rhiannon looked straight at her and then walked out the other door.  It was clear as day and Leeloo wanted to throw up.
Castiel turned slowly in Dean’s arms and placed his hands on the man’s chest, following his breathing with his own to keep calm.  The very thought of Dean leaving had his stomach dropping to his knees, “I-I want to come with you, if that’s still an option?” Castiel asked softly biting on his lip.
Hey, this is Dean...your sister gave me your number, I hope that’s okay?
“Hey Uncle Garth, looking for my brother. You seen him?” She asked stepping closer. Garth narrowed his eyes and then shrugged.
Castiel laughed through his tears and nodded, holding his hand out, “Yes, Dean,” he said and trembling so hard Dean had a hard time getting the ring on his finger.  Once it was snuggly past his knuckle he tackled his new fiance, “They weren’t failed, I would have said yes each time,” he whispered, hugging around Dean as tightly as he could.
“Maybe...maybe some water,” he said softly, sitting up slowly.  He kept their hands clasped though, not wanting to lose that bit of contact just yet.  Their eyes met and Castiel felt like he was drowning. The concern and affection in Dean’s eyes had his own tearing up and sucked in a shuddering breath, “Dean, I’m-I’m so sorry.”
Castiel laughed softly, his bottom lip caught between his teeth as he gazed down at his husband.
So I finally had the guts to ask him.
“It’s-it’s a surprise,” Dean grinned,”...let’s go get dessert-”
“I don’t know, what’s it worth to you?” he said, shaking his phone teasingly.
Dean chuckled, okay the guy was freakin’ adorable, who could blame him.
“I’ve got several teams going out, starting tomorrow.  Some to Diamond City, some to Bunker Hill and I’ll be heading out to Goodneighbor myself.  I need someone to reconnect with The Castle, pick up supplies and the like. I know it’s far, much farther than you’ve ever been but I think you can handle something like this.  Whaddya say?” Bobby asked.
“Fucking hell,” Castiel growled, “I don’t think your rifle is gonna take that thing out,” he whispered.  They were going to have to split up, one to draw the behemoth away and the other to take out the guards outside.  It set his teeth on edge.
Castiel blushed, nodding at the way Dean said his name, “Cas is alright too,” he said and then motioned for the couch, “Whatever is in that, smells amazing.”
Castiel frowned, turning to face Muriel and a few others who had grim looks on their faces.  MacCready automatically moved closer to him and Castiel couldn’t help bristling a bit.
“You too, boss.” MacCready squeezed Castiel tight in against his chest and grinned. It hadn’t been a long separation, just a few days but he’d been even more worried about them now that his friend was expecting. It took quite a bit of restraint to keep himself from reaching out and feeling for any kind of change that might be there, but it wasn’t his place and he knew they hadn’t been back long enough to really tell anyone about it, so he didn’t.
A warm hand with long fingers touched at Leeloo’s cheek and they pulled away with shy smiles.  There was more nuzzling and a few more kisses thrown in before they gently pulled away, “Love you Lee,” Rhiannon said.  Leeloo’s chest hitched and she pulled her mate in again for another kiss. The need to have her close a little overwhelming.
“Yeah, you could say that,” Dean said, looking around a bit as they moved on. Eventually, his impatience got the better of him and he started asking questions. “How long has the front gate been like that, ya’ll didn’t think to maybe, rebuild or something?”
“Do you think.. I mean…” Dean could hardly speak what was really on his mind, but he had to ask he had to say something. He knew if he didn’t there was more than a slight chance that he’d blow up at his slightly irritable, pregnant husband. “Do you think Cas and Mac were ever...together?”
“Whyyyy?” Castiel whined, barely able to lift his head.  Dean just tsked at him, his face appearing over Castiel’s.
They’d been dating for a few weeks; dinner and a movie, picnic in the park, candlelit dinners at home and out at a few restaurants. There had been a concert, though they both found it more appealing to stay in the back, and a whole lot of talking. It was all wonderful, he...well he knew from the moment he laid eyes on Cas that he could fall hard and fast, and the reality of the guy himself was even more tempting.
Castiel nodded and stood by waiting until the water was at a good temperature for him to wash the mask off.  Once his skin was clear of the goopy mess, he dried off and waited for Dean to do the same.
Bobby’s head spun a bit at the simple but yet the most complicated...dangerous word Castiel could have ever uttered.  He’d heard of breeders, never met one, didn’t even believe they existed.  They were just as much as a fairy tale as the Institute was.  But yet, a breeder was sitting merely three feet away from him, carrying his God son’s kid.
Castiel reached out with his free hand and touched the side of Dean’s face, his thumb tracing the line his lips made, “I was scared but I could never hate you,” he said just above a whisper.  It was a whole mess of a situation and he was still scrambling to make sense of it all but this right here, Dean so close and their hands still linked together was everything. It felt right, like everything that had happened led him right here.
“There were many Omegas who lost their lives once we saved them.  Being so overwhelmed with being safe and knowing they were free...many of them just let go.  We brought them here. There’s a small memorial for them that I can take you to go see.”
“No...no I’ll...I’ll be fine,” Castiel said, trying to draw in a breath but it only made his lungs burn.  He couldn’t focus on anything right now, let alone his best friend who was slowly coming closer.  There was movement out of the corner of his eye from his other side and he jerked his rifle up, shooting at it before it moved again.  He swallowed hard as it dropped, revealing itself to be a wandering bloatfly.  The kickback of the rifle settled him a bit, his eyes closing as his head tilted back a bit.
Weathers took in a deep breath and turned back to the door, “I’m assuming you three are the only ones who know of his condition?” he asked.
“It’s happening now, that’s all that matters,” she said.  Castiel said his goodbyes and then quickly called Dean. He answered on the second ring and Castiel sighed softly when those sleepy green eyes met his.
Castiel glared at them both and quickly led them away until they were out of range for now, “Are you two fucking stupid!” Castiel hissed.
“Yeah, that’s what Ca-he said,” Dean answered, wincing a bit at how obvious he was. He just didn’t want things to escalate and a slip of a name was dangerous information for him to have, let alone Charlie. He trusted her but didn’t want to make things harder for her either.
“Mom, I don’t have a death wish. I just wanna be out there. I wanna make a difference, I wanna help the family. We’re doing okay but we could be better and I want to have some kind of hand in that, just like Sammy does,” Dean said. He’d tried to understand where she was coming from, and to a point he did. If he ever found someone that he could start a family with or make a family with, he wouldn’t want his kids going out into the dangerous world they lived in either. But the truth remained that he was old enough to stand on his own feet and start doing things his own way.
“Bobby, you know damn well how I feel about him going on a mission!” Mary barked out, raising up to her feet. Bobby held out his hands and swallowed.
Dean twisted his hair in his fingers, he usually wasn’t so damn shy but those big blue eyes had his stomach twisting.
Dean should have probably put it all away but instead he bit his lip and figured he’d try his luck. “Hey sweetheart, do you know where the fruity lube is? I like it when you smell like cherries.”
Just another reminder that this may be a little "underage".  Nothing overly sexual happens between Rhiannon, Leeloo, and Caleb but they do explore a little.
“I’m really not, but we’ll save that for later...I’mma pull you over by that tree and go help the other two out, but...keep yourself safe and don’t do anything stupid.
MacCready shook his head, “I trust you, boss..just nothin’ to talk about. I-I should get back to work,” he said, moving to leave until Castiel’s hand was on his arm pulling him back and he just, he snapped. “It’s nothing, okay? I just, I-can’t stop thinking about him and it’s driving me crazy. Once he leaves again, I’ll be fine.”
Missouri rolled her eyes at him and pulled a plate that was stacked high off the counter and shoved it gently against his chest. “I set this aside for your sweetheart, I imagine he’s earning himself quite the appetite. You tell him if he needs anything this kitchen is always open, day or night for him okay?”
Castiel swallowed hard, trying to calm his own libido down.  Dean knew exactly what buttons to push to get him going, “I uh, yours is hanging up in the dry cleaner bag,” he said, biting his lip.  When Dean turned, he quickly swatted at his ass and laughed.
“Okay,” Dean grinned. “That one,” he said, pointing to the index card that clearly read
was the only one close enough.  He hated it, it was one of the reasons why he never wanted to get attached to anyone but with Dean, it was like he never had a choice.
“Yeah?”
Hael hurried into the house, her jacket and purse finding their way onto the floor as the house phone rang for the fifth time.  She snatched at it and brought it to her ear as her voice was a bit breathless, “Hello?”
“Ugh!  Why can’t you just leave me alone?  Don’t you have something more important to do than worry about your stupid Beta brother all the time?” Mason shouted, his voice echoing off the rocks. Leeloo should have been stunned but she wasn’t. She’d known all along what the reason for her little brother’s temper tantrums. She just wanted him to finally admit to it. Out of everyone, she’d been the only to present so far. Rhiannon was going to be presenting this month while the rest were still waiting to turn sixteen. Though the scents of her friends and family were easy to signify. She already knew Mason was going to be a Beta, Selene was shifting between a Beta and an Alpha, something she had learned her grandpa Chuck had done. And Jericho was definitely going to be an Omega.
“Well then, looks like we made it just in time,” Dean said, smoothly. He was freaking out internally but he wasn’t going to let it show. It wasn’t just about putting on a brave face or acting tough. He could tell beneath the cold veneer that Castiel was scared for the people of Jamaica Plains, and maybe a little for himself. Dean wasn’t going to do anything to feed that fear, not for Cas, not for any of them.
“I don’t get it,” MacCready said, feeling more than a little confused. “If you like them so much why are you being a dick?”
“In your defense, I didn’t make it easy on you...I didn’t want you to find it too early and then, well then I got to where I couldn’t help myself, I needed you to see it,” he answered, smiling as Cas tugged him in for a deeper kiss.
“But...Dean, what’s wrong with what I’m wearing now? I was trying to look good for you...” Castiel pouted and then looked at the outfit on the dryer, “Um…”
Two weeks.  That’s how long Dean had rounded it to when speaking with Bobby about how long it would take.  And damn if he didn’t get it right on the nose.  It took nearly a day and a half for them to finally make it to the Castle.  MacCready wanted more time with his son which none of them could deny and then when they finally did make it out to the road, Castiel was bent over every five minutes to throw up.  It got to a point where they had to stop in one of the towns they were passing by to buy a Brahmin so they could attach a cot to it.
Castiel laughed softly and finally closed the small distance of space and pressed their lips together.  In all reality it was a barely there touch but to Castiel, it sent sparks down his limbs and made him want to crawl in closer.  He wasn't aware that he was moving into Dean’s lap or that his arms were wrapping around the man’s neck. All he could focus on was the warm, soft press of Dean’s lips against his.
Amara was not prepared for the image to pop up on her phone.  She was waiting to see the usual guy and the usual selfie but this...this was beyond anything Amara could have dreamed of.
“Really,” Dean promised, barely a whisper spoken into the short distance between their mouths. He leaned in, nearly taking what he wanted, what he
After Amara showed me your picture, I didn’t think you would.
Finally!  It is finished!  I told you this story was a beast, and this is after cutting out A LOT.  Hope you all enjoyed it as much as we did writing it!
He’d never once wanted to go with his father, not once in his whole life until he realized maybe just maybe if he had...Cas’ family would still be alive.
This Chapter Will be a shortish one lol.
“Sure, go pick something out...there’s only a couple more pans and then I’ll grab us some milk, and some other snacks so it’s not all sugar, and then I’ll meet you in there. Gimme maybe ten minutes?” Dean asked, kissing softly at  Cas’ cheek as he started spooning out the last of the chocolate chip dough onto a freshly emptied pan.
“That’s not true!” Mason shouted, his face pinched with stress when he faced her again.
Castiel eyed MacCready and shook his head a bit.  There was a sizeable mark on the side of his neck, it didn’t take a genius to figure out what he and Benny had been up to.  He was happy for his friend but he couldn't help the surge of annoyance flaring up.
Instead, he pulled away, heart pounding in his throat. He couldn’t do it, not until Cas knew the truth and then, well he’d probably lose the chance, but Dean just couldn’t bring himself to take things further than friendship while only sharing bits and pieces of himself.
Heed the new tags added.  Torture, minor character death, slavery, and betrayal.  Most of this is written vaguely and won't happen until a few more chapters but putting this here now.
Muriel frowned at the stupid nickname that MacCready insisted on calling her and crossed her arms over her stomach, “We just want to know what’s going on.  One minute we have orders to shoot on sight and the next you and Castiel are in bed with them!” she exclaimed.
“About damn time you two got here,” Benny called out.  He’d had a feeling, the back of his neck getting all stiff when he’d heard the gates opening.  The worry that had been growing the moment they got back and learned Dean and Castiel weren’t there finally melted away.  Castiel looked a little green but that was to be expected.  Benny rushed over and pulled them both into a tight hug.
“Come on Jer,” Selene said holding her hand out to him. Jericho brightened immediately and eagerly took up his sister’s hand before rushing up the stairs. Castiel smiled after them, nearly forgetting what he was doing for a moment.
“I think I’ll take tonight off, from the blog I mean...I have an article I wrote a while back that I never published and it will be good to hang out, just the two of us,” he promised, squeezing softly at Cas’ hands that were wrapped around him.
My brother the dork
“Hey Meg, how are you?” she asked.  Meg gave that wonderful throaty laugh of hers.
“What do you want Leeloo?” she asked, her voice still quiet but held a firm tone to it.  Leeloo loved that voice, especially when she sang while they walked through the meadows. She swallowed around the lump in her throat and closed the distance between them.  She could see the tightness in Rhiannon’s eyes and she wanted to give anything to make it go away.
Castiel huffed out a laugh before taking up Dean’s hand, the one with the ring sitting comfortably on his ring finger, “There’s a lot of things that we need to say...I’m just not sure where to start,” he said softly.
fight the way you do. And I’ve seen a lot of sparring and target practice.” Dean sighed in relief now that the battle was over. Hopefully, all of Cas’ people came out okay, they did one hell of a job keeping them safe, that’s for sure.
“Adam Milligan I will slap you in a way you won’t enjoy if you don’t shut your mouth,” Hael warned, her cheeks growing warm.  Adam chuckled on the other line and it took all her willpower to not hang up on him.
“Cas...it’s understandable, with everything you’ve been through I’m surprised you can even stand to look at me. I-” Dean paused, he wanted so badly to believe that he could have it. Could get Cas and share a life with him, whatever that might have looked like. He wanted it so much he felt like it was engraved, etched into his bones.
“Okay, just… gimme some time, I’ll work on Dean.”
“Looks pretty great too,” he said, wiggling his eyebrows like a dork, but he knew Cas thought it was adorable. “But then it always does.”
: He’s incredibly shy but he won’t mind.  Hold on, let me find a good one.
“Oh...and who’s this?” Cain asked, snagging Dean’s phone out of his grasp.
“Don’t you give me that fucking finger asshole, it was your fault they heard us!” Castiel shouted, wanting to throw another rock at him but had to duck when a rain of gunfire pelted at them, “Son of a Motherdick!” Castiel growled, switching out his mag for a full one.  His stomach churning when he realized they were beginning to run low on ammo.
Castiel pressed his lips together in a tight line and took in a deep breath to let it out slowly, “Maybe, eventually.  I didn’t think you would become this upset about it because it just...I honestly didn’t think it would matter.  The last time had been
“You’re…” Dean started, then paused cause he wasn’t sure how to say it. She looked up at him with a raised brow and a bit of a smirk.
Keelie silenced him with a look and she shook her head, “You’re right.  I didn’t want another pup. Not with how I was. I could barely hold onto myself let alone trying to be a good mother and mate.  Do you know how hard it was...how much it hurt to hear your pup screaming in the next room while you’re on the floor having convulsions because the visions are too strong?”  she asked through clenched teeth. Castiel swallowed hard and shook his head.
Castiel led the way, keeping his eyes trained for any sign of movement.  He didn’t want to be caught by surprise by something else wandering around the wasteland.  To say his emotions were crushing him and going in five hundred different directions would be an understatement.  He wanted to get home, he wanted to make sure Dean and Benny got to their settlement okay…
“Tuck in kiddo,” she said and gently pushed him towards the table.
“Hey, I know you said you were okay, that we were okay, but if you need to change your mind on that...now’s the time to say something,” he chewed at his lip a little, half terrified Cas would take him up on it. But he also guessed that it would be better find that out now as opposed to later, he didn’t enjoy being sideswiped and it felt like Cas could break him with one little word.
“You know, Mary you might be onto something about the caravans.  Ones that solely work out of Bunker Hill.  There’s the Doc Weathers, Lucas Miller, the arms dealer Cricket and of course-”
Bobby watched the exchange between Dean and Castiel and found himself chuckling.  It was like the two were made for each other and hell, with Castiel’s pregnancy, maybe they actually were.
“Nothing happened,” he muttered, bringing the mug of hot chocolate up to keep himself from talking more.
“God I was really starting to worry,” Benny whispered.
“I’ll go with too humble because I’m not oblivious.  I just know that I want and need you. Only you. So deal with it already Winchester,” Castiel said poking at Dean’s sides, “Stop trying to convince me otherwise.”
Castiel rushed away from them to throw up as sobs wracked his body.
Castiel shook his head, fingers clenching into Dean’s coat.  There was fighting going all around him but he didn’t want to leave Dean’s side.  A cry erupted into the air and Castiel felt his blood grow cold, “I-I have...I have to go, I’ll be back,” he said leaning in touch his forehead against Dean’s before he was up and running back into the fray of the fight.  The cry he had heard was from one of the Brahmin and that chill that had surged through his blood was now boiling. He brought his weapon forward and began picking them off one by one.
“I’m pregnant,” he said in almost a whisper.
“It’s alright.  I guess I can’t really blame you or Castiel.  If the same thing had happened to Dean or hell if John were still alive and sniffin around I’d probably be the same way,” Benny said rubbing the back of his neck.  He wanted to move closer, to touch at MacCready’s arm or face...something but he didn’t.
“Alright,” Dean answered. He rubbed his hands together and looked around for supplies. While putting together the best makeshift stretcher they could, Dean tried to keep his spirits up even if there was something clearly off with Castiel. The last thing he wanted to do was give Benny anything else to worry about.
Oh but if you’re interested, I do have an older brother who is single, and is totally into gorgeous women like yourself. I can pass on your info if you want.
He knew if he put up a fuss he could easily get Benny and Dean both pushed out of the city, but if they didn’t go willingly, and he figured they wouldn’t, he could just as easily sign their death warrants and MacCready had enough blood on his hands, he wasn’t about to add Benny’s to it.
“Sure, but you first,” he said, pointing to the ingredients. “I uh I have recipes for a few different ones but the brown sugar one seemed like the easiest to do. It’s literally just mixing stuff up.”
“Shit...shit sweetheart, you okay?” Dean asked, his hands immediately covering the small rounded curve of Cas’ stomach.
“Don’t be so damn smug, it’s not pretty,” he lied, Benny looked damn handsome no matter what he was doing and they both knew it.
Castiel surged up, interrupting him with a kiss.  Dean’s breath fanned out over his cheek and Castiel couldn’t help smiling, his hands lifting from Dean’s shoulders to cup his face, “Stop, please?  I’m not going to shoot you and you don’t deserve it, please believe me?” he said, letting his eyes show just how sincere he was.
“Yes sir,” Benny said with a nod, grabbing up his weapons and heading outside.
“Is Ma here?” he asked after scarfing down his third one.
Dean nodded toward Bobby and Benny followed as he walked toward the main house.  It was where Bobby resided but the entire downstairs of the place was their headquarters.  One of the rooms had been converted into a giant workshop. He could see Sam on the porch, his little brother practically bouncing up and down on his toes the closer they got. Kid was weird as hell sometimes, but Dean loved him more than anything or anyone. “We’re comin’, Samantha. Don’t get your panties in a wad.”
“Looks like today is our lucky day,” MacCready said, bone-deep relief settled through him as the closer they got to the small camp.
“I’m still not sure.  I want to make my mate happy but I don’t want it to disrupt what we already have,” he said.  Leeloo’s face softened, her hands reaching out to take his into her own.
“I’m fine momma,” he said, fighting the urge to scream out the good news, to talk and talk until she realized just how beyond fine he was, but it was Cas’ choice when and who to tell so he clamped up tighter than a nun’s thighs and just grinned down at the gorgeous man that had become his entire world.
Ten chapters in and just now finally getting a smut scene?  What? Lol Dean and Castiel reconnect.
“Wait...Dean-” he was interrupted by the next image.  Something similar but this time he was in the background talking about something while Dean stood right in front of him, the ring at his chest with that signature sneaky smile.  How the hell had he not noticed that his boyfriend had a ring and two that he was taking a picture?
Benny grinned, hurrying the best he could back to the clinic.  Once inside Benny closed and locked the door, pushing MacCready up against it, “I’m going to kiss you now,” he said, grinning at how blown out MacCready’s eyes already were.  He leaned in and did just that, moaning at the feel of the other man’s lips on his. Finally! His arms wrapped around MacCready tightly and deepened the kiss, the hitch in his side not even bothering him once.
Castiel was completely lost in his food, not even aware of the noises he was making until he heard Dean chuckling at him.  He just shrugged and dove back in already deciding that he’d need another one...if not three more.
Oh that sounds fun!  You can count us in.
“Y’know you could have said somethin,” Dean whispered softly against Castiel’s ear as he put his arms around his waist, pressed against his back. He didn’t want to upset Inias further, but he also had a problem keeping his hands off Cas if he was nearby. “I’d have liked to know what was coming.”
It took everything in him to not snort at the woman, but MacCready couldn’t honestly blame her. He looked like ten miles of bad road and she obviously cared for Benny. She didn’t have to like him, didn’t have to play nice as far as he was concerned. She was protective over Benny and wanted the man he loved to be happy, that was enough for him. So he nodded in agreement and said, “Thank you, ma’am.”
So, though the two share the same cousins, they in themselves are NOT blood-related.
He winced, really hoped that was a yes question.
Castiel nearly choked on his food, only managing to cough a few times to clear his airway, “Is...is that something you’d want?” he asked softly.
and The Minutemen, so it’s probably best to let you think they fell from the sky as far as I’m concerned.” MacCready said, as he turned away. Benny’s
“You’re ridiculous but you can have the messed up little thing...smells good though,” he grinned. He thought the smell of cherry and warm vanilla would kinda give off an essence of pie and he was not wrong.
“Don't you worry about a thing, sweetheart,” Dean said, pecking a soft kiss to those gorgeous pink cheeks. He turned and grinned at his best friend, “Feel like runnin’ interference for me, for old time’s sake?”
Castiel let Dean hold onto him for a bit longer before he managed to push the man away.  He didn’t know what to say so he stayed quiet, eyes never once leaving Dean’s face.
She picked up her phone again and stared at Henry’s message.  Her feelings for him were confusing. She liked him, thought he was cute and sweet.  It was uncertain if there was anything deeper than that.
“First, if you so much as think about laying a hand on my car and you’ll lose it. Secondly, I can wash my own damn clothes,
College...right?
He was ready to put Mac on the ground until a hiss from Cas pulled their attention away. He was grabbing at his side and Dean felt a heavy shudder of fear run up his spine. He pulled Cas in against him as they both went down to the ground, Dean thankfully under him so his landing was padded.
to touch you?” Castiel asked, wriggling his hand free of Dean’s loose grasp, “I know there’s no debt to repay when it comes to this.  You’ve been so incredibly patient with me and yes, I know that you’d continue to wait and be even more patient but I
“No, your momma and Jess drilled it into their heads since they been puppies that, that shit don’t fly around our pack,” Benny said, his mouth slack as Dean could see the man working through his head, “Is that what’s goin on with Mason?”
MacCready tried not to let the loaded question get to him, but he saw what was coming a mile away. It was understandable that they’d want answers, that they’d put two and two together from the relationship their fearless leader now shared with Dean and think it might not add up the way they’d expect; especially with Castiel realizing everything he had and changing something that felt part of his core beliefs. Still, he hoped they wouldn’t be causing trouble, but his fingers twitched toward the pistol on his hip, just in case.
Not to mention the number of raiders that just happen to be standing by...something wasn’t adding up. Sure, there were legions of them that occasionally gathered in large groups but it still tingled in his gut and Dean felt like maybe some piece of the puzzle was missing. Honestly, it could be nothing, but if there was a traitor among them, Dean hoped it wasn’t someone in Jamaica Plains.
“Hmm, hold on a sec,” Benny said and got up, heading to another worker.  She explained to him that they wanted three rows of mutfruit and Benny quickly nodded.  She gave him the bucket full of bulbs and he nodded at Samandriel, “C’mon Angel, this way,” he said heading over to the rows that were already tilled and ready to go.
Your brother is gorgeous...would he even be interested in me?-
I guess that’s a yes
Charlie nodded her head slowly, “Yep...if these were taken out first, it would have left Sommerville completely defenseless.  Now, I don’t know what happened with the Brotherhood, but we work on a telephone tree system. One compound sees a blue grenade go up and whoever is in the area, sends radio feedback to us here.  Then whoever we have out in the field is sent to the location right away. Neither of these places was seen using their grenades or radioed in for help. And there’s only one group out there that would do something like this,” Charlie said biting her lip.
That would be awesome.
“Damn kid, you’ve been busy,” Benny laughed.
It took a few hours to edit the photos together in a slide show but eventually he managed to get it worked out. The music playing in the background was soft and an instrumental version of Cas’ favorite song, so it wouldn’t overpower the message. Twenty nine days of photos and videos mashed together, each and every single one different from the last.
“Meg...I think I might have an idea.  How many Alphas do we have in the area that aren't mated?” Hael asked.  Meg spluttered and Hael could have sworn she heard the phone drop.
“As much as you want, I’ll make you some my damn self if I have to,” he said, the tone teasing and light but he meant every word of it. He’d move heaven and earth to give Cas whatever the hell he wanted.
Benny ate a bit more slowly, wanting to savor the fact that they had almost double the rations that they normally got.  Including Brahmin sausage. It was a rarity and only given to those going out beyond the walls. And he had four of them on his plate.  He was sad when he swallowed the last bit of it but hopefully, it wouldn’t be the last. If all went well of course.
Dean chuckled, “I’ll make sure they get you whatever you want, sweetheart.”
“I swear...Bobby if anything happens-if those...fucking Gunners find him-” Mary stammered, hands clenched into tight fists.
boy and Dean worked part-time at his Uncle Bobby’s shop, Part-time at the Roadhouse, his one redeeming quality was that he was also a volunteer firefighter, which sounded a lot more glamorous than it really was, but basically he was pretty muscle and that was about it.
“You’re a blind, old fool, Castiel. You’ve been so bitter for so long that you can’t even see shades between black and white anymore…” He didn’t want to say it, hurt him just thinking it, but if anyone was going to put the guy in his place, it had to be him. “This us versus them mentality is killing you, it’s turning you into something...something far worse-.”
“Mm, thank you,” Castiel said, leaning back against the couch.  Dean finished off the current one he was munching on and leaned back as well.  There was only so much patience Castiel had and he was eager to kiss his boyfriend again.
“Yeah.  Though Pam says we should still try it, Keelie’s hesitant.  All who have been on it have been older. She’s scared what it’ll do to the girls reproductive organs...and honestly?  I don't blame her. I had to send Luc and Chuckles away though. Her scent...is...it’s affecting even me and that just makes me want to stab myself in the face about a hundred times over,” Meg said.  Hael cursed under her breath. Thank the Gods Meg had gotten her to a more secluded safe house, one that didn’t have a front of a club or restaurant. If the Omega’s scent was this powerful, bringing her there would have been disastrous.
“No, no you wouldn’t do that…” MacCready agreed. Castiel was loyal to him, to a fault. It wasn’t just what they’d been through, but also the work they’d done together that tied them both up in knots at the thoughts of losing it. He knew that. Benny hadn’t even questioned him for a moment but Benny was also a kinder, gentler person than Dean.
Once the fire raining overhead slowed, Dean slumped to the ground and unstrapped the gun on his thigh. He slid beneath the bent, misshapen metal and allowed the undercarriage to protect him while he got into position. Deep-voice trenchcoat guy was pinned to the ground by one of the beefier raiders and Dean carefully lined up his shot.
“Sorry, I’m a bit uncoordinated as it is, but it’s a nice change to not actually hit the ground,” Samandriel said, trying his hardest not to flush red from the simple contact of their hands intertwined. He knew it was probably just a safety measure, that Benny couldn’t actually be interested in him or anything but it was still the most exciting touch he’d ever felt. Adrenaline and a mix of other things flooded through him the moment Benny’s arms wrapped around him, and it didn’t fade as they moved across the field.
“I’m glad to help out sometimes, you are too precious to die from starvation, or exposure of college life, same thing,” he grinned, hands settling gently on Cas’ hips.
“I need you too,” he whispered before surging forward again but this time he opened his mouth and let out a loud moan as Dean’s tongue pushed past his lips.
“Nothing I just-I can’t drive right now, y’know?”
“Than’s Benny,” Castiel slurred a bit.  The exhaustion was catching up with him and he was barely aware of Dean gently guiding him through the settlement.  He damn near whimpered with relief when his back hit a soft mattress and gentle hands were peeling off his heavy layers.  He was just about to fall asleep but Dean wasn’t on the bed with him just yet.
“Now?”
She ran her fingers through her hair, the touches of green making her smile bitterly.  She’d done it during a week she’d been alone and her mother had been furious. It turned into an ugly screaming match that her father quickly tried to get in the middle of.  She had hoped he would be on her side. He told her to be quiet, mind her mother and go to her room. She felt so betrayed and refused to talk to either of them until they left the house the next morning.
“Baby no!” Castiel surged forward, almost afraid Dean would knock him away but he didn’t, he allowed for him to come closer and cup his face with his hands, “It had nothing to do with that!  I trust you so much, God...how can you not see that?  I trusted you with my life, my body, and my heart.  I’m so sorry that I made you doubt me, I never meant for this to hurt you or keep it from you.  I’m so sorry...Dean please, I’m sorry,” Castiel said, tears beginning to drip down his cheeks as his hands moved to practically clinging onto Dean’s shoulders.  The fear that his husband could quite possibly leave him for this making it difficult to breathe.
“Yeah man.  The Minutemen keep very detailed records of everything.  Every settlement they go to, help, take supplies to, everything.  It was reported that the two settlements never radio’d The Castle requesting back up or just letting them know.  The Minutemen only ended up going there because they hadn’t heard from either of them in three weeks,” Benny explained.
Castiel frowned as he watched the worry etch all over MacCready’s face and he reached out to grip onto his friend’s wrist, “Hey, he’ll be okay,” he said softly, dragging the pad of his thumb over the inside of MacCready’s wrist.
Castiel snuggled close and smiled for the first picture, Dean’s hand squeezing his shoulder.  The next one he nuzzled his face against Dean’s neck and took a deep breath of his boyfriend’s cologne.  It was one of his spicier ones that Castiel absolutely adored.
Dean swallowed hard as he sat down on the bench, hands folded between his knees.
“But can we just...go down there?” he asked, turning to Benny with a confused look, before glancing back. “They’re probably not just open to the public are they?”
If it’s no trouble...you can.
“Nothing happened, Castiel. Stop trying to do that weird thing where you stare at me until you can see into my head or something. I just want out of it, that’s all… it was just a little fun.” he lied, his heart clenched tightly in his chest as he did so.
alone, not ever again. That’s what you keep me around for,” he said, trying his best to tease his friend but it came out too rough, his voice shaky with determination and terror.
Benny looked up the moment he heard the gut-wrenching sound of someone sobbing.  The blood drained from his face when he saw Dean carrying Castiel, blood on the younger man’s fingers.
“Hey,” Dean said. He wasn’t quite sure what else to say, knew she’d have a problem with him going but he also knew that she’d have to deal with it. Even if he hadn’t wanted to do a mission so badly, he was of age now and for the compound, the community, they needed every able-bodied member out scouting for supplies and bringing settlers back to improve the camp. He couldn’t apologize, not and mean it anyway, so instead he stayed silent.
Dean swallowed, staring down at the picture he pulled back up on his phone. The guy was gorgeous, and yeah...Cain wasn’t wrong, he looked
“I know babe, I was only teasing.”
“My name is Castiel Novak, this is my companion MacCready.  We’re from the settlement Nordhagen Beach-”
“I see you and Pogue are getting along,” she said with a wide grin.  Kenton flushed and playfully pushed her back.
“I just,I-” Dean started breathlessly, he mind clouding over in a hazy lust making it difficult to remember his own damn name much less make any sort of decision. Pretty soon, it wouldn’t matter...he was going to spill so unbelievably fast, like he hadn’t in a few years. “Jus-just want you, Cas.”
“But?”
Benny grinned, “You got one hell of a kid brother there Dean-o.”
“But, you don’t know the whole story, Brady.  About your parents-”
“Yo’ Benny, get your ass up man.”
“You guys ever get flooded, being this close to the water?” Dean asked curiously, it wasn’t like he was looking for faults or anything but he wouldn’t mind it if Cas wanted to relocate, though he wouldn’t ask it of him. Dean knew how important these settlements were, these people were to Cas and he’d have just as hard of a time leaving his mom, Sammy, and Bobby...not to mention Benny if that douchebag MacCready didn’t get his shit together.
“Cas has a lot of experience rebuilding. You’d be more than a little surprised at some of the stuff I’ve seen with him just over the last few weeks,” Dean swore, a small but pride smile on his lips. “If you can convince Rufus to not stir shit up and let Cas and his people in for a couple of weeks the place would be like new...better than new actually. I’ve seen it with my own two eyes.”
“Whatever you want, Sweetheart. I’d tell the whole world if it were up to me but it’s probably safer to keep it as quiet as we can manage. Though, if we tell mom and Bobby we’re gonna have to tell Sammy too. No way is that kid not gonna know somethin’s up…” he said, a fondness warming his heart at the thought of his dorky kid brother.
“We gotta get home, I think the days for sending a message are long gone, Bobby’s gonna freak out if we’re not there, flesh and blood, y’know?” Dean said to Benny, quietly as they watched the sunset over the horizon. “I was hoping to put it off a little longer but I don’t want him sending anyone out after us.”
Dean lets his jealousy get the best of him...
His mom spent the entire time running her fingers through Cas’ hair and holding him close. Dean was actually surprised the guy let her, but he wasn’t going to complain if it meant they were finally getting along. “Samuel’s got it out for Cas and he’s taking out settlements, or at least trying to, just to draw him out...we need to come up with a game plan.”
I will and definitely tell him that your smile makes you even more gorgeous ;O)
“Eat up sweetheart, I’m gonna make sure that your food packs are to my standards,” Mary said first to Benny and then both of them.
had sent him over the week.
Sam smiled at the voices on the other side of the door and bit his lip waiting for Dean’s sleepy face to poke out through the door, “Hey bro.  Just wanted to let you know dinner’s about to start and Mom’s not exactly on a warpath but she’s been demanding to see you.  She missed you,” Sam laughed softly.
I’ll be there!  ;O)
“Y-You...you okay?’ Benny managed to choke out, his eyes still squeezed shut.  The sun was searing straight into his brain.
Cain frowned and looked down at the phone, message alerts were coming in like crazy from Castiel, “Bro, you sure?  You’ve been waiting for Cas to reach out and now he is,” he said.
“Now we just sit like this for a little bit and wash it all away again,”  Dean said, squeezing Cas’ hand as he held his head back a little to keep everything in place. “How’s school going?”
Honestly? It was friggin’ adorable.
Castiel was pacing, heart racing in his throat as his fingers pulled at his hair, “Th-This man, killed my family...and countless others just...just out of revenge?” He spat as his entire body began to shake.  For ten years he had believed in one thing and one thing only and now, to have that ripped away with an even worse truth to take its place…
Castiel drank his tea slowly.  The heat of it leaving goosebumps as the cold grass tickled his bare feet.  He’d just left Kenton’s party to search out his sister. It wasn’t hard to find her these days.  Usually either in the greenhouse or with his daughter Aine. He walked past the growing herbs and veggies of their abundant garden and opened the greenhouse.
He glanced up at the sky, praying that their string of good weather would hold.  That was another thing they were running short of. Stimpaks they had by the crateload but Radaway was growing harder and harder to find.  One team was definitely going to have to stop in Diamond City and hell, he himself was gonna be visiting Mayor Hancock over at Good Neighbor.  Maybe he could finally score the man’s supplier’s name.
“Anyway,” he growled out at MacCready’s look of astonishment, “These green bastards have been attacking them, stealing their food, destroying the rest.  They’ve already lost someone...and they have children,” Castiel said, the last word coming out strained and pain filled.
“What do you want Dean?” he asked, exhaustion clear in his voice.
“Lovely,” she grumbled rubbing the back of her neck.
“None of this, none of it is your fault Dean.  I held onto my hate for so long…” Castiel took in a slow breath and took a few more sips before letting his head fall back, a few tears sliding down his cheeks.  He was too tired to wipe them away. There was something warm brushing his skin and he jerked a little but smiled when he realized it was Dean brushing them off with his thumb.
It wasn’t until he was cleaning it out at the end of the night that he surprised himself and shoved the slip of paper into his pocket before leaving. When he got outside, the cool fresh air felt good against his face and he slid in behind the wheel of his baby before he pulled out his phone and sent a message.
“Fair question, but I’ve got another one for you... I get that what happened to Sommerville, that’s not really on you guys and I can handle that, even if it might take Castiel a bit longer,” MacCready said with a long sigh at how he’d gotten himself into this situation. “But what I really want to know is can I trust you...with this. And by that I mean are you going to keep it to yourself or would you be compelled to answer if asked by say...Bobby Singer or hell, even Dean at this point. That boy sure does have a penchant for running his mouth at the wrong time?”
Benny made a face, pulling the book she’d been reading towards him.  It took him a minute and then he understood, “They checked out two other settlements in that same time frame.  Both of them had been taken out as well. I’m going to guess these two would have been the ones in range to send aid to Sommerville?” Benny asked.
“I was rinsing it out when I heard you two down here. She’s asking for some of that beef stew you always make when Pop’s not feeling well?” she asked moving to lean up against the counter.  Jericho moved over to her, his little arms wrapping around his sister’s waist. Leeloo smiled and nuzzled at him, keeping him close.
Andy’s eyes got even bigger and he finally moved out from behind his dad, “Sam says you’re the best big brother anyone could ever have,” he said, glancing up at his dad before sticking his hand out, “I’m Andy.”
Castiel came undone a split second after Dean, the feeling of the man below him shuddering and gripping at him being all too much for him to hold off any longer.  He whimpered long and low, hips rutting against Dean as he tried to slow. The sounds of the storm slowly came filtering back into the hut, barely heard over their ragged breathing and heartbeats.  He kissed at Dean’s swollen lips lazily, his fingers no longer gripping Dean’s hair but scratching at his scalp.
a bright smile instead.
Castiel blinked his eyes open and smiled, the ring looked so out of place but yet perfect on his hand.  Dean was behind him, snoring softly, the sound nearly pulling him back to sleep but he was too restless.  As carefully as he could he grabbed at his cell phone and rolled over. He made sure the ring was in view as he kissed at Dean’s forehead as he snapped a picture.
Hael shook her head of those thoughts and that poor girl Willa.  She was nearing fifteen and desperately needed to be around others of her own age, her own
Castiel let out a slow breath as he moved his head enough to peer up into Dean’s face, “I do Dean.  I’m not willing to let this go so if it means I have to get used to being around a few Minutemen, I will.  Just might take me some time,” he said shifting around again until he could comfortably press his face into Dean’s neck instead this time, the scent of him calming his suddenly frayed nerves.  He was addicted already but this was a much better high.
It was by far one of the girlier activities but when he saw it, that little pouty face popped into his mind and he’d gone a little bit crazy into research mode. There may or may not be an active notepad on his laptop that is filled with all-natural skincare routines...but it would never see the light of day.
“We had to tell Benny and MacCready, we didn’t want to keep secrets from them seeing as how we were all traveling together.  But you’re the first we’ve told after them,” Castiel said.
“I will keep that under advisement,” he said with a wink.  Leeloo kissed at his cheek and he drew her closer, hugging her tightly.
The bullet whistled through the air just as the man moved, Dean went pale at the thought that the guy was going to lean forward into the shot but the strong raider on top of him, pushed back harder and slammed him back to the ground just in time for the bullet to sink into their skull.
“I hate you both,” Castiel grumbled, finally walking away to head over to Samandriel’s house.  His sister’s and Pamela’s laugh following him.
He’d been looking for Cas for a while when he found him, MacCready with hand on his hip and the other gently stroking Cas’ chin. He trusted his husband, really he did but the touch was so
“Lee, I think that’s your phone.”
Castiel hummed, tilting his head to rest it on MacCready’s shoulder, “She is,” he said softly.  Biting his lip he straightened up and turned to face his friend.
A light bulb switched on in Kenton’s head and he gasped.  He’d heard that word muttered before and it was as if a puzzle piece shifted into place.  The wolf stopped pacing and settled, allowing for Kenton to breathe easier.
“Her, that’s who we need to talk to.”
“I don’t know what to do RJ,” Castiel said softly, hands folding in his lap as his stomach roiled dangerously, “I didn’t mean to keep what you and I had done from him, it just didn’t seem like it would matter.  And as much as I love him...I’m not willing to give up on our friendship.”
If you haven't yet, check me out on tumblr @bugandkitlove
?” he asked, grinning lasciviously at the man. It was mostly gentle teasing, but he needed something to get the fact that his best friend was in pain, off of his mind. And well, if Cas was willing to provide that distraction, he’d gladly take him up on it.
She wanted to, she missed everyone so badly but for whatever reason, her parents thought it was best if she grew on her own.  That she didn’t become so dependent on the others. Like it was a bad thing. Neither of them would listen to her, no matter how much she begged to go home.
“Well I know we got off to a rocky start last time, with you and Cas...but you should know, mom that he’s...he’s it for me. He’s given me one of his parents rings and I’ve accepted, now it might not mean the same thing as some of those fancy papers people used to get but to me its; well it’s everything,” Dean said, swallowing thickly. It was a moment he hoped would bring them all joy but he wasn’t quite convinced it would.
“Of course but I get the feeling now isn’t one of those times,” she said with a quirked brow.  Castiel nodded, the flutter of nerves in his belly going a bit crazy. There was a warm hand on his and he sighed.
“Well of course you have,” she said, though she did grin into the hug. She grinned widely at Benny but just as Dean was ready to pull another patty off the flame behind her she spoke, “Child you’re about to get burnt.”
MacCready backtracked into the small building that he and Benny had claimed, smiling up at the man. “Dean and Castiel are fine, looks like everyone’s okay actually, just a little bloody.”
Dean sipped from a bottle of warm bourbon in his hand as he stared down at his hands. He stood up, the buzz of alcohol was present for him but he wasn’t drunk, not yet. He walked across the house and knocked on his brother’s door.
“Not a radiation one though.  It’s still going to be a bad one.  Make sure everyone gets inside and the shutters are in place,” Castiel said.  Everyone was already making their ways into the huts, his eyes finding Dean instantly.
“I for one think you need to talk to him, clear the air at least.  But that’s up to you. I talked to Dean,” he said finally looking up at MacCready.
Castiel nodded frantically, his next breath coming out as a groan in frustration when Dean didn’t continue, “Yes, please Dean,” he said and whimpered as Dean’s hips slowly rolled against him, “Oh, oh wow...t-touch me...please Dean?”
“Don’t lie, you know I’m damn pretty,” Benny chuckled, only wincing just a bit as MacCready got him steady on his feet.  The air outside smelled fantastic and he sighed, not realizing how badly he needed the sun on his skin until that moment.  They managed down the steps and he was good with walking the rest of the way to the mess hall.
Could be…
Castiel wiggled a bit as he posted it to his instagram and facebook.  He knew Dean would probably post it on his blog as well.
“You don't even have to ask, of course, I’ll watch him...if he wants to stay with me. Though he’s gotten quite close with Sam so I don’t think that will be much of a problem,” Mary grinned despite herself. Everything they’d talked about, it was all a lot, but she had faith in her boys and she knew that her father’s days were numbered, even if she had to do it herself. A darker part of her knew she’d enjoy doing just that. The man had tortured and killed her mother because she’d been seen as a sign of weakness, well now he was just as much a threat to her family and all the ‘training’ he’d forced on her would finally pay off.
“He needs to rest,” he said softly, covering Castiel a bit more to keep him warm.
Bobby snorted, “Yeah, Carla’s been banned from Sanctuary Hills recently, caught her snoopin around Sam’s workshop and I thought it about time she find somewhere else to be.  Cricket, well, she was banned right after our chem outbreak,” Bobby said with a sigh, “We barely caught in time but she was giving all the youngins chems, getting them hooked enough that they began to steal ammo and weapons to buy from her.  Chased her ass outta here pretty damn quick when we finally caught on.  She mostly carries anything that can be called a weapon.  She’d definitely have no problem trading with the damn Gunners.”
As he read through them, he nearly dropped to his knees right there.
“For what exactly? Just what do you plan to do with me
Dean froze and then gave Missouri his most charming smile.
“Don’t worry, Charlie. We work smart, we’re not doing anything until we find out more about what’s going on out there anyway.” He grinned and gave her a wink. “Keep in touch though, okay? We better meet up with Rufus and get those supplies so we can cover some distance before it gets dark.”
But you’ll figure it out Cas.
He was going to text, but it was easier to call with his hands occupied.
We can meet at the cafeteria instead.  It’s nice and there are some couches we can sit at.
“Oh...definitely a compliment,” Castiel gasped.  His hand looked tiny wrapped around Dean’s cock. He didn’t have much to compare it too but to him, it was absolutely perfect, “I imagined you to be well endowed but this…” he said, squeezing around the base again before stroking up his shaft.
“Rhia stop!” she called out, holding her side as it cramped a little.  Her mate stopped in mid-step and Leeloo could hear her sigh even from where she stood.
“You’ve had one or two good ideas, don’t get cocky,” MacCready teased, though it barely came out in a fully formed sentence with how much he was panting and trying to catch his breath. “Fuck that was amazing though, can’t wait to have a real go at you.”
Castiel was studying for his exam when his phone went off.  Without glancing from his book, he snatched it up, expecting it to be his sister.
Castiel dragged his fingers through his wet hair, grateful to have the last few days of dust and now blood off of him.  He got dressed in some of the spare clothing he always brought with him and sighed, needing to get back outside to help get the turrets and guard towers built.  He noticed Dean standing off to the side and bit his lip, debating for a split second before finding himself heading over to the guy.
Dean pulled Cas in for a hug, and grinned toward the camera before he put a finger to his lips and smiled wider. He took the opportunity while Cas was looking the opposite direction to slip the keys for the Impala into the shot so that the engagement ring was clearly displayed.  He rubbed their noses together and then released him, “I wouldn’t say no to either but I’ll be up in a few. You don’t have to come back out.”
“What do you want for dinner tonight? I’ll make you something special,” he called out to the living room.
Amara frowned down at her cup and let out a sigh. “You do realize that with our boyfriends being
“How l-long,” he started, before he swallowed and asked again. “How long since you-you took it?”
“Dean…” Castiel sighed, letting his head fall back.  He needed to move, to get over this paralyzing fear that was keeping his feet glued to the ground.  There was a gentle press of lips against his forehead and Castiel whimpered.
good and he couldn’t be expected to think while Cas was doing that thing with his mouth.
MacCready could see the pain still lingering in his friend and it hurt him to his core. He reached up and gently squeezed Castiel’s chin, “We don’t
Dean shook his head, frowning Cas was far too good for him. If there was any kind of scale he knew where he’d be.
Dean followed him eagerly, smiling as they cuddled up on the small mattress together. “Not that I’m complaining about anything before, but you’re right...this is a lot more comfortable,” he said, huffing out a laugh before nosing at Cas’ neck and leaving small nips and sucks at the skin there. The warm honeyed scent filled his nose with just a hint of salt on his tongue, it was intoxicating. “Goddamn, you-you taste amazing. It’s like I can’t get enough.”
“Not tonight, Cas…” Dean said softly, not wanting him to feel any kind of rejection. “Let’s get some sleep. There’s tea and a snack on the nightstand if you want it.”
Castiel blinked a few more times and finally just rubbed the sleep out of his eyes, “It’s not your fault Dean.  And they shouldn’t presume to know you or your brothers,” Castiel said, moving a bit so he could rest his head on Dean’s shoulder.
“I still owe him one, you tell him I’mma collect soon too...” Dean grinned, nudging back at his friend. As much as he hated to admit it, MacCready was good for Benny. Apparently, the guy made his best friend happy even if he had a tendency to rub him the wrong way.
“Yes, I did quit..I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you sooner but if I’m being honest I just wanted to forget I even did that, that I was that weak.  But Rachel…” Castiel sighed and paced a little, “Her, Muriel, and a few others confronted me yesterday after my announcement. They think you’re manipulating me and Rachel brought up that they saw me high.  I hadn’t even told MacCready about it yet.”
“You’re welcome Dean,” She said and bit her bottom lip, “Just...look I’m all for taking down the big scary guys who pick on the smaller ones but...just be careful okay?  Messing with the Institue will not end well,” she said softly.
They ate quietly for a few minutes, barely chewing what he hoped would be his last meal inside the castle, though Dean knew neither of them was really in the position to turn down food. The storm had added onto their trip, even with Castiel’s generosity of the nasty mutfruit, they’d also given away some jerky so it evened out a bit, meaning they were still running lower than he’d like.
“Hey, you okay?” he asked, rushing outside to get a better look at his friend and leader.
Later, much later when Castiel was alone and questioning his sanity, he’d remember this be even more embarrassed.  Before he could stop himself, he snagged at the container and groaned, “I knew it...you’re not real and this is all some kind of fantasy,” he grumbled, his eyes nearly crossing when he took the lid off.
“I know how much you want this and I don’t have any more excuses to you hold you back,” she said with a little smile, “But you have to promise me that you won’t do anything reckless,” she said softly.
Leeloo swung her arms around as she crossed over the compound in the direction where she knew her brother had gone. He was being such a pain lately. Everytime their Pop had to leave he’d start acting out. It made her so frustrated when he would completely disregard anything their dad had to say.
“No...not yet anyway.  He thinks I don’t trust him and I fucking actually begged...
“Is that all, boss?”
“No, he hasn’t. He got in one of his moods the moment you left. I think he was hoping you’d take him with you this time. I don’t know what to tell him. It’s not like I can say you can’t go because your sister would be the one to go cause she’s going to take your father’s place someday,” Castiel sighed rubbing at his face again.
Just...let me know you’re okay, I just need to know you’re okay and I’ll leave you alone.
“Okay, okay...backburner then. So what else have you got for me? There’s gotta be something I can dig into...anything on the gunners?” Dean asked, his eyes wide and pleading. He needed something to get him out of his head and Charlie had gotten damn good at putting him to work.
Now, onto their adventure. New places, new people, new
: I’m even more convinced you’re only talking to me out of pity! lol
“Mmm,” Castiel groaned, blindly reaching for Dean’s arm to pull him in tighter against his back.  His boyfriend warmed him up better than any blanket could and he was absolutely starved for that warmth and touch.
“Mmm, God that was amazing,” he hummed, voice coming out almost like a purr.
“We heard your distress calls.  We’re here to help,” he said. The woman scoffed, eyeing the two of them with an incredulous stare.
I never say no to ice cream.
Castiel sat up and rubbed at the back of his neck.
Castiel swallowed hard.  Was Dean angry with him?  “Dean wait!” he tried calling out again but his husband just kept walking.  He took off in a run until he caught up to his husband and grabbed at his shoulder.
“I’ll help him if he needs it,” he offered.  She beamed at him and nodded.
“Sure, and I bet Cas can find you all kinds of stuff to mess with, we have some places hidden around where there are spare parts laying everywhere,” MacCready admitted, playfully ruffling Andy’s hair.
The gesture itself wasn’t much, but...but it was enough.
“Anna? Really?” He asked.
“Wait, Anna!” he called out after her. He managed to catch her at the door.
“Cas?” Dean set his mug down and grabbed the trashcan, bringing it closer to Castiel.
Naomi didn’t give him a chance to explain. “I can’t believe you would do that to your brother. You know he doesn’t know better.”
“Come on, it’s not like you’re a doctor or something,” Charlie whined. “Plus, I’m arranging your entire wedding. That means you have to do this for me.” Dean raised an eyebrow at her.
“Novak?” The mechanic held his finger up and went back into the garage. He spoke with a woman for a moment before coming back into the waiting area.
Cas looked up from the carpet and didn’t see Dean anywhere. When he stood, his legs almost gave out. He took a moment to shake the feeling back into them before he picked up the pieces of the broken lamp and carried them to the trash. Cas hesitated when he entered the kitchen, surprised to see Dean leaning against the counter with a mug in his hands.
“You are an exceptional singer,” Castiel replied. “You could become a teacher like your mother.” Cas replaced the pillows on the bed and sat down, happy to feel the warm breeze from the open windows blowing across his face.
“How is my car?” Castiel’s voice was even more gravelly than usual from the cigarette smoke. The smirk left the mechanic’s face.
“Allergies,” Doctor Wesson said decisively.
“Okay, any friends you would like to invite?” she tried.
“No. Look, I’m sorry,” he began, his eyes downcast.
“Please, be yourself. I love you. Sam loves you, though God knows what he’s been doing lately. Charlie loves you. Hell, Meg loves you and she hates everyone. It’ll make you feel better.”
“Precisely why I want them all to be there,” he replied.
“I’m sorry, Mom,” Lucifer responded, not daring to look up.
“Not all doctors are competent,” Castiel replied after a moment. There were incompetent doctors, especially psychiatrists, and he wanted someone he could trust.
Dean paused. "Do you think that would help?"
“Don’t!” Shouted Cas, ripping his hands away from Dean. “Please.” He added quietly. He continued to flap his hands and pace.
“I'm sorry,” Castiel said. His cheeks flushed; he felt he was making an idiot out of himself.
“Me too,” Dean said, holding out his hand to Cas as he walked around the car. Cas hesitated, but gripped it tightly. His other hand started tapping against his leg.
“Are you going to go home too?” Dean asked as he firmly rubbed a hand up Cas’s back. Cas jumped at the initial contact, but then relaxed against the pressure along his spine.
After Sam stepped out, the doctor ran through a series of medication recommendations that Dean couldn’t really absorb. He also gave him a list of referrals to allergists in the area and asked if Dean was willing to find his cat another home. Dean was saved from answering when he heard his name being called from halfway down the hall. Seconds later his wide-eyed, out-of-breath husband was standing in the doorway. Dean sat up and gave him a reassuring smile.
Cas stood up and headed to their room to get dressed. Dean sat at the table for a moment, confused. Then, he got up and followed his husband.
From what Castiel analyzed, the man seemed nervous. As far as Castiel figured, the only reason a mechanic should be nervous was if they had ruined a car.
“Is Dean...” she paused, hesitating. “Is Dean, you know, special? Like you?” Castiel was thrown off by the question.
Sam woke up in the middle of the night having heard a strange noise coming from the kitchen. Instinctively, he reached for the bat he kept beside his bed, belatedly realizing he wasn’t at home. Sam sighed; the sound was probably Cas or Dean. After a moment’s hesitation, he got up and snuck quietly toward the kitchen, just to be sure it wasn’t an intruder. Peering in, he spotted Castiel humming and pacing, his hands flapping wildly at his sides.
“I know.” Someone knocked on the door.
“Do you want me to get it?” Dean asked.
“Were you not against being unemployed, I’d suggest you join a country club.” Dean wrinkled his nose and raised an eyebrow, but Cas didn’t quite get the gesture.
Castiel stared at her, unable to speak. He could barely even form cohesive thoughts. The sound of his mother’s breathing and the playful shrieking of his sister were overwhelming. He just wanted everything to stop. It was loud and angry, and Castiel was done with the situation. Bits of thoughts struck through his mind rapidly, but the main point was clear: his mother needed to stop.
“I’m sorry, I don’t understand. Special?” he finally asked.
After they had woken up properly, Cas and Dean went to the store.
“So we’re done?” Charlie asked hopefully.
“I have a standing offer to do lectures and research at Stanford. I make enough money for the both of us to live comfortably,” Castiel replied casually.
“Not really.” They went silent again.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said, reveling in how smoothly, how nicely, his name rolled off his tongue.
“Hello Sam Winchester.” His hands jittered lightly at his sides. They stood awkwardly in the doorway for a moment.
“I thought the conversation was over,” Cas said seriously, taking Dean’s hand.
A disheveled Sam burst in seconds later, met with the sight of Castiel hyperventilating.
“Castiel. Castiel Novak…obviously.”
“My car is right there, where we usually park.” Cas pulled a cigarette out of the packet before they went home.
"I'm not pitying you. I'm trying to help," Dean defended.
Cas and Dean watched thoughtfully as the drama unfolded.
“I am in no way an infant, Dean Winchester,” Castiel snarled. His hands trembled. Dean rubbed a hand through his hair.
“I’m o-out o-of ci-cigarettes,” he stuttered. Anger bloomed red in his mind; he didn’t like how broken his voice sounded. Dean rolled his eyes and shoved Cas’s shoulder playfully, making him flinch again. Dean didn’t seem to notice.
“I’m afraid not. Your grades were average, veering on below average, which is surprising because you earned a 1400 on the SAT, which is just below mine. That’s approximately a 2000 nowadays.”
Dean paled, or he would have if he wasn’t so red-faced from his allergies. Cas loved Grace, and though he had trouble admitting it to anyone but Grace herself, he loved her too.
Dean patted his hand. “Thanks, but I’m not really interested in being a barista.”
“Hey, Cassie!” A short man donning a Santa hat and reindeer sweater grinned, shoving a giant Christmas bag into his hands as he walked inside. “Nice pad.”
Sam couldn’t really think of anything to counter that. He looked to Charlie, who had her arms crossed and was glaring at him. He held his arms up in surrender. “Fine. I’ll do it before you leave.”
When he didn’t answer, Naomi slapped him across the face. “I asked you a question, Castiel. Is this a cigarette?” Any verbal response refused to form, but he nodded. The thing in her hand was a cigarette. That was one thing his brain seemed able to agree upon.
Charlie went over to the stage and whispered to the singer. A quiet, “For real this time?” escaped through the speaker. “Hey, everyone, we’re going to take an actual break because the couple is actually here and they’re going to cut the cake!”
“Hi. How did your lunch go?” Cas asked, shutting off the television. Dean knelt by the couch, and kissed Castiel’s hand.
“Oh, that was your last name. You were making a joke. I'm sorry,” Cas said as the pieces clicked into place.
“Hey, sweetheart,” he said with a gentleness in his voice specific to her. He scratched behind her ears. “Do you like that?” he asked as she purred and leaned into his fingers. “Good kitty.”
“Fine. I’ll ask,” Dean conceded with a smirk.
“I think two months would be lovely Dean. It should give us enough time to find a suitable apartment.”
They sat in silence for a moment.
“Besides Grace, you, Meg, Sam, and Dean?”
“You two deserve each other!” she screamed. Castiel waited for a moment before getting up and cautiously going after her, struggling to remain upright.
“We didn’t pay you for snark,” Charlie hissed.
"Whoa there," Sam said, putting his arm out. "Maybe you should lay down."
Cas walked into the living room and sat down on the sofa. Dean followed and waited patiently for Cas to explain.
"How do you know what Lucifer does?"
“No. I am an adult. You don’t have to protect me from your brother, or your mother, or my mother. I can protect myself.”
“They aren’t white suburban parents. Linda isn’t even white.”
“You aren’t going near him,” Dean growled before slamming the door in her face. He went to the kitchen and found Castiel with a cigarette in his trembling hand.
“Okay, I mean, if you have plans with your mother, that’s fine. She seemed like a lovely woman.” On that note, the pastor left. Given the alcohol he’d imbibed, Cas didn’t tense like he usually did at the mention of Naomi. He just drew his lips tightly together, disapprovingly.
Castiel cut the cake and they fed it to each other, staring at the rest longingly. Neither had realized how hungry they were. It took fifteen minutes to have everyone served and ten after that to get the band back on stage.
“Yeah, I was just thinking.” Dean looked at Cas for a second before smiling.
“You never leave without doing your routine.” Dean noted out loud.
“Never mind. I’m going to call a cab now. Why don’t you go back inside?” Castiel nodded.
“Of course, darling. I’m sorry for making you deal with him this early.” She patted Michael’s shoulder gingerly.
“Everything. It’s just lately…I can’t—I forget everything, and work, and our apartment. I tried driving to our old home yesterday. I can’t right now.”
“Does he have the same thing you have?” he stared at her blankly. “You know, in his head ? ” She looked at him for an answer.
Dean let out a small chuckle despite himself. “Cas, I was making a joke.”
“We’ll have to run some tests, but based on your chart, I’d say cats.”
“Don't be. It's cute,” Dean said softly. Cas could feel his hand threatening to flap, so he abruptly walked outside. He was elated. His hands shook as he pulled another cigarette out of the pack.
“Okay, but that’s seven people,” Charlie stated.
“Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up.” Castiel put his hands over his ears.
“Come on, guys. Cake, dance, Sam’s rightful humiliation, and then you can go.” Everyone followed her out of the bathroom. Cas and Dean leaned on each other lightly for support and comfort. Sam followed behind, sulking.
“Oh.” It was silent for a moment before Dean started laughing. Cas looked at him, his expression a mix between confusion and amusement. “Well, Charlie told me how you got expelled from two high schools, but still graduated early and ran away to Princeton before you told me.” Castiel fingers dug in deeper when he heard about the invasion of privacy. Not that he was innocent, but it set him on edge.
"We may have hung out once or twice."
"Look at you like what?" he asked from the doorframe.
"No!" His hands began to flap at his sides. "You can't make me do anything."
Castiel had woken up late, which meant he would be late to breakfast, would be late to leave the house, and he would be an hour late to his appointment. The driver would surely tell his mother. Castiel started to hum and reached for his cigarettes. He was halfway through, when he heard a knock at the door.
“We are not keeping it,” Dean blurted. Castiel didn’t shift his gaze to Dean, but pouted all the same.
“Cas, I never said—”
Days after the first shot, Sam sat in the armchair while Dean sat on the couch with Grace and Cas’s head in his lap. While Sam and Cas watched a documentary, Dean researched community colleges with more enthusiasm than he had before he was sick. He had direction and supportive family to back him up.
Dean ignored his husband’s strange behavior. He had been a little off since they’d moved in. It was better than last time; they’d gotten into fights every other day when after they first moved in together. After a few hours of getting over being angry about the cigarettes, he had once again persuaded Cas to join him in their bedroom, though for a completely different reason.
Sam had gone home launder Dean and Cas’s bed linens, and vacuum and air out their bedroom to hopefully eliminate some of the cat dander and help with Dean’s symptoms.
“Castiel, give him the cigarettes.” Castiel’s eyes widened and he shook his head wildly. It was his last pack. Without them, his mother would notice he was stimming more, and then he’d be back up to two sessions a week. “I said, give him the cigarettes.” Naomi narrowed her eyes. Cas clenched his fists and shook his head firmly.
“My phone is right there.” Said Cas, pointing to his bedside table. He stripped and put on his home clothes.
“Of course.”
“Yes?”
Naomi returned not long after, his siblings following behind her. Castiel didn’t like other people in his room. He dug his fingers into his arms, trying to remain calm, as his siblings lined up near the door.
“I’ll leave you two for a moment,” the doctor said.
“I know. I helped put him in the car. Why would she call you about that?” Dean asked worriedly.
"Mine's green, you ass," Cas said with a smile. Not much had changed.
“You can have my room,” Cas added, his voice muffled slightly by his arms. He hated people being in his room. However, Cas thought since he was comfortable marrying Dean, he should start thinking of Sam as his brother-in-law and not as a typical guest or friend. If that meant lending out his room for a night, he wanted to get used to it. Dean was pleasantly surprised by the offer; most of the time not even he was allowed in Castiel’s cool down room.
“Yeah, it’s cool, man,” Dean interrupted. The stiff awkwardness in Sam’s posture flowed out of him and a relieved smile crossed his face.
“We moved a couple weeks ago.” Dean put down the canister. “Are you okay?”
“As much I approve of emotionally scarring Sam, I would suggest putting on some clothes.” Cas looked down and laughed lightly.
"What happened?" he asked. He looked over to Dean who was still standing near his dresser, wide-eyed.
