"The place with the books?" he asked.
Knowing this is literally what's classed as weird behavior Dean takes a step back, moving his eyes back to his beloved car. "That's baby, she's a 1967 Chevy Impala. I grew up in that car Cas, my Dad gave her to me when I was sixteen." he can hear how proud he sounds.
He reached out for it only to get his hand slapped away, "Dean's secret Santa gift?"
After watching their choice of movie (Thor: Ragnorok because awesome) finishing the pizza and two more beers Dean was feeling more than tipsy. Which had him heading upstairs to his recently old bedroom.
Regrettably Gabriel put the muffin aside to finish of the coffee and grab some juice for Henry and Sam, his eyes never straying far from Dean as Sam moved out of the way to let Cassie through the door.
"I wish! Nah we're playing twister," Gabriel clarified as shouts and screams came through the connection. "Something up?"
"Great, someone to literally feed your obsession," commented Bal wryly, expecting an equally unfunny poke at his love for bees, Cas turned to his brother to find him looking at his newly acquired chocolate.
Not to mention the shower was his go to place for such indulgences and he was home alone: not an often occurrence in his life. It was no wonder his body had got the wrong end of the stick really. In fact, he had probably been that way since stepping into the shower only too preoccupied to notice.
"I don't know, Meg just happened to pop by as did my gift giver. Guess I'm just a little on edge."
"Cas, I'm Sam Winchester." thankfully Sam comes to his rescue, holding out his hand which Castiel gladly shakes. "Sorry about Dean here, I doubt he's hit his caffeine intake to function properly." Sam informs him looking more alert than he has any right to. "So you're the plant warrior?" Dean closes his eyes in embarrassment, the title is just one of many his son has come up with.
Dean felt frazzled, the secret, his secret was out. He always suspected the truth to come out sooner than planned, getting this far felt like a feat in itself.
"I haven't set a date yet, but I've always loved doing the school trips. I thought it could become more this way?" Cas shrugs like its no big deal.
"Yes, I like them. He said I could work on it since it was overgrown and neglected, he blamed his knees. He was doing it to distract me, it worked and I found it helped, I quickly came to love it."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Of course, but Henry this is his job it's important. I need for you to be good and not make Cas feel bad, I'm sure he'll call you later if he's too busy now." Henry nodded at what would no doubt leave his head in few minutes.
"Shut up, you know me through the internet, you can't interpret my body language this early," she chastised jokingly before shooing them away.
"He certainly does," answered Gabriel, Dean, however, was already asleep.
"That's awfully sweet, Dean. I'm sure even you couldn't kill a cactus." he teased. "Just remember to talk to it."
"Well Cassie you sure weren't kidding, he's certainly a pretty one."
"Okay, but are you able to help me?" he asked quickly.
"Late last night it was probably morning." she smiled, "What happened to the garden? I wasn't sure I had the right house at first." she joked.
"A lot of people garden Dean, it's a popular pastime." Cas' voice is full of sass, so much it has Bobby chuckling. "We recently met when Henry came to Hive with his class."
Dessert is met with satisfied groans of enjoyment and silence before everyone starts crashing from too much food or alcohol. Dean decides to keep himself busy by tidying along with Cas, who had obviously chosen to ignore Dean's protests of him lifting a finger. They cleaned up for half an hour before Cas went to call whoever was managing the center today. Dean wondered if something was wrong at Hive, he hoped not.
It was overwhelming to a little flirtation he hadn't expected more from, now at any moment now he could bump into Cas. And Dean wanted to, beyond the embarrassment he wanted to see if this could go someplace different than all his previous relationships.
"I'm not sending you a picture of a dude, let alone my employee," screamed Dean, which honestly was only good sense.
So what if he couldn't remember her favorite flower.
"That makes me worry,"
"My son is part of the school trip." he offers taking in his surroundings, the place must be filled with every plant, seed and garden tool one could ever need.
"Yeah, let me grab a seat for this Dean. I need to hear you get descriptive about a plant I think green is a good place to start." Dean flips him off feeling a cushion is too severe after their apologies and Sam's warning about Cas.
"Really Dean, how would you know?" wow Cas could be sassy, he liked it.
Cas sensed his silence spelled trouble for Ruby later but he knew she could hold her own.
"Are you okay at your Aunts?" Cas asked wondering how he'd react if his parents up and left him and Gabriel.
After a few blissful moments his actions had hit him for six, he'd finished to thoughts of Cas or more importantly thoughts of Cas looking at him with undisguised hunger. Communication with Cas was at a standstill only replying that he was working whenever Cas made contact and never once initiating it.
"Dean, you with me?" blinking his eyes back to his own kitchen Dean found Sam watching him.
"Okay, is it Charlie or Cas?" Henry knows his Daddy, there are only so many people he'd rush to save in the dead of night.
* * *
"Something wrong?" Dean asked.
That didn't answer what had happened between him and Cas though? Unless Dean was missing something.
Pushing all his thoughts away Dean pulls into the driveway noticing Sam and Gabriel standing by their parent's car. Once he's out he walks over noticing Gabriel looking nervous, it's more than an odd sight.
Dean smiles watching in wait as Cas takes one, Dean enjoys making food for people, for a while, it was the only thing he could do for Sammy. He was barely old enough to work the stove but he was far from able to get them away from John.
“Dude! Are you crying?” asked Sam only to be more shocked when Dean couldn't formulate a response, Gabriel was quick to take over the conversation.
"Cassie, Dean is taking you home so he can check out that rust bucket you call a car."
Sam's wish came to fruition the following day. Being Dean's day off he was predictably under Baby's hood when it happened.
Cas loved his rare days off, sometimes like today he’d use them to potter around the house he thought of it as a recharge.
A moan came out of Dean on the first taste, what the hell had Cas put in this pie! The apples were soft and spiced to perfection, the pastry was flaky and sweet.
"I have a rep, everyone thinks my pranks are a work or ingenuity, I can't have people knowing math is on my side, it's not cool."
"What's going on?" he asks, directing the question at Sam hoping neither of them will ask about Cas.
"Um, I don't really want to be around everyone, I know we all made plans, sorry."
The sight before him had Gabriel buzzing, not the packet of gummy sour worms he'd eaten in record time. No, these butterflies were of the Sam Winchester variety having kept an eye out for him all morning to finally find him amongst the merchandise stands was so very welcome.
"Dean bring us some bacon!" shouted Gabriel resulting in a shriek from Charlie, "Oops, quickly guys my marvelous smile won't be enough to pacify, Red, I've pissed her off big time. Surely you don't want my death on your conscience."
"So are you going to open that? I suffered Dean's scary glare to bring it to you," Cas picked it up ripping into the top of the gift, once open he reached in pulling out two Bee wordplay bookmarks that made him smile, a save the bees badge and little wooden bees he could stick on his school board in his room.
Thoughts of Sam plagued him all afternoon, even during art class where his main worry should've have been making a fool of himself in front of Cas. Being the only lesson they had together he'd readied himself for it.
Every car in the room shined and looked brand new and yet no matter how big Dean's smile got Cas knew Baby was still number one. She always would be even if Dean were gifted the keys to all of the cars here.
"Please try to make it, Sam will have proper study times set up and you know Dean cooks a mean breakfast." enticed Charlie.
Cas felt relief bloom in his chest thankful that it was actually a guy doing this, Cas really didn't want to have to break some poor girl's heart. He didn't know who it could be though, Balthazar was so sure it was Dean but how could he entertain that idea seriously?
After the initial shock wore off Meg knew she no longer wanted to feel anything, something hard to accomplish when your friends were such bleeding hearts all the time. Alistair and Lillith offered her an escape, they put others down, weak shy kids who wanted to learn without ever spoiling their appetite.
"Castiel has finally accepted my proposal of a date, it's happening tonight." he must be joking, surely Cas wouldn't, with Balthazar! Since neither Sam or Gabriel had cracked up in laughter or screamed prank at him was proof it was true, leaving Dean feeling weird.
"You aren't responsible for that guy's actions," reassured Dean.
“Hello Dean, hello Sam,”
"Its okay, I bet Dean would take you," suggested Gabriel.
It hadn't taken him much to face his fear: cheap tickets, a longer stay at the Convention and arriving on (what should be a public holiday) May the fourth. It also allowed them to splurge for high passes, giving them entry to the Star Wars Panel discussion with the actual cast.
"Don't you want to see him too or did you guys have a fight?"
"Daddy, hurry up we're waiting." Sam looks bemusedly at his nephew currently shouting up the stairs to his brother. In a small miracle, he actually had some time off, deciding to spend it treating Dean and Henry to some fun, Sam style. He hadn't been the best company lately and the case was still ongoing.
"I feel slightly at a disadvantage, surely everyone has had your burgers before?" asks Cas sorting his own food out.
"I think his brain is finally catching up to his feelings and today is the day of Dean's surprise." Cas had spent ages looking for the perfect way to surprise the older Winchester brother.
Dean was feeling excited about the day ahead, yesterday Henry had departed for his school trip getting on the bus with Inias and a smile. It was his real first time away from home, Dean was feeling equally scared and proud.
"I've always wanted to do Secret Santa," answered Cas surprising both the Winchesters.
"Um, I think he took a shine to one of my guys, Benny," Gabriel managed to refrain from jumping out of his chair, only just.
"Sammy, please don't lie, Baby, you're such a good boy," Sam felt his cock twitch in his pants as a moan left his lips.
They were paying for everything when Dean arrived, Sam watched him covertly glance in every direction as if looking for someone.
"Dean this is Hael, Hael meet Dean, Sam and Henry of course." introduced Cas.
"Ready Bro?" asked Gabriel smiling happily at his younger Seraph brother, it was to be their first Christmas with the Winchesters after finally finding them. All those years of not knowing where or how their mates were had been near torture, but they were determined to make up for lost time. especially with their first Christmas.
Cas smiles "Yes, that very one and I also brought some burgers I made." Dean couldn't help but eye him with suspicion.
"Loki?" surprised was laced through Sam's voice as he stared at Gabriel like he was precious.
Yep, still the same. Trying again he types: I think I like boys and girls. Oh, that's a lot of hits, setting down Dean reads up on bisexuality.
“Jeez, why is he such a hit?” asked Jo teasingly.
"I think I like it, baking, it's relaxing."
"Don't mind him Kiddo, it's me he's objecting to right Cassie?"
"I don't know, Gabriel kind of bit my head off a little and he said something like Cas had been having a hard time of it."
"My apologies, I have a little time before my own panel but I would like to return this to you," informed Cas looking regretful as he held out Dean's sketchbook in front of him.
“It’s so beautiful!” exclaimed Gabriel, Dean seemed too awestruck to talk.
Gabriel had saved the day before he even knew he'd messed up (damn him) but it had been too late and Cas didn't arrive before his second lesson, which meant more waiting.
Dean was holed up in his office, having been ousted from the workshop by Benny. Not without reason, he was distracted: causing damage or injury was definitely not on his list of priorities.
Gabriel.
"Dean, I really want that too," moving forward but slower than before Dean reached out to Cas keeping his touch gentle Dean wrapped and arm around Cas' waist his other moving to his hair, God, it was so soft.
"Why did you lie Egg?" he didn't often break out the nickname, Dean even used it less than him. But it was a sure way to the truth.
"Yours definitely, if these are anything like the last one you made I'll be back. Sam took ages to tell me where this place was, he's locked down tighter than the new Star Wars Movie."
"My son is planning a surprise? Cas that is a very worrying sentence." Dean wished he could close off his brain to the sudden onslaught of images.
"I did my shopping, you know for Cas." might as well launch into this thing quickly, he certainly hadn't expected his Dad to break out into a smile.
He didn't need to know about the third, especially when he'd only get one slice of the thing. In his wait for a reply, Dean called Cas' cell.
A tap on his shoulder forces him back to the present, oh, he's next in line. Approaching slowly Charlie comes into focus, she has her awesome red hair down showing her fandom pride by sporting a Maz Katana t-shirt, Dean had obviously opted for Han Solo.
"Sammy never buys me candy, not even to woo me!" he exclaims, though it had been Gabriel chasing after Sam not that the younger Winchester had needed much encouragement.
"Well you guys have fun," said Sam before closing the door behind him. Dean felt Cas tense a little so he squeezed his hand in reassurance before they both got settled in Baby.
"What the hell was that? Did you just wave?" Sam asks viewing Dean as if aliens have taken him over. At this point, he has to wonder himself. He doesn't answer, watching Castiel until he makes his way over to them carrying a tray with four coffees. His brain cannot help but wonder about the person behind each order.
"Sammy, are you okay? Don't you have class?" God, his brother was such a worrier.
Dean was getting frustrated trying to shove his books into his locker, to busy stealing looks at Castiel to pay attention to what he was doing. Bobby had texted earlier to tell him all the parts for Cas' car had arrived, along with an email telling him the car gift had been shipped.
"It can't be just anything, it has to mean something." with that said Charlie gave him a look that was far too gushy.
Dean, I need to get out of the house, could you help me with that?
"Endgame?" again Dean nodded. "I'd love to, I haven't had the chance to see it yet."
Words that were etched too deep to ever be rid of like: How no son of his could be a fairy, how Winchester men loved women and always did the fucking. When he felt words no longer worked he used his fists.
"Can you look after Henry Saturday night?" Sam nodded not missing the question in his eyes. "I'm taking Cas out."
"GABRIEL!" screamed Cas in a tone so surprising it had Dean fighting a smile.
Time had practically stood still since Cas had been whisked away by Jody into the depths of the police station. Dean was restless, having abandoned the waiting chairs to pace and stare at the non-moving clock above the front desk. Thirty minutes his ass, Cas had been gone for ages.
I've deviated a little from my original plan, Meg will be bringing a little drama.
Taking a steadying breath he walks the short distance until he's standing in front of Cas staring into those unreal blue eyes. "So, um hey," well that was a great start.
"Of course," smiled Sam flashing his amused grin, yep definitely got away with that.
"The film! Dad I'd almost forgot, Inias is coming right?" Inias was Henry's new friend and apparently totally awesome.
"Cas! What are you doing at work?" he looked at Sam his expression matching his own.
"Don't sass me, you're not screwing anything up. There's nothing wrong with taking some time especially with something new but sooner or later you need to make a choice. I wish I could tell you it's going to be easy but I'm not a liar, what I will say is that I believe you and Cas have a shot at something really good."
What the Fuck!
To hide his glee Dean quickly busied himself by ripping some paper into four to write their names on, once folded he placed them into a bowl.
"Cas, what happened?"
"Might as well, trust me you don't want Sammy taking root he'll eat you out of house and home," said Dean in no way to aid himself in getting whatever treats Gabriel had made.
"All week, it's sweet yet equally annoying," sweet? Dean Winchester wasn't sweet, perhaps introducing them to each other was a bad idea, Sam with Charlie was bad enough. "Right, I'll be in the bathroom," announced Sam.
Dean to the rescue.
"I sort of took you at your word, I hope that's okay," Sam had managed to wrap it in a one mega package knowing he wouldn't cope with a one by one reveal.
"Well you're the one who told Henry everyone was connected to them, you weren't lying now were you Cas?" Dean sent a smirk at the gardener.
"I agree, which is why you took the time to get happy or at ease in your own skin before finding anyone. But it's no longer the case is it." God, for someone who hides their heart under a load of false bark, Bobby can be really deep.
"What do you want Meg?" he asked hoping to get attention off him for a moment as he walked back to the counter, stepping behind it he closed the latch to put something between them.
Where the hell was everybody! Wait, Gabriel knew someone was at the door and whoever it was hadn't given up. Cas jumped out of bed, could it possibly be Dean bringing him a gift? The first since the unveiling.
“We just thought that-“
* * *
"You really think so?" asked Cas only to be confronted with Meg's are you serious expression, "I mean sure it tastes good but will Dean think the same,"
"How many gifts are left?" asked Sam flicking through the poetry book.
"Gabriel lives in Topeka and Cas on the outskirts," offered Charlie.
"Hey, I am scary." he protested, or at least he could be when it mattered. "We're gonna start over there." Dean pointed at the little bookshop the decision made had him feeling positive.
* * *
one fluff heavy chapter.
"Yeah, I had fun when was the last time you came here?" asked Cas remembering what Dean had said at breakfast.
Sam had told him his favorite artist would be there too, so what if Dean might have brought a comic along for her to sign. Hopefully, he had enough cash to buy an original but who knows how much that would cost.
"Probably, close your eyes I'll stay with you," Cas smiled at him with what looked like affection, no doubt that stupid half a pill was making him see things too.
It would help if Sam was more growly or something, sure his giant of a brother was intimidating at first glance but it took people less than a minute in his company to realize he was a care bear with muscles, but he was all Dean had at hand.
Sorry it's been so long guys or more I'm sorry I said it would be sooner. All the comments from chapter 9 did get me writing but I soon decided I hated it and then summer happened which meant work became non-stop.
During this whole process, Dean had been teased over his love of pie being the sole reason old his jeans were too tight. Those jeans were currently sculpted to Cas' legs, the first sight of Cas in his clothes had done things to him. His stomach had felt this sort of swoopy feeling and he spent his whole shower doing his best to ignore his dick.
"Okay, well call me if you need to talk later. I think Sam will be ready soon enough." Cas smiled moving quickly to place a kiss against his cheek, causing Dean's body to react in a way he didn't know possible.
Thanks, Cas, um why do you have so much food?" Henry takes a bite his eyes going wide presumably at how good it is. "Daddy, try one, you must." Cas laughs at Henry's imploring tone.
The sounds he made were so beautiful as if overcome.
* * *
"Uncle Sammy!" he squealed attacking the giant, thankfully Sam was still able to catch him, for the moment.
Grabbing his phone from the bedside table he was shocked to find it past eleven while at the same time noticing he had a text from Gabriel. It was always a roll of the dice whether it would be useful of just another meme.
"A guilty one along with the one that makes me think someone kicked your puppy, you know the one you don't have." Maybe he should discuss things, he really doesn't give Gabriel enough credit, with important things he's not half bad.
When Dean finally pulled in to the Roadhouse, he was surprised to find Cas outside standing against his own car. Grabbing his cell and wallet he got out making his way over to the other man.
"Nah, he's out like a light, Bobby and Ellen went a little mad with the food." Sam smiles wishing he'd been there, working back to back cases was making him bad company. Today he'd just gone for a drive before seeing Gabriel.
"Oh, it's alright someone's sending me gifts, it's perfectly fine," answered Cas misunderstanding Dean's alarm.
"He doesn't know?" asked Sam finally stopping on Gabriel.
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but I didn't have you down a plant person." Cas smiled.
Following his nose to the welcome scent of coffee where he noticed a filled yet untouched cup no doubt belonging to Gabriel. Knowing Cas wouldn't mind and hoping Gabriel would be the same Dean helped himself before taking a seat at the massive table while soaking in his surroundings.
"Hey, do you know where I can get a soft toy gnome?" at first Cas thought he'd misheard until he remembered Dean's reluctance to go near the gnomes at Hive.
"Zone D," said Charlie helpfully.
For no other reason to check out this girl, because Dean likes pretty girls. Ask anyone.
"How wonderful, just head through the shop they're all outside." Dean smiles before following the instructions, walking past even more paraphernalia and weirdly a table full with jars of honey. Finding the doors already open, he heads out into a courtyard filled with colour coded plants all lined up ready for perusal. Towards the back, he can see bigger items: trellises, huge planting pots and bags of gravel.
Feeling too eager to be gentle he rips open the paper, his love of books forever growing. Placing each book down on the table Cas regarded them closely, there were three in total and luckily he hadn't read a single one of them.
"What are you doing?" he asked feeling more than a little confused.
on his lips. Dean decided to interrupt.
He really should have never introduced her and Sam.
"That better not be a euphemism!" warned Dean.
"Dean, you really need to treat that as a blessing," joked Cas as Dean weighed their plates down with bacon, mushrooms and fried bread while the eggs cooked he poured two glasses of orange juice setting them down on the counter, "Dean this looks so good, you sure you're stomach can handle it?" Cas teased as Dean brought over the pan holding four perfectly cooked eggs.
"Dad, that's not my code name," he whined making them both smile. They were always changing, last week it was Red Eagle. Dean decided to go with the direct approach.
"I do want to go out with you, only I came here to tell you some stuff."
"I'd feel crushed,"
"Cas, this is a complete setup! Ah you know because of the mistletoe,"
"Maybe, I'll have to check with him first. So don't get your hopes up," warns Dean and just like that he has Henry's full attention.
Dean who was still staring at Cas saw him mouth silently "Wait for it,"
"Paranoia,"
"Why? They won't let you leave earlier, I could have given you a ride," suggested Gabriel causing Cas to laugh.
"Hey Henry, your Dad had a great idea for your birthday last night." Henry who up until this point had been occupied by his bowl of cheerios, snapped to attention his eyes focusing on his Dad.
"I think that can be arranged, I've got a good feeling about you two," Dean smiled feeling the same, "How are you two sending tomorrow?" it was Christmas Eve.
"With Gabriel?" asked Dean.
"That depends are you going to set things right with Castiel." that was it from this moment on Dean no longer had a best friend or brother.
"I've got you covered," Dean followed him wishing they could start now so Cas could stay. Only worked loomed over the horizon, adulting sucked. Opening the door Cas quickly turned to face him.
Quickly Dean brought his brain to a halt, he was getting too far ahead of himself. Hell, he didn't even know where Cas called home, likely it was the other side of the country. Surely a real successful author wouldn't be holed up in Kansas.
It wasn't the kiss messing him up exactly having wanted it for probably longer than he'd care to admit. More he was troubled by his own history and feelings of not being good enough for Cas.
"How long have you been stood there?" asked Dean, his eyes going to Gabriel.
Yeah, she'd heard it all.
All Dean wanted was a nice man to love him.
"You're being weird," commented Dean.
"What the hell does that mean?"
Deciding it couldn't hurt Cas made his way to the coffee, Cas loved his black and rich it was the only thing that made getting up bearable. Stopping in front of the roast beans he scanned the items, a flash of yellow caught his eye.
"Sammy, there you are!" turning around Sam was confronted by a full trolley that had been pretty empty moments ago and Gabriel swathed in a load of tinsel, gone were the colors of his childhood - green, red, silver and gold - now it seemed tinsel was every color ever made even an unfortunate orange tone.
"Okay, Daddy, so is Cas coming?" asked Henry, leaving Dean confused and Sam doing his best to keep his laughing to a minimum.
Suddenly a thought occurred and Dean blurted, "Oh! Maybe she was there," fuck, had Meg witnessed Cas receiving the chocolate bars, was this behind her sudden interest.
"Gabriel that's not helping," luckily for Sam Gabriel was nice enough to click his fingers dousing Sam in the grace equivalent of a cold shower.
“I was working last night, oh that night why did you stop by? We all thought you’d come to spy,”
"So what now?"
"Um, I learned a lot researching for your present and thought this would show you what I'm interested in." shrugged Sam feeling at war a little with his desires and fears. Buying everything currently on the bed was to show Gabriel he was ready to have the sex he wanted for himself, he was still nervous though.
"The health nut?" Dean's attention moves from Cas to Sam since his brother seems to be choking on his water. "Sammy, are you sure that's water?" he jokes watching his brother recover.
"Of course, I'm not that generous. But I might allow a discount." Cas winked making Dean unable to speak his protests since it did funny things his brain.
* * *
"I don't understand," responds Dean.
"No, I'm gay Henry, do you know what that means?"
Dean poured himself more coffee commenting "I'm really glad you made it Cas, Sam said you weren't sure earlier," hopefully Cas didn't think he was speaking weirdly, was this for the best? He thought so knowing all the glances from the others would make him more nervous.
Smirking Gabriel continued "Well you know what they say honey makes a better trap than vinegar," throwing a wink at his boyfriend had him laughing.
Cas beamed at him, "Dean, that's great, um can I ask you something?" Dean nodded, "When did you realize you liked me?"
"We actually paint each other's nails." deadpanned Cas.
His mind went spiralling back to the time after the barbecue, how he’d touched his silk covered cock to thoughts of Cas.
"Is Charlie here today in an official capacity?" asked Sam looking around at the vast conference rooms of the Hotel.
“Haven't you heard, I’m cool,” Jo typically, responds with a rude hand gesture since Henry won’t see.
"That wasn't a good thing?" guessed Dean.
"I don't know, I only figured out how I was feeling today and..." Dean can't help how his eyes flicker to John making it obvious whose reaction he was really worried about.
"You will pay for this,"
"Charlie, can you talk? You won't believe what just happened." Dean leans on his car once the hood is down not willing to injure himself again.
"Then you should go for it, I haven't met the guy hell I've got second and third-hand information from two gossips but I think this could be good for you." Bobby gives him a smile finally taking a slice for himself.
They got out of the car Dean moving quick enough before Henry - who looked so cute with his little lego backpack holding all his pictures - could scamper off without a thought. Coming through the automatic doors they spot Kevin busy at the cash register with Hael, who on seeing them points to a door marked office.
“He didn’t,” whispered Sam “but Dean and I want to be different so we thought you could help us have our first Christmas together,”
"So are we ready to shop!" Charlie screeches jumping up from her chair, moving quickly he pulls her back down.
Dean was currently eating lunch in the break room, too busy enjoying his leftover lasagne to hear the reception door open along with its usual alerting buzz. Benny soon got his attention along with his blood boiling.
"Dean you called me, so spill mine can wait." using his brother's life as a distraction was probably going to get him on the faster train to hell, but he needs some kind of distraction.
“No, I think Cas spoke to Gabriel though,” commented Sam without looking remotely annoyed by being left out of the loop.
"Are you using this to work?" asked Cas the information dropping into place.
Gabriel was eating salad, Gabriel was eating salad.
"I'm Jesse," he introduced hold his hand out for Dean to take while gestering behind him, "And this is my husband Cesar."
Noticing that Sam and Gabriel had departed too Dean attempted a pep talk. He could totally do this while being his usual charming self, the ladies loved him after all. For whatever reason, though he found guys harder, he stumbled and got all flustered so he didn't tend to bother as much.
"Smiling Dean gets up, "Of course my Queen," he answers throwing in a little bow. Dean loves how goofy he can be with Charlie without any of that dudebro shit.
"Really?" Dean nodded knowing it was the right decision when Sam pulled him into a hug.
"Okay I guess it could be pretty cool and I'll get to tease Sammy, um would working together stop us from um..."
"Not urgently." Cas smiled, Dean found himself returning it until Cas' as yet unidentified person came over.
Grabbing some books out his locker for his first couple of classes, Cas was riding high having already enjoyed a successful study session in the library. He'd sacrificed a lie in to catch a ride with Balthazar who had a dress fitting for the school play.
To make things worse, Sam knew everything. He and Henry were like two peas in a pod, always conspiring against him. His little brother was so happy to learn of Dean scoring a number, learning it belonged to a guy didn't seem to discourage said enthusiasm. Leaving Dean positively horrified: he was taking a break from dating not changing teams.
"I'm making no promises,"
Heading to his usual table he was glad to see Sam and Gabriel already there and to a lesser (bigger) extent Balthazar. He wasn't overly impressed with the guy, he was British (which had most fawning over his accent) and talked funny.
"Dean, are you okay?" asks Cas pulling him away from the traffic of the shop, he was literally moments away from pushing past Cas and running home, only that voice has him spilling his secrets.
"I've been holed up finishing my book, earlier at my stand I had a sign, luckily I have very considerate fans plus I've been off social media, to be honest, my biggest worry was Gabriel."
"Plus, it's a weekend thing, John and Mary aren't back til Sunday night so we'll need the sustenance," added Kevin.
Dean nods his head in acknowledgment holding his hand up to signal five minutes before walking over to Cas whose sneaking a quick glance at his phone. "Do you need to go?" coming up behind the gardener only to make him jump. "Oops, sorry Cas."
* * *
Winking Sam finally got up bringing all that glorious sun-kissed skin into the light, he was so fucking beautiful. "See something you like?"
"Well that's definitely an idea." agrees Dean.
With Sam's help, the garden had already been removed of all weeds and was ready for its new burst of life.
Satisfied in justifying his really very minor spill, Gabriel looked up at Sam, "Please don't social media any of that, I'll catch you later." Gabriel added before hopefully walking off in a cool demure way.
"No, Dean we're all good for Saturday I just wanted to know if Henry had a favorite candy. I've got him a present but everyone should get candy on their birthday." Dean sat back down immediately warmed that Cas was so thoughtful, not content with helping out with the garden practically for free he was getting the kid a gift.
"Uh, Cas." shouts the man as Dean readies himself to walk away when a voice stops him.
"He's pretty growly right now," Gabriel rolled his eyes, "Hasn't been able to do anything all afternoon," God newbies!
"Great, be sure to introduce yourselves to Kevin too, he'll be helping out in the office." he points him out just as Gadreel had done. "Also there's going to be a taste test later, Cas brought along his own burgers."
That may be true, but when that big brother was Gabriel, Dean thought extra was a good thing.
Cas receives his first gift.
"You got me fucking fired!" he shouted followed by a crash, "Couldn't handle a little flirting so you cried harassment, yet you let Michael do as he pleased."  the familiar curl of curiosity flared under Dean's skin, who was Michael? Doing the equivalent of putting his foot down Dean shook himself, now really wasn't the time.
"Dessert?" asked the waitress, Cas shook his head a cute happy smile plastered over his face. The pictures had been a great hit and Cas seemed excited to learn about everyone (Dean really hoped so anyway). Dean got up returning to his original seat ignoring how cold his body felt away from Cas.
"Kids,"
"He just stood there so I ran away."
"Um I'm good I just need to get something online. Actually, you could do something for me." tried Dean never having felt so awkward before, he and his Dad got on so well talking about cars or football why should this be any different. His Dad actually liked Cas because he was a lot different than some of Dean's other friends.
He loved that smile and needed the chance to see it again. He made it to Hive in record time, after tonight he was going to reprimand Cas hard about working so late.
"My Grandad, Gabriel and I were living with him as teenagers." Cas stopped as if expecting Dean to launch in a load of questions, sensing Cas was uncomfortable he gestured for to keep going. "I was in a bad place, anyway he had this huge garden out the back and I used to sit out there and watch the bees." now that was something Dean couldn't let slip by.
Figures.
"Fine, it's a new guy at my building we've been hanging out and he's just lovely. God, Gabriel the way he blushes, he does it so prettily." Gabriel holds up his hand in a stopping gesture.
"You wish, Darling," teased Bal, Cas was trying to figure how to straighten (haha) out this whole saga when Gabriel clapped his hands together.
"I do like a home cooked meal," replied Dean, feeling pleased with himself.
"That's okay, we lost him two years ago. It's good to remember him, just sad." Dean could see how bad the loss had been, Cas looked sad, the sparkle gone from his eyes. Dean wanted to cheer him up, but how? Like a gift, Dean had an idea.
"The guy's hot as hell but my charm was wasted, all he ever spoke about was you," Dean lifts his eyebrows at that statement wondering if it's true.
Heading through it they find a small corridor with doors on either side and one in front of them. Dean steers Henry forward until they're close enough to open it, inside they find a large staff room with comfy chairs and some staff. But no Cas that they can see.
“I was looking at Schools for engineering,” stated Dean talking mostly to the worktop, Charlie and Sam were the first to break out the encouragements.
Thank you for reading. Here's chapter 2.
"Yeah, I found these videos on Youtube about having the perfect Christmas I thought we could watch them," Dean looked at Sam dumbfounded but his Brother had already engaged the puppy eyes.
"Dude, that's great. No pressure or anything, you can stay as long as you like."
"Gabe, Twister isn't a team game," commented Cas much to Gabriel's annoyance.
"Is that bad?" asked Dean breathlessly, a feeling self consciousness beginning to settle.
"Yes, too much in fact," replied Sam looking amused as Henry began flipping pages.
"He's not hard work Gabriel, he's lovely. Don't talk about him like that." Dean was special, hell he made the time to befriend Cas.
"Yeah, maybe." he thought about it as they left, sleepovers were kind of there thing spent either gaming, marathoning films or binging the latest Netflix show. Mostly they always took place at the Winchesters due to Mary's homebaked goods, sure Sam had extended the invitation but what if he wasn't wanted by everyone.
"Henry, it's a surprise,"
"Find one you like?" he asks watching his son turn around, smiling massively. Dean crouches down so they can talk more easily. "I take it you had a good day".
"I think you got the point across," replied Cas his voice stern.
"Actually Sam, since Alfie and Benny are having their date we postponed until tomorrow." informed Cas.
"Can you do mine?" It was something Dean had gotten better at over time, but he still hated it choosing to put it off until Charlie glared at him.
"We're at Hive, the place is awesome." Sam's reply had Dean closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose. Of all the places they could be, especially with what the city had to offer they chose to go there?
"I told him that!" implored Dean, "He keeps asking."
"Gabriel got us here to our Grandfather's, I didn't really have any memories of him. He and our Mom had a huge falling out when I was little, it was about our Dad. I was so scared Dean, and we were so lucky to find him."
"Cassie, what has your panties in a bunch?"
Dean had his close at hand passing the heavy parcel to Cas who looked far too happy to
Strictly speaking, they were waiting on Cas, this had nothing to do with why Dean was strategically in the kitchen so what if it was closer to the front door (doubtful that Cas would come through to the back first) he had actual things to check on. The sound of the bell had nervousness shooting up his spine. Would Cas like his friends? Would Charlie chase him away with over-friendliness? He was over thinking this too much but he couldn't help himself.
"Yeah" running a hand over his face Dean founding himself asking another question entirely. "Hey, do you like burgers?"
"Beautiful? Don't be stupid Cas." that had been the wrong thing to say because suddenly Cas was stood in front on him pulling him up.
Thinking hard through the haze, Dean remembered, "Sammy, I'm not scared anymore," Sam opened his eyes now looking surprised.
“It was left for someone to give it to Cas at lunchtime only this person thought better of it and luckily Dean intervened before it was opened.”
"That's it!" cried Dean, what about the third degree or whatever.
Dean hastened his steps, Cas fighting to keep up, "Can I help you gentleman?" asked Dean his eyes alight with suspicion.
"Well you must have made a quick impression, just talk to him Dean, bring him tonight." after waving at Cas she sauntered off.
Dean hits a little bump
"Oh, Dean, why are you knocking?" shrugging his shoulders Dean went through the door to find Baby's hood up. "She's fine Son." reassured his Dad, Dean nodded knowing that sometimes his Dad missed her, it was something they both shared.
On the nights he'd spent with women to make his father proud, he'd felt nothing. When times were really bad, he would slip away to a bar for liaisons of a different kind. Encounters that ended with him on his knees, humiliated, hard and wanting from men who didn't reciprocate. It always led him back to John's rhetoric that his desires were disgusting.
The guy sure hadn't been lying, it needed a ton of work. Normally information like this would have Dean rubbing his hands at the prospect of being paid to basically have fun.
"He's not mine and he's worth more than being a rebound for you." Dean equally corrects and scolds as Benny holds his hands up in a placating gesture. He's fooling no one and Dean promises to keep an eye on him throughout the day.
"Don't you worry Kiddo, I have a feeling we'll see each other again soon, I gotta go help Cassie prepare for his book reveal anyways," he finished watching Sam's eyes go wide.
Even Dean could see how beautiful it was, so to someone like Cas whose thoughts went far beyond Dean's own musings on flowers (pretty, move on) he couldn't comprehend what it looked like to the other man.
"You could never bore me Dean." well alright then. "If you do need help though, one of my employees could help out, he's saving up before he goes to college, I could give him your number if you're interested."
"Why do you sound all down? asked Dean noticing Sam had popped up again, "What now Sam? We were talking." God his brother was so over-protective.
"Tip of the iceberg Cas, he got four: one for Sam, my office, Charlie and the break room."
"You can have these anytime you want, I need to have my fill, Dean! They're fucking delicious," whines Cas. He doesn't need to see the blush to know its there, what the hell was he meant to say to that?
Sam is really sad, getting eaten up inside by his own inaction. He thinks his brother falls too easily but Sam swore it was real and he'd let it slip through his fingers.
Pulling it off had been a truly proud moment, take that Cassie, he could totally keep secrets. God, this must be how spies feel or the entire Star Wars cast.
"I'm Sam, this is my brother Dean. I only asked because..."
Fuck, did someone steal into his dreams and make off with the blueprints to his perfect man?
Besides he had a nice table and a big comfy chair when his desk became too restricting. Even Henry preferred to color in the break room when he was here, mainly because he loved the attention from the work crew. He had them wrapped around his little finger.
Earthy? Finding the thought more than a little alluring, Dean thought about it some more wondering if Cas used cologne. Perhaps something citrusy? Something that would go well with the scent of earth.
"You guys getting a dog?" asked Henry popping his head out of the kitchen.
"Sorry man, Charlie needs to adapt her volume," joked Kevin coming in after her.
Glancing quickly at Sam his brother offered a wane smiled, Dean found it settling his frayed nerves. "He's talking with Jody for a bit."
Surging forward he grabs the guy by his shoulder yanking him away, he's not careful about the amount of force he uses. Rather enjoying the hiss of surprise and pain, for whatever reason Dean wasn't expecting to find an older, overweight balding man.
"But I'll have to go home and change."
"Ah should be okay, what's happening?"
"It's just Cas is too nice to tell you to leave, he's already wrapped around Henry's finger. I'm sure he's busy but no doubt has spent time with you guys."
"Dean, you've been there almost a month now, I know this is hard for you but you can do it." Sam always had such faith in him, currently in his third year of college; Dean couldn't wait for him to come home.
"I've no doubt about that." he said only Dean had a feeling he was missing something.
* * *
Dropping his backpack and hanging his jacket Dean heads for the kitchen ready to eat his emotions in apple pie.
"Look, Dean I won't lie, the kid is a walking target and he may well have been if not for two reasons. The first being Gabriel, his pranks are legendary, imagine if he was after revenge." Dean really doesn't want to imagine that.
"Dude, what the hell is that?" Sam was always telling him off for eating too much of the delicious dessert.
"Did you get one for me?" he asked never one to turn down free food.
Even more impressive Dean had reached out to him, whether an attempt to conquer his shyness Cas didn't know. The invitation had been a welcome surprise after their chat. Cas definitely wanted something to happen between them, earlier it had been hard to keep his hands to himself.
"I can't," Gabriel winked at him letting him know it was okay.
"Henry I have to go to work, it should only take an hour or so." Dean grabs his leather jacket off the couch, muttering quietly about his customers. Sam taking interest in Henry's reaction sees his face change from disapointment to excitement. Meaning his nephew is up to something.
The sound of the cafeteria came back louder than before, leaving Dean dreading his afternoon classes.
* * *
"Is he likely to come down?" asked Dean not really listening as he was already sure of the answer. Woah, did Cas say he could take the pie? Dean tried his best not to look happy but free pie had that effect, also it made him really tactile because he was hugging Cas, again.
No, no, to cover he grabs the trays and glasses, "Cas, we fell asleep." he tells him praying Cas wasn't fake waking so he didn't have to deal with clingy Dean.
"But I didn't ask."
Walking toward English class Sam gasped at the sudden hand around his wrist, strong and firm it quickly pulled him in a different direction. Seeing it was Gabriel, he didn't protest though he had wanted to avoid him longer than thirty minutes.
What the hell?
"You know what they say, Sammy, three times a charm. Besides we have to go for like America's ass."
"Benny huh, that sounds familiar, oh, is that the guy Cas tells me is always so charming?" if Dean was fishing so could Gabriel, no-one kisses his brother and gets away with radio silence.
"Oh man, this is awesome. Thanks, Cas, I haven't been in ages." not since before Henry he remembered, life had gotten too busy but maybe this could become a tradition and a way to educate Henry on proper cars.
"Out for more candy?" damn he should've paid more attention to the little rascal if that was the case, he was almost out of pie.
Also, he's not interested in fact, he can't remember the last time he was. Truly. The connection has been missing lately, even for a casual hook up. He didn't really like to dwell on it, but it was getting harder to ignore. Or harder to dodge Sam's questioning looks when he stayed in. Sam was very much a talking person, Dean struggled with expressing himself (he wanted to change that, to show Henry to be open) though for this particular situation he didn't have any answers. He had no reason for his lack of interest.
"So tough morning?" Cas asks taking the slice of blueberry after Dean took the pecan, because duh.
"Oh, um, no, I mean I would want that," Dean replied sounding ridiculous, "But only if you do, it's okay if you don't, you shouldn't have to feel ready because I am," added Dean unable to think of a time he'd stammered more.
More importantly did he want to lose his pants?
Sorry for the wait, I might add a timestamp at some point. Stay Safe.
Gabriel got out of bed knowing lying there any longer when Sam was getting all soapy wasn't going to help. Mentally telling his dick to calm down he pulled on his sleep pants and an old t-shirt before running downstairs in search of Cas, finding in the utility room.
"No, because he's terrifying, some of his mail was in my box." God, he was so pathetic, so much for his new start. Dean moved away from the window to stretch out on the couch. Preparing himself for some rallying words from Sam.
Sam self-confessed subscriber to the war on sugar was allowing Henry to indulge and not just here but later too. Not only that but he had avoided what possibly could have turned into a full-blown tantrum. Henry wasn't really given to such flights but he was still a child.
"Yeah, Benny I need a favor."
A week later had confirmed that Gabriel was the King of Pie, he and Henry had devoured the caramel pecan and he'd only just managed to save the last slice of the marzipan one to share, his team were absolute vultures. Luckily the third was safe in the freezer and he was planning to take Henry to the bakery at the weekend, the kid had been begging him.
"Yeah besides we've all eaten too much to be bending weirdly," added Sam though Gabriel was not one to be easily swayed.
"No!" protests Dean.
"Cas you really didn't have to do that." he protested knowing it was futile.
"It should be," spoke Sam.
Popping up as if from nowhere Sam was peering over his seat looking apologetically at Cas, "I'm sorry Castiel, I think he took something for the flight, to uh help him relax."
"Bal, what did you do?" screamed Cas.
The room seems so much smaller now considering how much time he spent here. A feeling of what he guesses is pride settles in his stomach, because he's finally doing it, living as he wanted and it's actually working. The only major roadblock is his massive crush on Cas.
"Hey! You don't even give me the good biscuits." he reprimands, God he isn't that bad.
"Look at them change," gushed Gabriel.
Once a slice was set in front of him, Dean looked at it in reverence for it was pie made by Cas for him. He hoped it wouldn't be the last either.
"No, I'm sorry it's not been the best of days. I thought coming here might help." he offered, hoping Cas would stay.
"How dare you bring up a ladies age!" once again Cas rolled his eyes, already regretting his decision to share.
"I still can't believe he's dating Gabriel, the kid's a puppy." joked Meg.
Once everything had been selected Cas rang up their purchases, "Gabe, please don't eat all these." he warned.
"Then it's about time you do something before that turns into a reality."
"You need to stop talking and leave, the cops are coming." Dean flexed his stern voice hoping the cops would bust through the door already.
"And Dean?" Sam wasn't sure he understood feeling to dazed to keep up. "Is that mean big brother making you keep secrets from me, Baby?"
"Say, I'm heading to the Cinema with Charlie tonight and since I think Sam is doing something with Gabriel maybe you could join us?" asked Dean feeling hopeful, "The film's three hours though," added Dean knowing it could put someone off.
"So when are we doing gifts?" asked Dean
"And Dean the kitchen," suggested Gabriel following his brother's logic.
Gabriel, ever fearless ripped off the paper off, sounding louder than it had any right to be. All it revealed was a white box, keeping it turned toward himself and Sam he opened it, Dean bracing himself for a bang or something to come shooting out.
STAR WARS: The Rise of Skywalker
"Dean, take a breath." Dean did as instructed, surprised at how good it felt, "Okay continue when you're ready."
"You're terrible at this, Uncle Sam!" moaned Henry making Gabriel laugh.
"No, Michael was ever only a gentleman. You've been harassing me for weeks!" screamed Cas while his voice was laced with fear.
“They’re not my friends, they never were,” claimed Meg “So are you going to let me in or what?” Cas tried to stop the smile from forming, Meg had always been snarky it was nice to know not everything had changed.
Oh God, they were leaving!
"Do you think Ruby would let us?" asked Cas choosing to ignore Gabriel.
Dean feeling less like himself and Sam meets Cas.
"Dean! What are you doing here?" demands Cas.
"Oh, yes of course, sorry," he said breathily as he began to walk, to Dean it felt like a revelation that Cas could be so trusting so soon, he was in awe. They cleared through the gate quickly, Dean directing him toward the steps but no further.
Once calmer Cas replied, "Not if you need to be taken care of, let's move this to the sunroom, can I get you something to drink?"
It's proof he hasn't been left, his Daddy wouldn't leave Sammy. No way.
"I fucked everything up with Cas," said Dean woefully.
"You should go for it, choose the college that speaks to you," chipped in Benny, while attempting to load his pizza one-handed, his other firmly wrapped around Alfie.
"True, though maybe we could watch something at mine on Netflix something new to both of us. I'd hate for you to be sitting next to me wishing you didn't have to watch the same thing again." Dean put his fork down (basically unheard of) to rub his neck, for a second Dean thought Cas had been suggesting a Netflix and Chill date. Though truthfully Cas probably didn't know what that entailed.
polite.
"Happiness isn't always being with someone," he says finally.
"I'm back!" Cas jumped his knees colliding painfully with the desk, "Oops, sorry Bro."
Removing the ribbon he rolled the paper out, eyes scanning over it and instantly spotting his name. It was a certificate bearing the holder, him for his appreciation of bees the bottom was signed along with a cute golden bee wax stamp.
"So tell me about the stud muffin."
"What don't I know?" asked Cas with no answer he turned to Sam, "Sam what don't I know about my own brother?"
Okay, he needed a plan, or battle stations, something! He couldn't call for advice so the only option was to get up and hope Cas didn't wake. Taking a breath he pulled himself away from the delicious scent (what the hell product was he using, the guy smelled like a fucking cookie) thinking he'd gotten away with it.
Cas smiled, "I do want to be with you Dean, I have for a long time now,"
"Play Mario Kart like normal and don't worry about staring at Cas, that's normal too."
"Honestly Dean, didn't you tell him?" screamed Gabriel
Days later Dean was doing his best not to run into Cas, he'd managed by working extra and even helping out at The Roadhouse. More than Cas playing on his mind was what Sam had told him about his own heartbreak.
Questions and nothing but practically summed up the last forty-five minutes of Cas' life, it was all: Are you okay? (Dean) Tell us what happened? How do you know the perpetrator? (police). He could tell Dean wanted answers, his constant glances were hardly subtle.
"Well I'll check things out," and oh shit, "Crap, I forgot to call him about a plant Henry was going on about." Dean grabbed the house phone ready to dial the number.
"Hello Dean." greets Castiel in that perfect deep voice, eyes glancing at Sam before moving back to him. One look is all it takes, for Dean to lose motor function those blue eyes gluing him to his chair, their like his own kryptonite.
“Sam or Ellen?”
* * *
Gabriel rolled his eyes, "Cassie, I'm not risking Sam's heart on 101 steps for an Angel/Human relationship, I want to add some flare." especially when he could feel Sam was hiding some part of himself he thought was wrong.
Finally, he hears Dean coming down the stairs, from Dean's expression it's obvious their grouping is about to lose a third.
Whatever was happening he felt too old for. He was too much John Winchester' son for this. His son in a way that Sam never was.
"I'm going to be nice and not gloat too much when I win."
Cas caught sight of Cesar who rolls his eyes fondly at their posturing causing Cas to hide his amusement behind his hand.
"Sammy, my hero." Dean and Cas broke into loud laughter as Charlie made her way into the kitchen.
"Rebound or not I'll treat him good." Dean knows he would, Benny is a good guy but the thought of him and Cas rubs him the wrong way.
"But he knows we're coming right?" he did, after many failed attempts and rehearsed sentences, Dean had bit the bullet by sending a text. The reply had told him to come for the afternoon, Dean had hoped his confusion or whatever would have surrendered by now. Worse still was Cas didn't have any knowledge (obviously) of any of this. Could Cas be worried? Or laying blame at his own feet for Dean's silence, was it making his anxiety flare up?
Holy shit, Cas liked him!
"Yeah, he used to do the deliveries before he got promoted, Cas had a little crush on him and I guess Zachariah though of him as fair game."
"Oh God, you have that look."
"Maybe," replied Gabriel playing coy only for Sam to raise his eyebrow, "Fine but I have a plan, say could you hide this in your closet?"
"Would you like a muffin, Cas? I baked them, Daddy helped a little."
Cas often felt in awe of Dean and Sam's relationship even with Gabriel laying on his own protective streak it felt different, mostly becuase more often than not he felt he was looking after Gabriel.
"But that didn't happen?"
* * *
"Moose, is it really you?" Dean watched gobsmacked as Sam surged forward pulling Gabriel into his arms, what the hell was going on!
* * *
"Effortless, and we're such polar opposites, he was tiny and loved sugar." Sam rubs his eyes wanting to keep the tears at bay at least until he's off the phone. "He would pull me into his chest and wrap his arms around me, normally my partners don't think to do that."
The next morning was surprisingly a relaxed affair, no-one was rushing around late for school or work. It was perfect until (in Dean's opinion) Sam decided to open his mouth.
The next ten minutes were spent listening to his brother Gabriel wax lyrical about his latest stud muffin he'd met while in California finishing the interior of their latest sale. Hopefully, Gabriel had been able to restrain himself from going too over the top, the purchasing family, were so lovely and Cas really hoped they loved their new home.
“We should have thought more about how you grew up,” answered Cas before continuing
The sight of it had been heartbreaking, making Dean want to punch his hand through Baby's window. It was a feeling he never wanted to experience again, Baby was faultless as always. But the sight of those tears had him hot and pissed.
"Is that so?" Gabriel nodded wondering if Sam ever wanted to take his Dom shoes for a spin, where did he get that look from anyway? Gabriel fought hard (haha) to shake off the sexy shiver he was feeling. "You sure this isn't your way to a salted caramel chocolate peanut cupcake?"
center
"You mean you don't want to have sex?" asked Sam.
"Egg, I know you're excited to see your Dad and Cas but police stations are serious places, okay?" he knew that Jody often told him as much, but surely Daddy and Cas weren't in trouble.
"Fine, we'll go," acquiesced Dean turning to head off when a thought occured to him, "Say Charlie, do you know what's on offer for Lunch?" he asked ignoring Sam's scoff.
"Yes, yes, please Dad call him before he's too busy. Please," begged Henry. "Right I'm going to get my stuff," he announced before racing out of the room as is he was being chased.
"Oh you know around." he gestured wildly with his free hand, Dean looked up at his brother something was off. He was being all cagey, and oh my God was he blushing?
"Good maybe he'll stop with the far away looks and talking about her." he supposes gladly taking the beer Gadreel hands him.
"We made them, I wanted to practice,"
His one good fortune, there was no sign of the stupidly named Brit. What he had noticed though was the table was in absolute silence, hopefully, Charlie wasn't being too weird by staring at Cas or something.
Dean gave that some thought and truthfully no-one had, in fact, all he could remember were over the top encouraging looks and Benny's attempts at jealousy and top of the list were Cas' small cute smiles.
Dean wanted out of the mayhem meaning it was time to wrangle his angel.
"Whoa Dean, is that your next car to fix up?" asked Sam taking a closer look through the pictures.
Sighing Dean squared his eyes at Charlie, "Hey, did you bring my book back?" he asked.
None of this was real, it was like walking through a dream or fairytale. Gabriel had always been good at those coming up with exciting stories before bed, occasionally they featured boy being saved by a dashing knight. It was never spoken about outside of those times, it didn't need to be.
Okay now, what? As mentioned Dean isn't one for waiting, normally he'd just shove his hands down his pants until the desired effect was achieved. That wasn't going slow and if he wanted to know if this was his bag he needed to at least incorporate the panties.
"Sam was right earlier, Henry really is impressed with you. You're like his new hero, and you're real so it's an improvement." was that rambling, Dean had no idea what he was doing. "Can we just sit here for a bit?"
"Hells yeah, I'm hungry and Gilda's away with her parents so I'm comfort eating." Cas gives a smile hoping the sleepover will be enough of a distraction. "Plus Dean likes to eat and Sam is just getting bigger. They've all got that fast metabolism bullshit." he smiled at her both of them reaching the counter where Kevin had lined up a few bottles of soda.
"I know that's why I offered to do it!"
Reaching the outside of the office, Deans comes to a standstill trying his best to get a visual, needing to know who was where to be any kind of help. Bursting through the door may put Cas in a riskier position, he stood as the guy started running his mouth.
"Gabriel! I can't do that."
God, it felt good. The panties were tight making the friction so much better. Dean was so hard that the panties were getting wet. Letting his mind wander Dean found himself back to the day of gardening, his cock jerks at the memory of all that golden sun-kissed skin and how good it would feel to touch it.
Dean and Sam were happily ensconced in the TV room, cold beers close to hand and a bowl of chips on the table watching The Haunting of Hill House, when the door burst open scaring both brothers, Sam lost control of the chips while Dean dropped his beer directly on his toe.
Henry was unable to shut up about the whole day, literally telling everyone about Cas and his plant project. Dean didn't want to discourage his son, he was happy Henry had a love of learning and school. But whenever Cas' name was mentioned all Dean could think about or see were those incredible blue eyes.
"Can we make cupcakes with cacti on top?" asked Henry looking hopeful.
"Really?"
Also in my plan this chapter was never meant to be, chapter 10 was meant to be Dean and Cas' opposite of chapter 5 in Sam story. So that is why Gabriel isn't here.
Panel now in session, only ticketed attendees allowed entry.
"Wow, Gabe did you leave anything for someone else? Asked Sam casting his eyes over the loot, weirdly he noticed a small paper bag with the shop's logo, had Gabriel already purchased something?
"Damn straight, brother," seconded Benny.
Dean takes Cas for a burger, it's not a date it's business.
He saw multiple stalls with pop figures and Cosplayers everywhere, to his left was Jon Snow with Hermione Granger, Venom with Wonder Woman and multiple different Doctor Whos.
"Dean, please tell that's still your second beer? asked Sam alarmingly as he returned to the lounge.
"Thank you, Sam," Gabriel had it open before Sat made it back to his seat, "Ooh fancy chocolates, I feel positively wooed." gushed Gabriel already opening the box.
"Bro, it's December."
Dean nodded feeling too excited to use words and Cas graced them to his bedroom.
"Can I give you a hug, Cher?" asked Benny moving closer to Alfie.
He suddenly felt fear that had nothing to do with being thousands of miles in the air and more about making a fool of himself. Shit, he had just taken half the pill Ash have given him, it was supposedly Valium but it who knew where Ash had gotten it from.
"No, Dean you're being so creative, but um maybe you could keep it away from school though,"
"I don't think you should open that," he said pointing to Cas' hands.
"Dean, is that true?" well shit, Dean had the distinct impression he'd been played.
"I'm sorry it took me so long, Cas."
"Good Morning Hive Gardens." the voice that greeted him was beyond cheerful for before nine am, did the sunny disposition come with the job?
"Cas that's not silly, it sucks though." he hopes he sounds considerate and not patronizing, he knows his brother would have the right words - the bitch. The small smile Cas sends his way has Dean believing he did okay. "Would you like to do go someplace else?"
Cas and Gabriel were delighted.
"You got a problem, Dean?"
"I can't find anything to wear!" oh boy this was really bad, Gabriel about to reply before Cassie lost it again, however, he was silenced by the sound of the doorbell. "Oh my God! That's Dean, he's early."
"Daddy!" fuck, he'd wondered if leaving in the middle of the night would have woken Henry. The kid had some kind of radar for the Impala.
"I took something and made an utter fool of myself in front of a really hot guy!" moaned Dean shutting his eyes he missed an odd look from Charlie before she burst into laughter.
God, Sammy would approve.
Never being one to stand on ceremony Gabriel attacked the wrapping paper with vigor, "Holy shit Sammy! Did you buy the sex shop beginners package or what!" exclaimed Gabriel.
He wonders if he's been left, an icy feeling of fear filling his stomach. His Dad loves him, but so did his Mom and she had left. Henry thinks of her sometimes, he hopes she's okay, he loves her. He doesn't think his Dad will mind, he hopes not anyway.
Gadreel and Aaron are quick to leave inviting along Kevin who chooses to stay, Gilda watches Charlie fondly as she rushes to the lounge to get everything set up followed by Benny and Victor.
Once he had said what was wrong the questions came, Henry wanted to know when they would see Cas again and why hadn't he called or texted. Thankfully Sam messaged Cas who called Dean cell's, he hadn't even been able to answer it, instead passing it over to Henry to take the phone, the kid's smile had been nice to see.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief at seeing the man again, he looked a little better but still shaken. Sending a glance at Sam his brother immediately scooped Henry up taking him over to the waiting chairs.
"I'm sorry,"
of Dean fumbling the box, he was holding before saying hello with blushing cheeks was something Cas liked to revisit, often.
Sam and Gabriel graced straight to Sam's bedroom, he couldn't remember a more special Christmas Eve.
"I believe it's known that humans sometimes only decorate the rooms they inhabit the most," offered Cas in way of explanation.
What the hell was it with cafeterias? Was this his life now? Revelations and awkward moments surrounded by the din of high schoolers. Wondered Dean after selecting his lunch (chili fries and a large slice of pie) after watching Cas' conversation with Bal and Gabriel earlier he needed some comforting.
Gabriel's eyes went wide, "Who told you?"
"Yeah, so could you copy it out for me," John nods his agreement. "I don't really know what to write though." God feelings were so hard.
"There's certainly nothing wrong with a little competition." Dean really doesn't appreciate the last word and the tone in which it was delivered. "Your Cas sure is hot."
Both carrying it into the Bunker finding their angels gushing over decorations over the map table.
"That my brother has the hots for yours, hells yeah!" screamed Gabriel, "You know what else, it's possible that Cas' brother has the hots for Dean's brother." Oops, obviously demure had left the building.
Dean nods in agreement because his voice has deserted him, before turning back to Baby in aid to keep him staring at Castiel. When its finally safe Dean calls Charlie since Sam will be busy in school.
* * *
"Already started." Dean smiled at his brother knowing Gabriel was in for a surprise.
Sorry this took forever, it was pretty much finished until I decided it didn't work. Jesse and Cesar were going to be in this chapter as employees at Hive. Only it didn't gel with Cas' storyline.
" alt=/>
During break Dean had been kept behind by his teacher, to praise him on his latest essay. Though delighted Dean wished for a better reward policy.
"Cool, how is the little tyke? Ellen was wondering if he'd like to spend his birthday night here, after whatever fun and games you have planned." Dean smiled knowing Henry would love the idea and not just for the extra candy he'll be able to scoff scot-free. Telling Bobby as much, he also adds a warning.
"Cas, you are sitting down," informed Dean.
"Can we sit down?" he asked, Castiel nodded this time. Walking them over to a bench, once they were comfortable Dean continued. "My Mom died when I was four, it's not something I'm good at talking about or feeling".
"Oh God, is Big Bird going to jump out in front of me or something?" questioned Cas, his voice completely serious. "It was a recurring childhood nightmare." he clarified.
"It's okay Cas, I've got you," offering his body as support Dean felt his calmest since the phone call. He still wishes he's got a punch in though. After holstering her gun Jody turns to them while her partner walks the guy out.
Castiel feels his heart or stomach (perhaps both) flip flop with emotions, this is the last gift and there's no way Cas can wait any longer to put his own plan in motion, this whole thing is coming to a head today.
"Talk about oblivious," muttered Gabriel under his breath just loud enough for everyone to here, luckily Sam pulled him down to the sofa his hand over his mouth.
After a short drive filled with nothing but the sounds of Baby and The Beatles, Dean had pulled in to a circular driveway complete with water feature. The house is what Dean would describe a country house: cream colored with shutters and tall hedges on either side.
Cas watched Dean's face morph from guarded to prideful in a second, it seemed one compliment to Baby and he became completely disarmed.
He couldn’t stop thinking about his reaction, which begged the question did Dean believe he’d lose his pants in Cas company today.
"I want to kiss you," Cas broke out into a beautiful smile, he was breathtaking.
“Fine, I’ll take a banana caramel muffin, a flapjack, a slice of pecan for Dean, a slice of honey and pear tart for Cas and whatever you’ll have,”
"I can see okay from here." counters Dean, knowing sitting squashed against Cas will be too much.
"He?" oh fuck, that was meant to stay under wraps, curse his stupid brain. The new information has Sam perked up like nothing before.
He snaked his hand down ignoring his nipples and stomach feeling enough out of his comfort zone already thank you very much. Once his hand finally met his cock, he gasped surprised to find himself already perky. So maybe this wouldn't take long, after all, it had been a while and the panties were so soft.
"I hoped you thanked Cas," Henry nodded while jumping up and down. "Go ahead." Dean sent a cursory glance at the others noticing they'd both relaxed somewhat. Henry was completely oblivious since he was too busy attacking the gift bag.
"Please, Henry really wants you to. And I haven't been much help." Dean offers giving Henry's shoulder a squeeze.
"Well done, now he'll be obsessing too much to eat," grumbled Dean.
"Hey, Sammy!" Dean shouted, please when his brother popped his head in from the kitchen.
"You were taking too long, I really like you Benny and I hope you like me too,"
In the blink of an eye the lights come on, TV paused, chips and beer corrected and Dean's throbbing toe felt like it had moments before the drop, perfectly fine.
Sam was lying on his bed feigning sleep while ignoring his housemate, the light sound of his cell had him wishing he'd silenced it. The louder it got he recognized it was Led Zepplin, meaning Dean was calling.
"I'm not sure I understand." he comments making an adorably confused expression. Adorable? God aliens really have taken him over.
"Bacon," said Sam shit-eating grin in full display as he showed Dean the relevant tab, a color picture of little sausages wrapped in bacon cooked to perfection, “Oh and dessert is usually pie,”
Once names were chosen they headed out in the Impala.
"For God's sake, Dean just spit it out?" screamed Sam.
Cas focused his blue eyes on Dean before looking back Henry, knowing full well the kid understood surprises were a secret (thanks to the surprise gnome) he didn't buy it.
"Nah, it's not all for us," Cas looked at him in confusion. "We're having an impromptu sleepover at La Casa Winchester, the regular crowd. Others will be in later no doubt, we're all bringing something." oh, it was times like this Cas hated his job, only then he felt bad for complaining.
"That's all of it Dean, there's nothing more back here," she said reading him already. Nodding he grabbed the bag to take a peek inside finding two (yes) perfect little pies. "We got you apple and peach," added Charlie.
"Dude!" admonished Dean staring daggers at Sam for the betrayal, before feeling Gabriel's eyes on him, "Look it was free candy alright, I figured you could just poof it back,"
"But no ghost stories," Dean commanded pointing his finger at the man who was basically a surrogate father to him and Sam, Henry had always called him Grandpa and had never been corrected. He knew they weren't actually related but in Bobby's words: Family doesn't end with blood.
"You guys have a fight?"
A week later found Cas in his room, bored. It had been a strange week, being free from work had him chilling out with Gabriel (once he'd stopped shouting) and catching up on all his cat videos.
"I could eat a tart," yep Cas was the best.
"Jerk,"
"You bet, besides any new pie should be tasted hot and then cold," informed Dean adding, "My Dad gave me money for pizza if you want to stay," offered Dean.
Smiling Dean opens the box, once plugged he drapes the lights -in a way he hopes is artfully done - over the tree.
Fine! she's pretty, a little shorter than Cas, her hair long and black. Is she dating Cas? Because Cas has never mentioned it and they're friends, isn't that something you would share with your friend?
"1967 Chevy Impala, she belonged to my Dad, he uh gave her to me when I was sixteen, had to build her back up a few years ago." answered Dean.
Wait, harassed? Just how long had this been going on? Since before they met? Was this what Sam had been on about, why Gabriel was so stressed out?
Cas was trying to get his work done only he couldn't stop thinking about Dean. Ever since he had moved in, Cas had been enthralled, his arrival had felt like a turning point. The sight
Don't be mad, I fixed the car on Saturday I hope you love my final gift, Dean.
"Dean, the reason I calmed things down in the hall is because I want to take my time with you," Dean gasped his body reacting with a shudder.
Dammit, he supposes a few hours under wraps was something, trust Mary Winchester to see right through him.
"Cas, what the hell is going on?" he asks pushing the guy away, staying in the middle shielding Cas from view.
He knew he'd been neglecting that part of himself recently, it was hardly surprising. Everything was turned around, Dean was turned around. Everything he used to like just wasn't working and things he shouldn't (Cas) were.
* * *
"No the opposite, you've had a delivery," she answered, this time her eyes were twinkling in delight normally that signaled bad omens.
"Sure, Secret Santa can be five to ten dollars and -"
Cas caught sight of Sam looking back and forth between Gabriel and Cas as if following a tennis ball.
"For how long?" Gabriel thought back knowing it was a few months ago when he bade farewell to the Christmas coffee syrups quickly telling Sam as much.
Luckily Cas looked awake, though mildly panicked, "No everything's fine, sorry I thought it was later."
"Cassie you're meant to be on my side," huffed Gabriel snapping fingers causing his and Cas' now untouched calendars to land in their hands.
In a world where Angel/Human matches were becoming more and more common the Winchester's had been one of the first families to gain matches for both of their children. Mary was a true believer in the power and majesty of Angels (something she instilled in her children through stories) and glowed with pride that her Sons were destined to be graced with an Angel's love.
“And by that you mean?”
"Um, he was just on his way out, let me check." the line was quickly filled with loud hold music.
Happily, he finds eighty-five dollars, which will hopefully be enough to achieve what he's thinking. The story of his parents sweet get together gave him an idea, that he can woo Cas with bee-themed gifts.
"It's okay Sugar, I had to pick up Missouri's mail, besides he asked for roadhouse burgers."
Leaving his office he goes in search of Charlie, trying to keep the smile off his face. The woman is like a bloodhound, just a peak of his good mood will have her frothing at the mouth with a shit load of questions he can't answer and doesn't even want to think about.
"Dean, I'm not mad at you for kissing me, more at myself for letting you walk out the door."
"What could I get for Daddy's office?" Henry piped up.
Dean’s blush alerted Cas to the fact that Gabriel wasn’t the only one hiding, “Are you keeping secrets too?” He asked causing everyone to laugh over current events, luckily it helped break the tension.
Spies had nothing on Gabriel Novak.
"Uh, yeah," Cas' voice sounded weird like he was holding something back, Dean felt he didn't want to examine that too closely.
"Cas?"
"Oh God, I'm sorry, it's great to meet you Charlie," he greeted blushing.
Shooing Cas upstairs Gabriel waits until he's out of sight before opening the front door to Dean and Henry.
"Why?" he asks slightly glaring at Balthazar, while Gabriel and Sam have become seemingly interested in the table.
"You little brat," Sam began tickling him causing Gabriel to laugh as his eyes filled with happy tears.
Deciding to take a break Sam went inside to fix sandwiches for everyone, leaving Dean to grab the drinks, they couldn't rest for long since the plants needed to be, well planted. Dean had found it to be enjoyable and Henry couldn't stop smiling.
A noise sounded from his position, crap he could swear he had more stealth than this. Dean had completely forgotten to miss the squeaky step.
"We kind of kept it anonymous, I don't even know his real name."
“Hey guys,” greeted Sam attempting to sound relaxed.
Fears assuaged, Dean stops thinking any more about it (or tries to) heading into his bedroom to change. Selecting his best jeans and a tight green Henley. Grabbing his essentials he's out the door and behind the wheel, for the quick drive to meet Cas.
"Truthfully, I don't know." he hated that the most not knowing, for Henry mostly but also he wished he knew she was safe and okay. "Carmen and I weren't together when she found out she was pregnant, I didn't love her and it was the same for her. I offered to do right by her, that we could try to be together. She said she didn't want us fumbling through a relationship that wasn't real, I was with her through the pregnancy and I thought we could make it work. That Henry would have two parents that weren't together."
"Good, that's real sweet of you to ask, Cas (haha that rhymed). We have only just met, right?"
Dean didn't normally spend his Saturday mornings at the mall, looking for gifts. Preferring to click and wait for delivery, but that wasn't an option, it wasn't personal.
"Happy Birthday Henry!" announced Cas after closing the van emblazoned with the Hive name and logo on the side. Cas bent his knees to be closer to Henry, holding out a gift bag.
Sam wanders over to the bed, lying flat on his back his stomach full of delicious soups and fried carp, Gabriel had pretty much eaten his weight in cookies.
"I need help," said Kevin and Alfie obviously all attempting to divert the conversation just as the others came through the doors.
Much to Dean's surprise and perhaps Cas' it doesn't end there, the nights together become almost weekly. More so once Dean finds out how much pop culture Cas is short of, the guy doesn't have a clue about Indiana or even the Ghostbusters. Leaving Dean with no other option but to get him clued up and if that means seeing more of him, that's Dean's cross to bear.
"Hey, bro," called Gabe.
The secret Santa gift could be fancy candy, the other, oh wait, could he perhaps take Gabriel at his word and get something sexy. Once this tree was decorated Sam had more research to do.
Dean recognized the familiar feeling of nervous invade his stomach as he began his wait in line. Introducing yourself to someone after you've chatted extensively online about the intricacies of Star Wars, the Upside Down, Saga (when would the hiatus end!) and many more felt somewhat weird.
"Cas, don't be like that why can't we all be friends?"
"So surprise," Dean's eyes went wide after the words left his mouth, what the hell! Only Cas didn't walk off he laughed, Dean was choosing to see that as a good sign.
"Christ, Sammy you scared the shit out of me," berated Dean getting out of his chair while Sam laughed.
Though raging Dean did his best to push his anger aside before pulling Cas into his arms as the smaller man's tears began to escape onto Dean's shirt. Wrapping him up Dean couldn't help but notice how perfectly Cas fit against him, helping keep the anger at bay.
Cas was waiting in the School parking lot with his group of friends sans Sam and Alfie, after much discussion he had decided it was best to inform the principal of last week's prank and currently Alfie was giving a statement about the bullying and blackmail.
"We brought breakfast muffins!" exclaimed Henry smiling proudly.
"Yes, I love meeting fellow nerds,"
He didn't know if it was a good idea or not to text Cas, only he'd felt really disappointed earlier and he wanted to acknowledge that. He didn't want Cas to think he was avoiding him or anything. God his feelings were all over the place lately. But why?
"Dean it's his birthday, besides I really care about Henry, about both of you." Dean was suddenly glad this was a phone conversation so there were no witnesses to his blushing.
"OMG, Dean!" Dean nodded slightly alarmed from the level of excitement displayed. "I can't believe it, Gigantor said you'd be in today. Good thing too, I made so much pie," added Gabriel.
"You want to play Mario Kart or break into these?" Dean asked feeling sort or weightless, whether that was the beer or Cas he didn't much care.
He heard Sam sigh before replying. "Look Henry wanted to show it to me and he only asked once you left."
Dean and Cas battle over burgers
"Hey, only if you're interested back, Cas," informed Sam, "Gabriel and I have got your back, you know?"
"You think you can manage the three of us or do you just want to be with Gabriel?" asked Dean.
"I wanted to do it on his birthday, with a cinema trip afterward. I was set to get everything from Hive, with your advice only Henry wants you to come. His birthday is April 22nd, I'll pay for your time."
Otherwise, he was really looking forward to his near future, his brother was keen to see an author who wrote about dessert dwelling treasure hunters or something. The kid was a complete nerd at least Dean kept it cool by only showing his excitement for the films even if he was a devourer of graphic novels.
"Holy shit! Are you brothers?" asked Dean.
Cas smiled before answering, "He's dropped a few out of context spoilers, I like looking out for them during the film since he comes at things in a different way to myself," that actually sounded like a lot of fun.
"Yo, Dean-o," he answered.
Dean didn't understand any of this, common sense had left the building. Sure he'd had issues with customers before, some were complete grade A assholes. But he could understand it being a car enthusiast; all this time he'd been under the impression plants were a calming influence, whoever this guy was needed some more.
"Did you guys kiss?"
A knock at the door announces his brother, "Yes?" Gabriel bounds through an obvious question in his eyes.
"A sex toy," answered Sam keeping his voice monotone.
What!
Dean glares at her, "Come on Charlie, I don't want to freak him out by sending him gifts."
"Yeah, Sammy's really keen to hear all about Alfie's date, I think he just needed some tlc," answered Gabriel.
"Do you think you got mad at Sam because deep down you want to go on a date with Cas." Charlie's voice was quiet and calm as if she was talking about something inconsequential and not something hugely affecting to Dean's life.
"What, Cas I don't want you buying me things." Dean objects.
As ideas go this one hadn't been bad, just not forthcoming with the results. Spending the half hour since he got here walking around the different plants, hoping something would jog his memories of his Mom.
Just as long as he didn't focus on the fact that Cas was older and would surely want someone with more experience than Dean had. If he wasn't straight in the first place.
"Charlie, I don't - "
"Benny's a southern gentleman."
"Yeah, that's what I meant, I'm starting to feel those beers." Dean quickly stuffed his mouth with pie (yes, it was really good)
"Should I be worried?" Cas asks.
"Could you repeat those instructions Meg?" asked Gilda.
"No, it's all gone away because I'm sat next to an Angel, he'll keep me safe." Sam nodded as Gabriel burst into laughter.
After sharing out a handful of fish, Henry with the most pulled out the final item from the bag, wrapped in yellow paper with sevens on. Dean couldn't believe there was more, Cas was too kind. Tearing it open revealed the Epic DVD and a book about Space.
"And blow each other," joked Gabriel, "It's fine Sambo, I won't allow our first time to be a quick fumble to take the edge off, I want to take my time with you and we're going to build up to these, slowly."
"So I heard, FYI Baby is his car that he loves way too much."
Only he couldn't stop seeing a younger Cas, scared and abandoned by the people meant to protect him. His mind couldn't help but supply him with the image of Henry all alone, cold and scared either.
"I think I can manage that, in fact, I may have just what you're looking for." he motions them to follow him, after quickly checking it's okay with Sam they both follow. "Now I know you said orange or yellow, but I happen to think these Shasta Daisies will be very striking with the Felicia." lifting a small pot he brings it down to Henry for his approval.
"So what's going on with the fella from your building?" well that worked and fella? who talks like that?
"Water would be good," replied Dean, quickly adjusting his pants once Cas had his back turned, it seemed this talking thing couldn't be escaped after all.
Pies, plural, until there were five choices in front of him.
"Well yeah, I pretty much figured that Dean. I'm really glad you're facing up to it though I was near ready to explode." Dean laughed a little figuring he had been pretty clueless.
"Sammy, tell your new boyfriend to butt out," Dean watched his brother blush (again) his eyes closing for reasons Dean couldn't fathom. Anyway he was getting off track (thanks to Gabriel) he had been trying to tell Sam something, something important, what was it?
"Gabe did, only he stopped since I'm hopeless with pranks. This week though he got me, the way he goes on you think being tidy would be a crime!" Dean couldn't help the laugh never hearing Cas so hysterical before, "I was tidying his stuff and he said there was porn amongst it." Dean shuffled a little in his seat, that prank sounded weirdly familiar.
Jo and Ash are the first to go, leaving with the same goofy smile. Bobby, Ellen, and Rufus soon after to set up The Roadhouse, Sam tagging along he's glad for it his brother doesn't do much other than work a night out will be good for him.
"Wait, that would mean around the same time she ditched you and Cassie."
Castiel made sure to stay close to the door.
Wanting to get over this and taking Sam at his word Dean walked into the kitchen to the connecting garage door and knocking pushing himself to make loud enough for John to hear. Instead of an answer the door opened revealing his Dad dressing in his typical jeans and flannel.
Walking over to the grill, Dean throws another cursory glance over the place, there's a small gazebo for shade and hopefully plenty of chairs, along with blankets and cushions for those who want nature a little closer. Where the fairy lights have come from he has no idea.
"Yeah me too, Henry seems like a cool kid."
Once the pies were boxed, he stuck his hand out towards Gabriel, "Dean Winchester." Gabriel shook his hand giving his name too, "So Sammy comes here a lot?"
"Shut it, Dean, it wasn't that much!"
Less was sometimes more, apparently.
"You did that to your brother!"
"Are you saying I'm not cool?" he asks smiling.
Sammy jumped as he slammed his big book of plants that Cas had given him on the table, "You should have asked sooner." God, he had to fix everything around here. "Not flowers, plants because they grow, doesn't Gabriel like candy?"
"He's lovesick," announces Mary placing the hot pie dish on the table.
Dean crouches down in front of him, "Cas, I'm going to make some calls and we'll be on our way." nothing, he gets up to stand when Cas grabs him.
"Bees?"
"Cassie you promised to play Twister and be on my team," whined Gabriel having got the upper hand on Sam for the moment. "Please, I need your flexibility."
"Sure, sweetheart."
"He has a point Dean, why don't you call him." suggests Sam a suspicious glint in his eye.
"I guess so." Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows.
"Okay let's go." finally, once the door was closed Henry settled himself telling Chomps the plan to give his Dad the biggest hug and that they had to cheer Cas up.
Since then Cas had like the proverbial dog with a bone, wanting to get Dean into art class especially when he found out it didn't clash with anything on his schedule. So Dean said goodbye to his afternoon naps in Baby, while not completely sold on the idea Cas' excitement had been enough to dampen his fears of hours spent drawing a bowl of fruit.
Not a quiet car to park either it stopped in front of Cas' house with its usual loud rumble that had the house door flinging open spilling light into darkness as well as a worried Gabriel, phones clutched tightly in each hand.
"Actually it's Novak, I use Bumble for the kids." he smiles again, Dean feels his cheeks blush, man what an idiot. He'd be lucky if this  Novak guy spoke to him again. "Castiel Novak." he reaffirmed.
Slamming his tray down, he greets the other three before asking, "Hey, anyone up for the cinema tonight?" immediately Sam and Gabe shake their heads.
"Sounds perfect," smiling Cas took residence on one of the breakfast bar stools, Dean quickly setting to work plating up the tarts - both smelling and looking delicious - and pouring a glass of milk for Cas, he would've offered hot chocolate but didn't think using the stove was a good idea.
Looking a little apprehensive the kid nodded opening the tin and passing one wrapped in a green paper case. "They're raspberry oatmeal."
"Um, these guys named Ed and Harry the channel's called JoyChasers,"
"Oops, almost forgot uh we got you one of these," Dean pulling happily away from his burger (he was trying to savor it) in time to see Charlie place a luminous green drink on the table. "It's a Sabre Slush."
Henry looked at with an expression that screamed 'Duh' before saying. "Yeah, my Uncle Sammy likes pans."
Stop it, Winchester, he didn't want these thoughts any of them, weird shower thoughts included. He wasn't yearning for Cas or jealous of that burger - that second one was just too weird for a start. Having had enough of his brain and feelings he took hold of his own burger and took a bite.
"You and Sam will be okay, you know." Dean snapped his head up from the blank piece of paper in front of him to find Cas.
"Thanks, I can't believe Charlie I gave it to you, I didn't put her up to it,"
"Uh..." Dean looked around hoping for a sign.
He'd never thought about this before, even when Sam came out, it didn't force him down a path of analysis. Sure he's always loved Han Solo, but even Sammy loves him.
It was chaos.
"Let's just say you'll hopefully see the funny side," Cas smirked saying nothing further.
"No fear Sam-a-lam, I'll shower you in berries." Cas smiled watching the two of them, he loved how sweet and loving Gabriel was with Sam.
The sleepover and another gift.
"There you are, come on Sammy I want to put our purchases away before lunch," moaned Dean before noticing Gabriel. "Oh hey," he acknowledged his hand moving to his neck, Gabriel blinked slightly thrown by the nervous gesture.
"Are you all made up now?" Dean and Sam jumped apart at Cas' voice.
“Drink the water,” without thought Dean did as instructed, Cas’ voice sounded even warmer than usual. “What do you want?”
"Aww, sounds like you're better out of it. You work hard enough without going home for more," he said ripping into his second bar.
"Well thank you, you're so considerate Dean." he watched as Cas picked up his burger, "Now let's eat." Dean certainly couldn't argue with that.
"It might take me a while to get it out, um Sammy and I grew up in Kansas, it was where our Mom died. Our Dad was never really the same after that, he drank a lot and..." Dean having dropped his eyes to start stole a quick glance at Cas, the man was giving his full attention to Dean that his eyes seemed to be burning. The sight made Dean want to look at Cas instead of the floor.
"Cas, open it," prodded Gabriel moving to sit on Sam's lap and feed him chocolates.
Walking over to the first employee he lays eyes on, a small waif of a man wearing tan cargo pants teamed with a yellow shirt: green lettering on the back with the words Join the Hive Today. The man turns around after Dean covertly coughs, the ensemble finished off with a shiny name tag declaring him Garth. "Hi welcome to Hive, what do you need today?" he smiles making Dean wonder if a sunny disposition is part of the work criteria.
Yeah, I'm working on my English paper having finally finished The Scarlett Letter. They came in not long after, seems like they're there whenever I turn around today." answered Sam understanding what he really wanted to know, the answer didn't sound good. Surely they couldn't be stupid enough to mess with Sam, could they?
"I offered to help Henry pick out a plant, but if you'd rather ... " started Castiel interupting Dean thoughts.
Castiel opened his eyes delighting in the fact that it was Saturday, the past week and a bit had been hard work. The constant chaperoning was driving him crazy, of course, his friends meant well and after the prank failed on the public humiliation front they’d all expected a little blow back.
Sam had come home later with some of the treats Henry had made with Gabriel, at first the poor kid had been worried he was in trouble over the prank. Dean soon got him laughing again with many many compliments and a tickle war.
Cas couldn't tear his eyes away from Dean, the guy was in his element ever since they had gotten out of Baby and went through the doors of the Car show. His expression like a kid at Christmas, pure delight.
"I drove here, I really believe Gabriel and I need to speak about our past, its been something pushed under the carpet for so long."
"So the guy can read me like a book, he'll know I know when he tells me Cas received whatever it is." Sam sighed.
"It's true, you're still here living your life. You took a risk befriending me, even with everything you've been through you put yourself out there and Dean, I'm really glad you did." Dean looked deep into Cas' blue eyes for proof of him being mocked but all he found was the truth.
"Dean, Mr Novak, you'll have to come down to the station for a statement. I'll call forensics, once they're done you can get this place secure," informed Jody.
Dean was blaming google for that last one.
"You bet, in fact, I'm thinking color changing ones,"
"It's okay, you make me feel plenty safe, Dean." wow, Dean was powerless to stop his cheeks warming, in fact, he wanted to puff his chest out like a bird right now.
“What! Sammy we’re the ones who should be doing that,” announced Gabriel as Cas
Nicknames were a real thing!
"Hearing that from Gabriel 'The Trickster' Novak makes me feel honoured," Cas nodded his head in agreement, normally Gabriel was up for anything, the weirder the better.
"Shit, did I wake him?" it's Monday tomorrow and a sleep-deprived Henry is a guaranteed bad start to the day
"Ok, so why does Gabriel look so nervous?"
"Ooh, Baby you got me all intrigued,"
* * *
"Well that's good, it's nice to have a brother. I have one also." says Castiel his cheeks growing pink.
"Aww, well Dean you should do as your Angel asks."
"Oh Dean, I'm sorry and I hope you don't feel that way anymore. You're so strong Dean and beautiful."
He and Meg used to be such good friends until she had fallen in with Alistair and his lackeys. Seduced by what she called: their free will to do what they wanted not caring who got hurt in the process.
"Cool, well I'll just see if Henry's found one he likes." departing before she can say anything, he weaves his way past kids, other shoppers and what he calls plant prisons.
Right at that moment Gabriel burst through the door (eavesdropping no doubt) "Silly Dean, he meant the scene at lunch, right Dean-o," Woah, was Gabriel helping him?
"Lame," she uttered quickly tossing it aside, "So when do you get off?"
"What does that mean?" he asked as Cas continued to chop mushrooms before moving on to peppers.
"I'll take the pecan, rhubarb and the marzipan." Gabriel smiled hopefully at his good sense and not his lack of control. He would take one home, freeze one and the other could go to work with him. That way he could send some business Gabriel's way.
“So you knew?” asked Sam looking disappointed.
"Henry pissed off at me yet?" Sam asks rubbing his free hand over his face, Dean bites his tongue since promising he wouldn't launch into a lecture. It's not easy, Sam looks like he hasn't slept in days.
In truth Castiel wasn't his only obsession, ever since Henry's comment at the nursery, he'd been plagued by thoughts of his Mom. He didn't like to dwell on thoughts of her, the loss still too raw often feeling blindsided by it. Currently, guilt was clutching at him, it was stupid, he was only four when she died.
All three of them were shocked at John's response, he laughed, heartily.
"No!" Bobby looked at him, "Sure he's reared his head at times but I'm done listening to him, it's about me,"
And Cas, that lying little terror! He'd looked Dean straight in the eye and told him his brother was some weird health freak who owned a salad bar. Dean would be having words with him later.
“We want to apologize,”
Cas had been the dutiful boyfriend, quick with reassurances that it didn't matter what Gabriel thought or that he could bribe him with candy. Dean was still nervous because this was important, Cas was important.
"He did! That kid still surprises me." Gabriel, however, sounds delighted. "Sorry to disappoint, the only healthy thing you'll find here is the spinach in my quiches or muffins. Any goodness is negated by the butter and cheese," he added proceeding to line the counter with pies.
"Talk to me, Baby," Sam shivered again for a completely different reason, "You like it I when I call you that, huh?"
“Well since we’re all here how about we head out Winchester style," suggested Dean.
Finding the reception area empty he heads for the break room, finding her messing around with Benny. "I'm off now guys, Charlie you should do the same." she'd come in to help before he was called, as far as he's concerned his days off aren't more important than anyone else's. Especially when it was his mistake, or more specifically his crappy filing.
Yeah, because you're always thinking about Castiel.
"Hello, Dean," smiling Cas sweeps Dean into the depths of his blue eyes once more. "It's good to see you Sam, Gabriel's in the kitchen." Dean barely holds back from hitting Sam's shoulder and telling him to go for it.
"You two are being weird,"
"Wow, they look great, is that pistachio on the top?" asked Gabriel throwing his baker's eye over the muffin.
Having already informed Charlie of their plan through text, he walked out into the sunshine trying to keep his thoughts away from Cas. It was harder than it ought to be, now it turned out that incredibly sexy guy was the author of all those books Sammy raved about.
"Really?" asked Gabriel.
"It took me by surprise too, I came to ask you out, but you said such nice things to me, guess it got the better of me." confessed Dean, deciding to be brave he continued, "So what happens now?"
"My what!" demanded Dean watching his brother be besieged by a fit of laughter.
Currently, he was home after a long day, Sammy was doing God knows what in the kitchen while Henry was playing (or possibly napping) in his room. The pinging noise of his cell had Dean smiling, he and Cas had been texting all day, more importantly, Cas had said yes.
“I hope they’re okay, only I know you care about the environment and your hair,” said Cas completely missing Dean’s laugh.
They both watch Castiel leave, Sam taking the first opportunity.
"I'm impressed though if we want these cupcakes to be spectacular we still need a few things," Henry looked at Sam who just shrugged.
"No, its just enthusiasm, Dean do you have any popcorn?" asks Gilda searching his cupboards and finding it before he can answer. "Cas you might want to get some coffee on, Charlie will be planning on watching the first three films at least." Dean watches them hoping they were going to become friends.
Moving to his bed he pulls down the comforter so he can lie on the fresh sheets while keeping his toes toasty under the covers.
"Well everyone must be hallucinating."
Oh fuck!
Closing his eyes to battle a yawn Dean was glad to see no sign of Sam, "I feel all sleepy, is that normal?"
"Still nothing!" exclaimed Gabriel taking in the room, of course, he hadn't been expecting perfectly coordinated decor but he'd take a load of faulty lights over nothing.
"Right pie's up everyone and hey Cas what did you say these were again?" he shouts scanning the garden for the man in question finding him stood next to Benny. They look cozy, standing close and smiling at each other.
He didn't know much about the nursery - anything that came in green was more his brothers thing. He heard it had been taken over a few years ago when the owners retired, apparently becoming more sucessful in that time.
It was now Thursday night and Henry had spent time with Jo consuming too much sugar. Dean had been busy, having taken steps to ensure a full schedule all in the name of avoidance.
"Dude, give me some credit, I didn't tell him it was yours until he started blowing up my phone. And another thing I'm rooming with him and last night he arrived completely smitten, rambling about a stunning guy with green eyes he'd been lucky enough to sit next to," she smirked her enjoyment clear.
"It was nothing overly exciting, I merely swapped one work for another helping my brother with his accounts." Cas sure seemed to work a lot.
Half reluctantly Dean followed through to the kitchen gladly accepting a bottle of cold water before they moved toward the garden into a light filled sunroom. Dean eyed the two loveseats with caution (how strong could wicker be?), before gently sitting on one to find it actually comfortable. Cas took the second and Dean tried to hide his disappointment at the distance.
Shaking his head Dean focuses back on the present, "Please, you ain't anything special, just a nice piece of ass. I would have given you a proper fucking Baby, in fact, I still might." Dean was moving before his brain had given permission, having heard enough of this sicko.
"Are you going to call him? Now?"
"I know Alfie is like a brother to you and Cas but I can tell Benny really likes the kid."
Feeling a heavy weight on his stomach Gabriel tried pulling away only to be tugged back against something hard.
Four more gifts? Cas couldn't figure how he'd deserved one, too busy with so many thoughts he didn't protest at the card being taken and the gift placed in his hands. It was a small rectangle, wanting to get this over with he pulled the ribbon lacing it through his fingers to proceed with the paper.
"Oh, got yourself a little suitor have we, Cas." chuckling the man got up from the floor, doing his best to conceal the paperweight he grabbed on his way up. Dean noticed as Cas reached out for his arm in warning, "I guess I can learn to sha-"
"Nah, I should probably do my history paper," concluded Dean quickly stuffing some pizza in his mouth in part to ignore Sam's look of shock and for something to do. Because he sure wasn't feeling hungry anymore, the pizza which was pretty good for high school pizza tasted like ash.
"Novak," Bobby squared his eyes obviously attempting to figure something out. "Did you do up Rufus Turner's garden?" Dean notices Cas relax, in fact, he's smiling.
"Oh, now that makes sense."
Before anyone can accuse him of not pulling his weight he joins Cas and Sam, grabbing a yellow plant (Solar Flare Prairieblues) from its spot to dig a new home for it, they continue like this for the next hour. Cas advising and offering the names of the plants along the way: Dean finds himself liking what Henry picked out and the names are pretty cool. Their garden now hosts to such things like Adam's Needle, Sweet Sultans, Angelface Blue and Bunny Tails.
* * *
"Daddy fixes cars." Henry pipes up eager to explain his faults.
Reaching forward Cas found a cute pen with a metal bee on the lid and a little notebook, taking it over to the counter he looked at everything together feeling incredibly happy.
They were just so blue!
Opening door Dean met disappointment in the form of his as good as little sister Jo, he didn't quite push away the dejected look quick enough with a smile.
"Yep, take it from me, I won a date with your Mom because I brought her a maple bacon cupcake," informs John gladly accepting a kiss from Mary.
"Hey!" he wasn't a bad driver, at least when he had passengers.
"It is Gabe, I admire anyone you can make math their bitch," declared Kevin with much agreement.
"Sam everything okay?" he asked plopping down in the chair opposite his friend.
"I guess, it's just I can never tell what he's thinking," added Dean cracking four eggs into the frying pan.
"I took it this morning so you wouldn't forget it, uh you know by accident," yeah, Sam knew all his tricks only Dean didn't know why it was such a big deal, it was just a hobby.
Another sign was the snacks, normally when it was just him and Sam, snack time would be raw vegetables with a yellow looking dip, blergh. Today, however, he'd been given a bag of Cheetos without having to ask.
"So, that's never stopped him before. Don't you normally just wink at them or something Dean," teases Sam. "Oh shit, did you get rejected? The great Dean Winchester."
"Daddy, I want this one." Dean smiles, knowing later the blue daisies will remind him of Castiel but for the moment he can't bring himself to care.
Cas nodded before walking over to his brother, Sam and Dean (soon to be boyfriend, oh God) Sam was currently wrapped around Gabriel like an octopus, an impressive feat considering Sam's recent growing surge. His eyes were red easily noticing tear tracks on his cheeks, Sam was such a gentle boy, Cas hated seeing him so upset.
"That is your decision, I would really love to go on that date though." wow, an actual honest to God offer of a date with Cas!
A few words were whispered too low for Dean to make out, Alfie bounded off leaving Dean wondering what the hell was going on. He'd given Cas three books sent together because gift wrapping sucked. Feeling a little dazed Dean watched Cas regard the item with confusion before shrugging it off and moving to unwrap it, the action causing Dean to move closer.
"Okay, let's find one." once through the automatic doors, it became evident the place was busy. Henry who was in front stayed close which Sam was thankful for, watching him it was obvious he was looking solely for the man who had become so important to him. Sam wished he was privy to their interaction the day of Henry's trip. "Henry, he may not be working today." he didn't want the boy's hopes to be dashed.
guy. But he wanted those smiles and laughs for himself, he was really getting sick of these twisting emotions towards Cas.
"You need to move," he coaxed.
"The nerve of some people bringing something like that to a barbeque." jokes Gadreel.
“Dean, that’s brilliant,” offered Cas.
“Sammy,” warned Dean feeling on show, he wasn’t good about showing his emotions though he always knew his match with Cas was meant to be romantic he was scared his love and leave them past would screw his future. But the look on Cas’ face hadn’t been blown away by the power of Netflix so battling against his fear Dean turned back to the laptop. “Dude how many tabs do you need?”
"A dog, Sammy I love that idea," smiled Gabriel thinking along the lines of something small and fluffy.
"You promise?" luckily Gabriel was able to play too.
"Uh yeah, it um started with your Dad," replied Gabe waving his hand casually at Sam and Dean.
In Fact, he'd like some now as Cas strode into the lounge followed insistently by Gabriel who made an immediate beeline for his brother. God ten minutes wasn't that long of a seperation!
"Ooh, are you calling with gossip? Hit me, nothing much is happening here." Charlie works the reception and also manages their computer operations because she's a whiz that often does freelance top-secret computering. So she says, Dean believes it knowing she has mad skills.
"Daddy, can Inias come?"
Not that again!
"Don't listen to Uncle Sam, he's a weird sugar non-believer."
"Hey, Sammy?" Dean waited for the protest only it didn't come, "Can I hide my candy at your place?"
"Cas, wait." shouted a freshman Dean thought was called Alfie, certain Sam was friendly with the kid. For whatever reason Dean felt a frisson up his spine, something was happening.
The sound on the school door opening had Cas looking up to find Sam and Alfie heading toward them, looking distraught. Gabriel took off immediately pulling Sam into his arms once he was able, Alfie proceeded to walk over to them, Benny only managing to hold himself still, Dean was the first to speak.
"It could be an ulterior motive, the old I'll let them date and it'll fizzle out," Sam shook his head while Dean laughed again.
"Dean, Henry, it's great to see you both." greets Cas over a table amassed with food.
"Now this I have to see, let me know when to turn up and if I can bring anything." Dean nods, Cas lingers a little as they look at each other before exiting the car with a wave.
No, he had to salvage this before he lost his nerve and it took another two months or longer and Cas got sick of waiting.
Dean stilled not knowing the reaction that was waiting, glancing over to Cas who was happily looking over the remaining jello, Dean returned his eyes to the lady, "Yes."
"Can we ask someone?" he turned back to Sam, a hopeful glint still in his eye. Sam nodded and they made their way to the only free employee. A young Asian guy with black hair standing behind the till. "Hi I'm Henry, this is my Uncle Sam, is Cas here?"
Across town Cas and Dean were walking around a Christmas Tree farm trying to find the perfect spruce.
Or at the very least it was a business meeting, Dean was looking to hire Cas. So he had to smell better than he did right now, he really wanted Cas as a friend and he doubted the man had friends who didn't shower. He rushed through his washing ritual still thinking about it, no doubt in his mind that Cas would be doing the same. Dean had spoken to him at work, there was a chance he himself had gotten a little hot and earthy.
Christ even Henry was at it with his little tricks and always wanting Cas to tag along.
"You're not spoiled," argued Cas to which Meg raised her eyes, "Fine you were a lot but you weren't a mean person because of it, hell Sam wouldn't ave been friends with you otherwise." clarified Cas.
"I'd love one, Henry, thank you." smiled Cas crouching down to select one.
"That's all I ask, Dean."
"What have you come up with so far?"
"I was going to ask," mumbled Benny bashfully.
"Okay," Sam passed him his phone "Could you enter his number?"
"I'm sorry for earlier," he said wanting to be the first to apologize.
Castiel is talking throughout, pointing and spilling information to Henry's attentive ears. He watches his son feeling disbelief at the focus he's witnessing, he can't help feeling proud too.
"Yes, Doctor Sexy!" cries Cas.
"We all do, I know you love working with Bobby but you're very creative too,"
"No that I do believe," commented Dean.
"He has a point Dad, it would be like..." Henry trails off to look at his Uncle. "Wait what were you doing in a bakery?" Sam looked down at his feet, Dean was well versed in such a maneuver: it was shame. Knowing Sam it was something to do with his temper, their father had left him so angry, he'd worked hard to get past it, but he was still subject to falling on old habits. He was human, Dean wished he wasn't so hard on himself. He never once became violent, to anyone other than himself either pushing it back on himself or hurting his fist on the first available wall.
"Fine," Benny went to leave stopping at the door, "Dean, look I know you've got loads running through that head of yours but Cas was never for me,"
"I wouldn't dare, see you tomorrow, Dean."
"Uh, Sam, this is Charlie," he announced eyes wide at his brother, "And Charlie, this is my brother Sam."
"It's not too late for you." those had been Sam's parting words, only Dean had been too pigheaded to hear them, now with them echoing in his head he agrees.
"What and miss the show, come on I can't wait to see what he's got in store." frowning at his brother's antics Cas hurried after Bal to their first lesson.
"Your funny Mr Gabe," giggled Henry, yeah the kid had good taste.
* * *
* * *
Wow, turns out Bobby brought the pep after all.
Also, it explained the tension between him and Cas. It was clear now that Cas had wanted Sam to spill the beans about this place, so Gabriel wouldn't be hidden like a secret. What in the hell was going on between them?
"Well I just didn't want you getting all teary and embarrassed," joked Dean.
"Charlie, what did you do?" he asked firmly trusting Charlie not to play coy.
"So Henry's got a school trip coming up next month and the gang is coming over for a barbeque, would you like to come?" Cas looked at him his expression a mix of apprehension and shock. Oh, shit, the man had only said an hour ago he wasn't good with new people and here he was inviting him into the lion's den. Great move Dean.
"Charlie this is Kevin, he's the one I was telling you about to do our accounts." Charlie looks at Kevin her gaze changed from slightly predatory to one of sheer hope. Dean can't help but think she's laying it on too thick.
Dean says goodbye, casting a quick glance around the place. Was the overly tidy apartment and food too much? Sam had told him to be himself and food is very much Dean. With the talking to finished, he opens the door finding Cas holding his note and looking extremely hot in tight black jeans and a button down shirt.
"I need one of your breakfast muffins and a pear tart before they get snapped up, Sammy deserves a treat." Cas nodded looking at his brother easily seeing the worry and lack of sleep in his eyes.
Once they had finished eating Dean remembered his phone and Charlie's selfies. "Hey Cas, Charlie she's my office manager (apparently receptionist wasn't good enough) took pictures for Henry of my work team with one of the cactus' he brought, it's everyone who'll be at the party. Would you like to see?"
"Dude, gross much." oh wow that was extremely new, no slang whatsoever. Gabriel, ever dramatic banged his head against the desk until a new voice pricked his ears huh it seemed Dean was no longer alone, so obviously he eavesdropped.
Cas must have gone away again - like he had in Dean's car - because suddenly Sam had stepped away and he was confronted by an orange dinosaur with three horns on its head. "This is Chomps, Cas I brought him for you to hold."
Though it was far from a hardship.
"On one condition?"
"You head that way and I'll take the library if we don't find anything we'll meet at the bottom of the stairs."
Navigating the aisles was a complete nightmare and Cas was gone as soon as he spotted something red or green.
"Cool, let's hear it, if it's a party at Hive I'll think it'll be an easy sell." was that some kind of jab, Dean couldn't tell, already knowing he was overly sensitive to discussion of Hive and Cas, though he tried his best to appear aloof.
"Ah, no it was always an empty threat, Sam was always quick to retreat." he appeased. "Just how close are our brothers?"
"You can talk to us about it whenever you want," said Dean taking Sam's other side.
Fuck, it was so good, the burger was succulent and cooked to perfection. Dam Ellen for not sharing her secrets. One day dammit he'd find out the truth behind this miracle.
"Dean! Are you okay?"
"Sam mentioned she was in the library earlier with her new pals," added Gabriel.
The only difference was he hadn't been tipsy around Cas since he realized how he felt, big whoop. If he wasn't doing this bee wooing thing Dean was sure he would have told Cas by now (lie) and been what, rejected?
"Do you know what you're doing here, Cas? he challenged.
Dean had nodded, mouthed a few vowel sounds before running to his apartment to call Sam for what was no doubt a code red emergency.
“It’s really important Dean, I’ve never seen Gabriel like that before I need to make it right,”
"It's my day off so I always have a cooked breakfast." Cas stops his chopping coming around the worktop until he's right in front of Dean. "I learned how to cook to provide my brother with food other than sugar, it was born out of necessity. I'm not inventive like you Dean, I know how much you love it because your flair is unmistakable."
"A date? Seriously? Man, it's about time." Dean gave his brother a look of confusion, Why would he think that? Sure, it's a Saturday but he's going out with Cas any past feelings or actions were behind him.
"That's a good thing, that way the tv won't stop you from making out."
He hadn't contacted Gabriel, wanting to leave him to his dreams. Simply knowing he would be there in an instant was enough for now and something he would get chewed out over. His brother had always been there for him whether wading through the social waters of high school or just being his normal exasperating self.
Running back to his bed he grabs Chomps his stuffed dinosaur, Uncle Sammy says it's okay to still sleep with Chomps, besides the dinosaur would be lonely on his own. There's a rivalry between him and the astronauts.
"Yes and we both know why," countered Cas.
"Cas, Angel, answer me!" screamed Dean but the phone line was dead.
"Dean he loves Cas, it's fine to be scared when taking a leap into something new and I know this is difficult for you because of Dad. But denying yourself something like this will hurt you more in the long run and Henry too."
"Jeez Cas chill," joked Meg "Don't you dare move, let him come to you, Gabriel knows to lock the door."
"Yes, my pretty one," claims Cas in the voice that has Dean losing space in his pants. "And I think I ate your musketeers," added Cas sending Dean a smirk that told him he knew exactly what that voice was doing to him, the bastard. Gabriel looked personally affronted by the news of his eaten candy bars.
"A certificate," he answered truthfully hoping the word would have the desired effect.
"Nope, I've got a mission?" Cas regarded him curiously. "Sam brought home the most amazing pie the other day, the little shit won't tell me where he got it. So I'm doing the footwork, you want to come?"
"Correct answer," Gabriel smiled moving to swap out his coffee for a fresh cup before sitting down across the table. "That man, Zachariah delivered supplies to Hive, he fixated on Cas pretty quickly and felt encouraged by him."
"Oh ye of little faith, I've got that covered. Did you think I was going to let you starve?" taking Cas' hand Dean lead him away from the gravel path to steps that bought them to a large patio at the back of the house. A cute metal table with a floral pattern top was laid out with two lots of cutlery, glasses and a jug of iced tea.
"Dean, we could have cooked together or actually gone to The Roadhouse for food." offered Cas, wasting no time diving in to tackle his fries.
Finally, a real smile crossed Gabriel's face as he sat down, "I call him Moose."
"We need Rice Krispies, maple syrup and candy melts, to make cacti to place into the cupcakes, Sam they should be in that cupboard behind you." directed Gabriel to his decoration hidey-hole.
"Yes, Dean, I'd definitely remember meeting you before," did that mean Cas liked him?
"She's a beautiful car," Dean jumped immediately hitting his head in the process. "Sorry, are you okay?" God, that voice was so deep and rich it had Dean suppressing a whimper.
Once again Dean was left tidying the kitchen, he preferred it that way though it was a shared space Dean always kept it clean much like Sam with the study.
Sure Cas is older, more experienced and oh so hot but Dean wants him. The thought of experiencing any relationship stuff with someone other than Cas feels wrong. Crawling into bed Dean vows that tomorrow he'll ask Cas on a date, he'll be gracious with whatever answer he receives and until then he'll try Bobby's positivity thing.
"Well, I thought that some kids might be too young to take care of a plant so we could maybe find soft toys or like a cuddly bee, we could call him Burt or something."
"Dude! What the hell?"
Registering his words Dean looked down at Cas' hands to find a box of two apple tarts, "Wow thanks Cas, you didn't have to do that you're always welcome here." he smiled so far so good.
"Woah Cas, that's wasn't a regular thing I just don't like flying,"
Cas liked being in charge, what would Dean think about that? What if he was on board with the idea?
"Love you too, Daddy and Cas." ending the call Dean sent Cas a smile, happy to see it returned. Delving into his phone again, Dean dialed.
"Uh huh, and this has nothing to do with stopping him flirting with Cas?"
Having finished his Chem paper early almost made up for his car being broken, hopefully, with a few more shifts at the petrol station, he would have enough saved to get it fixed.
When did coffee become so expensive? What kind of beans was this place peddling?
"Nope, just looking around." he was blushing a little, Sam couldn't help but find it endearing.
Dean flicks the switch causing an aww to fill the room and not just from the angels.
"Dean, where are you?"
"So you'll agree that on occasion friends buy each other coffee." fuck.
"You can be whatever you want and I'd fucking love to top you, Baby," Sam gasped hearing those words, he felt soothed. "Right, how about we get under the covers and I hold you while we sleep?"
"I think I'd like to work for you Mr. Winchester, I need money for school and the work seems easy enough."
"A little," Dean continued taking everything in suddenly realizing he was sitting under a load of mistletoe with Cas!
“Dean everyone needs time away from their kids on occasion,” informed Bobby tipping him off to the fact Sam must have filled in all the gory details. Bout how quite and down Henry had been all due to the fact he was missing Cas, Dean had no idea when Cas had become such a huge part of their lives but it had happened.
"I think the sous grill can manage it," he explains to Victor' huffs of annoyance.
"Cooking already Dean?" asked Sam helping himself to two breakfast muffins quickly passing one to Gabriel.
Henry was eating dinner when it came, "Daddy, can we visit Cas at Hive on Saturday?" he'd been waiting for that question since he got home from his trip. Where in Henry's words it had been: "The bestest time ever with actual learning."
"Don't leave me!"
"Let me help." the words are out before Dean knows what he's saying. It was just Henry looked so down, Cas too. Taking a breath he tries again, "Please, if I can help, let me."
Turning to Castiel, He was struck once again by his eyes. They were such a striking blue, "Thank you, Dean." Oh shit! Did he say that out loud? "Yes, you did," Cas smiled.
"Oh, and was he not receptive to that."
"Are they going to jail?"
"Dude next time lead with this! I'm in," Said Dean completely serious, "You got anything else you need to share?"
Reluctantly pulling away from his hiding spot, Dean met the beautiful eyes of Castiel Novak. Seriously how were they so blue? "I'm good, thanks, um I'm Dean Winchester." okay as starts went that wasn't bad, maybe he could do this.
"Where are you two going today?" asked Henry as he placed his tin of muffins on the table.
“Sam!” up jumps Castiel (unaware he’s giving the game away) his cute leg warmers grouping around his ankles, Gabriel smirks at Dean’s adoring face, scoffing when it morphs into lust as Cas bends over to pluck a small rectangular gift from under the tree passing it to Sam.
"Hey!" cried Gabriel jumping up in outrage, sending a glare at Castiel before sitting back down Sam quickly following after glancing at Dean once more. Straight away he could hear the hushed tones of Sammy and Gabriel talking, he couldn't make anything out but it was oddly comforting.
It didn't matter, he wasn't going to half-ass this because Cas might have - dare he believe it - feelings. He needed to keep a straight (haha) head, besides he wasn't going to use Cas' quasi-emotions against him.
"That's okay, I understand," said Cas his cute smile already in place, seeing the honesty in his eyes he knew it was true.
"For May the Force, I had to leave my Baby because of cheap flights, I hope she's okay," grumbled Dean.
"Why you bringing him up all of the sudden?" asked Dean.
* * *
That night Dean Winchester was gifted acceptance.
"We're not five!" protested Dean.
"Dean, that's your third beer." he glared at her like pointing out the obvious was helpful. "Okay, um Sam, make some coffee, Dean take a breath and remember everything went okay Kevin pulled off the gift tag excellently." Charlie reminded him.
"Fine, God Sammy and I used to get into some pretty hard prank wars. Did you and Gabe ever do that?" asked Dean gently hoping Cas wouldn't realize he was fishing for information about his childhood, but he was curious, dammit.
"It was still totally worth it," protested Gabriel, the resounding grumbles from his partners in crime seemed far from agreeable.
"Was he right?"
"Are you serious?" Cas asked watching bafflingly as Meg shrugged her shoulders. "Not till eleven, I'm sure you can go make some chaos with your new friends."
“You sure about that, Son? Cos it strikes me you’re doing a mighty fine impression of him right now.”
Cas' nose twitched, the tantalizing scent of cooking bacon and fresh coffee making itself
"Look whatever has you all tied up, and not in a fun way." she winked. "Maybe go somewhere that'll help." A solution crashed over him, Cas could help, or more specifically his business could. Maybe surrounding himself with plants could jog his memory, it couldn't hurt.
Noticing Henry and Sam approach the door, Dean crouched down to his son's level. "Daddy!" Henry shouted, using his outside voice indoors had Sam shaking his head. With more enthusiasm than expected Henry bounded into his father's arms leaving him slightly winded. "Where's Cas?" he asked doing his best to peer over his shoulder.
"A little, Dean I really hope you're not too polite to tell me to get lost."
"Thank you for listening, Dean, for everything." Cas winked at him quickly leaving his office without another word.
"Sam's my brother." Dean practically shouts causing not just Sam and Castiel to look at him, once the words sink in Castiel gives him another huge smile. It makes him feel all warm inside, and not the idiot he feels: considering those are the first words he's spoken, since shouting to get his attention.
Cas' eyes went wide, "Dean, No you've given me enough already," protested Cas.
"What's got you so glum?" Dean looks up at his Dad as he clears the table while Mary gets dessert ready. Delicious homemade apple pie. "Come on, Dean you walked out of school leaving Sam without a ride."
"Oh fuck, that's so hot!" cried Gabriel as Sam placed him on the couch before moving to pull a bag out from under the bed.
"Hey, you tricked me!" Cas just winks at him before heading over to the counter, while a huffing Dean goes to sit on the couch. And boy it was a good couch, closing his eyes to enjoy the comfort and feeling of being off his feet.
"What!" Dean had jumped up from his seat the need to punch the guy again flaring strongly. Gabriel held up his hands for Dean to sit back down, he did.
"Gabe, you okay?" turning around to face Sam he answered with a quick peck to his boyfriend's lips.
"Something sexy!" butted in Gabriel
"He did, he's pretty cool actually though a little odd. He seemed pretty upset when he realized it was only the two of us."
"Okay, lay it on me."
"That's an idea." agrees Cas.
Dean found himself at a loose end once everyone had gone having made it through the first Star Wars trilogy, Sam hadn't returned yet either. Currently, he was in his room after an extended shower since all he could smell was barbeque.
Perfect silence was broken by the sound of heavy footsteps descending the stairs. "Is that Cas?" asked Sam.
"Yes, Michael is the eldest, he's away a lot for business and has just returned," informed Cas, so he was still getting it a little wrong.
"Dean, did you make this?" he asks his voice loud and excited.
"Was that a good sound?" asked Cas fiddling with his apron strings.
"He has -"
The markets were so much bigger than he'd expected, filled with stalls and the aroma of cooking food. The whole place was lit up with more lights than he could count, it was beautiful.
Opening the front door Cas was surprised to find Dean stood before him, "Dean, you're here," said Cas stepping back to let him in.
He really didn't mean to stare, weirdly Cas didn't seem to mind, content to stare back himself. But why? Dean had always had a thing for blue eyes: for women with blue eyes. A part of him was having trouble remembering that (definitely not the part that perked up in the shower earlier, no way Jose). Sam would say that it didn't matter that gender didn't always come into play with love. But Dean wasn't like that something his Dad had made perfectly clear.
"Ah, if I might interject." both brothers jumped at the voice turning to find Balthazar had joined them leading them to speak at the same time.
Shopping is the worst!
"Heaven Sent." the look on his face is confirmation Dean has no clue what he's talking about. "It's the bakery, where I got the pie."
"Oh, shit, must have left it in my room when I got my jacket," informed Charlie before getting very closely acquainted with her fries.
Dean sat down after Cas was seated, his timing perfect as the french doors opened to reveal Ellen holding two plates with bacon cheeseburgers and sweet potato fries.
“Thanks Samheart,” Meg rolled her eyes before grabbing a box gladly picking something for herself this wasn’t the time to refuse a free pastry.
"What! Charlie of course not. We just talked." Dean could hear groaning on the line but didn't take it to heart knowing Charlie was only mocking him.
"Yeah, it'll be funny."
"Cas!" he shouted.
"Daddy said you had a crush when you brought those pies home." Henry wanted to help only crushes were icky, though he really wanted his Dad to be with Cas because Cas was awesome. Perhaps if Sam got together with Gabriel he could get more pie and other sweet treats.
"Excellent idea, Samsquatch," smiled Gabriel grabbing the box, "We'll leave you two to talk," he added with a wink.
"Of course and ring your brother." Dean nods waiting until she leaves before moving Cas toward his chair. He hasn't said anything for a few minutes, probably due to shock.
Shaking his head Dean replied after accepting the controller from Kevin, "My third, I'm trying to build a tolerance, but this one's giving me a buzz." he flashed a grin while selecting Luigi as Kevin chose Toad.
"Gabe!" moaned Sam his hips jerking as Gabriel sucked a very sensitive spot on his neck. At once Gabriel pulled back to kiss him, this time longer and sweeter than the last, before letting go.
"He's a chef, his place is all superfoods and reduced sugar not a bacon cheeseburger in sight."
"They're perfect," Sam got up next to grab his gift for Gabriel,
"Whatever has had your panties in a twist the whole night." Dean feeling lighter waggled his eyebrows at his brother. "Do me a favor and don't speak that thought into existence, I don't need firsthand knowledge of any kinks."
"Turn around and put your hands behind your back, slowly." directed Hanscum in a far colder voice Dean had expected.
Without words he was soon ensconced in the dark janitor's cupboard, the light flickering on to reveal Gabriel stood in front of the door looking fiery and oh so hot. No way was Sam getting out of this, it was all Dean's fault.
"That's a great idea Dean," announces Sam before turning to Cas."You really should let him Cas, it's no trouble. I can take these rebels to the pizza place and call Inias' parents." Sam smiled at them like butter wouldn't melt.
"What's holding you back?" asks Bobby his eyes filled with concern.
"It's Christmas, Samclaus, mine and Cassie's first among humans,"
"I should be strong, a friend said I was too big to be a bottom, that I would be depriving real bottoms of my endowment," embarrassed Sam coved his face with his hand,  he'd never told that to anyone, the guy in question quickly became an ex-friend.
"Oh, is he okay?" Dean was worried, his brother wore his heart on his sleeve, always had.
"I know you are and I think about it too,"
* * *
"I assume this is from you since I doubt anyone else knows my name. Or at least no-one I'd want to spend time with anyway." Oh God, that sounded like flirting. He thought so anyway, was gay flirting different to straight flirting? Dean had no clue.
"Daddy, finally. I want to open Cas' gift but Uncle Sam said I had to wait." Henry shouted Dean had expected him to be a little tired by this point. Obviously, birthday excitement meant boundless energy.
"You haven't been back at all?" asked Dean breathing a sigh of relief. Cas didn't answer but maybe it was answer enough so he decided to confide, "We haven't either." Dean hated that he shared this experience with Cas, of course, he wouldn't change what he had done only he wished none of it had happened, that they could both share a nicer memory. Hopefully all going well, today would see to that.
"I thought I heard something." then a second later, "Dean, I think someone's trying to get in." Cas' voice was laced with fear, he sounded terrified and what followed was the unmistakable sound of breaking glass.
"Perhaps that I'm trying to work while you chatter excessively."
"Kid, its called love,"
Oh, right, in his hand is a pair of lacy lilac panties. It shouldn't be a surprise he hadn't forgotten exactly more put them out of his mind.
"What can I do?" asks Henry his face covered in chocolate that is more adorable than it should be.
"No Dean, please just leave it."
"No worries, I'll be there once I defeat all here," said Gabriel followed by a loud squeal and the line going dead.
"Thank you, Dean, I'll try it at breakfast tomorrow," said Cas coming over to kiss his cheek, Dean was all of the sudden doing the math he was on the only one without a gift so far which means, "Gabriel,"
"Hey Bud, we may not be able to stay long okay, Cas is going to be busy." Dean met his son's eyes in the review mirror a look of disappointment clear to see. His school trip was a to a nature reserve meaning he had a load of photos he was desperate to share. Because Cas would enjoy it more, according to Henry.
"Hey Egg, you hungry?" what the hell, could he really score another bag of Cheetos? No, it was time to be serious and help his Uncle Sam as his Daddy would.
"I take it you want a slice now?" asked Cas teasingly.
"Right, anyway these live for over two years." he finished getting back on track, pointing to the first group of red, pink, and yellow plants. "The second ones are the evergreen shrubs for Winter," it was a mostly green pile along with what Dean recognized to be lavender. "Lastly the annuals these are all year." Henry finished pointing out the last group of purple, yellow, pink and some weird fluffy white flowers. Dean was sure the garden would look really good once it was done.
Can you pick me up when I finish?
"Dean, how much meat do you need?" screamed Sam looking horrified at the towering pile.
"Cas got a gift today," Gabriel spoke his voice bringing Sam back to the here and now, once the words registered Sam's body drew tense. "It's okay Sammy, I won't ask you to tell me. I know keeping a promise to Dean means a lot to you."
"Me too," you know if you're still talking to me, luckily he didn't add that part.
"So what's the second?" he asks intrigued.
Once outside they mourned the loss of air-conditioning and were instantly hit by the high Sioux Falls sun, Cas had been smart enough to put some bottled water in the car, granted it would probably be warm but still wet at least.
From Gabriel: Yo Bro, place to yourself now answer the goddamn door!
"It's nice to meet you, Charlie, I enjoyed those pictures you took of everyone for Henry with the cactus," he tells her and Charlie looks at him and Dean and he knows whatever she's about to say will be inappropriate so he gets in first.
"Yo Dean, Cas is here," calls Sam from the living room while Dean hurries to tidy the chaos of torn birthday paper. Birthday boy Henry is too engrossed in his new X-Box game to either help or pay attention to his Uncle.
Wild black hair, eyes so blue and a good body a far as Dean could tell. Why did this have to happen now?
"That's great I'd love to see everything," wait, what?
The kitchen is bigger, brighter with all the mod cons, Dean literally only has enough room to swing a cat. The sound of chopping gets his attention, turning to find Cas behind the worktop with an array of vegetables.
"You just did,"
Sorry it took so long but I couldn't decide what to put in the box or if it should be open at all. Probably only one full chapter left and then a little one. Also this chapter mentions Benny, he's been here the whole time just not in the written sense.
While they'd been together for a couple of months Sam didn't feel ready for the heavier stuff yet. Gabriel was always conscious of it, even making Sam slow down when he got carried away.
"Looks like he's going in for the kill," commented Victor.
"Unsurprisingly no, it's best to work out where you want everything to be first for optimal growth and to make sure your happy with how it looks," Cas informed. His tone loaded with sass at Dean, not that he was annoyed, far from it. This was proof that Cas was comfortable with them - though he was in his element - ever since he'd learn about his anxieties it was a concern for Dean.
"Dean, do you realize where Gabriel went?" running his eyes around the room Dean had no clue having left Charlie in the kitchen fixing herself a sundae.
Bobby passes Dean a cold beer, he'd come around with a pizza to check on him, in no way to avoid Cas.
"What time did you say they'd be here?" Dean turned to find Sam laid back on the sofa, the picture of relaxation. Currently, he wasn't exhibiting any signs of running but Dean had to be prepared, oh he would pounce if need be.
"I don't believe that for a second but I'll let it go for pizza," he teased watched the three breathe a sigh of relief, Gabriel moving to take the place next to him.
This chapter was meant to be from Cas' POV, where you saw parts of his life (being kicked out and meeting Henry and the story behind what happened last chapter). I tried, multiple times but I just couldn't get it to flow. I hope you enjoy this anyway.
Neither had spoken though Dean had sent an emergency text to Sam.
Cas looks up from his work to meet his brother's eyes, "What look?"
Sharing a look with Cas he nodded his eyebrows lifting, before digging his phone out of his pocket, "Ah,"
Dean laughed, "I don't think you'll like the answer," he answered watching Cas until it clicked.
"What about something for his car," asked Charlie all sweetness and smiles. God, did she just butter him up with a donut? It was no secret that Dean hated Cas' car it was a 1978 Lincoln Continental or a fucking pimpmobile as Dean had taken to calling it. "It sure would mean a lot, Dean."
“Oops, sorry but I needed to show you something,”
"Henry there's always more, this is not a one dessert household,"
"At the end, besides I got word all the parts for your pimpmobile are in, so when are you free to fix it up?"
"But what if it goes to hell, we live in the same building it'll be awkward and stuff." moans Dean.
"Shut up! Anyway, I stayed in my old room and I guess it made me feel proud, you know now that I'm living on my own and I'm still in one piece. So I promised myself I'd ask Cas out on a real date because it's what I want, he's what I want."
"Uh, don't remind me." groaned Castiel, eleven o'clock felt far out of reach.
At that moment, Sam caught Cas' eyes, he knew they were thinking the exact same thing: That now was the time both Dean and Gabriel chose to be so respectful of each other, though truly if anything was going to do it it would be Sam or perhaps maybe him.
His crush was already way out of control, if he believed this was Dean wouldn't he be setting himself up for more hurt. Cas shook his head hoping to rid himself of these thoughts knowing it wouldn't help in the long run, Gabriel would just tell him to shut up and enjoy it.
Yet it had been effortless, his friendship with Cas was easy the guy was awesome and Henry did love him, Dean quickly told her so. "Exactly if friendship is this good imagine what more could be like." she told him making him feel as if he'd been caught in her web.
"What, God no Cas, it's nothing I haven't done myself. Remember I told you Sam and I were pretty into it when we were teenagers, there's always a line though." mainly that Baby couldn't get touched and neither could Sam's hair stuff.
“It's just he’s Mr Prank Extraordinaire but this is something that could be a job! Dude you could go to MIT,”
"Guys, what are you talking about?" asked Sam.
Having finished the bag, Henry stopped himself from reaching for the TV control and since his homework could definitely wait, he wondered how he could help his Uncle.  He'd heard mention of the name Gabriel, Cas' brother, the man was a baking master and Henry still hadn't met him or visited his bakery.
"It just happened, I was picking up Sam and I wanted your Dad to like me and I could see him struggling so I helped. I just wanted him to see a side he hadn’t heard about, he found me more work with his friends, Bobby for one. They don’t mind paying so they have more time at home, especially when they don’t get any joy out of it.”
"He was an absolute treasure, we've finished for the day. Everyone is picking out a plant for the project. Having the kids look after a plant, using what we've learned today." she smiled.
"So any more secret gifts?" asked Balthazar, Cas rolled his eyes both glad and annoyed by his friend's presence. It was Friday night and like always Castiel was working the graveyard shift at the petrol station.
* * *
"Of course, my Queen," answered Dean firing up the waffle maker.
"Dean, maybe you just took him by surprise or he was trying to hold himself back. You should talk to him."
* * *
"Marriage on the cards then?"
"Oh God, yes. Have you accepted please say yes Kevin, I'll do anything I'll give you access to the good biscuits." she pleads her hands entwined as if she's praying.
Taking a breath Dean reached of his cell, "Dean, what's up?" Charlie asked.
Feeling the familiar buzz in his stomach, Dean took a moment to himself. The buzz was nothing new only the intensity was growing, he really wanted to kiss Cas aided somewhat by the man's (very tight) jeans. Moving again Dean entered the large bathroom, the floor was a black and white checkerboard tile with teal walls, surprisingly it worked.
"I may not be here, Henry I need to leave once the delivery arrives." Henry nodded mirroring Cas' earlier disappointment, well wasn't that interesting thought Sam.
"Dean, he's being discreet," explains Cas turning to look at him.
Dean really needed a coffee, he'd started work this morning at six and was finally finished. His normal stop for caffeine was just too far away, choosing instead to enter the first place he found. Not once stopping to check out the name of the place since he was too busy worrying over there coffee to foam ratio.
Dean still remembers the night Sam had come into his room a few months after moving in with Bobby. The kid had been beside himself, his face wet with tears and desperate to apologize to Dean about the fact he liked both boys and girls.
Dean gasped in surprise, realizing his cock was half hard. Panic set loose in his stomach and mind. What the fuck? Wanting nothing more than to get rid, he moved quickly turning the shower to cold, yelping a little when the cool water hit his body. Once his problem had calmed down he got out of the shower his mind racing. Doing the best to reassure himself that it had nothing to with his thoughts of Cas, more likely was the fact he hadn't had much time to himself lately to take care of things down there.
"He's sorry for kissing you." Dean turns to stare daggers at this stranger for talking about his troubles so freely, only to find Cas doing it for him. "Why don't I leave you two alone," he suggests moving to grab a suitcase Dean hadn't noticed.
Pasta deserved meat.
"Of course, let me ring his parents and check with them okay?" he smiles as the boys high-five each other.
Cas smiled, "I'd like that very much,"
"Pie and a car, normally you'd be skipping by now,"
"I might have," replied Sam blushing slightly at finding himself at the mercy of their gaze.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Doable, right we'll need cases and pretty much everything Sam just put away," Henry burst into laughter pointing at Sam while he did so. Gabriel felt his heart flutter, the laughter made him feel light, in fact, the whole day had.
* * *
"Which one's he?" at Cas' question several things happened: Charlie made some weird animal noise, there was an audible groan from the others except Kevin and even Dean couldn't stop his eyebrows meeting his hairline. Cas didn't know Star Wars. "Did I say something wrong?"
"Nothing, should I be worried?"
"Well it sounds excellent to me, it could lead to a kids club maybe." Cas nods at him happily, before passing Henry his backpack. "So how did you get on?" Cas asks as Henry digs through he bag.
"I'm sorry Dean, that couldn't have been easy." Cas surmised.
"Of course Henry, Sam." he held out his hand for Sam then gave Henry a high five, something gave Sam the distinct impression he'd been practicing. "Say hello to Dean for me," he added Henry saluting him.
Weirder still, they both had first period free.
"I did Dean, we'll head off in search of adventure. You can call me when you're done," he suggests. Dean nods his agreement bending down to give a quick kiss to Henry before driving off in the Impala.
"I'm heading over to queue for James Novak, he hardly ever does anything like this so I want to get there early."
"Yep, his parents are meeting us there and picking him up after."
"Oh wow," reaching for it Dean took a sip not knowing what to expect, "Guys, its apple it's really good. Charlie, what did you get?"
* * *
* * *
"Sammy, I've got everything I need for Cas, wanna see?" plonking his bags down on the coffee table Dean took the chair opposite the couch, only for Sam to jump up again quicker than the first time.
"What's up, Boss? Ooh is this the fresh meat?" she asked looking at Cas and Kevin.
"You know that really doesn't describe telling someone outright," added Gabriel.
Following them into the house Dean pulled the door shut as Gabriel pulled Cas up the stairs, without instructions or enough knowledge of the house Dean felt it wrong to park himself on the couch, could he locate it in the first place.
* * *
Lunch was another let down and perhaps a little like relief, only because fifty minutes felt like a lot of pressure to be around Cas especially if the no school rule was still ongoing.
Did you tell Cas?
"It's very pretty, and I like the name, Shasta," Henry repeats it trying it out. Sam can't help but watch him, he looks so happy. It makes him proud that Henry isn't a typical six-year-old, that he already knows to appreciate the simpler things.
"I like the sound of him already, tell me is he a bear?"
On second thought, Gabriel deserved it, Dean was done, this half glare was about to become full on.
"Of course Cas, what do we need to do?" Dean was met with a worrying silence, "How big is the problem?"
"Good?" interrupted Sam, his own slice still whole. How did Sam, a scarily healthy person gain access to such pie?
"Traitors, the both you." Dean says it because its expected, the words feel hollow completely lacking jollity. The whole suggestion makes him want to throw or hit something.
"Hell no Sammy," typical Dean.
"Gran liked plants didn't she Dad? Can he know plants that way?" Dean is so thrown by the mention of his mother, he doesn't hear Castiel's reply. Henry's right, his Mom did love the garden. It's easily seen in the handful of pictures he has of her, she'd hate how his own garden has seen better days.
"That's cool man, Bobby kind of did the same for me. I fix cars sure, but I also restore classic cars. Is your Grandad still around?" Dean knew the answer from the look Cas gave him, he looked sad. "I'm sorry, I always find a way to put my foot in it." he apologized, he hated seeing that look on Cas' face.
Having been his normal nosy self on the flight Gabriel had learned Sam was coming to Vegas specifically for this as part of his Birthday, keeping quiet about the fact that Cassie was Sam's favorite author had been hard work.
"But this is real, I don't want to screw things up."
"Yeah?" hot with a great voice, beautiful eyes and a love for cars. Cas was the perfect crush. Not forgetting his manners Dean finally took Cas' outstretched hand, it felt smooth and strong, Dean definitely didn't want to let go.
He made sure to get everyone watching out for Alfie too, especially when the kid confessed he was basically blackmailed into giving Castiel the gift. Luckily he was smart since the culprits never told him specifically when to give it to Cas and had since found kinship with Kevin and perhaps more with Benny.
"Come on, let's go," said Dean choosing to stomp off mildly.
"Oh Anna, she's so lovely, Gabriel and I would love to catch up sometime," mentioned Cas.
"Okay, well this is my brother Sam, Sam this is Cas." Sam was nice enough to get up and shake hands along with all the other introductory stuff that first meetings deemed polite until Cas asks:
"Yep, goes on like your some kind of miracle worker." Bobby is sporting a fond smile showing he doesn't really mind. "How come you're hanging out with this eejit?" he asks motioning to Dean.
The drive is quiet, peppered only with Cas' directions. Dean isn't really sure what he expected from Cas' home but it's both surprising and apt. It's a little out of town and big.
The sight made Dean feel weird, really weird. All they were doing was talking, no, now Cas was laughing turning Dean's grip on the tray of pies to an iron one. He didn't want to be possessive of Cas or anything he wasn't
* * *
* * *
First the pie and now this, something was so going on with Sam. Dean was starting to suspect this crush was serious.
"Yeah?"
"He's called Castiel Novak."
"It was Dean,"
"Feel like we've bitten off more than we can chew?" asked Dean.
"You take me out on a date." Alfie asked loud enough that silence fell once again Meg was the exception.
When Cas and Meg were in pancake heaven he went in for the kill, “Meg, why did you start hanging out with them? It felt so abrupt only it wasn't, not really, something must have happened.”
"Right, yeah I went early to meet him, I had no idea, it's kind of weird how I've wanted to meet him for ages and did twice over a weekend," said Sam grinning happily, phew.
"Cas, that's horrible, but no that's definitely not part of the plan today." smiled Dean, his free hand going to his neck. "You don't have to close your eyes if it makes you feel safer."
"Let's look for something to watch." phew crisis avoided, it was probably best to let it well alone and ignore it. Flicking through the channels Dean stops on an all too familiar Doctor.
"Benny fire these burgers up for me," Dean offers him the cooler only to be met with gestures to pass it along to Victor once he does Dean occupies himself by looking for a solution.
"You do his accounts, what does he do?"
"I'm here!" greeted Cas a little loudly approaching from the other side, it was enough to make Dean jump a little.
"Um, two but each time I receive more than one thing. Once the person reveals themselves I'm going to have to do something back." announced Cas hoping he would come up with something half as good.
Fucking Christ that asshole was trying to lick him, Dean felt his stomach turn at the sight.
"Sam, I do not want to know about anything like that, ever. I'll just show Mom and maybe Dad." Dean shrugged off the cold shiver fighting it's way up his body, fucking Gabriel.
"Umm... Dean that.." Cas began probably something like
Dean could totally handle this, Cas had been here plenty of times hell he'd even attended the official meet and greet Gabriel had with their parents when he and Sam became a thing. They'd even been tipsy together on past sleepovers since his parents were okay with them drinking at home.
"Let us," offered Sam, Gabriel nodded finally releasing Cas to sit down. Dean wished he could reassure Cas but he couldn't think of anything clever to say, Dean was beyond freaked out at how quiet he was being.
Right, well he was certain spies had to be demure to (certainly it wasn't the way of a movie star) let phase two of his training commence! Once he was close enough Gabriel opted to cough lightly rather than scream Sam's name.
"Of course Dean, I'd like that." Cas smiled at him once again, before turning back to look at the darkening sky.
"Ah, Mr Novak, I've been waiting for you." Cas turned around to find the librarian Ms Moseley looking at him with a glint in her eye, she looked really happy to see him.
"You win," he screamed breathing heavily as Sam retreated his eyes looking so fondly at Gabriel it made him blush. "Why don't you grab a shower and I'll wrangle Cassie." suggested Gabriel not moving a muscle since he wanted to leer at his ridiculous boyfriend only Sam didn't move either, the bastard, "Sammy," he whined.
"Sammy! I meant me," claimed Gabriel.
Checking his cell he finds a Twitter notification, he sort of had a Twitter friendship with the lady in question, the message read:
Ignoring the twinge of pain that certain name awoke Dean sat down, "And?" he said reaching for the water.
It's not long before his phone trills with a text message from Dean:
"For the books, Brother," laughed Benny tapping his shoulder.
"Okay, let's move on, so today we thought we could start with decorations," said Sam,
Henry helps Sam in his plans to woo a certain baker and Cas opens up to Dean.
"Did you like it?
"Please thank you, Michael. I'm sure Gabriel will love to see you." smiled Cas.
"No, they're probably just baking, Gabriel can get very into the zone, I think it's the only thing that makes him switch off." Cas finished stopping in his steps when he felt Dean tense beside him, following the other man's gaze he noticed the cause, two guys were stood by Baby.
"Yeah, he's gone to help them because your Daddy is brave, okay." Henry nods doing his best not to cry, he wants his Daddy to be okay but he's scared. So he does the next best thing clutching to Sam. "I've got you, Egg, we'll get through this together."
good, the scent of deep woods and orange fill his nose, zinging all through his body.
"Cas, close your eyes."
"I'd like too, yes." Dean steps aside allowing Cas to enter the apartment.
A lot was riding on this, to some pie was no more than a treat. For Dean it was special being something he shared with Henry and his Mom. He knew Sam wouldn't be so cruel as to tell him the wrong place, only what if he'd built that pie of wonder up in his head to unobtainable heights.
"Okay, whatever it is Dean it won't change my opinion of you." wow Cas already had an opinion, Dean felt unsure if he wanted to hear it or not.
"Come on, you know my track record with relationships, I can't mess this up with Cas he's too important to me and Henry." God wasn't that obvious?
" chips in Sam.
"My friend Charlie set up a website, the address is on the card," answered Dean equaling the stare.
About a week after Henry's school trip, Dean didn't know who was pissing him off more. Henry with his constant obsession over his plant (at first it was cute) or Sam with his constant smirking and teasing.
"Sam this is - "attempted Dean once Sam gave his attention only to get cut off.
"Uh, can I leave early, well now I mean now."
"Uh, yeah guess my mind has gone to soup,"
"Is that why you called? Henry's birthday?" Cas asked once they were comfortable, menus untouched as they waited for their burgers. Dean wanted to answer but was struck dumb since finding himself the focus of Cas' eyes. Of course, they'd taken opposite seats, anything else would have been weird. But how could he interact under the gaze of those eyes?
Moving in had been hard enough that he hadn't factored a crush into the equation, he'd walked into the building with his last box and Baby safe in her parking spot. When he noticed a man looking through his mail, he was around the same height as himself with messy black hair.
From @TriforceRed
"Sam, how could you? Look at how upset he is." okay so using his kid as a form of blackmail was terrible parenting, only he doubted Henry would care if it lead to more new and exciting pies. Sometimes you had to do what you had to.
“Trust me Jo, he can’t be knocked off the throne of little kid worship,” joked Dean on reaching the others, “Thanks for doing the School run,” added Dean taking hold of Henry’s backpack.
He thinks so, he may have always been rushing but did anyone ever stop him? Sometimes he thinks he'd like someone to take their time, to love him.
Uh oh, Henry looks up at Sam to find his serious face, meaning they weren't going anywhere fast because words had to be spoken. "Sammy, we need to get going." he tried doing his best puppy-eyed look it wouldn't work of course Uncle Sam had invented that look at least according to his Dad.
"Okay, I'll bring something to cheer Cas up and a hug." Dean felt his heart tug and his eyes water a little.
"Baby, whoever said such a thing?" asked Gabriel wanting to smite whoever had hurt his boy.
Bursting through the door he found the man had Cas up against the wall, one hand holding the gardener in place at his hip, the other arm across his chest. Cas was obviously trying to get free his head down in attempt to block access to his neck.
"Hello, do you have something for me to sign?" she asked smiling, shit he hadn't even thought ahead and gotten his comic ready, thinking quickly he decided on a question.
Smiling Cas nodded, "Yeah, but not like you."
That was odd, his brother knew his schedule better than he did and only called when during his free times. Currently, Sam should be in a lecture. "Hey Dean," he answered lying back down.
He called every week, more since Dean had finally felt ready to move out of Bobby's. Growing up Dean had taken care of Sam, while John lost himself in whiskey, spinning a web of vicious words at Dean, tying him into knots.
"Keep telling yourself that," he joked as a call announced they would be boarding in fifteen minutes.
"I should be getting back to Gabriel he'll want a report about Sam." Dean really didn't want him to go, though he'd rather have him far away from Benny's seductive accent.
Mother fucker! He did that on purpose if there was any justice in the world it would have been sold by now. Gabriel was unendingly playful Dean didn't understand how Sam coped.
"Yes you can, I've given Mary the heads up, I've got two packs of that trail mix you love and tickets to that nature documentary." Dean watched as a huge smile made itself clear on Sam's face, at times he may not like Gabriel and him and Sam were like chalk and cheese but he was grateful how much he understood his brother. It was good to see because Sammy deserved it.
"Cas, would you like to come with me to the butcher's and then to pick out a tree?"
"You can cook!" it comes out like an accusation which is certainly not meant. Only the way Cas reacted to his food made him feel good, and it always brought Cas back to him.
Once finished Castiel flipped to the last page, often there was something on the inside of the cover. He wasn't wrong only he hadn't been expecting a gift tag similar to the previous one only this time with bees instead of dots.
"Sam?"
"Dean asked me to deliver this to you," she said skipping the pleasantries, holding out an oblong shaped gift sporting the same familiar black flower paper and tag. "And I wanted to talk so I could explain everything,"
Thanks, Cas, I really needed that." Cas smiled walking away to his station, currently, he was working with clay on a huge angel sculpture, figuring he could draw a celestial being Dean selected a black pencil for wings.
His eyes come to meet the man's behind the counter his earlier assessment was right the guy was short, his hair a golden color, eyes much the same carrying a look of mischief. He was wearing a navy apron with gold writing telling all he was 'Archangel of the Kitchen'.
Safe in the knowledge, Gabriel would be with him and Cas and Dean were heading to the cinema for a double bill of Star Wars and a Christmas Movie, Sam took Gabriel's hand.
"Why thank you, Sam," Dean snapped his head up to find his brother passing along his large spiral bound book to Charlie.
They were sort of at an impasse, he never noticed at first but every few days after her coming over he found something new. Not wanting to encourage her by mouthing off rather choosing to ignore it (the unicorn, however, had gone straight to Goodwill). "Uh, Sammy I've got to go," says Dean moving to gather everything up (Cushion, literal flag, magnets, pens) which would be easier with two hands.
"No, I just got off work  ... but I'm just going to leave," he said not wanting to act weird in front of his crush, especially when he was becoming comfortable around the guy. His blush was becoming less and less even though Cas was just as hot.
"Before she uh... left, she told me Angels were watching over me and Sammy keeping us safe. The plant reminded her of that, we had one back in Kansas."
"I need to get these over to Benny, you guys okay to mingle?" he asks knowing it's a risk but at least he won't be there to hear anything.
"I'm trying to figure out his favorite dessert so I can make it and I'm buying him a gift. Could you
"Yep, the day he walked up to Cas with all that boundless enthusiasm, bonding over what I imagine to be the discovery channel and dead languages. Everyone knows not to touch Sam, so anything Sam likes is safe by association because you're all uber scary when it comes to Sam, apparently," she said rolling her eyes.
* * *
Having gotten completely distracted from texting Cas due to listening to Benny and Alfie talk about their first date again. More so he couldn't stop looking at them, filled with a longing to have Cas in his arms, how Alfie was constantly in Benny's.
They'd parted, Dean having refrained from food for three hours before the flight felt like is stomach was eating his body. He'd quickly dragged Sam to the first place they found open, neither had mentioned the flight or the brothers. Of course, Sam didn't need to since Dean could tell how smitten he was already, Gabriel was his brother's type to the maximum.
"I'm serious, you could be having all kinds of sexy fun with anyone rather than showing Dean the ropes and dealing with his trauma. If he's as cute as you say some other guy will be sniffing around soon enough. My advice bro, stay clear and get sexed!" Cas answered with a growl, Dean was his the thought of anyone else showing Dean the ropes had his blood boiling.
"He was right only its more than that now."
Truthfully he had loads, but he hadn't told her that. Sure he loved to draw but it was just a hobby, his father had said even worse things. From then on they had regular twitter exchanges especially after realizing they shared a love for most fandoms with a lot of the same opinions.
Yeah, it was so adorable.
"Hey Sam," he started forcing himself to stick with Sam, "Look I'm really sorry okay, you can tell Gabriel everything."
"Dean, this is the best burger I've ever had. Thank you for bringing me here." Cas was looking at him with delight in his eyes, could that be possible? He hadn't really done anything that amazing. But maybe to Cas, he had if his issues or whatever wouldn't normally bring him to a place like this. Then perhaps Dean had given him something special.
"Dean! You're here." The shock in Cas' voice is like a stab through Dean, did Cas really believe Dean would let him face the bad alone. Cas looks so scared, his face streaked with tears, his whole body shaking.
Well here goes, "Yeah, I have a date, with um Cas," Dean felt under prepared for the table to break out in frantic applause and loud screams.
They had left Hive under a cloud, leaving Benny and Victor to secure the door. Their faces were evident with worry but were kind enough not to ask questions. Driving in Baby with Cas to the police station had been stifling, with Dean biting his tongue to stop seeking his own answers while Cas held his hand tightly as tears fell down his cheeks.
"Your secret is safe with me, I guess I owe you an explanation,"
Maybe he could cut, no doubt he could convince Lisa to tag along, only he and Lisa weren't really a thing anymore. He didn't know when it had happened, they used to be so hot and heavy. Now he just felt bored toward the whole thing, and no other girl was currently on his radar.
"Cool, we're here mainly for Pringles anyway," Kevin told him coming over to the counter as Charlie went to stock up. "Ohh, great book, I love Sherlock." Cas smiled as Kevin flicked through to Cas' bookmark soon snickering to himself.
"Thanks, guys," Dean was going for that peach one as soon as he finished the best burger of his life.
"No, something well anything but that." Clarified Dean.
Castiel looks at him, really looks at him. Causing Dean to feel he's under a microscope. It feels like an age until he breaks his gaze, swooping down to Henry's level. "We'll search together, plants are for everyone and I like to think we all have a connection to them. Even if we don't know it, perhaps you could share everything you learned today with your Dad." Castiel encourages.
"Ah, sorry Jo school trip, I'll bring him over when he gets back," he promises.
"Poof it back! We're not third rate magicians at some kid's birthday party, honestly, you talk as if we have no finesse."
Dean kept on kissing allowing Cas' tongue into his mouth wondering why he'd waited so long.
"My spoiled little Daddy's girl life shattered is all,"
"I was working on Baby and Cas just came up and we talked!" so perhaps it wasn't the juiciest slices of gossip but for Dean it was huge.
Dean repeated it to Sam who responded, "Okay, I'm on my way, don't move," hmm, mysterious.
"I can understand that it seems we both have stories for another time." Dean's eyes met Cas' closely, this wasn't the first time Cas had alluded to his past it made Dean wonder how bad it had been.
"I'm not in till the afternoon, you need something Sammy?" he used to rally against that name so much but now he understands it's not a way for Dean to put him down or remind him he's the little brother. It's how Dean show he cares.
"Ew, gross." Henry grimaces over dramatically sticking his tongue out like he can taste something bad.
“Both,” yeah that figured.
"Yeah Cas, that I can do,"
"What?"
"Hey Henry." he called.
"Maybe we misjudged the calendar," wondered Cas.
"Dean, that was really sweet of you."
"Please, you would have dragged your feet even more than normal, just to make me late."
He allowed his mind to go back to the flight and Cas, the guy was certainly a little weird in how he talked and seemed the complete polar opposite of his brother. Dean woke to the announcement of their descent remembering everything and feeling too scared to talk in case the pill was still in action. He was awake enough to notice Cas looking at him happily, and Sam and Gabriel still deep in conversation.
Shaking the image away so not to get ahead of himself he rubbed his eyes before looking at Sam, "I really like him,"
Cas smiled unable to stop himself, the effort going into this wooing was beyond anything he thought he deserved. It was certainly making him feel good, he felt boosted in fact, this was the perfect time to cheer him up since he hated this shift much preferring his Sunday afternoons.
"Well what did he say?" asked Benny sounding desperate, this was no surprise the man always became a live wire whenever someone caught his interest.
