"Don't..." he murmured with an odd mixture of anger and pain. "Please... don't." He took a deep breath before looking up at John again. His voice had taken on a hard, metallic echo. "I won't kiss you, and in return you don't try and flatter me. There's absolutely no need for that. You don't need to
How was it even possible that the fulfilling of his deepest, most secret desire – a life with John – bore with it the underlying threat of his worst nightmare – being found by the one person he couldn't afford to be found by?
Sherlock enjoyed every single stroke to the utmost. With every pass, John rubbed across his prostate in the most delicious way, stimulating it, winding him up to the most dizzying heights and not giving him a moment's rest.
"What kind of fish?" he pressed.
"That can't be all. I can't see any pattern! Something must have happened before!" Sherlock exclaimed so abruptly that Mike started.
"There! Do that again! Oh God! Quickly!"
And then something unexpected happened. Mycroft Holmes laughed. Little laugh lines crinkled the corners of his eyes, and his eyes flashed with amusement. An overall very appealing look.
"Yeah, yeah... I hear it..." Mike mumbled, still half asleep as he tried to open his eyes. It was no use. The all-nighter at the customs office was three days ago now, but he was still feeling the effects and it had thrown his sleep schedule completely off.
"Yes, well, menus can change."
Therapist?
The strokes that John now distributed clearly had the sole purpose of arousing Sherlock. They weren't any less strong or less painful, but the intent behind each one was completely different, and the difference didn't escape Sherlock for one second. There were pauses. Pauses for Sherlock to savour the agony, work through the pain and enjoy it. The blows no longer came down willy-nilly, but were well-aimed and placed with care. John's skill with the riding crop was unequalled and had never been shown to better advantage than right at that moment.
Almost all the gravesites they passed were adorned in some manner or other. Some had been planted with evergreens and had lights installed, others had planters filled with flower arrangements on top, and still others were decorated with bouquets.
The headstones in this part of the cemetery were old, and John realised - even without knowing the precise directions Sherlock had received - that they weren't going to find the grave they were looking for here.
"DI Dimmock..."
“Yes, we must,” John returned tersely.
All of a sudden, John recalled with perfect clarity that day in Irene Adler's house when he'd pointed his gun at Sherlock. Sherlock had told him to shoot then too. And Sherlock hadn't shown any fear back then either. But John hadn't been able to pull the trigger.
John closed his eyes. How was he ever supposed to emerge from this situation intact? Albright was going to mutiny as soon as word got to him... and John couldn't even blame him.
An aggravated sigh sounded. "Everyone wants to get straight down to business," Moriarty complained. "No one appreciates the fine art of conversation anymore or places any value on a cultivated dialogue. All right. Fine. What do I want? I want to take over your organisation."
"What?" Sherlock sounded confused.
John let out a short, light chuckle. "What am I supposed to do now? Prove it to you? Should I make Sherlock sit up and beg so you can see he toes the line with me?"
"Hey! Where are you..."
“Upstairs...”
Later... after Sherlock had licked his own semen from John's fingers and John had pulled his trousers back up and was busy undoing Sherlock's bindings ... John bent over and whispered to him, "I don't want you to put so much pressure on yourself. Got it?" He waited for Sherlock's nod, then pressed his lips against Sherlock's mouth in a firm kiss.
"So you found out how I earn my money," he responded as calmly as possible.
"Get up," he said, smiling in an encouraging way. "Your punishment is over. Let's move on to your reward."
Beside a trail that ran parallel to the back side of the cemetery, up on a small rise, stood a dark, non-descript car. The window on the driver's side was open, and a man sat in the driver's seat with a pair of binoculars, which he hastily hid behind his seat when the sounds of an engine approaching became audible and a motorcycle came into sight.
John hesitated before saying, "Not really, no." But that was only half the truth. The truth was more that he didn't want to talk about it. Never again.
written on the back, like a return address?"
A doubtful smirk crinkled Sherlock's lips. "You can't be serious, Mike. You want to know if he
Jim Moriarty had taken cover a short distance away from the buffet table after setting off the bomb with his smart phone. Sebastian Moran had already left the hall and was waiting outside with the car they'd left parked in a side street a couple of days ago. The catering company van they'd arrived in would simply be left in the delivery zone. In the perfect position to block any ambulances and police vehicles from gaining access.
I had this backstory for Violet Sigerson in my head (it never saw the light of day, but anyway…) that she was of Scandinavian origin. And – according to wiki “Ginger nuts” are very popular in Scandinavia.
After a salacious glance between Sherlock's legs, John shook his head in mock concern.
When Mycroft arrived at his office a short while later and stepped into the reception area, he took note of the reddened eyes and increased percentage of black in his secretary's attire (he hadn't seen her yet that day as he'd been at an appointment with the Ministry of the Interior since early that morning, right up to his meeting with Greg), but based on the old-fashioned locket that suddenly hung around her neck, he deduced the death of an aunt and didn't inquire any further. He just hoped Miss Morstan wouldn't want a day off for the funeral... he'd never had such a hard-working secretary in his entire career, and it would be difficult to do without her just now.
"John... please... I can't anymore... there's nothing more coming... I... aaaahhh..."
Sherlock gave John a closer look. John only licked his lips for two reasons: he was either randy or nervous. Why should John be nervous? Was it possible that he was really unnerved and wanted to know whether Sherlock would feel at home here? The reticence that Sherlock had demonstrated for most of the day melted a bit. With determination, he swallowed down all of the little - and big - disappointments he'd experienced today and gave John a smile.
John snorted in contempt. "If you think I'd be caught dead with a Pink Lady..."
"Relax. And don't forget to breathe," John advised him in a low, soothing voice. "I'm not going to hurt you on purpose."
Jack sniffed loudly. "Lucky thing Moran introduced us to the boss. This way we're the first ones who..."
Secretly, John took a deep, measured breath. His mob cohorts didn't care about his sex life as long as they were afraid of him and he was successful. Just that long, and not one second more. But he'd have to keep a closer eye on this Albright. John had absolutely no idea why the man was up in arms all of a sudden. There'd never been a problem with him before - he'd had control of the borough of Southwark for years under John's command, and he'd always done a solid job. But the night of the election, when it had looked like the reins were slipping out of John's hands, it had been Albright who had let the first arrow fly. Tonight was the second. What was the saying? The first hit goes on the opponent's account, the second on one's own. John gritted his teeth. He'd be damned if he'd let it come to a third.
' pocketed at Buckingham Palace (for John's benefit) was then laid down between Sherlock's splayed legs.
He pressed a hard kiss onto those thin lips and murmured, "You're not going to stop until you've corrupted me through and through, are you?"
"John..." Sherlock whispered, and he felt just a little bit ashamed at how touched and overwhelmed he sounded; he was also ashamed for lying to John... not confiding everything in him... not trusting him. Now would be the time to clear the air. Sherlock was torn. Should he...? Or was it too late already? Would a confession at this point destroy more than it would set free? Sherlock would have liked to break something, to destroy something, in order to give an outlet to his conflicting emotions through a loud crash or clatter so he could breathe and think more easily.
or 'in
"His bloke's sure to be busy with someone else," growled the man on the passenger seat.
"She's too... perfect," Mycroft affirmed. "You should probably prepare yourself for her being anything but well-inclined toward you."
When Sherlock arose from the floor and picked up his violin from its red satin cradle, he felt an assurance come over him that he'd never known before, and smiled.
Dave led the way into the living room, where two long couches stood opposite each other, separated by a low coffee table. John and Mycroft each claimed one of the couches for themselves. Dave took up position behind John, while Naresh stood near Mycroft. The sun - which had finally managed to break through the thick cover of clouds - bathed the room in warm, yellow light even through the filter of the opaque curtains. The effect set a strong contrast to the icy atmosphere that existed between the two seated men.
"Should I?" Sherlock asked hesitantly with a slight wrinkle of uncertainty on his forehead, even as his fingers brushed the front placket of his shirt.
"If I still have it all straight, you proposed to me in front of two witnesses a while back!" Greg refreshed Mycroft's memory. "Even if the witnesses were a pair of ducks... in my opinion it was legally binding. You're not going to be the mayor and need to maintain your reputation forever. Who knows what the future holds?"
John had the distinct impression of being greeted by a puppy who was trying to jump up his legs, rather than a grown man who was a good half a head taller than him.
"I should have brought flowers," Sherlock murmured pensively. They were the first words he'd spoken since they'd left their house. He hadn't opened his mouth once during the drive, instead staring out the window, lost in his own thoughts in an anomalous bout of self-reflection.
Then there was a soft
Mike stood up and went to John, who gave him a look that was both expectant and a little bit puzzled.
Sherlock hadn't done anything more than wrap the sheet around himself before leaving the bedroom, shortly after John. Since then, he'd been sitting at the top of the stairs, trying to catch whatever snatches of conversation he could. But the room John and his brother were in was at the other end of the entry hall, and Sherlock still had no idea what the two men were talking about.
Sherlock took a deep breath. What he was about to say was painful but it had to be said. For one thing, it gave him the perfect excuse, and for another, John obviously hadn't thought of everything.
John grinned broadly. "Promote Detective Inspector Dimmock. Give him a position where he can take charge of investigations. You can leave the rest to me."
"That's too long for a headline," Mycroft said coldly.
“Oh right – thanks for reminding me,” John replied with his best shark-toothed grin and pulled up the zip on his trousers. “No orgasm until I'm back.”
John's thoughts were similar, although he couldn't have known it. Of course he was a crafty bargainer when it came to this type of negotiation, and of course he had an entire arsenal of threats, lies, and half-truths at his disposal in order to get what he wanted - which was to make the mayor his puppet. He had the sneaking suspicion, however, that his usual strategies might not work with this Mr Holmes, and he had no Plan B aside from holding a gun to his head. Well, to be fair, holding a gun to his opponent's head was his usual Plan B - but this time he was going to have to leave that option off the table; he'd never dealt with a dyed-in-the-wool mayor as adversary before.
It had been surprisingly easy to get used to Sherlock's presence... John shook his head even as - unbeknownst to him - an almost tender smile flitted across his lips.
But once more, John did the unexpected. Rather than going to the trouble himself, he held out the damp end of the cigar to Sherlock.
Mike had seen enough to cause him to take a hasty step back and close the door again quickly. In doing so, he almost collided with someone.
“That’s taking it a bit far,” Naresh said.
"I'm sure of it," John said firmly. "Maybe he made a deal with the Russians to edge me out. Maybe he wanted to become the boss himself... what do I know? The bastard's dead and that means one thing that's been dealt with. One less thing to worry about at any rate. Now all I've got is that Donovan and the Russians after me." John laughed, but it wasn't a joyful sound.
Irene raised her eyebrows. “And how is that a probl... Oh. I see. He'll want to see it. And your name will need to be on it.”
A tender smile passed over John's lips, and he lifted the feeble, leaden legs off his shoulders and lowered them carefully. He pulled out of Sherlock and took the used condom off his softening member with one hand, tucked himself away and pulled up the zip of his trousers. He used the other hand to keep Sherlock steady on the table, as a precaution. Once he was more or less presentable again, he slid his hands under Sherlock's shoulders and pulled him into a sitting position, where he then removed the wrinkled, damp shirt from his sweaty shoulders.
The relentless pressure on his opening.
Jacques' hesitant glow collapsed entirely at the hint of critcism. "Monsieur...y'a-t-il quelque chose qui ne va pas?" he asked with a note of desperation. "Vous n'avez qu'à me dire ce..."
"That's no answer," Sherlock huffed.
- furniture, especially Hepplewhite furnishings
A faint blush crept over Irene's cheeks as she realised she'd been caught in her little twisting of the truth.
"Then don't let me stand in the way," John answered generously.
Mycroft looked peeved but answered, albeit with a brief hesitation. "It was hidden in the base of an ice sculpture. There was a hollowed-out space that was originally meant to house some lighting effects or other. That's why no one noticed the bomb. Everyone thought it was part of the equipment. It wasn't just the explosion that did the damage; the flying ice shards caused quite a few injuries."
"Oh yes..." Sherlock replied, with a long, drawn-out sigh. His hands spanned John's hips while his gaze remained steadfastly fixed on the slight bulge that showed through John's trousers. His face pressed closer and closer without needing any further encouragement, until his lips were in contact with the smooth material. John's eyes closed of their own volition as Sherlock's lips parted and his warm, moist breath penetrated the cloth. John's cock swelled a little more under the unexpectedly gentle treatment, showing its outline ever more clearly through his clothing and making it easy for Sherlock to gauge its position and press hot, open-mouthed kisses directly over his nascent erection.
A pleased smile brightened John's face. "That's right... I see we understand each other."
John wiped the sweaty brow and crouched down on his heels, feeling dazed. What just happened here?
"No," Holmes replied without any visible emotional reaction. "No one is waiting for me."
"Hold the chair," John barked out and waited until his order was carried out by two of the men.
Ever since Sherlock had assumed the position John had ordered, he was afloat on a hot-and-cold sea of emotion.
..." he repeated, barking out a short, sarcastic laugh. "Sherlock is under my roof of his own free will - and he can stay there as long as he wants." He gave Mycroft a warning look. "But fine. Let's hear what you have to say." He leaned back expectantly, his chin thrust forward as if prepared for battle, crossed his legs and laid his folded hands in his lap. "What are your
His abused hole twitched, fought back, cramped up from the pain, yet still greedily took the intruder in. The perspiration sizzled on his skin, smarted in the welts on his arse, and Sherlock held his breath in bliss. Only to gasp for air again when John's penis - finally, finally! - stimulated his prostate. All but deaf and blind with arousal, Sherlock abandoned himself completely to John's deep, hard thrusts and cool hands. John's hands, which roved ceaselessly and with exquisite tenderness over his chest. A tenderness that was in stark contrast to the almost brutal rhythm with which he pounded into Sherlock.
"Yes, it will be," Greg answered, unconcerned. "Since I've been sticking a dildo up my arse every night for months now, which turns out to be just about the same size as you..."
"Fine." Sherlock nodded. "And now you can go get me that ice pack," he allowed with benevolent condescension.
Holmes' gaze faltered and fell away from Greg's angry glare.
"I'm healthy!" Sherlock said to put an end to any further panic. "After you straightened me out that one time, I had a test done. Everything's fine. And I've only engaged in
Sherlock was astonished himself. Although it had no scientific basis and was completely illogical, the spot John had kissed and blown on actually did hurt less. Sherlock had a vague memory of his mother treating his scraped knees in the same manner, and it hadn't hurt as much then either. In the Holmes household, on the other hand, although he'd always been cared for in an exemplary manner, no one had ever kissed his injuries or murmured soothing words when a plaster needed to be applied. At some point, Sherlock had become too old for such things anyway, and it was left to him to put on his plasters - or not. His memories of the tender care of a loving mother had finally faded to the point that Sherlock wasn't quite sure anymore whether they were true, or whether they were simply a wish he'd had as a small boy... a wish so strong that it had formed a false memory.
"You're wearing too much," he complained in a breathy whisper. "You always wear too much..." His fingers slid across the scar on John's shoulder, stroking it until John sighed and moaned at the same time. Then Sherlock squashed one of the strawberries - which he'd groped for blindly - on the ruined skin. John sucked in a sharp breath between his teeth and held completely still as Sherlock bent his upper body to lick the fruit pulp from his shoulder. Both of them could feel the strong pulsing of John's hard cock in Sherlock's tight, willing body, and both men shuddered heavily.
John - usually such an attentive lover - took him today with a ruthlessness that both excited and disturbed Sherlock. His own penis was completely engorged by now and bounced against his taut abdomen in time with John's thrusts. John would normally have done something with it by now, but today he didn't lift a finger or say a single word. And all of a sudden, Sherlock understood.
Sherlock closed his eyes and revelled in the astonishing, overwhelming peace and lightness of being which that one word triggered in him. So that's how easy it was to say that word... how incredibly effortlessly it had fallen from his lips... if he'd known that that single word would give him such a deep sense of satisfaction and inner calm... why had he always fought against it so hard? Sherlock didn't know anymore.
"Don't do it, John! Stay..."
First things first - my everlasting thanks go to SwissMiss for her wonderful translation.
If you would like to contribute some fanworks (art, stories...) just let me know on
The door clicked softly, indicating that Jacques had left the office as unobtrusively as he'd entered.
John shook his head. "What's got into you today? First you're obsessed with sex, then with checking the books..."
John was certain of that, because Sherlock was different. Different than all the other men he'd ever had. Sherlock had never betrayed him, and would never betray him. He'd never run away before, and wouldn't do so in future... as long as they still had a future.
John shrugged and sent Mike an eloquent look. "What can I do?"
' popped into John's head.
John frowned slightly. This Albright character had been a pain in the neck for a while now. He was like a pebble in your shoe. For the most part it went unnoticed, but then it would unexpectedly poke you right in a tender spot. But he was very successful in his borough and had his boys surprisingly well in hand.
Sherlock's tongue slid greedily into his mouth, danced around his own tongue, only to pull back and suckle at his lower lip, before they separated, breathing heavily.
Preparations for the diamond smuggling operation had reached a critical phase in which it had become necessary to include other members of the crime
"Who's not all bad?" Anthea asked in passing, indicating that Thomas should put the laundry basket on the floor.
Sherlock had no idea what to make of that at first, but then he recalled Mike's words to him:
"Close your mouth, dammit!" John barked at him. "Close your mouth this instant! I almost..." As if through a layer of cotton wool, Sherlock heard John grinding his teeth.
"Phone sex?" John asked, bemused. "Is that what we're doing?"
“You've … when?” John asked, lacking quite a bit of his usual self-assuredness. He hadn't been prepared for the sight of the plug in Sherlock's arse, and he was so aroused by it he couldn't quite find his tongue.
John cleared his throat. “To mine, of course. My house. I've just bought you free,” he explained, waiting for the outburst of elation … which still didn't appear after several moments.
"I already told you: I had help."
"It's nice to hear I'm your first in more ways than one." John's voice sounded hoarse and Sherlock looked up. When their eyes met, Sherlock shivered in pleasurable anticipation. In John's deep blue eyes, he recognised the fire, the hunger, and the special kind of cruelty he'd missed so much.
Sherlock was silent, but he bowed his head.
John had done quite well with his
"No." Mike rejected the idea flat out. He had a suspicion what this was leading up to and he didn't want to hear it.
"You wouldn't have recognised this number even if I hadn't withheld it," Sherlock replied, less than impressed.
"Oh yes, he did!" Sherlock retorted vehemently. "Or he would have believed me. But one look at you was enough to tell him it was only twice, and last night at that. Really, John! I try to bolster your image as a stud in bed and you muck it all up."
Mike Stamford was sitting diagonally across from him in a cream-coloured leather armchair, part of a suite of furniture where John liked to hold conversations on a
"Why didn't I say anything?" John interrupted Sherlock's babbling with a wistful expression around his mouth. "Simple... if you don't trust me enough to tell me the truth... then... it's my fault."
"Yes," Sherlock responded shortly. "Could we now
Sherlock took a deep breath and repeated his remark with a rare show of patience. "I said: as if you'd let a chance at phone sex pass you by."
"No," John cut him off. "Before we do anything else, I want to know where..." He made a helpless yet angry gesture. "Damnit, Sherlock - how did you figure out that Moran... I mean … you haven't budged your arse out of this house one single time."
Greg shook his head grimly. "Mr Holmes, I don't believe in coincidences. The universe is rarely so lazy. Your brother..."
"You are the first," John said after a little while, his voice raw.
"Oh, I think there's a little more," he answered, unperturbed.
"I should have asked for the sperm stopper," Sherlock remarked, his gaze burning into John.
"John - I've seen your bank statements," Mike said to him in a low voice, as he didn't want Sherlock to hear everything. "You haven't spent any money on him at all. Aside from the clothes you had your tailor make for him … nothing." Mike fixed his gaze on John's. "That's not right."
"Finish eating, drink two more glasses of water, and then go take a shower," John instructed. "Just like we discussed, all right?"
Irene shot him a venomous look.
"Thank you," he whispered.
Sherlock had finished unbuttoning his shirt in the meantime, although he hadn't pulled it out of his trousers yet. His attention turned to his belt buckle. He fiddled around with it and opened it. Only then did he shrug and look up briefly.
“Mike - you know he doesn’t want anything,” John replied with a helpless gesture.
"Not right away, at any rate," Mycroft replied easily, before continuing with somewhat more hesitation: "He... doesn't want any special favours."
Sherlock closed his eyes. A prayer of thanks hovered on his tongue, but he had no idea to whom he should address it... what higher power had intended for him to be the recipient of so much happiness? Was his life-long streak of bad luck finally at an end?
"You're wasting Mr Watson's strawberries on that...
"No change," Greg replied with a combination of frustration, resignation, and irritation.
Rows upon rows of brick arches emerge out of the darkness in this (relatively) dry underground reservoir. The whole site is around 120m x 50m wide with a ceiling height of approximately 25ft. Access into the reservoir is via a inspection cover with a vertical ladder straight down. The frame measurements are 1.0m x 0.7m therefore the clear opening would be about 0.9m x 0.6m. This location doesn't come cheap, but its well worth the fee. (Haringey, London)
Why did John's voice sound so small all of a sudden? So afraid? Oh...
"John - an ambulance won't be the end of it. I have a bullet wound... the doctors would report it, and then the police would get involved and they'd arrest you and lock you up and..."
Sherlock took a second breath... losing himself in the thick smoke, filling his body and his head with that wonderfully heady scent.
,” Sherlock concluded his list of conditions.
talking about?!"
"It appears your guest is responsible," Jacques overcame himself long enough to say.
But he'd better not tell Mike that. He'd either bring up that psychiatrist again or he'd say he didn't like this obsession with Sherlock because it was cutting off any other chances he might have.
"Another?" John asked when Sherlock was done with the first biscuit, and when Sherlock nodded he held out a second one, which Sherlock likewise nibbled off of John's palm. John ate a sandwich in the meantime without even tasting what was on it. He was also drifting into that parallel reality where Sherlock was still lingering. It was so quiet, so peaceful...
(Shame on me - but I could never have put it as beautifully myself.)
"I'm not in the mood for games, Mr Holmes," he replied in a dangerously soft voice. "I had a pretty shitty day yesterday, and it's not over yet. So in your own interest: give me the fucking pictures RIGHT NOW."
– but his vocal cords striked here as well.
John had mercy and explained: "No, I can keep my gun. No one will be able to prove I was the one who fired based on the bullets."
"For the hundredth time, my dear Mabel," the butler hissed angrily. "My name is
"The entire mob?" Holmes frowned in disapproval. "Was that really necessary?"
"It's just that..." Mycroft continued haltingly, "you're quite well known for such things... and in the past, you'd..."
"Ready?" John asked.
Sherlock did as he was told, his heart pounding as he waited while John walked around behind his back, moving objects around and making noises that Sherlock couldn't quite place in his excitement. What exquisite fiendishness was John going to think up for him?
"The newest projections. Still looks good."
"What did he tell you?" Sherlock wanted to know. It was a rather obvious question, yes, but Sherlock had to know what was going on. He'd tiptoed around the question long enough without John revealing anything of importance.
Sherlock's throat went abruptly dry and his heart beat in his throat.
Without paying any attention to him or his protest, John looked deliberately at his watch and slipped into his underwear.
"A mistake," Victor said on impulse, tearing John's heart right out of his chest without even realising it.
John could feel very well what was about to happen, but he didn't stop his ministrations for a single second, didn't give Sherlock any chance to catch his breath.
A short while later, John had Sherlock lying on his back on the table with John standing between the splayed legs hanging uselessly over the edge.
"Anyway... no one's forcing you. You don't have to
John had no idea what to say to that at first. "Did you... do you really think I'd do something to you?" he asked, shaking his head in disbelief even as he gave Victor a lopsided smile. "Do you honestly think I'd want revenge... for something that happened over ten years ago?"
Why hadn't he wanted to come home directly? John couldn't remember anymore.
Yes – obviously... '007' John was returning home following a hard day and a successfully completed mission, requiring a martini and something … relaxing. Sherlock was only too willing to be of assistance in the matter. Or... (Sherlock's imagination was already boiling over a little) maybe John was still on a mission, and he – Sherlock – was meant as a present... with an assignment to squeeze everything out of the master spy... information and... other things... of course he would be at his disposal... fall in love with him in the meantime, and end up plotting with him against his former boss...
John cleared his throat, breaking the silence. Then he said contemptuously: "Nothing." He sighed in chagrin. "That's what I thought." He turned around and went to the door.
Sherlock nodded and wet his lips. “Pull it... and see what happens.”
But Mycroft surprised him yet again. He skipped the topic of love entirely, concentrating instead on a completely different aspect.
"Susan!" Mike hissed. "Give me the phone!"
"Unscrupulous arse," John said, making it sound like a term of endearment. Sherlock actually smiled, flattered, and this time a genuine light appeared in his eyes.
“Why do I even ask? John – there's no way I'm about to toss your entire schedule just so you can fool around with Sherlock some more.”
- weather in Great Britain in each season
- ice sculptures
Why in the world had he said '
Sherlock had been in John's bedroom countless times before. However, he'd never been there alone - virtually unobserved - as was the case now, with John still in the shower. Sherlock noted with a smirk that John was taking more time than usual for his personal hygiene tonight. On the other hand, Sherlock found the gesture rather touching. He decided not to let it go to his head too much, though.
"A pretty analogy," Sherlock remarked dryly and stood. "It looks like you don't need me here any longer."
John was crouching more than kneeling, with Sherlock's lower body in his lap. Sherlock's long legs were spread wide, lying to the left and right of John's body on the mattress. It wasn't possible to go deep or hard in this position, so their joining was more like a sensual rocking, helped along by John's powerful hands holding Sherlock's hips and pulling him in more tightly.
Sherlock's creased brow promptly smoothed out and John was able to breathe a little easier. Good - he hadn't run screaming from the room. That was something at least...
John had to suppress a grin when Susan let Mike's pet name slip out. It didn't happen often but it was a source of endless amusement to him every time.
"Lucky for us," John remarked dryly and began to climb the stairs.
“Shopping.”
Sherlock's climax happened without fanfare. There was no sign of it aside from a quick, loud breath against John's shoulder and hot, sticky ejaculate on John's fingers. No twitch, no groan, no contraction either announced or accompanied it. His orgasm was a smooth transition, a threshold that was crossed with barely a notice, and John continued to caress his erection, which was slow to deflate.
"Right down at the corner, why?" Greg answered in alarm, unable to make heads nor tails of Mycroft's monosyllabic replies and remarks during his call.
"Hmm." Mike made a neutral sound, taking a seat in the leather armchair. "I saw on my way over that they've put up the first campaign posters."
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked around. John stood behind him in suit, shirt, and tie, his eyes twinkling with mischief.
"I didn't know anything about the thing with customs... but it's obvious someone's trying to make it look like the bomb at the ball was my payback. I'd say it was a good thing that my... important business, and the fact that my phone was off, put a spanner in those plans. That pretty much mucked up this person's timing."
John grinned, pleased. "So we're in agreement. Charming." He let go of Charlie's hair. A relieved intake of breath sounded. "Good - let's try and think of something that won't impede your powers of speech."
John let go of his hand and turned to Naresh, who was standing closest to the door and was just putting away his gun. Apparently neither Dave nor Naresh had been able to pull their guns in time. John really couldn't blame them. They were taken just as much by surprise as he was. Bodyguards or not... John was still the fastest among them when it came to shooting. If not even he had been able to react fast enough...
"I don't want any of that crap in the house!" John declared categorically.
To John's great surprise, Sherlock stood up, took the glass out of his hand and drained it in a single swallow. Then he grimaced in disgust.
"You don't either!" Sherlock protested.
"Incorrigible," John whispered against his shoulder in an affectionate undertone, making goose pimples break out all over Sherlock's body. "Do you want to stay like this or get up on all fours?"
"BOTH!" Sherlock blurted out.
Sherlock made a low noise that sounded like a satisfied hum and relaxed his passive, almost rigid posture, in order to move his mouth up and down along the stiff shaft. John watched, his mouth hanging slightly open, as Sherlock's plump lips glided over his erection in an almost perfect rhythm. A surge of desire built up in John's lower body, and he had to bite his lips in order to suppress a shameless moan.
Sherlock stopped and gave him a once-over. "Oh, right. Of course. My mistake," he said. "Stones. Of course you're a Stones man."
"All right..." Sherlock said with a soft sigh. "Good night, John."
John went into the small parlour where Mycroft Holmes was waiting for him. When he entered, Holmes - who had been pacing in front of the windows - stopped where he was and fixed John with a hard stare.
The diamond smuggling job had gone off without a hitch. The gemstones had already been distributed to trustworthy partners who would ensure that the hot goods were rendered untraceable and put on the market. The coffers would be full again soon. The coup had been worth it. His reputation within the mob would gleam with its former brilliance once more, and he would also be better off financially in no time.
Greg's eyes swept across Mycroft. The Inspector looked disappointed, his eyes knowing and at the same time empty.
The only thing he wasn't sure about was what should come first.
My inspiration for the scene between John, Sherlock, and Mycroft is from here:
“Mike … he's never asked me for anything the whole time.”
John couldn't hold back the smile that was tickling at the corners of his mouth any longer. This was the only trick that Sherlock ever used on him. He'd figured out how much John enjoyed tilting his head down when kissing... either because his partner was lying beneath him or was shorter than him. John had understood fairly quickly that Sherlock had seen right through him in that regard, and kept finding - or making - opportunities for himself to be shorter than John … all as if by accident. It was a gesture that John appreciated, and at the same time it both touched and aroused him.
Lips smiling against his shoulder. "And there are the demands again..." John breathed out onto his skin, but it sounded neither disappointed nor angry.
"Unforgettable..."
"Don't hold it directly in the flame," Sherlock said in a low voice, completely entranced by the procedure going on directly in front of his nose. "Turn it slowly over the flame... until a little bit of ash forms... and then... the first puff." His eyes virtually clung to John's lips, and he unconsciously mimicked the sucking motions John made with his mouth.
“Your
There were just a few more steps between him and the final landing, which barely rose above the surface of the water.
John shot him an incredulous look and blinked several times. "Maybe because vaseline and condoms don't mix well?" he stated with disbelieving ridicule.
Sherlock knew, logically, that what was going on – what was happening to
John let his gaze wander around the entryway, which was indeed very happily empty. His eyes passed over the curved stairway that led up to the first floor, where his private rooms were located. But he turned in the other direction. His bedroom didn't hold much interest for him at the moment. Strangely, he felt the urge to have a hot shower, even though logic told him he was clean enough after his bath with Sherlock. Still, he felt dirty.
Mycroft Holmes stood in Hyde Park, off to the side of the groups of people enjoying the free hot rum punch being offered to the guests of honour, their expressions relaxed and their cheeks red. As for Mycroft, he had already done his mayoral duty by opening the ridiculous fun fair which cast its blight on Hyde Park every winter. The other VIPs and guests were therefore - mercifully - leaving him in peace, and Mycroft was finally able to take care of this call after having tried in vain for several days to reach
Translation by the most awesome SwissMiss!
Sherlock's eyes filled abruptly with tears. His lids fell shut, and the tears flowed freely down his cheeks. He bit down on his lips and cried silently.
Greg sighed.
John's indistinct voice reached his ear. "Oh my God... Sherlock.. you... that..." Silence. "Wait... let me... Oh, Sherlock..."
"Correct," Sherlock confirmed absently. The sight of John's bulging trousers was too distracting.
, he felt
The hand holding the glass trembled slightly. John poured himself a third measure and closed the bottle again. Three drinks were enough. They'd been doubles or triples already anyway. It wasn't easy to say exactly in these low light conditions. But even three or four more drinks wouldn't make any difference. John knew that. He might be drunker, but the guilt would still be there. Just as intense.
"John!"
Sherlock shrugged. “Even I have my limits.”
Shaky fingers reached for the end of the plug and pulled it out of Sherlock's opening with a twisting motion. Sherlock felt his muscles clench on emptiness, and then something warm and viscous dribbled out of him. He sought John's eyes, waiting for instructions, hoping for relief, but John was staring between Sherlock's legs as if hypnotised. When he finally lifted his eyes to meet Sherlock's, there was a wildness there – as well as a surreal peace – that took Sherlock's breath away.
. he added to himself. For some reason he was ashamed of owning up to it.
But which kind? Impossible to say for sure. Should he guess? Which bottles had been on the shelves that time? From which one would the shop owner be most likely to offer John a drink?
John nodded. "Maybe Mycroft Holmes could... I don't know... make her life difficult by cutting her budget somewhere."
Translation - as always - by the fabulous SwissMiss.
?" Sherlock finally exclaimed once he'd reached the end of his deduction. A reproachful '
They parted - not exactly as friends, but with a certain mutual understanding in place between them. John wondered, though, how long this rather unstable détente would last. They still needed each other... they were virtually allies in the fight against a common enemy... but how would things go when that enemy had been routed and defeated? Donovan would still be there, making John's life hell, and Mycroft wouldn't be able to do anything about it. Looked at from that angle, Mycroft hadn't been fulfilling his part of the deal - protecting John from the police - for quite some time already. John didn't feel he was necessarily bound to his concessions in that case either.
"You're scared," she declared.
Sherlock swallowed hard. Just how thorough had Mycroft been back then? How far back had he gone? He'd never bothered himself about it. Why had he been so neglectful? It didn't even bother him that John had referred to him as a
Sherlock nodded, lifted the plug from its bed of satin and ran his fingers with something akin to reverence over the two entwined letters engraved on the handle. He closed his eyes, sighing beatifically.
name sullied by my actions," he concluded with a derisive grimace. "He would have paid whatever you demanded without batting an eye. Unless... you'd threatened to kill me." He let that thought hang in the air for a moment. "I'm afraid you would have left empty-handed in that case."
"...and even if that were the case, it seems highly unlikely to me," Mycroft continued, undeterred, "that a man like Watson would seek his... well... his
"It is a bit... shall we say, complicated," Mycroft conceded, reaching for the articles of his clothing which were strewn across the floor. The procedure of putting them on gave him enough time to come up with a strategy for the upcoming cross-examination which he was no doubt about to have to endure.
, I mean
The shadow of a patronising smile returned to Mycroft's face. "Then I can only presume he didn't tell you everything."
! Yes, I know, you did scream, but... bloody hell! You know what I mean! When we have sex, everything's wonderful and nothing hurts even if you were barely able to crawl up the stairs just moments before. AND NOW STOP WITH THE LAUGHING! From a strictly medical point of view, you're as healthy as a horse. Any pain is purely psychosomatic."
"Would you really lie to me?" John asked sternly. Against his hip, he could feel the hardness that was slowly but surely forming between Sherlock's legs.
Mike didn't know how to formulate the question he wanted to ask his friend. “John... if you have Sherlock living here … I mean...” He kicked himself and went on more firmly: “Don't you think it might make a better use of your time to find someone who...”
," he added in a dark mutter. But his logical objection didn't seem to have any effect on John, who continued to stare at him as if he'd taken leave of his senses.
Greg bit down on his lip and made a muffled sound. Half moan, half whimper. Mycroft was quite pleased.
"What?" Mike asked, immediately on alert.
Her heart pounding wildly, Doris dialed the number she'd received from the information service.
political representative had abandoned him, and he'd been quite pleased about his future son-in-law's connections to the mob.
“You might be right.” Sherlock sighed. “All right … if in fact … we had agreed on a
, much less hope to win them over for himself?
John shook his head. "Just play," was all he said, and Sherlock did him the favour.
John squirmed a little in the face of Mike's amusement. "Don't look at me like that!" he barked, rather gruffly.
"What was that just now anyway? Was that really necessary?" John asked patiently.
John's iron control made it impossible for Sherlock to plead his innocence, sob out admissions or plead tearfully for forgiveness. It was an extremely effective approach, Sherlock had to admit, even if it made him feel the weight of his own guilt and his own lapse of judgement so much more heavily than he already did.
Sherlock turned onto his side and rested his head on one hand as his eyes slid over John, who was still standing with one knee on the bed.
“But... you
"For the common good," John confirmed, holding out his hand to Mycroft.
I also edited a picture of a riding crop for the border between Sherlock and John, which I found here
The doorman swallowed, his Adam's apple visibly bobbing. "Of course..." he replied, although he still didn't give any indication of actually moving out of the way. "It's just..." he began, cut himself off, and then spoke rapidly, as if he'd just had a brilliant idea: "What can we do for you today?"
He turned away from Moriarty, aiming instead at Sherlock.
"Yeah," Albright confirmed. "Your behaviour. What kind of boss doesn't have his shop under control?" Now Albright started to lose his composure as he became more agitated.
"You little slut," John rebuked him with that fiendish smile that made Sherlock's knees go weak every time. Then he held his dampened fingers in front of Sherlock's face. No additional order was necessary. Sherlock greedily welcomed the fingers into his mouth and sucked on them with enthusiasm.
"I wouldn't have..." Sherlock protested.
"That really turns you on, doesn't it?" John remarked with a salacious grin.
“No…Sherlock, I can’t-“
"I'm to be killed then," Sherlock went on placidly - at least on the outside. He wasn't about to show any weakness in front of John's enemies. He wanted John to have reason to be proud of him. Inside he was laughing hysterically, however. On the very day when he'd thought his life might finally have taken a turn for the better... might finally be
"Look at me..." John said, and Sherlock turned his attention obediently to John's reflection in the mirror.
"It's simple," Greg answered promptly. "Ever since Dimmock's been in his new post, all the investigations involving the mob are hitting dead ends. Witnesses are clamming up, evidence is disappearing... do I have to get any more graphic?"
The gold shimmered gently against the pale skin, and John's fingers ran over the engraving there with something akin to reverence - as well as a certain pride of ownership.
The playful complaint – although not far removed from the truth – earned him a half-hearted chuckle. Then Sherlock sighed, which at least took with it part of the tension in his body, leaving John once again able to move his finger.
The door to the restaurant opened, and Bridges entered with a worried look on his face.
“Were you a good boy?”
"My respect... needs to be earned," Albright answered, unmoved. "And your behaviour, Watson … your behaviour recently..." He shook his head.
"Quite," Sherlock replied promptly. It might possibly have been a little white lie, but Sherlock didn't care one whit for any difficulties the authorities might have with Moran and his subterfuges. All he cared about was John not being threatened anymore - and he wanted to leave it up to John to eradicate that threat. However, it would please him if he could provide John with the means to do so.
There was no question, this state of things couldn't continue any longer. He was a busy man and he didn't want to invest any more of his valuable time in organising his sex life.
"Nothing," Sherlock answered curtly and stared at the wall.
Mike folded the newspaper, tossed it down on the coffee table in front of him and sank back into the upholstered cushions of the couch.
"Go to the kitchen," John repeated gently. Thomas nodded, cowed, and trundled off.
His eyes returned to John, who was standing there with his arms crossed over his chest, watching him with an inscrutable expression.
Mycroft had the strong suspicion he was going to come out on the losing end of this particular show of force - and it was all going to be Sherlock's fault again, as usual.
John smelled a little like dust from the streets, car exhaust, and stuffy upholstery - in other words, he'd taken a taxi. He also smelled a little like sweat - he'd walked fast, been in a hurry - Ah! He hadn't been able to get a taxi right away. Sherlock wasn't surprised. Only he himself had the gift of conjuring cabs out of thin air.
"I already said he lied to me," Mycroft said in an attempt to deflect the accusation. "He gave me a name - Sebastian Moran - and wanted me to provide him with a photograph of the man. I really can't tell you any more than that."
He'd lived here since Irene took him in – and didn't show any signs of ever intending to leave the guesthouse. In fact, since he'd set foot over the threshold, he hadn't left the house a single time.
I used
"Again?" Sherlock echoed, not understanding his meaning.
? Really? The Beatles?"
"I know that little cafe - it just 'happens' to have a smoking section," John added. He didn't have to mime the air quotes either. Another area he was getting better at. Sherlock swallowed hard.
"The former Hornsey Wood Reservoir is located underneath this section of the park. One of the decommissioned reservoirs providing drinking water to the City of London."
And... as always...
and finally... relief, deliverance, and endless contentment.
Of course he looked in the mirror every morning and evening when he washed and shaved - but he was always concentrating on his task when he did that. He never just looked at himself for vanity's sake. Those days were past, ever since the unpleasant experiences he'd had in school - which had (supposedly?) opened his eyes for him. Since then, he'd only focused on whether he'd missed a spot shaving or whether his hair was combed neatly. He never truly looked at himself. Never let the full force of his presence come to bear on himself. Never looked any deeper than his stubble or his skin.
John threw his arms in the air in aggravation. "You're insane," he cried. "Even if he were, don't you think I'd have you out of there in no time?"
John and Sherlock still stood between the desk and the bookshelf, intimately entwined, neither of them giving any indication of moving.
Sherlock just hoped it wasn't too late for either one - or for both. Was his freedom still important to him? Did he even want a brother now? The brother he'd wished so hard for as a little boy?
"Yes," Mycroft affirmed, puzzled. "With a scale of one to ten for..."
"I'll let you know when I decide," John answered in a last-ditch attempt to cover up the fact that she'd caught him out cold.
"Poked you while we were kissing, did it?" he guessed. "You really do have sensitive nipples," he teased. "And at least one of them was going to be even more sensitive pretty soon..." His hand smoothed over Sherlock's coat, scratching his chest briefly.
"You sound as if you've fallen utterly under this man's spell!" Mycroft cried in repugnance.
Sometimes John also simply treated himself to a quiet evening in - watching television or reading a book or the newspaper if he hadn't got to it during the day. Sherlock never whinged around on those evenings demanding attention … when John thought of everything he'd put up with from Sherlock's predecessors! It was relaxing to just sit there - knowing Sherlock was next to him on the couch, close enough to feel him … or that it was enough to look up and see Sherlock sitting across from him in the second armchair, solving crosswords and sudokus at breakneck speed.
"Why?"
"...then you're both out to lunch," Mike ended his statement, unimpressed, and left the room in a deliberately casual manner, as if he were on the way to the toilet and not to play
"No!" John said, a touch harshly, causing Sherlock to snap his mouth shut with satisfying speed. "Your body will thank you when you're lying in hospital with a high fever and an extremely unpleasant urinary tract infection." He took a deep breath through his nose. "Tomorrow, Sherlock. Tomorrow night. I promise. But we really need to talk about it beforehand. All right?" He waited until Sherlock grudgingly nodded. "It's really all for your own good. You should understand what... My God, quit with the puppy dog eyes!" He laid a hand on Sherlock's cheek and gazed deep into his eyes. "And even aside from all of that... that was my third gin. I'm simply not sober enough for something like that right now."
“There you are!” Irene crowed triumphantly. “Economics! That's enough for me. And you'll figure out anything you don't know. You're such a clever boy. What was your IQ again?” And with those words, she left the office, leaving behind a baffled and indignant Sherlock, who eyed the documents on Irene's desk with a scowl.
"Fuck... Mike.. I..." He had turned as pale as Mike. As if in a fog, he turned his back on his friend and took several unsteady steps away from him, seeking the physical distance. "I didn't want to... FUCK!" he screamed, his voice full of anger and frustration.
John slipped out of his jacket. Underneath it, he was wearing only a black t-shirt on account of the summery conditions, along with the shoulder holster and his handgun. His eyes remained fixed on Charlie, who paled even further in his bonds. Without looking away, he handed his jacket to Naresh, who draped it over his arm and stepped back again. Then John held out his arm, and the one-metre long, rounded iron bar was promptly delivered into his waiting hand. His fingers closed around the cool metal.
John's teeth promptly clamped mercilessly into the sensitive skin, and Sherlock arched toward him wantonly. John's fingers dug into Sherlock's arse, and he was only vaguely aware of Sherlock rubbing his own slippery erection somewhat awkwardly with his left hand, even as he held fast to John's scarred shoulder with his right.
The rest of the journey through the rainy night passed in silence.
"Technical literature?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow and put the fake books back in their place.
"Can I offer you a cup of tea?"
"Why don't we go to bed?"
John looked up at the blue sky for a moment. "As it happens..." he started tentatively, "I do have a ring here with me."
She took it with three fingers of her right hand. "Of course," she said graciously. "It's a pleasure to meet you."
Sherlock's tongue passed over his lips, cleaning them slowly and thoroughly, before he bowed his head to lap up the rest of the semen from John's stomach and penis.
The warmth of Sherlock's mouth, the agility of his tongue, and not least the fire in his eyes all contributed to John's recovery from the shock of the cold, and the gentle yet persistent sucking and licking around his now stiff shaft not only elicited a gratified sigh, but prompted his hips to plunge deeper and deeper into Sherlock's throat in a quest for
This was already the sixth attempt they'd made, and although John had never let on that he might be disappointed by Sherlock's inability to ejaculate without direct stimulation, it was beginning to wear on Sherlock. What if John started looking for someone else because Sherlock kept letting him down? Even though Sherlock knew that thoughts like that weren't exactly conducive to this particular activity – in fact, they were downright counterproductive – he couldn't help it; they lurked at the edge of his consciousness every time John announced they were going to try again.
By the time John finished the thought, he was standing on the stairs on the way down to the ground floor.
"Take them all the way off," John instructed him, stepping back to give him more room to manoeuvre. "Shoes and socks too."
Sherlock shook his head vehemently.
"You said as soon as the last bead was in," Sherlock defended himself.
"It's fine," Mycroft assured him, amused, before a strange, pensive look came over him. "There's something … refreshing about it. Your laugh, I mean."
He licked across John's palm with broad strokes, enclosed each finger with his lips and sucked until John's respiration rate increased as well and he started fucking Sherlock's mouth with two of his fingers. Sherlock tilted his head back and opened his mouth to accommodate another finger.
"Everything... I... you..." John stammered, casting about desperately for words. "You were a virgin."
"You know why I'm here?"
He turned over and tried to fall back asleep, but just when he'd found a position that didn't hurt, someone rattled at the door asking for John.
And I made another picset!
It was an odd admission on the part of his brother - to admit he wasn't without fault - and it was so forthright that Sherlock felt he needed to make a similar declaration.
That wasn't at all what Mycroft had wanted to say with his statement. The obvious misunderstanding and the resulting implications made Mycroft momentarily speechless - which fortunately went unnoticed, as Greg leaned over to him and sealed his mouth with a rather long, rather deep, and rather wet kiss.
"How..." was all Sherlock managed to get past his dry lips, virtually whimpering.
"You concocted fantasies about me? For shame, Inspector!" Mycroft cried in mock reproach as he unbuttoned Greg's shirt.
"BULLSHIT!" Greg interrupted the mayor crassly. "You were there! I read it in the paper the next day. You visited all the other police officers there who'd been hurt."
Mike sighed and set about combing through John's diary for alternate meeting times to offer to the various contacts. After a while, he raised his head and noticed that John was staring out the window, completely lost in thought.
"Higgins," Mike answered promptly. "He'll know who pulled the trigger before the police can issue a warrant."
for me," she responded in a tone of voice that indicated any further discussion would be superfluous. "He's more than earned the strawberries."
EDIT:
'. South Americans don't usually take well to things like that," Sherlock objected calmly. "But I could..."
?" The last word was barely more than a wisp of air, and came across more like an afterthought than an actual request. But John knew how difficult it was for Sherlock to ask rather than to simply demand, and he decided to fulfil the request. After all that Sherlock had done for him that evening, a little reward couldn't hurt.
One night, he lay awake in bed and listened to the silence in the house, which seemed to become more suffocating with every passing minute.
"Yes."
“Thank you,” Sherlock breathed against his shoulder.
"But you said you had John and if I ever wanted to see him alive again..."
"Sherlock – my little angel," she whispered affectionately, and held her hand out.
"Then it's too late for a wreath." He cleared his throat. "Why have you called? Did she have any debts that need to be repaid?"
With his words, John hit on a sore spot from the neverending discussion they'd been having over the past few days, and he knew it. Still, he hadn't held back from making the same remark every time he had the opportunity to do so. He might accept Sherlock's strict refusal to leave the house, but that didn't mean he had to understand it. In fact, he had less and less sympathy for this game of hide-and-seek, even though he swore he'd give Sherlock the time he needed to either put an end to his behaviour or come clean with John. But in the past few weeks, his nerves had been taxed so heavily with other things that they were no longer as hardy as they had been in the relatively quiet months before. And Sherlock was a master at riding those raw nerves in a way that John found difficult to bear given the current situation.
"Oh," Mike said, chastened.
"Why not?" Mike asked, bewildered. "She seemed quite nice and easy-going..."
"My darling," Violet murmured, her voice thick. "It's not up to me. Just be good and do what Aunt Doris says." She placed a light kiss on his wild curls.
"That's..." Sherlock paused. "Really? I mean... and you... you really... because of me? You would have knocked his teeth out for me?" It sounded both bewildered and touched at the same time.
Neither man said anything for a while. Then John pressed a kiss into the unruly curls and whispered, "I think we need to talk..."
Sherlock felt like he was a plaything of his own lust and John's desire, with no will of his own, felt that sweet, incomparable, destructive urge rising in him.
Sherlock's Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed hard, but he remained standing where he was, not budging a single millimetre. "If you'd like, you can start with the riding crop."
"Oh, it's simple!" Sherlock exclaimed somewhat condescendingly. "He's going to try to get one of your staff members on his side. If he hasn't already done so."
John's hands caressed Sherlock's thighs before pulling his buttocks apart so that he could see the handle with his initials better. His gaze became soft, almost reverent, before his fingers slid over the end of the plug and tapped it softly. Sherlock stretched toward him luxuriantly, and that greedy gleam appeared in John's eyes once more.
He felt vaguely that his bonds were removed. Limp and satiated, he sank down beside John. His pillar of strength. His fortress. His anchor.
Fantastic. Wonderful. Just what he needed... another piece of evidence that John felt nothing for him. All right, perhaps not
“That's none of your business.”
Then he collapsed over the backrest and hung there like a piece of wet laundry over a washline. He really couldn't have cared less.
"She's already been to see you?" Jason's voice sounded rather thin on the other end of the line.
John admired Sherlock's fighting spirit, while at the same time shaking his head at the foolishness in talking to him like
Yet despite the fact that Sherlock presented his unclothed body with an everyday lack of concern, he remained where he was on the threshold, indecisive and almost apprehensive. John swallowed hard. A bitter taste rose to his tongue.
"Sherlock... no..." John said softly, shaking his head.
John's voice, therefore, laced with a frostiness he wasn't prepared for, made him flinch.
John's heart was hammering against his chest. With a low growl, he pulled Sherlock down onto his lap, his legs spread, and covered the incredibly long, seductive neck with greedy kisses. His hands grabbed Sherlock's firm arse and he rubbed his own crotch against the hard, hot length behind the wet spot in Sherlock's pyjamas. Sherlock slung one arm around John's shoulders and clung to him.
"Hardly," said Sherlock, appearing almost self-conscious for a moment. And in fact, he did end up having to stretch the elastic waistband of his trousers in order to get it over his half-hard penis. But then he was free of them and stepped into the entrance to the shower area, only to stop there uncertainly. Once again, he exhibited that - actually atypical - timidity and hopeful disbelief that came over him in certain situations, and which John never tired of marvelling at.
That was confirmation enough for Sherlock. He laughed incredulously.
on his
"So I'm meant to remain completely... abstinent?" he asked in a deep voice, nestling into John's arms even more.
"I'm not talking about the case!" John interrupted him brusquely.
John noted a pensive glimmer in those pale eyes.
"Why?" Mike asked, unimpressed. "Why shouldn't you see him again? You could set up regular appointments with him. All right, so he's a prostitute. So what? At least he's a professional. You haven't had much luck with amateurs lately. Pay him. Spend a couple of nice hours with him. I won't think any less of you. You're my friend. If it makes you feel better, what do I care what the reason is?" He shrugged his shoulders easily. "And when you're done with him... when it's over – then buy him a nice watch, tell him
An unhappy bark of laughter sounded.
I might give you the corpse, and maybe even enough useful evidence for you to look good in the public eye. It might also be more appropriate not to discuss things like this over the phone. Why don't we meet at noon tomorrow in the usual place?"
"I can overextend my neck, and you..."
What would be so bad about Sherlock making good on his threat and refusing to ...
A faint blush crept over Sherlock's cheeks, but the quizzical, slightly confused look remained. "I don't beg," he declared.
"Two minutes," John reported neutrally.
When he was able to distinguish top from bottom again, he was lying on his back on the bed, his ribs and shoulder sockets hurting like hell. He tried to sit up, but a fist that seemed to come out of nowhere slammed into his chin, and he collapsed back onto the mattress.
"They wouldn't give him to you," Violet contradicted her gently. "You're divorced, and you're not a relative."
Sherlock stared blankly into the distance. “Might it be...” he muttered to himself before returning to the present with a jerk. “Pictures!” he demanded imperiously. “Are there any pictures of Moran?”
"That could be arranged," Mycroft said - a bit hesitantly, to be sure, but it was clear that he wasn't entirely opposed to the idea.
wouldn't even be here anymore because you would have been bored to tears by them."
Now it was Sherlock's turn to give John a blank look. "Why?"
The effect that action had on Sherlock was astonishing. From one moment to the next, the expression on his face became one of delighted and incredulous wonder.
During the entire visit, Sherlock had found it nearly impossible to keep his hands to himself and not convince John to join him for a highly immoral and inappropriate quickie in the men's loo. His self-control had abandoned him entirely in the taxi on the way home later that night, and ever since that memorable day, Sherlock had to admit that he didn't just have a slight uniform fetish; he was also the proud owner of a
Ginger rang the buzzer on the door following a nod from John.
He didn't know.
"Not really. The mafia being such good Catholics, crime takes a holiday for Christmas too," he answered with a shrug. "There were just a couple of hotheads down south in Roehampton who thought they could spit in our soup."
"All right, fine," he finally said, picking up his smart phone. He held it so that Sherlock could see the screen. It showed a lurid headline about a drugs bust. "That's why," John said, speaking with emphasis. "That's why I need to go. Because of this bloody Donovan. The bint is going after us. Three of my boys died in a shoot-out with the cops, and I can't even go to the funeral without ending up further in that cow's sights than I already am. She's got it in for me either way!" John had worked himself up into a fury and was now gnawing on his bottom lip. He slammed the phone back down onto the table with more force than was probably good for the device. "She must have information. Insider information. She always knows when we're planning something big... and her troops are always there. That's why I need to go, Sherlock. We need to hold a meeting and unfortunately, we can't do that in London. Things are getting too hot here."
Sherlock hissed as if he were suffering greatly. It was his sixth day in hospital.
"It's been a while anyway..." John admitted with a soft, pensive smile.
"Did you have a bad dream again, Mr Sigerson?" a female voice inquired.
A hungry sigh brushed across John’s lips as his fingers touched the small metal ring with a tiny ball. Carefully, he felt for the channel and moved the ring slightly. He felt a shudder pass through Sherlock’s body and paused.
There was silence for the space of several moments.
' and the magic would be ruined. No, I'm not going to do that. This one time I've managed to astound you, I'd like to maintain the illusion as long as possible," Mike said with a rather generous portion of smugness.
"Oh yes, you can," John replied impassively. "Come on... assume the position. Did you really think I was finished with your arse?"
“Did you at least patch him up properly and take good care of him?” he pressed.
"Oh... I'm sure I can think of something..." Sherlock whispered, licked his lips, and sank down onto his knees between John's splayed legs.
"Why wait until tonight?" Sherlock whispered roughly against John's lips between two kisses, pressing against him in an unambiguous manner.
"No, I don't want anything," Sherlock declined absently. "You really don't know why Mycroft is here?" he pressed.
John sighed. He lay on his back on the bed with Sherlock between his splayed legs, intently scrutinising his primary genitalia.
), giving him no other choice than to accede to the request with a nervous twitch of his right eye. Irene accepted the cup with elegance and as if she'd never expected anything else.
"No," Sherlock answered simply. "I used an enema earlier, but that's it," he added in a languorous manner.
John, who had never looked at him askance, and who was permanently surrounded by the faint aroma of gunpowder, metal, and gun oil.
"The conference is going about the way I expected," John answered somewhat evasively, in the hope that Sherlock wouldn't be quite as obstinate as usual following his spectacular orgasm.
Once he was in the desired position, his legs spread wide, he turned his head toward John. His fascinating eyes were sparkling with life before he closed them and presented his arse to John for the first blow.
"Because that was what you needed," Sherlock answered simply.
Sherlock stopped after just a few steps, taking in the impressive entryway with the curved staircase and the chandelier hanging from the high ceiling. John joined him, following his eyes.
"The meeting over already?" Mike asked, glancing up from the two-page letter he was holding in his hands.
He'd gone to brothels in the past, but he generally preferred to have his lovers close by at all times, ready for action whenever he wanted it, so to speak. At least prostitution was an honest business. Well, except for the fact that they were usually faking their enjoyment, which was something else that John hated on principle. On the other hand ... he paid, and his plaything did what it was asked to. His wishes were fulfilled, and his appetites satisfied. Was it really so important whether their enthusiasm was fake?
If Mycroft hadn't shown up that evening, Sherlock would have confessed his love for John right there in that accursed reservoir, holding nothing back. But Mycroft's presence had sealed his lips quite thoroughly. Everything that had happened since then - every look, every gesture - had told Sherlock as clear as day that John returned his unspoken feelings. Yet he hadn't said anything either. Not one word. Down to that day, John hadn't said anything at all that might indicate any deeper emotions, much less
Irene shook her head, both touched and irritated. "Sherlock, you don't have to tell me this. It's..."
John stopped in his tracks.
Sherlock's nostrils flared slightly. His mouth narrowed to a thin line. "No one regrets it more than I," he replied sweetly, making himself comfortable on the arm of John's chair.
"Again?!"
Sherlock took Mike's advice and went to his old bedroom, but he didn't lock the door. In fact, he left it open a crack so he'd be sure not to miss John's return. He paced back and forth nervously in the room, with its green decor. Wasn't green supposed to calm the nerves?
Sherlock shuddered visibly at the words, but he was still able to appear cool and disdainful. "You'd never know for sure."
“Say it, Sherlock. What do you want me to do?”
"John hasn't enjoyed his coffee since Jacques left. That cannot be allowed to continue. Without all the workers in the house and without the affair with Moran it might have been all right... but now?" Sherlock shook his head, making his dark curls dance. "John needs his coffee."
might offer you." Sherlock opened his eyes to find John's dark gaze resting on him. "Come here..." John demanded. Sherlock went.
But then all of a sudden there was nothing.
was a weasel if I've ever seen one! Good riddance."
"Psychosomatic!" he then spat derisively. "You have that from that Ella! She's the only one who could have put that into your head! God, I hate that woman! What else have you told her about me?"
Hank tried to make himself as small as possible, which was basically impossible given his nearly two-metre frame and his weight of over 200 pounds.
Mike tilted his head thoughtfully. "Sherlock... I don't know... I can ask John what he thinks..."
Sherlock was alone.
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock told him solemnly and brushed a kiss on his knuckles.
John had never told Sherlock whether it had been difficult to shoot him... what had gone through his head... what he'd felt... whether it had been wrong of Sherlock to ask something like that of him.
John only smiled in satisfaction and did his best to avoid stimulating Sherlock's magic spot again now that he'd found it, until Sherlock began to sob with arousal, desire, and frustration.
"And what does that have to do with..."
Sherlock felt John's body heat through the material of his sock, felt the way John willingly accommodated him, scooting his hips forward on his chair, and then there was a hard, hot bulge under the sole of his foot. The silence surrounding the two men was no longer unpleasant or strained; instead, it was laden with a crackling, electric tension. The only sounds were Sherlock's moans and John's heavy breathing. The hard length beneath Sherlock's foot twitched, and he wiggled his toes to stimulate John further.
Mike nodded. "Yes, he always uses those highbrow expressions. Don't you, John?"
A long, drawn-out moan emanated from Sherlock's mouth.
"You are amazing," John said with a warm smile in curious contrast to the obvious bulge in his trousers, his eyes bright and flashing. He wiped the sticky, sweaty strands of hair off Sherlock's forehead and ran his thumb tenderly over Sherlock's parched lips. "Just a little more... then... it will be time," he said rather cryptically, but Sherlock was too wrapped up with himself, with the sensations of pain, lust, and arousal wracking his body, to ask John what he meant by that. Talking … asking... thinking... it all required a concerted effort that Sherlock would rather employ so as not to let himself hang too heavily in his bonds, and to continue squeezing his muscles pleasurably around the plug.
"Here?" The word came out of the speaker in a horrified squeak. "John? Are you... at a police station? All right – no matter what they're accusing you of... I'll get you out! Just sit tight and don't say anything. Do you hear me? Nothing!"
Teaser: (pics from Martin Freeman are taken from the movie "Wild Target")
"My God... Sherlock... what are you doing to me..."
The most important thing, though, was not to overdo things; tractability could turn into hatred quite easily... easily and, in general, irrevocably. That was something else he'd learned from Sherlock. But he'd been young himself back then. Now he was older and wiser. A misstep - a miscalculation - like that wouldn't happen to him again.
"I'm not planning on changing careers," Albright stated neutrally.
John found himself the target of an appraising look directed at him from beneath the furrowed brow.
"Fine by me," Cooper grumbled.
Mycroft Holmes stood there as stiff as a block of ice, waiting until John stopped cursing.
"Yes. Make me not be so bored," Sherlock demanded in a whingy, nagging voice.
John pulled his arm back again - and once again, it was a perfect strike. Sherlock ran his tongue over his dry lips and tried to moisten his throat with convulsive swallows. In vain. Just like the desperate twitching of his erection, which hadn't flagged once the whole time but had remained jutting away from his body, red, fat, and dripping.
As they shared a cigarette, passing it back and forth between their lips, Greg viewed the photos on Mycroft's mobile phone with delight.
"Yes..." Sherlock admitted grudgingly. "But that doesn't mean..."
"Yes, I like it," he said softly, and had the satisfaction to see John's eyes light up, and his almost absurd suspicion - that he was important enough to John after all for him to have worried about his accommodations - was confirmed.
touched me there since..."
regular customer."
Mike shook his head but gave a positive answer to Sherlock's impatient question, and they got back to their work.
"Are we going to be treated to the sight of a grief-stricken mayor?" John asked, grinning.
His own hands moved across John's back, his lips opened to him unreservedly, his body pressed closer to John, trying to meld with him... become one with him... forever and always.
"Yeah?"
"You're back..." Sherlock repeated softly, his voice filled with disbelief and awe-filled amazement. "... for
He lifted his eyes as best he could to look at John. Then his mouth opened just a bit more, and the cream ran down John's penis in tiny rivulets.
This was his bed.
boyfriend? A relationship?”
Irene was about to light into Hank when she realised what he'd said a few moments ago. "Wait... he has a gun?"
Sherlock felt a kiss on the back of his neck, and he stretched, luxuriating in the sensation.
"That was Sherlock Sigerson," John answered tersely. It wasn't his intention to keep his relationship with Sherlock a secret, but he hadn't planned on revealing it in this manner.
“No, of course not. Why should I have?” John asked with a distinct lack of concern.
Sweaty, sticky, thoroughly shagged, the traces of the riding crop still showing on his buttocks, and his head filled with romantic, sentimental, emotional slop.
"No, I don't," Sherlock interjected. "And '
"Of course," Sherlock breathed out, arching his back insistently. All of a sudden, however, he broke off mid-motion. "John?" he asked in alarm. "You're not going to..."
"You wouldn't," he said quietly. "You're not that stupid."
"Little late, what, lads?" he asked in an undertone.
The masons and electricians had cleared out, but more tradesmen had invaded the new bathroom like a plague of locusts, where they were laying tiles and installing every imaginable accoutrement, from bathtub to bidet, as long as it was decadent … and expensive.
"Anything new about Donovan?" Greg asked, coming closer to get a look at the phone as well.
Sherlock snorted derisively. "Mycroft thought Moran..." He tried to find the right words. "He thought I'd chosen Moran as your... successor. As my next protector, so to speak."
His glance included Sherlock, but Sherlock had no illusions as to the importance of his opinion.
"I thought you might be interested."
They'd reached
," Sherlock automatically corrected him. "Yes, I... I still have the glasses somewhere. Should I..."
In record time, Sherlock had conjured up a hard, throbbing erection, which he pushed deep into his throat for the third time now, going at an agonisingly slow pace. The sensual slow-motion almost drove John mad and yet he endured it, let Sherlock torment him the same way he'd tormented Sherlock earlier. He let Sherlock swallow him twice more to the hilt while he hummed. The vibrations around his hard flesh were magnificent, and practically certain to drive a man insane. When Sherlock let him go far enough that he was just suckling on the glans, John seized his chance and dragged Sherlock up by the hair.
Sherlock spread his arms. "I didn't want to get on her bad side... after all, I did call rather late - or early, depending on how..." He broke off at Mike's impatient snort. "I was simply nice to her... I can be quite convincing and rather charming... when I want to be," he admitted, unconcerned. "I might have overdone it slightly. I'm a bit out of practise."
“How are you?” Mike asked, not deigning to honour the criticism with a reply. “And don’t say ‘
Once again, Sherlock swallowed with difficulty and lifted his eyes a bit higher until he reached John's face. John nodded tersely, satisfied.
?” He shook his head in disbelief. “That's nonsense! Sherlock – I could help you.”
As Sherlock didn't see his suitcases anywhere, he began to understand that he was going to have his own room. Therefore, he wasn't unprepared for John's next statement.
Mike gaped at him, his mouth hanging open. Then he gave himself a shake. “A plug... you want to give him a gold-plated butt plug with your initials on it?” he cried, aghast.
A second moan with a different pitch joined the first one.
"Hmmm," John went, as if thinking about it, before saying decisively, "No."
I really hope I’ve thought of everything now. Every time I thought I was finished, one more comment or idea sprang to mind that I absolutely needed to work into this in order to reinforce the contents of earlier chapters or to prepare for future ones. And then I had to rearrange and rewrite entire paragraphs.
Before Sherlock answered, he removed his belt from the loops of his trousers and laid it on the chair next to his jacket.
This manner of locomotion had always appeared absurd – or at least extremely obsequious - on every other man John had known. But not on Sherlock. Now, it reminded him of the feline movements of a panther, tracking its prey with animalistic instinct in order to pounce at just the right moment.
"Why are you doing this, Doc?!" he cried out, his voice shaking. "Why? I kept my end of the deal! I did everything you wanted! Why are you doing this to me? We never said anything about this!"
Since his hands were still on Sherlock's chest and thus now trapped between their bodies, John continued stroking the small, hard nipples, earning the first moan from the slightly parted lips hovering near his ear.
Sherlock made a sound that was suspiciously like a purr and then demanded, "Bed," once again stretching his arms out to John as before.
"There's a couch down there!" Sherlock protested.
The first group of tradespeople descended on John's house, distributing dirt and dust throughout the house with all the skill associated with their profession, not only where they were working but also in rooms they never so much as set foot in. It was a mystery that fascinated Sherlock despite himself, and glazed over the inconvenience of having a burgeoning construction site in the house, at least for a few days.
"Next time we're playing chess," Sherlock remarked sourly as he picked one of the figures.
John shrugged his shoulders. “What can I say? Miss Adler took my money without any complaints.”
and was one of the leading crimelords in London, his curiosity was irrevocably piqued.
Indeed.
There really is a ferry connection between Harwich and Hoek in Holland:
As Moriarty continued to ramble on and on, it became clear to Sherlock that he really was the only leverage Moriarty could use to achieve his goals. And that had put an end to Sherlock's deliberations. He'd made his decision. He would die in order to assure John's survival.
John inhaled loudly. His mouth became a hard, thin line. He snapped his head around toward Charlie like a cobra, making him start and flinch.
, if you will. Believe me, if I didn't see it like that, I'd be completely out of my depth in this business."
Just as John was about to congratulate himself on his powers of persuasion, Sherlock succeeded in sweeping the rug out from under him with that single sentence.
"No," John agreed. "Problem?"
This wasn't for him.
Picset!!
John's voice - in contrast to his eyes - was warm and familiar, and the image arose in Sherlock's mind of the time at Irene's place, when John had told him to keep his shirt on too.
? Sherlock didn't know. He realised at that moment, heartsore, that he had no basis for comparison. No one had ever given him a look filled with love before. Lust... yes... often enough. But love?
"No, of course not. Most of them have their own places with their families. But anyone who wants to can live here. They don't have to, though." John tilted his head from side to side as if qualifying his response. "Except the cook. It's important to me that she lives here."
Albright ground his teeth, but he nodded grudgingly.
"I..." Greg said. Then he cut himself off. This was apparently not the day for answers. Greg surrendered. For the time being. "Yes. It's fine. But I could still..."
“Thomas - please go and get Mrs Turner, as well as Anthea and Eleanor. I have something to tell you all.”
Greg's grin widened. "Very smart, in fact. But... Might it be that someone's jealous?"
Sherlock suppressed a yawn and applied himself a bit more. What was wrong with whorehouse clients these days? No imagination ... no refinement... had it always been like this or was he just noticing it now – now that he had John to compare them to?
"Course not, boss," Bridges hurried to assure him. He flipped on the turn signal and followed the route designated by the man who signed his pay-cheque. He sent the bodyguard on the seat next to him a worried look, but he only replied with a barely noticeable shrug.
"I went to the ATM this morning, but I was already too late. She's emptied our joint account and blocked my access," Greg continued his lament. "I have no idea how she managed it."
The reddened, slightly swollen ring of muscle wrapped tightly around the rubberised connector between two of the beads...
“I can't,” he whispered, his voice shaking. “I can't. God, I wish I could!” he cried out loudly before letting his head sink even lower.
Irene looked him over with an air of appraisal. "I can't imagine that being the case. How can you be so sure?"
I only tempered with the colour.
The key hadn't been left in the other side then... John must have taken it with him.
"Do I really need to repeat myself?" John asked, a hint of warning in his tone. "Just lick, I said. Just lick the head very carefully."
"Do you think we might move on to the second condition?" John finally asked, smirking.
"I'd miss you too," John whispered gruffly, once Sherlock let him have enough air to do so. "Terribly."
"Hmm," John agreed, taking a seat across from him.
John's grin became wider. "I don't know what your problem is. It's perfect! It's dark enough that we won't be recognised... it's too loud to be overheard... and everyone else here is so involved with their own business... even Prince Charles could rub one out in here without being noticed."
It was exquisite.
Sherlock thought, saying instead with a short laugh, "Those battles were really quite legendary."
"I ... I can't. I can't do it," he said in a shaky voice, and held his breath waiting for an answer, his heart pounding painfully. He found it strangely comforting that John didn't make any move to untie him.
"If you did what I said more often you wouldn't have that pain in your neck right now," John stated. "And now come on. Up with you." He stood up and held out his hand for Sherlock. Sherlock took it and stood, ending up directly in front of him rather more quickly than he'd expected, looking down at him through half-lidded eyes.
Sherlock shuddered, and his penis jerked. "Please..." he begged, his voice choked. "John...
"That works entirely in my favour as well," John answered obligingly. "I'm not very keen on having certain connections between the two of us made public."
"That bad?" Sherlock prodded, and John sighed in defeat.
." The shadow of a fiendish smile played around the edges of his mouth.
"It's just ... John?" Sherlock hemmed and hawed and John looked up in surprise. "If I... if I ever... can you promise me something?"
"Is it actually harder to quit smoking than drugs?"
John laughed bitterly. “You mean instead of spending so much time fucking Sherlock I should look for a
"I... what..." the man stammered, before gathering his wits. "My dick's made a helluva lot of boys happy. It's not my fault you can't get it up. Maybe Irene should be handing out Viagra..."
"Yes. I'm very glad for that," Sherlock stated. He enjoyed John's touch and relaxed further, no longer feeling that the darkness was so oppressive; rather, it was like a protective cloak spread over the two of them. "Do you honestly think I became the world's best cocksucker just like that overnight?" he joked. "No, sir. That took years of practise." He fell silent for a moment, wondering whether he should really speak the next words that lay on his tongue. He decided in favour of it. It might not be the most romantic thing to say - perhaps it was even the most preposterous thing he could say at the moment - but he wanted John to know what he thought about it and how he felt. Even though it always stung a little when he thought of John's former acquaintances, the whole thing did have a very definite advantage.
Sherlock snorted. "My other clients compensated you more than enough for that. Didn't you buy a pair of holiday homes a couple of months after I started working for you?"
"What now?" John heard Albright's sharp voice over the susurration in his ears. "Did he have to be eliminated because he was getting too expensive for you, Doc? Do you need your money for something else? Is your little fag starting to make demands?
When this gif set popped up on my tumblr dash sometime at the end of April or beginning of May, 2013, and gave me the first few naughty ideas... I never would have imagined where it would all end... not even if someone had told me.
"He shot at me," John explained with an equanimity he'd only rediscovered recently in Sherlock's arms. They'd made it to the bed by now, where Sherlock was plastered to John like an ivy branch around a tree trunk, and John was thoroughly enjoying the full-on contact.
"What is that?" Sherlock blurted out.
"Yeah, the gardener and one of the maids. My bodyguards switch off. One of them always sleeps here, though," John explained and continued up the stairs. "Sometimes Bridges, the chauffeur. Depends whether it's been a long day and if I'll need him again first thing in the morning."
"And?" Sherlock prodded keenly. "What about this Jim? Did anything ever come of it?"
"You're back." Sherlock said the words before he had a chance to think about them. But to his surprise, he found that he regretted neither the content nor the impulsiveness of his statement.
"Oh, Mycroft..." he whispered, ashamed. "I..." he started, but broke off again when he didn't know what else to say.
"I'm just trying to make you more comfortable," John replied gently, placing one arm around Sherlock's shoulders and the other under his knees and lifting him from the table to carry him over to the small, cosy couch, where he set him down carefully on the soft cushions.
Mike almost felt he'd received confirmation of his suspicions when all that light, all the gentleness, all the mellifluence dropped away with astonishing speed and ease the moment Jacques left the office and the three of them were alone once more.
Jacques frowned and already had his mouth open to reply when the sound of a car driving up sounded over the delicate strains of the violin.
Sherlock sobbed, his entire body shaking as he climaxed and came as well... tried to come... tried to ejaculate... his body kept on jerking and convulsing... his testicles squeezed and contracted... semen shot into his throbbing cock over and over... without being able to spill... a never-ending orgasm.
"Because those two apes always end up causing a bloodbath with all those knives," Mike explained with a sigh. "Let me set something up with Luigi and Paul. Those two are quick, quiet, efficient, and they don't leave a mess behind. They're exactly the way killers should be: reliable and clean. Not like those Schultz brothers, the butchers." His mouth twisted scornfully.
The loud slapping sound almost got lost in Sherlock's pleasure-filled groan, and John wondered how long pain and pleasure would remain in balance, and how many blows would be necessary to turn the lust-filled moans into tearful whimpers.
Moriarty's pistol, left without a target, now pointed at empty space. John whipped around and shot at Moriarty, who gaped at him with a look of horror. A small red spot bloomed on the white shirt that was visible under Moriarty's coat. John heard the woman scream something inarticulate, the sound ringing in his ears. He ducked instinctively. A bullet sizzled past just over his head. He rounded on her and fired two more shots from where he was crouched.
Sherlock never found out exactly what his mysterious client told Miss Adler, but at least he knew now that it was none other than John Watson.
"If you'd finally open my bloody flies," John growled, "I'll show you." He groaned when his erection was finally freed and his hot skin was being caressed by Sherlock's soft fingers and the mild night air. "Now you..." he ordered gruffly and watched as Sherlock struggled to push down the waistband of his pyjamas - his teeth buried in his lower lip -, stretched the elastic and took out his erect penis. Then he paused. He held his hard shaft - its tip glistening wetly - in a loose grip. He was still biting down on his lower lip, awaiting John's next instruction.
"Mike... you sound like a broken CD."
John pursed his lips. "Your choice..."
John chewed on the inside of his cheek. "You might say that..." he remarked slowly. Sherlock's eyes narrowed. What was going on? Was John uneasy? Why should he be uneasy? "You do drugs," John stated somewhat abruptly, giving Sherlock only a fleeting glance.
"Never!"
It took quite a bit of effort, but he managed to withstand the temptation to smooth his hand one last time over his hair, or to fiddle with his cufflinks. With a deadpan expression, a proud, upright stance, his hands linked behind his back, he stood in the middle of the room waiting for John.
“Ooohhh... oh, John...”
"The burning car, sir," Bridges whispered urgently. "It was a bomb. Dimmock's dead. They just reported it on the radio."
"That's better," John growled, although not in an unfriendly way, and began to bind Sherlock's lower arms together. He took his time and kept checking whether the ropes cut too much into Sherlock's skin, and whether his blood was still flowing. When he was finally satisfied, he tied the ends of the ropes to the legs of the table.
Sherlock decided not to think anymore about the fact that he'd lied to John; not to think about the fact that Mycroft could destroy everything at any time with a single word. Instead, he decided to enjoy to the fullest every single one of the infinitely precious moments that were left to him to spend with John, unburdened by anything, as much as that was possible.
"They're probably a hell of a good shag," Thomas said, grinning cheekily, before hurrying off to bring Sherlock his water.
"Good," Sherlock answered nonchalantly and yawned. "I just wanted to make sure."
"JOHN!"
This time it was the main attraction.
"Why?" Sherlock asked hesitantly, his brow creasing.
Jack grunted his agreement. "That fancy bastard didn't miss a trick. Couldn't even palm a single gram of coke anymore. Not a one... not a chance."
The more relaxed mood disappeared as quickly and as suddenly as it had come. Sherlock twisted John's handkerchief between his fingers again.
- the properties of surgical knives
This seemed to take some of the wind out of Albright's sails. "You'd better do, Watson!" he hissed in a threatening manner anyway, turned on his heel and stormed out.
John's eyes appeared to be almost black at that distance, his face was glowing, and the look he was giving Sherlock in the mirror... that look...
Finally, John turned toward him, cleared his throat and said, "This is a little weird."
John's lowered voice... the faint scent of gun oil and metal that always surrounded him, emanating an aura of danger... the tantalising words... it all made Sherlock's knees go weak and his penis become hard.
"Yes," Sherlock said to ease his mind. Mike only meant well. It was a strange feeling to have someone mean well with him who he wasn't having sex with and who didn't gain any other advantage from it. Just because. "If I need anything, I'll let someone know."
- the Winter Wonderland festival in Hyde Park
"You said yourself during our last session that you needed to discuss it with him."
Perplexed and a little uncertain, Mike blinked back and forth from John to Sherlock.
"We agreed this is the only option. At least there's no nosy concierge here."
Without turning around, John said coldly, "Close the door behind you and kneel down."
"Yes, Captain," Sherlock said hoarsely, grateful for the generous cut of his coat.
"Good."
John swallowed, his throat dry, and ran his tongue greedily across his upper lip at the unexpected sight. The way Sherlock stood in the open doorway, the room behind him softly illuminated, his shirt unbuttoned down to his navel, his hips tilted provocatively forward, his dark curls in artful disarray and a pair of dark, horn-rimmed glasses John had never seen before perched on his nose … Sherlock came across as the fantasy of a gay porn director come alive.
"...are soft enough," Sherlock interjected firmly. "Please, John."
"Is there any advantage in it for me to know what this is all about?" Irene asked, exercising wise restraint.
to say them, but first he needed to get them past his lips.
Sherlock stared up at him. Waves of pain and pleasure coursed through his body, and it took his brain a while to decode the message contained in John's words.
"Yeah," Naresh verified. "It's deserted out there."
"I don't know," John admitted. "But something's going on."
"I..." Sherlock began, only to fall silent. John could virtually hear the cogs turning in his brain. "I... don't believe so..." Sherlock finally said, both hesitant and with a certain amount of wonder.
Mabel clapped him on the shoulder. "Just because he encourages your laziness..." she murmured before saying with clear disapproval: "He didn't even say
"We could mount the St Andrew's cross on that wall," Sherlock cut in. "And there'd be room for a spanking horse right next to it. Or a bondage chair... what do you think?" Sherlock directed his gaze at John and noted with a frown that John was looking at him as if Sherlock had lost his mind. "John?" he asked, confused.
"Yes," Sherlock lied, adding to himself
oooOOOoooOOOoooOOOooo
The drive from London had taken them through increasingly bucolic landscapes until John was convinced they were going to run into a herd of cows around the next bend in the road. After they parked their car, they walked together along the main path, past majestic trees that seemed to be stretching their bare branches toward the sun, as if in supplication for a renewal of all things living. Yet despite the mild temperature, spring - and thus the start of a new cycle from bud to blossom to blade - was some way off yet.
Mycroft blinked.
That was three hours ago. Now he was here. Shaking with tension and anticipation.
"Say what you have to say, Watson," Albright declared. "Moran's my right hand - I don't have any secrets from him."
The door opened, and John swivelled his head to see who was disturbing him.
It probably didn't make any difference that the offer had come from Sherlock himself that time, whereas this time John would be the one asking... or did it? Was that why he was hesitating? But he'd have to ask him... because what he needed, what he had in mind... Sherlock would never think of
Mycroft tilted his head in acknowledgment. "There is a remote possibility that I may have let your name drop on one or two occasions."
Scant seconds later, Sherlock's flies were open as well and his fingers were rubbing his hard penis rather than the soft material of his trousers. Sherlock tilted his head back and a long, drawn-out sigh escaped his lips.
"When it comes to what's best for me... you've been right more often than I have in the past," Sherlock replied easily. "Trust me... if I hadn't wanted it... I still could have kicked you in the shins." And after a short pause, he added, "Like Peggy Brown."
"You've never gone without anything," Victor retorted with a look that made it clear he didn't believe a word John was saying.
Mycroft Holmes strode between the pillars flanking the main entrance to the pale cream-coloured, neo-baroque building. Once inside, he turned right, where he spotted John Watson a short distance away. Mycroft made his way through the various tourist groups and took up an inconspicuous position near John.
Sherlock listened for Mike's response, but when nothing was forthcoming, he called out, "Mike?"
"John... please..." he moaned. "Fuck me now." Another viscous drop of clear precome ran down the head of his penis and landed in the smeary ashtray between his legs. He swallowed. "I want to... come... I need to! I need you!" he blurted out wildly. Everything in him was vibrating, his desire was eating him up from the inside, he felt as if he were nothing more than a single erogenous zone.
“Happy.” John made sure to snort derisively at that. “I'll never be as happy as you and Susan anyway. And taking the two of you as the measure, then Sherlock is the second best thing I could ever hope to find. At least he satisfies all of my physical needs.”
But... the way things look... not even your extraordinary brain can work properly without a sufficient supply of blood."
"Like I've lost my marbles," Mike clarified.
"She was already making eyes at Sherlock," John explained with an ugly look on his face.
Beatles: „Let it be“ -
Okay, so this is as far as my original English story went. It's also where the fun really begins.
Mycroft Holmes was still wearing his waistcoat, but - in a concession to the rising temperatures - he'd unbuttoned it and loosened his tie. The result - whether intentional or not - was that he didn't present quite as
Why? Why did everything look the same as before? Why did everything smell the same as before? Feel the same as before? When nothing was the same at all?
An hour later, Violet awoke. As soon as she opened her eyes, she found herself looking into Sherlock's alert face. A gentle smile settled on her lips.
“No orgasm,” John agreed with a cruel grin that cut Sherlock to the quick. “For at least a week. All right?”
"Oh God!" Sherlock couldn't help screaming out with lust when he felt the pressure directly on the part of the body where he most desperately longed for it. Burning with desire, he tried to grind against John, driven by the desperate yearning for
"He has?" Mike said, astonished. Oh ho... if that was true, then John had figuratively
"You're making a mess again already," John took pleasure in reproaching him. "You are and will always be a knob slob. It looks like I'm going to have to punish you, like it or not."
All of a sudden, John thought of his bedroom... where Sherlock had played the violin for him... of the floor where he'd attacked Sherlock like some kind of animal... the bed where he'd hurt Sherlock again... and he knew he'd never manage to be happy in that room in the long run.
They walked on without saying anything. After a bit, Mike mentioned, "You miss him."
The weather in Harwich was miserable. The steady wind blowing off the sea penetrated even John's warmest woollen coat. It felt like his bones were freezing from the inside with no hope of spring, no hope of ever thawing out. He complained about it to Mike, who was walking beside him as they wandered the streets looking for a halfway decent restaurant for lunch (the place they'd had dinner at the night before being out of the question for a second meal).
"You shouldn't make it sound ridiculous," Mycroft interjected. "You have ideals. That's become a rare thing these days. As I said... I admire that in a man." Mycroft paused and looked down at his hands, which lay folded in his lap. Did he dare? Greg's odd formulation seemed to underscore his own assumptions... a misunderstanding wasn't entirely unthinkable, however, and would entail endless embarrassment. Should he wait a bit longer? For another time? For a better opportunity? He shook his head to himself and came to a decision. There would never be a better opportunity. Now or never.
Translation by the wonderful SwissMiss!
Etiquette (in German): http://www.de.cigarclan.com/articles/2008/1/01/index.shtml
Sherlock stood very still and very stiff beside John, his hands once again locked behind his back. "What if..." he began, biting his lower lip before continuing, "if you need-
"What are you waiting for,
“It is small. I have a small cock. There is no need to sugarcoat it. So?”
Sherlock ended the call and stared off into the distance.
"Yeah, getting closer..." John answered somewhat hesitantly. "But... to be honest... Queen?" A faint blush coloured his cheeks when he admitted his preference.
Nothing doing there until tomorrow evening at least. He felt completely empty and dried out. On the one hand, the thought filled him with a deep satisfaction, but at the same time that satisfaction didn't stop him from pouting. At least a little.
"John..." Mike murmured, troubled. "Oh, John... You didn't always think that."
"She never hugged us," Sherlock continued, making a helpless gesture. "She wasn't... she isn't... that type of person."
"Thanks," John said out of the blue, his voice raw. "Thank you for playing for me. I think I can sleep now..." He yawned as if in confirmation. "And that's what I need most. I'll go to Albright first thing tomorrow... and make him... see … reason..."
Some of his blood immediately shot up to John’s cheeks. However, a much more significant amount was still ensuring that a certain part of his anatomy formed an obvious bulge in his underpants. (John had decided to put on a newly purchased pair after his shower to make up for the lack of pyjamas. He was grateful for that, even though it didn’t really help him.) John closed his eyes tightly and gave in to the inevitable… it was too late to hide his hard-on under the duvet again. And it would look even more ridiculous if he tried to cover his arousal with his hands. So John gathered all his remaining composure and waited for the vicious mockery, the painful deductions and the merciless sarcasm that would leave Sherlock’s mouth any minute now.
John rinsed the shampoo out of his hair with his eyes squeezed shut then wiped the water away from his face. When he opened his eyes again, he became aware of a very familiar shape on the other side of the fogged-up glass. He stopped whistling and rubbed the steam away from the pane.
- "slut"
"Someone... somewhere..." Greg tried to cover up his lack of knowledge, and it was then that he became aware of what exactly it was that he'd asked. He tried feverishly to come up with a way of taking back the awkward, much too personal question without being left standing there like some idiot. The shirtsleeve atmosphere had misled him to think of Mycroft Holmes as his equal and strike up a tone with him that might have been suitable for a chat amongst colleagues but was decidedly inappropriate when his counterpart occupied the office of the mayor.
"Yes... no..." Sherlock sobbed, finally deciding on a beseeching "
Sherlock gave him a long look. "That question could occupy an army of psychologists for years." His forehead creased again for a moment before smoothing out again. "But here's the short version: because that's not what either of us wants."
Everything was calculated to make Sherlock feel that he was about to go mad with lust and desire. And to all appearances, John wasn't far from reaching that goal – which was a good thing, since he was also just about at his limit. His stiff member pressed against the inside of his trousers, and every movement, every time he rubbed against the material, stimulated him more. His underwear felt damp and slick, and John was certain it was more than just sweat. He was probably leaking as much as Sherlock had at the beginning.
Disbelief and arousal fought for the upper hand in Sherlock. Within the time it took for John to round the table, Sherlock's penis had swollen to full size and was now pressing painfully against the flies of his trousers. His brain, on the other hand, was of another opinion entirely.
Bridges piloted the car expertly back into the stream of traffic and looked back at John in the rear-view mirror.
But then one thought came to the forefront, silencing all the other half-formed words:
." He threatened Mycroft with his index finger. "And don't you dare lie to me again!"
They finally found a pub with a selection that sounded good to them and had lunch there. After eating they planned to visit one of their men - a dock worker - to discuss what he was to do when the ferry arrived the next afternoon with its precious cargo.
"I want
"Oh?" Mycroft said and raised one eyebrow. "Was that smart?"
"Do we need to talk it to death?" Sherlock cut him off quietly.
"He can't lie there," he said seriously. "He'll catch his death after all the trouble we went to for him." Together, they managed to roll Sherlock onto his side and stuff the parka underneath him. "Better than nothing," Greg grunted.
And here's a little reward for those of you who have stuck it out this long:
And what did John do?
The client wasn't unknown around Irene's brothel, but Sherlock had never been requested by him before. But Romero – the boy who the client usually asked for – didn't work for Irene any more, so Sherlock had been offered, and the client agreed.
"You're not going to hear a no from me," Mike answered cheerfully.
"Those must have been some pretty boring years for you, at least up until the last eight months," Lestrade remarked neutrally, albeit with a healthy portion of self-deprecation. "The longer I sit here, the more I get the sneaking feeling that I... might have you to thank for my promotion."
And when he realised that his come – thanks to the plug – was still inside Sherlock's body, he felt his erection throb and spread a wet spot in his underwear.
Out of pure force of habit, John sent for coffee for everyone before remembering that Jacques wasn't there anymore. Oh well - the damage was already done. The coffee would be served and they'd drink it. The black brew the rest of the staff cooked up might taste awful, but at least it contained caffeine - and wasn't that the purpose of coffee? As a caffeine delivery system?
"I'd miss you too, Johnny-Boy," Mike's amused voice sounded from the background. "Are you going to snog me now too?"
"What do you want?"
of all people would take my brother in … without any ulterior motive, nota bene. You didn't know who he was when you brought him into your home. Therefore... the possibility of future extortion opportunities can't have factored into your decision. You're keeping him for some other reason. I presume those reasons are primarily of a sexual nature." His gaze became even more condescending and treacly, his voice more sarcastic. "Or are there actually feelings involved?"
The touch of a hand tore him away from the licentious fog and made him flinch.
Mycroft nodded slowly. Yes - there was something uneasy, something unsettled in the boy's eyes.
John blinked down at Sherlock in surprise and amusement.
But Lestrade didn't respond with anything more than a tired, long-suffering look at the mangling of his name. Sherlock frowned to himself. Ginger! Didn't that deserve at least an annoyed '
One of them was Doris Adler, Violet's best – and only – friend. The two women had been friends since the day Doris' curious little girl peeked into a pram during a walk through the park. Violet's newborn son was its occupant, and little Irene had exclaimed that there was an angel in the pram, wanting to know if the woman pushing him was the Virgin Mary.
"Are you going to play for me or make fun of me now?"
"I hope so!" Sherlock retorted cheerfully and pulled up his clothes.
"Easy," Greg declared, full of confidence. "Because, as I recently discovered, the first name of Watson's dubious new advisor - you know, that bloke Sigerson - well, I found out his first name's
The cut of the suit emphasised John's shoulders, even making him appear slightly taller than he really was. Sherlock could tell it wasn't bespoke, though. It was an expensive suit, purchased in an exclusive shop with expert advice, and it suited John extraordinarily well, but Sherlock had a hankering to admire John in a suit that had been made just for him. He wouldn't leave his side for an instant during the fittings, and the thought that some fancy tailor would ask him which side he dressed on – and forever thereafter bear that knowledge – was nearly insufferable. No, on second thought it was better if John continued to buy his clothing off the rack.
As soon as he set foot in the doorway, however, he remembered that he'd taken a bath with John and was clean – he didn't need to shower, as he usually did after working. He stopped where he was; his routine had been broken, and he didn't know what to do instead.
"How old are you?" John wanted to satisfy his curiosity regarding the prostitute's true age – as well as seeing how close he was with his own guess.
Oh yes... now it was time... now the real fun could begin...
"Mike … for the sake of our friendship: Not one - more - word."
and all that. Or... what do you think?" He slapped the leather tress lightly against Sherlock's cheek before sliding it over Sherlock's plump lips. A rosy pink tongue peeked out from between the red lips, and Sherlock licked the little leather tab playfully until it gleamed with moisture.
Sherlock pressed his jaw firmly closed. He didn't want to yawn in front of John again. John obviously wanted to have some fun with him - he couldn't flake out now... even if he was having a hard time. God - if only he weren't so bloody tired!
Mike cut in at this point. "Do you mean to say you suspect Mr Sigerson of having manipulated the numbers? Or myself even?"
On the other hand, he'd forgone the tie and left the top two buttons of his shirt undone. There was no reason to try to pretend at respectability when the entire household already knew their breadwinner had brought home a floozy. He might as well own up to it and show a little skin.
Sherlock looked at the handkerchief as if it were about to bite him, but in the end he took it.
“Sherlock… a… a massage is nice. A young girl is nice. A cup of tea can be nice.” John ran his fingers through his hair, tearing at it a bit. “But sex… sex should be… mind blowing! Thrilling! Overwhelming! Not…not
Sherlock stared at John for a moment, his eyes widened, and then John was on top of him, tearing his shirt open, undoing his trousers and yanking them down in a single motion. It wasn't an effect of impatient, urgent passion - even though there was already an impressive erection showing beneath John's trousers - it seemed to Sherlock more like the product of some pent-up, angry arousal.
"For me?" Sherlock asked in disbelief.
The complete silence before he felt it. Light as a feather. Like rain on his skin and then – a single blink later – the searing pain. The heat spreading outward from his glans to race through his entire body. The throbbing, slowly diminishing until the pain receded and then ... the unbearably erotic wait for the next drop of hot wax.
"He went home. To his wife. For dinner," Sherlock answered, somewhat disconnected. He was too confused to form more eloquent sentences. "What are you going to do with me?"
There was silence on the other end of the line. Not so much as a breath could be heard.
"The last honest copper..."
John closed his eyes for a moment, sending up a brief prayer to the heavens that Sherlock was really down there waiting for him, and that Moriarty would keep his word. Then he knelt down at the edge of the hole and began the descent. He hadn't gone more than a yard or two before he heard a noise above him. When he lifted his head, the board was being slid back across the opening.
"No - I … I want to see you." God, yes - he wanted to see John's eyes when he entered him, when he plunged deep inside, when he released inside him. Wanted to see that light in those deep blue eyes once again. That light and that happiness, for which - as unbelievable as it might sound - he was the cause. He … Sherlock Sigerson, who had never known happiness before in his life. He could barely comprehend that he was the reason for that glow … that he was responsible for that happiness. He wanted to see it. He
Sherlock had looked up with a small, pleased - yet inquiring - smile when he came in, laying aside the papers he'd been reading.
translation by the one and only SwissMiss!!!
"Aha. And how much would it be worth to you?" Lestrade demanded with a challenging look in his eye.
"One minute," John said with a cold smile. He kept an eye on the stopwatch but decided not to count down the last few seconds. When Sherlock only had thirty seconds left, a shudder shook his entire body, his breath caught in his throat, his penis seemed to swell even further, and accompanied by a gravelly shout, semen shot out between his fingers, which he repositioned almost immediately to cover the head.
One day later, John received a long, flat package by messenger. He was still sitting at breakfast with Sherlock, and when he read the return address, his eyebrows inched higher and higher up his forehead:
"Yep," John confirmed curtly. "Everyone was teasing him about it last week."
"Don't worry," Greg declared, unconcerned. He plucked the burnt-down cigarette from Mycroft's hand, stubbed it out between his fingers, and tossed the butt into Mycroft's waste-paper basket. "Your dick is perfect and we can still work on your delivery."
"Patrick O'Malley?"
Sherlock's long fingers moved slowly over his steadily swelling member. He really was an expert in prolonging his pleasure, delaying his ecstasy and torturing himself with it. Every time when his fingers reached the head in the course of their path, Sherlock passed his thumb over the tip. It wasn't a gentle stroking, but more an almost rough touch, and every time it happened, Sherlock's entire body trembled, fluid welled up out of the narrow slit of his hard cock, and he gasped, his breath rattling.
Without a warning, John took the ring between his teeth and pulled.
"Just a little longer..." Sherlock whispered, and his eyes pleaded more eloquently than words ever could.
"How did you know who I am?" he asked after a while. "Sebastian Moran never saw me."
He could all but feel the sarcastic yet almost affectionate smile against his shoulder as the question was posed.
"Mike..." John retorted with a long-suffering expression. "Are you going to do that every time someone says
nerve-racking," Sherlock muttered resentfully to himself as soon as he was alone.
Cover Art by me...
Mike gathered some of the receipts into a file folder and sorted through the invoices.
"She attempted suicide," Mycroft said, lowering his voice further. "Rather amateurishly, if you want my opinion. She's under medical supervision at the moment. She must have found out about Moriarty's... fate, some way or another. Her resignation has already been tendered. It will be announced two days from now... nervous breakdown or burn-out, it's not yet been decided what the press is to be told. Personally, I favour burn-out... it makes more sense in light of all of her achievements."
Sherlock barely felt the heat of the ember, so hot was the blood pulsing through his unbearably swollen cock. But the sight alone was breathtaking. John sucked on the cigar again, which was down to the last third, and Sherlock knew that his redemption was now truly within reach.
"When are you going to get on with it?" Sherlock asked, making John aware that he had been idle too long for Sherlock's taste and that he was being criticised for his forbearance. But Sherlock sounded so hoarse and breathless that an amused grin spread across John's face despite the impudence.
“I know,” Sherlock said with a smile that could teach the Mona Lisa a thing or two, before continuing in a steady voice: “And I wouldn’t let him get away with it a second time.”
"I don't know," Mycroft openly admitted. "No one knows yet."
And so he returned John's gaze without blinking and said, "Perhaps... it's better in that case if he doesn't find out about it yet."
Irene raised her left eyebrow. "Twice," she drawled.
Sherlock reluctantly handed over his phone. It didn't make any sense to expose himself to the possibility of injury or impairment already over such a trivial matter. He might be glad to have access to his full physical capabilities later on, and not to be handicapped by a broken finger or something along those lines.
"Mr Holmes?" he asked, perplexed.
John wasn't quite in possession of all his senses yet – fury still clouded his vision. Still, he registered how glorious Sherlock's anger looked on him, and how fearlessly he stared down the barrel of the gun.
John looked chagrined. Those were damned good questions, ones he didn't have an answer to. As exciting as all those ideas were, they weren't the reason he'd brought Sherlock here. Although he wasn't quite sure himself why he'd brought him here - which he only realised just now, with Sherlock staring at him with an inscrutable expression on his face. Questioning, with a trace of resolution around his mouth and something like uncertainty in his eyes. John couldn't make heads nor tails of it.
John gave him a hard look, a deep sense of antipathy developing for his … his...
Sherlock submitted to the inescapable with his typical sangfroid, opened the door of the car, and got inside.
"I just know. You've also never been penetrated, right?" Sherlock tossed the question back at him. When John nodded and ran a hand shakily through his hair, Sherlock continued, "Why not?"
Perspiration gleamed on Sherlock's back. John whaled away tirelessly at the proffered arse with the leather paddle. At first John had told him to kneel a short distance away from the bed, his legs together and supporting himself with his hands on the edge of the bed. Sherlock had maintained the position the entire time with remarkable docility. The paddle left wide, red marks on the pale skin, which gave John a decided sense of satisfaction to see. He didn't know how long he'd been beating Sherlock, but he felt the strain in his arm now and paused for a moment to catch his breath. His tension and anger had receded a bit already, and he had the feeling that he could breathe easier.
"Nothing. And I've been able to convince Mr Holmes of that in the meantime. However, someone intended it to look like an act of revenge on my part. Mike just told me that customs checked out one of my deliveries and - obviously - found something."
I couldn't decide which one I like better...
"Me?" he asked blankly.
- that’s what it said on the card Mike had forced on him many moons ago.
"Nothing," Mike answered, shrugging his shoulders. "We didn't have anything to go on... the whole thing ended up being a dead end."
John sat down on the edge of Sherlock's bed. "I didn't know - but I suspected," he admitted.
At the end of the first day he was already in bed when John called. They only spoke briefly, but at least it helped Sherlock to sleep soundly.
John pushed his chin forward and bit his lips. "What do you want to hear?" He was frothing with barely controlled rage. "That he's the best cocksucker I've ever come across? That he was an extraordinary fuck? We're here to get some work done! Not to chat about my latest sexual escapades!"
"Yes... yes..." Sherlock stammered, tossing his head from side to side. "Oh God... I think... I think I'm..."
“Well then, some elegant cufflinks.”
"John?" Sherlock exhaled in surprise.
“That day, neither of you
- hound, skunk
For a few frightening moments John thought he went too far, but then Sherlock's legs started to tremble and his cock started to pulse in John's hand.
"You just said
He sank into John's dark blue eyes, took John's face gently between his hands and tilted it up. Then he kissed him. Softly, hungrily, and with a sense of desperation. Felt the narrow mouth open for him and receive him tenderly. Sherlock separated his mouth from John's, tilted his head to the other side and renewed their deep kiss, which quickly became wetter and more indecent without losing any of its gentleness. Their tongues met, twined incessantly around each other, licked over teeth, sucked on lips. Over and over again they breathed in each other's warmth and proximity. Shared their breath before their lips met once more for a new, never-ending kiss.
John continued with a disbelieving smile: "You're not going to try and tell me that no one's ever tried to get into your pants ... the way you look..."
"As bad as that?" The words slipped out of John unbidden, and Sherlock chuckled.
. I don't understand what Mr Watson always sees in these...
"But it's pretty damn attractive when you've been crawling around the front garden in the dark, trying to find your clothes after your wife's tossed everything you own out the window and you had to spend the night on a couch at the Yard," Greg growled, draining the first cup with a single long draught.
John fingers tapped playfully against the soft plastic and Sherlock sighed.
"Good choice," John affirmed. "I have a Courvoisier XO Imperial here. I think that's appropriate." He took two round-bellied cognac glasses off the shelf and poured the drinks.
Sherlock looked at him, his eyes round, wanted to tell him how much … how incredible … how overwhelming … how confused … how no other man had ever … but the tears, which he swallowed down for John's sake, closed off his throat, and for the first time in his life, he understood how it was possible to cry with happiness.
"Has a good feel to it," he murmured, half to himself, before turning his full attention to Sherlock once again.
But the power of his thoughts proved insufficient. John continued to stare into the distance - his empty eyes directed straight ahead at nothing.
The hard, fast rhythm and the continuous back and forth between being completely filled and completely empty drove Sherlock to his limits. His eyes filled with tears, and his sobs took on a hysterical edge. He knew that John was torn between the desire to see him fail and the hope that he would bow to his will ... his behaviour didn't allow any other conclusion.
"Sometimes," Mike answered impassively. "And what are you going to do about Dimmock's replacement?"
A shuddering intake of breath, then: "Yessss..."
Original link:
The nicotine had an almost immediate calming effect on him, and he kept the smoke in his airways as long as he could before exhaling with a sigh of relief.
"Sounds familiar," John remarked dryly, and a small smile flitted across Sherlock's lips. "I'll bet you didn't miss a single opportunity to make his life difficult."
"Never mind," Greg interrupted him and let his head fall onto Mycroft's shoulder. "Just tell me what your conclusions were."
Greg nodded. "That's probably because I don't have one."
"No," Mike said automatically, but then he considered. "Although... he did manage to get John's butler to worship the ground he walks on."
For a moment, that same surreal stillness filled the room once more.
Lestrade rubbed the back of his neck with one hand and tried to suppress a grin. "Yeah... I didn't really want to storm in like a bull in a china shop and say
just made him up to intimidate his people and keep them on their toes."
"I don't care!" Sherlock insisted, rubbing his flaming rear greedily against John's clothing.
Annoyed at himself, Sherlock shook his head and stepped over the threshold, frowning, in order to get dressed. He would simply ignore the package …
"You're not even eating," John spoke into the silence that had been broken only by the metallic scraping of Sherlock's fork on the porcelain of his plate. "Do you not like it? You can order anything you like. I don't mean to let you starve."
," the waiter agreed with a nod.
John turned around to face him. "I can't order them to like you," he said, and it sounded a little like an apology.
... John... John... don't... suck..." Speaking was difficult. "
- sex toys (by the bucketload...) - particularly med-fet and sounds :D
"No!" John repeated even more emphatically. He was afraid his choked back laughter was coming through. "So it's not enough for you yet? All right, get to work on the next beads. Nice and slow. One after the other. Count along with each one. I want to know how you're coming along. Once you have all the beads inside... then... and only then... you can toss off and come. Okay?"
“You can try it,” Sherlock said, yawned heartily and snuggled in closer to John.
"That's not going to end well," Bridges murmured.
"Naresh? I think it's good now..." John murmured.
"There's a rotten apple in John's organisation," Sherlock declared with an odd sort of satisfaction. "I think I know where to start digging now."
"Nothing," Mike said with regret.
“John, you’re not seriously going to tell me he
"It would actually suffice to lick... the head... the head of the cigar... a little," Sherlock whispered hoarsely. "The wrapper could tear when it's cut otherwise..."
, John. There are three of them," Mike tried to calm him. Then he looked at Sherlock with a bewildered frown. "I looked at the invoices myself and didn't see anything. How..."
John hit the spot once again with implacable accuracy, and once again Sherlock screamed out his rapture and his agony to the world. There was a hand in his hair again... a mouth on his shoulder... kisses... and then the explosion of desire. Sherlock felt the ring of muscle around his hole open and close up again... and again... like a cramp... every contraction sending a fresh wave of lust through his body. The pain was nothing more than a side effect of his concupiscence. One last tremor shuddered through his body, and then the endorphins which virtually flooded his bloodstream effected a sensation of relaxation he'd never experienced before. Everything in him, every part of him, became loose and light and floaty.
"Toilet?" John asked with a sense of foreboding.
Greg ground his teeth. "And with remarkably long fingers."
"You. Infected me." Sherlock raised his eyebrow again. "Right," he remarked sarcastically. "Because given the obsessiveness with which you've used condoms up to now, there's even the remotest chance that you've contracted some sexually transmittable disease. And even if you had... it wouldn't really matter, as you're going to have me exclusively from now on."
Fine - he'd give Sherlock more time. He'd be ready some day... ready to let John in on everything... to include him in everything... to share everything with him.
Mycroft slipped on his coat.
"And his last name?" Sergeij asked, signalling to the waitress. Moments later, a fresh beer stood on the table in front of his companion.
With a queasy feeling in his stomach, Sherlock considered what means Mycroft would employ to get his hands on Sherlock again and bring him to heel. He choked on a lump in his throat. Would the entire nightmare start all over again? Were all the games of hide-and-seek through the years in vain after all? The room around him began to spin again. He dug his fingernails painfully into his thigh until his lungs were able to fill with oxygen once more.
And the Champagne Aria from ‘
"Gregory," Mycroft replied when he saw Greg suddenly standing in front of him.
Translation by the most fabulous
His muscles stiffened and quivered. His hips wanted to thrust forward - into that sweet, sweet pain... and at the same time he wanted to get away from John's hands, which were holding his erection in such a matter-of-fact - almost dispassionate - manner. Sherlock didn't know what to do with himself. He was glad, now, for the bonds, which he no longer regarded as a restriction, but an anchor. He'd truly believed that the sperm-stopper that John had used on him several times already would have prepared him sufficiently for this, but that had been a massive miscalculation. Nothing was sufficient to prepare a man for this kind of stimulation. Nothing. Nothing at all.
"Good idea," Mike agreed with a weary sigh. After a brief pause, he asked contritely, "He really never discussed it with you?"
The wet spot was the result of a near-constant stream of clear drops of pre-come flowing out of the narrow slit of his unbearably hard cock, now flushed a deep red due to the blood engorging the erectile tissue.
"What do you want?" he demanded curtly.
"John... what... what are you doing? John?" Panic mixed with curiosity sounded in Sherlock's voice, which was weak with exhaustion.
! I don't bite!
At some point it was over and both were satiated with their kisses. Sherlock was still holding John's face in both his hands, while John's arms had wrapped themselves around Sherlock's torso.
Just when John thought he couldn't stand the sensual, erotic torture a single second longer, Sherlock's lips parted and, in a single motion, he took John's erection all the way into his mouth.
It cost him a great deal of willpower to turn his thoughts away from that desire. Although he had no doubt that a climax in that manner would be absolutely spectacular, that wasn't the reason he was here. He hadn't written out a cheque for such a ridiculous amount for a quickie blowjob. When John felt the light scratch of fingernails on his testicles through the material and a hand fumbling for his flies, he decided this was the point where he was going to end this game – where he
“And why's that?”
Jim took a cloth out of the pocket of his
"But couldn't your brother have shown this Lestrade the picture just to be sure... because he doesn't trust you?" John countered.
John's smile became fiendish. "Oh, keep on like that and I'll only allow you one finger," he remarked casually. "Up to you."
"Thank you, John," Sherlock said, and meant it from the bottom of his heart. "I..." He broke off with a helpless expression, shaking his head. He was unable to put into words what he was feeling. He'd been inundated with too much in the past few minutes. It was odd how happiness could also cause one to lose one's composure.
"Fucking cold," he murmured darkly.
It was only a matter of time before someone remembered seeing Charlie with someone - or seeing someone go into the building where Charlie's flat was - in short, seeing someone who appeared suspicious in some way or was well enough known in the milieu to stick out.
Mike's innocent question resounded in Sherlock's head... '
"Dimmock's promotion," Greg said candidly. "That was you, wasn't it?"
But there was one thing that all four of them had in common - a certain snooty condescension. Their attitude said quite clearly:
A faint but nevertheless traitorous blush spread over Sherlock's prominent cheekbones as he answered evasively, "I owe Miss Adler a favour."
A pitiful sob was already poised in Sherlock's throat, but then he felt a gentle pressure on his engorged erection, and he gasped for air instead. John loosened his grip on Sherlock's hair, and Sherlock looked down, barely able to believe that John was actually letting him rub his cock on John's thigh.
Sherlock looked up at him, nonplussed. "John? I thought you weren't coming for another two hours.."
John shook his head before realising that Mike couldn't see him because he was already skimming the letter.
"The Yard stopped betting on when we were going to get together. Now they have a bet on which name you're going to use next instead of Greg," John explained with a broad grin.
,' or
Sherlock's eyebrows drew down in question.
Irene's smile spread into a cheeky grin. "I have a strap-on dildo in my bedroom and I know how to use it. Well? Still not interested? I think I'd be perfectly able to satisfy certain of your needs with it."
John allowed the impetuous contact, yet didn't reciprocate in any manner. But Sherlock didn't mind. As the tension and mental anguish of the past few days fell away, a boundless relief flowed through him. John's mere presence and existence were entirely sufficient for him at the moment. He greedily inhaled John's scent, absorbed it, and analysed it without even thinking.
Irene looked him over with renewed interest. "Why am I not on your payroll yet, Doc? I'd think it would be a lucrative business."
Sherlock let his head hang down, silently grateful. John had climaxed, but he himself hadn't come. Thank God he'd been spared that final humiliation. He probably couldn't have got over that without cocaine.
Sherlock shook his head in silent denial. "No... you- you always said he was already dead when you..." he choked out haltingly.
But which manufacturer? Which brand? Which distillery?
Eleanor and Mrs Turner both gasped in shock, while Thomas grinned, enjoying the scandalous scene. Mike nodded soberly.
John had already opened the door, and called over his shoulder, "Had a little accident at breakfast."
"Anything," Sherlock breathed, twisting like a cat on the sheets. "Anything..." he repeated.
"I'm going to have a slash," Franco declared and stepped away from his cronies.
Out of habit, he let the dressing gown slip off his shoulders and went straight into the bathroom.
"I didn't," he answered, shaking his head a bit. "I haven't been looking for you."
Now John took a deep breath, his annoyance audible. "Talk to Mycroft Holmes. Again."
John saw Sherlock take a deep breath before opening the lid with a quick, decisive motion. Unconsciously, John held his own breath. The box contained gleaming metal bedded on red satin.
"You're dribbling," John chided him affectionately.
"Then I ask you now to refrain from doing so in future and keep your suspicions to yourself."
The german version of this story is published.
"Okay... good, then... I'll go now... I'll be down in the office in case..." Sherlock listened to the footsteps receding hesitantly until he couldn't hear them anymore.
What had he done to deserve a punishment like this? Was there a God in heaven after all? An extremely vengeful God who wanted him to suffer and had fun confounding all of his plans? All those plans... were they all to come to naught? John ground his teeth. He'd see about that - he wasn't going to give up that easily! And certainly not without a fight. This Mycroft Holmes might still be in for a surprise or two...
Annoyed at himself, John shook his head firmly. No! He needed to keep his mind on the business end of this arrangement. He needed to focus on the fact that he was about to have a great deal of fun; not on the emotional vulnerability of his playmate.
," Mike had nagged at him, and John had had to grin despite his nerves.
"Then there's no way we're playing that," John countered good-naturedly and distributed the play money.
Sherlock didn't have to wait very long before John returned, carrying the small, insulated ice bucket from the bar.
"Didn't you hear what Mike and I..."
When Eleanor, cowed, handed him a lighter, he lit the cigarette and took a quick, deep drag on it.
Not that he'd ever truly trusted anyone... other than himself... but that system didn't seem to be working as smoothly as it used to, and he wondered whether it weren't time to place his trust in someone else. Even Doc Watson had confidants... why shouldn't he...
"If I say you're beautiful, it's nothing but the truth," he said firmly.
"No, no," Sherlock assured him, panic-stricken. "I... have it... under control..." He was breathing hard. "Ooo...kay. It's out." The relief was clearly audible in his voice.
Sherlock gave him an impish grin. "I think I can answer that for you..."
“To what do I owe the honour of this visit?” she began the conversation in an obliging tone.
"Ambrosia," Sherlock purred in satisfaction.
John blinked. Then he gathered himself. "Mycroft Holmes? Mycroft Holmes is here?" he asked in an undertone. "What the hell does he want here?"
"Okay, Charlie," he said, his tone not unfriendly. "Have you thought of anything now that you might like to share with us, or... do I need to jog your memory again?" He laughed briefly. "Although... you won't be doing any jogging for a while, I don't think."
He knew why. He had scruples about taking too much advantage of the almost naive submissiveness that Sherlock offered to him (and which John would never discourage, as it was rather nice to be so admired, practically worshipped).
John placed a hand on his back, and when Sherlock felt the warmth emanating from the man at his side he relaxed again.
John gave him an odd look. Then he stood up and held out a hand to Sherlock.
"I AM CLEAN!" Sherlock screamed, quivering with rage. "How often do I have to show you my arms before you believe me?"
"John - here you are! Next time pick up your damn mobile! Got it?! Otherwise you can find some other patsy to spend half the night with customs and then hanging out at the station getting our boys..." It wasn't until now that he noticed John wasn't alone. He stopped short and fell silent. It took another second for him to recognise that the guest was the mayor.
Sherlock woke to the sound of a door slamming. He listened, somewhat incredulously, as a key slid into the lock on the other side of the door, and was turned.
?" breathed out from between those plump lips to show that Sherlock had reached the limit of his self-control.
Mycroft's lips twitched with a faint smile as well. "Someone with a fleeting similarity to my secretary was procured, equipped with a wig and an appropriate wardrobe, and placed in the company of a man who still owes me a favour..."
"If he hadn't sent your fiddle..."
"Jason... I need that favour you owe me... I'll be sending you a picture in the next couple of days. The man in the picture is Charlie White. He's dead, but that's irrelevant. I need to know where he hung out in the two weeks prior to his death, and who he had contact with. I..." Sherlock wrinkled his nose. "What... who this is...? It's me! Sherlock! I always took that client off your hands who disgusted you so much because he was ginger."
After thirty blows, John took a short break, since his palm was beginning to sting. Sherlock's arse looked somewhat battered, but he wasn't showing any signs of discomfort. Quite the opposite. John could feel quite clearly that something hard and hot was pressing against his thigh.
Sherlock only needed to spare a cursory glance for the two cigar bands and the straight, elegant parejo shape... take note of the light, hazelnut brown coloration of the wrapper leaf, reminiscent of milk chocolate... inhale the the exquisite, aromatic smell of cocoa, cream, vanilla, and a hint of marshmallow with an almost greedy sniff... and a name appeared before his eyes as clearly as if it were engraved in marble:
John sat up again, his gaze wandering over Sherlock's deferential posture, until it landed between his legs. A leer spread across his face.
He was met with an astounded look from that pair of pale eyes.
“Then something practical ... a watch or a pinkie ring with a monogram...”
John's jacket and shoulder holster were already lying on the floor. John himself was standing bent over the bathtub, checking the temperature of the water coming out of the faucet with one hand.
"Your WHAT?" Greg cried in shock.
Sherlock was holding still, but now he swallowed again. The muscle contractions of the narrow passage around John's erection were almost too much for him. He gripped both hands around either side of the chair seat, digging his fingernails into the wood.
"I'll show her in," Jacques said, his distaste audible, and went out.
. There's no way in hell I'm taking out your rubbish for you. I put it in your old room. No matter what's going on between you and your brother..." John took a deep breath. "Sherlock... I'm not going to fight all your battles for you. You're going to have to take care of this parcel from your brother yourself. All right?"
"No," John said immediately. "Everything's gone off kilter lately... the bomb... the unsuccessful ventures... Dimmock's death... the gist of it is, they're accusing me of being a failure as a boss."
"You have mail, Mr Sigerson," he announced superfluously.
"Do you want... or should I?" John asked imprecisely, wondering at the gruffness in his voice.
When he handed Mycroft his glass, the other man said, "Personally, I prefer a tulip glass to a snifter. It retains the aroma much better."
John did everything he could to prevent it, but Moran was too strong for him. John wasn't able to let go of the knife or pull it back. Moran had been on him too fast, had flung himself on the knife too quickly, had pierced his heart with the sharp blade too swiftly.
Without looking up from the papers she was reading, Irene said, “Did Doc Watson
"But John..."
"As you can see," John retorted, throwing himself into one of the cream-coloured leather armchairs and removing his bespoke shoes without using his hands. Another contented sigh sounded. It was refreshing that he didn't have to uphold any kind of facade with Mike.
"I thought you never forget a name," Mycroft remarked, his tone a mixture of condescension and amusement.
He loved him... with every fibre of his body, of his heart, and of his soul.
Sherlock placed a finger over his lips to make him stop speaking.
at every opportunity. Of course John had got wind of what Albright was saying about him - and what he thought of him - and what a good boy his nephew Kenneth had been... loyal and trustworthy and just a decent kid through and through.
"Yes," Sherlock responded hoarsely. He felt his hands begin to tremble on his thighs.
His gaze slid over Sherlock, who ate half a croissant with a single bite. He looked the same as ever. Mike had seen him often enough wearing nothing more than pyjamas and a dressing gown that it was nothing shocking. The tangled hair, testimony to a wild night, didn't rattle him anymore either. But there was something different this morning. Could it be that, for the first time, Sherlock was sitting at the table as if he belonged there? Was his posture really different? Mike had never thought Sherlock lacked in self-assurance, as insolent and arrogant as he often behaved - but today he exuded a relaxed calm and a certain...
"I thought you'd never ask!" Mike remarked dryly. "That waiter's checked out your arse twice now."
"Yes," John allowed reluctantly.
Naresh shrugged. "Depends what the bouncers in that knocking shop are packing... and how many there are. It'll probably be enough for us to show them our shooters. No matter how bad a temper the boss is in – not even
Sherlock followed these instructions without objection as well – or at least he tried to. His chest rose and fell with the rhythm of his deep, even (or at least an approximation thereof) breaths. When John moved his left hand from its soothing position on Sherlock's knee to drag it up the inside of his thigh, he could feel the tense muscles there relaxing a bit under his fingers.
A brief, amused laugh escaped John's lips, quite against his will. Then he shook his head, still chortling. "You are such a peacock."
"Was it really necessary to meet me at an adult cinema?" Mycroft asked with disgust. He didn't want to know exactly which substances and bodily fluids the cushions of his chair had already come into contact with. As soon as he was done here, he was going to have no choice but to burn his suit. And it had just been delivered by his tailor last week. Rather bothersome. But there was nothing to be done about it now.
Mycroft appeared surprised. "You're asking me?"
“No orgasm?” Sherlock asked, just to be sure.
"Okay... if that's what you want," he growled.
Nicotine wasn't really the last addiction he had. But the fulfilment of his other addiction - John's semen in his mouth - was being withheld. What other choice did he have than to fall back on a substitute in the form of a cigarette?
Dave and Naresh exchange an incredulous look, then tried unsuccessfully to cut off their grunts of laughter.
"What about it, Bridges?" John snapped back. "I've had nothing but trouble all day. That meeting dragged on forever, all because a couple of snotnosed bastards mixed it up with our boys. And now that I feel like a little rest and relaxation, my driver takes it upon himself to file an objection?"
Fingers on his overstimulated, still-hard flesh. Shaking fingers. Pressure on his glans. A pull... a slight burn and then...
"It's a sign of your superiority. Your power. That fellow was so afraid of you that he saw his only chance in shooting you in the back. And? Did it do him any good?" Sherlock asked, and then went on without waiting for an answer: "No, it didn't. You told me yourself that you were still fast enough and accurate enough to finish him off with a single shot. Even though you already had a bullet in your body at that point." Sherlock gently caressed the ruined skin of his shoulder. "That's why your scar is proof of your strength for me," he explained with calm certitude.
'La Traviata'
An expression of astonishment appeared on Victor's face. "And I'm supposed to believe you?"
"You're too generous," he replied, with a mocking tilt to his head.
“Yes, Mike. I know.”
"You're not disappointed?" he asked suspiciously.
A short time later, he was holding the door open for Irene, who entered with regal bearing. A mischievous impulse came over Sherlock at the sight.
"As I understand it, you should moisten the head of the cigar just a little bit before you cut it..." John whispered throatily to him. "I think... you're wet enough to manage that..."
"Yes," Sherlock confirmed. At that point, he couldn't stand John's cold, penetrating look any longer, and bowed his head, disregarding any possible consequences. John's deadpan eyes cut him to the quick, right to the centre of his soul. He couldn't -
John jutted his chin out, glared at Mike, and turned to include Mycroft Holmes in his answer.
, but it stopped as soon as he set foot in the room. Given that he'd put his foot in it big time the last time he mentioned John whistling, Mike decided to act as if he hadn't heard anything.
- "well", "all right"
Translation by the talented
"Oh..." Sherlock murmured and scrambled out of bed, his eyes half closed. "Then it must be mine..." His fingers still asleep and his brain not really online, he fished his mobile phone out of the pocket of his trousers where they hung over the back of a chair. He answered it, only to promptly hold the device at arm's length from his ear with a pained grimace.
"She took me by surprise," Jason continued his defence. "What was I supposed to do?"
John was tired, exhausted, and a little bit peeved when he came home late that afternoon with Mike on his heels.
Good-bye,
"He's your friend. You shouldn't row with him on my account."
I can't keep living like this. I never agreed with you joining the mob, but you didn't listen to me. You never listened to me. I wanted you to quit, to take up your studies again, because I knew the company you were keeping wasn't doing you any good. And my fears were justified, as it turns out – you've changed. I tried to tell you, but you didn't listen to me. Again. You're not the witty med student I fell in love with. You've been reduced to nothing more than a stooge. A criminal with one foot in prison already. I don't want to go on like this. So I'm leaving. I've taken what's mine. I'm leaving the unsuitably expensive gifts you gave me when we were together. They're on your night stand.
Interest flared up in Moriarty's eyes.
During the two calls, he'd spoken with icy, hard-nosed precision, but when he knelt down beside Sherlock now, his expression changed completely and his voice became gentle. "See you in a bit," he said in a low voice.
For John, it was simply unbelievable. Hot and tight, the muscles tense and clenched yet still pliant and loose enough to allow him to penetrate them without any difficulty. Every part of Sherlock seemed to vibrate with pent-up arousal. John deliberately settled for slow, deep strokes at first, each one of them greeted by a long, drawn-out sigh from Sherlock.
Cover Art by
to an extent that was fairly out of character for him...
He knew he needed an outlet, some way to balance out and compensate for that weakness in order to restore his inner equilibrium. Right then, he needed a taste of success as badly as he needed air to breathe. A proof of his strength, of his unimpeded dominance. To have something...
The fingers pressed into him, nimbly seeking that one specific spot deep inside Sherlock.
"Boss... that's not a good idea..." Naresh admonished him cautiously. "The MEs... if they find a bullet in his head..."
Once again, he seemed to have read Sherlock's mind. While Sherlock worried about whether he were that transparent for everyone (a horrible and extremely disquieting thought), or whether John were a special case, John took another step closer to him and asked, "Don't you want to know what I did there?"
Sherlock sobbed, swallowed hard, and whispered hoarsely, "Yes..." before adding, "Please?" in a questioning tone that sounded so helpless that it sent fresh waves of lust coursing through John's body.
Mycroft stared at the closed door for quite some time. Perhaps it would have been better to tell Greg that the only reason he hadn't visited him was because he didn't want to make him any more of a target than he already was. There was no telling what could have happened if it became known in certain circles that... Mycroft shook his head firmly. It simply
John's heart melted. Who was he to deny such a request?
Sherlock closed his eyes. His heart rate returned to normal then slowed even further, becoming heavy. He swallowed. Then he said - attempting to hit a carefree, unemotional tone - "Yes, I believe I have a fairly good idea now."
John set Sherlock's phone onto the nightstand next to his own. "Personal interests..." He shook his head. "What a load of horseshit. Do you know what personal interest your brother might have in this whole affair?"
Albright and Moran both raised their arms at the same time. Both had a pistol in their hand.
Sherlock returned the books to the shelf, slightly disappointed. John hadn't even asked him if he knew any foreign languages, or how he'd known what the books were about. But then John hadn't brought him here for his intelligence. Sherlock shoved the episode to the back corner of his brain - along with all the other unpleasant memories he had - but a bitter aftertaste remained.
"Again..."
?' John's voice echoed in his head. He let out a shaky laugh, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand. Only then did he remember the handkerchief he was still holding in his hand. His expression relaxed and became softer.
"With due respect to your political correctness..." Sherlock interjected, rolling his eyes, "...it's completely lost on me. You should know that by now. Do I really need to give you a reason first?" He shook his head in disapproval. "Good God, John - sometimes you're really terribly difficult. Hit me. Just hit me. You know it's not a punishment for me. Especially not with that." He indicated the paddle in John's hand. "Don't worry. We both know you'll feel better for it afterwards. And so will I. You want to. I can read it in your eyes. Or do you really need to justify the act? Really, John?" Sherlock's left eyebrow rose in challenge.
Sherlock let out a soft, inarticulate sob. Yes, he knew what was coming. John was going to bring the riding crop down on
