“What are you talking about?” It almost sounds accusatory but he knows even with this fever fogging up his brain that if Mr. Winchester is denying anything it’s out of pure self-preservation, a last ditch effort to maintain some false dignity.
“I’m sure, Mr. Wesson, but that’s not what I meant.” He interferes rudely. “I just hope it will never come down to
This wasn’t your regular angry speech, though. This was all boss-employee guidelines shoved aside, bringing this meeting down to a far more personal, and therefor critical, level. “You see this shit?” Sam yelled as he slid the newspaper across the table, “they included the company’s name in the article, of course they did!”
The keys are handed over from one suit to another but apparently, one does not nonchalantly get into one of these million dollar cars without a process beforehand. Castiel’s pants and jacket are checked for potential buttons or zippers that could scratch up the leather, and he receives a clean pair of shoes only to be worn inside of the vehicle. The driver, of course, strictly goes about his business while wearing white designer gloves.
? Certainly, it couldn’t have been Castiel having dinner with Gabe. There must be something else, something of deeper meaning currently still estranged from their lack of conversation but, what?
Dean nearly snaps at the young gentleman in his office, ready to yell something like “that’s none of your fucking business, who the hell do you think you are?!” but as he looks up, he’s met with a friendly smile, not the cold-blooded grin he was expecting.
if only… “Come here” he whispers and just like an obedient little thing, the boy gets into his lap, their sweaty bodies pushed together where not even the music can reach, let alone hands.
Castiel had to fight back more tears when Dean dug a finger right into the wounds. Of course the man got off from his pain, the moans that followed seeing Cas cry and bleed and choke said enough, spurring Dean on who was now fully grinding his crotch into the beaten up mess, properly face fucking by rolling his hips over the comfy office chair.
He’d been checking e-mails all night, finally having some time to catch up after wasting his entire day being Mr. Winchester's lap dog and chew toy simultaneously. Purposefully ignoring the message from Wesson had only worked up until a point where there were no other unread correspondences. Castiel had even clicked through every promotional add and spam trash before finally opening the inevitable termination notice now mocking him in that professional lingo delivering such dreadful news.
“Here, let me help you with that.” Dean even shushes Castiel when the hands tugging the new shirt around a bruised body make it shrink back from the touch like a beaten dog.  Not even the fingers gliding through his hair are able to ease his underlying fears though. No, his body is tense, acting on instinct even when his own mind kneels for betrayal. So while all he wants to do is to be held and to be taken care of, yearns to let it all go for just a few blissful moments, there’s something keeping him from moving forward. He just can’t seem to figure out
He was gonna fight his way out of this one if needed. Turns out he never stood a chance because before he knows it, there’s a gun pressed directly at his heart, painfully digging into healing scars.
Song for this chapter: 'Where the river ends' - OTEP (extra trigger warning for this song, it's intense and references rape).
One contract to protect him through financial security and one contract to protect Dean from Castiel’s possible defiance through a short leash, unconditional service and the power to kill.
The doctor snaps his eyes up after a second when noticing the lack of movement. They’re wise yet understanding and patient as they hold onto Cas’s gaze for a moment before turning away in search of their target. “Señora Paula?”
When he lifts up the expensive button up Mr. Winchester had provided him with, Castiel finds his hands –actually, his entire body- trembling violently as a throbbing pain grips all the way from his throat down to his groin. He should go to the hospital, or at least see an emergency doctor but that couldn’t be prioritized right now, not even the cuts in his feet from where he’d stepped in the broken shards seemed able of sufficiently catching his attention, adrenaline overpowering.
“Jesus! Go away. Shoo!” But that damned dog wasn’t going anywhere, especially not now that there was food on the table and for every inch Cas moved his body away in terror, Teddy took that as a sign to get even closer until his wet nose was right there on the table.
“Well fat luck, kiddo! Look, I know it’s not fair. Addiction isn’t your choice, blah-blah, I get it. Staying clean? That’s on you, that’s your responsibility. But worrying about you? That’s mine!”
When the second time of asking the same question results in an actual nod, Dean doesn’t fully pull away despite their need for theatre being long expired along with the woman’s presence. He lets his fingers glide over skin turning cold under the evening breeze without a care in the world as if the possibility of someone seeing them has turned from a dangerous something into an unimportant, and perhaps even exciting one. “Alright, let’s go home” he finally agrees.
to take him to one, though? Albeit, they do appear to be alone in the room and even the sinister, sterile environment feels welcomingly comforting despite it all so he relaxes into the bed a bit further, staring at Gabriel’s gentle smile.
On cue, green eyes turn to face him. They carry a soft expression though true and true as fake as it can be. “Don’t worry about money, lunch gets put on the company’s tab.” Well that’s a small relief. Nevertheless, Castiel doesn’t push his luck an only gets a small side salad and a glass of water despite of how hungry he still is. Dean on the other hand just. Keeps. Eating. How does the guy stay so skinny?
“Is that how it’s gonna be, Cassie? One taste of the old life and you dive right in again? If you want to spend more time with your playboy bunny, that’s fine, but next time: call me instead of ditching me like a prom-date.”
Fingertips still burn heavy on his skin when he gets himself to move again, Dean’s perfume following him around like a constant reminder of their antics the previous night and it makes his eyes water.
Castiel lets it happen. He doesn’t fight back when Dean kisses him. It’s possessive yet not demanding and it ends with that single claim left on the human in Dean’s arms after which Cas completely collapses in them, overcome by emotions and exhaustion.
Castiel gathers up his stuff and makes sure to grab the monstrosity of a pink smoothie before staggering through the avenue’s busy traffic. Surprisingly, he makes it to the other side of the four lanes in one piece, just in time to see the CEO bolt out of the glass doors.
“Good morning, Mr. Novak.” The man remains quiet which immediately wipes the smile off Dean’s face and makes him stop in his tracks. He wants to be respected. “Now, what do you say to your boss?” It takes a full ten seconds before Castiel finally answers with a forced out greeting. But that doesn’t satisfy Dean enough. “And what do you say to me for not pressing charges?”
“I know it’s none of my business, but this life -the fame, the fortune- it’s not easy. Being married to someone like Winchester… I’m sure it’s not all as glamorous as many think it to be. I mean, we’ve been there, in the spotlights and-“
“What do you want from me?” was all Castiel had been able to come up with. A mistake he’s still bitterly thinking about as he’s quite literally left to stew in his own juices. It had only agitated Mr. Winchester even further. The very little patience that was there in the first place ran out, the time for mind games came to an end, and for once, that wasn’t a good sign.
which in turn makes him feel like a scolded child but again, it doesn’t seem bad natured, it actually almost felt lovingly. How in the hell is this woman working for Mr. Winchester? All of the staff Castiel had met were bodyguards packing guns, not 5ft5 Spanish women sporting neat outfits and packing nothing but bobby pins in a tight hairdo.
Dean watches the officers go as he holds a trembling Castiel tightly pressed against himself, he watches them closely, watches them until they’re out of sight before dropping his smile and stopping his fingers from digging into rigid flesh.
“What? I’m just saying! I thought you despised men like him actually and then you suddenly call me to say you’re getting married to not just
But when distant rays of sun ease that very skin back to the warmth of a world in movement, the scales tip towards a grander scheme. Our vessels might be awakened, though their battles within are now kept silenced through social expectations of collected smiles and play-pretend at full.
“Huh,” Cas scoffs, “too busy fucking his secretary again? Just let me through! I want to get out of here! I want to get out!” That’s the final straw. Any attempt at keeping frustrated tears at bay crumbles as he feels them reach his lips and cool the burning skin along the way. If only his chest could stop burning, too.
It goes dead quiet after that. Never in all those years had it occurred to Castiel that their father’s reasoning had been anything but crude, fueled with nothing but disappointment, yet here they are, a fact being thrown in the argument that critically disrupts the scales and makes everything tumble.
. He hadn’t even thought about that. No job means no income, and no income means no greens for the beans. Just imagining the conversation he’d need to have with Mr. Winchester to address this issue not only left him feeling clammy and uneasy, it also immediately sent a new wave of humiliation down his very bones. A feeling he’d grown quite close with at a rapid rate.
Castiel feels like crying the entire time, only, it’d been made exceptionally clear that if he were to mess this up in any way, the consequences weren’t going to be pretty at all. Going public with their ‘engagement’ had one advantage however: it meant that for the time being, Dean had to keep him around because otherwise it’d raise some questions not even Mr. Smooth-talker could justify.
“So, I explained why I didn’t call sooner and I apologized. Is there anything else or did you hear what you wanted to hear?”
To his surprise, she takes a slice of charcuterie from the package, asks the dog to sit (which it does), and gently feeds him some meat without any incidents.
The CEO looks almost apologetic when he nods. “We had to lure them out, Cas, I hope you understand. At least this way we knew it was coming and we were prepared.”
quiet but Castiel can clearly hear commotion as he makes his way down the cold marbled stairs, instantly sending another bout of anxiety through his already suffering body at the possibility of having to face actual humans today.
Even the questions about the impact of the new factory-to-be on the environment and public health are expertly dodged much to Novak’s amusement. More than once had he found himself at climate marches, trying to fight for a better world, so having to listen to lies upon lies about how a major scale industrial park isn’t a danger to people and animals alike is truly, utterly pissing him off beyond measure.
“Huh, you really thought you had a chance with me? How pathetic. You’re a nobody, Mr. Novak, unworthy. Now don’t you ever,
in it aside from the packed fridge and plentifully stocked bar where the man is currently hanging out.
The minute Mr. Winchester’s driver had dropped him off after a lone trip to the hospital, he’d opened his laptop to maybe find a way out of this contract but the first thing that had popped up on his feed was a news add from a small, amateur lifestyle blog Cas liked to follow in his free time.
Dean’s voice brings him closer to a state of full awareness but it’s not enough. He just shakes his head in fear. “No, just- oh, God.” But the freshly spilled blood of yet another murdered person crept into his vision and Cas’s already hurting chest clenches impossibly tighter as he presses his eyes shut. “I can’t! I can’t do this anymore” he sobs.
Not even half an hour after he falls asleep –or at least, that’s what it feels like- there’s a phone call snapping him out of whatever dreamless blackness he was floating around in. Castiel is up in a flash. If someone calls in the middle of the night it must be an extreme emergency and those types of distress signals are not something anyone wants to hear, ever.
feel like home because this right here, being drooled on for just existing, is his playground, his palace and he’s the king.
He seems to hesitate for a moment, unsure, before stepping out of the room and Castiel stupidly, desperately wonders if maybe he’s about to be saved.
Mr. Winchester choses to completely ignore Castiel’s question, even the insults are left behind as he decides to vex his outburst on the seemingly only shock-factor of a hopeless confession and barks back at Castiel, though, not nearly as loud as a few teeth marks ago.
Why did it seem so much harder to push back against a beating heart than it had been to restart a dormant one?
But when she faces him again, her face is still as warm as it had been the past hour and some of the tension fades away.
But the attention shifting towards her seemingly causes a ripple in the aforementioned peaceful atmosphere. She stands up, turns away from Castiel’s gaze and gives him nothing but a barely audible mumble that doesn’t even resemble an actual answer.
“Señor!,” she gasps as she straightens herself up, “what are you doing out? Mr. Winchester say you stay in! In bed, go!” Before he has any chance of explaining himself or asking for the glass of water he so desperately needs, he’s being guided back up the stairs, firmly yet with a soft hand, like only a mother could do.
“Huh. That’s what you get for being a druggie. Eat the donut or I’ll shove it down your throat myself. Maybe if you’d eat properly you’d at least not
have a secret BDSM dungeon! Damn, Cassie, I didn’t know you liked to be spanked, tied down and all of that!”
Castiel thinks to himself. Yeah, the piss-poor circumstances in the forty-eight hours after the initial injury had not been ideal, neither had the care afterwards been, but they were ‘just’ some second degree burns, was it really necessary to be coddled like a fragile child?
He wants to get lost in the awkwardness between them, relish in the painful feeling that if it weren’t for his relapse all those years ago, he would have asked her the big question and he wouldn’t be standing here talking to her about a wedding that isn’t theirs.
It takes them a long time to talk it through. About how tensions had been rising between the Brits and the Americans for a while now. A hit was to be expected and Dean was clever enough to know their so called ‘wedding’ would be the perfect opportunity to get one on him so plans were set in motion, they had been for weeks, their event was just the cherry on top.
When blue lips gasp for atomic number eight through the cold and the rigor, desperate to hang on to life purely because the soul within demands it, that’s what one would call determination. Unbeknownst to Castiel, the real battle came
Mr. Winchester is still pondering over what in the world that guy had been talking about hours later. He was so tired of chatting, everyone asking him about Castiel. Who the hell cares? But that’s just the deal with this life, isn’t it? All simple, white, straight employees, going home to their perfect wives and vanilla sex after work. Of course they’ve got nothing better to do than banter with their boss as if he were their best friend.
Benny stands guard at the door for a moment. Waits. Looks. Waits again. Until one of his men shouts a loud ‘clear!’ from inside before he lets Castiel through. “Please wait here, sir.”
, he’s in pain and just completely emotionally drained so he can’t even voice what he wants, doesn’t exactly know what that is either. What he does know is that he doesn’t have the energy left to deal with this and he’s sure tears will fall if these stupid, hard-headed bodyguards keep denying him passage as if they’re his babysitters.
He’s suffocating, the world spinning and burning him alive, pulling, twisting, ripping at every inch of his existence as the chemicals inside of him are causing irreversible damage, no chance of stopping. The thin, clear vomit making itself out in a last attempt at saving him does nothing but run down his chin and leave his body shaking uncontrollably where it spirals into violent spasms.
When he makes his way into the office that morning, he’s surprise to see Mr. Winchester already has a cup of coffee on the polished desk, suddenly making the one in Cas’s hands feel less than worthy to be there at all, as if it has no business interrupting the apparently better version of itself.
He tries to reason, tries to tell her he just wanted a drink but she’s not having it. “I get water, you sleep now. Doctor will be soon!”
His drink nearly falls, caught right before it smashes to pieces on the wooden desk, having Cas turn around in a split second, suddenly becoming aware of how badly his hands are shaking when Mr. Winchester gives him a once over.
All Cas wanted was to melt through the floor in pure shame, or perhaps disappear into thin air, anything to not face the man who just shot a hot load at his skin as if he was nothing more than a sex doll, but before he can even blink away the blackness, Castiel is being pulled back up by his shirt collar which elicits another set of gasps and suffocating huffs.
Of course, Dean had then traded off Castiel without a second thought, because deep down, he’d known Ketch was right. The only thing that finally made him decide between killing the snob of the Brits or the princess of the Americans was hands being laid where only his belonged.
Castiel thinks as a confused, desperate frown forms above his eyes gone wide. “No, sir, you- last night-“
“This,” he grins, “is a very bad man, Mr. Novak. We caught him with his arm down the panties of a little girl. And this-“ Dean's hand travels down, over every inch of twisting muscles until it comes to rest over the person’s crotch, fingers curling and digging till they elicit a muffled set of screams, “-this was hard as a rock.”
He’s distantly happy this isn’t an all-nude experience and that she let him keep his boxers on, not only due to the fact Dean would probably kill anyone touching Cas without him knowing about it, but also because he’s fairly certain there’s still some handprints carved into the flesh of his ass and he’s just not ready to face those truths yet.
It’s nearly two in the afternoon when he finally spots Dean descending the big marble stairs leading down into the large entrance hall. The man looks in a hurry as he crosses the neatly polished floors with a quick pace to his stride, already motioning to his driver to get the car warm and running. No time to waste, it seems. Perfect.
He thought keeping an injured, harmless man within the bounds of the property was a pretty straight-forward command but yet somehow, Paula managed to mess up. She’s too soft and it resulted in Novak sneaking out. Yes, he merely went to have dinner with his brother but Castiel could have escaped, could have gone to the cops. Who knows what he even told that other guy and-
And with that, Dean goes quiet, his eyes finally letting go of Castiel’s to look away for a fraction of a second. When he looks up again, those very eyes are filled with actual tears.
But Dean doesn’t spare him another second of attention after that, simply turns towards Sam again and very calmly says “Mr. Wesson. It appears that you once again don’t have your employee under control. I feel personally attacked by him and it doesn’t seem like he’s willing to accept my deal. I was trying to be reasonable here, Mr. Wesson.”
So Castiel steps off the ledge. “Isn’t that why you’re here?” he asks, already knowing the answer, “to fuck me? Just do it already! I won’t fight.”
Castiel immediately goes quiet when their Rolls Royce pulls up in front of the venue. A reaction Dean had expected yet had not been enough of a reason for him to change any of it. There will be more surprises to come, unpleasant ones maybe but they will keep Castiel on his toes at least. “Is that-“
Coming home should feel like a relief, he knows that, yet when he pushes the front door closed behind him all he can think of is how numb and worn out he is despite of the relatively okay sleep he’d gotten the night before. Denying it is pointless though because the sensations are far too familiar, having felt them in his early twenties for the last time doesn’t take away from him immediately recognizing them as the dull, dark pull of a swelling depression and no matter how much it should make alarms go off, Castiel is exceptionally tranquil. Ultimately, the indifference felt more like coming home than stepping into his own house had done.
“Holy shit!” His brother suddenly whisper-yells as he nods over Castiel’s shoulder. “That’s him, right? Hot damn, he’s even better in real life. Okay, I’ll admit: I’m a little bit jealous.”
Neither of those factors take away from the pressing urgency of threading carefully, that goes without saying, because one mishap, just one slip-up, could land him a lifetime in jail and everyone knows you can’t be a king if there’s no kingdom to rule.
Did he- did he just say that out loud? Castiel snaps his eyes up and the surprised look he’s met with tells him enough; he definitely just said that straight to this armed man’s face. Shutting up would be the right thing to do here, definitely if he wanted to refrain from obtaining further harm, or if he valued his life enough, but the gates are open and all of his pent-up anger just floods out of him.
Shamelessly, the billionaire unzips his dress pants and pulls out the hard cock, wasting no time in stroking it while never breaking eye contact with Castiel. He finds it absolutely delicious when blue eyes can’t stop themselves from flickering down and then back up quickly. Even if it’s just that one time, it’s nearly enough to make him cum from the thought alone. But this is even better, getting to stare straight at the tears rolling down a flushed, scared face, every raw emotion of vulnerability laid out just for him and him alone.
“Thank you, sweetheart.” Dean all but purrs as his hand comes to rest on her back. It’s horrendous having to watch the strikingly inappropriate behaviour, especially since he’s pretty sure the woman hasn’t even noticed him standing there.
Instead, he does as he’s been told through gritted teeth, ignoring how red his torso appears even in the dim light of his bedroom. No matter how soft the quality silk might be, it still makes him gasp out in pain as it lightly settles over every inch of burning skin. From his collar bones to his nipples and ribs, the shirt clings to his frame without mercy.
Castiel gets lost multiple times in search of the coffee machine. A place like this and they have no break rooms? No, it’s already ten minutes later when he figures out he has to go all the way down to the main floor where the company has its own little shop with hot drinks and pastries. He gets lost again on his way back so by the time he’s finally knocking on the glass door again, at least twenty-five minutes, if not longer, have gone by.
He’s spoken the words so many times that they roll off his tongue without much thought, without much meaning left even. Though if it weren’t for the truth hidden in them, he wouldn’t be here, in rehab. Again.
Staring down an armed, glorified doorman apparently wasn’t the best tactic but it was all he could come up with when words obviously fell short and weren’t getting him any closer to the office his presence was supposed to be requested at.
He shrugs it off, has to, and goes on to pretend he doesn’t notice how his hands tremble when they pick up the gold-rimmed porcelain mug, even the coffee inside moves around in controlled splashes. At least all the liquid does now is stain his skin, no longer burning it.
“His unfortunate death stirred up a lot of emotions previously buried, a newly risen wave of outrage, so to speak. But you knew that already, didn’t you, Mr. Winchester? You’re a smart man. Dangerous? Yes, but smart as well. Or did you really think your actions-“
“Ain’t that what couples do after shit like this? You know, celebrate?” The way Mr. Winchester says it is so impassive and detached that it instantly replaces the uneasiness Cas felt earlier with straight up cold fear. He’d thought about it, more than once; speculating just how far this man would go with the abuse of power he held. What exactly is this pretentious individual capable of?
As soon as Dean stands up to go pour himself another drink, Teddy is right there by the man’s side, ever obedient and cautious. It distantly makes Castiel realize murdering Dean in his own home would be near impossible. Unless you count being mauled to death by a dog while doing so as a victory of course, but that’s not his main issue here. The fact part of the plan had apparently been to bring Mr. Winchester’s beloved pet to the safe house means they’re here to stay for a while, this was no temporary setback to be dealt with overnight, this was serious.
“I’m sorry! Truly, I am! Mr. Winchester picked me up, insisted on bringing me home, I simply haven’t had access to my phone until now.” He inhales softly. If only he could transmit regret through waves.
Right then and there, Castiel loses his patience. He stands up quickly, shoving his chair back hard while doing so, and turns around in anger, having to take a few deep breaths with his hands on his hips before he can even begin contemplating actually wasting more breaths here.
If it wasn’t for the estimated 17.5 million he’d make out of this business idea in the first two years after launching, Mr. Winchester would have given up on the board meetings, negotiations and endless paperwork a long time ago. But truth be told, he had a fortune to uphold and more importantly: a reputation to keep.
“If you don’t sign this, I will destroy you.” Mr. Winchester had whispered in his ear. Slow and deep before running his thumb over Castiel’s bruised cheek, pushing down the entire length of the painful area. “And this,” he chuckled while forcefully grabbing Castiel’s hand and pressing it to the small of his back where something was hooked under his belt, “this ain’t a fake one. And yes, it’s loaded. Now tell me,
Of course he had to ask. “Good. Yeah, good” Castiel sighs as he runs badly shaking fingers over his tired eyes. “It’s, uh- it’s hard sometimes.”
Of all the things he could have said ‘because you’re an addict, that’s why!’ was probably not the best one. But as most bad choices in life, they’ve already been made by the time we change our minds. Dean can’t take back what leaves the man before him quiet in defeat, he can only throw in a feeble attempt at getting it all to make sense to Castiel. Why doesn’t Cas just see it?
The security at this event is anything unlike Cas has ever seen. There’s barricades, a red carpet, hordes of paparazzi, and of course: bodyguards, almost one for every person attending so it seems and he finds himself wondering why on earth Mr. Winchester had allowed this to be so open. The man must have known this would attract a lot of attention, both wanted and unwanted.
There’s no use in arguing. He’d forgive his brother anyway but the genuine apology does soothe the slight sting still left from the words spoken earlier. “Thank you, Gabe. I’m sorry, too. I should have called.”
Having the allergies he does meant he’d spent a lifetime avoiding any prolonged contacts with dogs which in turn brought a certain ingrained fear along with it. Sure, he liked some of them, if they were nice and calm and small, but this was no doubt a trained guard dog, the only thing stopping it from actually hurting Cas was Dean standing there, ready to interfere if necessary.
Castiel could have made a million different choices that night. From dumping the boy’s ass right on that couch and never looking back, to going for a much needed meal in an attempt to sober up a bit. He even could’ve just taken Darius home, fucked him raw and then called it a night.
“I think you’ve done enough.” Dean grits out before holding Castiel’s gaze for a moment of quiet anger and then eventually turning away again, “not another word” he adds, successfully ending the exchange however meagre it might have been.
When Mr. Winchester hands him a phone along with a pre-written message, Cas is forced to remove his hands from where they’d previously been trying to veil his almost fully naked body. It’s not like he was ashamed of his physique, sure, he could probably gain some mass where he’d gotten a bit on the thin side after treating himself to nothing but microwave dinners like the man on a budget he is, but having to stand there in just his black boxers with three pairs of eyes on him was definitely far beyond the measures of his comfort zone.
For the next ten minutes, Castiel has to listen to a story that goes on and on about this woman and her personality and of course, her boobs. Every time he manages to zone in again after nearly falling asleep with how exhausted he feels, there’s more talk about every aspect of the female anatomy in which he has absolutely zero interest. He’s gay for a reason.
Miraculously, he does, even seeming a bit shocked at himself for talking so much, judging by the way he snaps his mouth closed and finally acknowledges Castiel again. Castiel who, unbeknownst to Gabriel, has been sinking further and further into despair for the past ten minutes and who is having a
And that’s not a coincidence. Castiel might not have found any useful information on this ‘Ben’ person, he did find out this week was the station’s annual retreat when looking for Donna’s phone number. He wasn’t going to walk straight into a police station while under the watchful eye of Mr. Winchester's numerous staff members, that would be signing his own death sentence, guaranteed.
“Just get some rest, okay? You’ve got a pretty nasty infection going and you owe me an explanation about those weird burns on your chest but that can wait. Sleep, Cassie.”
This time however, after her usual chipper greeting, she makes a second cup of coffee, placing it down on the counter as she winks at Castiel. “On the house.” Seems like being the CEO’s fake fiancé does come with some advantages after all.
It’s almost cynical, having to stand there while listening to another one of Winchester’s business presentations about that damned factory since that’s specifically what got him in this situation in the first place. Knowing what he knows now, which is whom exactly he decided to provoke a week ago, he evidently would’ve just kept his stupid mouth shut.
When he hears the tell tale whistles, followed by Ted’s bedroom door being locked, he knows Mr. Winchester has gotten the dog inside and is settling for an easy evening, too. It isn’t much longer after that the CEO returns. Mr. Winchester has gotten rid off his jacket and tie, blouse slightly unbuttoned and Ralph Lauren socks quietly manoeuvring over the shiny hardwood floors.
” comes her motherly cooing as she gently pushes his sweaty hair aside and stares at him for a moment, then noticing his confused look and adding “handsome” as an explanation, chuckling softly.  ‘Oh’ is all Castiel can respond to that.
“About two months ago” Cas answers truthfully. The fingertips vaguely gliding over the faint scars on his chest remind him of how tender the skin still is in some places, it reminds him why he now drinks his coffee cold.
“Alright, let’s call it a night.” Dean barks at the guards once they’re out of the foyer. Three men scramble right away, getting everything in order from bringing the cars around to ensuring the chosen exit is free to use all while their employer’s safety is closely monitored without fault. It’s in that moment Cas realizes these men would probably use him as a human shield should there ever be any sense of danger threatening the princess’s ass over there.
He doesn’t even have time to fully get out of his car before a set of rough hands from an unknown man drag him towards the hotel’s back entrance without a word of explanation. Cold eyes skimming the lot as if to make sure they weren’t being watched catch his attention and Castiel goes rigid.
“No, no! Please don’t!” With just the twist of a key, Teddy is out of his room, running straight towards the plate of food in front of Cas. With him still sitting down, he and the dog are the same height which makes the second encounter all the more terrifying. He wants to scramble away but it’s too late, his movement involuntarily disturbs the eating animal and it snaps. It’s just a warning bite, a quick nip though still at full force with teeth sinking into his jaw and cheek.
Sure enough, when Paula reappears not even a full two minutes later, she’s followed by an older gentleman wearing what Cas assumes is yet another one of those four digit suits, the only thing giving away the man’s profession being the stethoscope around his neck.
Paula on the other hand appears to be completely at ease apart from the worried frown. Either because she’s just part of the network and is comfortable with shady happenings like these or because she’s none the wiser on what’s actually at play here.
“Are you saying I did that?! You have some fucking nerve, Novak!” Based on how Mr. Winchester turns around in anger, shaking his head and breathing hard with all the rage, Castiel is more than convinced he’s going to get a fist right in the jaw, if not worse. But when Dean faces him again, the man appears awfully calm, almost as if he flipped a switch. “I didn’t do that.” He says.
“Listen, I can’t stay that long unfortunately. There’s someth- yes, we should indeed go out for drinks soon, we’ll find a date. But there’s something I’d like to ask you, a favor.
“Oh, no, no, sir. Please, no need to apologize.” Dr. Beaumont smiles, looking up from his tablet, “I don’t expect you to know any of that jargon, you can leave the worrying to me. Did you have an I.V.”
“Darling, would you mind giving us a minute? My buttercup over there had a rough day yesterday.” She audibly coos at that, falling right into Dean’s lies and leaving the office none the wiser on
Castiel’s defenses were weak from the get-go, he knew that, but he’ll forever be set on not going down without a fight, so even as they’re walking to the front door, angry glares with hushed arguments were right there with them.
It began with their fight in New York, with Castiel breaking down and every request for drugs being firmly denied by a fed up Dean. They’d gone on for nearly an hour, up to a point where bodyguards had to come between them when things threatened to become too heated, ultimately avoiding further damage in the eye of the storm.
“Paula said you made a phone call and when she went to check on you, you were gone. So either you tell me where you are so I can come and get you right now or I swear to God I will hunt you down.”
Castiel’s blood runs cold. All throughout their small talk and friendly conversation, he can’t do anything but panic about the fact Mr. Winchester even knows about her because despite some of the aspects of Cas’ life being quite public due to his father’s fame, his relationships had always stayed private. Or so he thought.
“Hey, I wouldn’t blame you! He’s rich and he’s not hard to look at but there’s got to be some love involved too, right? Because if it’s money, Cas, we’ve got enough left in dad’s accounts.”
ever since that innocent man’s blood had pooled around his feet. He caught himself eyeing every gulp of alcohol Dean consumed, found his mind wondering which cabinets might contain pills, even considered if any employees at Winchester Co. were the kind with access to certain substances, and he hated it.
And in the blink of an eye, Castiel feels himself being dug deeper and deeper into the ground, as if with every new word, Gabriel shovels clear the path to a grave he doesn’t even know he’s digging.
“Yes,” Gabriel sighs as he rolls his eyes at his brother’s air quotes, “is that not what you call it? Anyhow, there’s like a handful of guys out there. You know, real Men in Black types: suit, gun, earpiece, the whole nine! But I thought you knew that? Or is that not normal f-“
The shouting never comes. Instead, Dean walks over quietly once he realizes what is going on, he then gently takes the glass out of Cas’ hands and puts it away, out of reach. ”Did you drink any?”
“What happened?” Cas asks Paula once more in a last attempt at answers but she hears it before he does. Someone is unlocking the front door so she immediately straightens out her blouse, makes sure her hair is still neat, and comes over to the table to pick up some dirty dishes.
He was the one who dragged his father out there. He was the one who’d screamed and raged until he finally got what he wanted because even at a young age, Dean caught on to what could be achieved. Not that he fully understood when he was a child, but even then did he take notice of the whole ‘do as I tell you or you’ll end up hurt’ schtick.
Huh, that is the kindest way he’s ever heard that request being asked. Doesn’t mean he’ll comply, though.
In that moment, he didn’t care, too angry and upset. He had always managed to smile through any abuse and pick his career over personal issues like a responsible adult yet this right here, being verbally degraded by a man he had already despised for years, had proven too much to simply let go.
The material feels nice between his fingers, so much so that he can’t seem to stop slowly running his thumb over where it’s clutched in his hands, though he doesn't manage to actually move beyond the stroking. He just stands there, frozen, intense eyes glued to his skin and he doesn’t even need to look up to see them, their ferocity providing all the uneasiness needed.
As was Castiel, a then twenty-three year old law student granted his first internship under the watchful eye of Mr. Turner, a good teacher but also a man close to retirement who never gave two fucks to begin with. But Castiel never complained. An internship within corporate law meant he would be given the chance to visit some of the biggest companies over the span of eleven weeks, and perhaps even attend some board meetings.
It’d started well. Really, it had. That was until chatter simmered down, PowerPoint slides were clicked through, and things actually began to take shape within the momentum created. Castiel found out the hard way that the faces behind globally known companies didn’t turn out to be ones worthy of admiration, but rather exactly true to their name given: ‘faces’.
If Cas could bite off his tongue to keep him from snapping back, he would. It would be easier. “What is it? I thought I was quite clear when I asked you not to waste my time. So, be a good boy and tell daddy what you want.”
For once, Castiel was guided into the Lincoln alongside Dean instead of shoved towards one of the back-up SUV’s but of course, it was simply to please the public’s watchful eye as they were sent off with another round of cheers and flashing cameras before finally,
What he found upon entering the estate was -to put it mildly- a mess. And he wasn’t referring to the shattered glass littering the floor. No, what he was staring at was the shell of the man as lost in the world as he was the day he was born.
Both of them come to a halt when finally noticing Castiel. The poor woman looks as if she’s about to pass out from shame, cheeks reddening and eyes wide with shock. “Mr. Novak!” She chokes out before letting out a string of incoherent words only vaguely sounding like apologies. But Mr. Winchester is there to save the day. Ever the gentleman, is he not?
Dean, of course, completely ignores it. “Doctor,” he greets politely, “thank you for coming on such short notice.” The older gentleman immediately matches his behavior to Mr. Winchester’s fake concern, a response probably ingrained in his brains from years of pleasing his patients. It makes Castiel boil inside. How do people not see it? Why don’t people understand that everything about that manipulative bastard is fake?
“Him” The man grins, obviously for the sheer enjoyment of challenging Mr. Winchester after having been screwed out of a pact but, surely, they couldn’t… right?
Castiel can only focus on the clouds his breath makes in the cool evening air, shoving his frozen hands just a little deeper into his pockets. Winter sure came early this year. And maybe it’s just him, but it seemed to feel a lot colder than he can remember as well.
The lips that come up to brush against his cheek, however light they may be, distantly have his body wishing for more. But more never comes. Just as suddenly as this had all started, it ends abruptly when Mr. Winchester pushes them apart forcefully. This finally leaves room for Castiel to breathe again but the feelings that wash over him immediately have him wishing he was choking instead.
“What’s the matter?” Dean had asked him out of the blue, mockery present in every word, concern oppositely absent. “Is the little lamb afraid of the big bad wolf?”
Though, there’s something you should know about the world-renowned Dean Winchester: he’s the kind of guy that has people begging to be acknowledged by him, even if it’s just a split second of eye contact or a vague grunt in their general direction, it didn’t matter. Employees spared no shame in trying their very best to please and serve, hoping one day
“Sir!” Castiel gasps amidst Dean’s rambling, getting the man to take a breather for the first time in what seems like minutes, “sir, please. That’s all very… generous and kind of you but I’m not hungry.”
But even among all the commotion, Castiel still looks at him, eyes tired but bright, clearer than they were over the past few weeks which is a God sent gift. The last thing they need right now is either of them looking anything but pristine at such a public and important event.
that sounded. But Castiel isn’t some obedient, little bitch. He was going to show the prick that not everyone was willing to kiss his ass. So, as fake as he can, with a voice even more soft and needy, he shoots back. “What would you like me to do about it, Mr. Winchester?” Even going as far as to not-so-innocently fluttering his dark eyelashes in the process.
“That’s what happens, Mr. Winchester,” Ketch had said to him days before their deal, “that’s what happens when you decide to share your throne; you’re no longer the sole leader and that makes you
“No.” Is all he gets for an answer, Mr. Winchester still indulged in his dining and not even granting Castiel eye contact like he’d done for the past forty-five minutes. It was unnerving and dehumanizing to be treated like a dog.
“That night,” Gabriel eventually admits quietly, “he cried. Actual tears, because he thought you were gone. It was the first, and
“Just look at him!” Mr. Winchester shouts again as he violently pushes himself away from plaything #1 and points at chew toy #2. “Fucking look at him! That man is nothing more than a scumbag who was about to stick his dirty little cock in some virgin, underage pussy! Look at him!”
he hears the woman exclaim and right when he’s about to step down into the living area, Cas can finally see where all the hassle was stemming from: Teddy runs past him at full speed, his nails ticking against the stone floors and tongue hanging out, panting hard from what Cas presumes has been a game of outrunning a staff member for God knows how long.
“You know,” he begins, mouth already full with some chocolate, “it’s real cool that you’ve got your own bodyguards and stuff but if they’re gonna make us feel like some famous actors I’d at least expect the real star to be here, no offense-“
“Very well then. If Mr. Novak has no decency to even listen to my proposal, I’ll go ahead and file the charges. See you in court, gentlemen.” Then, without further words, he picks up his notepad, stands up and makes his way out of the room without sparing any of the men another look.
Castiel thinks. No wonder all these employees were trying to get in his pants if it suddenly promoted them to personal assistant. But where did that leave him? The thought of not even being good enough anymore to fetch a fucking cup of coffee in the morning does it and before Cas can stop it, he’s crying into his trembling hands right in front of the couple.
Castiel is blindfolded, grabbed by two men and dragged out of the room in a split second. He knows not even God himself could save him from this yet Castiel prays and prays,
Trying to explain that he knows the way up to the office is futile, these two body builders seem brainwashed into escorting him up to the fourteenth floor and personally delivering him to the CEO like a wrapped present, bow and all.
what I mean, Cas.” His fingers slide down as he confesses, all so he can tilt Novak’s face up and closer to his own. “I need you by my side.”
Castiel hopes it’s over now. That Dean believes him and that they can go home, go back to ignoring each other and pretend this never happened but when he dares look up again, Mr. Winchester is still utterly pissed, nodding in disbelief with an agitated grin on his lips.
the reason behind bright purple blossoms might be. But the seriousness in that question leaves him no choice.
The pause that follows is long and utterly, devastatingly useless in preventing the inevitable because even if they weren’t gagged to silence, Cas is sure neither he himself, nor the other man would have dared to speak up. It’s almost as if Dean somehow still expects an answer, current habits of being a self-possessed egomaniac don’t die young, I guess.
“Oh, I know. I know they’re watching us. Not here, this place doesn’t even officially exist, but out there? Hell, yeah. They’ve got people on every corner.”
Out of all the things he’s had to face before, why was this the hardest one yet? Why did he let a previously invaluable opponent knock him down after a round only lasting sixteen days? Perhaps it was because Mr. Winchester’s final punch thrown had been the one to say ‘Now stay down’?
“Shh,” the man says while pulling out a semi-hard cock, his free hand coming to rest in Castiel’s hair “don’t ruin our night.” A fight is about the last thing Cas wants right now, he can agree on that, so he swallows and gets ready, but not before asking where Dean knew Hannah from.
Castiel swears he even hears some names sounding uncomfortably close to known crime rings though he finds himself more nervous than actually surprised. Not even a few weeks ago was he the one fighting these kinds of underground illegalities between big-name companies, he’d suspected Mr. Winchester was involved, but now the cold sweat running down his back kept him more alert than he’d ever been. After all, they’d met up in the middle of the night, in a secluded place and with each attendee (except himself of course) being armed.
Dean’s hands are on him before he can process it but they’re not rough like he expected them to be, they’re kind, protective. One hand slides over his cheek, hiding the thin scar left there from when Ted bit Cas, almost wanting to cover it and make it disappear, while the other hand has its fingers resting between his collar bones, right above another set of scars received in this battle.
Nice things like these always left Castiel on edge, at least when they came from Mr. Winchester, because that guy could flip like a light switch and go from relatively gentle to downright terrifyingly violent in a matter of seconds. After rain comes sunshine, but here, rain always comes back, crashing through whatever nice image the pastel strokes had made to be enjoyed.
All he can do is stand there and wait, at least he’s not being yelled at so, it’s not like he cares. Cas just takes his time to let his eyes wander around the big office space. The lack of glass walls like in the conference rooms actually gives it a slightly warmer feeling, especially with the morning sun reflecting off the variety of shiny objects placed all around. From silver stationery, to polished awards and chrome details decorating the wooden desk and matching cabinets.
“So,” Dr. Beaumont continues, pulling out an impressive collection of medical equipment, “I was requested by Sir to aide in attending to some unfortunate burns. Correct?”
“You’re lucky” is the verdict. Even though trouble was to be expected after the mess that had been their lives for the past three weeks, hearing such a statement makes Cas’ empty stomach drop. He’s just not ready for whatever punishment has been laid out for him.
.” There’s a hasty dismissal of his gratitude but the small smile before she promptly sits down on the bed doesn’t go unnoticed.
“It’s my turn now,” the woman announces with a smile and then gives Cas a once over, “much better” she adds in regards to his fresh haircut. He takes her word for it, not really having the energy to face whatever might stare back at him if he’d actually look into one of the ridiculously big mirrors accentuating the marble sinks below them. Avoiding reality and all that.
, why would he ever think of himself as one? That would implement he’s some kind of simple sheep herder and a saviour to said dumb sheep. No, Dean Winchester wasn’t just a basic leader, he was far
Hearing the words isn’t quite enough to make him realize he’s full on yelling now, no longer just thinking them in the battlefield he dared call a brain, yet he can’t seem to stop. Apparently whatever drugs they’ve put in his system not only take away some of the pain, they also completely erase his verbal filter along with it.
All his life he’d been forced to stand up for the little guy, him being the little guy in this scenario, as he fought bravely for a place among those living a relatively comfortable existence, kicking his way through hardship and rejection by never backing down and always, always getting up on his feet again. Keep grinding, you know?
“His staff is taking great care of me and his doctor even paid me a visit. Please, don’t worry about me, Gabriel. I’m sorry for making you so upset.”
Luckily for him, Gabriel is supportive, if only slightly astonished by the whole situation. Castiel lets out a little breath of relief when handing the phone back to Mr. Winchester because he doesn’t know what he would have done if his brother started asking all the wrong questions, unknowingly backing him into a possibly fatal corner by doing so. “
He’d panicked initially, tried to cover up his body like a fool but what good would that do him? There isn’t any level of vulnerability more intense than standing completely naked in someone else’s shower while the host himself waltzes in as if he, well, owns the place.
Unable of overpowering a wave of trembling, he sinks to the floor, Teddy now barking right in his face and deafening him while doing it. The animal might simply be as confused as Castiel is, but what does Cas know? He hasn’t the slightest idea about how dogs work so to him it’s a clear threat.
It’s far beyond an acceptable time to be outside and asking lone pedestrians for directions without being clocked as a paedophile, but does he have a choice? Castiel hasn’t the slightest idea of where he’d been driven to earlier that night, doesn’t know if they’re even in the same state anymore. Rubbing his trembling hands over tired eyes, he makes his way to the exit, surprised to see not even the tailor nor the owner are in sight any more but he knows better than to touch anything, even in the dark does he know those price tags easily surpass six digits.
It goes without saying that setting schemes of such grandeur in motion only works when every last piece -down to the finest detail- is not just taken care of but pampered and spoiled to ensure happy little dollar bills make their way into the greedy hands of some big name CEO.
The faces around him are downright unrecognizable with how blurry his vision is becoming, his knuckles turning white where he’s gripping the doorframe as if it’s a lifeline. That damned doorframe. All it does is remind him of the fact they’re not even letting him go out of his room.
The car’s rumble could have lulled him to sleep but they arrive before he can truly drift off, the driver already wishing him a good night and closing the door behind him when Cas’ mind is still as foggy as it had been all afternoon, barely mumbling out a response in time.
When he’s finally able to concentrate again after his stand-off with a literal Hell Hound, Castiel takes his time to really look at Mr. Winchester’s mansion for the first time. It’s exactly how he’d imagined it: immense, spotless, modern and dripping in wealth, not even appearing as if someone actually
Seeing as none of the men around him seem open for some heart-to-heart talks or friendly chatter, Castiel has to settle on the next best thing to acquire at least some information about what’s going on. As he lets his attention wander around the room, he makes sure to not make direct eye contact with any of them, much like one would avoid doing with a wild animal because, he isn’t entirely convinced these people wouldn’t
The brotherly banter can get annoying sometimes, Castiel will admit that, but honestly, it does make things easier to deal with and in fragile situations like this one, it’s exactly what’s keeping the broken pieces together when they’re so damn close to crumbling.
It’s nearly eight-thirty when he makes it back, yet the CEO still isn’t anywhere to be seen and Cas starts wondering if Dean will show up at all today. He just hopes that if the man does, it will be soon because feeling how noticeably the cup in his hand is cooling down already gives him that jittery kind of anxiety. Handing over cold coffee would be worse than if he’d simply be late with the order, thus making his plan entirely backfire.
Castiel is quiet as a stares at the front page. “WINCHESTER UNDER FIRE AFTER HEATED ARGUMENT WITH LEGAL TEAM” it says, right above a picture of the man in question during the middle of his corporate cock-sucking speech. Castiel immediately boils with rage again as humiliation and shame come flooding back.
Dean can never know about the true nature of the police’s visit. Not now, not ever, so Castiel walks back to his old house, pulls the front-door shut and then makes his way over to the driveway again to face what has to be done. “Neighbors got concerned be-“
And so, that night, Castiel sneaks out of the house. He has to make his way down the long path slowly, keeping his breathing in check with every step but in the end, he finds himself at the second set of gates with Gabriel already waiting for him.
. Castiel finds it to be both a blessing and a curse because it does facilitate coming back to work, they can just slip right into the previous flow and pick up where they'd left off, but on the other hand it does sting.
Here, he’s safe from suspicion but that doesn’t mean he’s got time to waste for he’s not going to push his luck either. “Donna, hi” he greets and excuses himself as he pulls her to the side. She immediately goes into an overjoyed state, asking Cas a million questions, powdered sugar still coating her fingers and mouth.
The second contract was a longer one, and definitely not legal. It was full of overly complicated terminology and vague descriptions but Castiel understood just fine. Bottom line, it was forcing him to be available for Dean day and night without it ever telling him what exactly was to be expected which was precisely what made it dangerous because there were no rules nor limits imposed on his service.
Being fired was one thing but becoming a personal servant to the world’s number one Asshole™ truly gutted him in no way even his dishonourable discharge from Wesson could do, with or without the threats made on his life. If he was chained to this contract for a whole year, it also meant he wouldn’t even have time to start his search for a new job, if he’ll ever manage to find one again. What about rent?
There’s the tiniest of smiles forming. It’s sad and costs him endless amounts of energy but it’s still there. “I do,” Castiel confesses, “but I’m still sick and you still haven’t told me why you called in the first place.”
Before Cas can even get over the fact Mr. Winchester had actually shown up there’s more angry words with heated yelling filling his ears and making his head pound. “Plaything or not,” Castiel can hear Dean rumble, “he’s still mine to do with as I please! You’ve fucking disrespected my property!”
Besides nodding absentmindedly, Paula doesn’t seem as if she’s going to answer that question and Castiel begins to feel as if he’ll never know. But then she scoots a bit closer, hushing her voice even though they’re the only ones home, and whispers “el diablo”.
As owner of Winchester International Co., one of the most successful and rapidly growing companies reaching far beyond the terrains of America already, the young millionaire was becoming a known player in the field, right along the top dogs and best of the best, much to his own delight.
It takes a few stammering words before Castiel can actually comprehend what he just heard, looking at the bitchy frown accommodating an unsaid menace, a challenge to see if the nobody from some random law firm will actually dare to say something back. “Excuse me?!” Castiel eventually asks with as much of a dare to it as the eyes still regarding him as if he’s worth less than garbage on the street.
Most of all, he remembers how empty he felt and it wasn’t from the lack of food. No, he felt sad, alone and abandoned even though, technically, he was the one who demanded to be left alone. Wasn’t that what he had wanted? What he still wants?
“What do you mean, ‘no’?!” Castiel was absolutely furious. He’d been arguing with the security guard for a solid five minutes already but he’d been denied access to the building for just as long. How was he supposed to please His Majesty up there when he couldn’t even get past the entrance? “Can I just talk to Mr. Winchester?” Another request denied.
Castiel had a vague idea. Not roses and comfort, but rather images of blood and gore, of torture, agony and fear, his body mauled by angry possessive hands before the unrecognizable parts get burned and scattered as if they were meaningless ashes from a burning cigarette hanging between disinterested lips.
Of course it was brushed off by Mr. Turner. Not in a ‘this is okay’ way, but in a ‘I’m old and have grown up in a generation where women were still only believed to cook and clean’ way. It stung, for days, weeks even, as Castiel had to watch some of the people present during that meeting give speeches at humanitarian events mere nights later.
“If you can’t make decisions like a big boy, you better eat whatever the fuck I give you.” The food in Mr. Winchester’s house is probably all caviar compared to Cas’s microwave dinners anyway but when he goes to sit down at the Ebony dining table, there’s a punch waiting for him. Literally.
What was he thinking? His mind is clear about one thing though: it was a moment of weakness and vulnerability but Cas thought he was stronger than that. He’s known for a while now, years in fact, that he craves comfort, someone to hold him and tell him it’s going to be alright. How he fell right into the scheme of believing that person is Dean, was a mystery to him.
When screeching tires cut through the unmeasured chaos, his heart starts pounding again within an instant. Of course that damned dog heard them too and is galloping towards the sound at full speed followed by two people in full combat gear. The door slams shut soon after. There’s yelling coming from the hallway followed by a load of cursing and things getting smashed on the floor. In any other instance, that would have scared him, but right now it’s the best sound in the world.
Of course when Gabriel comes back into the room, unceremoniously dropping candy bars after stuffing his hands with more than he can carry, he’s as chipper as ever and doesn’t seem aware of the danger they’re in, making it all the more urgent.
“Yeah, I read something about that. Also heard some people were against it. You know, those real hippies with their avocado bagels and vegan voodoo stuff. Though, I’ve gotta hand it to them, that factory is probably going to pollute the air even more and then of course there’s the-“
“Well, enjoy your night, Cassie” Hannah smiles before walking away. But he’s not left alone for long. Dean appears not even a few minutes later and takes his hand to drag him away, to somewhere quiet, Cas thinks, but they don’t stop until they’ve reached the bathrooms at the far end of the building where Dean pulls him inside one of the stalls and locks the door behind them.
It takes a while, but Castiel slowly settles into the soothing touches running up and down his back, up and down, up and- he only opens his again when Melissa pats the back of his thigh, “you can turn over now, sir”.
is the one who could walk away untouched from a smoldering building, even if the fire was one forged by his own hand, but Castiel? Castiel would
No further explanation is given. Judging by the subtle sweat around dark blond hair and the nervous twitch in Dean’s hand, Castiel already knows exactly what this is about. It’s gang-related, meaning: danger. “Where to?” he simply asks through short breaths. Dean is quick to lead the both of them through a hallway, right past the bathrooms where they’d been partaking in dirty deeds not even an hour ago, but there’s no time to think about that. He can’t be thinking about his lips around Dean’s cock. “Stay back!” is the last thing he hears before a bullet whizzes right past his ears.
So it spread, slowly, until coating Castiel’s bare feet as they were dragged over the concrete once more. They say people would step in blood to obtain a Louboutin walk, red rolling out the carpet in front while leaving an equally dark trail behind, forever following you around as strangers admire the luxury and compliment the color.
“Gabe! For fuck’s sake. Stop, just- no. I wasn’t allowed to say anything because we couldn’t risk this getting out to the press. Do you understand, or is your teenage brain too wired on sex for you to even think straight anymore?”
Mr. Winchester frowns as he smiles softly. It’s almost as if he’s surprised Mr. Novak hadn’t believed him earlier. “I told you: because I need you.”
rooms exactly. To his knowledge, they’re always locked and he’s never seen Mr. Winchester go in any of them.
Anyway, who cares? Not Castiel. He had food to eat, books to read, a cock to tug and a museum to visit, maybe even do some window shopping, who knows? But before he can even make it out of the building, his peaceful tea-sipping time gets unapologetically disturbed by the ringing of his door bell. No one ever came to his house except for the occasional Jehovah’s witnesses so it’s with a practised bored look that he eventually answers, excuses to shoo them away already in the back of his mind.
Yet, every past instance he can recall, Castiel knows with an unmistakable clarity he always defied the odds and kept pushing past his breaking point. When the crowds would start murmuring, whispering he won’t make it as they stared down at his bloodied and quitting body Castiel would get up, wipe the crimson from his face and get ready to fight again.
That finally does it. A second later he’s back up in a sitting position, body firmly pressed against the car’s door as he tries to catch his breath and steady his violently shaking limbs. “Fine.” Dean scowls. Then, after only a split moment of musing: “I still want to be pleased, Mr. Novak and I always get what I want.”
“Gentlemen” he greets, “let’s get to it.” After having ushered Cas out of the chair, Dean sits down on it and motions to the two empty ones before him. The seats get taken by whoever gets there first, or maybe there’s an order to all of this, Castiel has no idea. He just knows this isn’t an ordinary business meeting. Beside the seemingly normal discussions about money and future plans, there’s also talk about ‘protection’ and ‘keeping the peace’.
Trying to focus on the shouting is hard, it all sounds indistinguishable and muted though the accents and voices behind them are quite familiar. They’re arguing, angry about something but Castiel couldn’t care less, all he knows is that he’s in unbearable pain and he just wants it to stop.
The hard smack against his cheek stings long after it’s been delivered, easing only when a pain greater than the blow takes its place under the form of a hand roughly grabbing his hair and trying to pull him closer between open legs. “Please, no- sir.”
“What are you going to do about it, Mr. Novak?” Even Wesson seems to shift in his chair by how challenging and
Faces, façades, nothing more than fonds specifically designed to hide the one truth Castiel uncovered right then and there, as degrading green eyes looked down on him while Mr. Winchester bluntly stated a ‘pretty piece of ass’ like Mr. Novak couldn’t have possibly gained a spot in that room by being ‘smart’, if you know what I mean.
He studies the gun. It’s heavy, not only due to the stainless steel resting in his hands, but also with one of world’s hardest questions weighing it down, getting more difficult to carry with every new intake of breath.
For some reason, that gives Castiel a sense of clarity. However sad it may sound, Dean not remembering him means Cas has not been present in such a sick, vile, evil mind over the past decade and that, to him, is a small comfort.
Dean pulls him closer right before the valets can close the doors behind them and turns towards the crowd one last time as he brings Castiel in for a deep kiss for everyone to see. The screams go absolutely wild. Yeah, those pictures will be on the front cover tomorrow.
“Alright,” he announces firmly, clapping his hands just once which immediately makes the entire room go quiet, “let’s do this.” Dean Winchester is a captivating man, not only intriguing his ten best business partners currently before him, but even making people outside in the hallways stop and stare for a second as they just bask in his distant presence as if he was Jesus himself.
“Señora Paula!” He screams, immediately sending himself into a coughing fit as he scrambles from underneath the silk sheets too quickly. The floor sways but he manages to stay upright. “Señora!” Cas calls again. This time, she comes running in, looking alarmed. “Sí, señor?!”
But Castiel already had.  From the moment light shone upon the face before him, up until the very moment Dean stood waving a weapon at his heart, Castiel had looked at the man. He’d seen the tears in haunted eyes, the fear of a life worth living being taken away, the begging.
Next to it is a fifty dollar note, how generous. At least it ensures he can finally get out of the place because both his wallet and phone had hastily been left behind when he got snatched from his house quite unexpectedly that afternoon. The armed man showing up on his front porch suddenly felt so distant, so long ago already, while in reality not even twelve hours had gone by since then. It’d been a draining day and Castiel just
He’s in the middle of spewing some meaningless arguments at the completely unimpressed men when he sees a third person jogging towards him. It’s Mr. Winchester’s personal guard, Benny Lafitte. Oddly comforting, might he admit amidst the chaos in his brain.
Mr. Winchester is quiet, which is highly unusual for the man. There always seem to be orders, remarks or comments but not tonight. Every time Castiel dares glancing over, he’s met with a face turned away from him, the always straight shoulders now slumping a bit as if they’re succumbing to defeat.
“Fine weather today huh, sir?” they moan, or “how’s married life treating you?” they ask, giggling like teenage girls as they sip on yet another cup of never ending, overpriced office coffee.
There’s a gun shoved in Dean’s face within seconds, a handful of weapons being raised and cocked immediately after. “But” Mr. Winchester repeats without so much as a flinch, trusting his bodyguard and perhaps his own agility to get him out of that meeting alive. “Since I’m such a generous hombre and I truly do want to keep the streets quiet for all of our collective benefits, I’ll let you name your price.” The offer gets accompanied by a steady hand pointing at the empty chair Mr. Ketch was sitting on before the anger had erupted.
the scene is over. Recovery is all about reassurance on how much more beautiful life will be as you stare at a thirty day milestone chip while bullshitting your way through some motivational speech, pretending you’re not still falling apart. Though, end of the line is a chance at getting clean, leaving it all behind. And that’s what matters here: the possibility of terminating the contract.
But Dean was persistent and Cas was tired. All in all, considering how much hurt was still left unsaid, it had ‘only’ taken two hours to get everyone back home, somewhat settled, and safe, though tension not yet fading from laying thick upon them.
If he’d felt humiliated earlier, now was a good time to completely sink through the floor in shame as their driver comes to a halt and parks the Lincoln Continental in front of a type of restaurant so expensive they don’t even put prices on the menus. He doesn’t need to say anything for he’s certain Mr. Winchester knows perfectly well Castiel cannot afford this place on his median income.
The owner of the restaurant personally handles the bills here it seems or maybe he just has a more intimate bond with Mr. Cock sucker. Novak recognizes the man immediately from various blogs, awards and cooking shows on TV but seeing him in person isn’t nearly as enthralling.
Mr. Novak now looks at him: with wonder. Some might call it confidence perhaps. Head held high, features nice and composed, body not slacking but not rigid anymore either. It’s a change Dean appreciates for it seems that scared little boy he snatched from the streets is finally fulfilling the role he’d set out for it.
Not even a full twelve hours ago was he kissing an abuser and- longing for more. What was he thinking? He can live with his own mistakes, no matter how painful those might turn out for him, but there’s something more here, he isn’t the only person affected by this.
“Why did you do that to me, huh?” Mr. Winchester spits. “You made me look bad. Is that what you want? For people to think I’m a bad husband? Is that what you want?!” He yells as he shakes Cas violently, then lets go again without a warning, ignoring the dull thud of bone against wood.
When Dean walks down his marbled staircase with just that slight hint of extra cockiness to his strut, he’s pleased to see Castiel is coming along, too. They’re putting in the finished touches it seems, three pairs of hands busy with neatly combing back black hair, straightening a dark blue tie, and putting some blush on those pale cheeks.
he tells himself. The stuttering gasp that comes out instead will have to do. That way, at least he knows he’s actually breathing through his own fear as necessary because if there’s one thing more dangerous than an angry beast, it’s a scared one.
Cas finally goes to the bathroom, breaks down crying, waits till he’s presentable once more, walks all the way back to Winchester International, breaks down in the glossy elevator again.
“And you must be Gabriel!” he continues without skipping a beat, already shaking hands. “It is so nice to finally meet you, Castiel’s told me a lot about you.”
For the first time since their ‘meeting’ began, the man actually acknowledges Castiel and finally looks at him. With pure arrogance and anger, of course. “Mr. Novak,” a ridiculing grin audible in the words, “don’t you have anything to say on the matter?”
” the Dominic Toretto looking type emphasises for him as if he’s a dumb child incapable of recognizing a threat when being intimidated by one. A glistening gun tucked tightly against the guard’s flank is all the convincing he needs.
The image of Dean’s face makes him chuckle to himself all throughout his scrubbing and private concert. There’s something deeply satisfying in making someone that puts so much effort into keeping up perfect appearances falter and crumble and watching their pretend flawlessness lose all composure along with all self-control.
Too riled up on frustrations brought forth by not being able to sleep, Castiel eventually climbs out of bed, mindlessly shuffling his way to the kitchen where he makes himself a plain cup of tea. Normally, he’d start his morning with coffee but not today, not anymore. He couldn’t. Every mention or even thought about the drink sent shivers all throughout his body and made anxiety grip at his throat in anticipation of being yelled at, scolded and insulted in any way possible regardless of whether he’d actually been late or messed up the order. Dean Winchester didn’t need a reason to bring him to the brink of tears.
Why is he being so gentle tonight? All it does is freak Castiel out more. Castiel who’s now full on crying and gasping for breaths, not able to string together any coherent thoughts whatsoever. He just knows he wants ‘it’ to stop, whatever ‘it’ is.
Those lips finally move up and away from Cas’ throat until they come to steal his breath a split second later in a way that make him go limp as he’s turned around, his back now against the stall’s door where he slides down easily. As he looks up at Dean from where he’s been pushed to his knees, he realizes where this is going. “Dean, I-“
Happiness seems short lived however; on each side of the door is a guard, both of them turning their heads as soon as Cas steps forward, so, no chance of slipping out of there unnoticed he realizes. Though in all honesty, where would he run? What would he even say?
When he wakes up again, he gladly notices he can at least keep his eyes open for longer than a few seconds at a time now, enough to confirm that they are indeed in a hospital. Didn’t he specifically ask Gabriel
“What else you gonna do with it? Please don’t try to pawn it in some scrawny shop. It was my father’s.” No matter how hard Castiel tries to find sadness in those words, he doesn’t find any, nothing but nonchalance and emptiness when spoken about the late John Winchester.
Seeing Gabe make an utter fool of himself while Cas sat at the bar drinking some overpriced liquor was enough entertainment for him anyway. It made him forget about any worries he might be having and seeing how happy his brother was after managing to take home a lady was easily the best reward.
It’s perfectly clear Castiel can barely inhale due to the fear gripping at his chest when Mr. Winchester comes to a stand still only inches away from his slightly trembling shoulders, which is exactly why the millionaire stays there, breathing down his neck.
Even though ‘Wesson Law & Legal’ is a firm of smaller scale, still on the rise amidst their unforgiving and crushing competition, Mr. Novak was well aware he was a nobody, easily replaced despite being one of their best barristers and thus nothing more than an obedient pup who should sit and shut up. At least in the presence of his master, or boss in this case.
“It’s not about the money. Look, he still cares about you, Cas- no, he never stopped. I know you two had a.. falling out, but you were a teenager back then. Don’t you think maybe it’s time you lay down your arms?”
When Cas hurries out of the changing area again –dressed in his own modest suit now- there’s no sign left of their backroom activities continued until mere minutes ago. The CEO and his entire escort have disappeared without a clue, and more importantly: in the absence of a single word on what’s to expect of Novak now.
Until one day that fight unexpectedly turned out to be a matter of life and death and he suddenly found himself screaming like never before. Only, his screams would never be heard.
. So Cas does the only logical thing; he sits down on the floor (read: falls), gets comfortable with his back against the wall and snorts line after line, his brain no longer clear enough to tell him to stop, the drugs tearing him apart one gram at a time.
At least being Mr. Winchester’s “assistant” over the past few weeks has taught him a few things, one he never could have dreamt about coming in handy, but here we are. Castiel quickly learned that Dean checks his gun approximately once every two hours, almost like clockwork.
It’s a pleasant change when bumps in the path are eventually replaced by smoother gravel, followed by a driveway set in stone which in turn leads up to house at the far end of the property, tucked away by yet another set of overgrown greenery as if it was a secret.
Cas is quick to divert the situation though, briefly explaining about his empty house, the shock of having police show up, etcetera. He even smiles at Dean when the latter gently takes his hand in emphasis of the play-pretend.
“The factory,” Dean snaps after another one of Castiel’s attempts at trying to understand why Mr. Winchester seemed so upset. “The factory’s opening is tomorrow. I thought we could celebrate, together, but you went ahead and ruined that. I hope you’re happy.”
He nearly has a heart attack when the doorbell ringing is followed by Teddy absolutely losing it and barking away as if the world is about to end. Couldn’t Mr. Winchester have chosen a damned Dachshund or something?
It’s more of a question rather than it being an answer, but after a few seconds of doubting if it was possible his own memories of the night before were wrong, Cas whispers “I fell.”
As if said nipple-biting idiot could hear his words and insults, the silence between them is finally broken by words that in any other scenario would send shivers down Cas’s spine but right now are leaving him as unaffected as watered down liquor after seven.
“Oh, hush! Just shut the fuck up! Shut up! Listen closely, you little shit, I’m not asking, I’m fucking telling you to put a bullet through that pedophile, end of story. You understand?”
“Calm down, jeez. I get it, you’re a drug addict.” Castiel wants the words to sting, his secret should have stayed hidden and the name calling should hurt, but strangely enough, Mr. Winchester’s words are somewhat comforting. The man believed him, reassured him, and it makes Cas’s hyperventilating settle just the tiniest bit in relief.
He only manages to shift his attention back to the conversation when a British accent replaces the mix of American and Italian dialect. Mr. Winchester looks on edge, almost impatient as he addresses the man. “Then what do you want? I can’t give you the East Side with my factory there. Money? Is that it, cause that I can-“
too thick, it must be, for it’s not making its way into his lungs and Castiel can’t do anything but suffocate as what he’d fought so hard for to disappear is now staring him in the face without a single shred of remorse.
“I saw you get shot! You- there was blood, everywhere.” And now it’s on him, too. “Fuck, you’re bleeding!” but Castiel’s hands get pried away from where they’re trying to assess the damage to Dean’s body. Mr. Winchester opens the jacket himself, revealing the bulletproof vest underneath. “The blood-?” “Fake,” Dean smiles softly, “it was all fake.”
The threat immediately makes him regret his choice of calling for the man. He’d rather starve to death than dive head first into another round of screams with world’s number one most unpredictable and dangerous time bomb. He’s not suicidal.
“Yeah, okay. I get it.” And off he goes to go sit in the back of a car in silence for the next forty-five minutes because Mr. Winchester’s driver isn’t exactly the chatty type and conversations simply don’t flourish. Believe him, Cas has tried.
She smiles and frowns at him as she sticks out her hand. “Yes. The name’s Ellen. Harvelle. It’s a pleasure to meet you, sir. But you can just call me Ellen.”
, he hadn’t thought about this part, home-made plain sandwiches forgotten at the office. Apparently, stammering out an incomprehensible answer does not satisfy the world’s nastiest dick but hey, what’s new? “Jesus Christ, you can’t even talk properly. Is there anything you
What the hell was wrong with him? He should be happy, celebrating, for Castiel finally seemed to back down and roll over. For good this time around. This is what he had wanted all along. Yet, in a moment overcome by emotions so distant to him that they’d almost become estranged, Mr. Winchester feels too exhausted and defeated to even begin reveling in his victory.
It dawns on Castiel soon enough that these are powerful and dangerous men, and each one of them is protected by a personal body guard, guns visible in an unspoken display of threatening foreboding.  “Where’s Mr. Winchester?” he grits out eventually.
“You sure have a filthy mouth” a now naked Dean breathes against Castiel’s wet back while he lets his dominant hands claim every inch of searing hot skin in their path without stopping to see the damage already done. “I’d love to fuck it again.” Tonight however, he takes satisfaction in sliding his rock hard cock between trembling thighs until cum dribbles between them.
A thousand whishes could’ve never been enough to plea for a second chance, neither could a thousand prayers ever wash away his sins because, what he was about to do was an action of the unforgivable kind. Unforgivable not only by himself but by the universe, by whatever man in the sky you do or do not believe in.
By the time he can get his mind to start working again, it’s too late. Mr. Winchester'd already crept into his personal space again with the same predatory deadliness as shown the night before. It’s easy, going in for the kill, when your prey has nowhere to run and nowhere to hide, so Dean just goes for it, closes his claws around the prize and squeezes.
He can’t even see the screen through his tears anymore, doesn’t need to because when those articles first surfaced fifteen years ago, he read them all back to back and stared at the included pictures until he got tired of his own face. This one is nearly identical: it still features the same damn text and so called ‘facts’ but now has a tiny paragraph added to modernize the old scandal.
It was weird, seeing picture after picture of himself standing next to the man on stage. There were even snaps of them as they excited the building that night, blurry and dark but probably enough to satisfy the people wanting to know this exciting couple’s every move. Of course each article couldn’t seem to shut up about how overjoyed they are with the wedding and what an
This time, Mr. Winchester doesn’t question it, he simply pulls Castiel close to him without a fight. “Is she gone?” Upon Cas shaking his head at the question, Dean whispers a soft ‘okay’ and then remains still for a while, just breathing slowly as he lets his chest rest against Cas’.
And that’s all Cas could think about as he averted his eyes from the blood spreading in such a calm manner, flowing without a care in the world. But then again, why wouldn't it? There’s no need for rushing, for hurrying in going down the drain when the deed has already been done.
There’s a long pause, growing more awkward as it stretches on but it seems almost on purpose, the millionaire before them just toying with them, showing them he holds so much authority that he even decides when to speak and when to be quiet.
With nothing else to do besides enjoying his little victory, Castiel heads back home. If Mr. Winchester truly was so desperate to have his ‘servant’ by his side, he should have let Cas into the building that morning and not have his security block the door with two hundred pounds of ego. His loss.
The voice however is not Mr. Winchester’s, rather a woman’s with a distinct accent whisper yelling profanities in Spanish followed by quick footsteps darting around the kitchen in pursuit of something.
“I get it-“ Cas says as he finally slumps down against the bed again. “I get it. You’ve got me where you wanted me all along; pinned down with nowhere to run and nowhere to hide. I can’t get out of your contract? Fine. But then at least give me something to get through it.”
It makes him remember those long days in the second half of rehab; doing well enough to have semi-normal conversations with his brother but not quite enough of sobriety yet to be out of the centre, floating in that weird space always seeming to follow a particularly bad relapse.
Dean says those words as though they were venom on his tongue before taking in a deep breath and continuing. “You see, that’s where you made a mistake. People don’t care about you. Now tell me, Cassie, would people call the cops out of concern for someone they don’t give two fucks about? Hmm?”
“That fucker will pay for what he’s done!” Mr. Winchester screams somewhere at the other side of town. He’s enraged, downright furious despite none of this being a new thing under the sun. He’s seen gang leaders come and go, he’s taken well over a handful of lives, and most of all: he’s been threatened more times than he can count. That doesn’t mean it stings any less though.
Maybe, just maybe he was not mistaken when he saw Dean’s breath hitch. “Glad you asked. I have a proposal.” And just like that, the perfectly composed business man is back without the slightest hint of discomfort previously shown. “I want you to marry me.”
As he grew taller, his temper became shorter, and it wasn’t long before he turned over some stones where he shouldn’t have; the Italians. Naïve as he was, a young Dean didn’t fully realize that the banter between him and Alessandro wouldn't stay just that.
Staring at the damn thing isn’t going to reveal its contents and turning it over for the fifth time won’t magically reveal who sent it either so after a steadying breath, Castiel wipes the fever sweat off his forehead and carefully begins opening it.
“Fuck, yes. But it’s not enough to filter out my father’s bullshit. God, I can’t stand seeing him act so fake just to haul in more deals and snatch another offer. Guy’s like a vulture” he chuckles. “I swear, the minute I turn eighteen I’m getting as far away from all of this as I can.”
“Dad’s been asking about you” Gabriel says suddenly. It completely takes Castiel by surprise. He wasn’t even entirely sure the old man was still alive, but then again, if the great Mr. Novak would come to bite the bullet, Castiel is sure he would have read about it in the news. Nonetheless,
Mr. Winchester scoffs. “Yes, Castiel, I do. But this time, we’re not the hunters, we’re the hunted.”
Like all intricately built structures, humans need a support beam to keep them up, a grounding element necessary for the most basic of survival, but that’s exactly what has been stripped away from Castiel in an act containing nothing more than cruel sadomasochism meant to reduce the victim to indistinguishable particles of pulverized breaths.
Maybe he could finally read that book he’s been keeping next to his bed, or perhaps he could even visit that art museum down on 10
And God forbid, Castiel wants to be taken care of. If only just for tonight. So he swallows thickly as he closes his eyes and gets lost in how good it feels to have warmth surrounding him. He moans, oh he moans so delicately when Dean’s hand becomes a little bit tighter, faster, slicker.
He waits for a few seconds, listening for any further disturbance that never comes. Whoever wanted to contact him apparently didn’t deem it important enough to ring a second time over it, and in that case; neither does Castiel.
“What you did was extremely stupid and dangerous!” Dean yells. “You put your life at risk, Novak, after I specifically asked my staff to take care of you to the best of their abilities. I honestly expected more of you.”
The loud ringtone at three in the morning caught him so by surprise the mug slips from his hands and shatters on the ground between his bare feet, boiling hot water clinging to thin fabric clad over his chest and dripping all the way down his instantly agonizing skin below. “Fuck! Ah, f-fuck that hurts!”
He gets roughly shoved into the meeting room but quickly puts a stop to his verbal battalion the second he realizes they’re not alone. Just a few feet behind Dean is another armed guard, undoubtedly trained (or rather: paid) to protect the man’s every ounce of petite ass.
“Hmm” came the dull opinion after some agonizingly uncomfortable seconds, “Yes, that will do. At least he doesn’t look like a peasant anymore.”
With every new flash in his eyes, Castiel feels more and more like an imposter, giving out ‘thank yous’ after each compliment said to him by complete strangers, knowing their popularity only comes forth from them being a- no,
He can’t even force a single word out after he puts his phone away, too stunned over what just happened. Gabriel on the other hand is right there to do the talking, chiming in with a quick “was that him?”
Where he wants to panic about having to explain any of this, Castiel can’t find it in him to do anything but nod at his brother’s words as he drifts once more.
But Dean shushes him. After the ride home, each in their own car, the two of them had significantly calmed down. Maybe the hug had helped, too. The hug that'd gone on for just a little longer than strictly necessary. After all, Castiel had made it clear the woman was gone so there had been no reason for them to stay intertwined and pretend they’re a happy couple. Yet Dean had kept Cas right there against him as their breaths fell into a rhythm not defined by time.
’d be the ones in that famous conference room, wishing to belong to the intimate circle of Mr. Winchester’s most valued people who get first glimpses at the genius behind the man in close proximity. Up and personal.
The ‘we-totally-just-had-sex’ look. This was the woman Mr. Winchester had shamelessly pounded into, only to make her quiver against him as he tongued her right in front of Castiel.
She nods at him in a way that says she’s right and isn’t putting her judgement up for negotiation. If Paula said he was handsome, Castiel better believe it. Even with his damp hair, watery eyes and cheeks blushing a deep, fever pink.
The rest of the morning creeps by so incredibly slow that Castiel is convinced he’s going to lose his mind. At least the coffee run allowed him to stretch his legs and
“Well how about you start explaining why you were stupid enough to hide such an injury from me in the first place? If you'd have-“
It’s not long before Gabriel is engaged with a new group of admirers, though Castiel doesn’t mind the breathing space and now that he thinks about it, he could really use a drink. Here’s on hoping Mr. Winchester at least thought of some decent array of non-alcoholic beverages.
Not the reporter who decided to leak the audio, not the newspapers trying to drag his name through the dirt, and definitely not some nobody from a law firm he’d never heard of before. The bastard was going to pay for what he’d done. With one outburst this Novak guy had managed to push back the plans for the factory by a whole month and in Dean’s case, time meant money.
They don’t let Castiel through at first. He’s pushed behind a cop instead and all men involved have got their guns up in defense already. All but one. “Woah, woah, woah,” the guy barks, “do you know who I am?”
That’s what it is; a luxury. It’s a luxury to kill and not care, to kill and get away with it. At least for Mr. Winchester because you see, Castiel isn’t in Greece. He never was. He’s locked in some house in downtown New York where Dean’s guards stand plentiful day and night, though further not paying him any attention. All they care about is keeping Cas away from the public to avoid anyone seeing him like this and to prevent him from alerting authorities.
Just thinking about the headaches Mr. Novak had caused him are enough for uneasiness following him around, never ceasing to loosen its grip from what was supposed to be pleasantries and smooth sailing, not even when
Mr. Romano got involved, so did his men, inevitably leading to Mr. Winchester having to step in as well. And back then, when spoken of ‘Mr. Winchester’ one was still referring to John Winchester.
Castiel is boiling with anger. It has him panting through struggling breaths, sweat dripping down his neck, leaving cold tracks in their wake but he doesn’t care. The surfacing weakness in green eyes does nothing to calm him down when they avert themselves for only a short moment of rethinking before snapping back into their respectful place: looking down on him.
“Mr. Winchester is fine!” Benny screams back as he once again ushers them to keep moving. “I’ll explain later but right now we have to leave!” It goes without saying Cas is utterly dumbfounded by what he just heard, the tears in his eyes now suddenly feeling out of place yet at the same time, not enough. He has about a million questions, wants nothing more than to demand answers,  but as predicted, the car ride is silent and awkward with nothing but a roaring engine between them.
Half of him wants to go investigate while the other half of him screams he should mind his own business but before Castiel can beat himself up over the choices, the answer presents itself quite clearly; an out of breath and rather dishevelled looking Mr. Winchester stumbles out of the adjacent room, lipstick still smeared across his neck and even tinting his own lips a bit. Right behind him, an equally tousled woman walks through the open doors while still zipping up her dress pants and smoothing down disturbed fabric.
Midway through the flirting, sexually inappropriate comments and general male bravado, does Mr. Winchester suddenly notice that despite Mr. Wesson being long gone, Mr. Novak is still right there, staring him down with daggers in dark blue eyes.
“Thank you, Mr. Winchester! See you soon.” Once hands have been shaken and expensive cars have departed, the older man makes his way back over to Castiel, blissfully unaware of what’s going on as he very politely asks which type of card the payment shall be made with.
But Cas instantaneously also remembers how hard he’d gotten just watching that scene which, unknowingly to him, had put him directly into the vulnerable position Dean needed to further abase and mock him.
. One agitated sigh later, Castiel accepts defeat, leaving the premise behind but of course not before giving the man twice his size a
He really should’ve paid more attention when nurses explained all the procedures they were doing. Too bad he was otherwise engaged with freaking out over Dean’s bodyguards posted at his door. “They, uh, put some cream on it and silicone. I’m- I’m sorry, I don’t know the names of the products used.”
Cas winks at the boy next to him when he catches the stares, secretly liking how this person looks at him as if he’s the most delicious thing in the world, it makes him feel wanted and
“No,” Castiel says a bit softer, “that’s not what I meant. Just… don’t overdo it, okay? For your own best will. Otherwise I’ll have to start worrying about you worrying too much. Does that make sense?”
“What’s your name?” he asks once he’s done sputtering and has wiped the water from his mouth. “Paula.” Oh, so this is Paula. “It’s nice to meet you and, thank you,” Cas says, pointing at the bottle, “
Not Louise whom he brought flowers and cake to after her husband died, not Patrick and Shaun whom he mowed the lawn for on a regular basis, not even the Dixon family missed their babysitter in need. No one missed him, just as Mr. Winchester had made clear during one of their very first days together.
“I don’t- I’m not sure what you want me to say here. No offense, but up until now, you haven’t exactly cared about my feelings.”
Mr. Winchester, just like any drug, is addictive for all the wrong reasons. It doesn’t matter how taken apart the victim might already be, because for every new push comes a new pull and just like that, their prey becomes more and more dependent on them in some messed up, Stockholm Syndrome kind of twisted love story fabricated solely on abuse.
“Stop!” he screams, slightly muffled by the arms desperately trying to protect his face and avoiding getting bit again. It only quiets down when Mr. Winchester manages to drag the dog away and towards its room by the heavy leather collar decorating trained muscle and agitated skin.
That was -in all sense of the word- cruel. Of course Castiel was afraid. But then again, Dean’s mockery wasn’t as much of a question as it was a statement portraying the obvious, a way to throw metaphorical salt in the very real wounds.
Gabriel tilts his head slightly when he looks up again. They lock eyes and no matter how badly Cas wants to look away from the questioning gaze holding him down, Gabriel seemingly has no intention of doing such.
Castiel suddenly wonders. Now that he thinks about it, she’s always around, even before the crack of dawn and still there when he aimlessly wanders through the endless corridors in the middle of the night.
The gunshot rips through Castiel even though he isn’t the one the bullet gets lodged in. Images of lifeless eyes staring at him as blood sloshes around on the floor immediately make their way back into his mind along with every nasty detail a night of betrayal had brought forth for him and it makes him sink to the floor, shaking and crying.
He used to despise fake people, still does, yet he’s now become one himself. Perhaps not voluntarily but Cas is still made to blend in with the crowd. The neat haircut, the new suit.. Castiel knows none of that was offered because Mr. Winchester wanted to spoil him, no, they were pieces of a puzzle called ‘covering up one of the biggest schemes in history’, much like the make-up put on him was meant to cover up his pale skin and replace it with a cosmetic blush as to not raise suspicion.
It wasn’t a question, he knows that, but rather a light hearted comment for the sake of friendly conversation but he somehow feels the need to explain himself nonetheless, and to prove the point that didn’t need to be proven in the first place, he settles himself on the table without wincing.
“Now, why am I telling you all this, Cassie? You see,” Dean moves again, this time until his body is pressed against Cas’s sweaty back so he can purr the next words directly against cold cheeks,
He cries. Not out of sadness but out of anger. It had been what? Three, four months already? All this time, it’s been a constant cat and mouse game with Dean’s power being the feline and Castiel’s emotions being the scared rodent, so he feels like he should have known better.
He smacks Castiel right across the face in one smooth outburst, hand lowered immediately afterwards. It wasn’t meant to hurt, not really, or the damage would have been greater than a slightly stinging cheek and some reddened skin. This wasn’t meant to punish.
Castiel’s heart is erratic as he waits for an answer and it’s not the fever. His brother obviously complete ignores him.
So he lays in bed and thinks harder than he’s ever had to do in his life because if he’s doing this, if he’s right about this, he’s got exactly one shot at it but miss.. and the consequences will most likely be deadly. It’ll come down to having to outsmart the one person who, for the past months, has been able to outsmart him in just about every single way.
If he wasn’t blacking out, Castiel might actually be impressed. “Ngh, fuck!” Mr. Winchester groans as he yanks Castiel off his dick and lets the convulsing body drop to the floor, only caring about his pleasure, jerking his hand quickly before eventually coming with a final push of his hips. Dean is even so kind as to rub the still warm cum all over the face it got aimed at; through the wounds, over the panting lips, even up into the sore and used mouth. “Fucking slut.”
He has to take a minute to actually process what Gabriel had been throwing at his head just a few seconds ago before carefully constructing answers that will sound composed enough to not give himself away. Easier said than done when you don’t even
“You should be glad I don’t kill you here and now! Do you even know who I am?” he screams. “I don’t care!” Castiel yells back just as loud as he tries to scramble off the bed. “Well, then I guess it’s my job to make sure you never forget my name again.”
But before Mr. Winchester can even brew up another snarky remark, Castiel’s stomach decides it’s all been too overwhelming and caves as it spills its meagre contents of nothing but bile and water over the expensive Italian marble, unforgivingly so.
But when he swipes across the screen and presses his ear to it, eyes still closed in half-slumber, he’s met with a sharp exhale of breath that almost sounds like an amused huff, followed by a “rise and shine, pumpkin!”
Looking down and pulling up the plain white t-shirt someone must have dressed him in, he can take a look at the damage at last. His chest is neatly bandaged with what appears to be wound dressing underneath. All in all, Castiel hopes his decision of not immediately seeking medical attention and exposing the burns to less than ideal situations for over twenty-four hours didn’t cause too much or irreversible damage. Thinking about possible scarring is something he pushes aside as quickly as it bubbles up into his already unsettled mind.
Cas might be a well-educated man who possesses plenty of knowledge on legal matters but on medical expertise he does not. So after finally figuring out how to screw the main line loose from the I.V. in his hand, Cas is left scrambling when the now open circuit starts dripping meds all over the floor and bed before he even has a chance of finding how to stop it all.
But who cares, right? Who cares about this false sense of impending doom when it has been creeping up onto the very person carrying its early beginnings? Mr. Winchester suspected shooting Ketch would come with sufficient consequences, expected it even, yet there’s something more in the water, something that tastes of blood and reeks of war, and it is already seeping into his Armani shoes.
Mr. Ketch flicks his raging eyes up at the influential men around him with a short, irritated huff as if to say ‘
The view from up there is quite breath taking. But what draws him in after staring at the displayed diplomas for way too long, are the double doors on both the left and right flank of the office. They lead to connected rooms, that much he knows, but he doesn’t know
And Cas loses it at those words, orgasming in a haze of feelings he’d thought long forgotten. Not even the weight settling on his hips when Mr. Winchester straddles him causes a panic because somehow, Castiel knows tonight is about letting off steam in the form of release, not violence, so he watches, relaxed, as Dean jerks off and comes all over his chest and abdomen with only one name on those lips: “
“Oh, come on, Cassie! I’ve seen articles about you and your lover boy at least three times in the past week alone. Looks like you and Mister Christian Grey are having the times of your lives.”
, there he is, the one and only. It’s funny how out of place Mr. Winchester looks in a downtown restaurant like this one which serves food he probably wouldn’t even give his dog. Dean almost looks like a purebred Weimaraner roaming the streets: it doesn’t belong there.
Right as footsteps start echoing down the hallway, there’s a firm hand squeezing Castiel’s arm and Paula pulls him closer urgently. Her breath is quick against his cheek, fingers now digging into his muscles, a clear tremble in her voice as she whispers;
Dean Winchester was more than able to ensure Castiel Novak would never find a decent job again, more than powerful enough to make Castiel go bankrupt and drowning in debt till the end of his days, and especially: more than loved enough to get out of this with barely a scratch while Castiel lay bleeding out in the street.
Besides, he feels very fucking close to passing out. It’s not rocket science that Mr. Winchester pulled him out of the hospital wat too soon but Castiel still hasn’t figured out what exactly drove the man to do so, let alone why he showed up in the first place. Whatever game that man was playing, Castiel was losing.
His cries are enough to have a guard rush into the room, hand on her holster. “Sir?” she asks, alert, “everything alright?” Castiel is too dumbfounded to see a female in such a position of power within the Winchester household that he completely forgets to answer her question. Only when the dog pushes up against him to get his attention again and beg for food, does Castiel let out a surprised yelp, followed by him desperately trying to chase it away.
“Shut up” the kid says right before sealing it with a clumsy but hot kiss while wrapping his hand around Cas’s dick, not letting go until cum is running down between their legs. They continue making out, still panting into each other’s mouth as Cas lets his hands roam.
His heart hammers in his chest. Body nearly convulsing with how it trembles. He fidgets, pokes the cold food, avoid Gabriel’s eyes, opens his mouth again,
The man’s voice was naturally deep but holy hell, when he got angry or impatient it dropped impossibly lower, shutting Castiel up and even slightly intimidating him as that thunderous growl mixed in with the already authoritative tone just snarls at his vulnerable throat.
Dean wasn’t finished, though, he instead shoves Castiel against the car and shakes him violently while once again asking about the truth after putting a firm reminder in place that he still calls the shots and not Cas.
No explanation, only being lead into the house accompanied by two men in uniforms, Mr. Winchester’s private security left on the curb. Castiel hasn’t been home in so long it almost feels like walking into a stranger’s living room when they enter, like meeting up with an old flame.
It had been another one of those late nights, with Mr. Winchester still tapping away behind his computer long after all employees except security had returned home to their families. There was a reason for it, too.
When Castiel takes a look at the bottle being pushed into his hands, he’s surprised that wasn’t a lie. The letters are small, as if they’re meant to be hiding their true contents because God forbid you’d drink beer without any actual alcohol. In the end, they still hold meaning. They mean something to
“No!,” Cas gasps as he sits up from where he’d been resting his head on Dean’s bare chest, “I promise!”
“Hmm.” Dean nearly growls, leaning forward on his desk as he takes a long, hard look at Castiel, only talking again when the latter visibly falters under the pressure. “And here I was, thinking I’m paying you with my kindness and generosity, even after you caused me a great deal of hurt. Am I wrong, Mr. Novak?”
The dangerous terrain currently surrounding them doesn’t leave Castiel much choice other than to be quiet and listen because one wrong word could give him away and ruin something that doesn’t just provide the grave but the actual bullet.
The driver doesn’t question Castiel’s request, doesn’t question anything in fact, he simply does as he’s asked and patiently waits in the car while Cas goes about his business.
“Cross me and you might.” The chuckle and airiness behind those words don’t fool Castiel, he knows there’s a truth hidden in there that’s not to be taken lightly. “My brother,” he finally manages to answer, “I probably have to call my brother.”
He’s just completely taken aback by how sweet this woman is being with him. It’s quite unsettling unfortunately though. How was he to trust anyone working for Mr. Winchester? Would that man really go as far to get such a kind lady committing crimes? Or was Paula kept in the dark about what went on behind closed doors?
“Mr. Novak, please!” the bodyguard finally barks angrily, probably not wanting to listen to this temper tantrum for another second and he succeeds in making Cas shut up for a few seconds. “Mr. Winchester will be on his way. He was notified as soon as you woke up.”
Before Cas can throw another nasty look across the room -anxiety about the consequences no longer present- does Doctor Beaumont guide him towards one of the studies, for more privacy perhaps but, it’s only the three of them in the mansion and don’t think Dean is leaving Cas out of his sight, no matter what room the doctor takes him to.
“Get him ready” was all Dean had said before two men and a woman got to work. They took Cas to one of the six upstairs bedrooms, the one with an en suite bathroom and what looked like an adjacent spa area. These people however, were kind to him. If they were cringing at the split ends in his hair, or the dehydrated skin that could use some loving, they certainly weren’t showing it, much less commenting on it
He hears chuckling behind him. Great, another person making fun of him, though the mean comments never come. She simply walks over to the fridge and rummages through it before approaching them and actually winking at Cas. “He just wants something, too. Here, look.”
Gabriel throws in a fake shocked face after hearing his brother’s confusion, acting as if him rambling on about fame and fortune actually makes sense. “Your fiancé, duh! His entire squad is here but I have yet to see him. Will he forever be a mystery? I don’t want the first time meeting him to be at your wedding and-“
Intense eyes soften at that, their ferocity ebbing the tiniest bit. “Darling, I’m not concerned about what you are or what you call yourself. You cost me a lot of money tonight. You could be a horse for all I care, I’d still fuck you with the millions I gave away for that pussy of yours so, I won’t ask again; come here and suck my cock.”
, but we can’t go back now, can we? At least not yet. Every time someone asked me about how you’d been, it made me angry and it took me a while to see it but, it made me angry because you weren’t there with me.
But Mr. Winchester’s voice is cold when he speaks up again. “The guard I sent with you to the hospital called me to say you were talking to one of the nurses, you seemed hesitant. What did you tell her, Cassie?” Shit, he didn’t tell her anything! He wanted to, yearned to just scream for help but he knew he couldn’t. “Nothing, nothing, I swear! I only asked for different painkillers because the ones- the ones she gave me, they- they- fuck!”
of it all, has him reacting in ways he can’t control. He hates it, already feels shameful and defeated tears burn behind his eyelids. However, no matter how strongly he internally fights for it, he can’t find it in him to protest the fingers raking up his body. He doesn’t dare to object but worst of all: he almost doesn’t want to.
Of course Gabriel doesn’t let down. He goes straight back to it, ignoring Cas’s explanation completely.
“You know what?!” but Cas stops himself the second he receives that signature death stare, making the wise decision of shutting his mouth and getting through another day of receiving crap, ‘cause that’s what he’s supposed to do.
Reading words such as ‘addict’ and ‘drug abuse’ bring back a flood of memories he thought he’d stacked away somewhere deep, deep down with every intention of never having to remember them. Struggling with addiction was one thing but constantly having to hear how people apparently thought the worst thing about it was the impact on his father’s company brought along a feeling of shame and hurt so intense it instantly made his chest collapse being reminded of it.
Lobster, Caviar, truffles, gold plated hipster bullshit, you name it. And of course, all of it is washed down with wine that even
His notoriously bad temper with violent tendencies is nothing new either, Mick should have know a fistfight would follow for Dean isn’t one to back out of one so easily. Luckily for the both of them, due to the circumstances of the previously attended event, neither were carrying guns or that sprawl could have ended very differently.
, the one who tore his family apart and the one who cost his father thousands in plummeting shares. Newspapers just couldn’t get enough off it when the news came out. Some saw it as an opportunity for a sob story to get them more views, others just dug their claws straight into Castiel or his family without remorse.
“Oh, I almost forgot.” Before any further questions can be asked, Dean pulls out a shiny ring, holding it out towards Mr. Novak without an explanation. “We’re married now, remember?” Not in a thousand years did he expect the CEO of Asshole International to actually make that part of the deal go beyond what was drawn up in the contract but here he was, holding a ring that once again probably costs more than Cas's house, even if it looks second-hand.
He’d never felt as objectified before as under Mr. Winchester’s gaze when stepping out of that dressing room. Those eyes were on him like a predator’s, gauging every unsteady exhale and volatile twitch, deciding whether or not this loot was worth any of his further time.
Castiel doesn’t recognize any of the men gathered in what looks like an empty storage room. They don’t appear to be any of Mr. Winchester’s staff which, unfortunately, is
he wants to think, if it wasn’t for the fact a man just got murdered right next to him and if he wasn’t still too out of it to even stand on his legs or see his surroundings without gushes of dizziness crashing down.
Castiel’s heart is frantically beating away as he pushes the door of his room open but he’s strangely relieved to see it leads into a regular hospital hallway opposed to some dungeon or another hidden lair like he was half expecting after last night’s secrecy with gang involvement.
You know what? Maybe getting eaten alive by Teddy isn’t the worst option here. “A little help? Please?”
” Lukas had said on the phone roughly a week after the facts. That was when Dean finally decided to take a little trip west to deal with the situation himself because his own bodyguards apparently weren’t capable of doing so themselves.
When screams tear through broken minds in the night, the world around remains quiet and serene, dormant in its guard with only the safety of a promise lulling anchored bodies within their defenceless hibernation, no tangible weapons protecting frail skin under the moonlight.
Yet, what he had anticipated doesn’t seem to be happening. Dean is simply pouring himself a drink, rather casually in fact, and turns around just a moment later.
Dean steps away then, turning so he’s standing closer to Castiel but can still keep his eyes on both victims as he resumes. “My, my, Mr. Novak. Very bad indeed. Can you imagine what would have happened if my men and I hadn’t stumbled upon that situation? Would this pervert have fucked that innocent, sweet child?”
He even takes Castiel’s now empty plate without a comment, only speaking again as he sinks down on the couch in the same spot he was before. “Feeling better?”
Shit, Mr. Winchester is pissed. No, downright furious. The yelling makes Castiel flick his eyes up rapidly to gage if Gabriel can hear it coming through the phone. It doesn’t appear so.
Or, squirm his way out of actually following up on his prescription and staying more alert because of it but risking getting even sicker than he already is right now and jeopardizing the chances of getting on top of this any time soon.
In all honesty, he couldn’t care less, couldn’t even care if he tried because the mix of alcohol and drugs is really starting to take a toll on his general functioning and he’s pretty sure the way he’s barely still standing is not because of his skinny, teenage body figuring itself out.
“Yes?” he asks slightly hesitant the second he realizes this definitely is not some church boy. “Castiel Novak? Mr. Winchester requests your presence at his office.” It’s clear by the way this bear of a guy is staring him down that this isn’t a polite question open to be answered only after weighing out all the options. There’s only one right answer here yet he hesitates.
“Better. Go get me my coffee. Black, no sugar.” After his command, Mr. Winchester takes his usual place in the spacious office, sinking down in the comfortable chair and turning on his computer, ready to start the long day ahead, but when he looks up, Castiel is still standing there, unmoving.
He can’t even finish before the man in question has him wrapped up in a hug so tight it’s on the verge of hurting him. “I thought you were-“ “I know,” Dean whispers, pulling him impossibly closer, “everything’s okay now.” Them wearing the most expensive suits out of an already priceless collection doesn’t seem to be an obstacle here as Dean lets Castiel cry on his shoulder for however long is needed. In truth, the suits, or one of them at least, had been ruined already. Not by tears, but by bullets.
“I don’t- I don’t know what to say, Gabe. Other than ‘I’m sorry’ but that doesn’t mean shit, does it? I don’t want you to worry about me. I’m clean, I-”
“The truth. Well- the truth, minus some details. I told him you struggled with drugs before and are going through a rough patch. I mean, I’m not wrong, am I?”
With the insane rollercoaster that had been the past twelve hours, Castiel completely forgot about that, though, it’s a rather pleasant reminder he’ll at least get actual medical care after being snatched from the safety of his hospital room all too quickly.
But those moments of blind panic during which Cas was forced to believe Mr. Winchester had not made it out of that fight alive were a damn good wake-up call. While, yes, that man is the one who dragged Castiel into this dangerous little niche in the first place, Mr. Winchester is also the only one truly able to keep him safe during their stay at Criminal Central.
If he wouldn’t need a fond to cover for his extracurricular activities, Dean would have given up on this life a long time ago. The increasing difficulties of keeping private and business separated not really helping.
“No, no, no. Look at me.” Dean says as he notices Cas’ eyes drifting off beyond the crowd standing outside. They’re hard to see but the commotion still draws attention, resulting in their intentions becoming quite clear. There’s a handful of protesters right across the street being kept away by police as they yell profanities about homosexuality being a sin.
The whole thing had destroyed his family. Even now, as he stares at a picture where his father is in the frame as well, he can still see the shame on the old man’s face and it hurts just as much today as it did back then when the news of his admission to rehab was front-page worthy.
Castiel doesn’t know what hurts more: being traded off like some piece of property or just how little time Mr. Winchester needed to agree to do so. Before he can even process what just happened, the two men are shaking hands and he’s being dragged away by the Brit, his screams completely ignored.
Castiel stares at the plate a full ten seconds before realizing the man that had him kill someone in cold blood, actually made him a sandwich and delivered it to his front door step, so to speak. “Thank you?”
“Please remove your top, sir” he asks without looking up. But Castiel hesitates at that, unsure of whether him not feeling comfortable getting undressed has any influence at all on the choices he might or might not be granted with.
Mr. Winchester had never even mentioned a younger brother, and somehow left out the whole part where Paula is said brother’s mother in law. She’s family yet he sometimes treats her worse than he does his own staff. Castiel feels ashamed all of a sudden.
As much as the words cut through the already tense air and make his gut feel even heavier than before, they’re also a whirlwind of confusing concern stemming from a man who previously appeared incapable of such.
Not having any knowledge in Spanish doesn’t stop him from guessing the dog just got commanded to go to whoever it was that was calling out to him. Naturally, Teddy doesn’t listen for shit and it strangely enough kind of makes Castiel happy to know he isn’t the only one that doesn’t see eye to eye with him, that is of course
“Dogo Argentino,” Mr. Winchester says proudly, as if that alone was an explanation, “ninety-five pounds of pure muscles.”  Honestly, Castiel doesn’t care. He just knows that one: he’s terrified of the thing and two: he doesn’t ever want to be alone with it in a room.
Fuck, is he happy to hear that voice. Simply knowing the man is there to take him back nearly makes him start sobbing with pure joy and relief but as soon as determined arms pick him up, Castiel can do nothing but scream and cry out when his body gets manhandled, heated chest pressed against another.
“Of course I’ve heard. You obviously know who I am, it’s only fair I do my homework, too. Besides, ain’t no new biscuit taking over the Brits without me taking notice” he counters, then followed by an invitation to take this outside, away from any possible eavesdropping.
He wants out, wants to get away from there as quickly as possible. Luckily for him, the way Mr. Winchester is still standing up and showing no intention of having a seat at their table makes it clear for everyone that he’s there to take Castiel home with him.
The entire company had been tiptoeing ever since the announcement came that they were given the once in a lifetime opportunity to advise and represent the one and only Mr. Winchester on his complex legal journey towards yet another future business plan.
And just like that, Castiel has to watch how the person he cherishes most in this world is making friendly chatter and laughing with the very man who only one night ago was assaulting him in the shower.
He stopped trying to understand Dean a long time ago because frankly, there was no use in pondering over what evoked a certain reaction or why exactly Dean acted the way he did, that Castiel knew by now.
“That means ‘go’, Mr. Novak.” Cas makes it all the way up to his knees, ready to get his legs under him, before Dean kicks him straight in the ribs. “I said go, you filthy whore! You’re fucking useless.”
So why exactly was Dean Winchester turning out to be an apparent undefeatable opponent? How come it’s possible years of addiction seemed more manageable to conquer than the past two weeks and fifty to come? The answer wasn’t a simple one, but therefor not less true.
Food is about the last thing on his mind right now, to be honest. In the post-apocalyptic chaos currently waging in his body, culinary excellence unfortunately is not the lifeline he’s holding out for. No matter how much those dishes are making his mouth water; they’re just too far from reality.
Actually, no. People in a place like this are the kind of owners who have designer pooches who in turn wear Versace clothes and walk their paws around town in Gucci shoes. So, yeah, he was worse off than these millionaire’s Goldendoodles and Yorkipoos.
So when Castiel saw the defeat in Mr. Winchester’s eyes, followed by a few small nods, he should have felt happy, relieved. But when the man had gotten up and walked out of the room without another word, Castiel felt utterly and truly lost as he watched the man who'd entranced him all this time go without looking back.
Leading a double life doesn’t come without struggles, Dean knows. It’s important to keep business and pleasure separated at all times, though right now, he isn’t sure which is which anymore with his factory tying into territorial pissing contests and Castiel currently living in his mansion.
“How come you never told me about him? I know you explained you had to keep it under wraps but I’m your brother for crying out loud! I mean, hell, you even told me when you lost your virginity or when you sucked your first dick, but this? Why didn’t you tell me?”
Cas stays quiet after that, he knows he’s constantly walking on thin ice and that the moment he manages to mess up whatever fucked up agreement they’ve got going, the CEO will not hesitate to terminate it, throw him out to the wolves. And Castiel will already be reeking of blood in that case.
“Yeah.” Dean nods once, then looks to have decided. He walks forward, closing the distance between them until he can straighten up Cas’ t-shirt before looking up into his eyes, then back down, right at his lips. The innuendo alone confirms something; it hadn’t been a dream.
Something's wrong. Castiel knows it as soon as he hears the shouting coming from downstairs, followed by slamming doors and more heated exchanges between a number of men whom he cannot distinguish just yet. Even Paula, who’s sitting next to him on the bed, the first aid kid still between them, seems instantly alarmed as she moves away from Cas.
It wasn’t necessarily a lie, though it was a huge understatement. Castiel wasn’t just ‘sick’, he had been in a miserable state when he left that hospital without looking back but right now his condition was downright questionable.
meeting Mr. Bloodthirsty Junior, but what choice did he have? He hadn’t been allowed to leave the CEO’s side at all during the past two weeks since this started and it was slowly beginning to take a toll on him both physically and mentally. It became exhausting, constantly having to watch what he said, how he acted, even how he stood or blinked in every attempt to minimalize retribution.
Castiel suspected that was for the mere effect of making it all the more degrading because he was pretty sure a married man was still a free man, not forced to be at another man’s service 24/7 by means of a carefully made contract, not even for a rich and powerful player.
“What in the hell were you thinking, Novak?! No, you just shut up and listen! This was my one chance, my one chance, at getting my company out there and you blew it! You should count yourself lucky Mr. Winchester isn’t dragging your ass to court!”
But the most important realization was also the one sending cold shivers up Castiel’s spine. One had already nearly taken his life, the other had threatened to on a handful of occasions. Conclusion? It didn’t matter if he was thinking about Mr. Winchester or about drugs, both were equally deadly and that left one question: would it be hard and merciless, one overdose of lethal lust? Or would it be slow and sweet like sex on a Saturday morning, lulled into temptation by nothing more than wet kisses promising paradise?
That’s a first. Unless something comes up, Cas goes home when Dean does, that’s the rule, but honestly? He can’t be bothered to ask ‘why’, it’s already past ten p.m. and the thought of having some alone time at the mansion did sound inviting, even if ‘alone time’ meant having security a heartbeat away at any given moment. “Alright. Thank you.”
But instead he’s greeted by someone who hates him more than his father did, something Castiel didn’t even think was possible, not until he met Mr. Winchester.
It got so bad one night Castiel snuck out of his room, quiet like a kid on Christmas morning and with just as much jitteriness, if not more, all to find himself in that same study where they had been tangled in each other’s arms with their lips wetly pressed together.
Of course, Dean recovered quickly, stating that the man in question was simply indisposed at the moment while leaving out the whole ‘I’m keeping my fake husband-to-be on house arrest’ and instead teasing the crowd with the possibilities of Cas being present at the exclusive party happening the following week. It seemed to please them. At least enough to refrain from asking about fiances and a non-existing romance, but the damage had been done: Mr. Winchester’s attention shifted so drastically he wasn’t able to truly focus on anything for the remainder of the night.
in the weeks that followed. Castiel got a few more days off from work, at Mr. Winchester’s house that is, no longer in New York and therefore: no longer in hiding. There had never been a greater urgency to sober up than there had been following their dispute. Yet, this time around, Castiel hadn’t even touched any drugs. This was a different kind of intoxicated.
“He wanted you to get better!” Gabriel snaps back at him, suddenly glad they decided to meet up somewhere quiet and not in a full restaurant like last time. “We
“Where’s that handsome fiance of yours?” someone had asked out of the blue, quite frankly taking Dean by surprise with the twist of interest. This was the opening of one of the most discussed factories for crying out loud, why in the hell would anyone care about Castiel?
The minute Anna spots him coming down the intricately carved stairs, she smiles at him and immediately starts working on the drink, already knowing Castiel is on his way to order for Mr. Winchester, same as every morning.
Could he have been wrong all along? Maybe Mr. Winchester wasn’t the monster Cas had believed him to be. There’s a whirlwind of conflict waging through his brain all of a sudden, though it unfortunately keeps itself right out of his grasp, too foggy to make sense.
God, the British accent alone is doing a spectacular job at making an already pissed off Dean nearly forget about the hundreds of reporters still surrounding them and starting a gang war right then and there. Though, he kind of already had, hasn’t he?
She shrugs and partially dismisses his comment as she goes right back to folding the clean laundry. “He’s just, how you say? Estúpido.”
Castiel is absolutely taken aback by how quickly this man can go from riled up to that classic act of ‘public appearance and human relations are key’. Even Dean’s face has gone all soft as he talks to the woman along with his voice, now speaking calmly and reassuringly.
This isn’t even being sick anymore. This is dying, and that’s not an exaggeration. His body is failing, literally quitting on him, Cas knows that but the one thing more frightening than becoming aware of the fact you’re on the brink of death, is knowing and not being able to do anything about it.
As he downs his own coffee quickly, certain Dean would not approve of him slacking on the job, he can’t stop thinking about his near slip up. Why would he even consider bringing food along with the beverage? Castiel eventually convinces himself the thought came forth from self-preservation, a way for him to please the guy in order to gain some advantage in this biased affair.
No amount of slaps against his rapidly draining cheeks is going to lull him out of this. He’s feeling too cold anyway, limbs frozen in place. Perhaps the blazing heat gripping around his neck earlier wasn’t so bad after all? It at least was a hell of a lot better than the chills mixed in with tremors currently demanding all of the scarce breaths still left in him.
… “I can’t afford this.” Castiel tries once again, however painful it may be to admit when standing amidst such luxury occupied by none other than the elite themselves. “Consider it an engagement gift.” Mr. Winchester sighs, unimpressed.
Dean can’t stop grinning as he slowly sips from his glass. He’d pulled out the expensive bottle of Scotch he’d been saving for a special occasion but this was a time for celebration, right? Just one week his life had slipped past his control, making him thoroughly agitated and furious about it. No one held a grip over Dean Winchester except Dean Winchester himself.
The lecture about a certain contract doesn’t come, neither do the threats on his life nor the probing fingers or itching fists. Instead, Mr. Winchester remains entirely quiet for a full minute while doing nothing but trying to control his breaths, Cas notices.
Going up against Mr. Winchester was a battle he couldn’t win but when Paula breathed some new air into his lungs by telling him the man’s one weakness, Castiel had felt that vaguely familiar surge of energy pushing into his veins hit by hit, and for the first time in months; he felt indestructible.
His overdose had proven nearly fatal so after two full weeks in the hospital, he was sent straight to the center he’d been to before much to his own disgust. Feeling his father’s disappointment ooze out of the old man was one thing but having to face staff members who, last time, sent him off with their typical ‘stay clean!’ bullshit was utterly haunting, and on top of that: not really encouraging.
Dean turns to face him this time and stays silent for a moment, as if unsure of what to say, the looks shared only speaking loudly enough through split seconds of comfort. “How are you feeling?”
Living with the dog had been hard. Having Mr. Winchester make fun of his fear for large canines? Even harder. Every time Teddy as much as paddled into a room with his overly big paws, the scar on Castiel’s cheek tingled uncomfortably, reminding him of what can happen if he’s not careful.
Castiel is awakened by what he swears could be a lingering kiss on his lips but when he opens his eyes, he’s on the couch, alone. There’s no sight of Mr. Winchester in the room, there isn’t even a trace that he’d been in there last night at all.
He suddenly didn’t only want to wash away the tremble in his hands that had been building up for weeks now, but also the taste somehow still lingering on his tongue. Violent, burning liquor sounding a whole lot better than lust and possession not yet forgotten.
It takes everything out of him to stand up to this man but he’s not a toy, he refuses to just be passed around and perform sexual acts against his will, no matter how close he is to passing out from sheer fear. He watches the reaction closely, feeling the slightest bit of relief when he spots something close to amusement rather than the uncontained violence he was expecting.
There’s another deep breath echoing through strings pulled too tightly, one wrong move and the pressure might make them snap, Castiel along with them.
, he was just another nobody trying to get by on a daily basis but now, after the public announcement, his face was in every newspaper and on every online blog that cared enough about the romantic life of a certain millionaire.
“You-“ Castiel begins, destination unknown, but his journey gets cut short when a rush of light-headedness takes him by surprise. The newcomer remains calm and collected, though there’s a hint of caution and perhaps even worry when Mr. Lafitte asks how Cas is doing.
“Okay,” she nods, “I was just worried.” Her answer sounds as if she’s not entirely convinced, probably wanting to know more about why exactly there was an entire ruckus out in the street. Pray to God she didn’t see the guns. But the lady does seem to know her place; turning away slightly and seconds from going back home, until she sees Castiel’s face clearly.
Another way of vaguely counting the hours that have gone by since being shoved out of a car, dragged over the ground like a child’s old blanket and receiving a relatively mild beating before getting his hands tied behind his back, is paging how numb his behind has gotten from not having the freedom of moving even an inch.
A big commotion interrupts them in the middle of whatever the fuck was going on. It gave Castiel a moment to breathe. He was relieved for a blissful few seconds until a third officer comes barging into the room which instantly makes the others stand up and wonder what was wrong.
Castiel is absolutely exhausted the following morning. Their so called engagement party had continued well into the night and it had taken everything out of him to fill hour after hour with forced smiles and good behaviour. His thighs were bruised, blue and purple seeping down once unstained skin from where Mr. Winchester had dug his nails into them all night. For every made up story Dean produced for the guests at their table, there was a quiet warning to keep smiling, taking its form through hurtful tweaks and grasps hidden under marble tops.
So as Castiel pushes the sweat soaked sheets away from his aching muscles to face yet another unpredictable day, he equally puts aside what images had been haunting him the hours before because men like Mr. Winchester take what they can get and if the breakfast buffet is composed of vulnerability still hot from where it had been brooding, who knows how much closer that would bring one’s time of death?
“I’m getting married.” The man instantly falls into a fast tracking pace of excited chatter when hearing the announcement and Castiel would let him were it not for an increasingly impatient-looking
It takes another few seconds of daggers being shot back and forth but the British man eventually sits back down, never taking his eyes off of Mr. Winchester when he growls out his response. “Alpha Seven, on the Banks.” Castiel has no idea what that ensues but there seems to be a moment of consideration. However, the response is clear and stiff. “No” Mr. Winchester decides and just like that, tension skyrockets again. This time, the two men stare each other down as if they’re daring the other to waver under the pressure of silent threats. Dean doesn’t budge.
Despite getting clean, Castiel enrolled into Law school and went to live on his own. He graduated, started working some jobs, ended up at Wesson Law & Legal, and the rest is history.
Castiel is well aware the pornographic display is nothing more than a provocation, the ultimate show of dominance with no purpose other than to make him squirm. And it’s working. He has to swallow hard when Dean finally removes his lips from the woman’s, both men breaking eye contact for the first time since that whole scene started but where he is left breathless, Mr. Winchester seems completely unabashed by it all as he casually wipes the red stains from his skin and guides the lady out of his office.
Then again, it was clear this wasn’t your average household, nor was Dr. Beaumont an average practitioner, rather a privately owned doctor paid thousands to pamper everyone of the Winchester family beyond what was strictly necessary and Castiel had to admit; he could be worse off.
‘Frustrating’ didn’t even begin to cover it. Just when he thought he finally got some insight into Dean Winchester’s life, into what makes the man tick, it only lead him into more confusion than where he’d started and it began to have a noticeable impact on him.
“For the coming four days, I will pay you a visit daily to attend to your wounds and follow up on your condition to ensure optimal healing. After that, I will come by once every other day until it can be concluded further care is no longer needed.”
No matter how airy and innocently that was said, it still struck a nerve for Dean. Not that he needed much these past days, but still. He’s about ready to rip the guy’s head off in an act damning that stupid smile to where the sun doesn’t shine, when the thirty-something continues in that same amiable tone and says: “though, your husband does have a great life and good husband to return to.”
This takes Castiel completely by surprise. Not in a single scenario he’d formulated in his head, not even in the over the top and possibly far-fetched ones, did he imagine Mr. Winchester asking
“Mr. Winchester?” Without a single word, nothing but a dirty regard, the CEO motions towards a different but equally empty meeting room and waits for Castiel to step inside before doing so himself. After another few deep breaths, Cas finally manages to speak up again. “I’d like to hear your proposal.”
Even Teddy starts barking from his room, undoubtedly riled up and perhaps concerned by hearing his owner going at it. Castiel just becomes increasingly convinced that were they not in some mansion far away from the next house over, a weary neighbour definitely would’ve called the cops on them and all of this would be over.
The hurt expression illuminated by dim lights is almost enough for him to apologize to the poor dude. Kid’s cute, Cas will give him that, but no way was he going to openly kiss men now, he was enough of a disappointment to his father as it was. “Fuck, sorry, Cassius, I- I uh-“
It hurt. Not just the stretch of his lips as they were breached by the hardening dick, but also the stitches pulling at already torn skin, undoubtedly making a new wave of blood trickle down the very mouth sucking down the thrusts to the best of its abilities.
He feels awfully relaxed when he gets out of the shower twenty minutes later and to his surprise, not a single phone call nor text had popped up on his screen so far. Maybe showing Mr. Winchester that not everyone was willing to suck his toes actually worked? Did he just succeed in making the man back down a bit?
“Are you enjoying yourself?” Mr. Winchester asks right as he pushes Cas against the wall. He doesn’t wait for any answer, probably didn’t really want one either, as his lips already hungrily close around Castiel’s throat where they kiss and suck with an unparalleled possession. “All these people, they keep telling me,” another kiss, “how good you look, sugar. How good we look
It’s kind of hard to focus when Teddy is still right there, moving between him and its owner, so Castiel misses the window for an answer and is left trembling and alone when Dean finally moves away from him, the dog doing so as well.
Through his boss’s desperate string of apologies and pleas, Cas now doesn’t even hold back to roll his eyes at Dean’s theatrical drama unfolding in the conference room, all that’s missing are the forced tears he’s just waiting on to fall. Exit, pursued by a dick.
“I can’t- I can’t afford this.” He’d already whispered multiple times as the tailor measured every inch of his frigid body, not paying attention to him in any way. All of it feels so unnecessary and out of place. The way gloved fingers trail along three piece Fioravanti suits, how Jean Patou’s ‘Joy’ hangs in the air pleasantly, even the pencils are designer and it makes Castiel feel like his own skin isn’t worth enough to be touching anything in the private room of this haute couture house.
Castiel notices, he can see her eyes shift over his body but she’s turned around and averted her gaze again in a split second, now rummaging through the large bag she brought with her. “I’m sorry to ask, but I’d like to select the best products for your, sir. How long ago did that injury occur?”
He then quickly adds that Castiel will be back soon, three weeks and counting of being absent from the company was becoming suspicious, even if you’re the CEO’s partner in both corporation and marriage.
Yeah, that’s right, though Dean nearly fumes at his enlightenment. A good life is what it should have been. A new plaything, an easy target fit to fill his need for control, a literal punchbag that comes with oh so delicious sound effects when beaten.
This clearly makes the man uncomfortable. Torn between meeting his client’s wishes and his own professional choices. “I insist.” he eventually settles, “I’m doctor Beaumont. I’ve been under the Winchester’s employment for three decades now and I will be at your service as I have been at Sir John’s and Sir Dean’s.”
There’s no denying it, even if you had no clue as to who this CEO was, the over the top expensive clothes combined with an attitude that is both equally despised and admired, you can’t help but be awe-inspired.
It goes quiet after that for a while, nothing but his sobbing and wrecked breaths to be heard. “Please!” he chokes out ineffectively, not sure what he’s begging for in the first place. Dean is probably getting off on it anyway, but he just can’t seem to stop, still desperate to believe he can plead for forgiveness, hope for it to go away.
The attention deprived, gossip hungry snobs eat it right up. From the moment Castiel is guided towards the stage up until the point where Dean politely closes the event for the night, the cameras never stop clicking, wishes keep flooding in and comments on how good and
“Have a seat” he says, voice stern. Skipping right past the formalities then. “So, Mr. Wesson, your employee here caused quite the uproar with his unacceptable behaviour.” Smug, little shit. “Y-yes, yes, I do apologize profusely, Mr. Winchester. I hope you can find it in your good heart to forgive this act of unprofessionalism by Mr. Novak.”
“Sorry to keep you waiting” a woman in a tight skirt hastily announces, “Mr. Winchester will be with you shortly.” Soon enough, the man makes his entrance, confident as ever and dressed in a suit that probably costs more than Cas’s entire yearly income.
Crossing that line however, had never happened to him before. His toy lay broken in front  him, possibly beyond repair, 'so what now?' he wonders. And the weird things is, Dean actually feels
“Poor, little Cassius, addicted to smack and crack. Probably not something you wanted to be reminded off, if you’d managed to forget at all. But you know what they say: once an addict, always an addict.”
He’s only vaguely aware of the fight he tries to put up after that. In his mind it’s all ferocious and equal but in reality he has no strength left despite of him putting everything he can into the pushes and shoves aimed at the three bodyguards who easily outmatch him. Eventually it’s one of the two guards Castiel hadn’t seen before who loses his patience first and yanks Cas back into the room towards the bed, tight grip on the white t-shirt not being released.
He thinks about the fingerprints on skin running cold under icy stares. They will remain there, whether or not the bruises fade as days go by but they will simultaneously remind him why he’s contemplating what he’s about to do. He thinks about Gabriel’s suspicions and Donna’s concerns, how they’d come close to uncovering a truth best left untold. Too close.
There’s a sharp intake of breath on the other side, silencing the thunder between them but Cas doesn’t dare speak. He can only image what must have gone through Gabriel’s head in the past twenty four hours and it isn’t pretty. He hurt Gabriel and despite anticipating what’s to come, the words still hit Castiel. Hard.
A deafening round of applause marking the end of a pretentious display just puts the cherry on top. But before he gets a chance to turn away and leave it all behind, Mr. Wesson is right there behind him, a firm hand on his back guiding him in the exact direction he had hoped to avoid all night.
One being Mr. Winchester’s men posted outside of the room. Castiel was still desperately trying to find out what in the hell this man was playing at. Didn’t they kind of, sort of, end their arrangement? Or at least agreed to some time apart? It hadn’t even been two full days, yet Dean had managed to creep back into his life, just like that.
“What happened?” Cas finally manages to ask after a few minutes of silence. “I mean, they must have been regular kids once, right?”
The way Castiel is being backed up against the wall, his opponent’s teeth already bared, comes much closer to glowing eyes dangerously lingering from the shadows, cast on the wounded animal within their trajectory and not letting go. All that’s left to do, is go in for the kill.
All in all it takes a good fifteen minutes before Gabriel finally backs down a bit. He’d turned into a mother hen as soon as he opened the door and dragged Cas over to the couch, and honestly, it was quite endearing but even mamas smother their kids sometimes. He was living proof of that.
It doesn't matter how foggy his brain might be after roughly three weeks filled with manipulation and defeat, Castiel knows he didn’t deserve what happened from the moment he had gotten that damned phone call up until this waking moment which is raining down a kind of unpleasantry leaving him feeling wrong and dirty. But that’s not the only thing clinging to his skin.
