The sight from the thirteenth floor sent chills down Dean’s spine. “I don’t like this.” He looked down again — the hotel lobby was barely a tiny square in the distance. Dean gulped down the lump of nervousness and grabbed the wooden railing. “I don’t like this at all.”
“Hello, my name is Castiel,” he said after a while, willing his fins to stop shaking. “Are you alright?”
I have to say I loved writing this chapter but it was so difficult to do it because it’s so heavy with emotions it was hard to find the right mindset to write it. But at the same time it has some of my favorite Destiel interactions so far. We’re getting there, you guys, this is one hell of a slow burn, but we’re getting closer.
Jo gave a low whistle in reply, not taking her eyes from the pile of sandwiches she was carefully preparing. “Yeah,” she let out the quiet confession, “I’ve been there myself. It’s a pain in the ass.”
Dean’s back buckled off the bed as Castiel massaged the bundle of nerves inside, stroking his prostate with each passing movement. “Right the fuck there, Cas,” Dean encouraged.
Castiel smiled softly, something in his expression saying he could see right through Dean. “I could use the company… alright,” he conceded after a moment.
From then on, Castiel passed most of his afternoons at the library with Sam, clearly at ease surrounded by books and Sammy’s always too eager questions.
Sometimes the images of a playground flashed in the back of his mind. In the twilight moments where Castiel wasn’t quite asleep but not fully awake yet, he saw a boy in the park, his piercing green eyes distrustful but so accepting as well. But try as he might, he could never fully grasp the image of the boy, all color and shape lost, or the significance of the dream once the haze of his sleep passed.
Their cocks were hard and sensitive to the touch as they grazed against each other and with a few simple thrusts Dean was already on the verge of coming.
A few months had passed before Lydia’s belly made it impossible to ignore the reality that she wouldn’t be able to keep up with their nomad life for much longer. That’s when Bobby had the idea of finding a safe place for them to settle down. Dean wasn’t sure how he felt about it; moving from place to place had been all he had ever known since he was four years old. Living too long in the same area not only seemed dangerous, but it also sounded so close to what life used to be before the Croats that his mind couldn’t even fathom them living like that anymore.
Dean turned his hand under Cas’, entwining their fingers together with an encouraging nod. “You’re you though, no matter what. Mer, human, I don’t care, it doesn’t matter anymore. It’s you.”
“There are more important things to take.” She looked behind with a sadness in her eyes and a half-convincing shrug.
Dean smiled sadly. “Cas…” he whispered. “Now that you have all your powers, you can stop this and kill Lucifer. You can save everyone! I believe in you; we all do.”
Dean gulped, suddenly aware that this had been Cas’ first time, and even though Dean had enough experience for the two of them, he felt unsure somehow. What if this had been a disappointment for Cas? What if this had been lacking compared to what Cas had imagined? As the years went on, Dean had become more detached when it came to his one-night stands. They were quick and casual, leaving no room for what-ifs. Then when he was with Lisa, he had been too wrapped up in himself to commit to the relationship fully. But with Cas, somehow, everything was new and cherished. And after a year of mostly celibacy, he felt like a first-timer all over again.
if you want to read my future fics, I'm gonna start posting my next fic (Destiel with merman!Castiel and human!Dean) in a couple of weeks, I'm so excited to show you guys this next project, I can't wait. So don't forget to subscribe or follow me on
Dean looked down, distractedly flattening a cardboard box against the asphalt with his foot. “Listen. You stick your necks out for me more than I can count. And I hate to ask you to do it again, but I need to do this. I… I owe the guy.”
Dean contemplated the undisturbed image in front of him for a few drawn-out beats before mustering the courage to reach out, fingertips hovering over the man’s hand and lingering there, too afraid to break the peace, like a ripple in the water. “If only you could give me a sign. Just one.” Dean didn’t know why it mattered so much. How could someone he barely knew have such a hold on the balance of his mood? They had barely exchanged two words. So what? The guy had saved his life. Dean had saved his. The debt was paid.
Castiel nodded, not trusting his voice to make a sound. Dean nipped down to Castiel’s neck, teeth grazing tender skin, tilting Castiel’s head to have better access. Castiel cursed under his breath when Dean sealed his lips to the base of his neck and sucked hard, hands running up and down Castiel’s torso. “Tell me,” he rasped, “I need to hear it.”
Dean released a long, deep breath. He covered his face with his hands and groaned in misery. “I’m a monster.” His voice came out muffled behind his fingers.
“Dean!” Dean captured Cas’ protest in his camera. “Please, stop,” he insisted despite the smile tracing his lips. Dean took another shot, his favorite so far, with a genuine smile meeting him through the lens. “No more!” Cas reached with a hand, obstructing half the shot with it, but Dean still smiled at the ending product, half fingers, half pissed off, sex-haired Castiel, still softened up by his recent orgasm. Dean loved it all. “I only accept you taking another photo of me on one condition.”
He dismissed everyone at first, not even flirting back when someone approached him, but the glances thrown by everyone around him — like he already had one friggin’ foot in the grave — made him force his flirty-self back into action. Anything that would get them off his back.
After that, Dean had never tried again, not the short-lived, sloppy one-night stands or the lasting, stable relationships. There were always other things to think about, other urgent matters to keep his mind busy, and whenever it got really tough, his hands worked just fine to find release. Deep down inside, Dean knew he wasn’t cut out for relationships. His years before the Keeper, living as a Croat hunter didn’t allow him that, and then, when that wasn’t an excuse anymore, Dean’s own self-loathing didn’t allow him to ever really let anyone in.
The seat loudly creaked as Dean slumped back, crossing his feet on the top of the truck’s dashboard with a sigh — he missed the worn-out leather of his Impala.
Suddenly his line of sight was obstructed, and he was met with the back of Bobby’s leather coat as the old man came by the window and closed the drapes.
“You were on bedside duty?” Dean quirked an eyebrow in amusement, his heart giving a warm beat in his chest.
Cas groaned into the crook of Dean’s neck, the sound rumbling along Dean’s spine in a warm shiver. “Not sure yet.”
“Later we’ll go to the supermarket. We need to get you some fresh fish,” he said instead, opting for the change of topic.
Dean didn’t know how much time had passed, but when the quiet splash of Cas’ footsteps filled the room, he opened his eyes and was met by a very wet and also very fucking naked Castiel. His towel over his neck. “What the hell, man!” Dean covered his eyes and hastily ducked his head. He buried his face between his legs, hoping that was enough to hide the warm blush furiously staining his cheeks. “The towel isn’t just to go around and look pretty.”
“Well,” Mary smiled, adjusting Sammy’s blanket. “I hope that doesn’t mean you’re too old to play with your brother.”
In Castiel’s clan, merpeople mated for life. And when they found a possible partner, long, inky black lines, luminescent in nature, appeared on the mer’s back, indicating the heart had been taken. Depending on the state of the bond, the marks would remain and turn iridescent or eventually fade away until a new possible mate was found.
Cas looked like a kid in a candy store — mouth half hanging open, eyes wide and avid to absorb every little detail surrounding them. “This looks like…” he paused, struggling to find the right word.
Castiel found him in the corridor on his way to the front yard, where things were shaping up prettily for the bonfire to come in three days. The sunset poured through the high windows, basking Benny’s black Breton and loose outfit. He had his back to Castiel and was facing someone Castiel couldn’t distinguish at first, but judging by his body language — open stance, back straight as an arrow, and legs wide apart — the conversation wasn’t exactly amiable.
“Hmm, hmm,” Dean hummed, absently watching Cas move across the aisles, touching and studying each different crop.
That feeling quickly faded away, though, when already tucked under the covers, Cas would open his big, blue eyes, the most genuine smile on his face as he murmured, “I love you,” before falling back asleep.
Kevin scribbled something down and reached for the mug next to him, his face disappearing behind the bottom of the cup and the white steam as he gulped down the last of his coffee. “Gordon was here,” he finally looked at Dean, “again.”
“I was thinking we needed food!” Gordon heaved, massaging the side of his neck when Sam and Bobby finally succeeded in pulling Dean away. “And the kid knew exactly what he was getting himself into.” Dean’s body stiffened at the remark. “And because of that, now we have food,” Gordon continued, “so the way I see it, Jeff died a fucking hero. Which is all that any of us can hope for…”
“For starters, because any of us could kick the bucket tomorrow,” Ellen crossed her arms over the table. “Some of us already did,” she added almost as an afterthought. “And the others are getting old,” she said, looking at Bobby.
“Thanks.” Dean flattened his shirt and ran a hand through his hair, smoothing down the vestiges of what they had just done.
Sighing, Dean buried both hands in his pockets. He didn’t want it to come down to this, but he would kick Gordon’s ass if he had to. Dean had no interest in affirming himself as the leader, nor did he want the position like Gordon was so eager to claim for himself. But the reality was, like it or not, people had come to look up to him for advice or to make the hard decisions necessary for the greater good of the community. And Dean had accepted that, not because he liked it, but because he felt responsible for everyone living here. After all, Bobby, Sammy, and himself had founded and built this place. And even though the new guy was nothing but a stranger to Dean, he somehow felt responsible for him too. Not only that, he wanted, needed, to know more about him. How in the fucking world was he able to stop Dean’s outburst. Would he be able to tell Dean what the hell was wrong with him? Could he fix him? Besides that, was he immune and possibly the key to stop the virus?
Sweat beaded their skin, aiding the swift glide of Cas’ thrusts. Dean met each unrestrained movement, his arms wrapped around Cas’ neck, hands twirling the hairs at the nape, gasping for air as he whined for
Victor moved to help Cole up, but Gordon stood stubbornly still, eyes narrowing in anger. “I want a group meeting.” He held up a finger. “Tonight!”
“In the past…” Dean averted his gaze from Sammy’s, focusing on the book in his hands instead, the sight of the black leather cover leaving a bad taste in the back of his mouth. “Reading that damn thing again?” he said, swallowing back the bile rising in his throat at the memory of what that book had almost cost them.
“I like your smell,” he said in a matter-of-fact voice. “You smell like home,” he blurted. Immediately a flicker of regret made him lower his eyes to the table, a clear giveaway that Cas had spoken more than he wanted. “I mean… you smell like the ocean.”
racist bullshit that came to mind and go about his day. Nowadays, though, the image of ocean blue eyes and dark bed-head filled his thoughts and made him want to not be a total douche. Even without Dean realizing it, Cas had made him understand that there were good and bad in both humans and merpeople.
“Alright, I know we’re all pretty shaken up by yesterday’s… events,” Bobby started their weekly assembly. “But this has to be done.”
“Uh-huh.” She ambled away, continuing her walk a few steps ahead of Castiel. “I mean, we’re in the same boat after all.”
“I don’t,” came the swift reply, a wave of sorrow filling the words despite Cas’ attempt to shrug it off with a smile. Dean watched the way his lips quickly gave up on holding a smile. His shoulders sagged against the pillows, jaw tightening as he seemingly tried to hide the wave of raw, vulnerable emotions painting his eyes darker. And Dean could almost hear the words
Hey! I hope you had a great week, can't believe it's September already and we're on chapter 6 already. I hope you like this one!
The sky was clearer than the previous weeks which had clung to the winter’s harshness. He glanced at Castiel but he was watching the pitch-dark expanse instead. The stars flickered beautifully overhead, with most of the clouds gone and not too many street lamps to overshadow their intensity.
Sometimes in the early spring, Dean caught him outside in the rain. Castiel felt most connected to the earth in moments like those, with the smell of fresh grass and the soft pitter-patter of the water drops meeting the surface. Dean joined him sometimes, only to run full sprint when it started to thunder. Laughing once inside as they changed their clothes and dried themselves before one of them made hot cocoa, and the other got a blanket and picked out a movie. Cuddling on the couch, warm mugs between fingers, blowing the steam from the dark drink as the movie started and the rain kept pitapatting on the roof.
Dean could do nothing but shake his head no. He pulled away and climbed onto the truck. Claire had curled into a bawl around herself, eyes staring into nothing, not even acknowledging their presence.
They were transferring Blue-eyes to the infirmary this morning. After four days in the emergency ward, Missouri had given him the official stamp of infection-free approval and the permission to move him to the infirmary.
They stopped on the next empty street; Dean bent over, hands gripping his knees tight as he tried to catch his breath. The alley was empty and silent save for the lone chirping of a bird overhead. Dean straightened up and watched it give another self-satisfied cheep before flying to the other end of the street, disappearing around the corner.
“C’mon, have you seen yourself?” Cas looked down at himself; he was wearing one of his oversize sweaters Dean had learned to adore. “You’re damn easy on the eyes, couldn’t let that asshole ruin it.” Dean winked, sending him the best grin he could without straining his sore muscles too much.
The loud bang downstairs cracked Mary’s smile. She slowly got up, nodding to John when he emerged by the door, bringing a finger to his lips in a silent hush, with an expression that matched his white-knuckled grip around the baseball bat.
He had finished taking a leak and was washing his hands when he heard a loud thud coming from outside.
Dean couldn’t see much from up in the watchtower, the spotlight on top of the strangers’ car parked at the entrance of the fort signaling their presence was strong enough to blind Dean in the near darkness. The strangers had killed Jefferson and Victor, who were on their way to change shifts at the north lookout post, and had dropped their dead bodies unceremoniously by the fort’s entrance in a clear demonstration of their intentions.
“Hey,” Dean reached out, fingers sliding over Cas’ knee long enough to bring his gaze back to Dean’s. “It’s totally fine if you can’t figure it out. Truth is, we’ve been trying for years and didn’t have any luck either. So… no pressure, okay? My brother keeps insisting this crap is the answer to everything, but if you ask me, our problems can’t be solved by a magic potion laying somewhere in a book.”
“Do you want a repetition of last time?” Cole asked, voice filled with disdain as his eyes quickly met Sam’s before returning to Dean.
Some of you were worried Dean would get hurt during his trip. But I got our baby back safe and sound, no more angst for now. :)
Cas’ thrusts came to a sudden halt, sending Dean into a spiral, his cock heavy and pulsing, jerking in protest from the jarring change. “Can we—”
Ever since Sam was old enough to read, his primary purpose had been finding a cure for the Croatoan virus. The fact that their parents had died the way they did had only fueled his determination. He had never blamed Dean, justifying their death with the robbers that had attacked them that night.
His steps were quick along the hard floor, urgency filling the otherwise silent hallway as Dean’s small hand reached for the doorknob at his eye level, turning it and pushing the door open to be met by his mother’s back. Her long, blonde hair fell in waves along her shoulders, peacefully swaying as she whispered soothing words against Sammy’s furrowed brow.
Castiel remained motionless, face tilted to the sky, watching the disaster in front of him. They had a plan indeed. They had opted to surrender themselves as soon as they reached the fairgrounds. That would buy them time to find Dean before the worst could happen. Their next move was for Castiel to get to Dean while the others distracted Lucifer and his minions, and once all his friends had fled, hopefully unscathed, Castiel would fight off Lucifer, alone.
He made a quick stop at the classroom to unload a couple of boxes and supplies they had brought from Agora. His brother worked quickly and meticulously, and everything was in place in no time, including the puppy, who was looking up at Dean from an open cardboard box with a pink bow around her neck. “What about her?” he pointed at the box.
Dean reached his bedroom without talking to anyone else, grateful that no one had followed him inside. There was a coarse pressure drilling behind his eyes. All the hairs in his body stirred, the overwhelming wave of cold nausea making him rush to the bathroom. He closed his eyes tight, clutching his stomach as guilt and grief tightened their constraints around his chest; their vines so taut it made it impossible to breathe. He coughed as the wave of nausea hit him, his muscles heaving as he opened the lid of the toilet just in time to spew the contents of his stomach.
When they finally pulled back to catch their breaths, their foreheads found each other, eyes slipped shut and a matching smile on both of their faces.
Two more Croats snuck up from behind him, their presence momentaneously hidden by the crops at his back. “Fuck!” He secured his gun in the back of his pants and punched the two, grabbing his axe from the holster and digging it into a Croat at his right.
Cas’ nostrils flared, clearly scenting Dean until understanding dawned on his face and his expression changed, his squint disappearing, his head inclining back to a straight angle as he went back to an emotionless exterior. “You don’t owe me anything.”
It kept going, like water running incessantly from a leaky faucet or through a cracked ceiling. But instead of water, wispy tendrils of a blue as vivid as when the ocean matches the clear sky and catches the sun just right fell down and expanded, inundating Dean’s world in blues. The waterfall of blue swirled and pooled around him, seeping into every crack and crevice, extending through the darkness, bathing Dean’s world with light once again.
Castiel shook his head, eyes set on the men that were getting ready to take a shower. “I’d just prefer it if we don’t cross paths at the moment. I can fight them off if need be, but I’m still not at full capacity of my abilities, so I fear I would not be able to protect you.”
They headed to the ticket line, Sam insisted on paying for everything even though Dean had demanded to pay for his and Cas’ tickets. The line wasn’t long and shortly after they were heading to the main building. Its wide and dark blue architecture loomed over them and was painted with all kinds of colorful fish, framed by vibrant red blocks and a life-sized blue whale figure at the top.
“Still workin’ on that part of the plan,” Bobby said, patting Dean’s head on the way downstairs. “Let’s go.”
There were several gasps, and Dean saw Charlie covering her mouth with her hand, Bobby slowly removing the cap from his head, pressing it to his chest, in an almost reverent gesture. They all seemed unsure of how to react until the glow of Castiel’s grace subsided and his wings were out of sight once again.
A muscle in Castiel’s jaw twisted, he sat up straighter, his body becoming stiff beneath the oversized sweater as he settled his mug down, the change so subtle, Dean wouldn’t be able to tell, if not for the fact that he was drinking in everything the other man did. “That’s,” Dean stuttered, realizing he had messed up. “That’s not what I meant.”
The first few days of avoiding Dean were easy, clinging to the thought of defending his secret and his kin and the fact that Dean needed time to make sense of what he had witnessed back in the forest. He repeated the weak excuses in his head until the ache in his chest didn’t seem as difficult to bear.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice emerged through his thoughts. “W—what—” Dean was looking at him. He had regained consciousness while Castiel got the rest of his grace back. The explosion that had followed probably had been enough to snap Dean out of his trance.
She lowered her head, putting the hood of her white and black shirt over her head as she passed by Dean to sit at the table behind him. Setting the mug of tea she’d brought in with her down on the table.
With a contented sigh Dean took in the bedroom for the first time. The floor was covered in a gray carpet, and the walls were a soft, teal blue that glimmered with a yellow shade from the dim glow of the lamp overhead. On the opposite wall from the bed was a rustic, dark, wooden TV stand with an old fashioned TV on top and beside that was the door to the exterior. On Dean’s left was a full length window that led to a small balcony, and to his right was the door to the bathroom with a small closet beside it.
The once brightly colored rides were bleached and faded by time and weather, peeling paint and discolored posters flapped lazily in the breeze. A pang of dread filled Dean as he followed the trio along his hometown fair’s midway, which in the past would have been filled with carefree, happy people, but was now packed with Croats. His fight or flight instinct immediately kicking in, he lowered himself, waiting for the imminent attack, gripping his axe with one hand and grabbing the gun with the other. “Easy, tiger,” a man croaked. “They’re dormant. Waiting for our master’s orders. They won’t move until he says so.”
Sam rolled his eyes as he finished his notes. “I think I’m being reasonable here. As soon as he gets back his clothes, it’s only logical he returns the ones he borrowed, right? It’s a simple method.” He placed his pencil down at Dean’s raised eyebrows. “An effective one,” he added.
Dean usually hated festivities. His least favorite being Christmastime. When life reaches the point when it starts taking more away from you than giving, the Christmas season can not only be a painful reminder of what was lost but also a time of crippling sadness for a future that will never be.
Here we go!! I hope you’re as excited about this chapter as I am. Our two idiots still have a lot to fix before the happily ever after, but hopefully this chapter is the start of that journey.
Dean watched her leave, hands in her pockets as she stopped to tenderly kiss the top of Claire’s head. The young blonde smiled timidly, the small spread of lips completely disappearing when she saw Dean.
“Hey!” Dean stepped closer, placing his hand on her shoulder. “Stop beating yourself up; this is not on you.” He squeezed her shoulder to make her look up at him, hoping the small smile he managed through his own nervousness was enough to reassure her.
if you wanna keep being updated on this story and any future fics of mine. Also, come say hi to me on
“No need.” Dean scratched the scruff on his jaw. “This is probably a waste of time anyway.” With a low sigh, Dean turned on his heel and raced after them.
“Goodnight, Cas.” He hastened out of the room before Cas had a chance to say anything that would make him stay.
Castiel gave him a tender roll of eyes and drizzled lube over the head of his dick, coating the whole length with it before leaning down, kissing Dean fully, tongue sliding inside, meeting his in a slow dance as he pushed his hips against Dean’s and entered him. Dean cried out when the head of his cock pushed past the tight rim, moving at a slow pace as they kept kissing. Cas’ face cradled in Dean’s hands, fingers carding the soft curls of Cas’ hair, brushing against his stubble, feeling his eyelashes curl against his skin as they both moan with the sensation of being connected again.
The corner of Dean’s mouth was quirking with pride by the time Cas was moaning around the first mouthful. Seeing Cas loving his food so much was the perfect remedy for how crappy Dean felt for what had happened earlier.
Dean breathed out enraged before crashing his lips onto Castiel’s, claiming Castiel’s mouth in a searing kiss that sent blood rushing between Castiel’s legs. Dean moaned, taking Castiel’s bottom lip in between his teeth possessively. Castiel kissed him back just as deeply and demanding, full of pent-up sexual energy and a desperate craving.
He was trying, but as he picked himself up piece by piece, letting go was the hardest of fights. So he wrote the letter he had failed to write Cas back when Dean had run away to face Lucifer.
Dean reached for the cup of water on his bedside table and emptied it with long gulps, trying to calm his labored breathing. His clothes clung uncomfortably to his body, his skin covered in a cold sweat. He looked at the clock: 7 a.m. Even though he had the day off he was eager to get up and leave behind all the images burned to the inside of his eyelids.
“I rested enough,” he argued, eyes scanning around the room when no one replied. “Listen, I can do this, okay? Just give me a small team, and I can get you more supplies. The last place we looted isn’t done for yet. Now that I know my way around the place, getting in and out shouldn’t take us long.”
“Are you sure you don’t wanna say sayonara to this storm and go back to my place instead? It’s cozy, I promise.” She stepped closer. “And I don’t bite… much.”
The ‘Heavenly Café’ was one of Dean’s favorite places in town. Not just because Charlie ran it with the help of her wife, Gilda, but also because the atmosphere inside always left Dean restful and relaxed.
Dean wasn’t sure why it mattered so much. The man had saved his life, and in Dean’s book, he was due to a huge fucking thank you. But deep down, he knew there was more to that; if he was a guy that believed in the touchy-feely crap of love at first sight, this alarmingly resembled that. They’d barely exchanged two friggin’ words to each other, though, and even if the man was drop-dead gorgeous, Dean couldn’t fathom how he’d become smitten so fucking fast.
He hadn’t wanted to believe it when Cas said it, but Dean had anticipated that Cas would refuse to let the group go with him to face Lucifer. In his rush to make sure Cas was going to be safe, he didn’t even get the chance to say a proper goodbye, only having enough time to leave that letter to his brother. He had wanted to write one for Cas as well, but when he attempted to, the tears blurring his vision made it impossible to do.
The guy snarled, and Dean could see more movement coming from all points of the room as more snarls joined in.
Dean glowered at his sandwich, meticulously cut in two. He grabbed one of the halves and took a bite. “I know,” he conceded.
“I don’t remember coming untouched since I was a horny teenager.” Dean snorted. “Take from that what you will.” Dean rearranged himself to fit on the pillow with Cas, but immediately hated how sticky his stomach felt.
Mary looked down at John’s body, nodding slowly, mostly to herself, before yanking Dean’s necklace from his neck in one swift motion. Her tears burned hot against his forehead, “You can let go now,” she whispered to his skin.
Dean looked around, terrified, trying to free himself from his disadvantaged position on the ground.
The bonfire usually started at lunchtime and would continue until just after dusk so that the lights and the large fire wouldn’t become a beacon in the darkness and attract unwanted attention to them.
Dean cursed under his breath as Cas’ tears damped his skin. He kissed the crown of Cas’ hair and pulled him closer; the need to give Cas shelter, to make sure he was safe and sound bursting at the seams and causing a hollow in the pit of his stomach.
Unable to stop himself, Dean lowered himself and brushed away an errant strand of hair from Cas’ forehead. A small frown dug between the merman’s eyebrows before a pair of ocean blue eyes were fluttering up at him. Dean froze, breath stuck in his throat, fingertips just a feather-light touch against Cas’ skin as he idly played with another piece of Cas’ hair before pulling away. “Hey!” He smiled down at Cas.
“Hold it! Just…” Dean released a frustrated breath. “Hold up a sec!” He gave a quick look at Charlie before pressing his lips together in a decisive line. He barged into Castiel’s bedroom, pulling Castiel along with him before closing the door behind them. Dean placed the trench coat and Castiel’s feather on the bedside table before turning to Castiel. “Just like in the movies, huh?” he said, voice so frail, Castiel almost heard it breaking.
“You know, the big bad villain's monologue is so freaking overused, so why don't you shut the fuck up and die already?”
With time he had hired three more people — Rufus, Bela, and a new girl Dean had instantly adored called Eileen.
Dean nodded weakly a few times, not daring to speak as Cas tightened his hold a few seconds too long. Dean wasn’t sure if he wanted to run away from the sudden intimacy of it all or bask in that touch forever.
He dove under and spiraled along the current, tail taking on a sky blue shade that matched his eyes as the fragile scales molded together and glimmered gently under the lightning cracking in the skies above. When he couldn’t hold his breath anymore, he gasped in, body aching for oxygen as he gulped down the water rushing in to fill his lungs and force his gills to pull apart and open up, allowing him to breathe in water instead.
When Castiel came back down, his ears were ringing; his vision still blurred as Dean lapped clean his already softening cock, licking and slurping until it became too sensitive, and Castiel pulled back with a whine. He fell to his knees, slumping his weight against Dean. Dean kissed his forehead while slowly tucking them in before wrapping his arms around him, tenderly holding him in his embrace.
Dean watched the two pure ebony wings attached to Castiel’s shoulder blades before instinctually reaching out, stopping just short of touching. “Can I— Cas, can I touch your wings?”
“W—what?” Dean stuttered in disbelief, something close to hurt clenching around his stomach and scratching the back of his throat on its way out. “Of course not!” He stepped forward. “Listen, man, you were pretty much out of it when I found you, so it’s not exactly like I could have your consent for anything, but I couldn’t leave you there to die,” he earnestly replied, feeling the muscles along his neck strain.
Dean froze. “What?” He immediately pulled away. “Did I do something wrong?” He looked over his shoulder.
The squabble paused, and Dean could hear Sam shuffling around before a dulled beep followed. He could imagine Sam leaning on the counter waiting for the coffee to brew. “Are you still with him?”
A sea turtle skimmed to his right and he grabbed his Nikon D850 to take a photo, careful to capture all the fins, wide and spread as if flying against the endless blue. After making sure he was happy with the shots he took, Dean put down the camera, securing it to the accessory clip. He took another glance at the turtle and continued his descent.
Once again, thank you everyone so much for your feedback!! And we just hit 100 kudos yay The fact that you picked up this fic in the first place and continue reading it each week makes me truly happy. I love sharing this with all of you!
Dean nodded silently, gazing at Cas’ profile as he studied the piano, a small scrunch lining his nose, tongue peeking between his lips as he fixed the inside of the piano with a scowl and pulled one of the strings lightly. “You must be tired,” Dean murmured without knowing why. “We should settle you in. The bedrooms are this way.”
Castiel hauled them both through the relentless tide. Thunder roared its discontent above them as he kept striding forward.
“Most of these Sam found himself,” Dean announced, half proud, half relieved, watching the edges of Cas’ smile playing at the corner of his eyes.
Castiel’s movements kept their fast and hard pace as he tightened his grip, sliding their quivering bodies together in sensual movements. He muffled his low whimper against Dean’s skin, hot puffs of air leaving open-mouthed lips and filling Dean’s ear with filthy sounds.
Dean clutched Cas’ shoulders tighter, trying to anchor himself to something while his heart seemed hell-bent on bursting right out of his chest. He wrapped one hand around the base of his cock to keep himself from coming just yet; he wanted… needed to drag out this moment. This perfect moment with Cas inside him and all around him, filling him so full of everything.
He only stopped when the rest of the group gathered around him, and four of them grabbed hold of him, yanking him away from Cole. He didn’t know who was around him. Through the edges of his rage, Castiel couldn’t see anything until his eyes focused on Dean again — his collapsed body, his chest moving in shallow breaths, his fingers closing on air until Castiel was by his side again to hold his hand.
“I’m grateful for your hospitality,” Blue-eyes spoke after the men were out of sight. “But now, if you’ll excuse me, I would like to leave.” He turned, legs faltering beneath him as he took three frail steps to his bed, hand clenching into a fist around the hilt of the machete and turning white from the small action. He sat down, placing his weapon beside him and lifting his shirt to inspect the wound.
With another thrust he brushed Dean’s cock with his own thigh, pulling a deep, broken moan out of Dean. Plump lips latched onto Dean’s pulse point, sucking and biting a possessive bruise high up on his neck, marking Dean as Castiel’s where everyone could see, much to Dean’s satisfaction.
The human kept drowning, sinking under as the current pushed him further away from both the boat and Castiel.
Dean leaned against the door for a few moments, a numbing sense of loss shattering his heart into a million tiny shards. He closed his eyes and forced his tears back; his throat so tight that merely swallowing burned like acid. His legs faltered as he started walking, unsure he would make it to the stairs until he was on his way down, step after step, forcing himself not to turn back. To not knock on Cas’ door and kiss him until whatever Dean had broken was whole and mended again, and Cas was smiling sweetly up at him once more.
“I wanted you to dream of something that would make you happy. Giving you heaven seemed like the appropriate choice.”
“I think…” Dean mumbled, eyeing Cas. “I think we should leave.” He pulled at Sam’s sleeve. “You hear me, Sammy?”
Somewhere in between, Cas’ hand found Dean’s again, lacing their fingers together and tugging at his heart with an emotion that crept up on Dean softly.
“Hello, my name is Castiel,” came the deep, gravelly voice. “Are you alright?” A new bolt of lightning broke off somewhere between the clouds, casting new shadows across Castiel’s face, and bringing out his eyes, making them shine with such intensity, they could easily blend in with every shade of the clearest sky.
When they got home, Dean was exhausted. As much as he tried not to show it, seeing Cas so broken had left a gash in his chest, like a splinter he couldn’t remove. His only relief had been taking care of Cas. Comforting Cas, even with such small actions, had lifted some of the weight off his shoulders.
After an hour — an eternity for Castiel — Missouri opened the door, a curt nod meeting the small group gathered there to give them the news. It was a clean wound just below the shoulder.
They locked in a tight embrace, lips parting, tongues moving deeper, a gentle hum in the back of his throat as Dean felt a rush of heat low in his gut.
Cas had a new tinge of pink to his cheeks, his eyes a few shades darker as he pointedly looked anywhere but Dean. Dean’s arousal was probably easily scented miles away by now and Dean almost felt sorry for the guy.
“Hail, hail,” she sang, bobbing her head from side to side. “What’s the matter with you? Feel right.” She pushed her sunglasses to the tip of her nose and turned to Dean, looking at him over the lenses. “Don’t you feel right, baby?” She poked her finger against Dean’s arm before ruffling his hair.
The tall, dense stems filtered most of the light this far in. The rows of corn had been planted two feet apart; Frank used to be in charge of taking care of the crops along with a group of helpers that always varied based on how much work there was. But Frank had always been the person dedicated to it; he called it his sanctuary, his escape from the horrors of the world.
Dean spun on his heels, excitement bubbling in his chest, already planning on asking Cas to come along. He couldn’t wait to find out Cas’ taste when it came to movies, did he like cowboys like Dean? Or was he more of a horror fan — Poltergeist, maybe? Nah, Cas was probably more of a The Shining type of guy.
Dean, who watched him as if Castiel held the world inside him, words unspoken in his eyes. An anguished ‘Don’t leave me’ in each brush of his knuckles on Castiel’s skin. A murmured ‘I love you’ in each kiss on the back of Castiel’s neck. A painful ‘I don’t want to let go’ in each tear shared at night, lips pressed together, foreheads touching, eyes closed as they dreamed of another life where they didn’t have to say goodbye. But with each morning that came, they kept driving; they didn’t stop because they both knew this had to be done. Dean had said multiple times that Lucifer wasn’t Castiel’s responsibility, but Castiel felt responsible for putting an end to this. If he was the only one that could do it, it was his claim to make, his burden to take.
Castiel's grip on his wrists tightened while he increased his ruthless pounding and nuzzled Dean's shoulder with a kiss placed at the base of his neck. And that contrast between rough and tender took away the last bit of restraint Dean had left.
Cas only appeared at night, and Dean always pretended to be asleep on the couch. A couple of times, he had tried to approach Dean, but when Dean didn’t reply, he eventually let it go and didn’t persist, much to Dean’s relief.
After trying to rearrange his thoughts a bunch of times, he glanced to the end of the street and smiled. They had reached his favorite café, and Dean always thought clearer on a full stomach.
“Good luck.” There was an edge to his voice as the guy turned without sparing another look back, something almost somber that left Dean grasping for words.
“Don’t do that…” Dean whispered, ignoring the concerned expression on Cas’ face before giving Cas his own fishing rod. “Take it slow and easy this time. Unless you wanna break another rod.” And maybe that was Cas. If Dean kept the line taut, something was going to break. Cas was meant to be free after all. If for Dean, freedom meant something with Cas, it was the exact opposite for the other man. And Dean wasn’t about to clip Cas’ wings and keep him caged. Dean’s arm brushed Cas’ knee as he drew closer. “There you go.” Dean adjusted the rod, very much aware of how close they were. And maybe it was the boat’s instability at fault, but Cas gravitated towards him, the faint scent of mint and apple filling his senses. “There,” Dean rasped, resisting the urge to close the remaining gap between them.
“Besides here, you mean?” Dean smiled, turning, already aiming for the second place his nerd ass brother was most likely holed up in.
Dean’s eyes widened as he looked up from where the blade pressed dangerously close to drawing blood to Jody’s perplexed expression.
Dean hung up before he accidentally admitted anything more. Like the fact that whatever they had shared, whatever Dean’s feelings were, it was the most real thing he had ever felt in his entire life.
He pulled Cas against him and captured his hot mouth again. Stopping briefly as their cocks finally rubbed together. “Fuck!”
His legs started moving before his mind could decide what that noise could mean and what he would do if someone was trying to hurt Cas. Dean burst inside the bathroom in a mix of panic and deadly fury. What he found inside left his heart equally galloping on the inside.
Round scales covered the entirety of the tail and increased in diameter the closer they got to the waist. Each one was of a lazuli shade that could only be matched by Cas’ eye color. The scales caught the light in a silvery sheen that was magnified by the clear, glassy layer of water covering Cas’ whole body, giving the tail a glimmer that almost looked like it was shining under the fake light of the bathroom.
Bobby sent him an amused look with a hint of something Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on. “Right.” He turned to Castiel then. “So, how’s this idjit treating ya? Hopefully better than he’s been treatin’ this old rag here.” He pointed a thumb to himself.
Dean’s eyes widened, his breathing coming to a stop as he sucked in a wave of smoke before he forced it all out. “No!” he cried, swallowing a wave of nausea.
Sammy was on the other side. “Can I talk with Castiel?” He hurried inside the bedroom without waiting for Dean’s reply.
A gleam of light filled Lucifer’s mouth and the cavity of his eyes before they turned to black holes, and he fell backward, hitting the ground with a dull thud. No scorched wings against the dirt framed his corpse, though, indicating that he wasn’t dead — simply forced out of this body and expelled to Hell again.
They sneaked out the back; with everyone gathered around for the bonfire, it was easy to avoid other people and leave the fort behind. Dean sent a warning through his radio to the south lookout post and they made their way down the cliff’s edge, crossing the patches of greenery at a lazy pace once at the bottom before reaching Dean’s favorite cavern.
Cas fell asleep moments after, burrowed into Dean’s side, their limbs lazily tangled as he snored softly into Dean’s chest.
Thoughts swirled through Dean’s head at a mind-numbing pace as he tried to grasp what was happening — the fourteen-story drop, the rest of the Croats pushing and shoving, leaping one after the other, following him down into the fall. Charlie was screaming his name somewhere above them, her voice growing more distant, muffled by angry snarls and the air rushing past his ears as he kept falling.
“I will.” Cas was already halfway out, one foot on the asphalt as the car’s door swung open. “I will watch over you,” he had said, before slipping the rest of the way out, blissfully ignorant to how much those words had simultaneously shattered and rebuilt Dean’s world.
Castiel replied with a smile, pretty pink lips curling up and illuminating his whole face, with lines webbing out from the corners of his eyes. “Morning, Dean.”
They had started these meetings per Dean’s initiative, something Dean regretted right now since that made it impossible for him to call in sick and skip it. He had barely gotten any sleep; between nightmares of Jeff’s brain splattered all over the fucking floor and the constant, looming dark figure that always taunted him in his sleep, there was hardly time for any actual rest.
And as much as that made Dean happy, he couldn’t help feeling a little hopeless too, knowing Cas’ time with them was coming to an end. Missouri had given him the clearance to leave the room but had expressed that Cas shouldn’t go outdoors under any circumstance, much to Cas’ despair. So Dean had dragged a very grumpy Cas around for an inside tour. Dean had done his best to cheer him up, but Cas had looked miserable the whole time, lips all but pouting, a frown deep between his eyebrows. Dean was about to give up when they reached the library and the array of books.
Dean just smiled down at the blushing, awkward mess Cas had become and took pity on him. “There are worse ways to spend the day. Meeting you, I mean,” he echoed Cas’ words, sending him his best grin when their eyes locked.
Dean shook his head, tilting it slightly to kiss Cas’ palm. “You’re here; that’s all that matters. You came back.” Dean tucked him in for a firm hug, closing his eyes and feeling Cas’ warm breath against his skin as the angel sighed softly and leaned into the crook of his neck.
Dean shrugged. “When you were helping Sam set up the lights for the bonfire, I sneaked up here. I wanted to do something special… for you… for us.”
Dean reached out, watching the buildings slowly grow on the horizon as he drew lazy waves against the breeze rushing against the truck. He blinked hazily and turned to check behind them — the stained white box-truck drove close behind them with Bela at the wheel and Ash beside her, his head pressed against the window, cheek squished to the glass and mouth hanging half-open. Dean couldn’t wrap his head around how he could always be so calm in moments like this. Bela held her cigarette between her lips and gave Dean a small salute.
The man’s eyes widened before he replied with a small smile of his own. “Castiel. My name is Castiel.”
“Dean,” Garth’s head shot out from behind a column of books just as Sam slammed the black book closed.
“Dean—” With Dean’s name filling his mouth and a few short spasms, Cas came all over Dean’s hand and their stomachs, his back arching off the bed from the intensity of it.
Dean snapped his eyes open, a broken gasp leaving trembling lips as he looked around. The line of trees was destroyed, but there was no sign of smoke invading his lungs anymore as he breathed in. He was back at the edge of the forest, with a new weight on top of him. But instead of hating it, this new closeness comforted him.
“Come on, Dean, no time for a power nap.” Sam slapped him roughly on the leg, waking Dean from his short-lived shut-eye. “We’re almost there.”
Hating merpeople as much as he loved the sea was an admission that had often earned Dean a deep eye roll or a long-suffering groan. Anyone who didn’t know his past usually said it was quite the contradiction. Most times he didn’t offer an explanation. The people that mattered already knew about his past — the root of his grudge — and that was enough for him.
This bedroom had become theirs. The longer Castiel stayed, the more Dean kept sharing with him. The extra bedside table he had brought in after Castiel’s second week so he would have a space for his belongings. The two drawers Dean had freed up in the dresser. The locker in the shared bathroom he had cleaned and made Castiel’s by writing his name on a piece of cardboard, attaching it to the locker’s door.
But not with the bonfire; for Dean, the bonfire represented everything they accomplished each year. It was a time for celebrating life and unifying the community.
Sammy was thankfully unharmed; Dean glanced down at him, carefully holding his brother in his arms. They stood still in the middle of the room as Bobby quickly strode from one room to the other and back again, trying to gather as much of their possessions as possible in the least amount of time.
Castiel wasn’t fond of the surface, especially the shores. He always avoided the drylands, unless he had a commercial affair to attend to or it was collection day. Mostly he managed to evade boring transactions with humans, leaving those to his older brother, Gabriel, who was very keen on the human world. But collection day was different — this was the only day he actually enjoyed himself on land.
“He said he was tired of waiting for you. You know we’re running low on supplies.” Kevin tried to defend. “He organized his own party and took off.”
“Are you hungry?” Dean interrupted before Cas could ask what the hell was that about. “I can fetch you something to eat,” he said, already halfway out of his chair.
Lisa and Ben had given Dean everything he wanted, and yet, somehow, he had managed to fuck it all up. It’s not like he regretted the decision of ending things with Lisa, but he wished he had given them more than disappointment and heartbreak. Sometimes he just wished he could go back and erase their memories of the time they had together.
Dean tipped his head back, pressing his fist to his mouth. How was that possible? The guy was clearly having a bad reaction to the bite; he was feverish, probably delusional. All the signs were there. Maybe he was lying. But what would be the point? Sooner or later, Dean would find out; it’s not like he would be able to hide it once he turned. But what if he was telling the truth? Was this guy immune? If he was, that was one hell of a big deal, one that could turn things around for every survivor fighting this relentless war with the Croats.
Castiel and Lucifer were the only two left standing as a giant chasm opened in the clearing. The loud whine of grinding metal permeated the air around them as the power emanating from Dean forced the frames of the structures to bend like pretzels.
Cas continued to steadily push into Dean, his cock a substantial intrusion until he had bottomed out. Once he was fully sheathed, he waited for Dean. Dean traced the muscles along Cas’ back, his lips moving to his temple, feeling Cas’ trembling under the effort to keep himself still.
“Next time, just let me handle it,” Cas said when their eyes met. They were still so close; Dean could feel Cas’ breath wavering against his face. “I can take care of myself, Dean.”
Castiel nodded. “He witnessed my sacrifice and had a change of heart. He said my love for humans equals his own, and that should earn me another chance.”
Most of his powers were gone, and powerless to face it all, he resumed what his atoms had been built to do — he grew unattached. He scavenged from place to place, avoiding humans whenever he could, fearing any bond that could come along with it that would remind him what his old self had once been — filled with love. Love for humanity, love for Earth, love for his kin… even for himself.
“Man, there’s no way I’ll let you take a cold shower! And the doc says you can’t walk around just yet, so no showers downstairs either!”
Dean could, honest to god, feel his entire soul puffing with happiness, latching onto the feeling Dean was experiencing right now, with a rollercoaster of emotions centered around Cas.
Dean tilted his head to the sky, smiling at the warmth gently nudging at his skin. “Mornin’,” he mumbled to the pleasant breeze as he watched the garden for a moment before crossing it.
“Hey,” Dean blurted, massaging the back of his neck, aiming for casual but missing by a mile. There was a heaviness in his chest, and Dean was tired, so fucking tired of denying that he was eager for more, tiptoeing around the fact that he wanted Cas to stay. Before he could stop the million butterflies that were trapped in his chest from escaping through his mouth, his next words were out, “Do you wanna go out with me?”
These are some angst chapters, so hang in there, it will get worse before it can get better. Just remember that there’s a happy ending.
Heavy, dragged footsteps closed in on Dean before he was met with a beard-covered face topped with a worn out, red baseball cap.
“Gabriel? Oh…” Dean huffed, the relief flowing through his whole body, making him feel guilty. “I thought Gabriel was a boyfriend or something.”
“You can’t go like this.” Dean neared the bed, speaking for the first time since Gordon had left, hands in his back pockets. For a moment, there was something so vulnerable in the way the blue-eyed man looked up that it made Dean avert his eyes. “Like the doc said, you’re too weak to be on your own. Just let…”
“Sammy? A little focus please?” Dean snapped his fingers to get his attention. “I get how you got here. But
hung heavy in the air. Before Dean could reply, there was a knock on the door, followed by another, quickly growing impatient.
Dean laughed. “Good thing you got somethin’ out of it.” He took a step back. “Anyway, I need to go; otherwise, I’m gonna be late for work. Give my regards to the old man.” With a wave of his hand, he turned to leave.
“The power is down. Meet me by the wind turbine,” he said, turning without waiting for Dean’s reply.
“He hasn’t woken up since you brought him here.” Kevin scratched his chest right above the logo that said
“Only one,” Dean lifted his index finger for emphasis. “One party can leave at a time. The others stay to guarantee the protection of the group and—”
Once again I wanna thank everyone for your amazing feedback. Writing can feel really lonely sometimes, but you make me feel like I’m being seen and that gives me the strength to keep writing. Thank you for that!
“I can’t go without…” If at least he could remember; the name on the tip of his tongue, why couldn’t he remember? “Not without him.”
But between wanting to be and actually being, there was one hell of a distance, and after a year, even Dean’s stubbornness wasn’t enough to make it work.
, the voice demanded, as cold as the darkness caressing his mind. The vision so real, Dean could feel each inch of its sharp nail ripping open his chest and clawing around his heart, leaving him wide open to the bitter cold. The voice hauled Dean into the air, suspending him above a pit of faceless beings wailing at him, arms stretched and ripping at his legs, trying to pull him down.
“I only need my four hours,” Dean would reply every time. “Besides, waking up early is healthy. I’m not getting any younger, y’know. If I don’t watch over me, who will?” he had added one day.
“I killed my parents,” he murmured the truth about himself, the confession he had kept from everyone except Sam and Bobby. But there was something about Cas that kept him from lying, from omitting a damned thing about himself. “I was four at the time. Some burglars got in, and I got hurt and… my necklace…” He grabbed the large, dark stone with his free hand. “My mum yanked it from me to save my life, and I ended up going human torch on everyone. And even though my dad was already dead by then, it feels like I did it myself.”
At first, the house had felt cold and impersonal, but as Dean’s clothes lay scattered throughout the bedroom, his toothbrush and shaving cream in the bathroom, his favorite shampoo next to the shower, it felt more lived in, felt warmer… felt like his.
“We’ve had our time,” Dean replied, not looking at her, half of his attention being drawn to the discussion ahead of them. “It was good. But it’s over.” He was next in line, and before Charlie could press on, he greeted Becky. She mumbled something back, but her voice was so low, Dean could only guess she had greeted him in return.
The conch was dyed in a gradient that changed from a shade of baby-blue to a turquoise as intense as Cas’ eyes, clear and piercing, that reminded Dean of the crystal, tropical seas. “That’s because I had it dyed. I thought this color would fit you better… because it’s blue, y’know, like your eyes.” Dean fixed his gaze on the seashell, not daring to meet the blues he knew were focused on him. “If you press it to your ear, you can listen to the waves. I figured it was the closest thing to home I could bring you.”
"Thanks, I owe you one.” Sam reached for the door. “It was nice meeting you Castiel, Dean has told me a lot of good things about you.” He smirked when Dean shot him his best
Dean shut his eyes tight and punched the wall hard enough to turn his knuckles dark-red and send a shot of pain along his entire arm. He threw another punch, a “Fuck,” on his lips, the defeating word scratching the back of his dry throat on the way out as he embraced the ache that followed.
Opening his eyes to the bare sky, he gasped and let go of the last breath he was holding. A single beam shot through him toward the dark sky and deep into the fresh cracks on the ground, illuminating everything in its path a frigid piercing blue and causing the ground to shift and collapse around him.
“Shhh.” Charlie already had a finger to her lips. Eyes flickering in both directions and body erect as she tried not to make a sound.
Dean raised his hand to cut him off, his pleased look letting Cas know he was touched, but determined. “If I know you as much as I think I do, after what you went through, you’re probably yearning for water more than anything else right now.” He placed his hands on Cas’ shoulders, stopping his next protests by turning him around. “Jus’ go. I’ll go change to more comfortable clothes while you’re at it. Probably grab a beer and fire up Netflix while I wait. Take your time.” With one last push, he led Cas to the shared bathroom before spinning on his heels to head for his bedroom.
He slept at ease for the first time since Dean could remember. No dead bodies were taunting his nights; no dark figure was making him jolt awake, drenched in sweat. Nothing but the lingering sensation from when Cas had kissed his neck still imprinted on his skin, sending warm tingles along his back by the time he let himself go.
She smiled sweetly up at him, a knowing glow filling her eyes. “When it’s true, that’s what happens. It changes you to the core.”
“More than we already are?” Gordon challenged. “We’re all at risk when we have a bunch of newbies to do the job. We need—”
“I thought I did, but I learned to value what I had. It grew on me without me even realizing it. Being human snuck up on me like a beautiful flower growing between slabs in the pavement. I wasn’t paying attention, so hung up on the feeling of what I didn’t have, instead of appreciating what I had gained.”
His thoughts came to a halt with the snap of a twig. Dean’s eyes snapped open — besides the swaying of trees and rustling of leaves, everything seemed as motionless as before. The walls were high enough that no one, dead or alive, would be able to climb them easily; they were flanked on all corners by watchtowers, four in total. Each night someone was on duty at each tower, with two more people responsible for patrolling the ground on the inside walls. Even though Dean couldn’t see them from here, he knew they were out there keeping an eye on things.
The admission alone was enough to push Dean over the edge. He released a desperate sob, muscles tensing and twitching as his whole body shivered and convulsed. Hot moisture spilled between their bodies as Dean spent himself with a few urgent jerks of his hips. It felt like being shattered in the most fucking amazing way before his body was filled with the biggest sense of relief in the goddamn world as Dean came through the biggest orgasm he could recall.
The kitchen was modest and minimalist — all slate countertops and red-brown cherry cupboards ranged around bright, cream tiles. The few stainless steel appliances left behind had needed replacing, and over time, he had purchased a sizeable double-doored refrigerator and a used oven that worked like a charm. He’d also managed to acquire a blender, a toaster, and best of all, a coffee maker.
The bed dipped beside Dean, a rustle of fabric before Cas curled into Dean’s side, arm wrapping steadfastly around Dean’s waist. Dean sighed deeply at the instant relief coursing through his veins. He buried his nose in the dark, thick hair and inhaled his favorite mix of apples and mint. Cas nosed his neck in return, murmuring into his skin, “Having you… being with you, Dean, it’s enough. You’re enough. Ever since you… for the first time, I learned what happiness is. I learned what being in love truly means. Because of you! You’ve changed me, Dean.”
And they did, hands reaching high up above their heads, fingers opening up and freeing the paper lanterns to the expanse of purple, one after the other. Soon the sky was a mix of twilight and the star-like glow of the lanterns as they rose at a lulling pace and floated away.
This chapter exists because one of my betas thought I needed to prolong Dean's struggle. So you should thank them for the extra angst lmao
Dean pushed back and eyed Castiel, fisting him repeatedly before leaning forward to lick the tip, precum oozing out onto the flat of his tongue, spurring a tingling sensation that flared along Castiel’s skin, the muscles of his stomach clenching as he tried not to jerk forward into the wet heat of Dean’s mouth.
Cas had his back to him, hand splayed against the bark of one of the largest pines in the clearing, eyes intent on the top where a hive rested. He turned, wearing the most self-satisfied smile. “Found it!” he proudly announced before realization struck. “What is it?” he asked when he saw the state Dean was in.
Dean nodded slowly, watching Cas’ eyes dance with memories, delight melting into sadness as the weight of what had been taken away from him settled between them.
It started in a world of pitch-black. There was nothing else, no sounds, no smell, no taste in the back of his mouth — just the constant humming of nothingness.
“I just… I am…” Something tightened Cas’ voice, but Dean didn’t push. It had been an unspoken agreement from the beginning to give Cas space only to share what he felt comfortable with, and Dean wasn’t about to break that rule again. Cas seemed to second guess what he was about to say and lowered his gaze. He pointed with his chin to Dean’s bandage. “It got infected at first. You were delirious. Missouri, Kevin, and I had to take turns changing the dressing and making sure you were hydrated.”
Dean added the flares to his holster along with his hammer and checked his gun one more time, taking a deep breath as he watched the two women disappear inside the field. “Alright, let’s go.”
“That’s a bit extreme,” Dean gasped. “I mean, a man’s porn is sacred, not something you should mess around with.”
“Everything’s as peaceful as my late mother knitting on a Sunday afternoon,” Garth replied without looking up, toothpick lazily hanging from his lips before he grasped it to clean his front teeth.
“Yeah, sure.” He looked back at Cas, who nodded at him. Dean left and shut the door behind him. “Comin’.”
Everyone was ready except him and Cas. They hurried to their bedroom and got dressed as fast as they could. Dean wore khakis, paired with his favorite baby-blue and lavender flannel over a simple black tee.
“Care about you?” Dean said, voice a fraction deeper as he held Cas’ gaze. Surprise flashed on the other’s face before it faded into a tender look. “That’s what I found in the Keeper.” Dean bit the inside of his cheek. The words,
“That son of a—” Dean gritted his teeth before letting out an exasperated sigh. “Thanks for the heads up,” he added, signaling Charlie to hit the gas. She nodded silently, and the truck was moving again, leaving the secluded clearing behind.
So, Garth had a thing for reptiles. It could be worse. Some poor bastards had a thing for blue eyes and dark hair that vanished off the face of the earth, never to be seen again. So, again, it could be worse.
Dean turned to him briskly. “Don’t you even dare expect me to roll over and play dead while you go all kamikaze with the King of Hell. We’re going, or no one leaves.”
“Anything… something you like. What makes you happy?” He was watching Dean with a fervor in his eyes that reminded Dean of when he was a kid watching his mum drawing patterns in the sand with a wooden stick.
This is a good time to clear something up. Cas isn’t purposely hiding who he is to trick Dean into getting himself involved with him. He has his reasons and you’ll find later he meant no harm by hiding the fact that he is a mer to Dean. So please don’t be mad at Cas.
“Can we just get to the point and get this over with?” Charlie interrupted. “I don’t think any of us wants to be here more than is necessary.”
“Exactly,” Cole replied, his nasal voice spilling the same hate Dean saw in the other two’s eyes. The nosebleed had improved, but the gauze patching up his nose was already soaked through with blood, and the red swelling around his eyes stood out against his semi-pale complexion. Cole turned his cold gaze at him, and Dean tried his damned hardest not to think about what he would give to have a different kind of blue staring back at him. There was something about the guy, something Dean couldn’t explain. It was like he had known him all his life, like there was a connection between them. Absently, Dean held his necklace’s stone in his palm, closing his fingers tightly around its cold surface.
“Yes, daddy.” Dean let go of his toys, squeezing a load of shampoo into his hand and rubbing his hair vigorously. His bath time was probably his favorite part of the day. His mother just recently had agreed to let him wash on his own. Dean was old enough already, he had argued. A little convincing was needed, but with some help from his father, he now got to enjoy his adventurous time alone. He dove his whole body into the water to rinse off every last bit of soap.
Dean took no time in peeling off his clothes, allowing Cas to do the same with his before lowering himself between Cas’ legs again. He kissed Cas’ thigh, sucking a bruise into the tender flesh.
The early morning breeze felt like needles on Dean’s face. The rising spring sun was shy and muted behind billowy clouds. He blew warm air into his free hand then dug it into his front pocket.
Dean cracked a smile, lips curling wide, dimples deepening into his cheeks as he looked down. “Should I say no?” He swallowed hard and audibly and met Castiel’s gaze again, something in his expression hardening.
“I’m here,” Castiel reassured, kissing just as devotedly, moaning against Dean’s lips, teasing his cupid bow’s curve with his tongue before slipping inside and stealing a pleasant breath from Dean. “I’m here,” he confirmed between soft sighs before they finally pulled back for air, foreheads resting together.
With no other place to go, he rolled to his back and pushed himself along the ground until he was beneath the truck. “Shit!” he rasped out of breath, slicing one of the Croats’ arms that tried to reach him under the truck. “Jo!” he yelled, silently praying that had given Jo enough time to reach Claire.
He fled, fins paddling along the water and arms flailing quickly to propel him forward and increase the distance between him and the mer as much as possible.
Dean wasn’t keen on leaving, though; there was a resounding part of him that held on to the hope that Cas could come back somehow. That part of him waiting for one last miracle was what kept him from breaking down each new day he was forced to wake up.
Before Dean could finish, an explosion of light filled the whole clearing, killing any shadows and Croats alike, their rotting meat turning to fire beneath their frenetic screeches. Dean instinctively shut his eyes tight, the radiant light searing through his eyelids and making him shelter his face with his arm. The shrilling screams assaulting his ears reverberated through the surrounding area as Cas burned every single Croat around them, and everything turned dazzling white with forceful vibrations, shattered rocks, and trees cracking all around.
Cas pulled away from Dean’s arms, sitting up straight on the bed, and it immediately felt like a loss. “I don’t understand why you’d give your life for me,” he murmured, expression turning serious. “I’m not… worth it.”
He swiped a hand over his face and faced the empty room. He needed to get over it and start finding a new roommate.
Castiel glanced a few times between Dean and the necklace before tugging it back beneath his shirt. “My brother gave it to me.”
“In my bedroom,” Dean said, filling the glass of water on the bedside table. “But don’t worry, it’s only temporary until we can find you— Hey! what’re you doin’?”
Under the tent of string lights, various wooden tables were set for lunch and decorated with a kaleidoscopic of flower arrangements — baby pink roses, amidst tall pearl-white flowers Castiel had pointed out as being snapdragons, with a mix of purple and faded blue flowers Dean didn’t know the names of, but the finished bouquets looked freaking awesome. The chairs were adorned with big white bows, and a wide wooden trellis archway painted white welcomed them inside the make-shift tent.
Dean broke half a french fry with his teeth and chewed with his mouth open, exactly how Sam hated. “Whatever, bitch.”
Castiel gave his head a shake into the darkness of their bedroom and sat up. He had moved in the day after Dean left… the day after their kiss, and he had been so lost in the way Dean’s taste still lingered on his lips, he had failed to realize what the gentle nudges in the back of his mind truly represented.
The words alone were enough to break his will of not taking what he had been longing to for so long. Dean pressed a kiss to the hair behind Cas’ ear, nosing there for a moment, the scent of apples and mint filling his senses, before kissing the skin again, slowly and tentatively leaving a trail of chaste kisses down Cas’ neck. Cas’ skin was soft and warm and everything he needed.
I know what this looks like and that you probably wanna scream at me after this, but please trust me and read the tags and warnings, or lack of them;) Just... scream at me, but trust this will all work out.
Their love for marine life had come from their mom. Mary loved the sea so much, their dad used to complain she must have been a mermaid in a previous life. It was only natural that some of her love had stuck. While Sam dreamed about continuing his studies as a marine biologist, Dean got his PADI certification when he was nineteen and could pay for the scuba lessons and gear himself. Though it was only when Sam went off to college that Dean started taking more courses and truly committed himself to turning his passion into a career. Within six months of learning and improving, Dean was given his certification of divemaster. It took him a few years to get the proper skills, the right camera (which had cost him almost one year of savings) and even longer to get his own office where he could edit his own photos and finally convince people to take him seriously.
Cas raised his eyes again, mirroring Dean’s nod. “Good.” He took a long breath before speaking again. “I guess it’s partly my fault as well for not being upfront with you and telling you I’m a mer.”
Castiel’s smile almost split his face in half. “No,” he gasped, tracing a finger along Dean’s cheekbone before releasing a breath. “He’s alive. Barely. The mark kept him alive.”
Such a simple word. Filled with so much emotion, so desperate despite how hopeless their situation was. One more word and Dean would see his will fade somewhere forgotten between Cas’ tender arms. He couldn’t have that; he needed Cas to despise him too, to have his words sharpened on every edge with hatred for Dean. So despite hoping for a miracle, Dean used his last words to make Cas loathe him instead.
“Dean!” Charlie snapped her fingers in front of her. “Focus, please!” She cleared her throat when Dean’s eyes were back to her and her stupid poster. “Mer are proven to be just as peaceful and friendly as humans are. Some are dicks, yeah. But so are plenty of humans!”
Baby’s engine purred away from the Keeper in the direction of the cornfield as Dean floored the gas pedal.
Cas placed kisses everywhere his lips could reach, fingertips worshiping skin as he quickened his pace. Cock thrusting in and out, hands tightening around Dean’s hips, leaving white marks, desperate for something to hold on to.
When he entered the living room again, Cas was studying his piano, fingers tracing the glistening fallboard. “You play?” he said, eyes not leaving the piano despite the curiosity the words carried.
A light rain lulled the world outside into a gray haze. Dean leaned his head against the passenger window, taking his time to watch the raindrops slide down the glass and fall off the edge. He returned his gaze to the road, a misplaced sorrow pooled around his heart — that blue-eyed stranger had burst into Dean’s life for one fleeting moment, and yet Dean couldn’t help but feel there was so much more to it. When someone could literally cut through the flames and pull Dean away from his nightmares, there had to be more. Dean could only hope the guy was okay, somewhere safe, with someone taking care of him the way he had done for Dean.
Dean laughed, the bubbly, soft sounds filling the air as he threw his head back and felt it taking over him until his whole body shook. “Man,” he added when the laughter had subsided to a low rumble, wiping a tear from the corner of his eye. “We need to get you started on movie nights,
“What’s the reason then?” Dean asked in a carefully neutral tone, trying to keep the disappointment filling his chest from poisoning his voice. They didn’t know each other; Castiel was barely an acquaintance, so it shouldn’t matter that he wasn’t here to see Dean. Over the past year, Castiel had become a pleasant daydream in Dean’s dull life. Even if this encounter mattered a whole lot to Dean, maybe the same wasn’t true for Castiel.
Something close to heartbreak crossed the merman’s eyes as Cas firmly shook his head. A resounding “No!” on his lips and a murmured “And he never will be,” added almost as an afterthought.
Dean arched an eyebrow at him but complied with the request. “Drowning your sorrows or a long day at work?”
Cas was a sight like this, hair ruffled in all crazy directions, making him look like he had just gotten the best and maybe wildest sex in his life, his skin flushed pink from the recent hot shower. His upper body was sturdy and muscled, framed by broad shoulders and full chest, leaner around the waist; his fair skin ended and morphed into the most beautiful shade of blue scales Dean had ever seen.
Dean raised his head. “No need. I already warned the others, and the agreement was four people were more than enough to handle this. If it comes to… y’know, them disappearing completely, we’ll get everyone together and decide how many search groups we should send out there.”
Dean’s laugh halted when long fingers curled around his aching cock, gripping tightly before moving up and down, and Dean couldn’t look away, couldn’t do a damn thing but hold his breath and watch Cas slowly leaning in.
Dean looked away, feeling his face growing hot as he quickly added, “I, uh, didn’t mean to assume anything, just… y’know, wanted to be prepared. In case you… you wanted to.” To hide his increasing nervousness, he reached into the cooler to pull out a couple of beers, almost dropping them when Cas lunged at him to wrap his arms around him.
