On many full moon nights, the townsfolk could hear the eerie night howls of the forest wolves- the darkened almost black forests that were blanketed by the darkness night brings- was frightening to look at. What lurked in those dense forests under the moonlight and cover of night had most town wolves staying indoors come dusk. As if frightened that the forest wolves would jump out from behind those large trees or the shadows and snatch them off the streets.
And every time, they would end up driving over the edge together. The alpha spurting his come onto the sheets below; whilst Castiel’s cock was gripped hard by Dean’s walls, preventing him from pulling out. He would join his lovers guttural moans as he emptied himself deep into Dean.
The omega gasped as his eyes landed on the encampment of the Winchester forest wolves. All around were massive trees, spaced out against vast forest lands, the blue skies peaked in through the gaps between the trees, there was a sufficient amount of sunlight sipping through. It was still bright enough to see the encampment for what it was:
would mean being accepted into a prominent college and working your way towards a well paid career was a damn liar!
Unlike him, he had to see and hear the real thing. Like how they had loud sex in Jimmy’s room whenever their parents weren’t around, how Jimmy would get picked up for parties in that sweet ride and how he would end up catching them in a heavy make-out session in the darkness of their kitchen- when he gets up for a glass of water around midnight.
alphas. The only omega wolf was Cas birth mom, who he learned was named Heather Novak. The biggest alpha wolf was the lead alpha, Cas biological dad, named Michael Novak.
He felt his eyes slowly drooping shut, replying in a sleepy haze, “Yes Dean. Mmm ok.” The last thing he heard was Dean whispering into his ear, “Goodnight Omega mine. Sweet dreams.”
18 years on and no wolf came to claim the blue eyed omega pup; his oldest alpha son, had found in the woods.
He was doing pretty well, so far, until a deep gruff voice with the most gentlest tone uttered, “Please, look at me, omega.”
His cock filled as he wondered what the beautiful male omega in his tent would give to him. He slurred out to his best friend, the commander of their warrior wolves, Benny Lafiette, “I’m heading off to my tent, Benny. Make sure no one disturbs me tonight or I will cut off their knots and feed it to them!”
Somehow, he felt that that connection between Cas and he, was only growing stronger. Like an invisible red string of fate was thickening and strengthening this faded bond between them.
Yes, as much as he was willing to claim Castiel as his mate, he still wanted his omega to have free will to choose.
He cringed and pulled the phone away from his ear. Christ she’d bust an eardrum. He also felt a little guilty for her latter sentence. He shouldn’t have avoided her like that.
They were both a moaning sweaty mess. Dean growled out as Castiel began fucking down on his cock meeting him halfway through his thrusts, “Uh baby! You’re a quick learner huh?”
This time Castiel snapped out, “He isn’t forcing me Anna! I will do what I feel is comfortable to me!”
And his eyes searched and his eyes found and his legs followed, leaving his parents and baby brother calling out for him.
institution he studied in. But, his hard work paid off, and he was graduating soon in a few months’ time, then, he was going to move back to Lawrence.
He crouched down, before Jimmy’s headstone. He took in the engravings on the tombstone ‘JIMMY NOVAK’. He reached out and ran the tip of his fingers along the dips of Jimmy’s name. His heart squeezed and his tears flowed as he remembered the teen Jimmy Novak was.
Dean laid a soft peck on his mother’s forehead, plastering on a smile for Mary, “I love you too, mom.” Dean then, pulled away and said, “Night Dad. Night Cas.”
Lucifer sneered, “What is the meaning of this?” He growled as the alphas grabbed a hold of his biceps in a solid grip.
He felt a  fat tear roll down his cheek. Dean reached out a hand and thumbed at it, equally teary eyed. This was painful for Dean, but, the alpha was trying his hardest to be strong for both of them. Dean murmured softly, “Don’t cry little omega.”
Dean folded his arms along his chest, “Castiel is not COMPLETELY infertile dad! He still has a small chance of getting pregnant again!”
The first person he asked to see when he came to was Cas. No surprises there. He missed the omega so much.
Castiel, for the first time since everything went to shits, smiled from genuine excitement and joy. He chuckled, “yes we will get to doing that as soon as next week rolls in, Dr. Barnes.” He squeezed Dean’s hand that was now wrapped around his, smiling further when his alpha lightly squeezed back. “Or we will definitely get started from today.”
Apparently, Missouri delved in psychic readings. He didn’t really believe in much of that, anyways, he would show respect. His mind always went into the negative, so he shrugged, “I don’t think Jimmy would be wasting his time hovering around me, Missouri. I’m sure he has much better things to do in the spirit world”.
He didn’t know how to feel when he watched Cas and the red head communicate, with evident affection for the other. His grip on his beer bottle was a lot tighter than necessary and his eyes seemed to narrow on the sight.
from the moment Cas started walking around in his human form- only to morph back into his wolf form when he was successfully snuggled into him.
And, he was slowly falling for the alphas charm and guiltily forgetting Dean at times (well the settled forgetfulness was becoming more frequent, the more he fell for the British alpha). And, what surprised him most, was that come he and Bal’s 6
Michael’s small pack stood behind their alpha, eyes also reflecting concern. Castiel knew why. The Winchester wolves were much more bigger in form and much more terrifying in their black fur.
There was an unreadable expression that flickered through Dean’s face, before the man suddenly frowned, shrugged and got back to skimming through the pages of his contract. He blurted, “No problem”.
A/N: Apologies that I couldn’t post up earlier, as I was out doing some relief/humanitarian work for a couple of days.
So, he glanced back at the Impala, “She’s a car of absolute beauty, Dean”. Again, mesmerized by the glossy shine reflecting off the hood.
“The Annual Meet is for every unmated omega wolf to attend, Cassie! You should be allowed this one chance at least to find a suitable mate. Who knows, he or she may be out there!” Gabriel stubbornly countered. The omega then blurted out, “You’re 35 years old, Cassie! If you don’t find someone soon, you will become barren and incapable of starting a family of your own! You know that!”
Dean pulled out of the hug and took a step away from his mate. He didn’t miss the way his mate’s eyes turned even more worrisome by his actions. He sighed and rubbed a hand down his face, leaning his ass against the edge of the kitchen sink, and just watching his mate with a saddened expression. He contemplated how he was going to say this, in the end, giving up and figuring that straightforward was the best way to go lest he suffer a damn brain ache. He licked his lips and broke his silence, “We have a problem that has arisen baby. The council haven’t taken to the miscarriage very happily.”
two wolves learning to discover each other once more. His throat was parched, so he jogged up beside Cas, lowering his head and lapping up the cold, refreshing, water, into his mouth.
Charlie’s phone was picked up on the second ring. Her bubbly loud voice bursting through the receiver of his phone, “CASSIE! I NEVER THOUGHT I’D HERE FROM YOU, EVER AGAIN!”
He was thankful that dad didn’t even pay him any heed while he relieved himself. Dad just sat on the floor, by his bedside, sponging his head and body with a cloth soaked in nicely chilled water. His dad would sometimes hum an unrecognizable, yet, soothing tune to calm him. And yes, sometimes when he was so exhausted, he would fall off to sleep. Only when he was asleep that his dad would quietly leave his bedside to stretch his legs and do whatever he needed to do, before he was back by his bedside, even before he woke up.
He was broken out of his thoughts when his alphas now warm and gentler tone said, “Castiel, turn your back to us, for you shall not see what Anna and I will be doing the rest of the night until morning”.
His parents would only send a very young Gabe to his room with a basin of antiseptic laced water and a damp cloth to get to dabbing the wounds on his back. In the case of his damaged knee, the doctor only told him ‘
He couldn’t help but smirk at the way the omega had mimicked his usage of the nickname Sammy. Yeah, he felt that they were going to get along just fine.
He stepped into Cas bedroom with the intent of apologizing fully to the omega. He couldn’t help but smile as he realized that Cas didn’t correct him earlier for calling him
Castiel’s wolf was a foot shorter to his alpha wolf. The fur on Castiel’s wolf was a mixture of black, grey, orange and white- all equally layered well. And damn did it amplify the glow of Cas cerulean blue eyes. Dean couldn’t help but comment,
-  that Charlie had knocked into a pocket when she first broke.  Dean started racking up the pool balls into the triangle- like Charlie had done earlier. The man then came to stand beside him, saying, “Ok. Let’s get some basics done”.
The only person who ever made him feel pleasant in his previous dark atmosphere, was his little brother, Sammy. Always with his jokes and tender loving care. He pulled himself out of the heart wrenching thoughts of his baby brother, giving in to his curiosity. “What do I smell like to you, alpha?”
He rubbed a hand down his face- anger instantly dissipating. All he felt was tired and guilty. He sighed, “Fine. Your scent, your wolf drives me crazy, Castiel. It makes me want to do- adult- “. He paused when he caught Castiel’s growl and unimpressed look. He retracted and reworded, “It makes me want to have sex with my true mate, breed him with pups. My alpha craves and responds immediately to its omega. But, Cas, I can’t react to my natural responses, otherwise, I am going to be hurting a child”.
Now was the best time to say shit, because they had an audience. Everyone was curious and had stopped their mingling to watch.
It was quiet for at least a minute. He wondered what was going through Cas mind at the moment. He didn’t have to wait long for an answer. Cas quietly and timidly asked, “Dean, may I sleep in your arms tonight? I would love to hear the beat of your heart and fall asleep to it’s rhythms.”
The alpha shook his head. Eyes turning stern and mouth pulled into a tight line. The alpha barked, “Go back to sleep, omega Castiel! This is no sight for a child!”
“You mean Winchester Pack traditions that are outdated and cruel to any bonded pair? One that aches the hearts of true mates? One that is forced upon young Winchester alphas when they find the one?” He didn’t care that he was back talking his dad, he was angry and damnit his mate was hurt for a very long time now. “Other packs don’t separate young mated pairs and chuck their alphas away to some Training Institution, and they are doing just fine! So why the hell do we need to punish those that have found their mates at a young age?”
’ persona and the level of comfortability and trust that both he and Charlie grew to share. “Charlie is into chicks, Cas. She also doesn’t give two shits where or when she decides to put on her bra or clothes, as long as it’s on her side of the room.” His heart sank when he asked, “You really thought that I would have done something like that to you?”
There were many things that Dean was willing to do for Cas- and if it had to come to that, and he had to renounce his title or run away with the one he loved, then so be it. Come what may, he and Cas were only meant for each other.
And he felt the wrath of their scrutiny and disgust. He felt it in the whips he had gotten on his back, marring and disfiguring the once smooth milky skin. He felt it in his injured for life right knee, one that was hurt by a solid whack to his knee cap via the thick wooden handle of a mop. All under the hands of his alpha father, Michael.
Tomorrow, he would meet his intended omega mate, one from the Novak Pack and bring him over to his Pack lands. Here they would wait the solid week for preparations before the mating ceremony would take place  before the glow of the full moon.
It took him a total of five orgasms into the early hours of the morning to have his alpha wolf’s sex drive settled. He didn’t cuddle, nor lie down beside Anna after each round. He would let the female omega have her bed, and always found himself buried under the covers of Castiel’s empty bed.
He had a job waiting for him at his surrogate dads auto shop and he’d already paid the lease on an apartment run by a man named Crowley. The guys parents must have thought he was the devil reincarnated, to give him a name like Crowley? He was sure that there was a more….decent….name in there somewhere.
Castiel smiled at his omega, nodding and replying telepathically back to Dean. “Very well, my omega”.
After a few minutes of silence, Cas murmured, “this was an amazing first date, Dean. I really feel comfortable and at peace here”.
Finally he saw. An alpha well dressed in a black suit and skinny tie walked out of the shadows of his tall oak tree. A very handsome alpha who glowed under the moons yellowish- blue light. His heart beat harder than it ever has as the alpha stepped up unto his front porch, the porch light finally revealing the exquisite features of a very beautiful man.
He always loved that Mary was concerned for Bal’s safety. It was a sweet gesture. He smiled and nodded, “Of course, momma. I’ll give him a call soon.”
Benny smirked slyly at him, “Cher, you only give people you like a nickname. Looks like Cas has captured your attention”.
He and Sam were the only two between 20- 25 that weren’t mated yet. Well, they had girlfriends before, but, yeah, those omegas didn’t suit them much. It was like he was searching for something in those omegas he had dated but didn’t seem to find what he was looking for.
He had to admit, he enjoyed the touch of an alpha. This alpha that is, he wasn’t cruel. He whined lightly when the alpha removed his fingers from his hair, but almost preened when the alpha took a hold of his own hand instead, squeezing lightly.
Janes was a burger joint. And, not a flashy one. It was similar to classic wooden café or diner. The place was situated just on the outskirts of Lawrence City- and, happened to be well known- judging by the amount of cars parked in its tiny car park. It’s no wonder he hasn’t been here- it was outside the city- which he hardly travelled much.
Castiel fisted Gabriel’s black shirt, leaning in and growling lowly, “Dean is NOT a vile beast! And I am not Craven’s beloved! That vamp has always been trying to get me to be his mate, but, I have rejected him countless number of times! He needs to get into his head that I’m not interested!”
Sam watched on in fondness as Gabriel and Castiel laughed at whatever joke they shared. He nudged his brother on the shoulder, “It’s great to see them getting along huh? I’m glad they are both happy now, Dean.”
“So, are you and Cas planning to do anything today? I mean, it is a beautiful day. Perfect for a run or walk in the woods.” He shrugged, “Maybe, you guys can go down to the Wicker Streams.”
A/N: I'm sorry that I couldn't update in the last few days, as I have been quite busy at work. Its the weekend, so I had time to write up a chapter for you lovelies.
Ellen tapped him lightly on the forehead, answering, “when this-“, she brought her fingers down to his chest, tapping lightly over his heart, “and when this- gets out of control- flooding you with more pleasure and happiness, whenever you think of him or are near him….then, that’s when you’ll know this was meant to be”. She cupped him lightly on the cheek, smiling at him, “ain’t no time like the present, Dean. You gotta seize the day”.
He shook his head, voice tight and emotional as he said, “And why should I give you that chance Dean, huh? So you can break my heart all over again? So you can tell me that I’m not worth enough to be your mate? So I can get rejected once more like you did me 10 years ago on Prom Night?” He swallowed the thickness in his throat, swiping at the tears running down his cheeks, “10 years of wondering why, 10 years of sorrow and pain, 10 years of keeping this within me is more than enough. I won’t take any more from you Dean, I can’t let you break me completely.”
Dean chuckled, rubbing that alpha snout along his hair. It was a sign of affection. That’s what momma always said.
“That’s none of your concern!” Samuel grit out. “Now do you want to take the omega or should I sell him to some other slave trader?”
Castiel wrapped arms around his mate’s neck, sniffling and glancing into his mates glassy green eyes. He could see how well Dean was trying to mask his pain- apparently, he knew Dean all too well. He sniffled, “I just- thought of the miscarriage for a second there. I don’t know if you’d feel what I mean, but, it still pulls at my heartstrings to the point I’m in agonizing sadness”.
With a thumping heart he grabs his wallet and keys for his apartment before heading out. This was it- time to face all those party dwellers that had nothing good to say about his life.
His heart was slowly quickening it’s pace as the time neared 7pm. Oh my God! He was going out on an actual date with someone. And not just any someone.
He turned his attention back to Mary’s still brilliantly smiling sweet face and said without a seconds hesitation, “Yes Mary. I am ready.”
Dean never left the omegas side, gently wrapping an arm around the trembling, frightened omegas mid back, pulling the omega to him. Her son narrowed his eyes at Chuck, “First of all, CHUCK, he is not wretched, he is beautiful like every other good omega out there, secondly, I asked him to come attend the event, after all I want him to come meet my parents and baby brother. I also want to declare to everyone that I will court Castiel and that he and my little brothers intended mate, Gabriel are to leave with my family and I tonight. They will now be provided a safe, non judgmental and secure home in Winchester lands.”
If there was one thing Raphael feared- it was losing this amazing job. He responded grumpily, “Fine!” With that he stomped away in the opposite direction.
Well, as he stood there just staring at Sarah, their very pregnant pig, he felt a warm hand clasp his shoulder. He gasped in shock and turned around to see the Prince standing a foot before him. He had to look up at the tall Prince, blurting out, “Yes?”.
Gabriel trembled in fright, on the front steps of their mansion, as his alpha dad stood over his tiny human form. His father was angry at him for not completing a task and had given him a slap or two that was strong enough to land him flat on his ass.
He trembled, tears already escaping his eyes like that of a waterfall. He tapped away the hand his alpha reached out to comfort him. “Tell me Dean, who have they chosen?”
Castiel held his head up high, eyes not stirring from his brothers, “My omega and I have decided that the bite will be delivered in a months time”. He and his omega began to walk past his brother and his goons. Castiel commented, “Now, if you’ll excuse us, I have to get my omega into a warm bath and some comfortable clothes”.
Dean, like the sweetheart he was, just laid a comforting hand on Castiel’s trembling ones, murmuring so softly, “Hey Cas, it’s ok sweetheart.”
She continued glancing back and forth between file and her clients, “Castiel, everything looks good. You are still fertile even if you have difficulty with conceiving. Plus, taking into account the fast healing pace of wolves, I would say you are healed enough to begin making babies with your mate again”. She winked at the now smiling blushing pair, who were looking at each other with such happiness and if she wasn’t mistaken, hope. She threw a wink at the pair when they decided to turn their focus back unto her, “so, I suggest you get to trying for another baby the ole natural way. Next week, you should be hitting high chances of conceiving on your cycle.”
Castiel smiled tiredly, squeezing his hand lightly, “I know baby”. Then Cas finally turned his attention to an unimpressed Anna. Dean watched as his omega suddenly replaced his emotionless-blank facade with a now stern one completely aimed at Anna. The tone Castiel carried sent pleasant shivers down Deans spine and was damn hot, “Anna. You are a guest in MY house. You are merely an omega who has been ordered by the council to live here under our roof. Make no mistake, it doesn’t mean Dean and I have welcomed you with open arms”. The blue eyed omega added, “In our eyes you are an intruding omega, hence, you have no say here. AND I’m NOT your puppet and punching bag anymore Anna. You have entered my domain- and that means you show respect or Dean and I will have no choice but to shove you into the basement where you can spend the rest of the year reminiscing on your miserable life. Be thankful that we are generous to let you have the guest room, but don’t push us! The council will not save you there”. Castiel then slipped an arm around Dean’s waist, “ oh and MY husband is off limits. I don’t care what the council says! I am the omega of this house and you will obey me!”
He didn’t know. But, he knew that there was a connection between Cas and he….at the most awkward of times. And, everything seemed to be happening so quick. Quicker than he’s ever had a reaction to anyone before.
John looked unamused, “It is not a punishment Dean! It is tradition and has been since the beginnings of the Winchester Pack!”
Cas couldn’t stop his body from trembling hard as he came on his lovers cock buried deep inside him. He cried out into the empty barn as he heard Dean’s words. His toes curling in as absolute pleasure overcame him. He couldn’t help but scratch down his lovers back, head thrown back, eyes closed tight and panting out, “Yes Dean! Yes! Fill me with your pups!” The way Dean’s warm cum filled him deep, yeah, pups would soon be a reality.
As they walked on, Dean couldn’t stop staring at the side of his alphas face. He murmured, “you saved me, alpha”.
He beamed in excitement when he heard Dean’s hearty laugh fill the air. He scrambled the last few paces, making a beeline for Dean (who had his back to him while seated by the island), engulfing him tight from behind, “Hey, Dean!”
He shifted his head, to meet those curious blues. It was only for a brief second before both were shifting their gazes back at the
He was startled out of his depressive thoughts when a series of soft knocks on his bedroom door sounded. His little brother entered the room, meeting his eyes through the mirror. “Cassie, mom and dad says to come down to the gardens. Our mates are almost here.”
Chuck tried to show he wasn’t afraid and snapped out, “Our Milton Council has spoken! Release the halfbreed omega to us!”
And, he admired the attention, but, it was just too much. Not to mention, it made him feel like he was cheating on Dean- if he ever gave in to their advances.
to score a beauty like Castiel Novak. What made him even happier was to see his mate looking relaxed whilst doing something he loved.
Castiel leaned back into his lover, leaning his head to the side as Dean pampered his neck with little nips and kisses. If it weren’t for the fact that he was still healing from his current miscarriage, he would instantly drop everything he was doing just so he could engage in some hot sex with his husband. He didn’t realize he had stiffened up the moment he thought of his miscarriage nor did he fully grasp the fact that he had tears blurring his vision. Not until Dean felt his mate freeze up in his arms, immediately halting his kisses just to aim worried eyes at his mate. But the moment Dean caught Castiel’s tears, he turned his mate around, “Baby, what’s wrong?”
Charlie squealed in delight. Again, Castiel had to hold the phone away from his ear, lest he go deaf. Charlie blurted, “Oh this will be a good night, Castiel. Just me, you, a few beers and the worlds best buffalo chicken wings!”
. Lucian had been hiding for hundreds of years. Family lineage was passed on and lycan sons that were fathered by Lucian, under the Winchester name, ruled and took care of the lycans.
He fell off to sleep to the sounds of a crying omega whore laying beside him. Again, he didn’t care…that squeeze in his heart meant nothing.
Samuel Campbell, to a pulp bubbled within him. Maybe one day, he would dish out some just punishments. As for now, until Gabe turned 18, he needed to lay low. This omega, Dean, was a precious jewel. He knew from the instant he smelled that alluring scent trailing off the omega. He smiled lightly, his eyes not leaving the omega’s slightly curious green ones, as he spoke, “you carry my favorite scent, Dean. One that my late mother, Leanna Novak, carried. Trust me, you are special to me”.
Castiel grumped out, “Then what do I do in the meantime, when you’re not here and I get horny. Hmm?”
Castiel blushed all the way to the tips of his ears and god damn it was adorable. The omegas shy blue eyes met his with a hint of enthusiasm. “Yes.”
He certainly wasn’t going to miss the opportunity to talk to tall, long haired, dimple cheeked and handsome over there. No way!
She didn’t let the asshole Milton Pack alpha get in a word. She spoke with authority and firmness without taking her eyes off the awful alpha. “Dean, Sam, John, we will be leaving now. Boys, get your omega mates ready for the travel back to Winchester lands. We will not be in this despicable lands any longer!” She growled lightly at a still stunned and weary Chuck, “As for you, Chuck, you will be hearing from the wolf council soon!”
Fuck, fuck, fuck! Dean was breathing extremely hard now, slipping a hand into the back of Castiel’s pants and immediately a searching finger found the omegas leaking hole, circling it before easily sliding it in. He nipped at Castiel’s lips, moaning out, “Cas, did you loosen yourself up for me already.” He couldn’t help but fuck two fingers into the omegas hole, rubbing against that perfect g-spot.
His dad never left his bedside throughout his entire rut. He stayed with him through it all, and it made him feel much better and safe.
When they both calmed, he tapped the tip of Cas nose lightly. “I will love your car, just like I love you, Cas”.
for this trip- no way was he letting Anna get her scent all over that precious leather and interior.
Now, here he sat, adorned in his usual and comfortable barbarian fur attire, ready to feast and celebrate further into the night with his warriors and their possible mates. There were no whores allowed- but he would make an exception tonight- Castiel was requested to attend.
He heard moans and groans of a woman and man engaged in sex. He could smell  the scent of arousal and hear the slap of skin on skin- all coming from his humble family home.
Dean shook his head. “He’s been throwing up a lot in the mornings!” He adds, “And his scent has changed some…like there is an added scent intermingled in his that I can’t yet put my finger on.”
Bal had him lying on his back, pinning him down into his mattress with that strong alpha weight. They were both shirtless on the bed, belt buckles and zippers undone, grinding and kissing hard.
Sam who was seated shotgun in the Impala said, “You sure you’re ok to drive Dean? We could always swap.”
They were made this way to cater for the needs of rich alphas who enjoyed the best of both worlds- the masculine and the feminine.
Dean smiled back at him, voice still mellowed and calm as he suggested, “How about we take her for a spin, during lunch? You can ride shotgun”. Dean looked almost shy as he added, “And, maybe, we can stop over at Jane's to grab a bite?"
Castiel’s  smile was Jimmy’s smile and it nearly made his heart stop. This feeling that he had only felt once before, a hell of a long time back, started to claw its way unto the surface. It drew him to the accountant like a moth to flame.
A/N: First of all, I would like to apologize for the REALLY LONG WAIT. I promise you this fic is not abandoned and I will be working towards adding more chapters and completing this fic now.
Gabe rested his head just above his heart. “True mates always find their way back to each other, Sam. Let time play its part.”
Castiel could feel his cock twitch as blood began to fill and he could feel Dean’s cock against his hardening as well.
Alphas loved seeing their omegas running ahead, trying to tease them. And, he wanted this chase to last for long. Cas was a beautiful wolf- the perfect mate with the perfect stamina, in the eyes of his alpha wolf.
Thirdly, came John Winchester. Now, it was safe to say that Dean and Sam had inherited their devilish good looks and their nature of simplicity from their father. The man, like his sons, was also 6 foot tall, brown hair (neatly cut), rocking a neatly trimmed salt and pepper beard, had the same grass green eyes as Dean’s, the same handsome smile as both his boys, and one of the most gentlest and biggest of alpha hearts out there. Castiel concluded that flannels, t-shirts, jeans and boots were some sort of a common Winchester family attire- John with his own grey and white checkered flannel, dark wash jeans and black boots. The alpha leader was wise in all his years and as of a few years now, widowed. Castiel felt saddened that Dean and Sam’s mother were no more and would have loved to meet her.
It was a wonder as to why Mr. and Mrs. Novak wanted them to meet outdoors. Sammy had said something that itched at his curiosity,
Now, that only pissed him off further, so without thinking, he took a fairly good step back, creating distance between Lisa and him. A deep seated satisfaction bubbled within him as her face fell into that of a scowl. That fire still ran in his veins though, so, he couldn’t exactly maintain his entire calm composure, gritting out a clipped, “I.
Sam rolled his eyes so hard it looked painful, but eventually he had to admit defeat. “Fine,” he ground out, shaking his head as if he already regretted agreeing to this. “But take Cas with you. At least you’ll have more protection with him there.”
Sam held his hands up in defense, shaking his head and looking just as confused as Dean felt. “I don’t know, man. We did what the spell said. Maybe the-,” he paused, giving John a long look, before continuing in a quieter voice, “the
be. But yes, the more he looked, the more certain he was that the woman was their mother. Mary Winchester, alive and in the flesh, standing between her two giant sons and beaming ear to ear.
“It’s gonna be okay, kid,” Dean said gently, rubbing Jack’s back. He couldn’t do much more in that moment.
“Witches, and demons, and angels and werewolves and vampires, too. Some of my best friends are monsters,” Dean said. “Though, the witches are usually more friendly with Sam. He can geek out with them about magic and history and spells and shit.”
“It’s a long story,” Dean started, shifting uncomfortably when he realized Bobby wasn’t going to be welcoming them with open arms like he had hoped. “We’re from the future, no big deal. Just need to borrow a book we think you might have, and we’ll be on our way.”
How Sam could say something that monumental with such a straight face, Dean wasn’t sure. He mulled that information over for a long time, jaw working as he stared at the picture until the screen went dark. Their mother was alive (
Did Cas sleep in his bed? Shit, did he have a boyfriend in the future? And no one had thought he needed to
Though he was trying super hard to be quiet, he swallowed just a little too loudly, his dry throat clicking in the silence. The door was yanked forward, away from his hiding spot, and a beam of light was shone in his face. He blinked awkwardly against the light, flinching back as he brandished his weapon.
Both girls froze, before they turned toward Jody again, disbelief flashing across their faces. “Dean?” Blonde-girl,
Cas couldn’t help the soft look that overcame him, bright blue eyes turning into a shimmering pool of emotion, attempting to hold back tears. Dean stared back; he could drown in those eyes and not even put up a fight. “I really love you,” he told Dean adamantly, leaning forward until their foreheads touched. Dean sucked in a sharp breath, shaking his head even though he was smiling like a loon.
Mary refused to meet the angel’s eyes, instead choosing to focus on finding their turnoff. How had this conversation derailed so horribly? She had just wanted to know a little more about Dean, about where he came from and what he was up to. She didn’t understand how she had screwed things up so badly, once again.
“Bullshit!” Dean shrieked, flinching when his voice cracked. He waved his machete at the vampire threateningly. “You brought trouble on yourself when you killed all those people.”
Feeling panic quickly start setting in, Dean tried to adopt that military mindset his father had drilled into him at a young age; if you find yourself lost, look for a newspaper, a news station,
“Dearie,” Rowena said softly, dragging Dean’s attention back towards her end of the table. He had almost forgotten she was there. Her cauldron was barely bubbling now, the fire looking sad and neglected beneath it. Her face was lit from below by the waning light and she looked sad. “If you really don’t want to do this, you don’t have to. You don’t remember this, but something similar happened to you a few years ago. You lost your memories and it took us a while until we were able to get them back to you. You were quite distraught when you realized you were losing things. You don’t remember now, either, but you have so many good things to remember. It wasn’t all bad.” Her eyes flickered towards Castiel for a moment before she grinned cheekily. “No, not bad, at all.”
He opened the door with one quick movement. He had been expecting his mom, or Sam, or some other person he hadn’t met yet, but what he hadn’t been expecting was a worried Castiel, standing at his door with one hand in his trench coat pocket and one hand raised as if to knock again, face open and worried and a little bit sad. His eyes grew wide when the door swung open, but attempted to give Dean a weak smile anyway.
He rubbed a hand against his neck awkwardly, looking away. “I’ve never had someone like that before, that cared about knowing me. Someone that took care of me like a person. Not even Sam.” He clasped and unclasped his hands in his lap, guilty for even thinking it, let alone saying it, but he continued. He needed Cas to understand this.
He was content, if not happy, as an adult. Even if he was scared, too, but that was a part of life. Shouldn’t he be getting back to that? To that life that seemed so damn important to all the other people in his life?
“Hey now,” the vampire said, flashing her teeth dangerously, “gotta eat, don’t I?” She smirked, leaning down to take a deep sniff at Mary’s throat, and Mary let out a loud, cut-off shriek. “In fact…,” she drawled. Mary glared at the far wall, eyes determined and hard as she flexed her hands around the vampire’s, her nails digging into the other woman’s skin.
There were strange books on the dining room table, old and thick and collecting dust. The room was different than he remembered; the table they usually ate meals at was shoved up against the far wall, and where it usually sat was a line of bright red paint along with some odd symbols he didn’t recognize.
“Sam sent me to get you,” he said, stepping back to bring Dean with him. “He made dinner.” Dean nodded, letting himself smile as Castiel led him through the bunker. It was huge, and he could see himself getting lost in there. They wound their way to the kitchen eventually; Dean was following his nose more than anything, mouth salivating.
Hmm, weird, but not the weirdest way he’d ever woken up. He gathered his things as quietly as he could and snuck out of the house; he wasn’t too keen on Bobby waking up and shooting at him again.
Claire’s gaze was intense, to say the least. She looked uncertain, though, and Dean felt for her. If he had ever met a younger version of Bobby, or his dad, he wasn’t sure how he would react. Eventually, she seemed to come to some sort of decision as she reached into a pocket and pulled another sleek device out, waving it in his direction enticingly. “I don’t know if I’m screwing up the space-time continuum or whatever, but want to see some pictures?”
Jody looked smitten with him as she bumped her shoulder with his, a fond set to her features. “Of course, Dean. You’re welcome here whenever you want, but I think you’ll be happier with your brother around. We’ll catch up next time around.” She stood and wrapped him up in a tight hug, pressing a kiss to the crown of his head. It was a little awkward, seeing as he was still seated, but the hug was nice.
,” he sighed, voice heavy with warning. The older Winchester growled lowly to himself but extended his hand, letting Sam nick his finger. The blood rolled down his finger and into the bowl, and the smoking intensified.
Anxiety was beginning to claw at his throat, his chest, causing his heart to hammer painfully against his ribcage as he searched each room. “Sammy?” he called, desperate. “Bobby?” There was no answer, but honestly, he wasn’t expecting one. “C’mon, guys. This isn’t funny!”
He pounded a fist against his curled-up leg and used his other hand to wipe away the tears from his cheeks. He was being so stupid. Stupid, and ungrateful, and spoiled; like a little brat that didn’t get his way. He should just go out there and face them, apologize for freaking out, and move on like nothing had happened. But he didn’t want to face their heavy gazes, their judging eyes, or pitiful looks. He wasn’t something to be pitied.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel did as was asked of him, though he didn’t look happy about the delay in their mission. “That’s not going to do anything to me, either,” he grumbled lowly, but let John cut his arm all the same. Dean leaned across the bed to pat his arm consolingly, smirk in place as his eyes sparkled at Cas’s grumpiness.
Nodding, Jody began explaining, continuing to study the strange stare-off happening between Dean and Castiel. “Yeah. Somebody called in that they saw lights on in the house. Dean had found a flashlight and was looking for you and Bobby. Said he went to the store, woke up on the sidewalk.”
Feeling that empty maw inside himself opening up, Dean eagerly leaned forward, looking forward to the promise of more food than he could eat. “Thanks,” he said through a mouthful of food, shoving bite after bite in his mouth, practically shoveling it in. It tasted good. Homemade, even, if he had to guess. He couldn’t even remember the last time he had had something homemade like this.
Dean closed his eyes, let his body relax, and settled into a grateful rest beneath the watch of an angel.
scrunching myself up just so you can reach the pedals,” Sam said in that snooty, long-suffering tone he took on when he was close to the end of his rope. Dean instantly deflated, smile fading as he nodded along. Couldn’t really fight that logic, could he?
Standing dumbly across from her as she pulled a sleek piece of technology from her pocket, Dean watched her poke at it until it lit up, lighting her face up from below as she continued tapping at it. She put it up to her ear at one point and waited, smiling awkwardly at him as he scrutinized her every move. She visibly brightened when another voice came through the speaker.
Mary kept quiet. Castiel moved to stand beside the brothers and Dean loosened his hold on Sam, leaning his arm around Sam’s giant shoulders instead, pushing his little brother’s head until he was leaning against Dean’s stomach. “It went great. Got all five of ‘em, burned and buried the bodies. In and out. All’s good.”
Dean stared at her with wide eyes, slightly intimidated, still reeling from the revelation that, apparently, he had the hots for a guy in the future. No, an angel? A guy-shaped angel?
Dean choked on a swallow, coughing for a moment before wiping his mouth. He couldn’t meet their eyes, instead side-eying them as he speared another mouthful.
to change back. I’m not really sure what’s holding you back, but I’m sure we’ll figure it out.” Sam said it all so easily, like it was a given that he was going to age back up, and Dean felt his stomach revolt.
Shaking himself back to reality, Dean smiled softly and plopped down into the chair across from Castiel. “Course not,” he said easily, leaning back and threading his fingers together over his stomach, the picture of lazy contentment. Castiel seemed to take him at his word, giving Dean an uncertain nod before turning back to his book. Dean took the time to just study him in the warm, comfortable silence between them.
“I think it worked,” he said excitedly, turning a grin up at his family. Rowena looked proud, and Sam, Dean, and Cas were all excited, smiling and crowding close, reaching out to touch, to hug, to clap him on the shoulder.
“I found three barns out in the middle of nowhere that look likely. We’ll get some sleep tonight and then check them out tomorrow.” Castiel nodded; the sun was already starting to set on the horizon. Dean stood and flopped down on one of the beds, grabbing the remote and flipping on some old Scooby-Doo episode. Then, he pulled the weapons bag close and started sharpening the machetes Mary had grabbed from the bunker storeroom, as if it were routine to be maintaining weapons while watching cartoons.
. Mom loves us, but she doesn’t really know us. She had a really hard time finding her place here when she first came back. She’s still trying to figure it out, if I’m being honest. She goes off on her own a lot, but she always comes back, and she always tries to be here when we need her. She said she would be here by tonight, probably around the same time Rowena gets here.”
She glanced behind her at her son. He was only sixteen, and Mary wasn’t sure how much combat he had seen at this age. It made her anxious, and angry that she hadn’t thought to ask before roping him into a hunt. She shook her head, pushing the thoughts away. What’s done is done, and she simply had to make sure everyone made it out of this in one piece.
Castiel just shrugged, easygoing. “There are worse things in the world. Crowley is a friend; Meg helped us out frequently, even died for us to get away from an even worse demon. The world is not so black and white as you were raised to believe.”
“Of course, he can stay with me,” Jody said, rolling her eyes like it had been a stupid thing to ask. “I’m sure the girls will get a kick out of this.” Sam snorted over the line and Dean glared. What girls? Why would they think this was funny?
He took a shaky breath and shook his head, turning to look at his brother and the angel. He half expected them to being staring at him in disappointment, the same way Dad would look at him sometimes if he didn’t follow an order, or he put Sam in danger, or he shirked in any of his responsibilities. Hell, sometimes he looked at Dean like that just because it was a Tuesday, and he was feeling a little vindictive.
“Calm down,” Dean growled, and was more than a little proud that that made John falter, gun dropping an inch as he fought the instinct to follow orders in that tone of voice. Dean was already over this whole situation, and it hadn’t even been five minutes, yet. “Take a closer look, Dad. It’s us. Sam and Dean. Your
“Ready to tell Sam all about your first vampire hunt?” Mary asked, smirking playfully as she came around the side of the car, the weapons bag slung over he shoulder as it clanked with each step. Dean gave her a cocky smile, still feeling half-asleep, but followed her out of the garage and back into the main bunker.
? This was a dream come true; his brother a badass hunter working side by side with him, his mother alive and well and right in front of him, and he was being a big, stupid, crybaby about it all because he wasn’t who he was supposed to be. How ungrateful could he be?
John bristled at that. Spellwork? “You working with witches now, too? Never thought I’d see the day,” John drawled distrustfully. How much had the future changed these boys? Dean just rolled his eyes, and John was starting to hate that sign of constant, blatant disrespect.
Excited, Dean quickened his pace, practically running by the time he came to the mouth of the driveway. Something was wrong, though; it was dark, all the lights extinguished, and the house itself looked a lot more rundown than he had ever seen it before. There was something that looked dangerously like char marks climbing up the border of the siding. Dean couldn’t breathe. What the hell had happened?
Shifting uncomfortably, Dean tried to look away. He wasn’t used to being looked at like that, like he was something precious, something to be protected, something that might be hurt or broken. Plastering on a fake grin, Dean shifted, letting Sam’s hands fall away. “Never better, Sammy. Scout’s honor,” he snarked, holding up the salute.
Leaning away, he let her hand slide from his shoulder and turned towards Castiel, who was studiously ignoring them, already piling bodies and heads up in a pile in the center of the room.
The lady looked him up and down for a moment before her whole demeanor changed, softening. “Okay, kiddo. What’s your name? I’ll help you find you family, yeah?” Dean swallowed hard and hesitantly followed her back down the stairs until they were standing in the relative safety of the living room. “Why did you think they would be here, though?
), staring at his feet, trying to avoid everyone staring at him. Sam continued, apparently finished embarrassing his older brother for the moment. He turned back to Jody. “I’ll head over, I guess. See if I can find anything that might have done this.”
“Mom,” Dean called softly, dropping his machete to reach her side with both hands outstretched. “Are you okay?”
Castiel didn’t speak. He let one hand run up and down Dean’s arm, while his other hand slipped through Dean’s short hair, scratching at his scalp just like Jody had. That silent understanding alone told Dean just how close he must be with this angel. They sat in silence as Dean cried himself out, letting loose his fear, his frustration, his exhaustion. Eventually the tears stopped and Dean just leaned against Castiel’s chest, exhausted and quivering. He was just so damn
Shifting awkwardly, feeling like he had said too much already, Dean clammed up. It was never good to give the cops too much information. That just led to more problems down the road.
that had been. “What the fuck, boys? You’re here, I may as well help you.” Then he turned and eyed the third man suspiciously. “And what was that about wiping my memory? You can
Collapsing onto the bed, Dean groaned and tried not to think too hard about the decisions he was going to have to make. Instead, trying to take his mind off of the clusterfuck that was his life, he let his eyes wander around his room, searching for a distraction. In the mess that had been the last few days, he had only given his room a cursory once-over. He hadn’t snooped except for a few minutes on the first night, and that was just a crying shame.
Dean felt a swell of frustration erupt from his chest and he trembled beneath the angel’s grip, his own hands clenching into fists as he tried to keep himself calm. He couldn’t fix himself and this witch couldn’t fix him, either. What was it going to take? He wasn’t supposed to be a kid; Sam needed his big brother back, and Castiel needed his friend. No one needed
“I’ve missed this house,” Castiel said on a breath, peeking through the back window and smiling fondly up at the house. Dean looked more wistful, and sad, and John just knew in his gut that Bobby wasn’t around in their time. At least, not anymore.
“That was the idea, yes.” And then he was leaning forward, pressing their lips together. Dean groaned into the contact, opening his lips for Cas’s tongue, and they made out like two teenagers, hands and lips and eyes flying everywhere.
Sam showed them the jar Dean had broken, the inscription Castiel had translated. Rowena said she had seen similar curses before, though each, of course, required a different counter curse to fix it.
Mary felt useless; she hated research, hated reading old books, hated wading through archaic wording to try and figure out what the words were even saying.
“We care about you, very much, Jack. If this is the worst thing we must do to ensure your safety, and your health, then we will do it without hesitation. Just, keep your ‘ears on’, as Dean would say. We may require your assistance if things do indeed go sideways, as they so often do.”
Sam nodded, taking his phone and flipping through it for a moment before he set it on the table in front of Dean. He craned his neck forward, trying to see; it was a picture of Sam, and older-him, and a blonde woman. Dean wasn’t sure what he was supposed to be looking at, until he squinted a little harder. He sucked in a shocked breath and snatched the phone up; it
“Now, fair warning; the girls can be a little overwhelming. I’m sure you’ll be fine, though,” Jody said, patting his arm before opening the front door, leading Dean in behind her.
Dean glanced off to the side, expression screwed up like he was doing a feat of mental gymnastics. Eventually, his face lit up with the memory. “This wouldn’t happen to be Cantonville, would it?” When John nodded, looking curious, Dean smirked. A low, mean laugh left his lips, and John felt a chill crawl down his back. What the hell? “Yeah, man. I’m not coming back. If I remember right, I’m probably about halfway out of the state right now.”
Castiel scoffed, rolling his eyes fondly. “Of course I meant if,” Castiel said, almost hurt that Dean could believe anything less. “Dean, you’ve
“Call it mother’s intuition.” Castiel nodded gravely, looking away, face suddenly grave and solemn as he thought through her words. Mary rolled onto her back and sighed, letting herself settle enough to fall asleep. There was nowhere else more protected, she thought, than under the watch of an angel like Castiel.
But, another part of him saw his mom standing there and couldn’t help but stare, rooted to the spot. He swallowed hard past the lump in his throat and was ashamed to realize there were tears in his eyes, too.
, looked up and met Dean’s eyes as she said, “Well. I’m standing here in Bobby’s house with Dean. But he’s about, oh, a foot and a half shorter, and missing about fifteen, maybe twenty years.”
that? Claire didn’t seem to need a response from him, though, already swiping around on the screen. She came and squished herself onto the couch beside him, practically shoving her phone in his face.
There is a fight scene in this chapter, so, sorry you have to suffer through that to get to the emotional drama at the end (fights are NOT my forte). We're almost to the end! One more full chapter and then maybe an epilogue? Haven't decided yet!
“No, but that’s a good idea. Maybe she’ll know what to do.” He dialed a number and put it on speakerphone, the loud dial tone filling the car. Eventually, someone with a high, Scottish brogue answered, sounding excited and a little tipsy. Dean glanced at the clock; it was only nine thirty in the morning.
The only sound in the barn was Mary’s gasping breaths as she leaned against the wall, one hand holding her up, the other rubbing against her throat. Dean sighed, his whole body drooping forward with the force of it.
, for you. Older-you. I’ve never acted on them, because I wasn’t sure how you might react, and I didn’t want you to send me away. But I want you to know: in the future,
So I thought I would update a littler earlier today, just because I don't work today! Yay Saturdays!
“Mary!” Castiel growled, blues eyes practically glowing with fury. The vampire took a hasty step backwards, eyes wide, looking between the three hunters in shock.
He stared at the door. It was solid and wooden, something that looked like it would be difficult to knock or kick down. It was a good door. He
Castiel hesitated, watching Dean out of the corner of his eye. “It is… complicated,” he eventually said, looking away to stare at his knees instead. “We have been through much together, you and I. We have betrayed each other, hurt each other greatly. But we’ve also cared for each other, as much as we could in the moment. I would not trade these years with you and Sam for another millennium as an angel.”
It was silent for a long moment, and Dean almost stepped around the corner to save his brother from his awkward declaration, but then he started talking again. “He touched something he shouldn’t have, and now he’s about sixteen. He doesn’t remember anything, but we have Rowena coming to take a look at him. I don’t know if you want to come or not, but I’m sure he’d be glad to see you.” Another long silence, and then he admitted, softly, reluctantly, “I’d be glad to see you, too.”
Dean tried not to breathe, tried not to move, tried not to do absolutely anything at all. The last thing he needed was a police chase. Bobby would never let him hear the end of it.
She stared at him like she couldn’t believe he was real, and Dean figured he was probably looking at her the same way. She reached a trembling hand towards him, fingers lightly brushing against his cheek.
They ate in silence, and then they piled back into Mary’s care for the drive back to the bunker. Ten minutes in, Dean was already passed out against Castiel’s shoulder, sleeping for the rest of journey back. When they finally pulled into the garage, Castiel shifted and Dean blinked his eyes, rubbing at them until he caught sight of Cas watching him fondly.
John gaped at Dean like he had just socked him in the gut, though he didn’t look nearly as guilty as Dean had maybe hoped he would. Instead, his anger was getting the better of him, as it always had; he looked about two seconds from ripping Dean limb from limb.
“2004. I was working an easy salt-n-burn. Just finished up when you three fell through my damn closet door.”
“Thank you, for trusting us. I know this is crazy, but you’ll get used to it one day.” He turned his head towards the ceiling and called out. “Jack? We’re ready to go home.”
His brother was having a very one-sided conversation with whoever was on the other end. He nodded along, trying to throw a word or two in every now and then, but it seemed whoever he was talking to wasn’t leaving much room for conversation. Finally, Sam seemed to bite the bullet and blurted out, “Something happened to Dean.”
Dean was laughing, and it hurt, but it was cathartic. He felt like an idiot, but what was new? “Okay,” he admitted, feeling more than a little stupid, but it felt good to laugh. “I’ll admit, I didn’t think about that.” He threw a crooked grin Cas’s way, feeling his cheeks tint pink. Castiel just knocked their shoulders together in a friendly way; Dean didn’t question it, just let himself enjoy the feeling.
most electric blue he had ever seen, and he smiled at Dean like he was the most important thing in the world.
Dean wolfed his food down as if someone were going to yank it away and Mary watched him closely, eyes growing sadder as his plate emptied. When his food was gone and he was staring at it blankly, Mary finished off her sandwich and silently pushed the rest of her fries his way. He glanced up, eyes wide and a little shocked, before gratefully pulling them closer, eating those up too. Finally, he looked sated, leaning back and wiping his greasy fingers off on his jeans.
“Fine, I guess,” he grumbled, shrugging his shoulders casually, though inside he was feeling anything but. Castiel kept throwing him clues, stories, thoughts about his older self, and it wasn’t helping him want to grow up again any time soon. He knew he needed to, though, but it was one thing to know what he should do, and another thing to actually man up and
They filed up to the counter and took their plates before disappearing again. When Dean turned around to watch them go, he caught sight of the angel hovering awkwardly in the doorway. Staring intently at him, Dean felt something give way in him and he took pity on the guy, dishing up a plate and shoving it into the angel’s hands without meeting his eyes. He grabbed his own and then joined the others in the dining room, where they were all gathered together, laughing and talking over each other like a real family. Dean sat down, a little uncomfortable; he had never been a part of something so
“So, it is your kid?” Bobby asked, like a dog with a bone. Sam was really laughing now, and Dean sighed, deflating beneath Bobby’s expectant glare.
As soon as Dean’s head hit the pillow, he was out like a light. He didn’t dream, thankfully, but his head was swirling with anxiety and fear, leaving him waking around six in the morning to a pounding headache and a lingering sense of dread.
“Alright, Sam. We’ll catch up with you guys tomorrow.” She waited for Dean to nod before she hung up, pocketing the phone and turning her flashlight towards the front door. “Come on, kiddo. I think we have some leftovers in the fridge at home, I know how much you love lasagna.” Dean wasn’t so sure about hopping into a cop car, but the lady let him sit up front with her, and that went a long way towards making him trust her.
?) of himself that he had made the plunge by age forty. He thought he would probably bury that desire deep enough that he could never touch it again, after all of his father’s drunken ramblings that still played like a bad recording in his head any time he looked at a boy for too long, too hard.
John pulled up in front of the house and threw the truck into park, taking a deep breath before psyching himself up to seeing Bobby Singer again. Before he had even opened his door, though, Bobby appeared at the front door, shotgun ready as he stared John down.
Castiel. And you and your brother, for the part you played in it all. But my dad is in Heaven now,” she said with a smile, looking peaceful for the first time since their conversation had begun. “Castiel died before someone brought him back to life. My dad died when Cas did, but whatever brought him back, didn’t bring my dad back, too. He’s been gone a long time, and that’s okay, really. I know he’s happy up there, with my mom. And I know I’ll see them again someday.”
“Darling,” she started, sounding a little sad. “I’m not going to hurt you. Believe it or not, but I’ve helped you and your brother frequently enough to be on the Devil’s Most Wanted list. I’m here to help.” And she looked earnest enough, but Dean had fallen for pretty faces and even prettier lies before. He turned to Sam, hoping to find some answer in his face, but he just nodded, looking earnest. When he turned to the angel, Castiel looked down at him with a solemn expression, nodding deeply. With a sickening sigh, Dean took a hard swallow and nodded.
“Yeah, but. I mean, you guys actually look similar, seeing as you’re wearing her dad’s body to prom,” Dean hissed quietly, looking around to make sure no one was listening in to their conversation; wouldn’t that be a weird thing to try and explain.
The tender touch and heavy, grounding feeling sent Dean crumbling, shaking with silent sobs as he tried to be quiet. Tears were running down his cheeks, snot clogging up his nose, and he bit his cheek as hard as he could to keep his keening from breaking free. God, but how did he have this much water in his body? He was crying like it was a damn Olympic sport today.
“Did you bring gasoline and a lighter?” he asked the room at large, eyes downcast on his self-imposed task. Dean stared at him in shock for a moment as he hefted bodies without a single grunt. Mary left to gather the supplies, and before long the barn was up in flames, burning the monsters along with everything else.
“Sure, man.” He held the door open and Castiel followed him inside. Dean let the door slide closed behind him carefully, not wanting Cas to think he was angry with him if it slammed shut. Castiel hovered for a moment, indecisive, before he settled at the chair next to the desk. Dean wasn’t sure what to do with himself either, so he decided to flop onto the bed, back to the headboard and legs curled up against his chest.
“Did you try calling Rowena?” Cas asked from the backseat. Dean tilted his head in confusion at the strange name. Sam shook his head but he was already reaching into his jacket pocket, rooting around for his phone.
Sam rolled his shoulders and turned away from John, throwing a short glance Dean’s way before Castiel took over, once more. “It is of no import for you to know. We will be leaving, and you need not worry about the outcome. I should remove these memories, so we do not disrupt the timeline.” He raised two fingers, reaching into John’s personal space and nearly touching his forehead before John reacted, swinging an arm up to swat the man’s hand away from his face.
The waitress made her rounds again, and Castiel ordered something for Mary, while Dean ordered a deluxe burger, with all the toppings and extra fries to go, and watched Cas with wary eyes for his reaction.
The sun had set and cold was starting to sink in. Bobby had only sent him down the road to pick up a few things from the store for dinner, and he had gone and passed out, or gotten knocked out, or
“Are we friends with any other monsters?” Dean finally asked, his smile slightly shakier this time, but he looked like he was trying.
“You can test us with silver, or iron, or throw holy water on us. We’ll survive, promise,” Dean said with a forced grin, already rolling up his sleeve and aiming his arm towards Bobby. He couldsee the fresh scar from the knife John had used earlier in the day and slowly shook his head.
As the sun started setting on the horizon, John reached out to turn up the Led Zeppelin playing on the radio and, just like every other time it came on, his thoughts turned to Mary. He had made her a mixtape of his favorite songs when they were first dating. Those were the good times, before everything went up in flames.
Finally, the door to his room opened slowly, and he sucked himself into the corner, making himself as small as possible, holding his breath as he saw a stream of light move around the room.
“We left a lot of stuff in Bobby’s house after it burned,” Sam said with a sigh, running a massive hand over his massive face. “He might have touched something, you know how he is.” Sam looked off into the distance, probably trying to think back if Bobby had anything that powerful just laying around.
Travelling via angel express was a lot less jarring than via spell, and Dean had Cas to thank that his stomach was so used to travel like this that he barely acknowledged it, other than a small stumble as he tried to find his equilibrium.
Looking up at Cas, the guy that had been so kind and calm towards him since he found himself here, well. He found he really didn’t mind. Cas was a good guy, sweet and a little awkward but kind and considerate and fucking terror in a fight.
“You two are disgustingly adorable,” Sam said from the front seat, rolling his eyes, but he was smiling, too, in that annoying little brother way he had. Dean was grinning manically now, leaning forward between the seats to get closer to his brother so he could flick him in the nose.
Sure enough, there at the end of the street Dean caught sight of a diner he and Bobby and Sam frequented when Dad would ditch them there on his more dangerous cases. So, if the diner was there, then Bobby’s…
Mary’s heart broke a little more at the sight; her baby, who had always been so happy and carefree as a little four year old, had grown up so hard, so wrong, so much differently than anything she had ever wanted for him.
Castiel, the angel, was sitting in the library, though, and Dean froze, hesitating. He wanted a distraction, right? What could be more of a distraction than a real-life angel?
“Can we stop somewhere to get some food, before we head back?” Dean asked, voice small, hating how his voice was just a little too shaky. He never would have asked if Dad were driving, but he was starving, and he thought maybe Mom would say yes.
“Huh,” Dean grumbled. That would suck, he thought, never being able to task food or drinks. He didn’t think he would be able to survive like that.
“Dean? Sam?” He looked between them hard before shaking his head and taking another step back. “What?”
,” Dean ground out, returning John’s glare full-force. Sam and Cas both turned as one on John with matching looks of indignant fury, and John most decidedly did not squirm beneath the look. “Didn’t tell me jack-shit, just up and disappeared while I was fighting off the ghost with a damn iron fire poker. When you finally decided to show back up, I was bleeding, had a nasty concussion, and you had the gall to
. Dean stood, trying not to feel like a little kid in front of his giant of a brother, and failing when he had to look up (and
The future couldn’t be all bad, if his Baby was still around. He settled back in the bench seat, one arm propped up on the windowsill, and watched the scenery fly by.
Without thinking it through, Dean rolled out of bed and threw the door open, breathing hard. Castiel stood there, seeming uncertain now that Dean was standing in front of him. He knew he probably looked like shit, with his bedhead and his heaving chest and his red, bloodshot eyes. He knew somehow, though, that Cas wouldn’t judge him for it.
to happen. After a few more minutes of chanting, something shifted in his chest, like a tight band being released, and Jack let out a
Cas rolled over onto his back, one hand covering his face as he flailed the other towards Dean until he hit him squarely in the chest. “Shut up,” he grumbled, but they were both smiling.
With Castiel on Dean-watching duty, Sam felt marginally better about leaving his brother to his own devices. Instead, he focused on discussing their current problem with Rowena. They traded ideas back and forth while Mary stood off to the side. She watched them like a tennis match, if she had no clue what the rules to tennis were.
“What were you doing at Bobby’s house? Was John there, too?” Mary asked from the front seat. Dean’s smile fell away in less than a second, as if it had never been there in the first place. Castiel mirrored him, frowning hard, worried.
Dean had started pacing about ten minutes ago, after Rowena had explained her hair-brained idea. He didn’t like it, but if it helped Jack…
, apparently, made him feel things that no one had ever made him feel before, and that was more than frightening. When Castiel looked at him, he felt bright, weightless, worth something more than whatever his father wanted him to be. Castiel made him feel like more than a second-rate parent for Sam, or a novice hunter, or worse, live bait.
The woman stared at him for a long moment before she reached up, pinching the bridge of her nose, shaking her head. Eventually, she looked up at him again, looking sad, but not surprised. “My name is Jody Mills. I’m the sheriff here in Sioux Falls. Where’s your brother?” She stopped herself short, shaking her head at herself while Dean just stared in confusion. “No, wait. You said you were looking for him. Alright, let’s give him a call and figure out what’s going on.”
Castiel looked more than ready to start throwing punches, but took a steadying breath and nodded, tilting his head down and fully facing John as his blue eyes turned electric, the lights began flickering in the room, and a burst of light cast large shadows against the far wall in the shape of injured, broken wings that could hardly extend past his shoulders. He held the pose for a moment before the lights returned to normal and the man just looked like any other regular, sleep-deprived tax accountant.
Before Dean could reply, Castiel thrashed his wings against the bars. “I will rip you into pieces… and I will get out of here.”
“I’m sorry that happened to you. Despite being a ‘player’, I think cheating is fucked. And no wonder you don’t date guys.” Dean leaned in close. “What’s your type?”
Dean let out a deep chuckle. “You fucked up,” he said to Crowley, still not moving from his position, seated on Castiel. “When the Bond villain reveals too much in his monologue, it usually leads to his plans getting foiled.”
Crowley smirked. "Still cranky when you're sleepy. Good to know some things never change." The former King of Hell and current pain in his ass, approached and casually slung an arm over his shoulders. "We're going to revisit some of your greatest hits, Dean Winchester. Hold on, it's going to be a bumpy ride."
Cas rubbed his hand over his neck, feeling embarrassed at where his mind was going. "Is this going to be a problem for you? I mean... I know, you only have sexual intercourse with women."
“Me too, Cas… me too.” Dean’s voice sounded light and hopeful. “If my other ‘dates’ go as well as this, I’ll eat my hat.”
“Well, are you gonna get swollen feet, morning sickness? You gonna get cute and chubby?” Dean’s lips curled in a teasing smile.
Dean started fucking his fingers in and out, unable to hold back from seeking friction for his neglected dick. “Tell me when you want another finger…” Dean hated how his voice broke.
It made his heart jump, which was the strangest sensation. He hadn’t felt something like that since…
"Cut!" Charlie shouted from behind them before she walked up to them with a beaming smile. "You guys are nailing this."
There was a small pause before Cas spoke again. "When I got here I didn't think I would find a connection with anyone... but... I... I like you."
I also want to express my gratitude for two very special people in mugglerock and my life: Eyes_of_a_Tragedy (trex) and tfw_cas (ruk / rayray). Both of them are our regular betas now and they worked soooooo hard and fast and with eagle eyes, correcting all of our fuck ups. I love you guys and I'm so happy you wrote on this calendar with us.
Muggsy, thank you for challenging me and making me write smarter. You're so innovative and expressive and outspoken, and it's been a bone of contention between us at times, but I think it's also the reason we write such crazy dynamic fics together. You don't back down in our tug of war, and it gives me room to strengthen myself. I count the day you asked me to join your beta team as one of the best of the year. Because here I am, three friends stronger, with sneak previews of so much awesome writing! And I'm writing again… which wouldn't have happened without you kicking my ass. Seriously, thanks, babe. 😘
Cas felt torn. On the one hand he was happy that he only needed to do this... have sex... once. On the other hand... Dean was his best friend. And although Cas's feelings for Dean were deep, he suppressed thinking about him that way. He knew it was something he could never have, because Dean was only interested in women.
“Someone had the audacity to cheat on you?” Dean asked, sounding genuinely perplexed by the thought.
Cas leaned into Dean's hand and closed his eyes, his body shivering. "I guess I need to start looking after myself," he murmured before he looked up at Dean again. "Let's get out of here."
Cas startled, looking up at Dean in shock. His lips were pale, and his nose and cheeks red from the cold. “Dean?”
What an interesting question, but Dean didn't have to think too long about his answer. "Truthfully? If you'd asked me that before we got talking I would've said no way, but now… I'm definitely not against the idea. I feel we've made a real connection… a bond, even."
"Tell me how you really feel," Dean said with a laugh. He clapped a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. "Unfortunately too many of those still exist, but we're more of a family here. And despite capitalizing on my coming out, they're at least trying to… I don't know, use it for good, I guess."
"I'm an angel," Cas replied dryly, giving him his bitch face. "There is nothing in my digestive organs."
"You have freckles?" There was a soft sigh before Cas added, "I actually have a weakness for freckles. Oh man, you sound perfect..." Cas cleared his throat before he hastily said, "I hope that was okay to say."
“Dude, porn is gonna be like, the least realistic explanation.” Dean barked out a laugh and said, “Shit, maybe don’t click on video links.”
Dean definitely needed to find out this guy's last name for a Google search. "So what made you want to audition for a soap opera?"
The angel growled as he let go of Dean's throat in favor of grabbing him and lifting Dean into his arms, back now pressed against the bars. "Can't," the angel gasped roughly, and Dean could see fine glowing purple lines branching across the angel's neck. Clearly the spell. "Need to breed you."
Cas wasn't even subtle when he looked at Dean's ass, as he was bending over a bush, pretending to puke. He remained stoic and in character though, deepening his voice as he said, "Dan, I’ve told you a few times now, your nausea has nothing to do with my flying abilities. You probably just ate something that went bad."
Castiel rubbed his nose against his cheek, his breathing hot against Dean's skin as his finger mercilessly drilled deeper. "Tight, little human. Why do you smell like a demon, too?"
"Dean," Cas gasped out as he slid closer. The arms covering his face snaked around Dean's shoulder to hold on. Cas's face was tinted red, his eyes glazed over in lust. It was the first time he’d seen Cas in such a state, and it was breathtaking. "Yes, I can... I can take more."
“Are you saying I don’t have a nice singing voice? That’s quite hurtful.” Castiel said feigning sadness while fighting against laughing out loud. “I must try harder.”
“Didn’t you get the memo? The Scrooge storyline is tired and should be put to rest with its author.” Dean folded his arms over his chest as he shrugged Crowley off.
"Even if I was interested in him… I don't mess around with cheaters." Dean knocked his knee against Cas's. "Or assholes who hurt my friends."
Cas closed his eyes, enjoying the feel of Dean's strong arms around him and the way he was stroking over his back. He wanted to feel his hands everywhere on his body. "True… the really fucked up part is that I still… think of him sometimes. We were together for three years."
Cas nodded and gave Dean a smile. "Then I will leave everything to chance," he replied before he added, "And don't worry. Our child will be healthy."
It was the first time the two unnamed demons appeared hesitant. The taller one braced himself in a ready stance before he nodded to the witch.
Cas bit down on his lower lip with a soft sigh. "Thank you... It's just... I hope this... won't affect our friendship."
After Dean came out as bisexual in an interview with Out, it generated so much positive PR, the producers decided it was time to tap into the selling power of inclusivity. This season they were introducing a male love interest for Dan, and today was the first shoot with their newest co-star. Some guy named Castiel.
Cas couldn't help the chuckle that escaped his lips. "I think... our child will be in safe hands." He sighed and looked out of the window, the trees swaying and blurred, a rhythm in time with his thoughts. It was all a lot to take in, and Cas tried to concentrate on the here and now instead of the would be’s and if’s.
“I annoyed an ancient cosmic being. Again,” he started, holding back his laughter at the memory of what happened.
"If you do, the world will end," Naomi replied before she turned back to the portal. "Sam will be waiting at your home when you return."
“You and me both.” Dean got out of the car and met Cas on the other side before they started making their way toward the entrance. “And we’re gonna have to explain it to Sammy too.” Dean’s eyes widened then and he flashed Cas an insecure expression. “Maybe we should find a motel.”
He pulled out his fingers and grabbed Dean's hips, pulling him backwards onto his lap as he guided his erection to Dean's hole. "Relax, Dean," he murmured against his neck as Dean's tight hole slowly started to encase him.
The demon returned, but not with Crowley. Instead the witch, Rowena, was with him, and she looked startled. “I’m going to open the door, then I’ll restrain Castiel while you get the demon out and bring him to Fergus.”
He still had one eye on the angel, who seemed to be frozen in place. Now that the guy was free of whatever spell had been cast on him, Dean hoped Castiel wouldn’t decide to attack him. The angel was staring at him, his massive wings twitching, and clearly if Dean made one wrong move, it was over.
His co-star gave him a quick crooked smile. "Um... thanks. It's not really... Look, long story short, I had some experiences in the past with the same gender, and then decided to not ever have anything with a guy ever again."
"New place, Sammy keeps telling me I've got to try it." Dean smiled as he held the door open for Cas.
"Dean? Dean, you awake?" There was a muffled sound that could have been a groan or, more likely knowing Dean, cursed insults. "Dean, I know you need some space, but this is important."
Cas didn't even want to think about the before. He followed Dean to the cashier where he put the lube on the counter next to Dean's beer and chips. He paid for everything as he noticed the cashier's grin when he looked over the items. "Fun night planned, huh?"
ReiRei, thank you so much for having this crazy, wonderful idea and giving me very little time to think about whether I was actually going to participate, lol. Given more time to think, I probably wouldn't have joined in. And that would have been a damn shame because this has been such an awesome experience, and I'm so fucking proud of what I've accomplished with all of you! Thanks for baking cookies with me, cupcake. And I forgive you for murdering my love. ;P
"There you are!" Balthazar called out to him, causing Cas to freeze. He hoped the death glare he was giving Balthazar would convey the message that he didn't want to talk to him.
"To let demons in they wanted me to… breed with. One tried to clean out the cell… they learned from that mistake." Castiel nodded to the ash.
The demons quickly shoved Dean into the cage, the door slamming shut behind him. He struggled against the binds, but they were too strong, too tight. He could barely move.
"Don't ask stupid questions. Of course I am," Castiel growled into his ear. "How do we get them to open the door?"
When the moment finally came that the door was about to open and he would finally meet Dean, his heartbeat was out of control. The door slid open in a way too slow pace, and when Cas lifted his head he froze for a second.
And in a blur of images and color, Dean was back, next to Baby, trying to get his stomach to stop lurching. When he looked up, Crowley was gone and Dean couldn’t contain the sigh. He let out a mirthless laugh.
Cas had promised to give this whole thing a chance. Although he could hardly imagine meeting someone here he would actually ask to marry.
His face was etched in sorrow as he ignited the timber, then stepped back to stand next to Eileen. She took his hand in hers, as tears fell down his cheeks. “Goodbye, Dean. I hope you’re at peace now.”
When he turned around he was met with the bluest eyes he had ever seen. A man with messy, raven hair, and a five o'clock shadow framing lips that were just sinful. Blue eyes widened for a moment when he looked at Dean, followed by a surprised hitch of breath.
"I play an angel, and I will be your love interest," Castiel replied with a nod before giving him a grin. "And I watched a few episodes of the show beforehand. I'm looking forward to working with you. You're really good."
Dean let out a soft laugh. “It’s precome. Don’t worry.” He curled the three fingers and started a one-two rhythm in and out of Cas’s hole.
It went straight to Cas's cock. "Fuck, Bee," he growled before he leaned back, trying to get his breathing under control. "Text me later?"
Dean's other dates went well enough, but his thoughts were always on Cas. There was another guy called Benny, who sounded like fun, but Dean got the impression that he was into some kinky shit, like biting.
"All I could think of after The Empty took you was how there was going to be this hole inside me without you. Every time I've lost you, it's like you take my heart with you." Dean knelt in front of him and leaned in, pressing their foreheads together. "I'm just better with you, Cas. I don't know if I'm all those things you said, but I want to be. I want to be the man you see when you look at me. I want to be worthy of you."
But this time Dean had registered as a human by his instincts. Castiel squinted his eyes at Dean and he could clearly see a human side in that demon. It was all very peculiar.
In that moment, like a bad dream, Dean was rushed through the air, too fast to make sense of anything around him. And then it all stopped. Dean shook his head to reorient himself. Crowley had taken him to… he had trouble being able to tell. So many of the motel rooms had this exact layout.
Cas looked over at Dean, trying to give him a reassuring smile. "I... just don't want to make things weird between us."
“I…” Dean sighed and rubbed a circle around his mouth between his thumb and forefinger. “Shit, Cas. I’m nervous.”
He sat down on the couch with a fast beating heart, trying to listen out for if there was someone on the other side of the frosted glass. "H-hello?"
“Why’re we he–“ he started as he stepped further into the barn. Dean was stopped dead at the image before him.
Dean pursed his lips, an attempt to contain the smile threatening to come out. It was a helluva compliment. “So, uh… do we need to do it again?”
“Shit, man,” Dean breathed out through a laugh. “This should be nothing, right? Considering everything we’ve had to face down.”
There was a selfish voice inside of him; one he tried to ignore, but it had gotten louder. A voice reminding him that this was his chance for a life with Dean. A life that he had secretly wanted. Not this scenario of course, but being with Dean and making him happy. It was hard to smother the hope that Dean and him would grow even closer by sharing this.
Cas just stared at him, red cheeked and wide eyes. "That was... intense." He was still breathing hard before he swallowed visibly, looking away in shock and embarrassment.
"You think Sam won't approve of it?" Cas asked in surprise. Now Dean had added an extra worry to his plate. What if it caused a fight between the brothers? He didn't want to be the reason for that.
“Oh, no, something much more delicious.” Despite having a different accent, the woman spoke in a similar way to that smarmy limey dick. She gave some kind of signal to the tweedles, who pulled him over to the cage door.
Cas couldn't help but smile. "And I definitely can't fix a car. I can calculate the distance between Earth and the next pulsar, but believe me that skill rarely has a use in solving real life problems." Cas took a sip of the cocktail and grimaced again. "Do you also have an assortment of cocktails on your side that all contain pineapples?"
Cas gave him a look like a puppy caught pissing on the rug. "I'm really sorry for this. I promise I will try to pay more attention and concentrate on my mission. I... think it... was because this was my first time having sex... with you and it was... it felt a lot better than I anticipated."
Dean let out a surprised laugh. “The best fucking Lyft driver in the country apparently.” He opened the back passenger door for Cas and climbed in on the other side. “I can’t thank you enough for waiting, Kumail.”
Adorable, gullible angel. But then, this was definitely going to make it look real. Dean gasped, looking down at his own stomach. “I… I don’t know.”
"Of course," Cas replied immediately, feeling relieved and happy about Dean's answer. "I would like to have another date with you tomorrow."
Two brothers are recruited, despite their father's footsteps, to the Hunter Network, an underground operation of men and women, who seek to keep the rest of humanity alive and unaware of all the evils seeking to cause them harm; fighting supernatural beings of many kinds, including monsters, demons, and gods that roam the earth.
In an almost dazed, hypnotized state, Dean nodded and worked in a third digit. His own erection leaking, smearing against Cas’s hip.
Eeeek! We hope y'all like the way we ended it Thank you for all of the love! This was a blast to write! <3<3<3<3
Castiel gave Dean a soft peck on the lips, just because he could. It felt even better than he’d imagined, and he was glad it was no longer just a fantasy. “I approve of that plan. And hopefully it will help me to forget that song.”
Dean furrowed his brow and shook off the weird comment. “I can probably tell you what’s going on. Save us some time.”
She turned to Cas, her smile vanishing. "Heaven is on the brink of collapsing and I want to stop it. The last thing we all want is another apocalypse. I hope we all agree on that."
"I don't like drama, and before you point out the irony of my job, I play dramatic characters, I don't need them in real life too, and most people, uh… either get jealous or lonely, because I'm gone so often." Dean's smile turned broader. "S'why I usually just hook up with co-stars."
Talk about getting in the mood. Dean sighed and started unbuttoning his flannel shirt. “Should, uh… should we discuss what position?” Again.
He could hear Dean saying he was being taken outside too, so Cas followed the crew member through the corridor to another door, where he was asked to wait. A cameraman and another member from the crew, who had interviewed him on several occasions, asked him a few questions about how he was feeling, but it was hard to concentrate on the conversation when all his mind was filled with Dean, and the sheer amount of emotions running wild through his body in that moment.
He was surprised to hear that. Castiel had always thought all demons would thrive in hedonism. A part of him felt happy that Dean had liked what they had done just as much as he had. Of course, he felt guilty doing those things with a demon. But Dean… he was just different.
Cas nodded under his arm before he gasped, "Yeah, it just feels... so... unexpectedly good." A quick look at Cas's erection told him his angel was enjoying this. He was finally hard.
The Empty squinted its eyes at him. "No," it replied slowly before it tapped its finger hard against Cas's head. "Because there is nothing you could do that would deter me from my plans to torture you."
Castiel couldn't help the soft moan. It was hard to glare, feeling Dean like that. He leaned close to Dean's ear, whispering, "I hope you can share."
He pulled Dean closer to his body, tapping into his grace to concentrate on their connection. The thumping pulse that reverberated between them. "Can you feel that?" He moaned as he rocked up into Dean, in harmony with his movement.
“I sang him a Christmas song. Apparently he didn’t like it.” Castiel watched the confusion spread over Dean’s face.
Their fingers touched when Castiel took the cup with a grateful smile. "Thanks and um, no. I doubt it. I did some theatre, commercials, a few very cheap movies... and a movie with so many sex scenes it could have been porn."
He wasn't sure why he suddenly reacted with amusement seeing Dean's playful side. Castiel licked over his own fingers, spreading Dean's cheeks apart with the other hand before he circled his hole. When he pressed two fingers inside he could feel that Dean was still filled from their first time.
Cas’s head slowly fell forward until his forehead leaned against Dean's shoulder. A soft gasp escaped his lips before he hummed. “I think I get why we needed the lube.”
“Oh, man. Your brother’s an evil genius, but I’d kill Sam if he did that to me. If he even looked at my Dr. Sexy recordings…” Of course he wouldn’t actually kill Sam, but he’d put Nair in his shampoo, or something like that.
“I promise I’m not going anywhere. And, I don’t think The Empty would take me back, even if it was possible.” The memory of The Empty’s face as Castiel sang to it was one he wouldn’t forget in a long time, and he got the feeling it wouldn’t forget either.
He rubbed his hand over his neck and looked out of the window. "Yes," he breathed out after a moment. "Angels don't have a gender as you know... We can't reproduce with our own kind, but with a human... it's different. I have full control over the process. When we have... sex... I can choose to take your seed inside of my essence, my grace will mingle with your soul, giving it the power to create a new soul inside of my essence."
Now he needed to be a father to save the world, and that wasn't anything he had been trained for. Especially because it meant so much more to him now. This wasn't just a mission to save the world. And he knew Naomi didn't understand that, because she was thinking like an angel, the same way Cas had thought before he had met Dean. Before he had changed him. This wasn't an unemotional, practical decision.
Trex and Ruk, you make us better writers, and for that we are forever in your debt. And we love you for it.
Cas looked back at the picture skeptically before his gaze returned to Dean. "He’s a vegetarian and eats in a restaurant with a painting of a murdered cow?"
“Sorry, buddy, I’m not going that far.” The man looked apologetic, but he opened the passenger side door anyway. “I can take you as far as Rockwell City.”
"Thankfully the makeup covers most of them," Dean said with a laugh as he held his hand out for Cas to take.
Cas wasn't sure if Dean was flirting with him at that moment. If he was, that would have been a pretty bold pickup line. He nodded shyly at him. "No strings attached, hm? One night stands or casual sex never really worked out for me. I fall so easily for people. And always end up getting my heart broken. Especially by guys."
Cas knew she was right. "I… I want to help. Does it need to be Dean though? I don't want you to force him into this. He isn't responsible. I will comply, you have my word, but please… let Sam go."
As they held each other's gaze for the script-suggested twenty seconds, Dean said, "Uh, Sandy… we discussed this. Personal space."
Bobby rolled his eyes. "Well, tough luck. You’ll be getting an angel partner whether you like it or not. We finally ended our negotiation with Heaven in our fight against monsters and demons, and this is how it’s going to work. They will send three angels down to work with us. And you're going to babysit one of them. I need my best hunters on this, to see what they are up to here."
Castiel remembered one Christmas when he’d switched the radio to a station that was only playing Christmas songs. When
“That’s exactly what I plan on doing, sweetheart.” Crowley lifted his hand to the demon’s face and ran his finger down his cheek. “Castiel’s going to love you.”
Cas really liked the feeling of Dean's hand on his knee. He sighed and looked at Dean. "He seems to be interested in you. I hate to say it, but he is really good in bed." Why the fuck did he say that? He really didn't want Dean to have sex with Balthazar.
Not this one though. Especially the junkless part. Castiel was gasping out Dean's name against his kiss-swollen lips as he leaned back and searched his eyes for something. For a moment, Castiel looked like he had much more control over himself, yet never faltering in the rough, hard pace. "You feel... feel so good."
Even more peculiar was the fact how much he had liked having sex with Dean. Not that he had a lot of experience in that area, but he was still very sure that what he felt had been extraordinary. Dean was a mystery to him. He could feel something connect, echo in his essence when they were joined.
"I... I just really want to see you alre–" Cas got interrupted by the crew opening the door to the pod, waving at him. His eyes widened. "Do I get to see him?"
"What do you mean?" Cas asked as he leaned back against the backrest. A part of his shoulder touched Dean's arm, and he felt comfort in that.
They were standing outside a barn that looked oddly familiar, and as Billie pushed open the doors to walk inside, the silence was disturbed by a hacking cough coming from the vicinity near the back wall.
"Um, I'm wearing a blue nerdy Marvel t-shirt. Dark blue jeans. I have very dark brown hair that almost looks black, and blue eyes," Cas described thoughtfully.
"Pretty sure I only got the role of Ghost of Christmas Present because I have red hair," a familiar voice stated behind him. When Dean turned around, he nearly choked.
With a quick goodbye, and a promise to bring pizza, Dean disconnected the call with his brother and turned to Cas. "Naomi kept her end of the deal."
Cas raised his eyebrows and looked around as if he just had realized that he had done it again. He gave Dean a sheepish look. "I apologize," he murmured and stepped back.
"Always at war with yourself. Even when you were howling at the moon with me, you could never pick a side." He sighed, turning away. "And this? Well, darling, this is probably your lowest low."
Charlie touched his shoulder again and the scenery changed. They were in the bunker and Dean was standing in the kitchen next to Eileen and Sam. It looked like they were about to kiss, but Sam pulled away with a sigh. “I can’t. I’m sorry. I… I should try to find Dean. I’m worried about Cas. He hasn’t answered any of my texts.”
"Oh, he’s getting another angel. I got three of them, remember?" Bobby grunted before holding the file out to Dean. "I need you to do this. I don't trust these feathery suit-monkeys."
He forgot his train of thought when Dean pushed him backwards and down onto his bed, pinning him down at his wrists as he deepened the kiss. He was breathing hard when he looked at Cas, leaning back a little. "I was wrong. It's already started to get annoying again, but... you know what?" Dean smirked at him. "You can make it up to me."
"I've not thought about sex in general. It doesn't matter for me if it's a man or a woman. I had thought about it when I was human... but no... usually I don't," Cas admitted. A few times he had thought of Dean when he had been human. But it had left him frustrated and sad, because it was something he couldn't have.
Castiel shrugged, looking slightly uncomfortable. "It's just an acting job. I mean, I also played a serial killer once... you know? And it’s not…" He shook his head. “It’s not completely outside of my sexuality,” he added quietly.
“Well, well, well, Castiel. You finally found a demon you’d rather fuck than smite. I suppose this means we won’t get to torture you this time.”
She flashed them both a pained smile. “Uh, okay,” she said as she started laying out the dishes. “Our five least ordered items are… sweet breads, monkey brains, bull penis, balut, and cuy.” As she stood up she said, “Maybe don’t google what some of those are.”
“I’m going to miss torturing you.” Crowley picked at his fingers absentmindedly. “I torture all my friends. It’s how I show love.”
"I know just the place," he said as he pressed a quick kiss to Castiel's lips. It was hidden. And large. And had countless bedrooms. Which meant lots of places to fuck.
Cas laughed and nodded, although Dean couldn’t see him. “I’m sure we will get a real drink if we complain to the crew.” He smiled softly as he stood up from the ground. “See you tomorrow, Dean. I’m looking forward to talking to you again.”
Crowley stifled a yawn; he’d heard it all before, and he was growing tired of this conversation. “I look forward to it… what’s your name,
"I'm gonna take a wild shot in the dark here and say… he owes you money?" Dean's lips were curled in a smug grin.
Dean chuckled, ignoring how good his co-star smelled, and whispered back, “I don’t think there’s anything you can do.”
Castiel licked at his exposed throat, biting him again. “I can feel you twitching around me. You like it,” the angel murmured against Dean’s skin as he started to fuck him at a slow but deep pace, hiking up his legs a little higher so he could push in even deeper.
Dean groaned. “You’re punishing me because Simon got hurt. I can hunt alone until he’s back on his feet.”
Damn, he really liked the guy. His nervousness was adorable as fuck, his voice was doing things to him, he also had a meddling brother who’d made him do this, and now they had the same favourite show. “If you tell me you also love classic rock and burgers, I’ll have to marry you.”
The Empty rolled its eyes. "Dean, Dean, Dean. You're like a broken record. But I tell you, a few years with me and you'll forget about those pathetic feelings." The Empty slithered closer and smirked. "I'll make you wish you could die exactly as much as I want to sleep."
Crowley stood and walked around from behind his desk to examine the demon. He looked murderous as his black eyes glared at him furiously.
When the little plastic mug filled with the caramel macchiato pod, he drew it to his lips and gently blew before he took his first sip. Dean groaned and closed his eyes.
"I will make you forget about that song," Dean said with a raised eyebrow. Although it was worded as a threat, Dean looked very playful in that moment before he drew him into a deep kiss again.
"No." Cas shook his head, the shy look back in place. "It feels... No one ever touched me like this before."
RayRay, I can't believe our paths hadn't crossed until this year! I bless these two for letting me play in your playground, for introducing me to such a beautiful person. You've been such a positive influence on me, and it's so strange to realize in less than a year I have become your writing partner in more ways than I could have foreseen. I am so freakin' stoked about your current project, and I consider myself so lucky to be getting the inside scoop! (Be jealous, y'all. You just don't even know!) I hope I get the chance to meet you in person someday, lovie. 🌈
"I know what you mean," Cas replied in a soft and calm voice. "I... I'm trying not to imagine what you look like but it's really hard. But actually I'm glad that I can’t see you. I'm never brave enough to 'chat up' people." Dean could hear the quotation marks in Cas’s words. It was really cute. “Getting to know you like this, it’s really nice. I just hope… you won’t be disappointed if we decide to… you know… go through with anything.”
Castiel wanted to know where Sam had been, but he was more concerned with what was wrong with Dean. “What’s wrong with him? Is he hurt?”
Dean sighed and shook his head. “You think I give a shit I’m dead? Get me back now. I need to find Cas.”
The cold wind was pulling at his trenchcoat as Cas and Dean waited at the portal to Heaven for Naomi to appear. Sam had been gone for almost a day before they had finally gotten the message that he had been kidnapped by Heaven, and Naomi wanted to talk, tell them her demands.
Dean sighed as he leaned against Baby’s hood, trying to process everything he just saw. He pulled out his cellphone and stared at Cas’s name, finger hovered over the call icon.
Without hesitating, he pulled both of Cas’s hands close, and to his lips, exhaling heated breath on his fingers. “You’re freezing.”
Cas's hot breath and moans were mingling with his own, his parted and inviting lips rocking closer with every thrust.
Dean's hand curled around the back of Castiel's neck, thumb stroking through his hair. "Why didn't you call? I would have come and picked you up."
As for all of our amazing readers, you guys are the real MVPs. Your support, your love, your kudos and comments truly helps fuel the fire with our writing. I cannot thank you enough and we hope you enjoy the final story for our advent calendar. Happy Holidays and Merry Impeachmas! ❤️❤️❤️
"Uh, you'd be on all fours, and I'd be behind you. Like, uh… like dogs." When Dean was completely naked he moved to lay on the bed, but as he did so, he hit the back of his head against the headboard. "Fuck," he groaned as he sat upright.
“Oh, I love how spirited you are.” Turning to his minion, Crowley said, “Take, ‘bite me,’ to Castiel.”
Castiel was right beside him with a beat of his wings, warning him with a hissed, “Close your eyes!” Dean reacted instinctively, shielding his eyes with his arm as everything went bright. He could hear the demons scream before the one he was holding crumbled to ash under his fingers.
for you, Dean.” Charlie grinned as she lifted her arms. “I’m the Ghost of Christmas Present, and I’m here to show you what’s going on right now. Just without any muppets.“
Castiel had been consigned to The Empty once before - no, twice - and it was just as dark and filled with nothingness then as it was now. He wanted to get out of there just as much this time, even though he’d just confessed his love to Dean and didn’t know if Dean felt the same.
Balthazar's eyes raked over Cas's form in apparent appreciation. "It's been really good seeing you again."
“Hell no. We are not pulling some poor sap into this mess.” Dean started walking toward the Impala, parked in an abandoned dirt lot approximately a quarter of a mile south. “She said it needed to be me, so… it’s me.”
His eyes suddenly flashed to a very human green and he straightened his stance. "Buddy, you picked the wrong guy for whatever
The man on the other side of the hallway… Dean… He was the most gorgeous man Cas had ever laid eyes on. Like a supermodel or actor is beautiful. His breath caught in his throat as his feet carried him forward without thinking, walking turning into running before he was finally standing in front of Dean, only a small gap separating them.
"You mean..." Cas looks down at himself. There was the same expression he had when Dean took him to that brothel. "There?"
A strong hand slid down on Dean's naked body, the other still holding Dean by the throat, and trailed its way to Dean's nipples, circling and teasing to make them hard. "Yes," the angel replied in a husky voice, "human. Need to… need to breed you."
Cas seemed to be aware now of his state of undress, and he looked away with a shy expression before he slowly approached the bed. He swallowed visibly before he turned around on all fours, staring at the blanket under him as if it was the most interesting thing. "Um, like this?"
"No," he said with a small smile as the waitress brought over their beers. He took a sip and continued, "Other than apparently being a heartbreaker. But in my defense, I've never lied about my lack of interest in any kind of romantic relationship."
Dean hated that only ten seconds in, and he could already tell this would be the best sex he ever had.
Cas was really happy to hear that. "I'm very okay with that. And I could really use a boys’ night to clear my head."
"It's very long ago for me, too. My last relationship wasn’t so great," Cas murmured. before he asked a little more clearly. "So what are you looking for in a partner?"
"I couldn't imagine anyone better, or anyone I would rather have to do this with, Dean." He shook his head. "Please don't get me wrong. You're my best friend. And I'm glad you have my back in this... I just... I just never thought about having a child, and it's daunting." What was also daunting was the fact that he just couldn't imagine Dean doing anything intimate with him, touching him in a sexual way. He looked at Dean, feeling embarrassed. "I know that since I'm in a male body I'm not attractive to you. I just hope that isn't going to be an issue and you will be able to... perform. I... I will do whatever is necessary to help with that."
Cas hated how much Balthazar's touches still affected him. Three years of a very sexually driven relationship had left its mark. There were a lot of good times, times when he had been incredibly happy because of this man, who was funny and generous and adventurous.
Crowley’s expression turned angry, and when he spoke, he didn’t have that irritating note of confidence in his tone, “You forget that you’re my pets. I hold all the cards, and you will do as I command.”
Dean was suddenly, incredibly grateful for the marketability of his sexuality, especially if it meant that at some point, he was going to get to shoot makeout scenes with this greek god. He took his hand, suddenly wide awake. “Likewise.”
“I promise,” Dean said, sounding serious for the first time. “But seriously… it would have to be Dr. Sexy himself for that to happen. And you’ll tell me if you find someone better?”
"Money." Castiel shrugged before giving him another smirk. "You still haven't told me why that one director is not nice." He took a sip from his coffee, a low moan rivaling a porn star falling from his lips. "Oh, this is just what I needed."
“You okay, Cas?” Dean asked, but he didn’t stop moving, he started to pick up the pace instead, his hard cock now dragging along Cas’s bare hip.
And then Dean realized he was probably wording the search badly. When he typed, “how-to prepare for anal,” finally some actual guides popped up. “Finally,” Dean breathed out and opened the first link.
“I get it!” Dean yelled as he threw a punch, that went right through Crowley. He shook his head and sighed. “I get it. I’m a dick. Just take me back.”
Dean hummed and took a sip of the water already on the table. "I wonder if he did this to fuck with me."
Cas rubbed the back of his neck. “You’re right, that’s really not something we need.” He looked down at the lube in his hand, turning it over. “This doesn’t have a manual.”
He pulled back just enough to be able to look into Castiel's eyes, then shook his head. "Y'know, never mind. You're here. That's what's important."
"I can't answer that, Dean. As you know, my experience in that area is extremely limited," Cas replied as he finally got into the car. His thoughts were in chaos, and he was having a hard time concentrating and accepting the situation, and what needed to happen to save Heaven.
"Yes," he breathed out. "Yes, I will marry you," he repeated a little bit louder, determined and happy.
"I don't have a phone," Castiel replied before he started to fuck him even harder, pushing Dean’s legs higher and further apart. Dean was completely at the angel’s mercy as he rammed his cock even deeper.
Castiel put on his saddest face, and hung his head. “I know, and I’m not looking forward to it. But maybe if I sing to myself I can endure it more easily.”
After he let Castiel know that the plan was still on, but Crowley wouldn't buy it if Dean was magically pregnant after the Bond monologue, Dean had spent the next couple of days watching the move of every single demon that came in and out of the room.
Castiel raised his eyebrow before he started to laugh. "Ah, I'm not afraid. I have a good feeling about this."
Without missing a beat, he stepped forward to hug her, only to be rebuffed by the fact that she was, in fact, a ghost. “Charlie?”
Cas knew he was blushing. "Thanks, you do, too." His eyes wandered over Balthazar's biceps. "Have you been going to the gym?"
“Och, no. Ye won’t be needing that. I’m just going to…” the woman said in a thick Scottish accent as her eyes began to glow purple, and she started chanting some kind of incantation that made the wardings on his restraints glow the same color. He could feel them tightening as she smirked at him.
Dean shrugged. “I have no idea, not when it comes to bringing another kid into this fucked up world, but let’s… fuck, let’s just… have some real damn privacy.”
Not that the thought of sex with Cas repulsed him. Honestly, he found himself intrigued by it. Kind of… interested. And it really mattered to Dean, that he makes it good for Cas.
And it wasn’t fair how bad that made Dean feel. Brushing off the strange emotion, he let out another cry of pain. He looked up into fiercely concerned blue eyes. “No, it’s… I’ve never felt this.”
"Thought we were. After getting me to eat friggin’ guinea pig…" Dean shuddered and gave him a pointed look. "You're stuck with me now."
Dean gazed back at him, seemingly awestruck, his tongue running across his bottom lip. When he found his voice, he whispered, “Did I die and go to Heaven? Are you an angel?” He lifted his hand and brought it to Cas’s cheek, gently stroking his thumb across the skin.
Dean shoved the file at Castiel, pushing it against his chest. "Then how about you read the case file?" He pulled away and whipped out the keys for Dan's iconic Pontiac Firebird Trans AM. "I'll drive."
“Not yet. You need to understand how Castiel came to be in this condition. How he sat in the freezing cold for so long, thinking only of you, that he developed pneumonia. He has been alone for so long that he can’t remember feeling anything but pain.”
"I can't. We're just here to watch, Dean." She sighed and shook her head again. "Only you can save him... if you change your present."
Two demons. Two demons were standing in his way. Dean just needed to wait for the moment they were stupid enough to take off his restraints. He could already feel the hum of the blade, willing it closer to whatever hellhole he had been dragged to. Hopefully his brother too.
As the keurig came to life, Dean remembered to put a fresh cup just below the stream. He was momentarily distracted by Castiel’s tone. “Well, not really. I mean… you know what you’ve been cast for, right?”
Cas was interrupted mid horrible tune as he suddenly fell from a steep height into a wide corn field, blue sky above him.
He could practically see the moment it clicked. Fucking finally. Castiel rolled his eyes before he nodded tersely. “Crowley!” he yelled again towards the door before he wrapped Dean in his arms. “I’m ready,” he whispered in Dean’s ear.
"That sounds very nice," Cas replied softly, before he added a question that sounded incredibly insecure. "When was the last time you had a passenger on your road trips?"
Dean held his gaze for a moment before turning his attention straight ahead again. “You’re not… unattractive to me.” Dean said so quietly, that if Cas didn’t have angelic hearing, he might not have heard it.
“No… I think I like this better than the other one. That felt… degrading somehow,” Cas murmured after a moment.
He gave Dean a soft smile as he walked past him into the restaurant, which looked very cozy and new age-y. Dark brown wooden tables and benches, accentuated by lush green plants hanging from the ceiling and green pillows on the benches, were standing in front of big windows with a view of the ocean.
It was funny to see how Castiel immediately dropped his expression and returned to his own personality. "Thank you," he replied with a bright smile. "It's really a lot of fun to work with you. You make it very easy."
in his head, but the key was impossibly phallic. The demon unlocked the door and Dean was shoved inside an overly large room with a lone cage in the center, minus the Hannibal Lector artwork, and a woman with long red hair cascading down a small frame.
"You said before that sex between two men isn't that different from sex between a man and a woman. And you have a lot of experience with that. Can't you just apply that knowledge?" Cas asked after a moment, feeling frustrated that he couldn't contribute.
Dean smiled and handed Cas the mug. "That's kind of you. Have I seen you in anything?" Besides the wet dream Dean absolutely knew this man would star in later tonight.
On instinct Dean stepped back, colliding with the bars. He flashed his eyes back to their human green. "Not just a demon," he said, slowly sliding away from the angel's approach.
The minion disappeared out into the hallway, then returned a few moments later with a struggling creature bound in warded restraints to stop him escaping.
She waved her hand once more, and the scene changed again. They were standing in a clearing next to a funeral pyre. A body wrapped in cloth was lying on top of it, and Sam was holding a lighter ready in his hand while Eileen stood back, watching.
Merry Christmas to you all! This Destiel Advent Calendar was a thank you to all of our readers, who supported us in the past with comments, kudos and recs. I‘m very grateful for all the love we got from you and although the time of our favourite show is coming to an end, I hope our paths will still cross in the future. As for destiel writing projects, there is still a lot more coming from mugglerock and me next year! So please subscribe to our ao3 or follow us on tumblr.
The charming smile was back on Castiel's face. "No, don't worry about that. It has never been a problem before. And I did that gay 'can't believe it was not porn' thing after my decision. So, I'm good."
"Oh, god..." Castiel started laughing, shaking his head. "Please don't look it up. It was horrible."
Castiel melted into the hug, enjoying the way it felt to be held by the man he loved, as he murmured into Dean’s collarbone. “I’m glad to be back. When The Empty threw me out, I landed in Iowa; it’s taken me hours to get here.”
Castiel was presently holding those two bars again, having probably resigned himself to the long game to escape.
Billie shook her head. “We are here to observe, not to intervene. Nothing can be done for Castiel. He’s been sick for too long, and without the money for treatment, all he can do now is hope for a swift death.”
"Yeah," Dean said as he grabbed a couple of bags of chips and a six pack of beer as well. At Cas's bemused head tilt, Dean shrugged and said, "For after."
When Charlie waved to him, he nodded and stood straight again. That was when he caught a little discoloration at the corner of Castiel’s mouth. A little coffee stain. Dean tapped his own mouth and said, “You might want to get a touch up.”
She turned to Dean, her tone sounding as if she was talking to a child, "Then billions of souls will fall down to earth, turning into vengeful spirits as Heaven collapses, everyone who dies afterwards will be forever lost in the Veil."
That was met with a deep groan as Dean reached his other hand back and doubled down on his ministrations on Castiel's wings. "Won't take long," he groaned.
"From what I've heard," Dean said as he gently drew back to look at Cas, "it takes half the time of the relationship to get over it. So six more months to go."
Cas bit down on his lower lip, getting lost in Balthazar's eyes. "I'm really glad you got help. I… Do you think it’s working? That you could be honest in a relationship now?"
Castiel hated how much this was a better plan than to wait for the iron bars to corrode. Those things were clearly designed to hold an angel and very hard to manipulate.
When Charlie called, “Action,” Dean stepped forward and slammed his fist on the desk in front of Bobby.
Not that he would ever forget the mindset of that moment. One of his many regrets. Lying to Cas to get him to leave.
Cas scoffed. "Every one of my exes did. That's why I don't date guys anymore. I'm fed up with getting cheated on and my heart broken."
I just noticed that I write "mugglerock and I" a lot cuz for me it feels like we are one unit. lol. So just a few quick words to my writing partner: We started writing in 2016 and since then we accomplished so much together. My word count on ao3 is at 2285506 now and it's all because you found me and kindly offered your time to help me out as a beta. Which quickly resorted into us writing together and also quickly spoiled me soooooo much that it's just super hard to write on my own now. I love you, my little creative muse, demon and partner in crime.
Crowley stared him dead in the eye. "Don't you, though?" And they were spinning off again to what Dean assumed would be another grand fuck up.
Cas was tense under him, his body trembling softly, his voice almost a growl, "Well, the goal is for you to have an orgasm inside of me, so that shouldn't be a problem."
Cas forgot everything around them, lost every thought in his mind. His lips tingled from the contact and it just felt like they were made for each other, his body perfectly fitting in Dean's arms. "Dean," he murmured breathlessly. "I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you."
And the only way Dean was going to survive this was to test the limitations of whatever spell the angel was under. "Hey… hey. Do you… do you understand me?" he whispered, craning his neck away from the roving mouth.
"You already know what you need to do." Charlie touched Dean's chest and gave him a sad nod. Dean noticed that she was becoming more transparent. "To say something cheesy… follow your heart."
A sudden thought struck him then, that Sam and Cas would really like each other. Hopefully one day he'd be able to introduce them.
He was mildly grateful that his mother had made it out of there alive; mostly because she’d been able to announce the news of the pregnancy. A pregnancy that the creatures involved were apparently unaware of, if their actions were any indication.
Dean nodded, biting his lip to stifle the groan as that gargantuan dick dragged over his prostate. "We get outta here, I'll give you my number." He managed to undulate his hips again, the scrape of the fabric ripping drowned out by the slapping of skin on skin to the rhythm of a brutal drum.
Cas sat up, kneeling on the bed with his back to Dean as he took in a few deep breaths. "I... I am sorry, Dean. I promise I'll try harder." Dean could see how he bit hard on his lower lip and resumed his position on the bed again, spreading his legs.
“Cas!” Dean called out, trying to get the guy’s attention, with no luck. After several minutes of watching Cas do nothing, he huffed, “What’s the point of this? He’s the one who
"Okay…" Dean withdrew both fingers to get some more lube. He rubbed a soothing circle on Cas's inner thigh as he gently pushed at Cas's hole again, this time with more lube.
The red lines guided his eyes down and over a flat stomach, sharp hip bones peeking out of low hanging suit pants that had seen better days.
That was a pretty easy task. It was a lot more difficult to keep his own emotions in check. Dean was a player, someone who wasn't interested in any romance. And the last thing Cas wanted was to develop feelings for someone who wasn't right for him.
"Dean… I'm not good with references and innuendos. I need you to be clear. Do you want… do you want our relationship to change?" Cas inhaled an audible breath. "To something different than brothers?"
Dean nodded and quietly departed, flashing Cas a look he couldn't decipher before turning and walking away.
Castiel looked at him with parted lips before he breathed out, “Hello, Dean.” HIs two fingers started fucking into him at a rough pace. “I don’t want to hurt you,” he murmured quietly, “But I have to take you now.”
She began chanting again, but this time it seemed to be directed at the angel, rather than Dean. His hands let go of the bars of the cage, and his arms hung limply at his side, as if he no longer had control over them.
At Cas’s small smile, Dean could no longer resist and leaned in close for a quick kiss. He could have sworn he heard Kumail mutter, “Finally,” but Dean was clearly mistaken.
There was a tear running down Cas's cheek as he bit down on his lip. "No," he finally breathed out. "I... I failed to do it. I'm... I'm sorry."
Apparently it didn't. Balthazar was giving him his trademark charming smile. "Hey, I know you're pissed at me, but can we talk about this?"
Chuck seriously had no imagination. “Billie. Isn’t Death being the Ghost of Christmas Future cliche?”
Dean suddenly became aware of the voice of that British asshole, who must have come into the room while they were fucking.
“We’re a specialty restaurant,” she said. “We have special permits, and chefs trained to handle these dishes.”
This time Castiel knew he had a big grin on his face, but he couldn’t hide it anymore. This was too much fun.
As Dean was about to reply, Castiel grasped him by the shoulder and he widened his eyes right before Charlie yelled, "Cut!"
The tweedles would be coming in in three minutes. It was clockwork. The only difference today was the witch was nowhere in sight.
To the readers, I fully realize that you're probably reading this fic because you follow one or more of my coauthors. As you should! You have no idea the fics that are heading your way in the next year! I'm so psyched to see what you all think of them, and am only slightly bragging about getting to read them first. X'D
He felt the way the fabric ripped, which means he must have gotten one of the sigils. The spellwork released the strangle hold with an almost yawn of an exhale. Dean shook his arms out and started unraveling the fabric. He pushed himself to his feet, and held the douche-nozzle’s gaze. “But you don’t,” he said as he held the binds loose in his hand.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck, cheeks coloring a darker shade. “I, um… I meant for the, uh… the sex.”
"What is 'doggy style'?" Cas asked before he stood up, peeling out of his trenchcoat and opening his shirt. He still didn’t look at Dean.
“Do you know how to use it?” Cas asked, hoping this was where Dean’s experience would come in handy.
Cas's heart skipped several beats and it was hard to catch his breath. Was this crazy? Was he really agreeing to marry someone he had never met? Just from the connection he was feeling? His brain screamed at him for being crazy, but his heart was so much louder.
Charlie shook her head, giving him a sad smile. She touched his shoulder and, like before, the scenery changed for them. He found himself standing at a frozen lake, looking down to a pier. It was snowing, and it was freezing cold.
The door creaked slightly, and he fought not to show his disappointment at the sight of Sam. His friend had a look of disbelief on his face, though he should probably be used to those he cared for returning from their deaths. Or in his case, lack of one.
“You keep on telling yourself you can get out of this, if it makes you feel better.” Crowley smirked and stepped closer to the cage. “Now make me that baby, and I won’t torture you… today.”
Cas leaned into his hand, averting his eyes in shame. "I don't know... I think I was too... um, distracted."
Crowley stared at the screen on his desk, watching as the angel and demon killed his demons, then made their escape. He couldn’t help the satisfied smile that spread across his face; yes, they were leaving with the child he was determined to add to his collection, but he would get it back, one way or another.
Cas's eyes followed the movement of Dean's tongue with a soft gasp. "It really is. Especially with how much I miss sex." He looked up at Dean in regret. "But yeah, I'm still working through my last heartbreak. I really don't need another, no matter how tempting."
"Good," he murmured as he started whimpering, allowing himself to sink into Castiel's embrace. They had one shot at this.
“Fuck yeah I do,” Dean groaned out, and before he could stop himself, he crushed his lips against the angel’s.
And there was the disappointment again. “I’m sorry about that, well… hopefully having to kiss me won’t make it worse.”
And there had been a lot of ‘em over the years. Then his younger self stormed into the room. Young Dean had grabbed one of Sam’s bags and ripped it open. Throwing every single item he pulled out of it to the floor.
Dean groaned as he started riding Castiel at a faster pace. "What needed to be done," he gasped out.
When Dean settled into the driver’s seat and started the engine, he braced his arm along the backrest and looked at Cas. “So… how’s this whole thing gonna work?”
Dean looked startled at first, but when his eyes fluttered shut Castiel knew he’d made the right decision.
"Good ol' Wings. Except he was rather wingless here, wasn't he? Powerless, homeless, just… less. But you've always been a man divided." The bastard just stared at the broken version of Cas, pity and something more in his eyes.
Dean chuckled as he looped his arms around Castiel's neck. "We get them to open the door, but we need to distract them enough the witch doesn't cast that spell on you. I'm guessing you're fast?"
“Honestly, I only thought about you, so I rushed through my other dates this morning.” He could hear Cas clearing his throat. “I’m going to put all my cards on the table here. You’re the only one I’m interested in going further with.”
Cas leaned forward to grab the fruity looking cocktail. He wasn't really good at dating, and he really hoped a little alcohol would help him loosen up and relax. "I'm Cas. It's a shortened version of my name. Um, Castiel." He gulped down a very huge amount of that drink before realising it was something with pineapple in it. He grimaced and put it back on the table, grabbing the water to get rid of the taste. "I… I fear I'm not very good at dating," he confessed. "I… I don't know what to ask first. This is such a weird situation."
Realising he should probably say something about the other stuff Cas mentioned, he quickly added, "Sorry about your childhood though. That sounds rough."
Whether that was an actual excuse, or Charlie was doing him a real solid, either way Dean was grateful. “How long before you need us, boss?”
Dean’s eyes did roll to black then, he didn’t realize he could replicate the high he got from using the blade.
“I mean, why should we… let this change our relationship, you know?” Dean shrugged again. “You’re my best friend, Cas.”
"Yeah, I'm definitely in," Cas replied as he touched Dean's shoulder. "Thank you… for going after me, distracting me."
Cas needed a few moments to understand what Naomi was insinuating. "You're asking us to create a child just to give it up for Heaven?"
“Heya, Cas. How’s your day been?” Dean crossed all his fingers, desperately hoping that Cas wasn’t going to tell him he’d met someone better.
Cas bit his lower lip before he pulled out his phone and typed in Dean's words. The first result was a video that he clicked. There were two naked men, one muscled and had a lot of tattoos, the other was thinner and smaller. The tattooed man was bending the smaller one over the couch and roughly spreading the other man’s ass cheeks apart, before licking him. The smaller man cried out in what seemed to be either lust or pain. The whole scene made Cas feel very embarrassed, and he swallowed dryly as he involuntarily wondered if that was what Dean was going to do with him.
He leaned back in his spot, grabbing the iron bars he had worked on for days now. He resonated his grace within a low frequency, slowly wearing the metal down until it started to corrode. He wasn't sure how long it would take. But it was a start to work on getting out of the cage in an undetected way.
“Do you want me to return to Heaven and report that the new alliance with human hunters failed?” Castiel asked with a quirked eyebrow. “That we remove all our assistance to return to the actual battlefield that my superiors recalled me from to assist a human in his mundane hunts?”
That made sense. No wonder Cas had felt… uncomfortable. And maybe that was what was making things awkward in that moment still. Instead of sitting between Cas's legs, Dean moved, settling along Cas's side. As his hand slipped between Cas's legs, he leaned close. "Is this better?"
The expression of The Empty was hard to read. It was a mixture of shock, fear, and pain fighting for dominance as the entity was frozen in front of Cas. "Stop those grating noises!" it suddenly begged in a broken voice.
For some reason that didn't sit right with Cas. He really didn't want to miss out on it. "Oh, no, we will do that! You said something about an adventure, and I am in."
Dean didn’t know what Sam was thinking when he’d put Dean’s name down for this ridiculous dating show. He’d grumbled something about “I’m sick of your whining about being single, and you’re doing this whether you like it or not. Okay?”
"I'm here to assist and help you, Dan. That is my mission," Cas explained, hoping it came across as a company line that his character didn't believe in anymore. That he healed Dan because he had wanted to make him feel better, not because his illness was wasting time on their case.
“Sammy traced your cell phone,” he answered simply as he leaned over to turn Cas’s attention back to him with a gentle grasp at his chin.
He knew effects would add an ethereal glow to his hand. He counted to three in his head before he murmured softly, "You had food poisoning. Are you feeling better now?"
"Why does what I think matter at all?" Dean gently patted his cheek and drew back. "Last I checked, there's no right or wrong way to cope. But say the word and we can have a boys’ night in Vegas."
"Fuck," Dean hissed, ignoring the fact that he hadn't been lying, that under any other circumstances… He used the momentum to get part of the bind against that rusted metal. He also ignored the fact that all eyes were on Castiel.
Should he ask Cas again, for real? Was it too soon? Dean discovered that he wasn’t panicking at the thought, even though he should be… surely?
"Well, you're looking good," Balthazar said before he turned to Dean. He stepped forward, hand outstretched in search of a shake. "And I wanted to tell you how damn touching that article was."
"Um..." Okay, that was disgusting. “Why would they put up a painting like that? Your brother doesn’t have very weird tastes, that you know of, right?”
“If Cas had still been here, he could have healed him. Or maybe even stopped him from going into a nest of werepires alone.”
“What would we need that for?” Castiel was surprised how many things humans obviously seemed to need just to reproduce.
“Cas,” Dean said as he poured some of the lube on his fingers. He used the dry hand to part his cheeks. “Just try to relax.”
Before he could press the button, however, an icy chill ran through him as another figure appeared in the road. She was tall and imposing, and the cloak she wore was one he hadn’t seen before. The scythe was all too familiar though.
He and Dean would create a life together, a person. Someone they would love. Someone who would change their lives in a massive way.
He could hear shuffling from the other side of the frosted wall before Cas replied in a deep and raspy voice, "Yeah, me too." His voice was closer, as if he was sitting right behind the wall. "How did your brother force you into this?"
Dean leaned in close, licking a swipe up the shell of Cas's ear before he whispered, "Lebanon, Kansas. And hurry."
"We need the energy of a nephilim. A strong one," Naomi explained. "You're our strongest seraph left… and Dean is the Righteous Man. We need a nephilim created by the two of you."
Billie’s features softened, and with a snap of her fingers, they were back with his Baby. “Some things are too important to fuck around with,” she said, before disappearing in a gust of wind that sent some of the snowflakes swirling into the air.
“But I thought you were a fan of torture,” Castiel said. "The way you spoke about it was very enthusiastic."
Naomi took in a deep breath. "Alright, I'll return him. If Dean won't help, we will need two children from you. You should hurry and find a strong human who will impregnate you. There isn't much time."
What possessed him, Dean would probably never know, but he grabbed Cas’s hand and held it. Taking his cue from Charlie’s suggestion, he said, “I’m sorry that I put my grief before yours. I’m sorry I tried to kill our son. And I’m sorry I made you think that you aren’t one of the most important people in my life.”
"Lube. What is that?" Cas asked after a moment, wondering why Dean had parked in front of a pharmacy.
“And I’m stealing it,” Cas replied dryly before he started coughing. “I think I really wouldn’t mind talking more in a warm place.”
"Ah, you're a lifesaver." Castiel stepped even closer, giving him a warm smile. "First day on a new job is always weird."
Dean scrubbed his hand over his face as he stood over the craft table, willing the keurig to brew faster as he stifled a yawn. They were getting a way too early start to the newest season of
Swallowing the lump in his throat, he said those words again, but this time with more feeling. “Cas, will you marry me?”
Dean looked impressed. "That right? What was it? The petty whiny complaining? The vomiting? The insistence on personal space when most of the time…" Dean said as he stepped close to Cas, "Dan's the one invading the personal space first?"
Damn, if they decided to shoot sex scenes, Dean was going to have to tape down his junk. "Gabe's professional, but he doesn't go easy on us, whereas Charlie lets us have breaks."
With renewed vigor, Dean started rubbing against Cas's pucker again, gently pushing the tip of his finger inside. "You tell me if it hurts."
A strong hand grasped his bicep, then the world swam as Crowley taunted him, "There's no rest for the wicked, love."
"As you wish," he relented, whisking him back to Baby's side. "I truly do miss you, Squirrel." Brushing a wispy hand over Dean's cheekbone, he added, "Give my love to the queen."
Cas looked down at them before his eyes met Dean's. "Your semen is on my leg. Please hold on until you're inside of me."
Cas couldn't help but laugh again. "He is the life of the party, do you really want to trade that for me being a sad heap of broken heart shards?"
Well, Cas wasn’t messing around, was he? Straight to the point. Dean thought for a moment, wondering if he should go with something cheesy like ‘someone to share my hopes and dreams, and long walks in the moonlight’, or just be honest and be himself.
Cas hummed as he found that the first picture on the site was a cherry. "Considering popping the cherry," he read, wondering if he clicked the wrong link, because its content looked fruit related. He squinted his eyes as he read further. The author had written about sexual identity, which wasn't particularly interesting to Cas because that wasn't what he was looking for. He was looking for a manual. "First things first: Make sure you can easily and safely access medical treatment. That may mean waiting until you’re eighteen." It was the first one of the tips he read aloud. He looked up at Dean. "I think that one doesn't really apply to us."
Dean was bizarrely quiet for a moment before he turned to Naomi. "And if we refuse to be part of your sick twisted version of the Match Game?"
Castiel groaned into the kiss, and for a moment Dean wondered if the angel was actually enjoying the sex, or if that was all from the spell he was under. Angels always radiated the impression of being emotionless and junkless.
Dean released his grip on Cas’s ass. “Look, I know we have to do this, but I… I don’t want to if you aren’t even… a little okay with it.”
Dean looked surprised, but appeared to go with it. "I'll have a beer too." When the waitress appeared to (reluctantly) leave, Dean looked at Cas. "What on earth are you getting us into?"
Balthazar gently cupped his chin to turn Cas back to face him. "Most people don't get it, and I really liked you."
Dean couldn’t piece together what it was about Castiel. The angel was… a quick study for one. And then there was the whole thing with… the way he could make the Mark sing. That pleasurable sensation Dean assumed he could only get through the act of murder.
"I haven't seen anything yet that would garner my respect. I only heard you whine to your superior." Castiel squinted his eyes again. "Show me your worth by solving this case with me. Then you'll have my respect."
“Fuck, fuck…” Dean shivered from the way the pleasure made the Mark throb. “My address then,” he gasped out as he succumbed to the brutal fucking. If he’d known angels fucked like this...
Any, Frankie, Ruk… and you - yeah, you reading this - I wish you the happiest of holidays and hope the new decade is full of love, laughter, and lots of entertaining fics! 💜
With not much else to do, she settled in her room with a beer and her laptop, scouring the web for any trace of a nearby case. She didn’t know what to do with Dean, or Sam, or Cas, so she fell back on old habits. Whenever she had gotten into arguments with her father, or even with John, she would go searching for a hunt, grab a weapon, and take her mind off the situation at hand.
,” she hissed, scooting away from him to shove herself into the corner of the couch. “I’ve been doing this for a few years, ever since Dad disappeared on the Angel Express and Mom went looking for him. She died at the hands of even more angels. So,
in on the joke. Hell yeah, I left your ass behind. You don’t see me for another, oh, four months or so after this.”
“1994. I’m 15. Sammy’s supposed to be 11.” And wasn’t that weird, that none of what he just said was the truth today. The year was 2020. He was supposed to be 41. Sammy was 38, now. What a trip. “We’re staying with Uncle Bobby for the summer, ‘cuz Dad found a big hunt out West. Didn’t want to drag us along, I guess.” He looked up at Jody, wiping his mouth again, looking hopeful. “Is Bobby still around? You said his house has been empty for a while.”
“Alright, real talk,” she started, staring at the counter, “I don’t actually know how to cook any of this. But I know you’re a good cook, so I figured I could lend you a hand and you could kind of… take over?”
“I don’t understand,” the angel said, turning to look between Sam and Dean with what must be a perpetually confused expression. “You are obviously not alright.” He turned toward Sam, eyes imploring. With a loaded look between the two, Cas backed away, nodding in understanding. “Oh, I see. We’re lying. Alright.”
Power flooded through his body, filling in every crevice and crack, healing the broken parts of him and easing the aching pain that had plagued him for weeks now, ever since he had been cursed.
Dean turned to him, then, smile real and wide and genuine. The brightest thing John had seen on him in years. “Technically adopted. He’s half angel, half human. Cas knew his mom, but when Nephilim are born, they kill their mother. Not the kid’s fault, just the way it is.”
“Dean?” someone asked. Dean peeked up, coming face to face with the supposed angel Claire said was wearing her dad. The guy sounded slightly worried, his face scrunched up in a funny little frown. Dean blinked up at him owlishly, staring at him in silence.
The waitress arrived eventually, asking for orders, and Dean got a bacon cheeseburger, carefully watching his mother’s reaction to see if she had any opinion, but she didn’t say a word. In fact, she turned a small smile his way when she caught him watching her, and he promptly looked away, embarrassed.
The cop turned her flashlight on him again and he flinched, feeling like an idiot. She raised a suspicious eyebrow at him, before looking a little closer, staring at him almost like she knew him. “What did you say your name was, again?”
“I’m glad he has you,” she said quietly. Castiel turned his head slowly until their eyes met, and Mary smiled at him, genuine and sweet.
“It has?” Dean asked, words flying out before he could think better of them. It seemed his mouth was speaking without input from his brain, because then he said, “But, I was just here this morning!”
There was a long, heavy silence that followed that statement. John shifted uncomfortably and wished they would stop bringing up the fact that they planned to take away his memories of this day. But he had to know, even if it was going to be gone in the morning.
, before turning a fierce, warrior-of-the-heavenly-host gaze on the man in front of him. “John Winchester,” he boomed, using a bit of his grace to let the tiniest hint of his true voice shine through, and felt satisfaction at the fact that the man flinched, “Nice to meet you, I suppose.” John reared back like someone had slapped him, eyes wide as he looked Cas up and down, one hand rubbing at his ear.
“Yeah,” Sam said, giving him an epic bitch face, “and you and I both know you don’t really think before you touch things. Remember that time Dad took us on a salt and burn in Galveston? You touched that cursed doll and ended up cracking you head on one of the tombstones because the ghost sent you flying. Trust me, man. You haven’t grown out of that.”
Castiel didn’t waste any time, striding forward to hover over the largest vampire, waiting for the others to move into position over their own targets before reaching down, slamming his machete down on the unsuspecting vampire’s neck. Mary and Dean struck at the same time, killing their own monsters. Dean’s let out a loud, guttural scream though, choking on his blood due to a weaker strike. Dean, panicking, struck again. The vampire died on the second strike but it was already too late. The remaining two monsters woke up, instantly moving into fight mode.
Dean bristled at that, just like he had earlier, but stood up this time, pulling the kid into his arms. The boy, Jack, let out a whoosh of air, surprised, but melted easily into the hug, tucking his face into the crook of Dean’s neck.
. However, I believe you smelled my scent on your pillows because we use the same shampoo.” The statement hung in the air between them, and Dean frowned. “Sam has a special bottle for himself, and you and I share the same bottle.”
Dean stared up at them, wide eyed as a deer in the headlights. Were they joking? This sounded like a really bad joke. “Kind of regret asking, now,” he said, laughing awkwardly before kicking his boots off. He stretched out on the couch, throwing the blanket over himself, and watched Claire scurry up the steps, leaving him alone in the room with Jody.
. He was a pretty straight-forward guy, with a simple thought process, simple needs, and simple wants.
Gaping a bit in shock, Dean took a moment to reboot, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. He honestly hadn’t been expecting to get a say. He gave a shy little smile to Jody, ducking his head. “While I appreciate the stay, ma’am, I think I’m gonna head back with them. If that’s alright with you?”
Sam took him on a short tour, room to room, pointing out the important things. When he stopped outside of adult-Dean’s room, explaining that they all had their own rooms and their own beds and a place to keep all of their stuff, Dean almost felt like tearing up right then and there. Sam opened the door for him and Dean stared.
“Yeah,” Dean said softly, shifting again to shove his hands in his pockets, rocking uncomfortably on his feet. He couldn’t meet anyone’s eyes. He was still within arm’s reach of his brother, though, who had always clung so tightly to him growing up. Well, until he had become a teenager and started fighting with
The angel didn’t even seem to realize he was doing it, just shifting every few seconds until they were practically hip to hip. Just as Dean was starting to gear up to saying something, Claire came clattering down the stairs, looking like a zombie. Her hair was in disarray around her head, her eyeliner was smudged, and her eyes were distant. She took one bleary look at Dean and the angel sitting awkwardly close on the sofa and scoffed, loudly.
Hopefully he wasn’t making a terrible mistake, taking her word, and Sam’s supposed-older self’s word, that everything was on the up and up. He watched her carefully, gripping the knife he had found in one of his pockets. He would be ready for anything.
“Whatever, Sam,” Dean said softly, slamming his eyes shut for a moment as he sat back, arms crossed over his chest. This was ridiculous, this was the
“Yeah,” Sam said on a sigh, looking lovesick and happy. “She’s a hunter, too. We met on a case, actually, and helped each other out. Now that things are starting to calm down, we’ve decided to really give it a shot.”
There it was again. They didn’t want him as he was, of course they didn’t. Even after he had proven that he could still hunt, still be useful, they still wanted him as an adult. They wanted an asset, someone they didn’t need to worry about constantly, or tiptoe around. Someone useful. He felt his stomach drop to his feet and he frowned, wrapping his arms around himself.
“My best bet would be that Bobby has it,” Dean said, arms folded across his chest, face hard and eyes focused now that they were getting down to business. “We thought the spell would take us to his place, so we could just borrow it, but I guess that blood we used took us to our blood in the here-and-now, instead. I’m going to
“That’s a lot of faith you got there, sister,” Dean said, uncertain about this entire situation. What the hell,
Eventually they broke apart, both breathing hard with flushed faces. “Well, shit,” Dean breathed, happy and fit to burst with feeling. “You should have ideas like that more often, pal.”
John looked gob smacked for all of three seconds before he whirled back towards the window, pulling up the blinds and looking around the desolate parking lot with a furious expression on his face. But, of course, there was no black Impala parked near his monster of a truck, or anywhere else he could see. John turned on Dean, face red and eyes blazing.
Dean’s answering smile was sweet and bashful as he turned, trying to hide it in his pillow. He did grab Cas by the tie, though, tugging him closer. “I know. But I’m pretty blind when I want to be. You really love me?”
Dean, Sam, and Cas filed into the house and immediately settled on the couch and the armchair by the fireplace, like it was second nature. John followed a step behind, trading awkward eye contact with Bobby before shuffling further into the room, positioning himself behind the sofa and leaning against the wall.
Claire let her phone drop to her lap. She was silent for a long time, staring off into space as she visibly tried to think through her response, and Dean felt bad for pointing the whole possession thing out. Eventually, she smiled, something small and shaky and vulnerable. “I really wasn’t,” she admitted, voice small. “For a really long time, I
Shocked, Dean’s mouth ran away without checking with his head, first. “And, what?” he said, sounding slightly unhinged even to his own ears. “You’re just
) at his little baby brother. Dean barely reached his shoulders, and wasn’t that just a kick in the nuts? Sam moved forward, dwarfing Dean even more, and reached out. He wrapped one massive hand around Dean’s shoulder and brought the other up to cup his face, tilting his chin until their eyes met. “Are you alright?”
? “But you two have always been really close. I’m literally just waiting for the day you finally admit how you feel to yourselves and get on with it.”
When they pulled into a short driveway in front of a cute, normal-looking house, Dean noticed the windows were lit up with lights, a few people moving around casting shadows, and his insides squirmed uncomfortably.
“Heya, Cas,” he croaked, voice scratchy and weak and constricted. If only John Winchester could see him now. Castiel slowly lifted his head from the book he had been reading, taking his time to look Dean over closely.
“I’ve seen this before,” Castiel said, tilting his head. “This came from Bobby’s house, yes?” Sam nodded, waiting for Castiel to share with them what he knew. “It seems to be some sort of vessel for a spell. But it’s cracked.” He turned a shrewd look towards Dean, which made him shrink down into himself.
. Eventually he shoved away from the table, done with this whole situation. He left the kitchen without a backwards glance, shoulders hiked up around his ears.
“Uh, yeah. Sure.” He placed the proper pans on the stove and started cracking eggs, cooking bacon, frying hash browns. The easy repetition and calming familiarity of the task helped calm him down a little, enough to joke, at least.
“C’mon, let’s go make breakfast. Jody has to leave for her shift soon. We should make her something before she has to go.” Claire grabbed Dean’s hand and practically dragged him into the kitchen. She let him go, reaching down into the cabinets and dragging out pots and pans, then moved on to the fridge where she practically emptied it out. With hands on her hips, she stared down the mess she had made. Dean was actually kind of impressed.
Stepping further into the room, Dean hesitantly perched himself on the edge of the sofa across from Claire. She was staring at him, not even trying to hide it. “So, uh,” he started, reaching up to rub a hand against the back of his neck, “how do I know you guys?”
Dean was loudly grinding his teeth together and Sam looked more than unhappy, but he did eventually answer. “A spell book,” he admitted, unhelpfully, not meeting John’s eyes. So, was it really a spell book they were after, or something else? Sam’s face had changed over the years, but that was definitely his lying-face.
“Dean,” he called, and the boy whipped his head around, eyes intense, “you said that the last thing you remember is going to the store for Bobby?” Dean’s eyes turned grateful as he relaxed, nodding his head, thankful for some type of conversation.
Castiel did notice, however, that after about thirty minutes into their drive Dean began fidgeting, shifting uncomfortably as his eyes darted from Mary in the driver’s seat, out the window, back towards her, towards him, and back out the window again. It was difficult to watch, so he attempted to ease the tension.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” she said, a little colder than she meant to, but what’s said is said, and she moved on. She wrapped a hand around his shoulder and squeezed in apology, but Sam might as well have been a stone sculpture. She sighed and moved out of the room, gathering a few machetes and a bottle of dean man’s blood on her way towards the garage.
He loaded up a plate, throwing toppings on his burger and settling at the table against the far wall. Sam followed with his own plate, and Castiel settled down across from Dean, plate-less but watching them fondly.
Dean was breathing hard by the end of his little speech, practically boneless as he sagged in his brother’s grip, exhausted and defeated. Sam hooked a foot around a chair and gently let Dean sit down next to him. Dean just wanted to melt into a puddle on the floor. Sam was giving him a sad, pitying look and Dean couldn’t handle it. He threw on a cocky grin and slugged Sam in the shoulder.
“I believe this is what we were looking for. I would advise taking a picture,” he started, but Sam was already pulling his phone out and taking a few pictures from different angles. Finally, he closed the book and sighed, stroking the cover for a moment before looking back up at Bobby and John.
“You want to leave again?” he finally said, looking up to meet her eyes. Mary winced, wilting beneath his judging glare, so similar to how John would look at her when he was disappointed. It hurt like a knife to the chest. She stood her ground, anyway.
Now, Dean was more than confused. Who the hell could Sam be talking to? It couldn’t be Bobby, they said he was dead. So, who else would he be happy to see?
Sam shoved his phone in Rowena’s face as soon as he found his bearings, and Castiel helped Jack sit down to catch his breath. The kid was looking pale again, even a little more sickly than before, too. Dean moved to the kitchen and filled a glass of water, before returning and silently pressing it into Jack’s shaking hands. He drank from it gratefully before setting it aside, hands fidgeting in his lap while he waited for Rowena’s judgement.
“We usually just eat at the first greasy spoon we can find in town.” He looked around, as well, and pointed down the road. “Looks like there’s one down there.”
“I’ll check the internet, see if I can find any leads here. Why don’t you two go pick up dinner?” Mary knew she was being a coward, sending Dean away like that, but Dean looked excited about heading out instead of researching. Castiel sighed quietly but nodded, grabbing the keys from the table and leading Dean out the door.
The silence that fell between them, as they stared at each other, silently challenging the other to break, was broken when Jody came back into the room, carrying a tray of food and drinks. She looked between them with a stern set to her face, trying to intimidate someone into telling her what was going on.
“Kelly was extremely sad that she wasn’t going to see her son grow up, but in the end, she was at peace with dying if it meant Jack could live. She entrusted me with his care, and he’s been with us since.” He seemed to think over his words, before continuing, “Well, most of the time.”
Dean stared at him in shock. That was a pretty big statement. “Wow. Way to downplay it, man.” He rubbed a hand against his face, breathing ragged and shaky. “So, what are we then? Friends with benefits? Fuck buddies? What?” He pointed at the pillow he was leaning against, face open and confused. “When I laid down here just a few minutes ago, I could smell your shampoo on the pillows. I know you’ve spent at least one night here, recently.”
“He just could never see things from my side, y’know? And no offense to this Sam, but he’s always been kind of self-centered. Side effect of being the spoiled baby of the family, I’m sure, but he’s always been a good kid, just not totally understanding. But
Dean snorted and traded an amused looked with Sam, before taking control of the conversation once more. “He’s not lying. Cas is a true-blue angel. Do the wing-thing, Cas, that always convinces people.”
, as the picture seemed to prove. “Who’s that?” he asked, instead of the other million and one questions he wanted to say.
if they had his name. Maybe he could make a run for it? He was probably faster than this lady, but she might shoot at him, and he wasn’t looking to get shot at tonight…
“Girls! Get down here! Breakfast!” Multiple bangs and thumps came from upstairs, and a few moments later Alex appeared, followed by another girl Dean hadn’t met yet, but assumed was the ‘Patience’ that had been yelling at them the night before.
“Thank God,” Mary said, shoving her laptop away and making grabby hands at the food, “I’m starving. And I hate research.” Castiel handed her one of the packages and gave Dean the other, and they settled around the table to eat.
The silence between them stretched on and on, and Dean was already regretting opening his mouth. He couldn’t face the angel and see what he was feeling.
“I think I found a case,” she said eventually, bringing the paper out of her pocket and placing it gently on the table. Silence fell over the room, and she felt it like a fist around her heart. She didn’t know why she kept screwing this up, but it seemed inevitable.
Groaning, Dean held one hand against his forehead, using the other to push up against the concrete beneath him. Head pounding and body aching like it never had before, Dean pushed until he was sitting on the ground, trying to catch his breath. He cracked his eyes open and looked around, taking his time to move from sitting to standing.
“Uh, right,” Sam said, tearing his eyes away from Bobby long enough to pull his phone out again, bringing the picture up to show Bobby. “It’s called the
, he told himself viciously; he knew Dad was probably long dead by now, going by the fact that no one had mentioned him, yet. Besides, it was such a childish thought; wanting Daddy to come fix everything for him. God, but he couldn’t do anything right, could he? What a fucking
Warily, Dean sat back down at the table, picking at his food. Sam sat back down, as well, and rubbed a giant hand across his giant face. “Just spit it out, Samuel. Tell me what’s going on.”
“Uh, hi!” he said, a little too enthusiastically as he stood and tried to make it out of the room. Dean watched him go, knowing he was trying to hide something and doing a, frankly,
“We’re going to try this spell, and it should help ease the restrictions on your grace, if not fully release you. Here’s hoping for the best,” Sam said, throwing a few things into the bowl on the table, and then Rowena began chanting. Jack closed his eyes and waited for
“Vampires, I think,” she said, meeting his gaze head on, and smiled weakly. Sam was scowling at the table, anxiously rubbing his fingers on the pages of his tome.
In a book on the nightstand, he flipped through it disinterestedly until he found another picture, tucked between the pages. It was one of him and Cas, dressed in suits and standing shoulder to shoulder against the Impala, grinning at the camera with the sun shining bright behind them. He stared at himself, noticing the fact that the terror in his eyes was practically non-existent with Castiel beside him. His smile was real and wide and bright; Dean tried to picture what could make him ever feel
The angel was staring at him closely, like he couldn’t make sense of what he was saying. Sam just rolled his eyes and backed away, taking the hint. Jody watched the entire exchange with sad, pitying eyes.
There were some guns mounted on the wall above the bed, pictures on the desk and on the bedside table, clothes strewn on the bed and the floor haphazardly. It looked well lived-in. He marveled at the idea that he had his own room, something he had never had before in his entire life.
He looked her over shrewdly; she wasn’t bleeding anywhere, she wasn’t limping, and she wasn’t favoring anything. She was fine. It was all fine.
“Dean?” Sam called, sounding a little worried, “are you okay with that? We’re in Kansas right now, so we can’t get to you until tomorrow morning. Jody’s good people. She’ll take care of you until we get there.”
There, on the screen, was a picture of a group of three men, all smiling awkwardly at the camera, with Claire sandwiched in the middle. One was taller than the others, with long brown hair and bright eyes. Dean recognized him immediately.
An ugly sneer snuck across Dean’s face, and he couldn’t hold it back. He shook his head, gritted his teeth, and tried not to let his heart break. He had always known Dad saw him as a disappointment, more soldier than son, only kept around to take care of Sam and take care of Dad, to be his father’s useful little blunt instrument.
