Tony crossed the floor to where Steve squatted and reached down.  He touched his hair lightly with just his fingertips.  Steve didn’t tell him to stop.  So, he did it again.
“Yeah?”
“Hey.”
“Uh-huh,” Steve agreed darkly, and kissed his mouth. “Where do you want it?”
“Um,” he muttered, slipping his hand through his hair. “I’m looking for Stark Industries?”
. He wanted it to be perfect, and that was turning out to be more difficult than he expected.
“No,” Howard said, “I-” he stopped. Looked at his shoes again. Ran a hand through his hair.
he thought, and attempted to extricate himself from the pleasant snare of Steve’s limbs.
“Good.”
Steve looked at him through lowered lashes. “You gonna kiss me good-bye?”
It wasn’t long before he looked up. Wasn’t long before he
“It’s good. They did surgery six months ago, and she’s almost done with chemo.”
There were a lot of other words said.  A
“I love you for that, baby,” Tony sighed, his fingers pressing into Steve’s skin. “It will never come to that, but I love you for it.” He kissed him gently, tenderly, tasting his lips and teasing his tongue with his own. “I love you so much,” he whispered between kisses. “So much."
Twelve hours ago, he'd been lying in bed with Tony wrapped around him, all clinging arms and slow, comforting heartbeat.  Twelve hours ago, he'd held the world in his hands, and now it was falling apart. Everything was falling apart.
Tony huffed sulkily. “Don’t talk about global warming. It’s depressing.”
“Really?  ‘Cause this seems like a jealous-face.”
Steve turned his head on the pillow.  Tony’s lamp was still on, and Steve squeezed his eyes shut even tighter to compensate.  “Wha-?” he muttered, and at least that was part of a word.
Natasha elbowed Clint again. “Seriously, Barton. Leave him alone.”
Tony stepped closer and Steve’s finger went through his belt loop.  He wanted Steve out of this chair more than anything, but a little part of him would miss this.  Standing over Steve, looking down at him, Steve’s head tilted up, his finger through the belt loop.  It was one of the good things--the only good thing--that had come out of Steve being confined like he was.
“Oh, shit,” Tony said.  “I’ve got to go.  I promised Steve dinner.”
“J-Jarvis,” he muttered.
Tony went back to the Tower and rode the elevator up.  He was only here for a few days.  Just so he could see Steve.  Other than that, he still lived at home.  And he’d keep living there, because that was where Steve wanted to be.  He loved that place, and Tony was determined to have him back there as quickly as possible.  Back home, and back in his bed where he belonged.  The loft was okay, but Tony wanted Steve with him.
“I will,” she said.
“Absolutely not.”
Christ, Tony loved him.
“Ready to go?”
Steve laughed a little. “I’m not sure that’s true.”
"I've got you now."  He pulled away and looked at Tony.  His eyes were troubled, the blue almost gray this time, like a stormy sea crashing onto treacherous shores.   "Don't I?"
ago?  In front of a civilian?”
Steve.  The way things are between us now.  It doesn’t feel right.”
Tony pressed his forehead against Steve’s shoulder, and slipped his hand down Steve’s arm to his hand. The tie was still wrapped around it, Steve’s fist crushing the silk. Tony didn’t think he’d ever be able to wear it again in public, but that was more than okay. There were other things it could be used for. Things he could not wait to explore with Steve as his willing partner.
It helped.  He breathed in and out, then nodded as the wave went back out to sea.  It did not disappear, but it retreated to a safer level.  “I’m okay,” he mouthed, and entered the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony grinned. He knew he could win him over. “There we go.”
Steve cocked an eyebrow.  “Did you just say ‘bowling team’?”
Tony called Jerry and told him to meet Gina at the airport.  Fly her home, back to Long Island where there would be no memory of Steve Rogers to mess with the next guy who came along.
"Because I missed you," Thor said, still frowning. "I was certain you were not here considering how quiet it has been."
Natasha followed close on Clint's heels, setting a stack of plates down, "Do not jinx yourself, Tony."
of the strawberries—”
"They seemed to function together more than the Avengers do," she replied after a brief moment.
For a long moment Tony just stared at him. “Damn,” he said finally. “That—Thank you,” he settled for.
Steve’s brow was quirked up. “Yes, I did.”
"That....that would seem to undermine the purpose of a fondue set," Bruce mused, shaking his head.  "Has Tony had a solution for this yet?"
Steve weighed that answer, considering its merits before he nodded slightly, "How long have you been meeting him?"
"You're still here then," Tony said, looking up as Loki slid into the seat across from him. "And I was so sure you were skipping town."
A-A-A-A
that amuses you that doesn't involve my possible choice of lover?"
"Thank god," he said, only half sarcastic.
"Hell if we know, but he apparently liked Howard," and Rhodey saw the tiny way Tony's shoulders shifted back.
Bruce followed the archer down to the lab, entering his code and pushing the door open.  He winced slightly at the music volume, but simply crossed the room to where Tony was working. The inventor in question barely looked up, finally shoving his goggles back and looking up in confusion at the pair. “What’re you doing down here? Tell me Richards hasn’t opened another portal or some such nonsense we need to deal with.”
Thor nodded, pleased with such suggestions. "I am glad we've made such good time."
“Yeah?” Steve asked, nuzzling his face against Tony's neck again, and Tony jerked against him.
“You really can’t blame him for being angry,” Steve said.
"You did say I was stuck with you," Tony said, feeling his shoulders relax at so thoroughly changing the topic.
"Two steady relationships in a row," Tony managed when he caught a breath. "I almost don't recognize myself anymore. We should go. Before we get--ugh--interrupted or something."
“No,” he shook his head but actually managed to give her a smile. “It’s Star Wars. Painful or not, what’d become of me if I couldn’t enjoy it? Besides, I’m making everyone else watch it, might as well join them.”
“I will not get into a fight with Nick Fury as long as Clint promises to do the same.”
Tony's head snapped up when the elevator opened, certain that everyone was either in the tower or not due to be back anytime in the near future. For a second he thought about the time that Phil had invaded his tower, causing a security breach. He took a step forward before actually taking one back when the door opened to reveal Nick Fury. "You're joking. Breach, Jarvis, security breach and get out, Fury."
"It's what we could find," Steve responded, already unpacking the garlands and laying them out near the tree as he considered how best to fill in the gaps in the branches.
"Hey," Tony protested quietly, watching Pepper, who had tensed noticably. "This isn't the time."
"Aren't those usually fridge horrifying?" Clint asked.
Steve turned to give him a look, "When did I become cook
Thor walked into the kitchen and frowned when Clint actually startled away from him. "What?" he asked. "Is something the matter?"
A-A-A-A
“You seem to feel pretty confident in knowing when he’s going to be showing up though,” she said, looking at his wrist.
Steve frowned, but finally nodded, "Alright I'll take it food up to them then."
Steve shivered, "Can I call you brilliant, or is that too much of a word too?"
Jane paused for a moment before rising, "It is."  She caught his hand and pulled slightly, "Come on."
"And if I say all I want is you to be you, you won't believe me, will you?" Steve said, shifting slightly to adjust his position without turning over.
"Pepper has, Rhodes has," Steve countered, leaning down to kiss Tony again, open mouthed and getting more desperate the longer they talked.
"Interesting.  You've done much traveling in the other realms, then?"
Fury paused. "It was needed at the time," he said, softly, like it hurt.
"No, no I like it," Bruce answered, shaking his head in bemusement as he opened Clint's gift.  The kid's chemistry set he was suddenly holding startled a laugh out of him.
"You could always watch my back yourself," Fury said, turning the gun over again before setting it down. "Or is that over now too?"
"The part where you survived, sir," Happy replied from the front seat.
"We're not kidnapping the lobby tree," Steve replied.  "It's a nice tree but it's already been decorated and it's our own fault for forgetting."
Clint considered him from across the room before shrugging and taking another drink. "You wouldn't have any reason to think I needed to be told now would you?"
"Haha," Tony said as the kitten rubbed against his elbow. "Shoo, Samuel."
"Not really," Clint said, kicking his feet against the building. "I mean, it's just... it's nothing really. I'm just so irritated."
“Dude, Bruce, there are
subscribers on this thing???
"Yes," Thor nodded. "At least, the ones that the Bifrost reached."
Bruce paused before reaching out and brushing the back of his fingers over Clint's cheek, "Yeah.  We'll be there to catch you."
"Has she touched your lab?" Clint asked. "Is this a territory thing? Has she invaded your territory?"
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony said, waving a hand. “You too, sleep tight, the bedroom’s through there. I’ll see you in the morning, or whenever everyone’s up. Don’t like, expect everyone in the breakfast room when you’re there though. Oh and we haven’t heard from Thor yet, but sleep well.”
"I suppose my business here is done."
“You look like you have something to say,” Bruce said when Clint just continued to sit there. They had, technically, been dating for a while, but just as often as he was around, Clint seemed to vanish. Bruce didn’t push because Clint had only promised to try originally, not that they would actually succeed.
"Drinks with Loki specifically, and villains generally."
She shrugged slightly, "Beyond liking to see you smile again tonight?  No, no ulterior motives.  It was good to see."
"What's the less part?" she asked, stepping closer to him to avoid a pile of snow that a plow had kicked onto the sidewalk during the last track down the street.
"He was giving Clint a check," Tony said, glaring at the elevator doors.
"And that is?"  He asked warily.
"We're going to have to get you grown up food," Clint told the kitten, grinning as he looked up and mewed at him as he dropped the food into his dish. Tony had taken one look at the dish on the counter, shrieked for fifteen minutes and then built a better food and water system that included a small waterfall, and Clint suspected a force field to make sure all food remained inside the dishes and never, ever on the counter.
"Well, the papers will need something short and quick to use if they're talking about the battle," Steve answered, taking another drink of his coffee and Tony's eyes had flickered back to him at some point.
The other man propped himself up on his elbow to look at Tony more carefully, "That's a lot to live up to there."
"Uh, not sure it was a moment," Clint said. "I just liked animals. Doesn't matter beyond that. I'm pretty equal opportunity for elephants and kittens."
Scowling, Tony crossed his arms and hunched down in the chair, muttering darkly about not having the time. Clint just grinned, watching as Hoth filled the large screen.
"How did you manage that?"  Steve asked, not entirely certain he wanted the answer.
“Oh, did you think I was talking about you?” Steve asked, and Tony could feel his mouth twitch.
"You might be surprised," Jane replied, her smile trending more toward a grin.
"One of our—well, my friends," Thor said. "It was the Warriors Three and Sif—Fandral is one of the Warriors Three," Thor added. "Fandral, Volstagg and Hogan."
Bruce blinked at him for a long moment, "Really?  That's not a response I hear much."
"Would have been nice to know before I kissed him that his lover died last year," Bruce murmured.
He actually had to twitch his head before he could tear his eyes away enough to look up. "Yeah?"
Clint choked on the coffee he was drinking.
Betty looked at him for a long moment, “So you’ve got a couple of steps further along in having this under control.”
"It is.  Do we have anything I can feed it?"  Steve continued rifling through the cabinets.  "I'll be able to go get actual food for it tomorrow, but it'll need something before then."
"I can't do anything about the ticked off archer and his supportive gamma Hulk.  The chaos god hasn't done anything and we'll get an alert if he does.  So, no, I'm not actually worried at the moment," Steve answered.  "And if Bruce gets any angrier and changes, we'll get an alert for that too."
“What?” Loki asked, hesitating too long again.
"Traditionally I think you're supposed to open those," Bruce said, still looking amused by the chemistry set he finally set aside in order to pick up another package.
Charles' lips quirked upward in a smile that didn't touch his blue eyes, "No one understands how you think, Tony. It comes with being a genius. They can't keep up with the logical leaps you make sometimes."
It took Tony a moment to catch his voice back. “You can carry me,” he said like that was a miracle. “That—I mean, yeah, I should.”
times.”
"I think the only reason I'm not smacking you upside the head is because despite my friendship with Tony, I do believe in military discipline."
"So I should take that as a suggestion and not go in and hide the sulfuric acid?" Clint asked.
"It ran into me!" Tony protested. "After they stared firing on me, alright, and I admit I was in their military zone but he ran into me. And I saved him when his parachute wouldn't work."
"Are you sure you don't want to hold him?" Clint asked, looking over at Bruce and petting the kitten's stomach, wrapping a finger around a tiny paw.
Clint entered the debrief with an icepack on his shoulder, looking around quickly, a frown appearing on his forehead when he noticed the lack of a certain black suit. "Hey, director," he greeted, flicking the paperwork and then ignoring it. "Saved New York, aliens gone. Anything else?"
"Of course. Do we exchange gifts with everyone?" Thor asked.
"I believe there should be something in the left lower cupboard," Jarvis said. "And I am certain you could take some towels to make a bed for tonight."
"It's your kitten," Clint said after only a moment's hesitation. "You should bond and do all those things."
"They haven't for a long time," he said, handing over his card to the waiter to pay for dinner.
"I'm sure there are stores where you could find things!" Thor said, happily. "What do you think people would like?"
“I will try,” he said. “Can I come over there?”
She smiled faintly at that, "I don't need that PR nightmare; stay on speaking terms with the head of the secret government organization, Tony." Pepper glanced at the other three men, "Only two of you look hung-over so that's better than it could be."
"What if I don't want to?" she asked, but it sounded more like she was offering it academically than with any force behind it.
"I have no idea," Tony admitted.
Loki's lips drew back in a snarl, "Curse you and may you rot in Hel's house when death comes for you."
"Can we start at least hanging them soon?" Tony asked, holding one up and considering. "I sort of like this one actually."
"But," Tony started again. He was used to fourteen foot trees that were professionally decorated and didn't know what to do with such a scraggly specimen.
"Alright, so stop running for a moment, then," Natasha answered.
The fingers of Victor's hand twitched. "Indeed," he agreed, tone acid. "How kind of you."
Tony’s eyes darted up. “I didn’t mean to say that,” he said, not quite panicked yet because he had faced down gods with less fear and fallen through the sky in a depowered suit without feeling this twist of worry underneath his rib cage. His fingers twitched again, aching with want.
doing it."
Steve rose from the chair and held out his hand to Rhodey again, "Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes, if I mess this up, I sure as hell hope you'd do that."
Loki offered him a sweeping, sarcastic bow while never taking his eyes off of Clint, "Always a pleasure to see you, Clint.  Good evening to you both."  He pulled his magic around himself and disappeared.
“After centuries together, and you think only a few years could break it?” Thor finally said, turning all the way around again. “You think I would cast you aside so quickly as that?”
"Yeah but when the tabloids come by asking when Captain America and Iron Man are having a baby together it's always good to be able to have some crazy stories," Clint shrugged.
Steve stared after them for a long moment before sinking onto the other end of the couch from Clint, "He stole someone's body?"
Steve considered the trees critically before picking one that was just shy of six feet tall and had the fewest gaps, "Here's hoping they find enough garlands.  We're going to need to get gifts too while we're out."
Tony laughed. “Every tabloid in the world disagrees with you, and quite a few international business journals as well.”
"You're kind of hard to miss."
“Are you telling me to not get into any fights?” Tony asked.
"You think you could give us a minute or thirty?" Clint asked, meaning Natasha. "Please?"
Bruce leaned back, resting on his hands and letting his center of balance tilt away from the edge, "I'll be careful."
"I didn't tell Clint because I didn't want him to get too reckless. Doesn't mean I was happy about it," Natasha replied, looking up at him from her seat. There was half the room between them and Fury crossed his arms over his chest, looking at the ceiling for a moment.
"You were thinking loudly and I still don't have a full grasp on my ability with the new brain,” Charles dismissed.
"Apparently," Clint said. "Actually, that was a huge blow up at SHIELD for a while. Well, and then he turned around and asked for amnesty for Magneto. He's a walking problem some days."
Looking toward the kitten, Bruce drew a deep breath and rose to clean up the kitchen speaking to the cat, "Do you have any idea what just happened, because I don't know if I do."
"And then he told me to blow the full-sized reactor with him still hanging above it rather than let Stane continue what he was planning," Pepper said, shaking her head.  "The number of times you could have
That earned a small twitch of Bruce's lips, "It is. But I'm pretty sure it's accurate."
Pepper swore under her breath. "So anything that made Tony look reckless or rebellious."
"Pointing him at Loki?" Tony offered, one brow going up. "It's not like we're friends or anything."
"No, sir," Steve responded, his gaze going to where Clint had left, "I'm doing paperwork because I'm the only one, technically, you're still providing housing for and I need to earn my keep somehow.  You could get a decent report from either one of you agents, but you don't expect those reports to ever show up, do you?"
"It is not my cat," Tony protested. "But if it's going to be here, it will have the best damn cat bed to exist and shut up. Just be quiet."
"Betty Ross, my girlfriend, she was in town and thought we should go out since we haven't, we haven't seen each other since Harlem," he answered, closing his eyes.
"After me?  What exactly would you care to inquire of there?"  Loki asked, giving him a sideways look. "And hexing you would cause far too many problems at the moment no matter how satisfying that might be."
“There’s nothing to talk about, Tony,” Steve insisted. “Nothing’s changed. Everything’s okay, so there’s nothing to talk about.” He felt Tony’s muscles tense. Felt him getting frustrated. But Steve didn’t want to talk about anything hard right now. He didn’t. He just wanted this quiet for a little while. He just wanted what Tony had promised him--a day to run away. From everything. He wanted it. “Please?” he said quietly. “Tony, please? Can we talk about it later?”
“Just?”
Tony ran his finger along the instep of Steve’s foot, making him laugh. “Hence
Better to just relax a little. Better to just wait and see. Sam was his constant. His rock. His backbone. He had been for the last four years, since they’d been paired as partners in math class. He knew he could count on Sam. Sam was solid.
get to be something that happened? Tony had no fucking clue. He just knew he was grateful, and he decided to take pity on him.
Steve shrugged. “Me and Bucky come here sometimes. He brought me as soon as I came home from Afghanistan. I was-” he ran a hand through his hair. “I was in a bad place. It was quiet here. Soothing.” The corner of his mouth ticked up. “It made me feel better,” he said. “Still does.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah. I’ll be here.”
“Your girlfriend… Is it serious?”
“Hey,” Steve said, completely ignoring the question.  “Hey, Tony.  God, you’re a sight for sore eyes.”
“Make sure you ask him about those cut-off jeans,” Ray said, and Tony winked.
Tony didn’t say anything, but Steve was very attuned to the sound of his movements throughout the room. He heard the minute whisper of Tony’s feet on the carpet, the metallic note of the closet door opening, then something else. Something...something Steve wasn’t quite sure of. Fabric? Yes. But what it was, he didn’t know.
“FRI?” Tony asked, clutching the tablecloth to Steve’s bleeding throat.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know,” Steve said.  “I know I don’t owe him, but...maybe he owes me.  Maybe he’s gonna say something nice.”
Tony tensed immediately in his arms. His head shot up, locking eyes with Steve. “What?” he said, and all traces of sleep were gone. Steve missed them. Missed sleepy, snuggly-Tony already.
"I meant
Eyes still on Tony’s, still huge and dark, the irises eating up the blue surrounding them, Steve kissed the top of his boot. Once, twice, three times, lingering a little between kisses with his mouth hovering over the leather. Tony could see the pink of his tongue between his lips, and when it touched his boot, leaving a damp trail as Steve licked it, Tony’s mind whited out.
“Wow,” Tony breathed. “Okay. Guess you just answered that question.”
Tony pushed himself off the bench and went to stand in front of Steve.  He sighed.  “You’re
“I know.  I know, but stay still for me.”  She was babbling, she knew she was babbling, but was powerless to stop it.  All of her training, all of her carefully moderated inflections were torn asunder in the face of the scene playing out here.  She was undone, shaken to the core in the bright April afternoon.  Nothing she had endured in either the Red Room or her life outside of it had prepared her for this.
Tony held him tightly, hands clutching him, moving over him, feeling the smooth expanse of his back, the brush of his hair under his fingertips.  He kissed his neck, his cheek, his lips, anywhere, everywhere.  “Shh.  I know,” he said in between kisses.  “I know, baby.  It’s okay.  I got you.”  There was no way he could hold back the tears anymore.  He let them fall as Steve held him dangerously tight.
Steve flushed.  “Oh.  No, sir.”
“But why did she activate it?”
Steve shook his head and slung his backpack over his shoulder. “It doesn’t have anything to do with Stark.”
Steve shook his head. “I can’t, Tony. I just...I can’t.”
“I accept,” Steve said, raising his voice.  “Those terms are fine.”
“You said it yourself: you’re not soldiers.”
“Will it shut you up?”
He climbed out of the shower, brushed his teeth, took a deep breath, and left the bathroom.
“Can do,” he said.
He looked at the letter.  The careful, calm, conscientious letter that Steve had written.
Steve ducked his head to give him that innocent, evil look Tony never wanted to go without again. “You could just cuddle me a little.”
“Okay.  You guys be careful.  Stay together and call for back-up if you need it.  The Brazilian government said all their armed forces are at your disposal.”
“Why were you hacking his files?”
Gina held his hand.  “It was a good move,” she said, and Tony felt worse.  Maybe he should have acted like a jerk.  Maybe it would have made it easier in the long run.
Some talking. Some angst and feels, but then...you know ;)
“You’re probably right about that.”
The knocking began again as he went down the stairs.
“Which one?”
“Right,” Steve said lightly. “And besides, I can’t really reward you for bad behavior, can I? How will you ever learn if I do that?"
“Don’t,” Steve whispered. “Okay? Please? Let’s not talk about what should have happened between us. It’s done, right? All that...it’s the past. Isn’t it?”
He turned away from the growing flames and followed Steve’s voice into the bedroom.
Steve had felt when she hugged him shivered through him again.
“Steve,” she began, “honey, I know that this is tearing you apart.  I know it is.  But I think you might be making it harder than it has to be.”
of it?”
But either way, Tony and Steve would have some time to themselves.  Some time to be quiet and calm and relax.  Some time to see how they fit together, where they’d have to compromise, and where they wouldn’t.  There’d be fights--they were, after all, still
“I know, sweetheart,” he said and twisted the t-shirt in his hands.  “I know.  I’m sorry.”
“Thank you,” Sam said, and Steve blushed.
“Okay,” Steve said reluctantly, and they left, climbing into Tony’s car, Tony in the driver’s seat, music on but low. Morgan was quiet in the back seat, but every time Steve looked back, she was still awake, petting Dodger’s head where it lay on her knee. She met Steve’s eye every time, looking at him with a deep solemnity. Tony slipped his hand into Steve’s, and he smiled at him gratefully.
“I thought that went without saying.”
Tony closed his eyes. His entire body seemed to have seized up, including his heart. He fought down the urge to pound on his chest to get it to lurch back to life.
Steve’s mind went blank. For a moment, he was once again back on the floor with that can of tomatoes. He looked down at his hands--just in case--but the Lucky Charms leprechaun was grinning cheekily up at him, promising that his breakfast was going to be magically delicious. It wasn’t tomatoes. It wasn’t.
“‘Kay. I love you.”
“I said I was sorry.”
“I like it.”
“Good idea.”
He was okay.
It was fine when it was his. The serum healed his wounds. Replenished anything he might have lost within hours. Minutes, sometimes. He was fine. He was always fine. Even when there was pain, he fought through it. He’d been made to fight through it. Power through. Shake it off. Walk it off. That’s what he did. What he’d always done. Even before the serum. And wasn’t that part of the reason why Dr. Erskine had picked him? He knew it was, and he was grateful. What right did he have to be anything but grateful? Grateful to the man who had given him exactly what he had asked for? In some form or other, anyway.
He ran his hand down Steve’s neck and planted it in the middle of his chest.  He felt the wild thunder of his heart under the pads of his fingers and pushed him back.  It broke the kiss, and Steve looked at him with lust-laced eyes, breathing heavily.
Steve smiled at him, suddenly looking nervous. “No. We should, but…” His eyes connected with Tony’s, jumped nimbly away, then came back.
“Actually, it was a bit of both.”
Tony ran his hands over Steve’s body, kneading the muscles of his shoulders, his back, brushing over his ass. Steve sucked in a deep breath as Tony touched him, whimpered as he slipped a lubed finger inside him, crooking it just right to press against his prostate. Tony kissed the back of his neck, murmuring words of encouragement and comfort to him when he added a second finger, then a third.
He thought he was hallucinating.
“Yeah, I can see that,” Tony said, eyeing him.  Steve was suddenly furiously glad he’d shaved his beard before Tony had seen it.  He would have hated it.  “Fit as a fucking fiddle, as per usual.”
“Come with me and we can talk about it. Calmly. Rationally.”
“Tony’ll be okay.  He always is.  And he’s got his girl now.  She’ll help him.”
bad, Rogers.”
Tony ran his hand up Steve’s arm. “What about you?”
“--Tony--”
likes Dodger,” she said, emphasizing it heavily, as if in a warning, and he nodded, thinking how smart she really was. How clever. Behind them, he could feel old Dodger lying down again, the No-Dogs-On-The-Bed rule forgotten, like
Tony felt a little bad about that.  FRIDAY was great.  Even if she did prefer Steve to him.
“Hey,” Steve said faintly, pointing at it, but there was no anger behind it. No irritation. He was looking up at Tony now, his eyes painfully blue, filled to the brim with warmth, with love, and Tony thought fleetingly that he was glad Steve never tried to play poker.
Steve nuzzled his face into Tony’s neck.  “Fuck ‘em.”
Why was it so damn hot?
He should have been there five hours ago. Five hours. A drive that should have taken six, turned into an eleven-hour slog thanks to a faulty alternator on the bus taking Steve and the rest of his unit home. While they waited for a replacement bus, everyone spent the time either standing around outside the bus, smoking and making desultory chit-chat, or sitting sulkily in their seats. Most had cell phones and called their loved ones to tell them they would be late. The ones who didn’t, borrowed one from someone else.
He kept in touch with the guys--Jeff and Ray and Billy and some of the other locals, but he couldn’t go up there.  It was too much.  He knew he’d have to eventually, even if it was just to clear it out and mark everything for storage, but he couldn’t yet.  It was still too raw, the wound still open.
Steve watched him from across the room.  Watched and listened with a little smile playing around his mouth.  Tony would get what he wanted, Steve knew that, because Tony always got what he wanted.  All he had to do was turn on his charm, speak in a certain tone of voice, laugh a certain way.  Steve almost felt sorry for the guy on the phone because Steve knew he had absolutely no chance against Tony.  He was just glad the guy wasn’t here in the room.  One look in Tony’s eyes, one glimpse of that smile, that tiny tilt of his head, and he’d be begging to do Tony Stark’s bidding.  He’d be all but licking Tony’s palm.
He shrugged one shoulder.
“Do not call me ‘daddy’,” Steve grumbled.  “I am not that thing’s daddy.”
Steve just nodded. For some reason, that hurt worse than anything. That cocktail party tone. That don’t-be-ridiculous answer. It was like a knife on his skin. He turned away, turned his knees to the door, laid his head on the window. “Okay,” he said, and closed his eyes.
The hope broke free and swirled through his body, making him feel young again, but he matched Steve’s tone and body language, trying very hard to keep it serious for now, keep it formal.  “Okay.”
Tony shook his head.  “Put your knees down.  I wanna sit on your lap.”
Steve drug himself up against the headboard, and leaned over to look at the screen in Tony’s hand.  He laughed a little under his breath and laid his head on Tony’s shoulder.  “You finally Googled it,” he said, watching the scaly little creatures wandering here and there, their clawed forelegs held out in front of them.  Even as Steve watched, one rolled abruptly into a ball.
But he didn’t like thinking about Tony. It hurt too much.
“St-Steve…” he choked.
“Fine.”
She came forward slowly, holding the cup carefully in her hands. “Steve told me to bring it to you.”
“Tell me everything,” she whispered. Her eyes were shining with a very specific dark glimmer he hadn’t seen in a couple years. The last time, Sam thought, had been just about nine months before Nick was born. She pressed against him, encircling his waist with her arms. “Speak slowly.” She let her tongue play over his lips. “Leave
“I’m leaving.  I cannot believe you actually expected me to stay.”
It was viciously hot.  And Tony was viciously hard.  He unbuttoned his jeans and took himself in hand, working his own cock fast and hard.  Steve was close, so very close, and Tony was too.  His hand moved faster, and when Steve came down his throat a moment later, Tony was not far behind.
“Okay.  Can you tell me what happened?  I’m sorry if I upset you, but I can’t fix it if I don’t know what it is.”
Bruce went to one of Tony’s computers and started typing.  He typed fast, staring hard at the keys, still worrying a problem in his mind.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you really surprised?”
“Hole in one, Rogers.  713-B.”
he thought again.
“Oh, baby,” Tony said, and eased his arms around his best guy.  Steve leaned against him, taking in the love and comfort Tony wanted so desperately to give him.  Tony had been accused more than once--more times than he cared to remember, actually--of being a stingy lover.  Cold-hearted.  Cruel, even.  But, with Steve, he just wanted to give and give, give until it hurt, give until he bled.  Sometimes, when Steve was lying next to him in bed, Tony would look at him and wonder if he would ever be able to give enough.  Or if he could give too much.  But then Steve would open his eyes and look at him, and Tony would realize how ridiculous that was.  Everything he gave, Steve returned.  Neither of them would ever empty out because they kept replenishing each other.
“And stubborn.”
Tony drug the blankets back over him and he eased immediately into them.
He didn’t think Peter would do that, though.  He was too good a kid.  In fact, he was the kind of kid Tony always wished
“Do you think you could, though?”  Steve asked.  “Do you think I could get you off right here?  Right now?”
“I don’t care about Mrs. Perkins,” Tony said, giving his hand a tug. “Come on. I want to go to your house.”
Tony brought his hand up and laid it against the side of Steve’s neck, touched his bottom lip with his thumb, then trailed it over his chin. Steve smiled more naturally then. His heart didn’t heal, but the cracks didn’t get any deeper either. “I love you,” Tony mouthed, with barely a whisper of sound, but Steve still heard it. And maybe some of those cracks healed a little, after all.
“You are old, soldier,” Tony said.
“That was nice of us.”
future.”
“Steve.”
“Um,” he said, exhaling, “can you stay here with her for a little while? I have an errand to run.”
, but there it was.
“Give him some time.”
Steve fetched a deep sigh. In it, Tony could hear his frustration, his pain, his resolve. He wasn’t coming home. Tony heard that too. Steve wasn’t coming home. He seemed to hear a careless breaking sound then. His heart, falling to the floor. That's all it was. Just his heart shattering on the ground.
Tony pressed a final button.  “There it goes,” he said.
It was soft, but emphatic, and Fury stopped in mid-rant to look at him.
“What does that mean, though?” she asked, sipping her tea.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck with one hand. He could feel how red his face was, how flushed, but he wasn’t embarrassed. He was happy. Extremely happy. Happier than he could remember being for a very long time. “Well, don’t get too excited yet,” he said, knowing full well that not only was
Before the serum, he had only been drunk a handful of times. Once under the boardwalk when he was fifteen. Bucky had found a bottle of rye whiskey under some leaves--some wino’s emergency stash--and the two of them had set to it with hot, guilty abandon. On his seventeenth birthday, Bucky showed up at his door with a bottle of expensive scotch. They drank like kings from plastic cups, toasting each other’s youth, and in Bucky’s case, health and vitality. Bucky toasted Steve’s utterly grand fortune in having a best friend with a silver tongue and sticky fingers who could procure such a life-affirming elixir. Steve told him to go to hell, and the two ended up wrestling on the living room floor until Steve’s mother came home and beat Bucky out of the house with the broom, then sent Steve after him to make sure he was okay.
Steve buried his head in the crook of Tony’s shoulder and hugged him extra-tight. “I love you.”
“Maybe he’ll change his mind,” Steve said, and looked down to see that his hand was now patting Tony’s knee. He wondered faintly when that had happened. “School doesn’t get out for two weeks.”
“Tony doesn’t know,” Howard said. “Yet, anyway. He’s mostly in research and development. He works with the art department, of course, but it’s not his main focus.” He shrugged a bit, one-shouldered like Tony--and Morgan. “When he takes the company over, he’ll be more involved with all the departments. Unless he’d rather stay in R & D and promote someone else to president. There are plenty of viable candidates in the company who would enjoy that work a lot more than Tony would, I think.”
There’d been a pre-Thanksgiving fundraising gala for the homeless of New York, and Pepper had talked him into going.  She hadn’t had to talk too hard.  It had been a cause Maria had always championed, and he liked to keep up with it.
“No, he couldn’t make it, Pete,” he said.  “He told me to tell you he was really proud of you, though.”
He let himself into his apartment, and Dodger went right to his food bowl. Steve didn’t put anything else into it, though. Sarah had fed him dinner. He
“Yes.”
-like you. I’ve got a crush.”
Tony went into the bedroom and stripped his t-shirt off.  The bedroom, he thought as he turned the shower on and stepped under the spray.
. Those words that meant everything, but still didn’t seem like quite enough when it came to Steve Rogers who carried his own words with him. Words that Tony blocked out before they could find their way over, or around, or through his hastily-constructed heart-walls.
“Sure,” Tony said faintly, not even hearing what he was saying. Steve--oh my god, that was
get with Steve, so he’d stay. He’d stay, and just enjoy the last little while he’d have before becoming an adult. Howard wanted him to intern at SI this summer, but Tony didn’t want to. He wanted to spend the summer with Steve. And Sam. And Nat and Clint. Just hanging around. Going to the movies. Going to Coney Island. Maybe taking a drive up north for a few days. Howard never went to the lake house. Tony could take a bunch of friends up and spend a week and Howard would probably never even know about it. God, that would be nice. A week with his friends
“Here,” Steve said.  “Read it.”
Protectiveness swelled in Tony’s heart as he ducked his head, trying to catch Steve’s eye. They skittered away, afraid, refusing to be caught.  Tony let it go.  He wouldn’t force him.  Wouldn’t push him.  But it was cold out, so cold, and it had been a year since Steve had been in the elements.  His immune system was probably low, even with the serum.  He had to get him inside.  Get him warm.  Get him
Steve stood up.  He’d been waiting for this.  Since he’d walked through those lobby doors, he’d been waiting.  There was a meeting.  Tony would be there.  He’d be there.  They had to meet eventually.  It might as well be in the 60th floor conference room.  At least it was neutral ground.
“Kind of think that’s beside the point, baby.”
Tony came to him and dropped to his knees in front of him. He gripped Steve’s hands tightly. So tightly Steve could feel the bones in his fingers grinding together, but he didn’t mind. This would probably be the last time Tony ever touched him. He wanted to feel it. He wanted to feel every little thing about it. “Baby,” Tony pleaded. “What are you talking about?”
Steve swam toward him. He propped himself on his elbows against the concrete ledge and just looked up at Tony. His eyes were big. Blue. Innocent. He wasn’t smiling, but he wasn’t frowning either. Neutral. Tony ached to reach out and touch him, run his hand through his wet hair, feel the smoothness of it between his fingers. Wanted to touch his cheek. His jaw. His lips.
He kissed her cheek, and protested when she said she was going to go cook him a real meal. “We can just go out, Mom,” he said. “You don’t need to-”
could have been.  Smart.  Funny.  Sweet.  Respectful.  It’s probably a good thing he hadn’t met him until he was older.  That way, Tony hadn’t had too much time to fuck him up with his bad influence.  Peter already had the basic goodness instilled.  Tony could just give him the good parts of himself.  He thought he could do that now.
A little smile played around the corners of Nat’s red-painted lips. “You drugged him?”
“Of course, I did.”
getting better,” Strange said, “but he was very bad when he woke up so anything is an improvement.”
him. Missed teasing him, and making him laugh, and seeing his eyes light up whenever Tony came into the room. Missed talking to him. Missed just being around him. He missed him.
, for god’s sake, so I could sign up for this.”
“Really?”
Wanda cut her gaze to Tony.  “I thought he knew.”
wanted it, but now, all these years later, part of him kind of wished he’d waited for something better to come along, and he was ecstatic that Steve had.  The idea was an old-fashioned one--like so many of Steve’s ideas--but maybe  that wasn’t such a bad thing.  Maybe waiting for a good person was an idea that should not have gone out of style in the first place.
Steve unclasped his hands and tugged Tony’s arm.  “Come here,” he said.
"Good," Tony said. He kissed his cheek. His ear. "Next time is good. 'Cause I just want to be sweet to you this time." He let his hand trail down Steve's chest to his hard cock. He stroked it once, twice, suckled at the soft hollow at the base of his throat. "Is that what you want, baby? Do you want me to be sweet to you?"
Tony insisted they stop at Steve’s apartment building on their way out of town so he could say good-bye. Howard didn’t want to. They had a schedule. A flight. Christ, Tony, he’s just some
--little half-smile.  “He wouldn’t make the same choice now, you know,” he said.  “He’d pick you.  Don’t ever throw that away, or take it for granted.  I swear to god, if you do, you’ll regret it for the rest of your life.  And not because of anything I would do to you.  I wouldn’t have to do anything.  You’d do it to yourself.  Wouldn’t you?”
“Do you ever even look out that window?”
“It’s not that sudden,” he mumbled.
Tony stalked forward.  His mind was a whirlwind.  If anyone had ever told him he’d be having this conversation, he would have laughed in their face.  “No.  I’m not telling you that.  But I am telling you I was smart enough to stop.”
“Why didn’t you? Have a baby, I mean?”
“No need to apologize, Captain Rogers,” Hunt said.  “Or thank me.  It was my great pleasure giving you that news.  Believe me.”
They had Sam and his parents over for dinner two nights before the surgery. Sam brought his girlfriend Wanda along, and she spent the evening talking about her brother, looking at Steve the entire time. When they were finished eating, Sam followed Steve into the kitchen and nudged him in the shoulder.
Steve closed the compass in his fist.  “But she’s gone,” he said quietly.  “Honestly, I don’t know why I’m fighting anymore.”
Tony rubbed his face.  “Dude, why do you have to make this so hard?” he asked wearily.  “It’s late.  I’m tired.  Wanda’s tired.  Fuck,
Tony flushed with happiness. Nobody really said they were proud of him. It was nice hearing it. Especially from Steve, even if he was half-joking. “Wanna go watch the rest?” he asked. “I keep hearing about some murderous computer thing. Sounds interesting.”
"At this point?  Not if you ask the way you seem to ask everything else about him," Bruce answered.  "Both of you need to cool off, and maybe not bring up weapon construction."
Clint snorted. "You kidding? She was raised on vodka."
Tony blinked, adjusting his sunglasses, glad suddenly he hadn't taken them off, even though it was fast heading for dark. "Why is there a kitten here?" he asked.
Anger flared in his chest.  “Does Tony know this?  I can’t imagine him letting that happen.”
“You need to come.  Now.”
“Yeah,” Steve agreed. “We’ll see.”
He needed to get out of here. Get away. This--
Tony held out his hand and beckoned Steve closer with a curl of his index finger. “Maybe later,” he said. “Let’s snuggle for a while.”
--watch.
“Yeah. Just thinking.”
“What kind of errand?” Sam asked.
Natasha stayed with him.  “Don’t do this, Steve,” she said, and her eyes drifted to Ross sitting smug and righteous across the table.  “He’s a sadist.  He’ll do everything he can to break you.”
His phone dinged.
money he hadn’t counted on before, and as tired as he was, he eagerly agreed.
Steve immediately pulled his own sweater off and laid it over Tony’s chest. “Better?”
He started to cry.
Sam put his arm around Wanda’s shoulders and gave her a tiny, conciliatory squeeze.  “You know I do.”
“What do you mean, ‘very bad’?”
He heard another one of those tearful sniffs. He didn’t even realize it was him this time.
“Tony-”
Steve raised one shoulder in a self-conscious shrug, but Tony wasn’t fooled. He could tell just how much Steve didn’t want to go. Could feel it in the tension that now tightened his muscles. The way his hand clenched rhythmically on the tie still held in his fist, and Tony was suddenly afraid. Not that Steve would leave, but for the state of his own heart. His physical heart. It hadn’t been this full in years. Maybe ever. He was afraid it might explode with love.
He flashed those eyes at Natasha, the full force of his still-considerable will commanding her silently.  “I promise,” she wept.
“He’s talking to people who aren’t there.  Sergeant Barnes.  A Jonesy.  Morita.  Jacques.”
Tony laughed. “Nah. She wanted you to come back--you and Dodger, both--but no. She wasn’t mad. I think the only way she’d get mad at you is if you like, punched a kitten or something.”
“The boy is not your mission.”
“He’s not just a cat,” Tony said, cuddling the large yellow animal closer.  “He’s our baby.”
Steve tried to smile, gave it his all, and he made it, but just barely.
“You’re welcome.”
“Can we swim in it?” he asked. He suddenly had an overwhelming urge to rip his clothes off and back-flip off the edge of the dock into the water below. He could do it. He was a good swimmer. He’d learned at the YMCA when he was a kid.
voice.
“Oh my god,” Tony breathed, unaware the words were even in his mind before they were on his tongue.
enough, either.
“Boyfriend?”
see them. Whether he wanted to or not.
Sam glanced over at Thanos again.  “Steve did that?”
“It’s perfect.”
. He was a
“Yeah, actually.”
“You know that’s not what I meant.”
Across the room, just like in an old movie, their eyes met. Tony’s dark whiskey brown, Steve’s cool ocean blue. And then there was no sound in his ears. No breath in his lungs. Suddenly there was no one else in the world except Steve and Tony. Tony and Steve. Everything else fell away, especially when the corner of Tony’s bow-shaped lips lifted in a tiny half-smile. When that happened, Steve didn’t feel like just some guy. When that happened, he felt…
“No, I-” he paused, unsure at first, how to proceed, “-I like you.”
Sam caught up with him after school at his locker. Steve had spent the last three hours drifting from class to class, not taking notes, not listening, not paying attention. That was new for him. He liked school. He liked learning. He liked listening to his teachers. But he didn’t do any of that today. Today he just sat slumped in his seat, doodling in the margin of his notebook, thinking about old times. Old times that he hadn’t thought about in a while. Old times that nobody
“What?”
Unless he was getting ahead of himself.
Tony’s heart went out to him and he kicked himself for not biting the bullet himself.  He stepped forward and gestured to the bed with the glass.  Condensation beaded the smooth surface and it almost slipped from his hand.  He tightened his grip.  “Which side?”
Tony expected him to be angry, maybe even yell at him. They’d certainly done it before--descending into shouting matches--but not this time. This time, Steve curled his arm tighter around Tony’s body, and kissed the top of his head instead. “I know,” he said. “I’m sorry.”
Tony loved him in this scenario.  Just as he loved him in all the scenarios he had pictured him in over the years, and he was sure this kid, this Blake (or Black) kid, had went away feeling almost delirious with happiness after their talk.  Tony hoped so.  If this was going where he was afraid it was going, he hoped Blake had spent the rest of his young life able to call up his lunch with Captain Steve Rogers and see it as a perfect, happy memory.
“He wanted to.”
Steve missed him.
Except for more time with her before the ice.  He would have traded anything to have that.
“Tell me one anyway.”
“No one’s,” Nick said.
“Get ready. The car’s downstairs. We’ll have a talk when we get home.”
Steve pushed the gas pedal a little. He set the speedometer at 90.  He wanted to be there already. He wanted to be having this conversation in person.  He wanted to start to put this day away and not have to think about it again for a very long time.
Tony ran his hands over Steve’s back and up through his hair. “Did somebody take something from you, baby?” he asked gently. “Something you didn’t want to give?”
James,
“You read his files?” Steve grumbled.  “Why would you do that?”
Steve shook his head. “No.”
Steve rolled his eyes, but he could see how attached Tony already was.  “You’re delusional,” he muttered, but he’d already given in.  What Tony wanted, Tony got.  And if it made him happy, Steve could put up with it.
“So do you, baby.”
He tossed Tony onto the couch and took the bottle from his fingers.
“You haven’t told him?”
It was a good moment.  A good day.  One of those ones you can keep in your back pocket to pull out and look at when times weren’t going so well.  There’d just been that one little hiccup.  Just the one.  And he could put his thumb over that when looking at it, like you did over a tiny flaw in an otherwise perfect photograph.
Rhodey went on.  “I’m not claiming to be an expert, but I swear to god, I’ve never seen anyone as in love as he is.”  He laughed and slapped Tony on the back.  “I don’t know how you stand it,” he said.
“Gee, you sound
I must admit, this is not my favorite chapter. I tried, but I'm not an action writer. I'm a feelings-person. It seemed to take me forever to get through it, and the result is not the greatest. Sorry 'bout that. :(
Tony gestured toward the open door. “You could stay in the guest room, if you wanted. It’s pretty nice. The bed’s comfy, and there’s a TV. The bathroom’s right across the hall.” He shrugged. “But if you wanted to stay in here, you could. I
“Slow,” he agreed, nodding. Although, honestly, he would have agreed to literally anything Steve said just then.
“Of course, I didn’t mean a dog!”
“I really am sorry,” Tony said, and ran his hand through Steve’s soft blond hair.  It was a win-win, that gesture.  Tony liked doing it, and Steve liked him doing it.  He’d never said so, but his eyes always fluttered closed and his body eased when Tony did it.  It happened just that way now.  He wrapped his big arms around Tony, sunk his head onto his chest, and held him.  He didn’t say anything.  Just held him.
“I wish I could.  I do.  But, I have somewhere I have to be.”  He wiped his eyes and took a breath.  “But I’m going to talk to Nat.  Have her figure out this thing with the girl.  I’ll have Nat fix it.”
, after all--and let him kiss him senseless. Let him do other things too. Let him do whatever he wanted, and damn the fact that the librarian could come along at any second to see just what the fuck those strange noises were coming from the self-help section.
Bruce shook his head.  “I don’t know.  How do you even broach that subject?”
Seven-thirty, and Steve wasn’t here yet.
“Fuck it,” he said, and stuffed his mostly-finished paperwork away into his desk drawers. It was almost done anyway, and the siren-song of cool dark water was suddenly, overwhelmingly more than he could bear.
“It’s okay.”
Tony nodded.  “Me too.  Plus I can tell you about the time Steve got caught in that revolving door.”
“But…?”
Eighteen hours.
"What?"
“Did I hear you say your first-born?  Or was it just three pints of your blood?”
take her out, though.  Take her out and push the gas and really let her show her stuff.  But not tonight.
“There’s not another...monster, is there?”
“Yeah?”
Tony sighed again. “I think I’ll wait ‘til later. Let him eat first. He’s always in a better mood after he eats.”
“Maybe we can try again in a few weeks? When Carlos loses the cast?”
His eyelids drifted closed, then snapped open again, blazing, aware, the pain forgotten.  “Thanos,” he whispered and began to struggle, getting his elbows underneath him and shoving up, incredibly trying to stand, trying to get to his feet and finish the fight he didn’t realize he’d already won.
“I know you will.”
Bruce nodded. “Agreed,” he said decisively.
Steve’s eyes strayed to the book. Of course, it was baby pictures. Of course, they were
“Nah.”
(See the end of the chapter for
anyway. Something to do with his heart.
“You don’t look so hot,” she said, pouring his coffee.  “Rough night?”
Sam stood up and touched Steve’s shoulder.  “Steve?” he said calmly.  “Steve?”
They exchanged one last “I love you”, then Steve hung up the phone and joined the others in aimless talk and even more aimless wandering while they waited. When the replacement bus got there, everyone cheered.
, let alone owned. He wondered how comfortable he’d be there. If he’d be able to relax enough to actually study in a place like that, or if he’d be too nervous about accidentally breaking something to think about history at all.
Tony’s knees felt weak, but he stood up.  It was either stand up or drag him to the ground right there.  He knew which he preferred, but tonight would be soon enough.  Steve was worth the wait.  “It’s a date, soldier.”
She took her keys out of her purse and unlocked the door.  “I plead the Fifth.”
“I wasn’t-”
But he told him everything else.  The things they’d said earlier in the day, as well as the fight they’d had in the evening.  He even told him about Steve’s frustration-fueled violence, although he tried to keep the reason vague out of respect for Steve’s privacy.  Tony was pretty sure Rhodey understood anyway.
Steve looked up, but it was just a squirrel. "You think they'll come back for you?"
And the tag-along.
The fox thrusts his head from the basket and makes a disgusted noise. "
But what could he do? It's not like he can just kill him, that didn't work the first time...
The sky was blood red and filled with stars.
'!? I'm a
It was in that moment that Tony realized the bigger picture here.
He didn't want to be a breeding hub for that
Tony looked like he was about to say something else, but he just smiled instead. Ran his finger down the slope of Steve's nose to his mouth and traced it. "Get some sleep," he said.
“I hope you like pot roast,” Steve was saying, oblivious to Tony’s inner turmoil. “It’s kind of old-fashioned, I know, but my mom used to make it sometimes. I thought you might like it.”
“Well,” Tony drawled, sliding it away, then began sliding it all away, like a kid putting his toys away at night.  “That’s the start of it, yeah.  But then it goes into the mechanics, and the electrical.  Not to mention Rhodey’s far less-developed sense of bad-assery compared to my own,” he said, and winked.  “But here’s the cool thing: I can fix it.  I can fix the code and the mechanics and the electrical, and all the rest of it.  Except Rhodey.  I can’t fix him.  I’ve tried.”
Steve turned on his side to look into those eyes. Those brilliant, bright eyes. “What if it’s too much?”
Tony’s heart stopped. His breath stopped. For a moment, everything felt like it stopped. Including the world. It stopped spinning on its axis. Everything just stopped. “You mean like ever?” Tony asked, trying to keep the tremble out of his voice. “I thought this was temporary. A three-year thing? Just to pay for college?”
"And what benefit is there for me to do that?"
"I would hazard a guess that the answer's no," Bruce responded, setting the kettle carefully back on the burner and turning to face Clint.
"That was the intent," Tony said and frowned when Rhodey was looking sideways at him. "What?"
Loki shrugged a shoulder, "He's awfully
She nodded slightly from where she was draped on the couch with a book.  Pulling her legs up near her chest, she motioned to the rest of the couch, "Yes.  Come sit down."
"Where's he sleeping tonight?"  Bruce asked.
Natasha's lips curled upward as she answered, "Mistletoe."
Clint actually laughed. “What, you don’t want to catch a game and then really greasy pizza while we walk along the harbor?”
"I have no home," Loki replied, pulling away and retreating a handful of steps.
"Small minds seem to really like irrelevant things," Tony remarked.
Steve clearly remembered that fight himself, sinking further down and looking abashed.  Pepper glanced at him and arched an eyebrow, trying to figure out if she was actually going to ask before deciding not to, turning back to Tony.  "And then you flew a nuke into an alternate dimension. Really, Tony, we like you
Pepper offered him a long look, but didn't pursue it, "Maybe it isn't."
"It must be hard to let go of someone you love."
Clint just sighed. "I suppose this means we should wrap our presents, huh? As Thor's the only one to think these things through."
“Popcorn?” Thor asked, perking slightly at what he assumed was another kind of Midgardian food.
"And it's given him the wrong idea," Bruce insisted.  "Whatever Fury chose to show him was no true evidence of who you are and Steve hasn't taken the opportunity to find out more."
"I hope so," Clint said. "I mean, sure, we fought together a few times but I don't really know him at all but the way—Bruce didn't really look like himself either."
Loki Laufeyson’s lips quirked upward, “Well, I’m still recovering and I wasn’t expecting to see you here.”  He took a sip of his drink, shaking his head, “Though what you’re doing here peaks the smallest bit of my interest.”
He paused. "Alright," he said, eye lingering on her for a long time. She considered him for another moment before she slid out of the room silently, leaving the door on the latch.
"Actually, no, I have a new idea," Clint said, clapping his hands. "There's a tree in the lobby, right? Well, no one's going to be at work tomorrow and they've already gone home tonight. We should kidnap it."
“Because, it’s just,” Clint looked away. “Here’s the thing. The Hulk is very interested in me.”
Bruce drew a deep breath and let it out, "Steve, think, a person doesn't carve a cavity like that in their chest for that sort of reason."
"I like this," Tony said and kissed his shoulder blade. "Unless you're uncomfortable."
“Uh-huh,” Tony agreed and he looked around the room again, Nick Fury coming out of the kitchen and pausing when he found Samuel sitting on the back of the couch and meowing for someone to either pay him attention or open the wrapping of a present because he wanted to play. Tony started to feel his hackles rise as Nick considered their cat but then Nick did the last thing Tony expected which was to lean down and actually
"I hear California's less grey," Steve said before he caught it.
“You’re joking,” Tony remarked, glancing up. “What in the name of—of you I guess—are you doing here? And where is the logic in actually seeking me out to sit next to? Tasteful drinks though, you have some taste."
"That's true, but that of course then presents the question of the ethics of wandering around in someone else's body, so I try not to think about that much," Charles replied, stepping inside as the elevator arrived.  "So, you're all grown up now.  How is it having a team of your very own?"
"No."
Finding what he wanted, Clint moved to the counter quickly so Steve wouldn't see what he was buying, stowing the films in his bag. "I'll be outside," he told Steve and moved outside, letting his head thud against the side of the building.
"They're nice enough to look at, at least," Steve offered, frowning at the three different tree toppers that he'd found.
"And eviscerating you would give me so much more pleasure than poison," Loki replied with a thin smile.  "Have a good evening, Stark."
"You are so lucky I don't sleep in the nude," Tony shot back, hands curling around a coffee cup and inhaling the scent before focusing on actually drinking it.
"Well," Thor laughed, tilting his head back to the sky. "Perhaps they will learn to fight together and slowly work backward."
She curled the kitten close, listening to him chirp, "Until they turn from kittens into cats."
“Fine,” he practically growled. “How’re you and Fury?”
"Bruce seems the sort of guy who has a sense of humor, though," Steve replied, considering the assortment of puzzles.
"Will I?"  He didn't sound like he believed that in the least.
"I think I might be able to find something for Natasha here.  The other two gifts probably won't be at a bookstore," Bruce answered, considering the store at large.
Pressing his nose against her shoulder, he clung to her, listening vaguely to the sounds of Darth Vader and R2-D2 in the next room over.
Yanking his shirt on, Steve headed for the door, "Come on, better talk to him now."
"Uh, yes I am," Tony said, smearing his mouth along Steve's cheekbone.
“How much of your blood is on my floor, exactly?” Thor asked.
"I have far too many things I wish to do before then," Loki answered, sweeping out of the bar. Tony finished the drink he had, dropping down more money than was necessary before trailing out, thinking about the way Loki's eyes had tightened.
He nodded at that, "My vote is entirely 'yea' for that."
Pepper nodded her agreement, "That's more than fine.  What, what is—"
"Because I don't know if I could have kept it.  And I, I never know what's going on when the Other Guy is in control.  To come out of that and find out that he hurt her or worse?"  Bruce shook his head, "I couldn't."
She pushed off the desk at that, "We've reached a truce, yes."
"Well, I technically didn't break that," he said after a beat. "I'll kill Clint when I get home."
Bruce offered him another smile as he flipped the pancakes, "How long before the tabloids start speculating about them do you think?"
After a second the corners of Clint’s mouth quirked up and he reached one of his hands out, taking Bruce’s and twining their fingers together. “I do like you.”
“Is there something to be worried about?” Rhodey asked, looking at Tony.
“I would not without discussing it first, no,” Thor said. “It is a conversation the three of us would have to have as equals.”
Natasha glanced up from her knives that she was sharpening, "Christmas Eve?  Already?"
"So long as it's for the right reasons," Tony said. "Building weapons and killing people for the
"I'll be fine,” he said, glancing down at where their hands were still dangerously close. “Just need to take a couple of minutes and calm down a bit. Will you?"
Natasha arched an eyebrow, "He gave you an entire floor to yourself.  The kitten doesn't have to be in his space."
"So what specifically are you asking, then, Stark?"
Bruce snorted at that, shaking his head. Steve's brows rose slightly at that, but he shrugged, “Well, I guess since we're all staying here, you'll have the chance to run it by us.”
Shifting back on his heels, Steve's eyebrows rose, "I'm beginning to feel like a pin-up."
When Tony beat a retreat and Steve wandered off, Clint looked over at Natasha. "Okay, I had grief as my excuse, what the hell is theirs?" Thor looked over and then didn't comment.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Tony managed, strangled when Steve moved, watching the ways his muscles moved under his skin. Without realizing it he had drifted several steps closer.
For a moment Thor only stared at him, eyes dark before he dropped his hand. "Happy Holidays, brother," he said and turned, walking away.
"Please don't start comparing me to fucking Xavier, Jarvis. He has a school full of strays."
"What's the story with the model?" Bruce asked after a moment.
“Good,” Tony declared, looking uncomfortable, as if he had exposed himself and wasn’t really sure what he’d gotten back. “Well, if you wanna get to sleep I’ll just… leave you to it.”
"Did she really lie to him?" Steve asked.
Loki snorted derisively at that before pouring his strength into another shove against Thor's chest, "Wonderful.  Well, why don't you go back to them, them?"
“What, right now?” Loki asked and gestured to his side, where a bandage was now faintly visible through the hole torn in his tunic. “I don’t think that would be advisable, do you?”
"Too much effort tonight," Loki replied, watching him go and waiting before departing in the opposite direction.
"I can see that." He poured himself a glass of water and moved over to join them, "Who are we celebrating and mourning?"
"If it's too much trouble I can find somewhere else," Steve offered quickly.
"They'd have cute kids," Tony continued, eyes sharp as he watched Loki. "Her eyes, his physique. How long would they live, do you think?"
"Sir," Jarvis drawled. "You have a tower of strays."
Natasha nodded very slightly, rising and slipping into the kitchen while Clint got the movie set. Steve glanced around at the team, tilting his head back enough to look at Tony and offering him a crooked grin before turning his attention back to the television.
“Perhaps I consider you my last safe harbor,” Loki said, not looking at him.
“I have to admit I didn’t realize that there was more than one kind,” Bruce said with a hint of a smile.
"Yeah, of course about us," Tony said, crossing his arms and leaning against the door.
"He's not a guest, he's a pest and a menace," Tony said, though he grinned over at Steve from the workbench, Clint looking even more confused from the couch where he was eating with the cat in his lap.
“You know, it might be,” Clint said. “It’s going to take a while. You’ve already been way more patient than anyone should have asked you to be.”
Tony blinked and realized that yes he did have a fireplace and then shrugged. "Just don't cut down a tree in Central Park."
Loki's eyes narrowed dangerously, "You're a fool."
"So soon?  A pity, you're the most interesting company I've encountered here," Loki said, green eyes following Tony's movement.
That earned a blink, "I think we have different definitions of the word 'eat'."
"Alex and I get along fine, thank you much," Charles responded, which was a lie.  "And Emma, can be a charming woman when she wants to be."
"That's part of the problem," Natasha shot back.
"Yeah, yeah, it'll be fine," Clint said, waving a hand. "Besides, I need to do some target practice and the poor thing already looks tired."
"Ha ha," Tony said. "These things just happen, okay? I'm sure the set is fine."
"It's not going on the tree," Tony said.
“No, seriously, it’s creepy,” Tony muttered, stretching out and collapsing back.
"You're not going to do this again, are you?"
"No luck," he said and paused, as Tony's shoulders stiffened. "Is that a cat?" he asked, frown deepening.
Steve looked up, startled slightly, "Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes."
“Yes, and I half expect you to try it again,” Thor said.
"You going to be okay?" Tony asked, following him.
That earned a faint twitch of Bruce's lips, "I guess so."
"How did this even start?"
“I thought you were supposed to be an icon,” Tony huffed out a breath, eyes following Steve before he broke, surging forward to slam against him, hands curling around his neck, sliding along the line of his shoulders as he kissed him. Tony had never felt horribly short before, until he had to drag Steve’s head down and curl around his body. Steve leaned down into the kiss, one hand on Tony's hip and the other arm around his waist, pulling him close.
"When was anyone going to tell me Phil was dead?" Clint demanded, anger entering his voice.
"Tony and Clint," Bruce answered, following Thor.  "I don't know what I'm getting them, and I'm hoping I will when I see it."
“Yeah, probably,” Bruce agreed and paused. “Okay, but you do know
"You know, that's the first name you've said I actually like," Clint said.
“You still have it, don’t you?” and there was something lost in Loki’s voice that made Thor’s shoulders drop for a moment.
“Not by you,” Jane said. “By everything. I’m working on a paper, and an experiment, and you’re back and that’s—wonderful. It’s just hard. Flying between New Mexico and here.”
"No, but we're in the middle of a truce currently, and you might try it yourself."
Rising suddenly he moved to the kitchen, bracing his arms against the counter when he was out of the others’ sight. So much for relaxing. Natasha looked up from where she was putting popcorn in the microwave, several more bags at her elbow. She paused for a brief moment before moving over to her partner and leaning against the counter next to him, “You going to be able to get through the films, Clint?”
"We could try melting it down," Bruce offered as Clint looked over.
Tony’s groan was high pitched and he shuffled forward on the counter until he could drag their hips together. “This towel is a tragedy.”
“Star Wars,” Clint said, looking him over once. “To relax. Which you look like you need, unless this is one of those things that just can’t wait.”
"So am I.  Stark and Rogers seem to be heading toward their own truce," she paused briefly before actually leaning her hip against his desk.
Tony shook his head all the way back to the tower, muttering about Charles. He deposited the fondue sets where they belonged, watching the way they actually cuddled together in the cupboard for far too long. It was a revelation from his AIs he actually had no interest in seeing but couldn’t look away from.
"You could have told us you were coming," Thor rumbled, shifting his arms.
Tony blinked and looked between Clint and Steve. "Huh. Well, I have two couches I suppose. Most of my guest rooms sorta got smashed or rather broken up."
Steve blinked, "What?  It, it powers the suit."
"Which means something that we can all enjoy, or at least partake in," she followed his gaze.  "You could always upgrade it later," Natasha could not believe those words had come out of her mouth and she was certain she was going to regret them later.
Natasha sent a glance toward the ceiling, "I'm pretty certain that would entail Tony getting along with Nick even remotely."
Tony avoided meeting Steve's look. Steve ignored Rhodey and Pepper, his attention entirely on Tony something indistinguishable in his voice, "You were dying?"
"Well, glad we could provide then," Tony said as Clint strung a strand of lights up around the doorway.
"Maybe so."  He had a feeling she had been right though.  The waiter returned and Bruce signed the slip, rising as Betty did.  They picked up their coats and headed for the door, hailing a cab and sharing it to her hotel.
That earned a snort and a shake of Bruce's head, “It's possible that something could be reverse engineered to take into account the exact physical qualities and weaknesses of his biology."
Thor smiled happily at them. "Then I shall see if I can find a log."
Steve came to a stop next to him, both of them in the doorway, "Tony, what Rhodey said earlier.  About the terrorists, and revenge? And a box of scraps in a cave?  What really happened that I don't know there?"
"Just so you're clear that's the level my good ideas ever exist on," Tony replied.
Tony nodded.
Steve closed his eyes. Ran a hand through his hair. “But it never did.”
“I definitely will,” she said, giving them a look.  “That was real nice.”
“Shh,” Tony said, and cupped Steve’s chin, tilting his head to kiss him. The angle was a bit awkward, but Tony’s tongue was warm, his breath soft on Steve’s mouth. “Everything’s good, baby. Every little thing is just right.”
Tony paid no attention to the sounds of Bucky’s broken sobs or the murmured words of the other two people there with him.  He said his name again--”Steve”--tasting it on his tongue, trying to make it last, and held him tighter, afraid to let go because once he did, that would be the end.
. They were all a part of something. They all recognized some part of themselves in each other, and sometimes they were the only people Steve was interested in being around. In a lot of ways, they were as much his family as Natasha and Bucky. It hurt him to feel like that, but he did.
“Maybe.”
“I took a few photos,” he said. “With your permission, I’d like to show them to Mr. Wong, the head of our art department at S.I. I think he’ll be impressed too.” Howard smiled a little, his eyebrow still cocked. “And he
Steve laughed. It was more bait. He knew what Josh was doing, and while he didn’t blame him for trying to win this little battle by any means necessary, he wasn’t going to just hand the victory over to him without a fight. Because really, he knew who was going to win. It was by default--Steve was leaving tomorrow and Josh would still be here--but Josh was going to win in the end. Steve just wanted to make him work for it a little. “Nah,” he said. “No college would ever take me. I wouldn’t even have graduated high school if it wasn’t for Tony.”
.. / .-.. --- …- . / -.-- … ..-
“I also had to keep him sedated for part of the time.  Especially at night.  His nightmares were extraordinarily pronounced.”
“Did we wake you up?” Tony asked.
After he sipped his new cup, Strange said, “Yes, you are right.  At the time, I did say those things, and at the time, they were one hundred percent true.  Steve was in a mental facility.  He was not in full possession of his faculties.  He had tried to commit suicide multiple times.”
Tony almost let him go, and instead, pulled him closer, wrapping his arm around him, tugging him against his side.  “I don’t think I can give him up without a fight.”
“Hey,” he said.
“Tony didn’t mention this.”
Tony said no.  But not right away.  There had been a pause, a pregnant, silent, thirty-second pause while he considered it.  While he weighed the world against a quiet life with Steve.  Thirty seconds had not seemed like a long time to him, but to Steve, who had apparently not been sleeping, it must have felt like an eternity.
.  That’s what it had been.
But those were just dreams, like the ones he had of Tony soft and pliant in his arms.  Not real.  And that electricity had been a static charge released by his skin on the wood.  Nothing more.
They didn't talk as they made their way down to Tony's room. Their mouths were too occupied with other, more pleasurable endeavors. An occasional word did find its way through. Mostly Tony’s name mixed with that of god’s, and for Steve, in that moment, the two were interchangeable. In that moment, the thought of praying to--being on his knees for--Tony for the rest of his life felt not only right, but fundamental. The most basic of necessities, and Tony read those signals loud and clear.
“I already did.”
“Shut the fuck up.”
Sitting. Not sulking.
Strange shook his head.  “Not anymore, you’re not.  I’ll pay for his treatment myself if it means you can’t hold it over our heads.  Or his.”
“Gina.”
“A few.  I don’t know.  He only came while I was under.  I don’t remember how many.  Please, Tony.  Please.”
Steve leaned his head against the back of the seat.  “Do you think those kids will remember tonight?  When they get to be our age?”
“Hey, yourself.”
“Bucky,” Sam said, and touched his arm.  Bucky kept walking, head down, eyes red, hair hanging, but he closed his hand on Sam’s shoulder as he passed.  Sam smiled a little--it felt like a win.
“Good choice.”
A razor-sharp sliver of hate slipped into Tony’s heart. He gripped Steve’s arm tighter. “Did he hurt you?”
She kept coloring, diligently staying within the lines. “Sarah said you didn’t feel good.”
“I won’t be happy
Tony grasped the arm of his coat and shook it a little. “
When he came out, they cooked dinner together just like they used to. Steve watched his mother while they chopped vegetables and pan-fried chicken breasts. He watched her face, and the way she moved, loving the familiarity of it on one hand, but growing worried on the other.
She flapped a hand. “Oh, honey, none of that’s changed. I just don’t think it will be an issue.” She leaned forward. "Do you?"
“Thor?
“Thank you,” Tony said and kissed his spot once more before straightening up.
“Shh.  I know.”  Words spoken into the sweet warmth of his mouth.  “It’s okay, baby, I’ve got you, alright?  Don’t worry.”
“Over-achieving assholes.”
In spite of his breaking heart, Tony pressed on. He had to. He
“Are you sure you’re okay?” Jack asked.
And here it was. A pretty little girl, decked out in a red dress, smiling into a camera, looking so much like Tony that Steve felt sick to his stomach. Feeling those old sensations of want, and grief, and pain surge up inside him again, threatening to take him over. He put his hand in his pocket and closed it over his six-month chip. He’d backslid a few times since trying to get sober, but he had six months now. Six long months. He ran his thumb over the face of it, then clenched it tight in his fist.
Steve lay over on the bed, rolling onto his side next to Tony and touched his t-shirt.  The Eagles.  They were a little more mellow than Tony’s usual taste, but Steve liked them.  It was nice.  Finally liking some of the same music Tony did.  He got the feeling that Tony had been searching for a band they could both enjoy, and Steve was happy he’d found one.  Happy he’d finally been able to give Tony something that seemed so important to him.
Tony nodded and took his glasses off.  He remembered a time when he had been able to do all the tiny, fiddly work without glasses.  Apparently, those days were now gone.  Eh.  Sunrise, sunset.  What are you gonna do?
Steve inclined his head just enough to plant a kiss to Tony’s neck. “Don’t, okay? Don’t worry about this.”
He didn’t enter the shadows, he simply became one of them, and then Tony was alone in the building again.  He looked down at Steve’s name, started then finished by the two men who knew him best, who loved him best.  He toed a little heart next to it, feeling lovestruck, but not a bit embarrassed about doing it, then left, slipping out the door the way he’d come in.
The spot where Steve died.
“Okay.”
Steve smiled, and the day seemed immensely, immediately brighter.  “Okay.”
He turned back to Steve, anger and frustration coursing through his veins, ready to grab him by the shoulders and shake some sense into him.  But Steve was already looking at him, already watching him with a cautious hope.
Tony didn’t like the way he did that, gesturing with such familiarity and confidence with his glass. That had been Howard’s specialty. The ease of a veteran drinker. Tony frowned. “No,” he answered. “I’m good.”
He couldn’t call Tony. He’d already decided that would never work, but he knew where the Stark Industries offices were. Sure, he did. He passed by it sometimes. When he did, he never looked at it. He just kept walking with his head down, his hands shoved into his pockets, trying to look like a man who didn’t know anything about anyone in that building. That it meant nothing to him.
“Roof,” Clint said and pointed at the ceiling. He yawned, then curled himself back around Natasha.
“You sure?”
-ways? I don’t know about-”
Steve wheeled into the bathroom and closed the door softly behind him.
Tony laid tiny kisses between Steve’s shoulder blades, down his spine to the small of his back, as he lubed up his own cock. “Ready, baby?” he said.
wouldn’t be happy unless they were together either.
“And again,” Tony said, a hint of indignation in his voice, “
, not an episode of the fucking
Steve slipped his hand off Tony’s hip and drug it up his back then trailed it back down over his spine using just his fingertips.  The effect was dizzyingly familiar and well-loved.  “Anyway,” he said, “you stopped writing.  After a while.”
“Figure it out, Tony,” Steve snapped.  “You’re supposed to be a genius.”
“It wasn’t your fault, Steve,” Tony said, leaning forward himself, putting his elbows on his knees. “What happened. It wasn’t your fault.”
“Look who I found sitting at our table drinking coffee when I came home from work this morning.”
“Know what?” Nat asked.
She smiled at him. Just a natural, friendly smile, and it put him at ease for the first time since walking through the door. “You probably want R and D,” she said. “That’s where Mr. Stark spends most of his time.” She typed something on her computer. “I’m not sure if he’s here today,” she went on. “He usually works out of the L.A. office.”
God, why was he
.  Tell him.”
“Umm,” Tony said, trying not to lose the train of his thoughts to the feeling of Steve’s fingers slipping through his again. “It’s past three, Steve. Three-twenty, remember?”
“Really?” Rhodey said.  “Because it looks to me like he made the right call.  You’ve lost weight, and you don’t look like you’ve been sleeping.”  He gave Tony a stern, motherly look.  “You look like shit, man, and if you can’t talk to him, then talk to me.”
“You asked for it off, Steve,” Tony went on. “You told them you had to have it. We have plans...I made
Steve frowned. “What?”
Rhodey shook Steve’s hand then hugged Tony long and hard.  Tony planted a gruff kiss on his cheek.  Rhodey pulled back and held him at arm’s length.  That motherly look was back on his face.  “You remember what I said, Tony.”
“The squirrel was back.  It knocked over the bird-feeder again.”
“Okay, baby,” Tony said. “I will.”
Tony raised his eyes and found Steve’s. “Baby,” he breathed, and Steve smiled.
For a long time.
“And I’ll be back in ten minutes with Sam.”
“That’s fucked up, Steve,” he spat.  “‘Greatest Generation’, my ass.”
“How are you, Steven?” Howard asked when he was inside. “Sit down.”
Okay, so i reworked this a little, and here is the result. Sorry I haven't updated for awhile, but my previous shambles became shamblier, and I lost my Wi-Fi so I haven't been able to get much done. Also, I wrote this on my phone.  I HATE doing that, so if the format is fucked up, or you spot any mistakes, please forgive them!
he thought.  “Sit up a little,” he said.
Tony sat beside him on the bunk and gestured at the room.  “Nice digs, baby,” he said.  “Really embracing that whole ‘prison chic’ look, huh?”
Tony shook his head.  Confusion and sick anger bubbled inside him.  Confusion was winning out at the moment, but the anger was beginning to grow.  He could feel it rising to dominance, and he was afraid--afraid of what he would say and do when it finally won out.
Tony shook his head.  Through the window, he saw Steve turn the corner.  Where was he staying?  Was he living here now?  Had Fury found him a place?  Had Nat known?  Was that what she was going to tell him?  “No.  It wasn’t.”
Sam raised an eyebrow expectantly. His own face was unharmed, but his clothes were dirty. His shirt was torn and missing a button.
“Deactivation sequence completed, Mr. Stark.  Rogers. Steven, Grant.  Access Code 112-A no longer functional.”
“Okay.”
Steve squeezed him back, loving that he could do that. It seemed like a long time since he’d hugged his best friend. “Thanks. Tell her I appreciate it. I do. But.” He shrugged, and Sam nodded.
“How’s tricks?”
Tony plucked at the sleeve of his t-shirt.  “Come over here,” he said.  “I think I owe you one or two goodnight kisses.”
“Nothing, really,” he muttered, and it was the truth.  Nothing had happened.  He’d stretched out in one of the two twin beds with the window open…
Especially not today.
“Send Ross my love,” Tony said, “and tell him Cap said to fuck off.”
“That’s perfect.  Thanks.”
“Was that sarcasm, Mr. Rogers?”
He was nervous.
in a way he would never belong to anyone--
“Morgan.”
“That was quite a display in there, wasn’t it?” Tony said, squeezing Bruce’s shoulder.
"But I do steal the covers sometimes,” Steve said, nuzzling closer to Tony. “Just so you know.”
Steve looked down at the ground and leaned back against the counter. “So, let’s talk about her.”
Steve nodded and looked down at his hands. He thought of Tony at the lake house, kneeling in front of him, his heart in his eyes, tears on his cheeks. Thought of him locked in his arms, thought of him lying on his bed, all of the choices they’d made, all of the good-byes they’d suffered through. “Yeah,” he said. “There are always consequences. Aren’t there, Mr. Stark?”
Sarah hugged them all at the door afterward. She teared up again as she held Steve, but waved him off when he tried to say something. “Don’t,” she said firmly. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
to bear.
s, and I’ve seen those enough.”
“Mm-hmm.”
Steve shook his head.
"I care."
“You’re
“Thank you for letting me come talk to you.”
, Steven.
“Steve’s not gay, or straight, or anything else.”
to be used at the start, red.  After that...it doesn’t matter.”
“You know where it is.”
Steve was quiet while they stopped at his locker to retrieve his books. Tony leaned against the one next to it, and Sam stood in front of him, the two of them talking like old friends. He wasn’t sure how it had happened, but Steve felt like his life had taken a direct 180 degree turn. It hadn’t been
“Yeah.”
He didn't give those gray hairs a second thought.
“We’ve talked
“Buckle up, boss.  We’ll leave in five.”
candy man was tired of visitors.  Golden Ticket, or no.
He took her hand and threaded their fingers together.  “I’m on yours, too.  You do know that?”
He called him. “Tony? Are you okay? It’s almost noon, and I'm starting to get worried. Or nervous or something. Call me, okay? Please? Sorry if I’m being stupid. I just want to make sure you’re alright.”
“Hello?” And her voice was already cautious.
,” Steve said, then ran his fingers over the cat’s smooth back.  “I think he needed a little quiet, too.”
Steve shook his head. "That's not the point, Tony. I don't care if he presses charges. I don't care if-"
"You're so good, baby," Tony whispered, curling against him and stroking his hair.  "So perfect. I love you so much."
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, rattling the door handle to humor Steve.  “We’ll have to do something about that when we go back.”
Steve avoided him the rest of the time they were at Jen's.  At the door, Jen gave Steve a long, tight hug, then turned him aside where Bobby did the same, clinging to him like a koala, then stepped back finally to let Jasmine kiss his cheek and tell him thank you for helping.  She gave him another loaf of banana bread, and Steve thanked her.
“Shut up, Tony.”
“Yeah. You are. You’re-” he shook his head, waving his hand vaguely, “-more...I don’t know. Just different.”
“Is that the last of it?”
“FRIDAY told me.  Where are my keys?  Ah.” He scooped a set off the table he’d sat on to bandage Steve’s hands.  “Ready?”
Steve got wordlessly out.  Tony got out too.  They both stood in the open doors of the car, staring up at the house.
“Think you can help me get him to bed?”
They looked at each other in the shifting blue dim. That clarity in his head making everything about Tony stand out. The dark of his eyes. The length of his lashes. The heat of his body so close to Steve’s own. He liked the way Tony had pushed the sleeves of his shirt casually up, exposing his forearms. Liked the look of the smooth skin that covered the inner curve. He wanted to kiss it. Run his tongue along the blue vein, that protruded from his wrist to the crook of his elbow. He wanted it. Wanted
doing here?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah,” Steve said immediately. “If I was her, you bet I would.”
“That was diplomatic of you,” Steve said. “I’m proud.”
That last point most of all.
They stopped outside an office door, and the guard rapped on it twice.  People milled around them, their hands full of papers or curled around phones or bottles of water.  One man at a desk a few feet away was eating his lunch.  Steve stared.  It looked like a cobb salad.  Chicken.  Bacon.  The feta cheese smelled sharp and enticing.  Steve’s mouth watered.  He had never wanted anything as badly as he wanted to go over and stuff that entire tray of lettuce and cucumber and dressing into his mouth.  Even from here, he could see the bacon was crisp and peppery.
That earned a long pause before Bruce's smile took on an amused slant, "That, actually that does help more than I expected."
"Same to you," Charles called after him as the door swung shut.
Tony stilled, turning to look at him for a long moment before snapping his eyes back. "Shrapnel in my heart. Keeps it out." He had told Bruce what it was, on the Helicarrier when he wanted Bruce at least to be on his side. But no one else who didn't already know.
“You know, while I remember the fact I have historically fucked up on things like allergies and dates I think I’m actually a little insulted right now,” Tony huffed as Steve reached out, pulling him down on the bed beside him. “Steve you’re going to stain the sheets if I end up on
Jane glanced up at Thor, offering him a broad grin, pleased to be there, "Personally I prefer plain drip coffee or white chocolate mochas."  She paused before resting her hand on Thor's arm, Eric bringing up the rear.
“I don’t know,” Thor said, turning away.
He considered where they might find that, "It occurs to me that the two of us who are completely unfamiliar with this city are out together."
Tony squinted at Bruce and Clint but didn't say anything as Natasha fended off the first fondue set so Steve could wash the second one.
Clint ignored him. "Samuel, huh? Do you like that one?" he asked, petting the kitten under the chin and grinning at the purr.
“Yeah,” Tony said, kicking the toe of his shoe on the ground. “Well enough for getting into fights with Steve Rogers.”
Bruce laughed, sliding the finished pancakes onto another plate and shutting off the stove before joining Clint, "Lots of teeth, but really fascinating biology when you get right down to it."
"And here I thought you were exaggerating," Natasha shook her head. "You're going to have to eventually talk to Bruce about this.  And no I'm not saying now.  But eventually."
"Bit of both," Bruce answered, his lips curling upward slightly again as he glanced at Clint.  "There's no way they were both aware of how the other would react to that, so the secretly gay lovers is probably out.  But secretly wanting the other?  That I believe."
"I'm sure he'll like that," Steve said, gesturing to the chemistry set. "This?  Not so sure about."
"He was gone by then," Clint said. "More or less. I may have approached him first. You think I would have learned after the first time."
"And that was entirely not what I meant to say," Bruce murmured.
"Have you ever had a latte?" Thor asked, looking over when Darcy flipped Jane off before heading toward the kitchen. "I have only recently tried one and quite found I enjoyed it. We should go and find some of those instead."
Rolling a shoulder, Tony looked around. “Anything I could remember. You have a front room too, but I thought this might make it feel a bit more like… someplace you wanted to hang out.”
"I need more than one perspective you know," Fury snorted. "Besides, Clint won't be making a report after that. In fact, I assume he's at Stark's right now finding all the alcohol."
“Why would I be pleased by that?” Thor asked. “Seeing you once a year, when you think you would get amnesty from me? Is that what our lives are going to be like now?”
"I'm allergic," came the answer, Bruce leaning back.
"My father was a very charming man," Tony said and Clint opened his mouth before clicking it shut. "It doesn't matter, anyway,"
"Less sent, more picked up by me," Clint replied mildly.
Tony’s eyes softened slightly, though the rest of his face and posture only expressed a relaxed pleasure. “Well, everyone should have a place to go back to, shouldn’t they? I mean, especially when you don’t have a lot of pla—anyway, how’d your tour of veteran America go?”
Bruce spoke, glancing up, "He just invited you both to live with him. Or said he wouldn't as the case might be."
Eyes narrowing in consideration, Clint tilted his head to one side but he didn’t say anything about Bruce referencing the Other Guy. "I can get myself in pretty far."
"A few times," Loki shrugged dismissively.  "But no, no evidence I can offer to one such as yourself."
Bruce paused at that, nodding again, "I don't want this to be a fling.  And I'm not sure what that's going to look like, but there's got to be a way around the other guy."
"Yeah, okay," Tony said, rocking back on his heels and then forward into the elevator. When Steve followed him, he hooked a finger in the front of Steve’s shirt, pulling him down for another kiss.
"Probably," Thor said. "But I'm letting you go this time, aren't I?"
"Who are you shopping for?" Thor asked, dragging his eyes away from a book on architecture around the world which featured a golden style cover.
That earned another laugh as Steve fumbled with the fly on Tony's pants, before getting distracted and going for the shirt instead. It didn't take him long to undo all the buttons, almost tearing a few of them right off the shirt before he pushed it apart and Tony sat up to shrug it off his shoulders and throw it somewhere off the side of the bed. When he fell back down, Steve sat back on his knees, letting his eyes rove over the other man before leaning up and kissing him again, "Gorgeous."
"Just don't fuck it up, okay?" Rhodey said. "I may want to strangle Tony but he's like my really annoying little brother—only I get to do that. I get really cranky when other people try."
They sat like that for a while, quiet and together, testing out the waters of existing in the same space.
Twirling the martini glass between his fingers, Loki leaned back in his chair.  He had changed his appearance in minor ways again: grey eyes rather than green, slight softening of his features, and changing his hair to a dark brown.  Looking his drinking companion over he took another sip from his glass, "So how long before your compatriots decide to tail you, do you think?"
"That," Clint nodded and Tony glared at Bruce.
"Which means that you can be prepared when he shows himself again.  It also gives us a better idea of where to search for the bastard."
"Damn, and I thought this was honestly going to be that simple," Tony sighed, shaking his head slightly and meandering further into the store, hands in his pockets. "What are you getting everyone then?"
"Still it," Clint said, touching Bruce's hand before he thought about it, a motion he just did automatically before snatching it back. "That's good right?"
Exiting the kitchen, Natasha paused at the sight of her teammates, “What are you going with now?”
Just then the sky outside darkened, lightning flashing before a shape landed outside the floor to ceiling windows on the pad. Straightening, the form shook its shoulders and strode forward. “My friends!” Thor greeted once Jarvis made sure the doors were opening for him.
Bruce sidled closer, ostensibly to grab another string of lights, but really to get a closer look the the boxes. "It would seem Thor's the only one of us who thought ahead."
That earned a wry chuckle, "If we can find one.  I need to do a bit of shopping to find gifts while we're looking."
Bruce turned and disappeared up the stairs. Though he was still hanging lights, Clint looked over as Bruce left, letting out a breath.
Pepper shook her head, "Don't encourage him. Seriously."
"Small miracles," Clint said and looked over at Steve.
"We'll need a tree," Steve said.  "I can see about finding that, but we'll need garland and lots of ornaments for it."
Thor's hands clenched and he carefully unclenched them again. "He has been seeing Loki?"
A-A-A-A
"He'll need a name," Bruce offered.
By the time Tony reached Xavier's school, the fondue sets were still on the kitchen counter, cowering slightly. Charles leaned against the wall, a faint smirk on his face as he watched them. "I thought we had an agreement," Tony said, breezing into the mansion and ignoring the students who were staring wide eyed at the sudden appearance of one Tony Stark in their midst. "Erik was never allowed near my AIs."
"Congratulations," Charles drawled. "And how is your kitten?"
That earned a derisive snort, "And so you think that the same sentiment would be found in me?"
"I didn't realize you would be so easy to find," Thor said, still dragging him. "I would have not looked as hard and probably found you sooner for it."
“If you’re sure,” Tony said, still grinning. “Then yes sir, I absolutely will.”
"So bad plan," Tony laughed. "Alright, oak doesn't sound bad."
"Well, not when I rip your pants off, no," Tony said, eyes trained on Steve's, having dropped the sunglasses to one side in the middle of the last kiss.
"I would have more actively avoided security if it was," she answered, the left corner of her lips twitching up.
Bruce looked up from his book as the elevator doors opened.  He pulled his reading glasses off and rose when he caught sight of both Tony and Clint, "Is everything—"
“I only promise so far as he does not insult our cat,” Tony said.
"It sparkles," Tony offered. "And it has sapphires. I couldn't tell you which matches it better though. They both look like they could."
Bruce turned to stare at Clint in confusion, “I’m with Tony. What? There’s context for those, right?”
"Who were you meeting?" Clint asked, curious.
Steve leaned in to nip very lightly at Tony's ear, tracing feather-light circles on Tony's hips before he returned to pulling Tony's pants off, Tony trying to help but they got distracted kissing again with his pants only halfway off. Somehow they finally managed it and Steve pressed him back onto the bed, murmuring, "Alright, so that's the tip of the iceberg with my own issues there. Why am I not allowed to compliment you?"
"There's some benefits that come with this body," Steve allowed, stepping out of the bathroom and into Tony's bedroom.
Steve turned in that direction, but Bruce shook his head at him, "Thor's with him, whatever it is I'm sure they're fine."
"Alright." He paused, "Can I turn over, or do you want to stay like this?"
“Well, then I suppose you’ll just have to show him what does,” Bruce remarked as they stepped off of the elevator.
Tony hummed, bending over the work table to the side to continue fixing cosmetic damage to his armor. "What's got a bee in your bonnet?" he asked, having barely slept since an army appeared in the sky.
Bruce stopped a short distance from Clint, sliding his hands into his pockets and trying to keep himself calm, "Clint?"
“You didn’t have to,” Steve said.
The corner of Steve’s mouth twitched. “I’ve heard they throw pretty great parties.”
Tony hummed, turning the screen to consider them from a different angle. "Yeah. Should be better, and it might not be bad to have several functioning suits ready at any one time."
"Floors?" Clint asked after a moment's pause.
"What?" Thor asked, tense as he turned his gaze over to Bruce.
Tony blinked at him, pushing his glasses back up. "You do seem to like taking in strays, sir," Jarvis said and Tony scowled up at the ceiling.
"Great," Tony sighed. "Which means it will take forever for them to get over whatever issues they're having."
"Yeah," Clint said and moved to hold his hands behind his back. Hesitating again, Bruce nodded and stepped away, heading down to his floor.
"Well, like you said," Steve said, leaning over to kiss Tony again, rolling over him and bracing himself on his elbows. “It worked out great.
Thor shrugged, his hands still spanning Loki’s waist. “That is not your call to make.”
Loki shrugged, "Perhaps, if I find the time or inclination."
"Here's hoping they don't decide to adopt it," Bruce said, smiling slightly.
"Are you doing alright?" Bruce asked, looking over.
“Is Steve even here?”
"It's not avoiding," Tony said, mouth thin and the display by his elbow beeped, a reprimand from Jarvis that what Tony was doing was exactly that and he scowled, shooing the text away with one hand. "More or less, it's not."
Look we started this story seven freaking years ago. It survived both phase 2 and most of phase 3 while pretending neither existed. I honestly just *punt kicks chapter up and then runs away*
“Tony, you know we’ve been dating for a year now,” Steve said and Tony couldn’t help the thrill in his stomach every time he thought about that. “You got into just as many fights as a kid as I did.”
"Perhaps not," Thor said, rocking back but not letting go. "Leave Jane out of this."
Tony blinked once before shoving the sunglasses that had fallen down his nose back up further. "Right, good," he said, mostly meaning it but also biting back comments about how one of Steve's old friends would probably be his own father. "Have fun." He glanced over at Clint who shrugged, rubbing his forehead.
"Exactly," Thor said, petting the kitten under the chin before carefully setting him down next to the food dish.
Steve turned his attention mostly to making an omelet, as if he didn't want to look at Tony when he said, “I know I'd really appreciate having a place to stay. I was planning on taking a few weeks after that Central Park thing to deal with some things I've been meaning to see to since I woke up."
"That fucking
Steve stopped with him, looking at the display of ties for a moment before glancing at his teammate, "Clint?"
"So I never pegged you for being the impulsive kisser," Clint said, eyes sliding away before he forced himself to look at Bruce.
"No," Clint replied, finally giving in and twisting gracefully out from under the touch and rising, stacking the boxes carefully on top of each other.
Afterward, when he was coming down from stars behind his eyes and feeling worn out, Tony watched Steve clumsily return to the bathroom for a towel to clean them both up before collapsing on his stomach on the bed. “So no super villains interrupted.” He felt content and weary down to his fingers and toes.
Tony’s fingers twitched but he did not feel secure in touching other people. “Yeah—have a good night. Try not to mail out my fondue sets again.” He paused, amending. “Our, the tower’s fondue sets.”
That garnered a laugh as Bruce entered the store, "They sound like quite the trio."
Bruce nodded very slightly, finally stepping into the room, "Long enough."
Considering, Tony tapped the counter. "I suppose the one on the left," he said finally, motioning for the clerk to fetch it.
"You don't know that.  He doesn't always recognize people as friends."
“It’s my standby,” Tony said. “But Steve? I am sorry you lost him, and everyone else. But on this sorta awful day I also want to remind you how happy I am that you’re here.”
Tony took a breath and let it out. "Well, Summers and you have a complicated relationship, as have you and all Summers. Especially with Frost hanging around."
The blond drew a deep breath, but nodded, "I know. I just don't want to make assumptions about you based on false or lacking knowledge.  And that's all I have currently."
"And he needed company," Tony finished. "The other one shouldn't get drunk and Blondie over there can't. Actually, I'd bet good money that Romanov would be hard to get drunk too."
"Seems kind of unreasonable to name it without knowing what it's like," Bruce said, watching the kitten where he was bumping against Tasha's chin.
“Sure buddy,” Tony said. “Not that I can see this repeating any time in the future or anything, but yeah, you’re welcome.”
"Yes, it's wonderful," Tony said shortly and was strangely obvious Jarvis remained silent through force of will as Tony barely managed not to cover his chest.
She pulled up in front of Stark Tower, stopping the car, "I hardly expect you to forgive me."  She paused, "Do you want me to bring Coulson's effects or are you going to come back to pick them up yourself?"
"You've been around since the forties, Tony less so. So far as I can tell, besides alcohol at a young age one of Howard's gifts that Tony kept was an action figure of you. Childhood crushes are hard enough to get over without looking like you," Rhodey said, watching Steve straight on. "And you kissed him first."
Steve mumbled something and they stayed like that for a while, Tony with his hand in his hair and Steve with his arms around Tony’s waist as the rain and thunder thudded outside the window.
The blond didn't pause as he grabbed down a couple of coffee mugs, "You mean about us?"
Tony pushed inside the kitchen, pausing. "What did I miss?" he asked and frowned at the cluster of them around the table. "Holy fuck is that a kitten?"
The god wrinkled his nose offering the olive to the other, “Disgusting things.”
"My reasons seem perfectly valid from last night, when you agreed with them," Tony said. "And they haven't changed much."
Looking up when he entered, for a moment Clint didn't speak either. "You hungry?" he asked finally, holding a tie in his hands.
Tony couldn't help the snicker at that. "Either," he said but before they reached the elevator, he paused a moment. "You're really not worried?" he asked, shifting from foot to foot.
“I have been standing here a very long time, okay,” Tony started but shut up when Steve leaned down, kissing him thoroughly in the kitchen.
"Oi," Clint glanced up at the ceiling too.
"You poor thing," Tony drawled, leaning against his work table and folding his hands. "Having to live in a place without a specific design anymore."
"Yes, you can.  But you need to sit down and tell me why you're slinking around."
"Eh," Tony managed and stepped back to prop himself up on the counter before grabbing Steve by the belt loops and dragging him forward. "Think everyone else has figured it out yet?"
"As I said, it's flashy enough," Clint said, picking up another, more sedate one for Bruce and looking around for puzzles. "We can look for a frame, I think I remember a store nearby."
“We are inviting people, on purpose,” Tony said. “I just usually think of people as like Pepper or—”
"Did you know they didn't tell me until after New York?" Clint asked, voice sounding vague.
"We're going to count running into Loki as an acceptable level where you need to call me," Steve answered.
She paused next to a rack of some of the most expensive sunglasses she had seen in a very long time, "That actually doesn't surprise me much."
She paused, shifting positions so she could rub his shoulder, "I know."
"I saw Fury on his way out," Bruce said, watching Clint.
“Don’t argue with Clint about the editions,” Natasha advised as she settled back on the couch under a blanket.  She sounded like she had long experience with that argument.
"I didn't dismiss you—" Fury started and let it go when Clint flipped him off and slammed the door on his way out. "—But I guess you already knew that."
She paused, sighing and finally nodding, "You are.  And maybe you're right."
“Why won’t you give up on me?” Loki asked.
“Yeah,” Steve said after a beat, face still pressed to Tony’s neck.
lately.”
He looked at her for a second before his face crumpled and he finally shed the tears for Phil he’d been holding in for weeks. Natasha hesitated for the briefest of moments and then took two steps to cross the distance between them and wrap her arms around her partner, running one hand gently over his hair.
Steve emerged a few minutes later, his own gift for Clint stashed in the bag from the previous store.  He paused next to the other, "The frame store?"
"Please be more specific," Clint said.
"What was what?" Tony hedged.
“There isn’t a drift between me and the Other Guy,” Bruce started.
Clint groaned. “Oh my god, what is wrong with you? Documentaries are as bad as fucking treatises. Are you temperamentally incapable of relaxing or have you just forgotten how?”
"Eh," Tony offered, shifting around so he could straddle Steve's waist, running his tongue over his spine.
"Of course," Thor said and moved back out of the room, closing the door behind him.
Bruce nodded very slightly.
Bruce sighed, "You can make a new life.  You started to do so while I was in South America.  Why not try again?"
"Not big on having the soldiers decorate them," Steve answered.
“Yes,” Tony said, voice a little too tight. “Except for the ornaments.” And some ill placed mistletoe.
“How utterly kind of you,” Tony said. “Oh yes, remodel a whole floor for me and I
She gaped at them, over exaggerated and not admitting it had taken meeting Clint for her to do the same. “None of you have seen Star Wars? Steve has an excuse, but have the rest of you been living under rocks?” Her gaze moved to Clint almost warily, “So you’re showing the trilogy then?”
Bruce stared at him. “I had no idea.”
Eric nodded, pushing off from the wall he was leaning against. “That sounds like a great idea.”
Tony blinked away his first reaction. "I'd say it's closer to seventy-three percent of the time you open your mouth."
Natasha's lips curled upward very slightly, "Harsh, but true."
“Well fuck,” Tony said under his breath, looking at the crate of strawberries under his elbow. “Jarvis, quick. Is Steve allergic to strawberries?”
Clint knocked his knee against Natasha's shoulder, still a careful truce between them. "Who needs health when you got this sort  of companionship, anyway?" he offered, his own cup of coffee in his hands.
Finally shaking his head slightly, Tony turned to the group on the couch. "I'll see you in the morning," he said and took off for his lab.
Clint looks thoughtful. "So that's why they always fight and banter so much. You can practically taste the sexual tension between them." They all nod.
Tony screams and lurches back, almost causing everyone behind him to stumble and fall.
let alone a
Thanos sighs. "Of course not. But it will be a hindrance, one that can be avoided if possible. Last we heard was that he was stalking some poor mortal on Midgard. Once Proxima and Corvus finish retrieving the mind stone, have them find out more. Tell them to fall back if Slenderman gets involved, however. They wouldn't last long in that fight."
Tony pushed him away. "I said I was fine! Alright!?" Steve pulled back with a hurt look on his face.
~TBC...
Tony nodded, "Let's just hope that that chair is just sending some bad vibes."
"Well, all of the Doombot are dead, a building descided to fall for me, I mean, who wouldn't? I'm gorgeous."
"I know what you're thinking- No, no, no. DON'T-" Tony Stark yelled as he was blasted out of the sky by a huge Doombot. He was flung through the air and slammed into the side of a building, making it crumble ontop of him.
He looks behind him.
Steve tilts his head with a perplexed look on his face. "From WHAT?"
DOCK!
All of the stress was slowly making him insane. And it certainly didn't help when some bitter mother came to him after one of his expos to shove the fact that he had inadvertently killed her son in Sokovia down his throat.
. You cannot drown yourself in alcoholic beverages in order to get rid of the pain. You are destroying yourself and I will not stand for it." He straightens his black sweater as he straightens his stance in front of the upset genius. "Now, I will go to your favorite restaurant to get you something to eat. Is there anything specific that you would prefer?"
The next few moments were filled with the Avengers getting everything patched up, heading to S.H.E.I.L.D. and then finally going home.
"Wait... this actually sounds pretty cool." Clint interrupted once again. He loved visiting haunted houses and the like. It gave him an excuse to jump into Coulson's arms. Not that it worked all of the time...
Tony opens his eyes again, only to scream as the pale faceless creature that had kidnapped him, loomed over him in prideful glee. Slenderman shushes him as he strokes the side of his face. "
It took him around five minutes to figure out that Steve was infront of him and shaking him gently, calling his name.
And that's just what he did. That next Monday Tony, after 87 hours of no sleep filled with the engineer jumping at his own shadow, attended one of the charity galas that Pepper was always trying to get him to go to.
Tony whipped around and frantically searched the treeline behind him for the supernatural being, but he saw nothing.
Pretty.
"You know as much as I do, that Tony has already fixed this problem. The Fantastic Four will look after everything until we come back."
arrival. He makes as if to stand up, but two iron hard hands with ghastly long fingers grips his shoulders and shoves him back down into the couch.
Thanos slumped even more as he lowers his hands from his summonings. A tall figure surrounded by shadows and mist was slowly straightening up from it's limp, puppet-like stance. It had on a black suit with a white shirt and a red tie. It's fingers and limbs were overly long and thin. It's bald, white head slowly rose to stare silently at it's summoner. Even though it's skin was white did not mean that it stood out like most white things did. It looked as if it was absorbing the light, making the air around it darker, thus even harder to see. Thanos pretended he didn't feel a shiver fear and excitement. It really was a beautiful specimen...
It was the sound of bloodcurdling screams and broken whispers.
Steve laughs and kisses Tony softly. "Yeah, Dead Beat was a good one too. And the dinosaur thing could be cool. Just don't loose control of it and have an incident like in Jurassic Park movies. God, what a mess that would be..." They all shuddered at that. (They had been bullied into a Jurassic Park marathon by Tony when he learned that everyone except for Clint hadn't seen the 'epic prehistoric movie series.')
Thor turns and finds yet another page a few gas tanks down. They snatch it up as they run past. This one is misleading.
The mouse was caught
"Yeah, no. We know exactly why you've brought us here." Clint interrupted.
Steve, Wanda, Clint, Sam, Bucky, and this guy named Scott wanted nothing to do with it, while Natasha, Vision, Rhodey, this promising kid named Peter Parker but liked to be called Spiderman, and the Prince of Wakanda, T'Challa were on Tony's side.
Steve sighs and looks around. Then blinks and whirls around in a panic.
But that didn't stop him from working.
Steve helps Tony up as the others make their way to the helicopters and vans.
"Stark-" Fury's disaproving voice was cut off as Tony cut the connection.
After everyone was accounted for and the immediate area was checked, they all stood in a tight circle glancing around uncertainly.
Whatever Tony was about to say was suddenly interrupted by FRIDAY. "Boss! There's been a-!" All of the power goes out at once, and a few shocked seconds go by before a dark figure crashes through the windows to the right of the group. The figure leaps at Vision and stabs him through the chest with a spear. Tony immediately claps his hands, summoning his latest suit that he had made before he had been taken. It was just in time too, as yet another figure flies through the window and begins attacking Tony and the others.
! I can't carry
Everyone gasped and rushed over to him, promptly enveloping him into a group hug, but then Tony flinches and shoves everyone away. The others look shocked and hurt before Rhodey takes a cautious step forward. "Tony? What's wrong? Where have you been?!"
Instead of answering, the frightening creature that shouldn't even exist, vanished with a faint beeping sound and static. Slenderman was coming...
Steve barks out a weak laugh. "Not with
Pepper pats Vision on the back soothingly. "Vision has been having slight pain where the stone is. He also says that-"
Time to take him out to
Despite the disgust aimed at himself, he sought out Vision. He had been the last one to see him, also, he was one of the only ones he trusted implicitly besides Rhodey, Bruce, Thor, Coulson, and Pepper. Steve wasn't a part of that list. Not anymore. And Clint was halfway on his shitlist too.
Well, he does know one thing, no one can know. If they did, then they'll try to help and that would only get them killed. No, he'll endure alone. His best bet would be to distract himself with his workshop and charity galas.
Fury looked back up and scowled. "And what about New York? Who will protect this city?" Even though he probably knew the answer.
Loki raised a shaky eyebrow and shrugged. "What? It was the most likely conclusion." He wriggles a bit, but Thor gets the idea and reluctantly lets him go. He's good enough to walk on his own.
"-ony..."
END(?)
Here's a pic I found on google! By cpxavier on deviantart.
"Absolutely not." And with that said, Fury went back to reading over the files on his desk.
"Let's see, um no? I'll be in my tower if you don't need me."
Surprise. (*Jazz hands*)
They've been walking around for about 15 minutes when the came upon a beaten up red truck infront of a run down yellow shed.
"Director Fury! We have a problem!" Agent Hill stated as she ran into the room.
Since no one dared to follow, silence rolled through the small clearing as the rest of the team looked at one another in disbelief.
had other plans. And in order for the titan to keep his false sense of security, he did as he was told. It was entertaining to see the titan preen over having such a powerful creature under his control. So, he put up with it.
They keep running until they get to a cement tube stuck in the ground and finally find their last page.
