Dean was in a hurry to get a drink, so Sam, Dean and Cas stopped at the first bar they came across. It was surprisingly upscale, with textured wallpaper and custom light fixtures, serving men in ties putting off when they’d have to go home after work, and women sipping drinks out of martini glasses. But, the bar had cold beer on tap, and pool tables in the back, so Dean settled in for the night. It wasn’t long before he challenged Cas to a game of pool. Just like he normally would.
He turned to ask Cas if he was ready to go, and saw his friend still doing his hair in the bathroom mirror, getting it just the right level of messy. He was wearing the navy blue t-shirt.
Cas backs away from Dean to sit on the edge of the bed. With some trepidation Dean follows, and sits next to him.
Sam ran his thumb along the edge of a machete, and set it aside to be sharpened. “I dunno, Dean, you’d have to ask him.”
Dean wanted to respond to every one, but instead he felt the words catching in his throat, building in his chest, until all he could do was take Cas’ mouth in a fierce kiss, and whisper them, broken and only once, against Cas’ lips.
Dean smirks at Claire. “Yeah, I’ve been getting a lot of exercise lately, if you know what I mean.” He curls his hand in a loose fist and wags it up and down.
Dean’s chosen method of dealing with his discomfort seems to be pestering Cas to order food. Not that Cas minds. It’s not as good as when Dean cooks for him, but sharing a meal is still a sign of community, of acceptance. So Cas orders some cheesy bread sticks.
Creatures don’t die in Purgatory, not really. They attack, and fight, and tear each other apart, cannibalize each other. And then they’re reborn, less human, more corrupted every time.
“You sure? It’s okay to say no. If you’re not comfortable, you can leave right now. I’ll explain to Maureen, and we’ll go back to the hotel together.”
It’s the familiar emotions that hit him first. Affection, joy, comfort, and yes, love. They flood Dean with warmth, lift him up like a cresting wave. And like a wave, they ease back down, into longing, loneliness, grief, pulling at Dean’s chest like a fishhook. And this is love too, he knows. There’s so much of it, the good and the bad, both trying to drown him in different ways.
He exhales, watching the tendrils of smoke curl out of his mouth and into the air, and there’s a kind of beauty to the shapes it takes.
Dean didn’t even think to protest. Cocooned in the steam, with the soothing hum of Maureen’s voice, he felt safe. He felt her narrow, soft hands glide across his stomach and down his thighs. He felt Cas’ hands, broad and steady, moving in circles up his back, and scrubbing into his hair. Bit by bit, Dean felt muscles that he hadn’t even known were taut start to relax.
Cas and Sam out there and not his imagination, they’d come running, and right now he wanted nothing more than to be alone.
Dean stared, wide-eyed and chest heaving, at a spot on the wall where Castiel’s face had been moments before, the only evidence of his presence the bowl of ash on the desk and Dean’s aching knuckles. He heard his heartbeat hammering in his ears, could feel the veins in his neck throbbing in time, and beneath that, the far-off sound of someone screaming his name. Hands landed on his shoulder and spun him around with ease, but Dean couldn’t make out a face. All he could see was the mist from the spell, the white-hot flash of gunfire bouncing off it like heat lightning, an isolated, momentary storm.
“Dean, stop!” Sam’s voice came from behind. When Dean didn’t relent his assault on the earth, Sam grabbed him by the shoulder and wrenched him back. “Dean, listen to me!”
“I’m just—” Sam began, then laughed, looking down bashfully to his feet. He ran his hand through his hair before looking up again. “I’m really happy for you and Dean. You’ve always been family, but it’s good to call you my brother.”
Color rose in Dean’s cheeks and he felt himself grow somehow achingly harder. He moved to sit up and Castiel gently removed his fingers with the motion, eliciting a little noise from Dean. Dean leaned forward, first, to catch Castiel’s lips in a quick, hard kiss, and then ducked down to guide Castiel’s erection into his mouth, bracing a hand beside his hip. Castiel’s mouth fell open and his eyes closed, head tilting back as a sound of pleasure slipped past his lips. Dean sucked and slicked for about a minute before Castiel touched his cheek, and he lifted, looking up.
It hasn’t yet been thirty minutes when Cas feels a tug at his grace, the ache of Dean missing him. He takes a moment to let his own relief wash over him, then gets up to join Dean in his room.
“Sorry!” Sam fumbles. “I just thought… I’m just… surprised. Not in a bad way!” he hastens to add. “I support you.”
“What?” Dean asks, lowering his beer bottle from his lips. “And you’re just gonna let her talk to your man like that?”
Wendy asked Dean for tips on playing darts. She leaned into his chest when he came up behind her to adjust her stance with a hand on her hip, let him guide her hand as she took her shot.
He braces himself over Dean, desperately working his cock, and can see the glow of his own grace reflected in Dean’s eyes.
As he rounds the table, Dean claps Cas on the shoulder, and bends to kiss the top of Cas’ head on his way to the kitchen.
Cas hears the implication in the question, the promise of future mornings spent this way, of future meals shared together, of years of the mundane joys of breakfast stretching out ahead of them.
Every time Dean kills a monster he expects ten more to rush towards him. But the monsters don’t come in hordes on earth, and every time, he’s disappointed.
Dean didn’t say anything at the time. He still never actually thinks about it, just holds the knowledge that Castiel loves him, tries to avoid deciding between being comforted or being scared by it.
But there was another part of him that heard “I love you” and it felt like a lyric from his favourite song. The part of him that had beamed at Cas, riding shotgun in Baby, as they sailed down a Nebraska highway, belting out, “Tramps like us, baby we were born to run.” That part of him wanted to sing
That was when Dean understood what was going on. “You think just ‘cause you’re not good at stuff right away, that you never will be.”
Dean and Cas drop their purchases in the car. With a blink, Cas changes into his new clothes, picking out a shirt with an International Harvester logo that stretches slightly over his chest to wear under his new jacket.
“I stubbed my toe on the stairs up from the gun range,” Cas confessed. “I can’t even move this body properly anymore.”
But as Dean looked into Cas’ eyes, something was different. It was as if the source of the serene comfort that Dean was feeling in that moment wasn’t to be found in the shower, or in Maureen, but in the deep blue of Castiel’s gaze; as if he could keep the feeling with him so long as he had Cas by his side.
When they got out of the elevator, Beverly announced her apartment number. Dean caught her by the elbow, and let Cas walk ahead.
Dean’s eyes go from post-orgasm dopey to wide and awe-struck, sweeping over Cas’ form. His face isn’t lit by red, but by a blue-white light.
It's not the outcome Cas was aiming for, but he’s not about to tell Dean he meant the jacket for him. Not when Dean looks at him like that.
“Why would I? You already know that.” he asks with a note of confusion. “I just mean that the flavour is too complicated. It tastes bad to me.”
It takes Dean and Cas six months to make it to the outskirts of the settlements. The monsters look closer to human here, but are no less deadly, and the building is packed with them.
The angel just smiled back at him, charmed and puzzled. "And the strange thing is that it’s unique to you. In all my millions of years, I’ve never-“
He tells her gently, "It gets worse. Do you remember telling me that?" He shakes his head. "I couldn't imagine then how right you were."
. Feverish with the pressure of Cas moving inside of him, oversensitive with pleasure, Dean can’t deny the words, he can only let them fill him up. As he comes, Dean deliriously thinks he might be worthy of the praise.
He takes himself mentally through each and every step of tuning up the Impala, imagining the feel of the tools in his hands, the smell of engine grease, the sounds of Zepplin coming from a nearby radio. Then he imagines sliding behind the wheel of his baby, hearing the purr of her engine, and guiding her smoothly over the highway. Pulling up to some dive bar along the way, the smell of a greasy burger, the taste of cheese and onions on his tongue, and the feel of a cold beer washing it down his throat. And he imagines a girl, one with soft curves, sharp eyes, and a wicked smile, who would lay him down and have fun, make him feel alive and part of the world again.
“That’s perfect, actually.” Dean said, licking his suddenly dry lips. “You wanna show off the merchandise for the ladies.”
Cas stares at the door that Dean disappeared behind. He thinks about the giddy joy that he and Dean shared over the past few days, how easy it had been.
Dean’s first impulse was to say that he knew that wasn’t true, that he’d made Cas feel like shit plenty of times. But as he raised his head to look at Cas, the expression on Cas’ face was so warm and sincere that Dean couldn’t say anything at all. He could only stare, and feel his heart break a little.
Cas was inexperienced, but damn if enthusiasm didn’t go a long way. Dean threw his head back with a moan, and his eyes fluttered open. He saw himself reflected in the ceiling. Sprawled on the bed, hips in the air, Cas bent over him and bobbing his head. Next to the bed, Maureen’s robe was thrown open, her hands teasing her own body. Dean saw her too, laid out on the chaise, almost mirroring Dean.
Cas thinks that if he had known that hanging his coat in Dean’s room would have earned him that look, he would have done it long ago.
“I love you,” Dean says, looking Cas solidly in the eye. He says the words like he’s casting a rope around Castiel and pulling him close. He hasn’t let go of Cas’ tie.
Cas tilts his face up to look at Dean, wide blue eyes questioning. It’s an awkward angle, but Dean looks back down at him. He doesn’t smile, just returns his gaze, calm and sure. Cas blinks, shuts his eyes, and snuggles into Dean to fall asleep.
One thing he does know is that the slide of the knife through potatoes is satisfying, so he focuses on that, figuring he can remember what he was going to cook after he finishes chopping.
A smile curves Cas' mouth, small and close-lipped, the one that only Dean seems to bring out of him.
“Nah, screw it,” Dean says. He leans over and captures Cas’ lips with his own, relishing the sound of Cas’ sigh. “How ‘bout we just go for a drive?”
Dean’s view was blocked by Maureen, back in her red silk robe, leaning over him; his thoughts were silenced by her kiss.
For the first time in months, Dean felt a twinge of frustration at Cas’ cluelessness, instead of his normal amusement. He did his best to repress the feeling, and said, “Because he’s black.”
“Not if I what, Cas? Not if I don’t hurt you? Punish you? Is that it? Not if I love you?” Dean doesn’t even know what he means by the word, if it’s how he loves a friend or a brother or something else, but it feels honest on his tongue, and he wants Cas to know, so he says it.
Dean licks his lips, and grins. He shrugs the robe off his shoulders, revealing his chest. But he keeps it closed around his waist.
Sitting together in the grass, Anna, Amy and Charlotte look like sisters rather than three different generations of women. Anna lies on her stomach, picking white and purple clover and weaving the flowers into a chain. Her mother kneels next to Anna, braiding her hair. Her mother's mother sits cross-legged gesturing expansively as she talks about high school dances and first visits to the city. Their lips curve with the same smile, and their hair catches amber in the sun.
“Just didn’t want it to come as a shock,” Dean says, trying to sound casual, and not entirely succeeding.
Dean lifted his head, and shouted back, “Yeah, yeah, just give us a minute!” He then collapsed back on the pillow.
Gabriel continues, “Naomi’s waiting for you to fail, and when you do, she’s gonna bring the hammer down,
Kissing Cas is surprisingly easy. The rasp of stubble along Dean’s jaw is different, as is the fact that Cas is basically the same size as Dean, which puts a series of his standard moves out of the question. But Cas responds to every change in pressure, every brush of tongue and teeth, with sighs and moans, and hands pressing their bodies impossibly close. It feels good for Cas to be the one holding onto him for a change.
Dean looks at Cas askance, but he complies without question, reaching back and pulling his t-shirt over his head.
Dean turns his attention outside, to the grey forest, underneath the grey sky, framed by the grey weathered wood of the shack, stained with the bright red of wards painted with Castiel’s blood, drying black-brown around the edges. He watches the blood drying around the door frame and decides to apologize to Cas when the guy wakes up. Truth is, Dean can’t even remember what he’d been angry at him for, besides the fact that he’d been tired and hungry and coming down off an adrenaline high, the bright burn of the fight fading into the endless, impenetrable grey of Purgatory that weighed on Dean like a suffocating cloud.
Dean and Castiel lay on the floor of a broken down cabin in Purgatory, sharing warmth, sharing breath in the firelight. There are monsters waiting for them outside, and there might never be an After, but Dean doesn’t think about that.
"Anna has been through much hardship at the hands of Heaven." Cas says firmly. He gives Dean a significant look. "I know what that’s like. I trust her above all others."
"Good job!" Dean says with what Cas thinks is a bit too much enthusiasm given the task. After a moment, Dean adds, "What do you do up there all day, anyhow?"
“Nothing.” Dean sighs again, a light and floating sound. “Think that was the best orgasm I’ve ever had.”
“Not at all.” Naomi shrugs. “Relatively speaking. Maybe two or three times each.” She stands and casually saunters towards Cas and Anna. “Is it so surprising that in Heaven’s current state, they sought out someone who represents order and stability?”
When Chuck was defeated, left crawling in the dust, that didn’t feel like a win for Dean. Seeing his phone light up with notifications from Jody and the girls, Charlie, Bobby, Garth, as they all materialized back into the world, that didn’t quite feel like a win either, though Dean did his best to act like it was.
Dean thinks he’s killed (as much as the things can be killed) the last monster and turns to see how Cas is doing, when a creature barrels into him, claws digging into his chest, pinning him to the ground. It takes all of Dean’s strength to hold the thing’s gnashing teeth away from his face.
Cas settled against the car door, watching Dean as he drove. “I don’t care. As long as I’m close to you.”
Cas can feel her surprise. So he shares his memory with her. Mary’s return, her friendship, what she meant to Dean, what she meant to Jack. How Jack burned away his soul. The crushing dread as Cas realized what had happened, the sorrow that sawed through him. The way their family was torn apart.
Under normal circumstances, Dean would probably repress; and it’s clear that that’s what Cas intends to do. But these circumstances are far from normal. Besides, like Dean said, he loves the guy (just in what way, he’s not gonna examine), and he’s not about to let Cas hate himself in peace.
“It’s deceptive,” Castiel replies. He casts his gaze about suspiciously, feeling an ancient magic pressing at the edges of his being.
“Don’t say it like that. Look, he’s been blown up and dissolved and burned to ash and reconstructed so many times, it’s not even the same body. It’s more like… your dead father’s really identical twin,” Dean says with an audible cringe.
“All very much appreciated,” Dean said, catching the sheath, resheathing the bronze dagger, and throwing the knife back in the trunk. “But he still needs someone to show him the important stuff.”
There was a dopey look on Cas’ face that Dean was sure must have been mirrored on his own. He grinned, and kept smiling as he pulled out of the park and onto the road.
In between questions, Cas flips through a book full of lithographed illustrations of monsters, making annotations in the margins. Really, it’s just a way to keep himself occupied as he enjoys Dean’s company, enjoys the sight of him planning out a family dinner.
But was it possible? An aftershock of doubt washed over him. Was it possible for an Angel of the Lord to feel what humans felt? To feel so acutely, so strongly, so richly? Did Dean all these years complicate something that was in its true form so beautiful yet so simple? Had it in fact been within Dean's reach all along, but never been grasped? Could they really have been–
to be convincing. Grabbing a fistful of trenchcoat, he pinned Cas against the wall with his forearm across Cas’ chest.
Sam led him through the maze that was the bunker and finally unlocked a door, stepping inside. Dean went in and looked around at all the shelves crowding the room. They were so far out of earshot that they’d soon be
"Oh, relax. I'm not giving him shotgun. Unless you're cool with that." Dean winked at Sam as he squeezed past him.
Dean let his gaze wander from one painting of angels to another – they were plentiful, spread all throughout the church. His eyes eventually landed on Cas standing with his back to him, studying some books lying on the table. It was easy to forget that Cas wasn’t human – a testament to how close they’d gotten over the years. But standing in that church, seeing Cas alongside all the human depictions of angels, Dean was once again reminded. This was Cas in his right element. This had been him during Heaven’s most glorious days – the days of reverence and worship. This had been Cas long before they met, and it hit Dean how little he actually knew about his friend – how little he knew about Cas in those days long gone.
much,” Dean cooed and ran his fingers along the smooth surface of the Impala. “I bet you’ve missed me too.”
In that moment of happiness, Dean knew exactly what they were going to do. “I think we’re gonna go for a drive.”
“Fascinating,” Lucifer said. He rolled his eyes and snapped his fingers. Dean watched in shock as Death crumbled into ashes before their eyes. Nothing but black dust was left, and the now open book flew straight into Lucifer’s hands.
It was a feeling so instant and strong that the moment Dean felt it he knew it was right. This was who he was. This was how the world was supposed to be. It all made sense. So as the Empty swallowed Billie and circled Cas, Dean jumped up from the ground and threw himself at the angel, sending them both crashing to the floor.
"You don’t know?” Dean asked, surprised that his words might not have had the same credibility he thought they'd had – in his mind, the intentions had always been clear.
worlds. In the end it had been just him and Jack left, along with the mere indication of what had once been. As they'd walked outside, an eerie calmness had been there to greet them. Sam and Jack had stared at each other, at a loss for what to do, as panic and despair threatened to prevail. But as if sensing their distress, Dean had called a second time, saying three simple words.
“You’re mine…” The words felt right. Dean smiled and pressed Cas impossibly closer to him. They fit perfectly together, the shapes of their bodies like made for each other. He burrowed his head into the crook of Cas’ neck and breathed in that familiar scent. Despite not knowing exactly where they were, it felt just right. This was where he belonged. This was where
“Yeah. And you sending Lucifer? That was the perfect help on the way. With Lucifer and Michael in the same room, fights were bound to happen,” Sam added, coming up to his brother. “And those fights generate powerful archangel energy. We hadn’t planned on Lucifer being there, but thanks for sending him.”
Death was behind that door, the Empty was behind his back, and Cas was making the mother of all love confessions mere inches before him. Dean’s mind was now aware of it all, yet he couldn’t process any of it. Everything else stopped matter. All sounds faded away. His surroundings disappeared as all Dean could focus on was Cas’ ocean blue eyes intensely staring him down. He furiously wiped away his own tears with the back of his hand, because he didn’t want to miss a moment of those eyes.
"In person." Chuck sighed. "This is a beautiful reunion right here. My son, my grandson, and my two favourite Winchester boys. How you've been? Enjoying a little alone time?"
I'm also really nervous for the reactions. As I was about to upload this, I started second-guessing myself, and I almost didn't upload today. Like, am I crazy for writing an ending like this? Did I make it worse than the actual finale? I don't know. I really hope not.
“What, you’re gonna quit hunting?” If half of Sam’s mind had been elsewhere before, Dean certainly had his full attention now.
“I couldn’t let him go like that, Sammy. I took away his happiness so that the Empty wouldn’t take him.” Dean grabbed Sam by the shoulders with shaking hands, his fingers digging deep into the fabric. “But now we’ve done it. We’ve beaten Chuck, and the w-world is safely in Jack’s hands. So I can’t deny Cas that happiness anymore. I need to– I
Happiness had always equalled freedom – the act of choosing your own path in life – because that was the one thing Dean had since childhood never had. In later years, freedom had in turn equalled beating God at his own game. But the more Dean thought about it, the less he agreed with himself. Even if – and that was a big
Dean couldn’t think of anything else to say, so when Cas stopped speaking, the buffer was gone. The world became quiet again. Suddenly it was just the two of them, intently staring at each other. He awkwardly broke eye contact and put his hands in his pockets. This
“We weren’t family five minutes ago,” Jack said. “You tried to kill me. You killed your own son. You’ve killed, or tried to kill, every single one of us. You call that family?”
“Shut the fuck up,” Dean said through gritted teeth, trying to collect himself and steady his quivering voice. He
Alright, so next chapter I'm really excited, but very nervous, to share with you guys. I really hope you'll like it.
Chuck laughed and shook his head. "Humans, huh? I feel sorry for you," he whispered to Cas only to be met with stone cold silence. Rolling his eyes, he turned the attention back to Sam and Dean. "Oh boy, you guys got it all wrong. I mean, I appreciate the white flag, but it's too little, too late. I'm kind of enjoying
A noise made the hairs on the back of Dean’s neck stand up. He knew that sound too well. However, as he turned around, Dean couldn’t help but flinch as he saw the Empty seep out from between the bricks of the wall behind him. “Cas,” he said in a warning tone. “What the
In the moments that followed, Dean and Sam got up on their feet, facing Chuck with determination. They were in the home stretch now.
The second wave of realisation hit. A sudden sorrow threatened to drown Sam, leaving him gasping for air. The tension, the awkwardness, Cas’ apathetic sadness, Lucifer’s snarky comments –
“Alright. Then we’re done here.” Sam nodded once, and as if on cue, they all turned their backs to Chuck and walked away.
"We're not trusting him, Michael,” Dean clarified. “We're… giving it a shot, okay? I mean, what other options do we have? Do you– Cas, watch out!" he suddenly yelled.
." He was happy the tears clouded his vision, because he couldn’t look at Cas right now – not with the words he was allowing to leave his mouth.
Dean walked into the kitchen. Jack and Cas were sitting at one table, Michael at another. He headed straight for the fridge and pulled out a beer. “How you doing? You okay?” he asked Michael.
what it could be, what– what my true happiness could even look like.” He let out a shaky breath. “I never found an answer, because the one thing I want…” He took a step towards Dean, tears filling his eyes as he broke a smile. “The one thing I want is something I know I can't have. But I think I know now… Happiness isn't in the
"Okay, okay, we got it," Dean interrupted. She’d been Death for all of three seconds, and he was already fed up with the attitude. He looked at Sam who nodded.
“Guys?” Chuck yelled, still on his knees. He lost balance trying to get up, and ended up half-crawling after them. “What are you doing? Hello? Guys? Are you just gonna leave me here? Guys? I’m not dead yet. I’d prefer to be dead! Guys?”
“S-so… You–” Dean cleared his throat, feeling whatever the opposites of calm and smooth were. “What do you remember?”
? That didn’t sound like God. Dean was confused, but had no time to process anything before Sam opened the front door.
It had been a long emotional rollercoaster of a day. Far more had happened than Dean’s mind was ready to process. He felt tired to the bone and rested his head in his hands, allowing his consciousness to drift into slumber. Time ticked, well on its way to midnight, and the silence stretched with it. Chuck’s death book was open and Lucifer was dead. The last remaining step was to lure God into their trap. Easy-peasy.
“Were you looking for me?” Chuck said. He whisked his hand nonchalantly and sent everyone but the archangel collapsing to the ground. “
The moment the door opened, Sam's eyes widened and his face fell. Dean instantly knew something was wrong.
“Yeah.” Sam sighed in satisfaction. His eyes glittered in the light. “I mean, we’ve lost hope more times than we can remember. I never thought we’d finally make it. Isn’t it amazing that we’re here?”
But Cas seemed to be certain of his auditory system. When his arms released their tight grip, Dean reluctantly let go. He suddenly felt cold without the warmth against his body.
Hearing Chuck’s bewilderment only added to the triumph. It wasn’t over yet, but Dean already felt a lifelong weight being lifted off his shoulders. To further provoke the man in front of him, he smiled as much as his bruised and bloody lips allowed him to. He made sure to articulate each word, ensuring that they reached their recipient. “
Apparently, Dean and Cas had been very close to the end of the forest. Within a few minutes of walking, their surroundings became noticeably brighter, and at last, there were signs of civilisation.
“I’m gonna leave you with some words of wisdom,” Dean interrupted, not feeling sorry at all. “Family doesn’t end in blood, but it doesn’t start there either.” He looked straight at Chuck and tapped his fingers to his head. “Makes you think, huh? Consider that my
Betty sighed and held up the book to prove a point. "Behold. In the end, there is the ending of he who created the beginning–"
“Father, no,” Michael said in panic as he realised what was about to happen. "That was a lapse of judgment, I admit, but I swear I–”
himself. Nothing in Chuck's eyes held regret. There was no indication of him ever wanting to reverse his actions. Everyone they'd saved was gone. Their entire lives, fighting for humanity, had been for nothing. What had once started as a hunt for the yellow-eyed demon had unveiled a bigger potential – a greater opportunity to save all of humanity. But today, it had all been in vain.
The last piece of the puzzle fell into place. The world was now complete, the universe back on track. A whole new dimension unraveled before Dean's mind. Cas had widened his horizon and heightened his senses. He felt his heart beating rapidly. He felt blood coursing through his veins. He felt Cas’ warm breaths tickling his skin, the way their fingers were entwined, and the gentle pressure of their lips resting against each other.
sense, and the worst part was that he understood. That’s probably why he’d felt anger in the first place – he was angry with himself, because he couldn’t even object. What was there really to say? He loved his brother. He needed his brother. But he also wanted his brother to be happy. Would it be fair to let Dean live in a world, free but void of happiness? When Dean laughed, it wasn’t out of joy. Whenever Dean smiled, there was always something missing. There was a type of contentment lacking in Dean’s life that no brotherly love could ever provide.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas said as he leaned in and spoke into the phone. “This is Cas. Don’t mind what Dean said. He will see you shortly.”
“Well, there isn’t much of an option, is th–” Chuck frowned, confusion in his eyes. Despite half of their bodies being covered in blood and bruises, Sam’s laugh was bright, Dean’s smile mocking, and Cas’ gaze complacent. “You’re not supposed to be happy. Why are you smiling? Stop it.”
Cas opened and closed his mouth a few times, trying to find the right answer. “Make me really sure,” he whispered in the end.
“Apparently, your old man has a sense of humor,” Dean said, shaking his head to get rid of the absurd scenario his mind had painted him. “He thought it would be hilarious to watch us on an empty planet.”
Okay, so first I just want to apologise because I really messed up. When editing this chapter for upload, I accidentally deleted the first chapter. I know, I'm an idiot. Luckily I had backed up, but I'm crying right now because all your wonderful comments disappeared. They were the first comments of my first fic on ao3 T_T
.” Dean slowly exhaled and let the last words echo until they faded into nothing. Inside, his pulse was skyrocketing, adrenaline coursing through his veins, but he forced himself to keep up the cold exterior.
Dean leaned forwards until his lips rested beside Cas’ cheek. He kept it there, knowing that Cas could feel his warmth. He kept it there to rid Cas of any doubt of what they were. He kept it there and let every exhale wash over his angel as the Empty started circling their feet.
The old architecture towered impressively over them, melting into the dark night above. The stone walls echoed their every footstep, leaving no actions unnoticed. All around them, there were constant reminders of where they were, who to praise, and who to love. Dean felt sick to his stomach thinking about how many people had stood before this altar and shown blind faith in someone who couldn’t be less bothered.
Dean was driving down the road, taking them back to the bunker. The perpetual sound of tyres against asphalt was familiar to his ears, and would be accompanying them for yet some time. Jack had healed all their scratches and broken bones, but the phantom pain still resided within him. “How’s that power of yours going?” he asked the kid in the back seat.
Dean swallowed, thinking about his last moments with his brother. Seeing what Jack had done with Heaven, he didn’t know if he should feel sad or happy that Sam wasn’t here. He wished his brother was by his side, but he also wanted to give him the chance to live life properly. “Sam’s not here,” he simply said.
There was no time for thinking, but frankly there was no need to think. Throughout the better part of his life, Dean had let uncertainty define his being. But in that moment he knew. He couldn’t let Cas be taken into something that was nothing, into a world without consciousness, a world without continuation. Cas had been there when their fight for freedom began, and he should be there when it ended. What had once been a feeling shoved aside by the trials of life was now given a sliver of hope, and Dean knew that he couldn’t let it slip away. He couldn’t fathom his story ending without Cas in the picture, and he’d never been as certain about anything in his life.
"You're…" Sam was puzzled when he looked between Cas’ bloody hand and the handprint on Dean’s jacket. He nodded towards Cas' hand. “What happened to your hand?"
So that settled it, then. Both of them clearly remembered what had happened, but neither really knew how to acknowledge it. Dean was at a loss for what to do. Sometimes Cas said these simplistic things that went straight to his heart and rendered him speechless. What was he supposed to answer? What was he supposed to do? Both literally and figuratively – where did they go from here?
Dean finally released his grip on Cas. For a second he didn’t move. He stood, unwavering, and held Cas’ gaze long enough to make sure his message had fully sunk in. Once satisfied, he shoved the angel towards the door. “Let’s go.”
People always say that the eyes are the windows to the soul, and for a short, ridiculous moment Dean wondered whether his soul matched the colour of Cas’ eyes. Those eyes were mesmerizing, warm and welcoming as a summer day, vast and beautiful like the universe, and within them was Cas’ entire being – everything he felt, everything he stood for, everything that made him
Without warning, Lucifer stabbed the reaper in the stomach with an angel blade. With a scream, she lifelessly collapsed on the floor. "Brother, you're wrong," he said. "She's a
And in case you hate me now, there will be a last chapter (which I'm also really looking forward to upload). Hopefully it can change your minds ;)
They were waiting for Betty to decode the book. The lack of speaking was a well-needed break from the up until now hectic day. Like a child, Lucifer was concentrating on building a tower out of playing cards. The rest of them were deep in thoughts or research. Dean found himself looking at Cas who was stoically staring down at the table. They hadn’t spoken with each other at all, Cas keeping silent for the most part, and only speaking when addressed. The ocean blue eyes, once full of life and energy, were dulled and downcast. The frame beneath the trenchcoat was thin and brittle, about to break any minute. Cas wasn’t happy – that was naturally the only reason why they were both able to sit here right now, but this wasn’t what Dean had pictured. To be fair, Dean hadn’t thought about consequences at all. His actions, although assuring their survival, had brought pain to an unforeseeable extent. Could this really be called living? What came next? They couldn’t stay like this forever. Saving Cas from the clutches of death had initially felt like an act of heroism – in saving a friend, he'd done a selfless deed – but it was in fact the opposite. This was what he'd wanted, not what Cas had asked for. His friend was deeply hurt, and Dean didn’t know how long he could keep up this charade.
“Shhh…” Dean interrupted as Cas’ lips moved against his. He knew he didn’t have to. But he chose to. He
Again, Cas didn't answer. But his gaze became if possible even more intense, trying to convey all those things that words couldn't describe – his smile so sincere, his hand radiating heat, his presence slowing time and space. Dean's chest tightened.
“The spell,” Sam explained. “There's a spell. It has to be done at a particular place, at an exact angle from the sun. If done right, it'll release an unstoppable force that will find Chuck and finish him.”
A bird chirped far away. Insects were buzzing around them. A light breeze travelled through the forest. Otherwise there was complete silence.
“Yeah, the kid made some changes here. This ain't just reliving your dreams anymore. Heaven is what it always should’ve been – everyone happy, being together in the same place.”
"Sam, he's tired. Just let it go, okay?" Dean's voice left no room for discussion. "We’ve kind of got more pressing matters at hand right now."
Cas awkwardly reenacted what he’d seen Dean do, and Dean couldn’t help but laugh. There was something comical in hearing an Angel of the Lord being called ‘son’ by Bobby.
Anyone else would’ve been confused, but Dean knew what it meant. It meant ‘I’m happy for the both of you’, and coming from Bobby, he wouldn’t have wanted it to be said in any other way. “We know, Bobby. Thank you.”
As Lucifer approached Jack – the only other person standing up in the room – Dean saw Sam take the opportunity to shuffle towards Michael. He smiled to himself, because he knew exactly what his brother was up to.
Suddenly, all the memories came back to Dean – defeating Chuck, his goodbye speech to Sam, his apology to Jack, and finally, his confession to Cas. He’d seen the Empty swallow them, he’d felt himself being swept away. When darkness covered his sight, his consciousness was gone. So why was he awake? In an instant Dean sat up and looked around in confusion, the sleepiness all gone. "What the…
“Nothing. Just having a conversation,” Dean replied. He could feel Cas' every breath, every shudder, and every heartbeat. “I'm just talking… really close to your… face…"
With that said, I want to thank everyone who's read and commented on the story so far. I never anticipated such positive reactions! <3
“Alright, it’s done. Let’s light it up,” Sam said and looked up, pulling Dean from his reverie. He lit a match and let it fall down into the bowl on the ground.
Finally, big THANK YOU to everyone who's taken their time to read, leave kudos, and write encouraging comments. This fic ended up so much longer than I'd anticipated, and I'm almost a bit sad that it's over now. But it’s been a fantastic experience, from start to finish, and I couldn't have wished for better support. This has made me realise that I might be capable of writing decent stories after all ;) It also makes me want to write and share more of my work.
"Cas," Dean said. "Wh- when she comes through that door…" He physically wasn't able to finish the sentence. What was he supposed to say?
Cas' expression was the same as back in the bunker, and Dean suddenly realised the tears hadn’t been out of sadness but rather out of happiness. Cas had been happy to die for someone he loved. “Then don’t,” Dean whispered. Despite his own face being full of them, he wiped the tears away from Cas’ face. In the background, he saw the Empty circling a tree, creeping towards them, ready to take them both. But it was okay. Dean smiled as content filled him. This was how his story ended. It felt right. "Then don't… Don't fight it."
Cas was beautiful, and breathtakingly so, even with his hair sticking up in all directions and coat being all wrinkly. Dean had never noticed it before, and he wondered how blind he must have been. Who didn’t see perfection when it was put in front of their eyes? Because Cas equalled perfection, and this absolutely wasn’t Dean being biased – it was a universally accepted fact. There wasn't a single thing about Cas that wasn’t perfect. Not a flaw could be found anywhere from his gentle voice to his gorgeous features to the movements of his body as he graciously walked through the forest.
Lucifer’s eyes widened in surprise as the blade pierced through flesh. His body tensed, and the book cradled in his arms fell to the ground. This was the one action that could render Satan himself speechless.
“Yeah…” Lucifer sighed in satisfaction as five pairs of wide eyes stared at him. He cradled the book to his chest. “I forgot to mention – this is what pop wanted to get his hands on the whole time. Pop was the one who let me out of the Empty, because I’m,” he shrugged, “kind of the new favourite now. No big deal.”
A genuine smile spread on Dean’s face and his insides bubbled with excitement. He wanted to visit his family and friends, wanted
Then finally, after zigzagging between the buildings and a last sharp turn to the right, Jack stopped. He closed his eyes and concentrated on his target. "Yes. It's here."
Sam’s heart sank as he was faced with Chuck's beady, sadistic little eyes glowing with malevolence. The height difference would've been quite comical, hadn't it been for the fact that the shorter person was
. “Out of the forest,” he tried to clarify, only making things worse. Resigned, he turned around and started walking before more stupid things came out of his mouth.
Dean only smiled, averting his eyes. He resisted to look at Cas, because he had one more thing to do – one more apology to make, and one more favour to ask. "Jack… Thank you for everything,” he said, focusing his attention on Jack instead. “I haven’t always been good to you–”
“All the people,” Jack said. “It doesn’t matter which universe – they’re all gone. God took them all.”
"This isn't what you preached," Cas interjected, finally speaking up. He straightened his back, facing his Father. "You taught us to watch over humanity, to love humanity, to care for humanity. You can't do this."
"Cut the crap, you son of a bitch," Dean snapped. Sam could feel him fist his hands. "Why are you doing this?"
from the door accompanied the thuds of his rapidly pulsating heart. There was nothing left to say. Nothing he
Dean forced himself to a kneeling position while wiping away blood running down his face. Pain, originating from his twisted knee, shot up his leg. He put one arm around Sam, the other grabbing Cas. Arduously, they rose to their feet, all three supporting each other. Two things indicated their minds being totally out of it – Cas not objecting physical contact, and Dean feeling Cas’ strong grip around his waist.
“Out of everything I’ve seen, you know, this is one of the weirdest,” Claire finally says, and there’s no mistaking the bitterness in her tone. “You guys acting like you’re all normal. Like some kinda Stepford gays.”
He passed the cue back to Cas. Cas curled a long index finger around the cue, and slid the cue experimentally through the opening. Dean closed his fingers around Cas' wrist, feeling his blood pumping hot at the pulse-point, and tried to shake him. Cas’ hand didn't budge. Dean blinked at his friend's apparent strength, and nodded in approval.
Castiel lifts his eyes to meet Dean’s. They’re soft with something that Dean can’t quite name, and so familiar. Jack is saying something, some kind of explanation, or maybe he’s calling for Sam, but Dean isn’t listening. He pulls Cas close, arms tight around his shoulders, fists clenched in his trenchcoat, eyes squeezed shut against the tears that threaten to fall. Dean doesn’t let go of Cas for a long time.
"Okay, good. Now, your other arm…” Dean stepped around to Cas’ right side, trailing his hand across Cas’ shoulders as he went. The fabric was soft under his fingers, but he could feel the tense line of Cas’ muscles underneath. “Choke the cue higher up for more control, further back for more power. But most of the time...” Dean covered Cas' right hand with his own, and slid it along the smooth length of wood, paying attention to the angle of Cas' arm. Cas' bicep flexed slightly, but noticeably under his shirt. “... you want your elbow at a right angle."
Cas takes a breath to steady himself. He takes two. He slows his breath until it syncs with the pulsing red light. Then he flips Dean over onto his stomach, positions himself between his legs, and pulls his hips up in the air.
Cas feels Dean’s chest starts to shake before the giggles burst from his mouth. The sound is infectious, and before he knows it, Cas is laughing too. And Dean is so relaxed, and bright, and
“I haven’t,” Cas says, and the sight of him tilting his head in confusion feels like a victory in itself.
“You’re just flattering me to get me to back down,” Anael says, though there’s no tone of accusation in her voice.
Cas looks at his plate. He doesn't want to push Dean into a situation he's not ready for. Their current outing has been fraught enough. But he wants Dean to say yes so badly.
Dean is tired of fighting, of running, of freezing and starving and being scared, of doing anything but seeking comfort. He kisses Castiel and it’s not happy, it’s not painful, but it is warm.
Blindly, Cas pulls a book off the shelf, sits down, and lets it fall open. He stares at the random page, and reminds himself of Eileen’s advice.
I added two sentences to chapter 4, scene 5. When Cas and Anna are talking about her family. It's not super-important, it just sets up a character beat in this chapter a bit better.
“That’s impressive,” Cas remarked while chalking his cue. “The renter’s market in this city is terrible.”
"Uh huh.” Dean watched the players break from their huddles and reposition themselves. He took a sip of beer and sighed. “Good. We'll keep watching, then."
“That’s what… that’s what this is, isn’t it?” Cas is looking at him now, and that’s a step in the right direction, but Dean can still see the disbelief in eyes. Dean licks his lips and pushes ahead, feeling like he’s dragging the words bloody out of his chest. “You’re my best friend, so I didn’t think… but this feeling, it’s been building for years…” Dean thinks about everything he felt in Castiel. There was so much that was strange and other-worldly, but so much that was familiar too. “Maybe I had to hear it from you to know that’s what it was.”
He wakes up a couple of hours later. Castiel is seated on the floor a few feet away from him, staring out the open doorway. As Dean watches, Cas’ eyelids droop, his head nods, then jerks back up.
and these souls probably have some questions of their own about the pain they were subjected to when
Richard and Amy emerge from their backdoor. With the expression of newborn lambs, they look around: at the cloudless sky spreading above them, at the grass spreading under their feet, at each other. Then Amy freezes, a sob breaking from her lips. She runs across the lawn to her mother, who has just stepped out of her own house. They embrace, as two young women with matching red hair, and cry, and laugh in each other's arms.
Dean kissed the back of Castiel’s hand and lay back on the blanket, looking from the stars to Castiel and back. “Well, you got me alone,” Dean conceded. “What are you gonna do with me?”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel answered. He hesitated a moment, then glanced up to Jack, who nodded at him in encouragement. “Can we talk?”
“Yeah—sure, thank you,” said Dean. He smiled and tugged out his wallet, starting to thumb out some bills. He was passing them over the counter when he stopped, gaze landing on something in the glass case below. “Hey,” he said, and leaned down to point through the glass. “How much for that?”
Castiel leaned against the wide trunk of an ancient, massive tree near the edge of the waterfall and watched the sky in the distance lighten from black to purple to pink. When the first rays of sunlight shot beams over the horizon he exhaled long and low, as if he’d been holding his breath for the whole event. The river in the valley below burned orange with the sunrise, and the waterfall itself became a stream of living diamonds, too painful to look at, too beautiful to look away. But Castiel did look away; he rose and turned his back to the light, stretching out the kinks of another night of sleep on the hard ground.
Dean chuckled and looked down to Castiel, smiling, and he opened his mouth to speak but Castiel cut him off.
Castiel knelt slowly in front of Dean, being careful of the broken pieces of record player. He glanced over to where it once sat, then his eyes trailed downward to find the pool of vomit in front of the desk. Castiel sighed and looked back to Dean, then his bloodied hands, and finally reached up to cup his cheek. “I’m real,” he said lowly, assuredly. “I’m real.”
Dean shook his head hard and swallowed. “Stop it, Cas. No. No, I don’t…” he paused again, lifting his other hand to Castiel’s cheek. “You’re right. Okay? It’s not fair. It’s not because I think you don’t—any of that. It’s because I’m selfish. And a coward. I’m afraid of my life if you’re not in it.”
Jack lowered his chin in thought for a moment, staring at nothing, then cracked a small grin. “Dean would ask for a beer,” he said. “Or a bottle of whiskey.”
Castiel did him one better. He slid back down the couch and gently pulled Dean along with him, allowing the hunter to lie down and stretch out, and he carefully guided Dean’s head to rest on his leg. “Better?”
He's gone before I can answer. That feeling rises in my chest again--that tugging and wrenching, like someone has reached inside me to wring me out. I wish I'd never said that about the 'more profound bond.' I'm not sure it's true anymore. I think it hurts Sam--or maybe I'm reading too much into his nuances. I still do that too often. And Dean--well, it's definitely different. But I don't think it's
He’s human now, but he still notices the way Dean looks him over, the way his eyes linger a little too long when Cas is unbuttoning his shirt. And Cas wants him to notice—but he doesn’t want Dean to know he wants him to notice—and the whole thing feels very mortal and messy.
With his free hand, Michael snapped his fingers, and Castiel’s voice went silent. He pulled Castiel back from the edge and pushed him toward the treeline, setting off. “It’s fitting, your love of humans,” he said. “Considering you’re going to die like one.”
That pooling warmth settled between their hips, and Dean instinctively rolled his into the heat. Cas moaned again and arched his back into the touch, dragging his hands up until they reached Dean’s arms beneath his head. He pulled them out and stretched until Dean figured it out—pinned Cas’s arms above his head in the grass and linked their fingers. He kissed Cas deeper, ground his hips harder, more intentionally, finding the center of that heat and pushing. They panted into each other’s mouths, and Dean released one hand to trail it down between them, to the button of Cas’s jeans. He unhooked and unzipped them, and then his own, settling his weight there, the thinner fabric between them churning the heat to a fire. When Cas groaned, he lifted his hand and wound their fingers together again, tighter, more desperately.
Jack stared down into his glass, then looked up to Dean, then Castiel. He stared between them a moment, then broke into a wide grin. “Sam told me this would happen,” he said, matter-of-factly.
“We summoned Belial and recruited him to fight Michael in order to get you out,” he said bluntly, not meeting Castiel’s eyes when he saw his lover’s head whip toward him.
“Thank you, Jack,” said Castiel from behind Dean. When he was silent, Castiel slipped into the chair beside his, reaching for his knee under the table to give it a gentle squeeze.
“Once there’s no more left he’ll likely go unconscious for a spell,” answered Rowena. Her hand was still clasped over Castiel’s mouth. “We won’t know until dear Castiel comes to and tells us himself, but they
Castiel cringed away, feinting back with Michael’s steps forward. “Stop it,” he grumbled, but Michael didn’t stop.
“Dean’s trying to spite us with…” Castiel squinted at the bags of pork rinds remaining on the shelf. “The fried skin of pigs. Which doesn’t seem—”
“It’s funny,” drawled Michael, smiling lazily down at what Dean assumed was Castiel’s writhing form. “I was so concerned about my remaining grace. But you know what? It’s growing back on its own, which renders your hubby, well, rather useless. Don’t you think?”
“And nothing!” said Dean, finally looking back up to Sam. His face was red, and when his brother smiled, he looked away again and cleared his throat. “Cas is gonna stay in my room from now on.”
“Yeah, Mathers,” Dean said to himself, ignoring the angel. “Angela Mathers.” He scooped up Claire’s laptop from where she’d left it earlier on the couch.
Dean moved quickly. Stalked. He beat Castiel to his room by a few seconds—long enough for him to be standing at his sink, hands on the sides, staring at his reflection when Castiel arrived. He closed the door softly behind him. “Dean,” he said gently, but Dean rounded on him.
With a grunt, Dean rolled to a seat and slid off the Impala’s hood. He settled himself in the front seat and reached for his box of tapes. He was going through it when he heard rattling from the glove compartment. Brows furrowed, he reached to open and dig through it, trying to figure out which burner had been going off. He pulled out one, but the missed call was from fifteen minutes ago. Another, seven minutes ago; another must have been the one that was ringing, as its missed call was only a minute passed. Dean fished out the last two phones. Each had at least one missed call; some of them multiple. His stomach sank. He shoved all the burners back into the glove compartment and started his car, whipping out onto the road and powering on his cell.
“I can’t make you do anything, Cas,” said Dean. He shut the door with a squeak and, staring straight ahead, kept driving in the opposite direction of home.
“And I’ve spent millennia as a formless embodiment of pure celestial energy with no walls and no boundaries, and I stayed in a vessel for
In lieu of an answer, Castiel shook his head and gently pushed on Dean’s chest with his other hand, and Dean sat back on his haunches, straddling him and watching Castiel carefully. Castiel sat up with him and released Dean’s wrist, and after a moment of staring, pulled his shirt up and over his head himself. Dean smirked at him and arched a brow, and Castiel stared for a nervous moment before reaching for the edge of Dean’s t-shirt with both hands. He gripped the hem and started to lift, then looked back up at Dean, as if for permission. Dean’s smile softened. He lifted his arms, and Castiel pushed the t-shirt up until he couldn’t, and as Dean pulled it over his head and tossed it aside, Castiel ran his fingertips down Dean’s sides in wonder and disbelief.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbled. He folded his arms across his chest to keep himself still, almost as if he could physically hold the nervous impatience in.
“We need to find all those books and burn them,” Sam grumbled. He sniffed and took the seat on Rowena’s other side, laying his arm out flat, palm up. “Okay, just do it. We’re wasting time.”
They dissolved into one another, the electricity building in the room as the music switched into the passionate, bluesy crooning of a woman’s voice on the speakers.
In answer, Castiel bit into Dean’s neck again and wrapped his fingers tightly around Dean’s shoulder where he’d once scarred a handprint, and Dean laughed without meaning to. His eyes flew open unbidden as Castiel’s teeth sunk into his skin, and he looked beyond Castiel’s hair and gasped. “Cas,” he whispered, and lowered a hand to tap against Castiel’s back. “Cas, look.”
"I was here when--ah, forgive me, I'm going to monologue--was here when the earth was only stone and water. Before it had a name. Before that, even. I was young--I'd only just found my awareness, but I remember being in Heaven with my older brothers and sisters, and looking down as my Father crafted planets and asteroids and stars. His hands..." I open my eyes, lift my own palms and mimic the movements I can hardly remember now, but could never really forget. I notice Dean still watching me, but I don't look back at him. I'm afraid I might get lost if I do.
“Why don’t we take this outside, little brother?” said Michael, and the void of Dean’s mind blazed white, obscuring everything.
Castiel nodded and groaned. He rocked forward in the seat, hands clenching hard into fists. Grace rippled beneath his skin like wild veins of electricity.
The sun rose in Dean’s chest, pushing a smile to his lips as well. “I—just. I love you, Cas. And,” he faltered, slipping into a guilty frown. “I’m sorry. For not saying it earlier. I’m sorry for ever making you feel like I didn’t—didn’t love you, or didn’t want you, or—I’m just sorry. I don’t know how—”
I know something is wrong the moment I arrive home. The bunker is quiet. Not oppressively so, but it isn't a peaceful kind of silence either. Everything echoes and clangs in the vast, empty hallways and vaulted rooms; it's the kind of quiet that feels like standing on the edge of something--like holding your breath. It feels like waiting.
“Not bad,” he said. “Good. Just a different kind of good. Angels—we feel things like we taste them; it’s almost molecular. When I touch you I feel your skin, but more. All the atoms that hold you together. It’s nice. Intimate. But this is nothing like—this is so…” he trailed off and crinkled his brow, running his hands down the sides of Dean’s neck and over his t-shirt sleeves on his shoulders, then down his arms. “…soft.”
Dean worked his jaw as he watched his brother’s silhouette begin to bed down, then he sighed and hung his head.
Dean cracked open the beer and passed it to Sam, then claimed another from the cooler for himself. “Like a freakin’ Hallmark card,” he said aside, sipping his drink. “Well—our version of one, anyway.”
“Well—yeah,” said Dean, and his cheeks began to flush. He rubbed the back of his neck. “Y’know. Thought you’d like it.”
Dean slammed the car door and shifted into drive. He didn’t look out the window at Castiel; he thought he might change his mind if he caught a glimpse of his eyes, so instead, he pushed the Impala down the road. Only when he was out in front did he check his rearview, and his stomach twisted with guilt and love when he saw Castiel standing in the middle of the road, watching him drive away.
Dean quirked an apologetic grin, but otherwise waved Castiel off. “Okay, fine. How about…” he cleared his throat and, mimicking Castiel, said, “At least I don’t look like a lumberjack.”
Cas tilted his head and thumbed over Dean’s cheekbones. “Well, that’s impossible,” he said. “I’m right here and pretty pleasantly occupied.”
“He was running recon,” Castiel chimed in lowly. “He’s probably been hovering around the woods the whole time, making sure we didn’t pose a threat.”
Sam was already there at the table, phone to his ear. He lowered it and hung up when he saw Castiel’s approach. “Hey,” he said. Sam looked Castiel’s outfit up and down but said nothing.
“Nope, me,” said Dean. He scooped up the compass and stood, meeting Sam’s incredulous gaze. “What? I read,” he defended. “Let’s go before it’s dark.”
Castiel’s eyes flew open, wide and red with pain. Within his pupils danced a multitude of sparks: bright yellow from the spell and two barely discernable shades of blue. Castiel’s fingers gripped the arms of the chair hard—hard enough to crush the end of the one closest to Sam. He shook violently, a low scream muffled in his chest behind Rowena’s hand over his mouth, and then he stopped.
Castiel’s lips twitched into a small, toothless smile as he met Dean’s gaze. He held it for a moment, then looked over Dean’s shoulder and nodded, turning Dean’s head gently with his hands. “There’s Sam.” Sam, behind them, was lying flat on his back, looking for all the world like he was having the best sleep of his life. “He’s alright,” said Castiel before Dean could ask. “I made sure of it. His wounds are healed, but the quick succession of events still took its toll.”
“And I care about you, and my brother, and if you’re at each other’s throats—look, you said nothing has changed, right We already knew. Well—maybe not Jack. But I did. I’ve known for years, man. The only difference is we heard it out loud.”
“You’ll never recover from all this missing grace. Not fully,” he said. “And I don’t know if you’ve heard, but there are only nine of us left. Soon there will be no angels left for you to feed on, and everything will collapse.”
“Hey,” said Dean, setting the book aside. He reached to cradle Castiel’s chin and lift it to bring their eyes together. “We’ll find something. We will. We’ll fix this.”
In the meantime, no song in this chapter, but if anyone is interested: I listen to records while I write, and this was the album/song that inspired the final scene:
Dean’s eyes widened and watered as he stared at Castiel, and to dam the flow of tears before they began, he cleared his throat and looked away, down to Castiel’s chest. “First time I saw you scared the crap out of me, to be honest,” he said.
“No. Damnit, no,” he whispered to himself through clenched teeth, one of his fists connecting with the wood of the desk. “Goddamnit.”
“And I’m terrible at dancing.” He took Dean’s other hand and started to shake his hips totally out of rhythm, then sang along with the song, lowly and very off key, “
“I think—” Cas tried again, and again Dean made it difficult on them both: rolled his hips, twice this time, quicker and more rhythmically, and he grazed his teeth along the side of Cas’s neck.
“Yeah,” said Dean. “I love you, Cas,” he added, pulling back to tilt dream Cas’s chin up and look him in the eye.
The woman cut herself off as her voice broke, and murmurs and quiet, horrified gasps filled the room like buzzing flies. Dean and Castiel exchanged a glance, and Dean sat up straighter, donning his case face.
“Haven’t felt this good in a long time, man,” he finally said to Sam. “Not since—” He cut himself off and the warm serenity that had settled in his chest sank, replaced by tendrils of dread. Dean leaned forward and his eyes glazed over as he gripped the edge of the table, testing its reality.
Castiel looked away from Dean and pulled his knees in to sit cross-legged. He lowered his hands to his lap to stare at his palms. He flexed his fingers as if they belonged to someone else and scrunched his nose. “I’m human.”
When the backs of his legs hit the mattress, Dean wound a hand back around Castiel’s waist and turned them so it was Castiel, not Dean, who was forced into seat. Castiel leaned back on his hands and stared up at Dean, and Dean leaned down to capture the angel’s lips once more, pushing against his shoulder. Castiel dragged himself backwards and Dean crawled with him. Once the angel was flat on his back he gently directed his arms above his head, linking their fingers. He pinned Castiel down with kisses and hands, and Castiel arched into him. Dean steadied himself and released Castiel’s hands but not his lips, reaching down to pull up the hem of Castiel’s shirt.
“No,” said Sam, firmly. He leveled his gaze with Castiel. “He won’t last without you. This is as much for him as it is because we care about you.”
When Dean was straddling Castiel, he pulled his fingers free and leaned down to kiss the almost-angel, guiding his hand around to his ass. “You trust me?” he whispered.
“Hmm,” Dean laughed a little through his lips. “Can’t argue without calling the kettle black. Guess that makes me the pot.” Dean felt Castiel’s head turn against his shoulder, and he opened his eyes to find blue eyes looking over at him.
“I’ve been shirtless before,” Dean teased gently as he resettled himself, lazing his forearms over Castiel’s shoulders. “Hell, I’ve seen you naked. On my car, covered in bees…”
Castiel said nothing but released one of Dean’s hands and worked it beneath him, wrapping it around his length. Dean bucked into Castiel’s fist immediately, and Cast resumed his rhythm, keeping time. The sounds Dean made with the added pleasure were agonizing, and within minutes Castiel found himself tumbling quickly toward the edge. “Dean—”
“Can’t you make it go faster?” Dean groaned. He leaned forward and tapped on the glass, narrowed his eyes at the dull brown stones. “I don’t even see anything yet.”
“Really?” said Dean, straightening. He sunk his hands into his pockets and blushed without meaning to. “I know somebody like that.”
“I need you,” Castiel answered. He dragged his nails up Dean’s back and into his hair, gripping it to force Dean to look at him. “Dean,” he said, and waited until Dean ceased his thrusts and met his gaze. “I need you,” he said again, level and intent.
“Like I said,” answered Castiel, still mouthing the skin of Dean’s neck. “I’ve been searching for this for my entire existence. Before you, there was only duty. Now there’s reason. Purpose. That’s not something angels are meant to have. Don’t underestimate how significant you are. How rare this is.”
“Whatever,” said Dean as he threw off the covers. “Hurry up in the bathroom!” he yelled as Jack shut the door behind him.
“Damnit, Dean,” Castiel cracked. This time, he felt the grace burning at the back of his eyes, and he focused hard on keeping it under control. “I saw you. I saw you with that other me. That wasn’t some—that wasn’t forced. Michael was dosing you with Djinn venom. That isn’t what you wanted—what you want?”
“Because you have a chance to be happy?” asked Sam gently. “Or because Cas is a guy?” Dean’s head shot up and he looked at Sam, wide-eyed and red-cheeked, but didn’t speak. Sam scoffed, and continued, “C’mon, man. It’s 2018, nobody cares. And like I said: I’ve known for years. Everybody has. And not just about you and Cas—even before him. Like I never noticed you checking out a dude before.”
Dean doesn't immediately look at me, but I see his body language change. His shoulders roll back and stiffen, and he wipes a hand from his forehead down to rub at the scruff on his chin. "Cas, hey," he rumbles softly. He has to clear his throat before he speaks again. "How's the hunt for Lucifer going?"
“Great,” said Dean. “There’s some leftover breakfast, I think, and Sam and Jack should hopefully be back soon with some grub. Gonna cook you up my specialty.”
“So what does that mean?” asked Sam. Jack returned from the air conditioner and took a seat beside Castiel.
“Yes!” said Jack, clapping his hands together once. “We didn’t have any fancy glasses. Or a fancy bucket, but—”
With a quick turn of his wrists, Michael snapped Cas’s neck. Dean felt the bones pop, saw the blue of Cas’s eyes go dull, and his stomach rolled but Michael quelled it. He screamed inside his brain, but then his voice went silent too. Michael dropped Cas’s body unceremoniously to the ground, and then he spoke.
“Here,” said Dean, leaving Castiel propped against the toilet bowl once he was steady to fetch a glass from the counter. “Water.”
They walked for over an hour, hardly speaking, trying to make as little noise as possible, before they heard the river. It wasn’t quite dark enough for flashlights yet, but sunset was coming on quickly, and in the forest the shadows began to grow long and deep. The arrow on the compass skipped and twitched, but stayed more or less in the same place depending on which way they went—or perhaps, Dean wondered, depending on where Castiel was going. The sound of the river felt like a sign, and Dean’s heart rate picked up the louder it got. The arrow pointed resolutely toward it, quivering as if in excitement, and against his better judgement, Dean let himself feel the anticipation as well. Without meaning to, he started walking faster, leaving Sam loping to keep up.
“Whatcha got?” Dean called as he took the stairs down into the bunker’s atrium two at a time, nearly tripping.
Castiel was quiet for a long while, watching the patch of darkness where Sam was trying to sleep. “I knew they’d died,” he said. “I didn’t know how much Sam blamed himself. Though I suppose I should have.”
“You—no, you didn’t die, but your temperature was off the charts, man. It was like you ate the freakin’ sun. We had to cool you down.”
“What? Nothing,” said Dean with a needless cough, recovering. He stood and righted the chair, pushing it beneath the desk. “Yeah, well. Not surprising. You’ve had a hell of a day and it’s only…” he glanced at the clock. “Not even noon.”
“Damnit, Cas, come on!” Dean huffed, indignantly grabbing two more bags and piling them into the crook of his arm. “To spite you both,” he muttered, jabbing a finger at Castiel as he passed for the checkout counter.
Castiel closed his eyes for a moment, thoughtful, then opened them again to look at Dean. He nodded. “That was it. I’m human again.”
I withdraw one hand and place it on his shoulder, the place that used to bear my hand print, and that I secretly wish still did. "I touched your soul, and all of it paled in comparison. I rebuilt you--studied every atom and molecule and freckle from my Father's original design--mixed the colors in your eyes so carefully. I had to get everything just right. The moment I laid a hand on you in Hell, I was lost. And I need you to understand that I don't want to be found."
“We should,” said Dean, attempting to hide his gruff embarrassment. He seated himself at the table opposite where Jack and Castiel stood.
Jack nodded and took off inside, and Dean turned around to face Sam, tears streaking his face. “Yeah. Right. Alright,” he said as stoically as he could manage—which wasn’t much. His voice was thick and cracked, and though he stowed his tears with one hard sniff, he was still shaking as he paced quickly around to the driver’s side and opened the door. “You gotta help me carry him, Sammy.”
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled, settling more comfortably into the position than he’d ever dreamed he would. His eyes fluttered closed and he drifted off to Castiel’s hand resting across his heart, the other carding gently through his hair. And, sometime in the night, he swore he felt warm, chapped lips grace over his forehead, his nose, his mouth, and when he woke the next day he prayed he hadn’t dreamt it.
“Then I suggest you get him to a chair,” Rowena grinned. She lifted her hands, splaying fingers towards the three of them. “Somnum summatim.”
“I know,” said Sam, but he did as he was told. Dean set the plate in front of him and picked up a piece of bacon, trying to force-feed his brother.  Sam scowled and swatted Dean’s hand. “Dude, stop.”
Dean shut off the car and stepped out but said nothing. He slammed the door and leaned against it, folding his arms across his chest.
Just as Sam was about to disappear, the tell-tale squeak of the Bunker’s door swinging open stopped him in his tracks, and both he and Dean looked up at the stairs. Jack’s quick, quiet sneakers appeared first, followed by Castiel’s slower, heavier gait, his trench coat rustling behind him. A lump formed in Dean’s throat with the sight; it reminded him of a past where the angel wasn’t yet his—where Castiel could disappear in the blink of an eye for weeks at a time without so much as a word. He cleared his throat and looked back to his guns, feigning nonchalance.
The carefully crafted last confession was still fresh in Dean’s memory. It held the truest things to ever come out of his mouth. Usually, he wasn’t an outwardly affectionate person – opening his heart made him feel vulnerable and uncomfortable. That speech, however, had been the one exception, because Cas was the one exception in his life. And now that it was out in the open, he didn’t know how to follow up on the things he’d said.
Dean slowly came to his senses. He shifted a bit, trying to find a more comfortable position. But even though his body lay on a bed of hard objects, his head was placed on something soft and warm. Curious to find out more, Dean opened his eyes just a crack and squinted, mind groggy like he’d been asleep for an eternity. A familiar tan fabric was there to greet him.
“Hey–” Dean protested when Cas determinedly yanked the phone from his hand and hung up. “Wh– Cas what was that for? I need Sam to know that in–”
Dean wiped his face with his hand and ignored the warning. "Cas, we've been through a lot together, you and I. First time we met, I
"Hmm…” Lucifer nodded thoughtfully. “I did anticipate reluctance, so I came prepared. See, I come bearing gifts – a token of good faith, if you will." He gestured with his hands in the air, and suddenly a woman appeared beside him – gagged, chained, and clearly panicking.
“That was Billie. She’s dying. Look, Sammy, in case I don’t get to see you again I just want you to know that…” Dean trailed off as Cas walked up to him.
“I'm sure he's aware I took your side against him. I've avoided using any powers that might attract his attention. How did the four of you manage?”
to, because everything he wanted to say was conveyed in that one hug. His big brother could always interpret his actions. He could always hear the words unspoken.
“I’m… getting there,” Jack answered with a concentrated frown. “This new power is very… different. I’m experimenting.” As he talked, a car – complete with driver and all – appeared in the oncoming lane.
Dean shook his head and smiled. He hadn’t realised until now how much he’d missed this Bobby – the version who was sarcastic, sardonic, gruff, chronically unamused, and harsh on the outside but soft on the inside. “Never mind. As I said, long story.”
it’s nobody’s fault but that bastard’s. It’s not our actions that brought the world here – it’s Chuck’s disturbing, psychopathic mood swings. But you know what? Screw him. We’ll fix it like we always do.”
," Michael said in a threatening voice, widening his stance as if preparing for war. Dean saw his eyes flash blue.
Dean glanced in the mirror again, seeing Cas stare out of the window. “What are your chances of controlling the Empty?” he asked Jack, and saw Cas turn his head around in surprise.
Chuck let his head drop and huffed in disbelief, finally coming to a realisation. “I made the mistake of creating a too perfect story.” He looked up at his favourite characters, eyes signalling defeat. “So this is where it ends, huh? This is where you kill me…” He pulled himself off the ground, and kneeled in front of Sam and Dean, in front of his son and grandson.
Dean stared down at the woman, at a loss for what to do. So much had happened in one day that his brain had stopped reacting to all the atrocities. What the hell were they even doing siding with Satan?
Dean had almost fallen asleep by the point Sam showed up in the kitchen. He jerked awake and, slightly disoriented, squinted at his brother. “You done?”
“Were you, uh… doing some reading?” Sam glanced at the books that Cas had earlier been going through.
After a good while of being divine punching bags, they were all lying on the ground, writhing in pain. With unfocused eyes, Sam looked behind Chuck. “Okay, that’s enough,” he coughed, blood dripping from his mouth.
Sam frowned and looked at Jack who was frowning even more. He refused to believe that anyone could casually forget a deep cut across their palm. "Dean, what happened to him?"
“I never spent much time on Earth. I was... curious about the perception of God and Heaven.” Michael gestured around the church. “When God left Heaven, I was certain of his return. So I made sure all of the angels and prophets burnished his image on Earth. Apparently, my efforts were more effective than I'd hoped, because the believers love him. They have, for thousands of years.”
Jack was now technically God. But apparently, eating Chuck’s power wasn’t just like installing a plugin. With the power came the task of acclimatisation. It came with the requirement of skill, and the learning curve was steep. As of now, Jack had estimated about half of the world being back to normal. This half included Eileen, which was why Dean’s right ear was filled with the quiet voice of Sam chatting away with his girl, completely lost in his own little world.
“You think she’s the one?” Dean averted the gaze from the breath-taking landscape and looked at his brother. He needed to be sure.
“That is true,” Cas said, having heard this part of their conversation. “You two… weren’t supposed to know.”
“As far as we know, only Death can open it. But, umm…” Sam shrugged. “We're hoping maybe you can too.”
Then suddenly everything made sense. The revelation hit Dean with an impact almost physically able to knock him to the ground. He understood.
It was hard not to let revulsion dictate his actions. Dean could feel himself slowly lose control over his fists as he took a warning step forward.
to meet his family and friends. He wanted to see all of Heaven. Cas was finally home again, and this was where their new life started. This was the beginning of a life they’d been denied on Earth.
the humans you forgot about,” Sam answered, only bothering to turn his body halfway to look at Chuck. “You can keep the book.”
Suddenly the whole world sprung into action. The sounds came back, the time ticked on, the surroundings reappeared. In a firm motion, hard yet gentle, Cas shoved Dean aside. As Dean fell to the ground, the door smashed open, revealing its long-restrained victim.
’.” Dean put his hand on his brother’s neck and studied him closely. He memorised every inch of Sam’s face, because he would never see it again. His little brother had been with him his entire life. But now they parted ways.
"Okay, I'm listening," Dean said with caution, not knowing what to expect. As far as he knew, nothing in this room could be of use when
"I'll drink to that.” Dean tapped his bottle against Bobby’s in a cheer. When withdrawing his arm, however, a thought struck him. “Wait a minute… You’re Bobby, like…
At first, Sam saw nothing. They stood in front of a restaurant, as empty and lifeless as everything else around them. A couple of tables and chairs were tipped over, no doubt from the panic arisen when people had started disappearing. "What are we looking for?"
Then suddenly, with a sharp inhale, the woman came to life. She flew up from the floor, as if being yanked, and came to stand beside Lucifer.
In his peripheral vision, Dean saw Cas get sent into a wall closely followed by Michael running towards Lucifer, only for the latter to zap out of reach. Michael spun around, eyes glowing and hands sending out a ball of energy. But it was to no avail – Lucifer once again zapped out of the way, and what was aimed at him hit the wall behind.
getting rusty at this, buddy,” Lucifer said and appeared at the other end of the room. Stretching out a hand, he knocked the other archangel to the floor.
say would change the fact that in a matter of minutes, his life would be over. “Cas. Go. You need to warn Sam and Jack. I can stall Billie. I can buy you enough of time–”
decision. Cas had managed to stall the inevitable, but that door wasn't going to hold forever. Like everything else in his life, every time he came palpably close to victory, something would go wrong and derail
And so, the last chapter has come to an end. But the story continues. What do Dean and Cas do next? How does Sam continue his life? Does he hunt? Does he live the canon life? I'll leave it up to you guys to decide! :) For me, chapter is kind of two epilogues in one – the first is where Dean and Cas are finally together, and the second is with Bobby, giving more of a glance into their future.
"Relax, I'm just ki– kidding…" Dean trailed off, because Cas was staring at him again. He'd come to realise that Cas had a very specific set of expressions reserved only for him, and he was staring at one of them right now. "What?"
“Uhh… long story,” Dean said and scratched the back of his head. “We kind of… saved Earth. It’s complicated. But Bobby, I thought you were in…”
Finally. I apologise for the delay. I had planned for chapter 3 to be about s15e19, but the chapter ended up longer than I'd anticipated, so I decided to split it (you might have noticed the increased total amount of chapters).
…” He looked at the landscape extending into the vanishing point. “It makes me feel like our fight wasn’t for nothing. It makes our lives all worth it.”
Chuck quickly spun around. He was faced with Jack who must have recently materialised. Untroubled, he snapped his fingers, expecting his grandson to go away like last time. But Jack remained standing, unaffected by the action and very much alive. Chuck snapped his fingers again, and again, and again. But nothing happened. With panicked eyes, he looked at his fingers that were still snapping. “W-what is happening?” He tripped over his words, panic rising. He tried to back away when Jack walked towards him, but his grandson was quicker. With a dazzling speed, Jack grabbed hold of Chuck’s face. A golden light emanated, surrounding both of them. Chuck’s facial features froze in horror, his body spasming and breath hitching. The power leaving him and entering his grandson was visually an impressive sight. It marked the end of an era.
Sam couldn’t believe his ears. Something was definitely up – something that both Dean and Cas deliberately ignored. There was something weird with them, like their existence had been struck out of balance, and he couldn't really put his finger on what it was. He sighed. "Uhh, okay, whatever. Look, I can't– I'm happy you're both safe,” Sam settled on saying, giving up his inquiries for now. Knowing his brother’s stubbornness, this would lead him nowhere, so when Dean's eyes looked around the town, his gaze followed. Maybe things would make sense in due time.
Dean was aware that he on multiple occasions over the last years, and especially the past months, hadn’t treated Cas well. He’d always blamed it on disagreements, but maybe it had been a subconscious choice out of fear – a fear of questioning his very own core values. Maybe Dean had started pushing Cas away because he was afraid of what he actually felt. Maybe he was scared of his fundamental beliefs changing. It didn't matter which scenario was true – all he came to realise was that Cas had become too important to him. Dean, however, didn’t have another chance to delve into his new-found insights, because Betty entered the room.
Dean ignored the comment and followed his brother, leaving the heap of angels and one nephilim behind them.
As for the future, I might make a drawing illustrating this last chapter if I have time. If I do, I'll upload it. I might even finish my other spn fanfic and share it with you guys. Who knows?
“I’m not. My whole life, I’ve seen through a lens clouded by darkness." At this point Dean’s voice broke again. "But you’ve cleared my sight.”
“Uhh, Sam thought that he recognised some of the symbols in the writing, so he's gonna use the Book of the Damned to see if he can't figure out the end,” Dean said, watching Michaels every reaction carefully. “And by that, I mean...
to humiliate Cas with his filthy, disgusting mouth. A sudden boost of adrenaline sped up his heart rate as he put himself between Cas and Lucifer, staring the latter unwaveringly in the eyes. It was stupidity at its finest to threaten Satan, but when said archangel had repeatedly made your life hell on earth, recklessness could sometimes be excused. "If you don’t tell us
Dean peeked inside the box when Sam lifted the lid. Within was a sharp, twisted blade attached to a black handle. “The archangel blade. Not bad.” He carefully picked the weapon up and felt its weight in his hand. It was surprisingly heavy for something so delicate. This was their only advantage over Lucifer, and looking at it triggered an idea to form in his head. “I’ve been thinking about what Jack told us earlier – you know, the whole power-sucking vacuum situation he has going on?”
?” Chuck asked meekly, lifting his head from the ground to look at the Winchesters. “Where are my powers?”
“Yeah, I don’t even know how that happened.” Sam huffed. “I got lucky.” He made a pause, hesitating for a second. “But you know, I won’t be truly satisfied until the day you find your Eileen.”
When Michael’s eyes glowed bright blue, Dean saw that as their chance. He elbowed Sam in the side. “Showtime,” he whispered. Together, they walked towards Lucifer. However, they were sent flying backwards within seconds, crushing into shelves and chairs. The impact made Dean wince, but the pain was worth it. Things finally seemed to go their way.
When Jack finally released his grip, Chuck collapsed to the ground, his body not strong enough to keep him upright anymore. Jack looked up, eyes glowing like fire, a bright, golden aura surrounding him. With a snap of his fingers, he’d healed his friend’s wounds.
Dean watched closely as Michael hovered a hand above the book. He could see the concentration on his face, he could feel the power radiating off the book. It was total silence in the room as everyone’s attention was focused on one common goal. For a long time nothing happened. In the end, Michael looked up and shook his head. “I'm sorry.”
was inspired by classic rock, and Clarence Clemons from Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band, plays on "Edge of Glory" and "Hair" (which is how I figure Cas discovered her music in the first place - he was looking into the saxophone player from "Born to Run"). Also, Cas should have been a Little Monster on the show, for reasons too numerous to mention in an end note.
Dean participates with a polite amount of attention, asking superficial questions and nodding along to the answers.
It wasn’t clear that Cas liked it though. Dean could feel the tension in his jaw and neck, and he barely kissed back. He was just experiencing it passively, just letting Dean kiss him. Dean wasn’t happy to settle for that, and he was pretty sure Maureen wanted something a bit more interesting too.
He didn’t tell Sam that it reminded him of that first solo case John had ever sent him on: those nuns who were in love with each other and killed themselves. Or that it made him think things about the futility of love. Like how it never seemed to match up right on all sides, like a puzzle whose pieces had been swapped out.
“Oh, no!” Kelly says adamantly. “It’s not like that at all! I’m so lucky. My son is here. I get to see the person he’s becoming, every day.”
Cas rolls his eyes and is about to sign something back, when he’s distracted by a tap on his shoulder. He looks up to see Dean standing above him.
When darkness fell, and they settled down for the night, it was a different story. Castiel’s mind would wander, and he’d chatter about botany and evolution and a dozen other things. Dean talked too, relating stories about growing up on the road, and Cas would listen. He skipped over the parts about hunting, and instead told the angel about the minutiae of his childhood: the one science class he actually liked due to the teacher starting things off by setting fire to his hand; the time all John left for Sam and Dean to eat was several boxes of Pop-Tarts, and Sam was bouncing off the walls; his speculations about what exactly was so intriguing about the world’s largest ball of twine.
And Dean is about to get up, he is. He plants his hands on either side of him to push himself off the ground, but his muscles ache in protest. He’s tired. Not just from the past night, but from everything. He’s tired, and he’s lonely.
Dean staggered to his feet, and followed Maureen into her bathroom. It was just as impressive as the rest of her apartment: expansive, tiled in warm ochre and terra cotta ceramics, gleaming with brassy fixtures. One end of the room was closed off by glass, and Dean realized it was a massive shower stall.
Dean angled the mirror to better see his neck, and caught sight of Cas, still in his hunting clothes and standing over his duffle-bag, considering two t-shirts.
"Dean, if I knew you were this much of a chef I would've asked you to cook for me years ago," Jody says, after swallowing her last mouthful of mashed potatoes.
“Maybe you need to work on your people-reading skills,” Jack says politely, though Cas sees the spark of mischief in his eyes.
“Castiel,” Uriel begins in a formal tone. “I apologize for trying to kill you when you refused to help me free Lucifer.”
While the cab ride wasn’t cheap, the hotel they were staying in definitely was—an aging low-rise with a burnt-out neon sign and an out-of-service elevator. Dean and Cas sleepily trudged up the stairs, steps echoing in the stairwell. Dean decided it was time for a debrief.
And yeah, Dean had been there, with that chick in Austin, when Dean could barely keep his eyes on the road long enough to get them back to the motel in time.
Beverly watched hungrily as Dean pulled off his clothes. Dean found himself kind of wishing that she wouldn’t. He wasn’t sure what he had been expecting Cas to look like under his clothes, but the way his muscles rolled along his back and shoulders, the definition around his chest and hips, left Dean feeling a little self-conscious. If he had been in Beverly’s position, there was no doubt over which man he’d be paying more attention to.
"Very much so," Cas says. He studies the different shades of green in Dean’s eyes, wondering if there's names for all of them. "Today was a good day."
She shifted so that Dean was sitting up and she was behind him, her arms around his waist, her breasts pressed against his back. Her lips brushed his ear. “And your friend Cas. Doesn’t he look amazing too?”
Regardless of what he told himself, Dean just couldn’t seem to get his heart rate down. He braced himself against the roof of the Impala, and took a deep breath.
Cas kisses Dean deeply, and he can feel Dean relax into him. “My beloved,” Cas whispers, breath ghosting over Dean’s lips. He feels Dean shiver. Cas slots one leg between Dean’s, presses as close as he can against the whole length of his body. “My dearest, my heart, my only.” He kisses Dean again, gently, lingering.
She inched closer to him, resting a hand on his bicep, before asking in a low voice, “Bring your friend?”
A large group of children have gotten together and are trying to play soccer. The ball they use has an iridescent, glittery finish, designed to catch kids’ eyes in the toy store. It’s a lightweight rubber, easy to kick high in the air. When it goes flying, the kids run after it in a mob, screaming and laughing.
“This all?” said the old man as Dean settled his spoils on the counter, talking over the pop music that had gotten too loud.
“Okay,” said Sam. “C’mon, Jack,” he added, and Jack slid off the bed to follow Sam quickly out the door. It was silent in the room until the Impala’s engine faded into the distance.
“So, what?” asked Jack, finally speaking up. “He’s trying to open up another rift? Why? He’s already made it here. Isn’t that what he wanted?”
Dean slipped his hand up into Castiel’s hair and kissed him hard—the angel was warm and almost buzzing around him, like static electricity. Castiel made a low sound into the kiss and walked them backwards towards the table, pressing Dean into his chest. When Dean’s back bumped the table, Castiel slid his hands down Dean’s back and over the curve of his rear, then pulled him up by the backs of his thighs to settle him on the table, wedging himself between Dean’s legs. Dean rolled his jaw to open Castiel’s mouth and kissed him deeper, his palms trailing down Castiel’s back, then his sides, and then to the hem of his shirt. Dean began pulling it up and Castiel let go of him briefly to tug it the rest of the way over his head, then moved to quickly strip off Dean’s shirt as well.
“It’s made, as far as I can tell, from a melted-down angel blade,” murmured Castiel, watching Dean pore over the ring. At that, Dean’s eyes shot up to Castiel, and his brows lifted. Castiel smiled but continued. “I haven’t been able to figure out its purpose, exactly. But it’s hollow.” He reached out his hand to Dean, and Dean tilted the ring back into Castiel’s palm. Castiel angled the ring into the light and pointed out a tiny inscription of some kind of magical symbol printed on the inside. “That symbol acts almost like a door,” he said, before offering the ring back to Dean to look it over. “Or a seal. At first I thought it might be containing something malevolent, but…well, I tried to figure it out, using my grace. Instead it pulled a piece of my grace inside.”
“Sam,” said Castiel, voice elevating again. He cleared his throat and glanced over to the sleeping bodies once more and was more hushed when he continued. “What Dean wants and what he
“I know,” repeated Sam. “Come on. We’re not letting him go. We’re not, Dean. We’re calling Michael’s bluff. But we’re going to need a
“I also made a cake,” said Jack, gesturing obviously to the lopsided cake in the center of the table. “Sit! I’ll serve you. It is
Castiel tossed them aside, then pulled Dean back in to lick into his mouth. “I need you,” he whispered into the kiss, hands roaming all over Dean’s body, unable to make up their minds.
Everything had needed to happen so fast that time lost meaning outside of danger and uncertainty; every second going by was another second he didn’t know whether or not Castiel was dead, or whether or not the plan would even work, or what they’d find in Eden. Dean wasn’t sure, at this point, how long Castiel had even been gone, but it was long enough that the heat he’d left behind on Dean’s skin had faded. It could have been fifteen seconds or five minutes. Dean decided he’d ask Castiel when he got back, but for now, he closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the seat, wrapping himself in the blanket. He tried to think of nothing—to just focus on the unending black of the inside of his eyelids, the strange wisps of neon colors that occasionally darted through.
Castiel was silent for a long while, watching Dean. Finally, he cleared his throat. “So, what’s this plan Sam mentioned?”
Sam glanced up at the movement in the doorway, and then perked up further. “Cas, hey! How are you? How long have you been awake?”
Dean spread his own left hand over Castiel’s, then lifted his right to grip behind him at the nape of Castiel’s neck, his lips parting in a breath of pleasure.
“Listen, Cas, I just—” Dean started, and stopped, words broken up by sighs and frustrated grunts. “I’ve never—I’m not—but it’s
“What if Michael doesn’t show up?” Castiel crossed his arms. “What if he knows this is a trap and waits it out, and then I’ve used up all the grace and we’re back where we started? We run the risk of wasting it. We won’t get another shot like this, Sam.”
Dean lowered Castiel in until the water covered his shoulders and carefully let his head loll back against the lip of the tub, but the angel didn’t stir.
“We gotta be,” said Dean. He shoved the compass out to the side to show Sam. “Look at this thing. And the river—”
Castiel’s brows shot up and he felt his heartrate spike as Dean’s footfalls descended the stairs in the next room. “What do I do?” he asked Sam.
“So am I,” said Castiel, finally looking back up to meet Dean’s gaze. “Doesn’t matter now. Because we were both wrong about what we’re allowed to have. I’m just glad we found out, even if we had to find out the way we did.”
“Okay, dig in,” he said, smiling easily—more easily than he remembered smiling in years, as Castiel claimed the seat on his other side and Jack the one across from him.
“Dean! Are you alright?” asked Castiel, instinctively stepping yet closer to the circle only to cringe back against the heat. “I’m here with Sam and Jack. You have to cast him out. You have to cast out Michael.”
They had the hotel until check-out at noon, so after the boys had eaten their fill, Castiel suggested they catch a few hours of sleep before they hit the road for the fifteen-hour drive home. Sam took one for the team and borrowed a roll-away cot from the front desk to give Jack and Dean the beds, and despite his time spent unconscious, Dean was the first to fall asleep, followed closely by Jack. They were both snoring contentedly, dead to the world, before Sam had finished making up his cot. Castiel sat quietly at the table, idly flipping through the pages of a spell book they’d brought along.
He wants it to happen when he’s back from Purgatory, when he’s showered and has conjured up new clothes, and he steps into the Winchesters’ motel room. “Better?” he said.
“Uhh—accidentally got mixed up in a gang fight,” Sam blurted, raking his good hand through his hair. He watched Castiel carefully; the angel hadn’t moved from his position crouching over the unconscious Dean. And his fingers still lingered on the hunter’s battered, swollen face.
At first there was nothing but the familiar darkness of dreamless sleep. No joy, no fear—only an unending sea of static, inky unconsciousness. Then the buzzing started. In the beginning, just a mild irritant—a single fly somewhere off in the distance, easy to ignore. But soon other insects joined it, and the buzzing became a deafening hum of wings filling the entirety of the void. Then came the whirring: a high-pitched keen that approached like a train, soft and shrill as a dog whistle but steadily growing louder, higher, until the ringing was all there was, and the blackness split open down the middle, forcing Dean Winchester back into the light of the waking world.
Dean snagged the liquor store bag from the backseat and tucked it against a hip and was turning to head back inside with his whiskey and beer when he hesitated. He turned to stare at the Impala like it was a trap, then finally returned, opening the passenger side door. Before he could think about it too long, he pulled open the glove box and snagged a small, folded paper sack from it, then shoved that into the back pocket of his jeans and set off for the kitchen, ears red.
Dean parted his lips with a shuddering sigh, and Castiel carefully dribbled some water into his mouth. That stirred a creature need in Dean, and he carefully sat up, taking the bottle from Castiel to give it a long few swallows, little streams escaping the corner of his mouth and dripping down onto the blanket, his chest. “Thanks,” he huffed to Castiel when he finally lowered it. He made a bowl of his other hand and poured some water into it before rubbing it over his face and up into his hair, then chugged the rest of the water and tossed the empty bottle into the front seat.
Dean stepped into his bedroom to find it hazy. The bathroom door stood open, filling the room with warm steam from the running shower. He smiled to himself and pulled the door closed gently behind him, setting his shoes down beside it. He threw his wet flannel over the back of his desk chair to dry, then stripped out of his t-shirt and did the same with it before heading to drag an old boom box from beneath his bed. Dean cleared a space on the nightstand and settled it there, then turned it on and began to fiddle with the dials. When he found the right frequency—a local classic rock station he liked that played a nice selection of chilled out and acoustic rock in the evenings—he turned it up and stripped out of his jeans, heading to the bathroom.
Dean didn't offer an explanation. He just brought up a hand to card through Cas’ hair with his fingers – just enough so it wouldn’t point everywhere. This definitely wasn't an excuse for him to touch Cas. Dean also flattened the lapels of the trench coat, smoothing them out with great care. But he left the slightly crooked tie as it was – that's how it had been the first time they met.
“I'm gonna be with you,” Dean whispered. He put a hand where Sam’s heart was pounding. “Right here. Every day.”
“I need to be sure, Dean.” Cas’ fingers fiddled with a button on his trench coat. “You mean too much to me for there to be any doubt. Both were… very convincing.”
The light disappeared as abruptly as it had appeared. Blended by the brightness, Dean, Sam, Cas, and Michael stood in anticipation, waiting for something to happen. But nothing changed. The world was left as deserted as before.
"Well, God's probably ready to make a move–" Dean was interrupted by Sam's phone ringing. He and Sam frowned as their confused eyes met. There shouldn't be any people left to call them. “Maybe he already made that move.”
Dean’s heart almost skipped a beat. “A-and do you– do you… you know… Do you still…” He couldn’t even say the last words, because he was too nervous and embarrassed to ask.
Dean sighed and leaned back in his chair. So much for that theory. His mind was already numbed at this point, and where disappointment normally resided, there was now nothing.
father. Seeing Bobby again after all these years felt surreal, because as far as he knew, Bobby was still being held in lockup. Dean drew the only logical conclusion there was. ”No, Cas, this can't be Heaven.”
Streets lay empty before them, vacant shops and restaurants lined up on both sides. Walking through the forsaken town felt other-wordly, because this couldn’t possibly be Earth. Earth was filled with life, with movements, with sounds, and this had none of it. This was a bizarre, alien place that once had been at its height of civilization, majestically basking in glory, but now wasn’t even a shadow of its former self.
"I have a feeling you won't like it… for either one of two reasons, but…" Cas turned around and walked a couple of steps away from Dean, gaze turning up towards the ceiling as if he could see past the layers of construction and into the freedom beyond. “When Jack was dying, I… I made a deal with the Empty to save him.”
Dean's phone call had been ambiguous enough to confuse yet clear enough to worry. Hearing that goodbye call, Sam would've left for the bunker right away hadn't there been people to protect. But what he hadn’t counted on was for people to, shortly after, start disappearing. One after another, they’d all vanished into thin air. The fear in their eyes were still burnt into Sam’s mind, the screams of terror ringing in his ears. God hadn't been out to destroy other worlds - he'd been out to destroy
Sam couldn't help but smile in amusement at his brother getting over the moon because of a dog. Just years ago he'd been disgusted with Sam having a dog in the Impala. But people change, and time changes. Right now, a dog was a tiny sign of hope, a sign of sloppiness from–
"Oh, would you guys relax? It was a joke. Would you really have opened if you knew it was me? Come on, where's your sense of humor?" Lucifer put his face close to Sam. "I'm so sorry for your loss," he whispered and winked.
Sam's memories took him back to ten years ago when Dean had shown up, arisen from the dead, with the shape of Cas' hand burnt into his flesh. This had to mean something, right? Did they strike a stupid deal with Death? With Heaven? Both were lying through their teeth, so what exactly had gone down back in the bunker that was worth being so secretive about?
“Y- yeah?” Sam stared at Dean perplexedly. The fierceness in his brother’s voice took him by surprise. “Why are you saying this now?”
“Well, you’re the author, you should know.” Dean looked down at the man, pathetically lying at his feet. It suddenly hit him how ridiculous it was having God bow down to him. “So we had to come up with another plan.” Dean nodded at Sam who carelessly threw the death book to Chuck.
Sam looked at Dean, tears now rolling down his face as well. He tried to smile despite wanting to scream, tried to stand strong despite insides collapsing. This wasn’t happening – this
Cas seemed to understand the unfinished question nonetheless. “We’re not on Earth anymore,” he answered, still not looking up. “What do
