And that was alright. There was much to think about and far too much to deal with. He knew that he could only keep the anger and sorrow tamped down for so long. He had to face unpacking those boxes, and all the evidence of the life he had shared with Mary.
“Dark enough for her to venture into the water to fetch it,” Sherlock affirmed. “She was so agitated when we saw her, she wouldn’t have thought to hook it out like you did. She would have plunged straight in to save what she imagined was a real child. A child,
“Well, I haven’t seen him but someone’s been up before us.” Violet informed him, nodding towards the kitchen door. “I reckon he’s gone out for a walk – that door’s been opened in the last couple of hours. The snow’s been disturbed on the window.”
“It’s barely night any more, John” said Sherlock, gesturing at the windows where he could see the sky edging towards pale grey. “And you don’t need to ask. Your room is as you left it.”
John stared at her, deep unease giving way to dread as he watched the way she was clinging to the branch. It was wide and sturdy enough, but he didn’t think that it would take his weight as well as hers. He didn’t think that she would be able to return to the riverbank unaided, though.
Petty bristled slightly. “Look, this isn’t London. People just don’t help themselves to stuff; it’s not only dishonest, but it would be incredibly
The cool air of the room made John shiver slightly, and he felt a little abashed at his sudden exposure even in the shadowy room. Sherlock knelt up on the bed at his side, studying his body with such frank interest that John closed his eyes and knotted his fingers in the sheets. It was the only way he could stop his hands moving to cover himself. He shivered again when he felt the tip of one finger curiously trace the length of his half-hard cock, from base to tip. He gasped when he felt Sherlock firmly push his thighs wide apart, his eyes flying open. Sherlock glanced up at him as he clambered between John’s thighs, coming to lie between them and pushing his knees up a little.
The train stopped once or twice, allowing more passengers aboard at dimly lit stations. The lounge car slowly emptied after the bar took last orders some time after they passed York; the lights lowering to a warm glow. John had wanted to stay up long enough to catch a glimpse of Edinburgh as they passed through, and the Forth Bridge, but found himself nodding over his book more than once. Eventually he forced himself to get up; yawning and stretching before prodding one of Sherlock’s bent knees. The detective looked up, seeming faintly startled at the almost empty carriage and deep blackness of the countryside outside the train windows.
Mycroft gave him a quelling look, making his way towards the library. “I need to speak with Violet about one or two issues, if you will excuse me.”
“I only said yes so that she’d get out of our hair as soon as possible!” John said, after a heavy pause. He put down his own cup on the battered desk and laid a hand on Sherlock’s rigid shoulder. “Sherlock, it’s alright. I just want her gone. I’m going to get dressed and we’ll go for a walk in the garden and I’ll get rid of her. You don’t need to see her.”
“It’s been a while since I had that kind of dream.” John muttered, fitfully running his hands down his thighs. The compartment suddenly seemed stifling, and irritatingly, Sherlock didn’t seem to be in a hurry to undress.
just tortured the information out of that man, whoever he was. Or better still, had just walked away. John had seen the new scars on Sherlock’s body, the ones that hadn’t been there before he leapt from the roof at Barts. He had heard the stories behind most of them. It felt as if he had missed several more, and it made his skin crawl.
And yet in the middle of June every year, something creeps in and darkens the shadows of every room John sits in. Nowhere is comfortable. The clamor of Londons Streets make his ears ache. Words grate and graze his skin. Food sickens him slightly, turning to sand in his mouth. Idly plucked sounds from the violin put his teeth on edge, a sensation like single hairs being tweezered from his scalp.
“Oh, er. Good. As long as you’re happy.” John muttered, blushing furiously and ignoring the knowing grin that was slowly spreading across Lestrade’s face. “Why didn’t you wake me up, though? I’d have come with you.”
“-no, that’s not acceptable. Scramble them from Peterhead if necessary. Clearance level eight, passcode four nine two zero sierra hotel-“
“That’s alright. Here, have this.” John unearthed a thankfully clean handkerchief from his pocket, realising after he had given it to her that it was one of Sherlock’s.
The soles of Sherlock’s feet were cold as they bumped against his. At first he thought that this was yet another accidental collision, but they didn’t move away. After a moment he let his own feet relax again, and gently pressed his soles back against Sherlock’s.
“It’s such a strange thing, to wake up in an unfamiliar place like this. On the uncomfortable floor, when you are accustomed to the softest sheets and silken coverlets. Books in an unknown language filling the shelves. But you do know this place; it’s just that you left it behind years ago. You swore you’d never return when you struck out on your own, defying your tutors and your father. Your dreams last night were haunted with a dark and mysterious-“
“It’s true!” Rab protested at once. “Everyone knows it. I bet she embroiders your name surrounded by wee hearts all over her petticoats!”
“Pass me that big paper bag over there, will you?” Margaret said unexpectedly, gesturing towards a heavy paper sack on the red formica table. John nodded and held it open for her as she emptied the contents of her dustpan into it. She turned to another pile of blue and gold shards a few feet away; which John recognised as the remains of one of the beautiful gilded coffee bowls he had drunk from that morning.
“As you know… I ordinarily would cheerfully tell him to go to hell and do what I like.” Sherlock said eventually, evidently wanting to make this point crystal clear. “But this… it’s just too much of a risk. He would do it, you know. He would give them a map and hold their coats if it meant that Violet would be out of my life again.” He began worrying at a nearby trailing vine with his long pale fingers. “It’s no use, you see. He always hated her. Always believed that she was a
. Anyway, Mr. McIndoe could of done it; but I don’t see why he would. He wanted two kinds of icecream and some frozen peas; so he was probably on his own in the shop for a bit. He owns the dairy that supplies our milk,” she added.
“Thank you so much, Mr. Holmes.” Patrick said, with a small smile. He held out his glass for Mycroft to refill, and looked at him thoughtfully through his long eyelashes.
Patrick Singh was laughing now too, definitely annoyed but unmistakeably fond. “Mycroft! Come on, you said you’d give it a try-“
Patrick Singh obviously had something of a gambling habit, judging by the shredded betting slips at the bottom of the wastepaper basket in his room.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow, but evidently decided not to inquire further. “I see. Very well. Goodbye then, Violet.”
Violet smirked slightly. “I suppose you could say that old habits die hard. I sign my work these days, but I never used to. Not back then. I never intended to sell these, anyhow – so I never much saw the point. This is the only bit of the house that ever really felt
She grinned, a little sheepishly. “That was right before Sherlock pick-pocketed the provost. We were having a competition, you see. It’s remarkably easy to rob someone in the middle of a ceilidh.”
The conservatory was very still; the lowering sun left wide orange beams of light and filigreed shadows between the towering palm trees and overgrown shrubs. The air was beautifully warm and damp, and John idly sank his fingers deep into a patch of verdant moss that grew on a nearby urn. He sighed, glancing at Sherlock who had taken a seat on a narrow wrought iron bench under an arbour of trailing ivy. “We’re going to have to leave, aren’t we?”
“And was jealous of her, obviously.” John said meditatively. “Incidentally, what did you mean earlier about him finding you in the garden?”
Sherlock paused in the slight shelter offered by a pile of massive granite boulders and a stunted pine tree, huddling into the dank shadows. His right ankle throbbed, the skin abraded and grazed where it had been trapped in the wreckage. The skin of his feet burned with the cold, his toes rapidly going numb.
Sherlock was silent for a few moments. “I don’t like being held down. Tied up. Slapped. Well, hit in any way. Hard biting. And I don’t like being confined.” he said quietly.
“There you are, pet!” he exclaimed, watching Murdy wriggle out of her coat. She discarded it over the back of one of the unoccupied kitchen chairs, before dropping a brusque kiss on his head by way of greeting. “You were certainly up early today. And good morning to you gentlemen,” he added, getting to his feet and shaking hands with Sherlock and then John. “Can I get you some coffee?”
The nurse on duty at the desk nearest Miss Argyle’s ward was clearly a consummate professional, but her expression veered briefly towards doubtful when they asked to speak with her.
“Empathy is a curious phenomenon.” Sherlock murmured pensively as they made their way down the corridor. “I’ve often suspected that you suffer more from it than most people do.”
He strode to the open door and bellowed down the stairs. “MRS. HUDSON, WE NEED TEA!” He looked at John again. “AND PROBABLY SOME BREAKFAST! JOHN IS HERE!”
hands and murmured stupidly sentimental words into the back of his neck when he thought Sherlock was asleep. John, who loved his gun just a little bit too much. John who carefully pushed back the dark things inside his head, who presented such a fascinatingly unassuming countenance to the world. Hidden behind kind smiles and offers of help and the scent of soft wool was the man who chose to immerse himself in a world of murder and felony; a man who could sleep soundly after taking a life. John, a beautiful, mad, dangerous, kind, brave, menacing man.
“Does this mean that the tonic water was on a shelf behind the shop counter?” Patrick asked, looking thoughtful. “Surely it would attract attention, if a customer stepped behind it?”
“I’m not saying she was a saint. I just get this feeling that she was going through a tough time. Being alone wears you down. She probably wanted to marry Garcia, despite him being a git, because she thought it was a better option than being alone.” John tailed off, staring at the little pile of evidence that pointed towards a small and empty life.
Sherlock looked pointedly at the brightly coloured games board on the table, the ornate little pieces and cards. “Well if we’re talking about puerile matters-“
Sherlock shrugged one shoulder, unwinding his scarf and dropping it messily on an ornate carved wooden chair next to the fireplace. “She doesn’t spend all that much time here. Beyond the library, I don’t think she’s ever really thought of it as hers at all.”
“Well until you manage that, he needs locking up.” John said firmly. “It can’t be false imprisonment if we think he’s a danger to himself or others. Is there a key to his bedroom?”
“Yes, indeed.” Sherlock confirmed drily; levering himself out of the desk chair and coming to tower over PC Dalziell. “A little amateurish, but a definite attempt. Miss Antonelli here was the intended victim.”
Patrick shrugged in an off-hand sort of manner. “Oh, in a quiet way. I went for a drive down to Dorset and had a rather bracing walk on the beach at Lyme Regis. I managed to get in a little sketching, too. It’s rather lovely down there in Winter, almost entirely deserted.”
Anthea glanced down at her phone reflexively, her mouth hardening a fraction. “It’s taking longer than I would like. The weather conditions are making it difficult to get accurate satellite imagery. Roadblocks are being assembled as we speak, on all the major roads towards Invergordon. Some of my colleagues will be arriving at the airfield there within ten minutes.” she gave him a flicker of a smile that he supposed was meant to reassure him. “Doctor Watson, there is no way that the younger Mr. Holmes will be taken out of the country.”
“See what, Miss Antonelli?” Sherlock asked, with a barely concealed scowl. He slouched over to where Violet was leaning against the kitchen table and stole her steaming cup of black coffee. “Urgh, why does
“And yet he gets entirely the wrong end of the stick when it comes to the two of us. I mean, the rest of these goons – fair enough. It’s obvious that I’m fond of you, so they might be excused for misinterpreting that. But Mycroft Holmes? Bloody odd.”
“Certainly not!” Mr. Brodie agreed, and pulled his knitted hat down over his ears. “I haven’t done the Frisky or the Gay Gordons for ages!”
“I think I’m going to go join Patrick. I could do with a breath of air too.” he said, putting down his beer bottle with perhaps a little too much force on a nearby table. “’Scuse me.”
Judging from the level of clattering noises coming from the kitchen a while later, Violet was indulging in a spot of theraputic hate-cookery. As they passed the door, John peered curiously inside and spied her doing something complicated and tremendously violent towards a large tray of ducks. Complex, savoury aromas filled the air and reminded him forcefully that he hadn’t had lunch. Violet was still in her painting clothes, with a splattered apron tied tightly around her narrow waist. Several pots were bubbling furiously on the burners of the stove, and a line of loaves were rising in tarnished oblong tins on the end of the table. Her face was grim; she seemed utterly absorbed in her task. He nudged Sherlock.
The most direct route to the kitchen doors was probably back through the conservatory and out the side door, but John couldn’t be sure if he could get through the obstacles of the plants and find it quickly enough. After a split seconds deliberation he hurtled down the corridor that led to the main hallway, and wrenched one of the heavy front doors open. He flew over the path that led around the back of the house, sending gravel flying in every direction.
Sherlock doesn’t reply. He just surges forward until he’s pinned John back into his armchair and he’s kissing him again like his life depends on it. It’s as if he can’t quite decide where to touch John and so his hands roam restlessly, long fingers tracing the line of skin along John’s neckline and cuffs, slipping behind his head and palming the back of his neck. His mouth is bruised with kisses and the scrape of John’s teeth. His eyes become hazy and half lidded when John presses his mouth under his ear. The moan he makes is so deep it’s almost inaudible.
.” Murdy ordered him, dropping to her knees on the floor and pushing the huge book towards him. “Those people in the kitchen – they’re trying to figure out where they’ve gone using satellites and all sorts of fancy stuff. But they don’t
“No, I won’t.” Sherlock said firmly. “Anyway, I was asking you whether you wanted to know who the father is. Whether it would help you at all.”
“It’s true.” Violet agreed. “But it’s hardly a secure building, and there’s usually at least one window open somewhere. And while I don’t think anybody except perhaps Katy knew about the spare key, it wouldn’t have been terribly difficult to find. I think everyone has a drawer in the kitchen filled with odd keys and junk, don’t they?”
He was completely floored, however, when Phyllis placed her small hands on either side of Hilary’s shoulders and kissed her pale cheek. Hilary’s mouth fell open, her eyes wide. She seemed to have frozen entirely.
John nodded, watching Mycroft scanning the map in the light from his torch before passing it to him. Splitting up into two groups was clearly the best plan for covering ground, but it still made him vaguely uneasy.
MacFadden shook his head, and glanced up at the Reverend. “There’s every chance she’ll be fine, pal. Don’t fret.”
“Nobody’s ever done it to me before.” Sherlock said quietly, reaching out and skimming his hand gently down John’s side. “Stop worrying. I’ve got nothing to compare it to.”
The house itself was charming; it was beautifully proportioned and built out of large blocks of veined yellow sandstone. To one side a large gothic conservatory stretched out into the garden, no doubt a later addition. Before following Sherlock and Violet through the large double front doors, John glanced upwards and thought he caught a glimpse of movement behind the curtains on a third floor window.
Sherlock pressed the send button on his phone one last time, and set it down on the table with a sense of satisfaction. He leant back in his seat and studied John, no doubt taking in his quickened breathing and dilated pupils. He bit his lip and smiled, a little shyly. He reached out his hand across the table, and after a moment John slid his fingers slowly across his palm until they came to rest against the inside of Sherlock’s wrist.
Sherlock snorted. “It would take more than that. And frankly, after the Eulalie incident-“ he trailed off, shaking his head slowly.
He couldn’t imagine that the Patrick they had met a few months ago would have been anxious about showing up anywhere unexpectedly. He would have made some witty, charming little remark to excuse the lapse in manners and it would have all been smooth sailing in seconds. But the flicker of… well, whatever that was, when Violet hugged him? That was new.
quite a lot, Vi. When I meet them, it gives me a certain amount of background detail. I also need to see the room where Garcia was staying; I couldn’t find it.”
John blinked, and looked down at Sherlock’s feet which were encased in thick hiking socks and unlaced heavy boots. They were better protected from the elements than the rest of him, but he supposed that he must still be freezing due to poor circulation.
!” Hilary pleaded, reaching for him desperately. She grabbed his arm across the table. “I didn’t know it was there!”
He almost sagged with relief when he heard Violet’s breathless shout. “John! Patrick! Is anyone up here?”
“Mm. I’ll be sure tell her to sweep for bugs after you leave.” John said coolly. “Not that I think you put much faith in my convictions, but I reckon she’s rather good for him really.”
John lowered the shutters in the small stuffy compartment, before taking a long shower in the tiny cubicle. He managed to restrain personal injury to a whacked elbow and knee as he moved around the berth and got ready for bed. He tried both narrow bunks and decided that both were equally uncomfortable before wriggling under the sheets. He left one small light on, and fought the urge to slip into sleep; soothed by the movement of the train. It was surprisingly quiet; and he supposed that he must be one of the few passengers still awake.
“Well. Um. I certainly wouldn’t care, but I just hope that it was chipped already.” Sherlock said, clearly trying to suppress a grin.
And that ran both ways, he thought, as he slowly followed the curling staircase downwards. Violet may have worried about Sherlock facing the world alone. But John was helplessly glad that Sherlock had had her in his life, even though it had been all too briefly. Even if it had been so long ago. He couldn’t help but feel glad that somewhere in the past, Sherlock and Violet had gone crashing around the Aberdeenshire countryside together; practising archery in the drawing room and getting tipsy in rowing boats. He was glad of that flash of brightness in what had probably been a deeply solitary youth. And he felt, somehow, when he watched them together he got to see a little of what Sherlock had been like, once upon a time. Back when he had been so much less guarded, before he had suffered and ached; before he had been hardened by time and life and addiction.
. The top of the CD was printed with an incredibly lurid illustration of two young blonde ladies who were performing a complicated act that looked both unlikely and highly uncomfortable.
John knew for a fact that Sherlock himself was quite fond of Wagner, but it didn’t stop the detective curling his lip and nodding darkly in agreement with Violet.
“I couldn’t leave him there. I thought that... well, I wasn’t thinking too clearly. I suppose I thought that whoever had shot him would have written him off and be focussing elsewhere. Wrong conclusion, as it turned out. That was when I was shot, when I crawled out towards him.”
John nudged Patrick, who wore a small but genuine smile at the way Violet was elbowing him into a more comfortable position. “I’ve had enough of dancing for one evening.” he lied, ignoring the small soppy part of him that that had vaguely hoped for a kiss from Sherlock at midnight.
Menzies swallowed, and wiped a few crumbs from his moustache with a starched napkin. “Doctor Watson, good morning. I thought I’d better come and have a chat with you and your man first thing. We’ve examined the body in the caravan, and it is certainly Mr. Garcia. He’d been there for a few days, as you could no doubt tell. There’s going to be an autopsy today; but our fellows say it looks like he choked on his own tissues as a result of the acid going down his throat.” he said blandly. John winced. He doubted that Sherlock had given Violet that level of detail about Freddie’s death.
[Why the hell can’t I just delete it? It never really goes away. Not ever. None of it. I’ve deleted so many things. Dull things. Irrelevant things. So many momentous, unpleasant things. I spent a mere three hours in that house in Yerevan. A single evening. And it never goes away. Stupid. Stupid.
Sherlock slowly raised his left eyebrow in marked disapproval. John fought the urge to giggle. It took all of five seconds before Basil cracked.
Fortunately, when John quietly extracted himself from under the bed, George was still entranced by the pleats over his head. John edged away slowly, the rectangular plastic box hidden behind his back.
“’Course.” Murdy nodded brusquely, making her way ahead of them. “I’m not the one who’s likely to fall in, though.”
“Quite.” Mycroft said, his face hardening. “John, believe me when I say that whatever dregs of Harman’s empire remain, they will dealt with. Permanently.”
There was a nasty silence. Phyllis blushed crimson and stared into her cocoa. Her stockinged toes wriggled furiously. John cocked his head and studied Marmaduke, who had edged forward in his chair and was sitting bolt upright with his hands on his knees. He stared at John combatively, who felt the old battle instincts begin to crawl over his skin, his shoulders squaring as he faced the angry man.
“They are dead, aren’t they? Definitely?” Sherlock asked, after swallowing hard. He opened his eyes after a moment, and the pleading in their depths made John’s blood run cold.
Barnsmore Carpets was the nearest in relation to the train station, and the taxi pulled up outside after about fifteen minutes. During the short trip, John had watched the stately old buildings of the city centre give way to modern industrial buildings and grim tower blocks of flats. There were very few trees and there was a mean, oppressive feel to the bleak stretch of road they stopped on. John felt his hackles rise slightly as he spotted a group of teenage boys kicking over a collection of dustbins further down the street. An elderly couple walked past swiftly, arm in arm and with their eyes carefully downcast. It was obvious that they were eager not to attract attention.
They rounded another corner, finding themselves in yet another fetid alley, even narrower than the previous two. After a minute or two, John heard Sherlock make a quietly triumphant sound. “Here, John! The fence has been cut and mended badly. Give me some light and I’ll open it up again.” he passed his mobile to John, who directed the beam at a section of the fence which had been mended at some point with rusty wire. Sherlock began to unwrap the long strand, his deft fingers wrapped in his handkerchief. Within a few minutes, he had managed to unravel several feet of wire, and the fence sagged slightly.
After a couple of false starts, he managed to find purchase against the remains of the passenger seat and pushed hard with his left foot, eventually managing to pull his leg free from under Trenet and prodding the dead man’s remains to one side. This allowed him a better view of his right, down to his shin where the buckled passenger seat covered his foot and ankle. He could still move his toes without pain, but his ankle was trapped underneath two protruding bars of metal.
Sherlock grinned cheerfully. “It does give you a nice motive though, doesn’t it? I mean, Sandra was pregnant with the child of your fiancé. Your fiancé with the rich father and a title to inherit. Might have complicated matters for you, surely?”
Anthea’s eyes lingered on his back for a long moment.  “Very well. I’m going to contact the TA and organise a team to begin the search from the north and northwest. We can approach from the south and east, cutting through this pass initially; and then splitting into two groups. Captain Watson, Miss Vernet; I assume you will be joining us?”
John opened and shut his mouth a couple of times, reluctant to betray a confidence and unsure about where to start. Eventually he merely sighed and said: “Mycroft Holmes is a fucking idiot.”
Violet hastily dug in her backpack, pulling out the heavy topographical study. John ached to plunge ahead, to just get going; to just find Sherlock and bring him home. He knew that planning was essential, that it improved their chances of finding him. But the sense of wasted time grated on him. Images of Sherlock slowly freezing in a snowdrift kept flooding his mind. Sherlock bleeding, staining the white ground around him.
He nipped gently at the uppermost vertebrae, before flicking his tongue rapidly across the same spot; rewarded by the stifled moan that Sherlock tried to mask by burying his face deeper into the pillows. He breathed softly on the damp skin and felt Sherlock’s spine undulate slowly against him.
“You’re jolly lucky to have each other,” Phyllis said, staring down at the handkerchief she was twisting between her fingers. “It must have been dreadful for you when your marriage ended, of course. But I can tell that Mr. Holmes thinks the world of you. It’s the small things, isn’t it? Small kindnesses, like making sure someone has a clean handkerchief.”
“Celery, damson jam, bleach, shoelaces, four cartons of raspberry yoghurt and a redcurrant ice lolly.” Sherlock recited carelessly. “The yoghurt and the ice lolly would have meant that you would have had to step out of the shop while you were serving her, correct?”
John rested his forehead against the back of Sherlock’s warm neck and inhaled deeply; that same complex smell. The scent that was Sherlock, and life, and home.
“Then tell me exactly what you do know about this fiasco.” Mycroft said, his tone flat and cold. “You know very well that after you shot Sherlock, I only permitted you to remain in this country on the condition that you lived quietly and strictly within the bounds of the law. I only agreed to that, because he misguidedly pleaded on your behalf. That arrangement is at an end. Your only choice now is between detention in a nice, secure facility here in the United Kingdom where you will be afforded every comfort available. Or, as Anthea mentioned, a rather more
In short, it was life just as they liked it. There were chases through dark streets, and tedious stake outs followed by midnight take outs, and squabbling over who used the last of the tea bags.
“Oh, you think so?” Sherlock glared out of the window, his fingers worrying fitfully on the edge of his blanket. “Because I don’t. Go and talk to her, John. It’ll all seem
“You were finished asking him questions, right?”John asked briskly, clenching and unclenching his fists rapidly.
John hadn’t really thought about how he was going to fire the Walther for the first time; but he certainly hadn’t expected to use it as a signal for rescue from a dark corner of a snowbound valley. Standing a few feet from the doorway, he fired three times straight into the air. The sound was thunderous as it reverberated around the bowl of the mountains, echoing through the passes. Sherlock stood leaning against the doorframe, staring out into the desolate white wilderness, frustration clearly warring with fatigue.
“These bins contain a variety of empty bags and cardboard boxes.” Sherlock commented, blithely emptying out the contents onto the ground. “As well as a selection of broken crockery, damaged toys and torn clothing.”
Sherlock nodded. His eyes were closed, his cheekbones flushed and he seemed to be biting his lower lip in an attempt not to moan. John carded his fingers through his damp tangled curls, and kissed him slowly.
John followed the sweeping staircase higher than he had previously done, passing more huge pictures in gilded frames, tapestries, and at one memorable point a huge stuffed ostrich in a shadowy alcove on a half-landing. The house seemed very quiet up here, but brighter than the gloomy downstairs. The curtains on the upper landing had been pulled back and allowed wide shafts of sunlight to permeate the space. Dust motes drifted slowly through the beams of light. John felt an odd childish urge to tiptoe between the golden stripes of light that cut across the deep soft carpet.
He didn’t think Harry would have children, not at this stage. He hadn’t thought all that much about them himself, until… until it seemed like an inevitability. He had panicked at first, couldn’t possibly imagine himself as a parent. Rebelled at the idea of all the freedom he would lose, at the idea of sleepless nights and the tedium of parent teacher meetings. Having to stay home nights, instead of running around with Sherlock or just going out to dinner with Mary or going for pints with Lestrade and Mike. And yet… once he had gotten used to the idea… it hadn’t seemed so bad. He would adjust. And after a while it seemed positively marvellous, miraculous even. His heart had felt like a slowly unclenching fist when he thought about that daughter, the love he had for the idea of her, and the vision he had of his potential future.
Mycroft brushed past him, not bothering to respond. John couldn’t bring himself to care even a tiny bit, particularly when he turned and saw Mycroft sinking to one knee at Sherlock’s side. Sherlock struggled up on one elbow, leaning on the old straw filled sack as he looked into his brother’s face. They didn’t touch; didn’t even speak. But John could sense a world of unspoken communication between them, in Sherlock’s wide eyes and the line of Mycroft’s shoulders.
He stared at his pale, scruffy face in the mirror as he shaved; tendrils of steam wafting from the pool of hot water in the basin below. How could so much have changed in just a few days? He felt as if he should look older, somehow. He rinsed his razor and gave his hands and filthy nails a brief, aggressive scrub before changing into clean clothes and making his way downstairs.
, Sherlock Holmes.” he murmured, laying his cheek on Sherlock’s thigh; feeling him shiver at the sensation of John’s stubble against the sensitive flesh. He gently dragged his cheek along the tender skin of Sherlock’s inner thighs, leaving the skin there slightly pink. He decided to take pity on the gently trembling man, and moved a fraction closer; dipping his head until he could stroke the length of Sherlock’s cock with his questing tongue.
He was distantly aware of his own gloved hands pressed to his wet face. The harsh laboured sounds of his own wheezing breath. His heart was hammering; irregular.
His fingers pressed and teased John’s perineum gently, drawing languid patterns against the taut flesh there. John buried his face in Sherlock’s shoulder and moaned; his own hand sliding inexorably down Sherlock’s spine and along the cleft below. He pushed two fingers between Sherlock’s cheeks, straining to reach the tight opening there. Sherlock keened faintly and arched his back to allow John to rub against him in slow circles with just the very tips of his middle and index fingers.
And yet, the imagined problems never really presented themselves. On some level, John had thought that there would be some hideously awkward ‘coming out’ situation, where people would start looking at him differently. Perhaps not as bad as it had been for Harry, all those years ago… after all, the world had thankfully changed since then. But nonetheless, he had expected speculation, sniggering in corners at Scotland Yard and snide remarks.
He doubted Sherlock had seen anything more than a snow-covered landscape in the painting; art was not something that concerned him beyond the clues that it held. The idea of conveying any kind of emotion through the medium of paint always seemed to perplex him a little. But what Sherlock could read was the way that John reacted to it; could sense his anxiety, irrational as it was. He might not understand the motivation; but he was adept at recognising the effects.
“Never mind the scorch marks!” Sherlock snapped. “And it wasn’t a Philosopher’s Stone, don’t be absurd!”
“Oh, Petty, you don’t need to rush off! Stay for some breakfast at least-“ Violet protested, making her way over to the woman, who actually was more of a girl now that John looked more closely. She shook her head decisively, pulling a knitted hat down over her ears.
“Yeah, surely he should have been fluttering his wee eyelashes at you and asking for your autograph?” Rab agreed, with a nasty little grin at Sherlock; but the latter merely looked thoughtful.
Sherrinford watched her, amused and a little pleased at how comfortable she was using him as a piece of furniture. Eventually she took a deep breath and met his eyes.
John stuffed his bottle of water back into his backpack, and swung it onto his shoulders. He crushed the maps back into his pocket and surged ahead, his decision made.
John laughed a little, wrapped himself in one of the heavy blankets and came to join Sherlock on the sofa. Sherlock was wearing his warmest woollen dressing gown and his hair was standing up in wild tufts; in the firelight his skin looked warm and oddly golden. John gazed at him rather fondly until he chose to burrow his bare feet under the end of his blanket; pressing his cold toes into John’s warm thigh and causing him to recoil a bit.
Sherlock looked up at the shabby carpet warehouse, unconvinced. “I’m already quite sure that this isn’t the place, John. I can’t imagine that there’s much room to spare. Just look in the window, the place is packed floor to ceiling with rolls of carpet. If they had any extra room, the owners would use it.” he sighed. “Oh well, we can’t always get it right first time. The caravan dealership should only be a mile or so down the road.  We might as well start walking.”
“Yes, Inspector Menzies!” John said, exasperated. “It’s really him. Look, can you come round here or get the local police to come? It’s bloody cold, it smells disgusting and some local wankers tried to beat us up earlier. I really would like to get back to Edinburgh before midnight, if it’s all the same to you.”
“I suppose you think I was too hard on the wretched girl.” Sherlock said, turning to face him. Once Hilary had gone, the ghastly fake grin had (fortunately) disappeared instantly. He looked bored, but John thought he could see a hint of underlying uneasiness.
“Oh, for pity’s sake, Sherlock!” John pushed the door of 221B open with his elbow and dropped the parcel on the coffee table. “It’s right there! Have fun opening it. I’m going to go and take a shower.”
“So, there I was. Stuck in this garden, and night fell quickly enough. The shadows cast by the trees and broken statues were weird. I can’t describe the feeling of the place; I had loved it during the day but that night it was...different. All these shadows, strange twisted shapes in the darkness. Listening to potshots coming from what seemed like every direction. Bursts of gunfire, then nothing for what seemed like hours. I was covered in Patel’s blood, and I had his poor head in my lap. I thought that the rest of our blokes were in the trees and in the basin of an empty old fountain. I tried making a move to get over to them, but each time I nearly had my head taken off. So I stayed there, hoping that the Wahdat and the Taliban would take each other out.
“Well done, John. You got there in the end.” Sherlock sighed extravagantly. “Now take a look at the angle. What could he possibly be looking at, from that corner of the square?”
He was nearly blinded by the blaze of light, harsh beams cutting through the grim gloom of the valley as two vehicles rounded the nearest thicket of pines. The roar of the engines was almost deafening and he almost cringed back, only truly realising now how deathly quiet the valley had been throughout the night. Once his eyes adjusted to the harsh glare of headlights, he realised that they were snowmobiles, weaving over the uneven surfaces and gliding around half-buried boulders and trees. Belatedly, he let out a hoarse shout and waved frantically as they approached the snowbound bothy.
Given Murdy’s repeated declarations that she wasn’t planning on dancing at all, he watched her curiously. Unlike Rab, she moved with ease as her slight frame was spun higher and higher above the floor; her dark flicks of hair sweeping and curling around her head. The borrowed delicate lace dress twisted around her long skinny legs, incongruous against the heavy black boots she still wore. Her expression was oddly intent.
Menzies helped himself to another pastry from the plate on the table. “Still early days, really. The Strathclyde constabulary are in charge of forensics, they’ll let us know what they come up with soon. I was hoping that Mr. Holmes might have had an idea or two by now who was responsible for Miss Garner’s death, though. Any leads?” he asked hopefully.
“Anyone could, really. It’s been around for years,” Petty said gloomily, and glared at the twins. “Most of the town saw it when this pair decided to pull their “Antichrist in the manger” stunt last year.”
John took that to mean that he was going to be up all night doing research, or trailing a suspect. As it turned out, however, what Sherlock had in mind was considerably different.
She hadn’t seen Sherlock for two months after her marriage to Sherrinford. His family had departed the morning after the wedding, and they had had to say an awkward goodbye in front of his parents and brother. They were obviously not a family who went in for demonstrations of affection, and she had kissed Eugenia and Siger gingerly as they stood next to their car on the gravel driveway.
They reluctantly broke apart, Sherlock somehow managing to divest himself of the entirety of his clothes with all their inconvenient buttons far faster than John could shrug out of his tee shirt and jeans. The sight of his long pale body in the cold afternoon light made John’s fingers slow as he worked at his shoelaces; he stared at the white glow that outlined the familiar yet still somehow startling lines of him. Sherlock’s body was still a bit too thin, his ribs visible and scattered with scars and occasional small dark moles. His shoulders seemed even broader when he was undressed, his waist dipping sharply above his narrow hips. The darkness of his sparse body hair and the dusky pink of his nipples and half-erect cock only made the milkiness of his skin more apparent.
John left Sherlock with Katy and Phyllis on the tennis court, as soon as he was convinced Sherlock really did know what he was doing with a shotgun. He still couldn’t quite wipe the grin from his face, remembering Sherlock’s astonished expression that had quickly been replaced by a knowing nod. Of course, the detective claimed to have known
“Gosh.” Sherlock said, intrigued and innocently surprised. John didn’t look up from his notebook, but continued to scribble every word down industriously. (Since when did Sherlock use the word ‘gosh’?)
Violet drawled, in a not quite steady voice. John thought he saw her stealthily pass the tips of her left fingers under her eye before she reached out casually for her silver cigarette case from the arm of the sofa.
“Explains what?” John chuckled, rescuing the ice-bucket before she knocked it off the wrought iron platform and into the pond below.
It didn’t mean that things were plain sailing, but John had managed to stop worrying quite so much about Sherlock. For obvious and slightly heart breaking reasons, there were still limits in place and compromises that had to be made. But now that John knew more clearly where the lines were drawn, it was much easier to relax. He had stopped agonising over whether he was holding Sherlock too tightly; if his weight on Sherlock’s body was too much or if the gentle drag of his teeth over the pale skin would spook him.
“Goodness. What did they do?” Sherlock asked wide-eyed and sympathetic. He leant forward slightly, and Miss Argyle flushed a little at the increased proximity.
“I’ve had it a little while now.” Mackie said vaguely, taking a deep swig of his tea. “Maybe around a month? What’s all this about, anyhow?”
allowed to go in; the rozzers took what they thought was the only key from me. But it’s hardly my fault that I forgot that there was another one in the kitchen drawer,” she explained, handing the key to Sherlock. He smiled approvingly at her, and unlocked the door.
“Sherlock, mate.” John slowly approached him and touched his wrist. Sherlock still didn’t seem able to look at him. “Christ. It must have been a real shock seeing her then. When you weren’t expecting her to have been affected like that. But it’s not like her life was ruined, I mean did you
“Mmm, I don’t think so. We’ve talked about this before, but never got round to it.” Sherlock answered, his fingernails scratching slowly through the hair at the nape of John’s neck.
(But let’s face it, you don’t care if Violet slaps her around some more. You really, really don’t. She deserves it, and more. She put a bullet in Sherlock. She stopped his heart. She let you believe in a future and then she decided to tear it away from you. And she just did it again. She steals and she lies and she fucking
Christ, he really did need to start dating again if he found himself enjoying cuddling up to Sherlock in the mornings.
Curious eyes followed Sherlock and John down the ward, and one or two people downright stared when it became obvious whom they were visiting.
“John. Vi!” Sherlock’s voice came from behind them, and they both whipped around to catch sight of him standing just inside the doorway. He was upright, weaving slightly as an impassive Mycroft supported him with a firm hand under his elbow. Violet leapt to her feet, flinging her arms around his middle so tightly that he winced. He pressed his cheek to the top of her head briefly and met John’s gaze. There was a shadow of his usual bravado in the disdainful look he gave their surroundings. “I think I’m ready to go.”
“Yes. There was a car crash, around six months before Uncle Sherry died. He was in the car, but was reasonably unscathed due to being in the back seat. Violet was in the passenger seat, which took the worst of the impact. When the windscreen broke her face was cut. I only saw her once afterwards, and very briefly. When she was in the hospital. She was heavily bandaged, needless to say; but at the time there didn’t seem to be much concern about scarring.” Sherlock swallowed audibly, staring hard at his hands. They were knotted together, and his knuckles were white. He didn’t seem capable of looking at John, who was getting more and more worried at his reaction. “They seemed much more anxious about her left leg, which was very badly broken, along with her pelvis. I...didn’t see her again afterwards but I was led to believe that she had fully recovered. ”
“No. Modern, cheap. And identical. There are eight of them on the mantlepiece in her room, John. Eight! It makes no sense.”
“Not so fast, eh?” he tugged at his hips a little until Sherlock raised them from the pillows. He gently grasped Sherlock’s thick flushed cock and pushed it down so that he could reach it from where he lay, pointed down between the long pale thighs. Sherlock gasped when John ran his tongue along the side of his cock, tasting the salt of the pre come that was leaking steadily from the tip.
John winced slightly. He had been hoping that that particular question wasn’t going to come up quite so soon. “We’re just trying to help get to the bottom of what happened, Mr. Jameson. We’re going to be talking to several people who visited the shop before Christmas.”
Sherlock ignored this exchange entirely, to John’s relief. He gave Pruny a hard stare. “Are you missing one of your dolls, Miss Antonelli?”
John stared at Violet, who took another mouthful of brandy and fiddled with her cigarette lighter. Sherlock looked thoughtful, studying her intently. She grimaced and waved her arm at them dismissively. “Look, it’s not important. Honestly. So, I had a drink with him, we had a chat. He took the news perfectly politely, and after around half an hour he excused himself and said that he was going to take a walk before bed. He often does that, it was nothing out of the ordinary. I stayed up for a while; I was working on some Scots palaeography for the National Archives. I went to bed around midnight. I didn’t see any of the other students or Katy for the rest of that evening.”
. It’s fine. Oh god.” she wrinkled her nose at him, and that once-dear expression cut him to the bone. “Sorry, love.”
“Needless to say, I wasn’t going to drink it once I heard what had happened; no matter how badly I was in need of a stiff G&T. Speaking of which-”
Sherlock leant down and murmured: “It’s the Orcadian version of a dance called Strip the Willow. I hope you’re feeling energetic.”
John took a couple of deep breaths, forcing himself to recognise the truth in her words. “Yeah. Okay.” he swallowed hard, willing the nausea away. “And we’ve got Mary, too. Did she say anything to you?”
Sherlock read another. “’hey Sherlock can you help me figure out who stole my Auntie Bridget’s pacemaker?’ Well this individual uses the letter ‘u’ instead of bothering to spell the pronoun. I utterly refuse to help such an insufferable dolt. It’s the only way they’ll learn, John.” Given the faint thumping sounds coming from the desk it sounded as if this last message was being deleted with extreme prejudice.
“So Reverend Duncan had a box of the tonic water at some stage.” Sherlock observed, ignoring how Murdy was biting her lower lip, which had been trembling slightly. “Odd, don’t you think, that he didn’t mention this fact, when his wife had been poisoned by this brand?”
John’s right fist connected with Marmaduke’s cheekbone just as the bolts on the kitchen door flew off the wall. George spun and collided with the stove as Sherlock thundered into the room, his face rigid with fear.
Lestrade gave him an amused look. “Oh come on. I suppose even Mycroft might like someone to come home to. This Patrick bloke must be something special though, if the Chancellor of the Exchequer is told to get lost.”
“Amazing. Mind-blowing. Fantastic. I’ll write you a list of adjectives later on, when the rest of my brain cells have reassembled themselves.” John laughed, turning and pressing his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I learnt to drive in this car. It still smells the same.” Sherlock said quietly, and John wondered if he had meant to say this out loud. He dragged a corner of the blanket over Sherlock’s lap and nudged his knee gently. Sherlock took off one glove and ran his fingers wonderingly along the wooden panelling and leather of the door, taking deep breaths of the air which smelt of decades of stale tobacco and what John suspected was the whiff of elderly dog.
from the paper?” the first girl asked John, seeming slightly disappointed. He shook his head, bemused. “Bugger.” she muttered, deflating visibly.
Sherlock hummed in a rather non-committal fashion, frowning a little at the drinks shelf. “For now.” He brightened suddenly. “And it must be nearly lunchtime! Come along, John.”
Basil sat in his chair, giving the impression of a man who desperately wanted to seem casual. He leant back, with one ankle slung across the opposite knee. He directed a charming, if slightly shaky smile at John and Sherlock and grasped the arm of his chair tightly. John was bemused and more than a little perplexed at Basil’s desperate attempt to appear relaxed. His upper lip was lightly beaded with sweat, and his hairline was glistening slightly. The sun streamed through the open study curtains and made his genial face appear bleached and pale.
He cast the briefest of looks at Patrick, who did not meet his gaze. Abruptly, he turned on his heel and walked away, ducking slightly to avoid tangling his umbrella in the branches of a nearby ash tree. Within seconds he had disappeared, joining the straggling party-goers who were making their way down the path. Patrick covered his mouth briefly with his hand. He suddenly looked utterly exhausted.
“Yes, that was more than a bit awkward.” Violet said, wrinkling her nose and tucking her feet up under her. “You know, as much as I cannot stand Mycroft, he actually seemed to make Patrick happy when he wasn’t being an absentee boyfriend.”
“John, what do you need?” Violet asked briskly. “I’ve called Doctor MacFadden and an ambulance. What can we do in the meantime?”
“We will reconvene back here in three hours if we haven’t found anything.” Mycroft said, glancing at his watch. “Agreed?”
“Right.” Mary acknowledged. “Just, um. Making conversation, I suppose. Hope he treats you well though.”
MacAllan looked away so quickly, his reddening neck seemed in danger of snapping. John grinned up at Sherlock and gave him a loud and smacking kiss on the cheek before letting go of his coat. Sherlock rolled his eyes and wiped his cheek with the back of his glove before following John through the door.
. But,” he said, his eyes widening as if struck by a sudden thought. “But I’d certainly never try and poison him over it.”
It wasn’t until hours later that John realised that perhaps she had imagined they were the cries of an infant. In absolute horror he watched as she slipped sideways from the bough, her hands continuing to claw helplessly for the branch as she plummeted several feet into the dark waters of the river. He pitched forward instinctively, clutching at empty air; for one frantic split second imagining that he might be able to catch hold of her arm. She disappeared into the depths with a surprisingly soft splash, and he barely managed to keep hold of the branch with one arm; watching as she was pushed swiftly out into the current. She thrashed and gasped convulsively, fighting feebly to rise to the surface. It was clear that the strong current and the shock of the cold water were going to win, though.
Sherlock wordlessly held out his own left hand and showed a faint crescent scar along the side of his thumb that John had always assumed was from a chemical burn or an old knife wound. “It’s a reasonably distinctive pattern. The barbs inevitably leave their mark as they exit the wound and one rarely has the time or opportunity to have stitches immediately.”
“Castor oil wouldn’t mix satisfactorily with clotted cream.” Sherlock said, absently peering after Murdy into the ward. “The flavour would be immediately noticeable.”
“An anonymous tip-off.” Sherlock repeated flatly, when the officer had explained why they were visiting Hilderbogie.
“Don’t be absurd.” Sherlock said woodenly, refusing to meet John’s eyes. “That would be a complete waste of my time.”
Sitting across from him, Violet was clutching the strap above the door next to her and chatting animatedly to Sherlock. Sherlock was paying no attention to his surroundings, focussing only on Violet; or perhaps more specifically on her face. John was positive that Sherlock had not known of her scarring, although it was quite obvious that the injury to her face must have occurred several years previously. He was also surprised that Sherlock had made no comment so far about them, and was entirely prepared to kick him vigorously if he was tactless.
“Who else did you see being marched out of here, Greg?” Violet sighed, pouring him some more wine. “And she was given the opportunity to stay in the UK, to be locked up here. Mycroft was willing to offer her that, even after what she did to Sherlock.”
He glanced across at Anthea again. He knew that she was well armed underneath her heavy coat; that she had at least three knives and a revolver at her side. Violet had calmly taken possession of Mary’s gun, sliding it into the waistband of her tweed slacks with an oddly practiced movement. He had no idea about Mycroft, but the set look in his face made it all too clear that his patience was at an end. Griz had slung a couple of rifles into the back of the jeep, after assuring them that both she and Murdy were more than capable of handling one. This had made John nauseas with worry; he still felt utterly conflicted about bringing them, no matter the urgency.
“I want to know what it did to you.” Sherlock leans forward, his absent dreamy state now utterly evaporated. His fingers dart out and unexpectedly tap against John’s temple just for a moment. “In
“Your face…” Sherlock murmured, after a moment or two. He trailed off, then unexpectedly launched himself down to John’s end of the bath, causing great waves of water to slop over the sides and onto the tiled floor.
The photograph did not sit entirely perfectly in the gold plastic frame, the left side pressed a little closer to the glass than the right. The tall thin man who stood next to the woman was slightly off-centre; part of his arm cut off by the frame. The photograph was folded at one side, obscuring perhaps a quarter of the original print. With an effort, Sherlock made himself cut off every other resurfacing detail and concentrated with every fibre of his being on the grainy photograph.
“Yes, he said... that a friend had lent him a warehouse. To paint in. Somewhere in London. I don’t....I don’t really know where. I didn’t ask. I am so sorry.”
“Gosh, didn’t you know? I am sorry.” Violet furrowed her brow slightly and patted the whiskery little man on the arm. “Dear Sherlock isn’t here officially, not at all! He wouldn’t
Murdy wrenched her hand back and he was startled to see that there were angry tears pouring down her face. “How could she do that? Not just to my dad, but to poor Mrs. Duncan too?!”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake.” Mycroft said wearily. “Not another gormless swain of Violet’s. Well, I suppose it’s not entirely surprising, she would be your type. What you should understand about
“Of course not,” John murmured. “We couldn’t have that. But do you have any idea of who could have pushed the knife through the bench, Phyllis?”
“Oh, er – not quite yet, thanks.” John said, watching Hilary return to her drawing. Her slender white arm drifted across the pad with a slow and lovely movement.
This time, the silence stretched on for considerably longer. John became aware that they were garnering some attention from passers-by, standing as close as they were. Some small part of him was faintly surprised by just how little he cared; pressed up against a man in public.
The sweat was pouring down John’s face and his mouth seemed to be full of ashes. It was all somehow worse that he knew what was happening, he was a bloody doctor and a good one at that. He knew he wasn’t having a heart attack, that it was all in his head. But he couldn’t stop it, was now having even more trouble controlling his breathing.
“I’m sorry. It must be a horrible time for you.” he said quietly, and turned awkwardly for the door.
“I’m not the one who had a face like thunder every time he was in the room, back in Edinburgh.” Sherlock pointed out.
“Not now, you miserable baggage.” Sherlock said brusquely. He took a seat at the desk, opened one of the drawers and started rummaging around in the contents noisily. “Later, perhaps.”
John nodded, reluctantly stepping back as more people flooded onto the dancefloor. He slipped his arm back around Sherlock’s waist and squeezed him as they made their way towards the bar. Violet was standing next to the rough-hewn trestle table, sipping a tumbler of whisky and she waved and smiled as they approached. “Hello there, my fabulous monsters. You’ve been missing all the fun – I rather think that Patrick is about to cause some kind of riot.”
Sherlock moved forward silently and prised the pan from her reluctant fingers, before nodding at John to attend to the unconscious Marmaduke. He put an arm around Violet’s shoulders and led her, unresisting, over to the sofa under the window.
It struck John that Sunday mornings had somehow become surprisingly domestic, a ritual that both men respected and enjoyed sharing without ever having to talk about it. He had even observed Sherlock ignoring his phone once or twice on Sunday mornings. When John had gestured towards it Sherlock had made a vaguely complicated gesture incorporating a shrug, a curled lip and a dismissive wave of the hand before going back to his microscope. John supposed Sherlock’s gesture had been intended to suggest “sod it, it can wait” despite the fact that it had looked much more like “irritated duck”. He never bothered drawing attention to the abandoned phone again.
“Violet’s- her face, Sherlock. I saw you when you looked at her at the station. You weren’t expecting her face to look like it does. You didn’t mention it on the train.”
John scrubbed at his face in a mixture of exasperation and fondness. He could hear vague tutting and muted scolding coming from downstairs and the familiar clack of Mrs. Hudson’s heeled slippers on the tiled floor in the hall.
“Who, me?” John asked, as innocently as he could manage before inching below to suck greedily on one of Sherlock’s heavy balls for a few seconds. He released it from his mouth with a filthy, wet sound and smiled up at Sherlock, who was writhing weakly above him. The detective attempted to glare at him, with limited success.
“Undoubtedly.” Sherlock agreed, absently. “But nevertheless: the tonic water did come from here. The constable was nearly fatally poisoned by it, less than a week ago. He of all people in the village should be aware of the risk of criminal intent. I think it would be understandable if he was a bit wary of buying more goods from this establishment, don’t you?”
He was taking far too long to just wash the man’s hair, but he couldn’t bring himself to stop running his fingers through the sodden curls. He was surprised when Sherlock broke the silence, beginning to talk in a low, measured tone.
“Sherlock didn’t come to bed and I was a bit-“ he paused, not quite knowing how to continue. “Curious. About where he’d gotten to.” he finished weakly.
“This is hardly going to encourage me to spend more time in bed with you in the mornings, you do realise,” Sherlock muttered grumpily.
Miss Argyle nodded, leaning towards Sherlock minutely. John was still fighting the urge to glare at her and settled for raising an eyebrow. (She’s bloody well
[Can’t begin to take them on in this state. ‘Least three guns. Knife. Phone? Where is it? Not here. Damn. Shout? Or not shout? Can I shout? Can’t. Bad idea. Not good. Violet. Patrick. Shh… John. John. John.]
“But as long as well all know our kin here, we can trust that our secrets are safe. You have all been given a copy of our plans; you all ken well your parts. It is time to reclaim this city as our own, my brethren! Our enemies have become complacent this last three years. They think that our clan can be trifled with, that they can continue to beat us down. But this year, this night; we take back auld reekie for she is rightfully ours!”
But perhaps Sherlock had the right idea, John pondered. He suspected action, more than anything, would help her. Murdy didn’t seem like the type who would appreciate a good cry and a hug (Christ, I’d probably lose my arm if I tried it). She was already scrubbing her sleeve across her face and she gave one loud sniff before turning to face the Duncan’s house.
“Mrs. Gordon?” Mr. Antonelli echoed, looking a little surprised. “Er… not particularly, that I can recall. She comes in a few times a week usually. Regular customer. Nice woman, if a wee bit overly chatty when you’re trying to get things done. If you’ll let me have my ledger back I’ll be able to tell you what she was buying, if that makes a difference?”
“How do you do this to me, you ridiculous man?” he gasped, reaching into the shadows of Sherlocks coat and clumsily undoing the single button of his jacket.
“Oh god, Mycroft.” Violet said wearily, scrubbing a palm across her face and smudging her mascara slightly in the process. “Why can’t you just see things as they really are? As they were?”
He moved faster than John had ever seen him, his feet flying up the wide staircase. It seemed odd, wrong somehow – despite Mycroft’s thin hawkish frame, his movements were always slow and ponderous. The way he pounded up the stairs towards them spoke more of his panic than words ever could. He stopped dead in front of John and Violet, his eyes flickering over their bloodstained hands and clothes; their no doubt shell-shocked expressions.
Patrick Singh appeared from the snow, wrapped in a long overcoat and a deep red scarf. The tip of his nose and ears were pink from the cold, but apart from that he was as impeccable as ever. Even the snowflakes in his long hair and on his shoulders looked as if they had been placed there for effect.
“So. Approximately how long after Sandra’s death did you take these, Violet?” Sherlock asked after a moment.
John reached out slowly and found himself running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, to the right of his temple. This provoked no response, and he hadn’t expected one. Only determined efforts would rouse Sherlock at this point, and he had merely felt some odd need to touch the man. Perhaps to prove to himself that it was allowed. That Sherlock was, in some way, now
“Interesting.” Sherlock mused, and then caught John’s meaningful look. “Don’t worry, Mr Antonelli; I’m reasonably sure that theft of confectionery wouldn’t stand up in court as motivation for attempted murder.”
Murdy continued to stare steadily at Sherlock. She didn’t seem to mind the deduction; if anything she seemed calmer than she had done before he started talking. She ran her fingertips over the black button on the pocket, stroking it with her thumb.
“Alice?” the woman frowned, wiping her hands on her apron. “No, indeed! She’s not home yet, is she? Only Mrs. Rosie said she’d chair this afternoon’s meeting and she’ll be ever so put out if she doesn’t get to do it now. She’s been dying to show everyone her latest crochet patterns and her unique method of preserving-“
“No, that’s not necessary, we’ll drive ourselves.” Sherlock said, pushing his bowl away finally. “You don’t mind if we take the car, Vi?”
“I think he was.” Violet agreed. “This place was a bit of a haven for both of us. School was a bit rubbish for him, as you can imagine. He didn’t have to try to be anyone else up here.”
“Do you know, Miss Jessop, you have a particularly lovely accent. Really quite remarkable RP. Most people would never guess that you were a Glaswegian by birth.” Sherlock said kindly. “Not that there’s anything wrong with the Glaswegian accent, of course. Full of, er,
“Why should it matter to you? You only met her a couple of days ago.” Sherlock pointed out, staring across the white lawns and into the trees along the riverbank. He still seemed pale and a little grumpy; no doubt as a result of the wine he had drunk the night before.
“No, of course not. But, um. Look, I know you don’t see the point of talking about your past… experiences. And you absolutely don’t need to give me details. But, I’m just a bit concerned that it might all get a bit much, or I might do something that triggers a bad memory for you…” he trailed off, watching with dismay as Sherlock’s face turned stonily blank. “Look, Sherlock – you don’t need to tell me anything if you don’t want to. And I don’t mind if you feel like you need to be in control or in charge when we’re… in bed. I honestly don’t. But I hate the idea that you’ve got to keep an eye on things, that you’ve got to maintain control and not just... feel everything. To trust me enough to let yourself go completely-“
It shouldn’t really mean so much to him, hearing three words which had been cheapened and overused and uttered over and over by the whole world. Words used in advertising, in bad films and plays; words tossed around casually by mere acquaintances and cartoon characters and assassins. And yet hearing those words from Sherlock was like a door opening; was like finding new depths to a place he thought he already knew. Hearing Sherlock tell him he loved him was like being wrapped up tight, a new kind of safety and security he hadn’t known he’d been missing until now.
But as it turned out, he was. John stared at the man with interest, taking in his round ruddy face and slightly anxious expression. He peered curiously through the glass pane on the door and knocked hesitantly.
John decided not to ask and contented himself with moving back to Sherlock’s side. He slipped an arm around Sherlock’s waist and squeezed his side.
“Revolting worms!” a familiar voice cried, and Violet barrelled from a stone arch in the corner of the room, a delighted smile setting her freckled face alight.
As the stately old car rolled away and around the side of the great house, John turned to find Sherlock standing motionless on the gravel; his hands buried in his pockets and his expression remote. He stared up at the house, at the small square-paned windows and the huge blocks of granite that glittered in the light of the morning sun. The air was bitingly cold, and very still; the only sound coming from the wheeling crows overhead. Several settled in a nearby tree, causing a minor avalanche from the lower branches.
[I watched your face when you first saw him. I know you’ve been keeping that scarf in your pocket. The one he dropped in the hallway of Violet’s house in Edinburgh. Why could that be, other than sentiment? He loved you, for some reason. I daresay you never believed it, but he did.]
There was a rather deadly little pause, during which Basil flushed with embarrassment and John stared fixedly at the ceiling. Sherlock simply stared at Hilary, his face impassive.
“Before you had even given me a real one. You were simply being too provoking.” Sherlock informed him, casually taking hold of the lapel of Johns coat and backing him up against a shadowy stone wall.
Sherlock looked meaningfully at the handful of creased fabric in John’s hand, before meeting his gaze. “Say you’re the one that found it this morning. We’ll keep her out of it as much as we can. Thank God it’s the holidays – these two are so wet behind the ears they could keep
Sherlock shrugged. “It helps.” he said simply, evidently believing that further elaboration was unnecessary. “But anyway, I didn’t actually mean it this time. I only said that I was going to think because I thought it was an efficient way to get you out of this infernal kitchen and into our room. You never like it when I ask you to come to bed in front of other people; it makes your ears go all red and your face all grumpy.”
“Sherlock, love- I’m sorry, I know this must have been important but how is all this helping you right now?”
Little, inconsequential moments like this. They really shouldn’t still make such an impact, not really. He and Sherlock had been… whatever they were… for months now. He had initially worried that it would be difficult, being part of a couple. Being
“Yes, he is. Definitely.” he agreed, a little too hastily. “It’s over a month since we saw him, and even then it was just for a minute or two when he was arranging our bail.”
“I rather think that this is a useful meeting ground for...um...amorous teenagers, John.” Sherlock whispered, with a hint of laughter in his voice. “Useful shadows, nice and quiet... You could get away with just about
“There’s quite a few likely ones here, really.” John sighed. “There’s obviously been quite a few women wearing wellies that’ve walked through here in the last few hours. Hang on, though…” he paused. “These ones look reasonably fresh, though – they haven’t frozen sharp around the edges yet. Look, these ones. See?”
Mycroft took a seat a little further along, between Hilary and Phyllis. Interestingly, this placed him directly opposite Patrick Singh, who took his time finishing his champagne before coming to the table.
“See? Talking is good, sometimes. Told you.” John said, a little breathlessly. He slipped his arm further around Sherlock’s waist, stroking the warm bare expanse of his back below his crumpled shirt.
“And also, murder is a bit not good.” John added meaningfully, watching with relief as her hand slowly drew away from the side of Duncan’s head. She dropped the knife with a clatter on the floor and rested her forearms on her knees. “Of course, if he tried to abscond, I might have to shoot him a bit. For the safety of the general public, you see.”
Sherlock hummed in agreement, trailing a fingertip idly across the steaming surface of the water, watching the ripples spread.
“Hah! Mycroft hates Scotland. He never comes here if he can possibly avoid it. The only time he’s been here in the last five years was to arrange the outcome of the independence referendum. Stop panicking, John! He didn’t come here with the express purpose of asking you what your
The last exclamation came as he stepped down onto the dimly lit platform, his breath billowing opulently in front of his face. Instinctively he let go of the handle of his case and wrapped his arms around his torso; his teeth beginning to chatter within seconds.
Murdy pushed her heavy fringe out of her eyes and regarded him beadily. Patrick stared out of the window, watching Mr. Brodie’s broad shouldered figure make its way across the white lawns towards the stable block.
[Because it never made sense, did it? I’ll never be able to give him enough. I’ll never be able to give him what he needs and deserves. Only a matter of time before he realises that. Might all be academic at this point, really. I’ll probably be dead soon.]
“You certainly will be back in London soon. Sherlock will be, anyway.” Mycroft said brusquely. “There’s a jet waiting at Turnhouse. Of course, John, you are free to stay and mmm…
“Karl was involved in a lot of things, things I wasn’t aware of til much later on. One morning he showed up at breakfast, with a bad cut on his cheek and blood all over his coat. His hands were shaking and he went straight for the brandy on the sideboard. It was several hours later that I realised that the blood on his coat could not possibly have come from the wound on his face. It belonged to somebody else. It was a lot of blood. Philip and Hedda barely reacted to it at all.
“So you’ll back off, as long as John keeps an eye on Sherlock?!” Violet exclaimed, staring at Mycroft as if she had never seen him before.
John’s own erection had waned as he had spent so long concentrating on Sherlock. But as he gently slipped the tip of his index finger inside the tight hole he felt the blood rushing forcefully back to his groin, so fast that he felt almost dizzy. The sight of his finger slipping gently inside Sherlock was filthy, erotic, beautiful and he moaned silently at how tightly the muscle clenched around him.
“I’m intending to.” Sherlock said haughtily, casting a quick glance at their dinner companions to ensure that nobody was listening. Katy and Phyllis were deep in conversation across the table, evidently having abandoned all hope of chatting with them. To Phyllis’s left, Inspector Menzies was visibly sweating as Mycroft asked him about the finer points of his forensic analysis of the studio.
“Correct, Reverend?” Sherlock asked, conversationally. The minister didn’t reply or open his eyes, his bruised hand cradled closely against his chest. “Oh, well. There will be lots of time to chat with the Aberdeen constabulary later, don’t worry. Speaking of which, let me just give them a ring…”
“My grandmother insisted that I move most of my equipment out into one of the outhouses, after the incident with the copper sulphate.” Sherlock murmured, without being asked. He was studying the wax seal intently under his magnifying glass. “Come here and have a look at this.”
“The culprit must have nipped back and retrieved it or deleted it somehow.” Violet suggested, taking a seat next to Erskine and crossed her legs slowly. One of her buttoned, high-heeled red boots came to rest casually a mere inch from his calf. The pale young man was trying his best to stop staring, but failing miserably. “One less piece of evidence. Sensible thing to do, really, if you had the chance. Hypothetically speaking, of course.”
“My bedroom is larger, and quieter than yours.” Sherlock said calmly. “I don’t think I have much spare room in my wardrobe, but I suppose we could see about buying a larger one.”
And admittedly, Sherlock might roll his eyes and scoff at the sentimentality. But John still needed him to know it, no matter how many times he told him. Hearing those words in Sherlock’s voice earlier… he had been so tired and overwhelmed, John hadn’t been able to do anything except pull him into his arms. He had murmured “I know. I love you too. I
“She only does it to wind you up, you do know that right?” John sighed, nudging Sherlock after the door swung shut behind them. He glanced up at Sherlock’s mutinous face and suppressed a grin.
John placed his mug on the floor and clasped his hands loosely on his knees, leaning towards George in a (hopefully) relaxed fashion. He was aware of Patrick’s curious gaze on the side of his face.
It had been a reasonably straightforward matter of waiting until Trenet’s men had led, pushed and shoved their delivery of humans onto the quay. Sherlock had had ample time to text a contact at Interpol (all too evident that the local gendarmerie and coastguard would turn a blind eye) and position himself in the shadow of a forklift truck. It was the work of less than a minute to incapacitate the baton-holder with a length of chain and to knock one of the other men into the water after a well-timed kidney jab and a strategic punch in the throat. Several of the more enterprising captives made a run for it at this point, as Sherlock faced down the last man. The plan had been to relieve the man now frantically thrashing in the water of his gun, but a slight miscalculation [sloppy!] had led to Sherlock’s hands now being unfortunately empty. Sherlock had always been much happier in straightforward hand-to-hand combat; guns always just felt lumpen, inelegant,
[Could kill her, I suppose. It’s supposed to get easier, each time one does it. Mycroft would probably arrange it, if I could bring myself to ask nicely. Risky though. Could end up tied into taking the parental unit to the greatest horrors of the West End every month until doomsday. Still no guarantee that John would stay. Don’t think he’d like it.]
“Giving a man a black eye and a minor fracture to the nose when he insults a woman will do that.” Sherlock said knowledgeably.
“Oh. Good.” John said, relaxing a little and returning to his ablutions. “Did you make up a good reason?”
“You knew, didn’t you?” John murmured, making sure that Marmaduke was still out of earshot. “You knew that she was pregnant. She told you, when she started asking you for money.”
“These are an odd mixture; there’s a few by everyone in here.” she muttered, deftly flipping through them. “Mostly the ones nobody was happy with. Christ, look at this one! George seems to have thought painting a still life entirely in puce and viridian was a jolly good idea, the twit.” she stood back to let John and Sherlock see the offending work. “Quite vile. Oh, and this one: poor Basil. He’s got some kind of mental block when it comes to painting knees; he’s made Sandra look like some kind of pony hybrid here. Now, where’s mine? Um... oh. Yes, here it is.” She had reached the back of the pile and hefted a large canvas one-handed with surprising ease.
Automatically, John went in search of ice in the huge ancient freezer in the pantry. He found two bags of frozen peas after a few seconds rummaging, and half-ran back into the kitchen in case George had come round. He needn’t have worried; Marmaduke looked more peaceful than John had ever seen him.
“Probably picking up some stuff for Mrs. Duncan’s mince pies. She always makes them for after the church service on Christmas eve.” Murdy supplied, returning her attention to the list. “They’re
“Sherlock, do run along. I will speak to you later.” Mycroft said quietly, turning and reaching out for the plates and cutlery on the table. Patrick automatically went to help him, picking up crumpled linen napkins and the salt cellar.
With a poor grace, Narek started walking again; glancing moodily down the staircase before beginning his descent into the great hall below. Sherlock exhaled heavily, feeling weak with relief; the thump must have been Patrick hitting the floor after being knocked out. The blade that Narek was still carrying had caught the light from a nearby window, sharp and blessedly clean. He craned his head as they passed the doorway, catching sight of Patrick stirring slowly on the carpet, surrounded by the remains of a broken lamp. Sherlock couldn’t see his face from this angle, but spied Patrick’s feet sliding along the floor, his body turning as he began to struggle to his feet.
The room was deafeningly silent after John left it. It pressed against his eardrums, just a little too firmly for comfort. But he was used to that. It was just going to go on for a lot longer than he had become accustomed to. Of course, John would come back presently; he’d be blushing and defensive and probably wouldn’t look Sherlock in the eye when he told him that he couldn’t, in all conscience, come back to London with him.
“Which I should hope involved extensive and detailed information about every kind of contraception.” Sherlock remarked, appearing at her side with an empty plate and a hopeful expression.
“Far fewer than that.” Sherlock sighed despairingly. “If we can narrow the list down to the number of customers who visited the shop since the contaminated tonic was delivered on the 20th of December, that leaves us with a much smaller pool of suspects.”
“The post office is right next to the hall where the WI meet, isn’t it?” John pointed out. “We passed it yesterday.”
Violet was already in the kitchen, which smelt deliciously of coffee and baking bread. She was curled up on the sofa with Benjy, reading her post and drinking from a gilded French bowl. She was wrapped in a voluminous deep blue silk brocade kimono, and her hair was messily plaited down her back.
Sherlock exhaled slowly, and prepared to descend from the cab of the crane. [He would have been holding John back by now, insisting that they wait until the opportune moment.]
There was a complete lack of response, although John thought that he heard a hastily muffled giggle coming from behind a nearby dry stone wall. “Er…Sherlock, I really don’t think that’s a good-“
“What? How?” John asked, perplexed. He picked up his notes again. “I mainly heard a lot of evasion and pseudo-poetic wank!”
“I’ve tried. I mean, heaven knows I am aware of the fact that he only has so much time to spare. I don’t expect him to have dinner with my family or to propose to me. But he just looked at me and told me that he expected I would meet someone else who could
“Well, come and have some tea then. No point in freezing our arses off out here, eh?” Mr. Mackie said jovially, leaning his broom against a tall grave marker and leading the way over to a small outbuilding attached to the church. Inside was a ramshackle collection of gardening equipment and tools, as well as a pot-bellied stove and a couple of rickety stools. John gratefully took a seat on an old wooden tea-chest and watched as Mr. Mackie threw a couple of shovelfuls of coal through the door of the stove and left it ajar to let the room warm more quickly. Sherlock took a seat next to him on a low stool, leaning his elbows on his knees as he leant towards the groundskeeper with interest.
“It was a fucking mess, really. It wasn’t just the Taliban, it was the local anti-Taliban alliance as well, who incidentally hated us too. The Taliban guys had been planning a straightforward ambush on us, and were surprised by the Hezbe Wahdat, who had also been planning something similar. We ended up stuck in that garden for hours. Briggs was killed instantly, of course. Patel, he got shot in the thigh soon afterwards and I sheltered with him in the shadow of a massive fallen statue. Trying to stop the bleeding, but they got him in the femoral artery; he bled out before long. Nothing I could do. He was a nice bloke, Patel; we used to play poker in the evenings. He had four older brothers and all of them were dentists. He had wanted to do something different, so he joined up. Poor bugger.
“What the hell is that?” Violet asked curiously, as Anthea pulled out a bulky device that appeared to be somewhere between a small telescope and a digital camera.
It seemed more and more unlikely that Patrick had come in here after all, and John was about to turn and make his way out of the eerie place when he heard a brief susurration in the long grass further down the slope. It was swiftly followed by a heavy smacking noise; like stone falling upon stone. He froze, widening his eyes and hoping that they would acclimatise to the darkness quickly. Already shapes were taking on a little more definition, and he could make out the shapes of more broken grave markers and empty doorways to mausoleums. He began to edge his way further into the dark recesses of the cemetery, trying to remain hidden behind the listing stones and decrepit walls of tombs. He knew that it was much more likely for him to be spotted, coming as he was from the marginally better-lit end.
“Charming.” John said, with a sigh. “I know I usually give you a hard time for assuming the police are idiots. You really do seem to have a point in this case, though.”
John laughed. He didn’t seem capable of not touching Sherlock. He wasn’t sure that he was going to be able to stop running his hands over the pale smooth skin. “I can’t promise I’m going to be brilliant at it straight away. You’ll have to let me know what you like, when the time comes. But
“Those are the first biscuits you’ve offered me in twenty years, Violet. I confess I am rather disappointed.” Mycroft said drily, taking two. He cast a sidelong glance at John, who wiped at his eyes with his sleeve. “I suppose they’ll have to do.”
He left Griz at the kitchen gardens, and watched her make her way along the drive towards the stables. She didn’t say anything more to him, merely jerking her head at him in a gruff farewell before leading the horse briskly along the disturbed snow of the wide driveway.  He watched them go, taking a deep breath and rallying his thoughts.
It wasn’t clear whether or not Patrick was taking in her words, but he was gazing at her through clouded eyes; taking in her every move. She leant forward and kissed his forehead, sweeping his tangled hair out of the way and smoothing it through his fingers. Violet’s eyes swam briefly with unshed tears as she touched him, before turning resolutely towards John.
“My great grandparents bought the place along with most of the furnishings. They’re certainly not any of
There was another long silence. Sherlock took a bite of the apple that he had just remembered was still in his hand, crunching it loudly.
The detective blinked and shook his head slightly, running his palm around the back of John’s neck. “That doesn’t matter. Let’s just make sure that it’s not the last.”
Anthea didn’t look entirely convinced by this plan, but turned back towards the car at once. “One moment, please.”
Mycroft’s face hardened, and all at once it struck John what the scene must look like to him. He, Sherlock, Patrick and Violet stood in a tight little group under the spreading branches of the yew tree; Sherlock was standing close to John in his customary fashion. Not consciously touching, but so close that there was probably less than a couple of inches between their arms and the lapel of Sherlock’s coat was brushing John’s side. Mycroft had undoubtedly seen Patrick kissing Violet affectionately; and the way her hand had reached out to cover Patrick’s where it rested on her arm spoke volumes about the feeling between them. It wasn’t possessive, or even romantic. But there was support, and closeness there. Between all of them. Not being a part of that; not being welcomed in – surely that would make even an ice-man ache a little. He probably was here with the intention of checking up on Sherlock. But at the same time he had clearly travelled a long way to see his brother.
“Around what time was this?” John asked quickly. He didn’t think he could trust Sherlock to continue questioning the unfortunate Miss Lee much longer. Sherlock was already gnawing on the knuckle of his right hand in a visible attempt to control his patience.
Violet joined them in the kitchen twenty minutes later, just in time to grab the last of the foie gras sandwiches from under Sherlock’s fingers. She ignored his sound of outrage and leaned against the ancient stone mantelpiece, nibbling the crusts pensively.
Violet nudged his hip with the toe of her dusty bare foot. “Nor would I bloody tell you, you clot. But I think that this is a particular area where you should tread rather carefully. And if you break his heart I will hunt you down, understood?”
Sherlock interrupted the snide remarks in John’s head by groaning sleepily and tightening his arm around John’s waist. John squeezed back without thinking and then grimaced slightly at himself. He still didn’t want to let go.
“How about this, then.” John said in a low voice. “I know that you love me. It took me long enough to realise it; but I know that, in my bones.”
Violet seemed to be about to make a cross remark about the damage to her plant, but suddenly looked stricken when she caught sight of Sherlock’s face. His expression was carefully blank, but Violet obviously knew him well enough to see past it.
John stares at him for a long moment. Once upon a time, he’d have reprimanded his flatmate for saying such a thing. The words ‘creepy’ or ‘inappropriate’ would have been used more than once. But they’ve shared these rooms for three years now. John has killed for Sherlock; he’s bandaged his limbs and sat with him through danger nights. He’d never admit it but he’s more flattered than unsettled right now. He doubts there are a large number of brains Sherlock would like to explore in more than a cursory fashion.
Menzies gaped at him, his face scarlet. John placed his bare foot over Sherlock’s, and gave him a warning look. Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed.
John began his token protests but still found himself getting to his feet. At that moment however, there was a brief tap at the door and he spotted Hilary Jessop framed in the doorway, smiling hesitantly at him.
“Well, I think in the festive season we all enjoy a little treat now and then…” Sherlock smiled conspiratorially.
of it. Would you, sweetie?” she looked meaningfully at Sherlock, who seemed to choke slightly at being called ‘sweetie’.
Yes, there were several million Armenians in the world. But the presence of Trenet made it clear that a grudge was involved. Sherlock had certainly irked a great many people in his life; but not many of them were Armenian. He was unwilling to entertain the idea that this was a mere coincidence, however tempting it might be.
“I will see you at Baker Street, then. Soon.” Mycroft said, with a hint of warning. Sherlock merely rolled his eyes and dismissed him with a wave of his hand.
Violet’s hand connected with his cheek smartly, the force of the slap making his head spin and his feverish thoughts scatter. He stared at her, taking in her furious face and the way she was massaging the blood back into her hand.
Sherlock scrubbed his hands across his face, pressing the heels of his palms into his eye sockets until he saw stars.
“Of course!” John flushed slightly. “’Course. Sorry. I’d suggest talking about football, but I bloody hate it.”
Very willing indeed, until Sherlock had tentatively pushed a little deeper and John instinctively resisted; his body rebelling against the intrusion.
John kissed my mouth six hours forty three minutes ago and now these disgusting fingers touching it sick feel so- ]
clever. Any idea where the pot might be?” he smiled down at her genially. Murdy pursed her lips slightly, scanning the room. Sherlock pointed wordlessly to the tall Welsh dresser next to the window, and she swiftly located a cafetiére from behind a sheaf of unopened letters. For a moment it looked as if Murdy was going to hand it to the minister, before she gently prised the coffee tin from his fingers. He looked relieved, and took a seat at the table while she busied herself making the coffee.
“No time.” Bleach-blonde hissed, waving him on with the barrel of his gun. “You can have some fun with this one later. Get going!”
"Oh. Well, I suppose they’re another few to add to the collection.” John said, reaching out to squeeze Sherlock’s shoulder. “Weird really, to see him laugh like that. He seems so different to how he was in Edinburgh. Sort of… less guarded. A bit tired. He doesn’t look like he’s been eating much.”
Unbidden he tells Sherlock of the night terrors, his refusal to look at the festering mess when the nurses change the bandages. The delirium, the monsters, the dust that gathered in the corners of the field hospital. The smell of lime jelly in foil covered cups mingling with the scent of rot from his own body. The self loathing that accompanied the weakness of his body. The eventual crushing knowledge that his life was saved but now heading in a direction he never wanted or foresaw. His flayed nerves and hopelessness upon his arrival in London. The tedium of grief and the utter shame for feeling it.
“Sure you could find an hour or two, once in a while?” Patrick suggested, his voice low and intimate. “I’m quite sure that I could ensure your time wasn’t altogether wasted.”
“Of course the students. Rotten bunch and a bad influence on a girl like her. She was impressed with them, the fancy bunch of twats. And she wanted to be like them, tried her best. And now she’s dead for it.” Margaret stared at John and took a step closer to him. Her grey eyes were stony and unfriendly. “So you and your detective pal had best do something about it.”
Patrick looked down at George, shaking his head regretfully. “I hope he hasn’t managed to cause too much havoc. He can be something of an agent provocateur, particularly when he gets like this.”
He knew that the logical thing to do would have been to stay nearby, to shelter in whatever remained of the burnt-out vehicle. To scavenge whatever supplies he could from the wreckage. He’d stolen shoes off a corpse more than once in his time. All three of his captors had worn decent winter jackets, but he supposed both footwear and clothing were most likely incinerated by now, along with their owners.
“Well, I suppose there’s no point in keeping it from you. Freddie Garcia is dead. He did not plant the knife in the study, as he was occupied with being deceased at the time. Must be off.” Sherlock said briskly, and lead the way out of the conservatory, choosing to ignore the uproar that he left in his wake.
“Shut up, John.” Sherlock said, a little hoarsely. “Just... shut up. You’ve always been too good for me, I’ve known that for ages. I just need to think for a while, alright?”
Christ. What was the point in all this? Sherlock may well have been impressionable. But Violet wouldn’t have forced him into trying anything. Sherlock had been quite clear that he held only himself accountable for his self-destructive binges. It certainly seemed that it had never occurred to the detective that he should blame anyone other than himself for his addiction. So where the hell did Mycroft get off, pinning the blame on Violet?
“This!” Sherlock tapped the bottom left of the canvas. “There’s obviously something underneath it. It’s not lying flat on the floor; there’s at least a millimetre’s gap here. Honestly!”
Violet evidently decided to take pity on him and sighed melodramatically. “Oh, calm down you histrionic numpty. I kissed John. On the mouth. Very briefly, and as a thank you. Oh, and he kissed my hand too, which was very sweet.” She looked steadily into Sherlock’s narrowed eyes, unapologetic. “I was categorically
It was nearly completely dark by the time Sherlock had retraced his path to the burnt-out vehicle, gritting his teeth against the frigid cold. He was rapidly losing feeling in his hands and his feet felt strangely wooden, ankles stiff and aching as they plunged through the snow. Finding his way back to the wreckage at the base of the slope was easy; a spire of dark smoke was still drifting upwards although the flames were long gone. It was a struggle to force himself to return to the spot, and Sherlock had to stop and rest several times; chafing his skin and readjusting the hideously scratchy pine boughs he had stuffed under his meagre clothing. The snow had stopped for a while, but the leaden skies promised more on the way. His head throbbed and ached, and nausea billowed through his stomach so persistently that he doubled over and retched several times; his eyes streaming. It was so tempting just to sit down; to retreat into his mind and escape the icy darkening valley.
“Nobody could tell me anything! I’ve been damn well holed up here since last night. I arrived just in time to see your ex-wife being bundled into the back of an army truck in bloody shackles. The special ops buggers who took her away said they weren’t at liberty to say where she was going!”
A flash of irritation crossed Sherlock’s face. “The rabbits, Miss Boorman. Why don’t you tell everyone about the
“The nuns told me that since my mother had died, I was working to atone for her sins as well as my own. That I was lucky that they would extend their charity to me. Fucking charity. I slept on a camp-bed with a single sheet, at the end of the girls dormitory. I wasn’t even allowed a bed. I listened to the sound of girls weeping every night for the duration of my childhood. I ate scraps. I wore clothes that belonged to the girls that died; I had to safety pin the sleeves and hems so that they wouldn’t drag on the floor. On average, I was hit in the face twice a week. I was thoroughly beaten seven times during my time there.
“Apologies, Violet.” Sherlock said breezily. “I was rather hoping to speak with Miss Jessop; but it can wait until you’re finished.”
They worked methodically, with the assurance of long habit. After twenty minutes, they had found evidence of Sandra’s minor drug habit (cocaine residue on the back of a Glee soundtrack CD case and a slightly shredded packet of cigarette papers), estrangement from the aunts who had raised her (torn up birthday card), a substantial bank overdraft and three unpaid mobile phone bills. One of the cuffs on a pink hooded sweatshirt showed a few traces of blood, presumably from the cut on Sandra’s hand.
The land rover was moving surprisingly slowly for a getaway vehicle. The silence between the three men seemed a little oppressive; a faint clicking noise. [ashtray. Nervous habit. Opened and shut four times. Wait for it….]
“Village life, Miss Antonelli.” Sherlock sighed, looking around with disapproval and interest. “Isn’t it
Because he loves his brother above all else. Because he still aches and coldly rages over the way Sherlock suffered. Because he’s ashamed of it.
The letter was on thick cream vellum. John turned it over in his fingers, yawning, then smiled as he read the address which was scrawled in vehement purple copperplate. He shuffled back up the chilly stairs and flicked the switch on the kettle before heading back to bed.
She smiled at him tiredly. “Don’t worry. I should have known better than to have snuck up to you. Sherlock fell asleep and I didn’t want to make a racket. What are you doing, slinking around the bromeliads at this hour?”
Violet laughed at him in a fond, unfamiliar sort of way that thrilled him slightly. She told him about walking the banks of the Seine in winter at five in the morning; about finding a lost Vivaldi manuscript among some tax records at the Archives Nationale there. At one point she drew a clever little sketch of his face on a sheet of foolscap, and told him that he looked like something Egon Schiele and Mervyn Peake dreamt up together after a night drinking too much absinthe (he didn’t know whether to be excited or offended by this, and settled for a little of each).
After the wedding photographs ended, there was a scattering of pictures of a family day at the beach. Violet and Sherry presenting flowers and some kind of trophy at the local school, surrounded by cheering children. A distant shot of Violet rowing alone on the river, her hair blazing copper in late afternoon sunlight. And then:
to Violet!” Sherlock hissed. “She has had a murder in her house, and she is relying on me to sort it out. The last thing she needs is for you to-“
There’s a movement in the air. The creak of furniture and floorboards and the sudden sense of filled space nearby. Suddenly there are hands on John’s shoulders, large and warm and steady.
[He loved you and you didn’t believe it could be true. That’s it, isn’t it? Perhaps it’s us, believing that nobody could feel that way about us.]
John no longer felt self-conscious about being naked in front of Sherlock, but some small part of him never quite understood the way that Sherlock reacted to him revealing his bare skin. He wasn’t in bad shape, but the way that Sherlock devoured the sight of his slightly softened muscles, the ghosts of his uneven tan-lines and the dark mess of his scarred shoulder… surely that didn’t make sense. He half-smiled and kicked off his shoes, shaking the errant thought away as best he could.
“Don’t be fucking ridiculous,” Violet said sharply. “I just mean that we’ve got to have a system. If you just wander out into the dark you’ll end up going in circles or getting lost yourself.”
Sherlock moved at once, sliding along the wall and towards the illuminated doorway with John on his heels. They came to a halt a couple of feet away from the door, peering out of the shadows into the brightly lit room.
“Mm. Not just yet. We’ll stay for dinner, and I have no doubt that my wretched brother will impose himself on us before long. I’ll try and negotiate with him about the information he holds about Violet. I’ll promise to do ten dull government cases or something like that.”
“I understand that Murdy was offered a scholarship to a boarding school in Edinburgh a while ago, but you felt that she was too young to go.”
“Mm. I suppose I was.” John said, closing his eyes and sinking a little further into the water. He took another grateful swig of the hot toddy and sighed. “I suppose I don’t really ever quite get used to the really nasty ones, you know. It makes me start thinking about the... the
“Don’t know until we see them. The toxicology might turn something interesting up. Sherlock always likes to take a look if they’re available.” John helped himself to a croissant before Menzies managed to get to them all, and poured himself some coffee.
John didn’t bother asking if Mycroft needed the map. He knew that a mere glance would have been sufficient for the information to be indelibly lodged in his mind. He nodded in agreement, tucking the sheets into his pocket.
John, who had merely pulled his discarded pajama bottoms back on and added a thick sweater and socks, privately thought that it was deeply unfair that Patrick’s version of untidy looked like
“Doctor Watson!” Basil Montague called in welcome, looking up from his book at the far end of the room. He and Hilary were curled up on one of the sofas near the huge cast iron fireplace. Hilary stretched sinuously, appearing to be waking up from a nap. She smiled at him sweetly and waved.
Mr. Travers was badly dehydrated and had three broken fingers, but was still able to move quickly towards his family when they arrived at the scene in a panda car. John had watched the man, enveloped in his wife’s arms, and then wrapped in those of his two sons. The younger boy was only six or so, and too short to reach his fathers arms where they were around Mrs. Travers. So he had wrapped his father’s legs in a vice-like grip and just held on until his father picked him up.
John went silent and Sherlock shuffled a fraction closer to the fire. It seemed rather ridiculous to be dwelling so much on matters of sentiment when he was marooned in a freezing, tumbledown hut in the middle of nowhere; with a rather high chance of never being found by a search team that he could only hope was on the way. He had water (but no tea, which was becoming increasingly intolerable). No food, limited amounts of firewood. A freezing posterior. He supposed he might as well do something with his time. The mind palace at least contained his memories of warmth.
John was about to go and touch his shoulder, to murmur some vague words to him; when Mycroft appeared at the front door. He had been outside talking to one of the pilots and his shoulders were flecked with snow. One of his hands was worrying something in his jacket pocket. His face tightened as he watched the medics carrying Patrick down the last few steps of the great staircase; but his expression flickered as Patrick’s limp hand suddenly lifted a few inches off the edge of the blanket that swathed him. John watched numbly as Patrick opened his eyes, blinking slowly. Mycroft darted forwards, his hand seeming to move of its own volition as it came to rest on Patrick’s chest.
Violet cleared her throat noisily and moved into the chair next to John, elbowing him accidentally as she pulled the ledger towards herself. “Right. Let’s get to it, then. Who was the first victim to buy the tonic water?”
“I say, steady on, Doctor Watson!” she grinned. John stopped, and realised that he was on his hands and knees in front of a woman on a bed.
“And that’s the highest praise that you’re ever going to get from this one.” John said, clapping Sherlock on the back. The twins seemed to be making an effort not to preen, maintaining an exaggeratedly casual demeanour.
Her expression was hopeful, and John found himself agreeing without even thinking about it. Patrick Singh laid his outerwear on one of the sofas and sat down on a low ottoman nearby, nodding a greeting at his fellow students. The only seat left was next to him, and John gingerly took a seat to his left.
As he watched, Katy was curling a protective arm around Phyllis’s shoulders, murmuring gently in her ear. Mycroft exchanged a thin smile with Patrick, who seemed quietly relieved that his own secret had not been exposed. He raised his glass in a silent toast, which Mycroft returned.
“Sir, according to the Met office there will be a brief break in the weather in approximately half an hour.” Anthea broke in after a few minutes, and Mycroft frowned before he glanced up. “I’m afraid that it’s not going to last long enough for the RAF to undertake a search of the area; but-“
“What is wrong with peace of mind?” Patrick asked, looking intrigued as well as a little anxious about the debate. John winced slightly, but before Sherlock could give a cutting response Patrick held up a placating hand. “I know that for you and… well, for people with your kind of relentless intellect, it is difficult to step away from analysing, deducing, observing – whatever you call it. But it must be exhausting, too, surely?”
“Oh! Er, yes. Come in, then.” she said a little abruptly, and stood aside to let him inside. Dalziell stepped inside, his frozen breath wafting in the dark room. He was a tremendously
“Yes. And I have a suspicion that it is attempting to eat me.” John replied gravely. The mattress was hugely thick and obviously several decades old; with the added weight of Sherlock it sagged even more in the middle.
“I believe that you and Mr Holmes are helping to solve another mystery here, John?” Patrick inquired, stretching his long legs out in front of him.
“Just. Just to be clear. I know we haven’t said anything about this. But. Um. I don’t want to be with anyone else. I only want to be with you.”
“Damn. People will be coming out to investigate any moment now. We do not want to be caught trespassing round here, John.” Sherlock whispered urgently. “Come on, over the wall. We’ll try and get at least a few more walls between us and them.” He beckoned John to follow him, coiling the bicycle chain and pocketing it.
Sherlock had taken one look at his tense face, the lip bitten in an attempt to keep from gasping; and had pulled away violently, his eyes wide. John did gasp then, his breath hissing out as his leg slipped from Sherlock’s shoulder to land clumsily on the bed.
“Many. Seven so far. But nothing that I can definitively link to the murder of Sandra Garner. There are obviously quite a few little secrets in this house, and I’m not going to be able to come up with anything until I can investigate her room. Well that, or talk to Freddie Garcia. Preferably both.” Sherlock stood and stretched, his joints cracking loudly. “It’s the food. It’s probably slowing my thought processes considerably.”
“Mm.” Violet nodded, curling up on a kitchen chair and hugging her knees in a way that was sharply reminiscent of Sherlock in his armchair at home. She sighed, a little of the brightness draining away from her face. “It seems a bit heartless, I know. But I keep on drawing Sandra. She keeps coming into my mind, clear as anything. I seem to get her onto the page more successfully since she died, I seem to be catching some kind of... I suppose you’d call it an essence. Of sorts. Oh, I know that sounds wanky, but I can’t put it any other way.”
“John, I don’t want to go back.” Sherlock said, then winced when he saw the look on John’s face. “No, stop it! What I mean to say is that I’m not used to this. I kissed you because I wanted to. I thought about it for hours earlier, it wasn’t just an impulse or just for your sake.”
Violet handed her the receiver after a few words with the caller, and took her seat again. Murdy turned her back on the room and hunched over the phone, barely speaking beyond a few monosyllabic words.
“I need a doctor.” he murmured, wincing slightly as John eased his fingers out of his slick, loosened hole. John grinned and gently lowered Sherlock’s thigh from his shoulder, wiping his fingers hastily on his discarded shirt before getting shakily to his feet. Sherlock reached out for him, guiding him into his lap; letting his hands slide down Johns flanks as he straddled his hips. John closed his eyes as Sherlock wrapped his long fingers around his cock, the surge of relief and excitement making him feel almost light-headed. He gripped the back of the sofa with both hands on either side of Sherlock’s head, giving in to the sensation of his oncoming release.
“Thank goodness for that.” the Reverend said fervently, opening the door. “Oh, er – thank you for calling, gentlemen. Do let me know if I can be of any further help at all.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed slightly as he surveyed Patrick’s pensive face, the shadows under his indigo eyes and the faint hollows of his cheeks. Patrick had eaten perhaps half of his food, and although he was as well groomed and put-together as ever there was just something a little…
Sherlock frowned a little, then jumped when Violet noisily snapped on a pair of bright yellow washing-up gloves next to his ear.
Sherlock smiled at him, the rare real smile when his eyes crinkled and his lips curved joyfully. John watched him with a certain amount of fascination; utterly unprepared when Sherlock pushed him forcefully up against the wall and kissed him deeply. John hit the back of his head smartly against the corner of a huge gilt picture frame and only dimly registered the ache - he was still too overwhelmed by the way Sherlock was cradling his face in both hands, his tongue slipping into John’s mouth and tracing wanton patterns against his own. Sherlock seemed breathtakingly confident like this, pinning John against the wall with his hips. It was still a little strange, and gloriously unfamiliar. He knew that he could easily break out of any grip that Sherlock had on him. Although John was smaller, he was strong and he was a trained fighter. He just wasn’t used to this feeling of being... well.
“Shut up, that doesn’t help!” Violet said sharply. “And we don’t need to worry about her just yet. I was too late to do anything to stop the bastards who took Sherlock. But when you’ve got a moment free, you might want to pop down to the larder. There’s an extremely cross assassin with what I hope is a
Sherlock inhaled deeply, looking at whatever image was on the screen. John leaned closer to take a look and gasped slightly.
When he grazed his prostate, Sherlock gave a sharp, bitten-off cry and inhaled deeply, his chest heaving. John glanced up at him, his movement stilling. Sherlock’s eyes were tightly closed, his chest heaving. His fingers were clamped tightly around the base of his swollen cock, and John fought the urge to run his tongue across the slick, dark head of it.
“You utter horror. Don’t be so cruel to the nice man,” she laughed shakily. For some reason, in her upset her accent had become much more Irish. “Not many would put up with the likes of you, and you know it.”
“Oh, don’t forget this!” John exclaimed, picking up the envelope that Mycroft had left on the nearby table and waving it with a grin. “Knowing Violet, I have an idea of what it might be.”
“Well luckily your grandmother never had a portrait painted that I’m aware of.” Violet pointed out. “I’m not sure I could hack having
Murdy shrugged a little mulishly, wrapping herself a little tighter in her borrowed dressing down. “Seemed like the best plan at the time. I knew the river best out of the three of us and I’m a decent swimmer.”
After a few minutes, when their breath had steadied a little, Sherlock turned to John; his expression tinged with something that looked a lot like wonder. “That… John, that was…”
good. So good, in fact that John was prepared to start wrestling Sherlock for the last piece. Violet lounged back in her chair, watching them with some great private amusement. “Anyway, you two. If you’re quite finished, we can go and have a look at the studio.”
“Not a bit of it. I’ll be off now, I’ve got to do something about the shop anyhow. Let me know if you need anything, Toni and Pheemy said they’d help me sort out the ordering.”
It was probably a sign that he spent too much time in Sherlock’s company that John found himself reluctantly accepting this extremely twisted piece of reasoning. He sighed and nodded, before following her over the crunchy snow of the back lawn to the old Victorian glass house.
He realised that there really was something different about Phyllis; she seemed to be standing up straight for once and her posture seemed almost defiant. Her round face was unusually cheerful, and she looked Hilary straight in the eye rather than fidgeting and cowering as she normally did.
“Nothing definitive, really. We’re doing our best.” John said vaguely, and then an idea struck him. “I suppose that there has been an autopsy performed on Sandra’s body?”
Sherlock’s hand reached up and grasped the side of John’s jacket weakly. He let out a quiet gasp, and John could feel rather than see him blinking rapidly. “It’s you, isn’t it? Not… not the other one?”
Sherlock seemed much more relaxed, if still a little quiet as they continued on to the Borough market. Despite claiming that he wasn’t in the least hungry, he stole at least half of John’s cardboard tray of steaming dumplings and then complained that they were too hot. He infuriated a stall holder by remarking loudly upon the fact that the colour of the huge pan of paella he was stirring relied much more on tartrazine than the rare saffron listed on his sign. He foiled a pickpocket with a bored look on his face, and completely ignored the profuse thanks he received from a grateful German tourist. After half an hour or so he plucked at John’s sleeve and headed for the gate, not letting go of the fabric until they had cleared the crowds of the market.
“I doubt it.” John fervently hoped not, anyway. No matter what his personal thoughts were about his relationship with Sherlock, he wasn’t quite ready for a poker-faced Margaret Gothford bringing them breakfast in bed.
Violet leaned back in her usual armchair next to the fireplace and surveyed Sherrinford thoughtfully, pursing her small red mouth. She propped her feet in their emerald suede pumps up on his knee in a companionable sort of way. She said nothing for perhaps a minute, letting her gaze drift to the stuffed and mounted stags head over the fireplace.
John joined him next to the table and inhaled sharply. Inside the wooden box, there was a soggy woollen shawl. A small pink bare foot protruded from beneath.
(What. The. Fuck. I will kill him. I will really, honestly kill him if he took photos of my arse to show Violet! I mean…
“Gráinne sneaked away again the next day, and the next. It was clear to her family that she had some kind of secret; and eventually she told them that she had met a man from far away, and that he wanted to hear some of the songs and stories that had been passed through the family for generations. And because they wanted to get a look at this man, my mother’s parents agreed. The stranger showed up one evening, and my mother sat next to him on a piece of driftwood next to the fire. He ate the food given to him, and drank the poitín straight from the bottle when it was offered. He was respectful and polite, and he wrote down all manner of notes in his little notebook as the stories were told. He greatly admired the gypsy songs and the fiddling. It all went unbelievably well, considering. It was made very clear to him that night, however, that he was to have nothing to do with Gráinne. She was promised to her cousin, and that was the end of it.
She nodded sharply, her hair falling into her face and obscuring her dark eyes. She sniffed once, almost inaudibly before turning her back to them. She faced the Victorian presbytery that neighboured the church yard, wrapping her coat around herself tightly.
“Nothing seems quite right. What would you call me, if somebody asked?” John waved a hand vaguely at the space between them. “What do we call… this?”
Bit of a monster chapter - thank you all for sticking with me through this! I really appreciate all of your comments and kudos; I'm only sorry I pretty much never get around to replying to you all! I read and treasure every comment left, they are hugely encouraging for me.
“John.” Sherlock said quietly. John inhaled deeply and forced himself to look up at his friend, who looked a little anxious.
John, who appeared to be on the edge of a major giggling fit. “Oh, come on, it can’t be that unusual. It was just a mutual exchange of services, that’s all.” This seemed to push John over the edge; he lay back on the gigantic bed and howled. He couldn’t help but picture the wedding reception; Violet in her wedding dress, poring over piles of ancient manuscripts in a dusty library while Uncle Sherry flirted with the waiters. Sherlock stood over him, looking perplexed. “Honestly, John. It isn’t that funny.”
Hilary. Hilary was getting everything that Sandra wanted, and of course Hilary was just as objectionable to Sandra as she is to every woman she meets. Sandra knew that she wouldn’t get away with killing Freddie, not for long. So she decided that she would die, and that she would destroy Hilary in the process.”
John was more than a little surprised when Sherlock handed him the keys to the car as they made their way down the stone steps at the front of the house. He was a reasonable driver, but he didn’t do it very often and had never actually owned a car. Sherlock usually slid into the driver’s seat of any vehicle they had to rent (or occasionally purloin) without so much as an inquiring glance in John’s direction. But given that this car was undoubtedly the most beautiful one he was ever likely to sit inside, John didn’t protest.
The land rover lay upturned at the bottom of the towering glen, gentle wisps of smoke slithering from under the bonnet and curling upwards through the gently falling snow. One of the wheels was still turning gently, although another had been ripped off altogether, probably due to an impact with one of the huge granite boulders that dotted the blinding white slopes. Sherlock was lying on his side, half-out of the back seat; his head half-ploughed into a snowdrift. He sighed and winced as he attempted to roll onto his back, catching sight of Schneider who was still behind the wheel. The large bald man was still wearing his seatbelt, dangling upside down in the front of the vehicle and surrounded by the remains of the shattered windscreen. The strange angle of his neck made it very clear that Schneider probably didn’t care very much about this fact any more.
“Watson, you and I both know that this is unnecessary. You have no physiological reason to continue with this infantile behavior.”
He reached out and grabbed another homemade biscuit, snapping it loudly between his teeth. John grinned around a mouthful of crumbs, feeling suddenly and unexpectedly fond of Lestrade.
Sherlock looked perplexed, and John grinned wearily. “Football, Sherlock. Don’t worry about it. Ready to go?”
“No. I mean, sadly, Phyllis is the easiest target. Sandra gave as good as she got, and Katy just freezes her with a stare. Thankfully, Hilary knows better than to have a go at me. Well, she does now.”
“John!” Sherlock hissed, looking slightly faint. “John, please tell me that I have started hallucinating.
Violet viciously ground out her cigarette and looked impatient. “I knew you wouldn’t care, even if I had. And I know that this git and your parents wouldn’t understand. They always despised me.”
Mrs. Gordon, the dressmaker. (Celery, damson jam, bleach, shoelaces, four cartons of raspberry yoghurt and a redcurrant ice lolly).
Mr. Antonelli grimaced sadly, and sighed. He leant his chin on his hand and let his gaze wander out into the snowy village square outside. “I hate to think that anyone would have done this deliberately.”
John was all too tempted to wallow in the deep copper bath for hours, inhaling the sandalwood scented steam that wafted from the hot water. He gazed dreamily through the tall arched windows, watching a flock of starlings wheel giddily through the clouded sky and swooping over the nearby hills. He did not want to see Mycroft’s face again; didn’t want to encounter the usual cold cleverness and smug loftiness that seemed to be the elder Holmes's default setting. He wasn't at all sure that he would be able to keep the secret of his new relationship with Sherlock while they were all in the same room. Mycroft would probably be able to read it in the way he handed Sherlock a cup of tea, or the manner in which he raised his left eyebrow.
“Yes, she’s fine. She had a bit of a row with George, but she’s perfectly alright.” John said, as calmly as possible. “Thanks for coming to help, but... Um. Not necessary, anymore.” he finished, a little lamely.
the person he loved most in the world. That to her, Sherlock had merely been a commodity. That to her, people were merely things, pieces to be moved around or discarded as she saw fit. Things that she could burn or destroy, with no thought of the wreckage.
(Stay calm. You know that all he wants is to have a fight. Don’t bloody well rise to it. He’s just making a tit out of himself.)
“She should wear a hat.” John murmured vaguely, and turned back to the group at the table. Sherlock snorted, and didn’t look up from the list of suspects. Violet gave John a slightly bemused look, but didn’t respond to his questioning glance.
Basil turned crimson and seemed to sag a little further into his seat. His handsome, good-natured face crumpled a little. “About a fortnight.”
Sherlock shrugged, and started walking again. “I suspect that she has business, rather than exercise on her mind. My grandparents always complained about the amount of poaching that went on around here; I rather think she’ll be off to check her traps in the woods.”
“Please.” Sherlock said, looking around the large dark space with visible interest. “This place has barely changed since I was last in here.”
“I needed to confirm that the opium came from him. As you probably remember, he claimed that he never supplied Sandra with any narcotics; and I believe that he didn’t, not directly. But he certainly seems to have supplied Garcia, as well as smoking it with him on more than one occasion in the study. It was quite clear from the degree to which the scent had permeated the soft furnishings in the studio annexe that opium had been smoked in there several times. We heard from George that he and Garcia were in there the night before Garcia left; he said himself that they were smoking in there.”
Sherlock grinned wolfishly. “Odd, isn’t it? Killers so often feel the need to keep these little souvenirs. Logically, one would think it best to incinerate or destroy the evidence in some way. But the Reverend is clearly a hoarder, with an untidy mind. He hangs on to things, even if they might destroy him.”
“Patrick, this is Murdy Antonelli and Mr. Brodie, the estate manager here.” Violet said, digging in the pocket of her dress for her silver cigarette case.
“Sherlock, Murdy – coats and shoes over there.” he ordered, pointing in the direction of the discarded pile. “Wrap up as best you can. Don’t take off any more layers ‘til we’re back at the house.”
“It’s… it’s about the size of the tonic box?” Murdy faltered, and bit her lip. Sherlock looked at her expectantly, then sighed.
It was not as if Sherrinford particularly wanted to get married. He quite liked the life he had at Hilderbogie as it was. He had enjoyed his wild years wandering the world, collecting his butterfly specimens – when he returned home he was more than willing to take charge of running the estate. But he knew that something would have to be done; but that something remained unclear.
And yet, something worried Mrs Holmes about the girl. It seemed odd that such a lively young creature would be happy to live and work in such a remote place. Her work cataloguing and arranging the collections was exemplary. And perhaps the oddest thing of all was how Miss Vernet would deftly steer the conversation away from any discussion of her past, her parentage or upbringing. Her accent was distinctly strange, veering here and there; never seeming to stay fixed in one region or indeed country. She admitted to living in Ireland for some time before arriving in Scotland, but that was the most Mrs. Holmes could divine after a total of four months sharing a roof with the girl.
The clarity and composition of the images was perfect, almost elegant. Violet had taken pictures of Sandra’s body from various angles, with several close ups of her torso and the hilt of the knife protruding from underneath the bench. He tried to imagine Violet taking the photographs, maintaining her composure and recording the moment. She was obviously shocked and upset at the death; and yet she had thought to take out a camera. He stole another look at her, and saw how absorbed she and Sherlock were in the images.
