Now, though....
He had no idea what he was going to do.
Dean swallowed. “You really think so?” he said, looking up at Sam. He felt that warm, comforting heat in his stomach again, bubbling up to his chest. Except, this time was different; there was pure
starting to ebb, followed by something close to regret.
of them—would manage to get through the next few days, Dean had no idea. Last night, Dean thought he had nearly toppled the weird, wobbly balance they were in, being so close to Castiel as it was.
Dean stared at him. “Did you just make a joke?”
“Whatever. Well,
Dean thought, gazing at Cas’s animated face as he rambled about
began to play.
Ellen, Bobby, and Jo stopped by on Christmas day bearing gifts and food, including a heavenly-smelling ham for dinner. Jo made it a goal to see how much bourbon she could get into her eggnog without her mother noticing.
Cas made a devastatingly cute, faint noise of happiness. Dean grinned into the pillow and slowly turned in Cas’s arms, pressing a soft kiss to Cas’s forehead and tangling their legs together.
“Dean?” Castiel asked, looking over his shoulder. “Can you come sit down by me?”
Castiel took a second to answer. Then he sighed. “I have to deep-clean Marcy’s tank.”
right?” Dean said, exasperated.
Castiel opened his mouth to say something in return, and then frowned. “Did you just compare yourself to my niece in the middle of expressing your romantic feelings for me?”
Dean’s brain mumbled unhelpfully again.
FallFest was in full swing by the time Dean swung Baby into a spot near the downtown library, far enough from the festivities that there were ample parking spots, but close enough the walk wouldn’t be dreadful. Castiel tucked his precious thermos down in the footwell before getting out of the car, making sure the lid was securely screwed on tight and wrapping it tenderly in the thick cloth.
He’d said it before and he’d say it again: seven-thirty was much too early to get to school in the mornings. Who was even naturally awake by then, anyways?
Castiel hesitated. “I’m just sorting files right now. You’re more than welcome to help, if you’d like, but please don’t feel obligated to.”
Dean seated himself at the table with his soup, watching the little ellipsis blink as Castiel typed back.
So instead, Dean ended up flopping on his couch rewatching old westerns with a beer and his Debby Downer-esque thoughts for company.
“….No?”
it was more of a large, unoccupied plot of grass with an old, concrete basketball court off to one side. The farmers market—and today, a makeshift pumpkin patch—got set up there on weekends, and it was a lovely spot to relax outside in late spring and early summer. The swings-and-slides playground was farther down the block, and Dean could hear the laughter and shouts of young children echoing around the corner.
Castiel felt his cheeks warm. “I—thank you,” he said, lifting his drink to his lips so he didn’t have to answer any more.
films.
shooting through him. If he turned just slightly to the side, leaned a little into the tiny stretch of space between them—
Dean paused on the landing, one hand on the door and the other still entwined with Cas’. He looked hesitant, and Castiel saw his Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed.
Castiel smiled. “So you think I’m pretty?”
“Well then, sweetheart, better leave it to me,” Dean said with a grin, deliberately throwing in a wink and pushing off the doorframe to get changed.
Dean slowly pushed Castiel’s door open.
Dean usually joins him, a mug of tea and a warm arm around Cas’ waist, grounding him as he loses himself to Kansas rainstorms.
“Heya, Cas,” Dean rasped instead.
Castiel was looking at him with the most beautiful, reverent expression on his face—one of complete admiration and pride.
“Mff,” was all he got in return.
Castiel whapped Dean in the arm with the towel.“Don’t use my words against me, Dean.”
“Ah. What made you want to become a teacher?”
Fuckin’ hell, he was gone for Cas. Absolutely, positively, head-over-heels in l—
The flickering, buzzing overhead LEDs thrummed into life when Dean flipped the familiar switch and stepped into his classroom.
with his cheeks all flushed and his bright pink nose and the white snow in his hair.
“I think his niece goes here.”
He looked so wonderful with his hair damp and slicked back, shirt sticking to his chest. His eyes were greener than normal.
How he—how
Even though this was his fifth year of teaching, Dean still hadn’t managed to find a quick, efficient method of deep-cleaning his classroom before school kicked back in full-swing. Every year was like spinning a roulette wheel of
He unplugged his laptop and stuffed it into his backpack, swinging it over his shoulder and giving his newly spruced-up classroom one last lookover. He still had to get the bean bags from his house and the textbooks from the front office, but that could be taken care of the next day.
way, instead of
Dean refrained from rolling his eyes. “Seriously?”
“No, but they hated me,” Jody rebutted.
Dean jumped a little when Marcy’s head bumped his elbow as she turned to watch Cas scoop dirt into the bag at his hips.
Dean blustered, setting his empty pie tin on the coffee table and cracking a beer open. “He’s never—he hasn’t—
He didn’t do that great of a good job with the original lore, which had to do with
She squeezed him tight once round the middle before releasing him and saying excitedly to everyone, “Wanna go to the park? They’ve got
in all honesty. Cas’s words were never half-truths or white lies, they were always honest, down-to-earth, and—most of the time—kind. And he looked so open and genuine and
Dean stumbled into the kitchen around nine the next morning, still rubbing sleep from his eyes. Castiel was seated at the table, legs crossed under him and looking soft from sleep, still in his pajamas and with his bedhead an absolute wreck. He had a book open by his elbow—the second in the
He wiped his hands on his jeans and walked back to his desk to search for the strongest cleaning spray he could find, weaving in between the groups of desks he’d so painstakingly (emphasis on the
“What party trick, sucking or swallowing?”
Dean swallowed. “Okay.”
Dean chuckled, giving Petunia one last pet before heading out the door, waving
”You got lunch plans?” Charlie asked.
“If you make a joke about female genitalia while holding my cat I
He and Cas chatted idly while Cas scrubbed the glass and wiped down the interior, talking about the next semester, or the chickens, or family. Dean asked about Castiel’s trip to Illinois, and Cas went off on a tirade about his brothers and their shenanigans. Dean mentioned he was reading one of the books Castiel had given him, and from the way Castiel’s face lit up, you would’ve thought Dean bought him tickets to the Tinley Park Reptile Convention, which Cas had talked wistfully about before.
Dean scrambled to his feet, slipping and nearly falling into the snow. “Wait, what the fuck’s the difference?” he asked, trying to catch up with Cas.
Dean nodded. “Answer questions, hand out the syllabus, that sorta thing,” he answered. resisting the urge to brush aside the stray cowlick curving away from Cas’s forehead.
Dean brushed one of the strands aside, kissed Castiel’s forehead again, and slipped out of Cas’s octopus-like entanglement of limbs.
Castiel let out a sleepy rumble in response.
Dean laughed, spotting Sam’s overgrown frame in front of the bookstore.
“Don’t
Dean caught Jess’s eye, his own fond exasperation mirrored in them as she watched her husband and Cas discussing... something with epistates. Hey, Dean taught
He sighed and sank into the quilts again, relishing the heaviness and comfort after the past few days. Content to stay in bed a while longer and soak up the last of this beautiful morning, Dean watched the sunbeams slowly brighten up the room, glancing off last night’s snowfall through the cold glass window.
—with a book open in his lap and a backpack on the ground beside him.
Dean glanced up from his food. “Really?”
Dean snorted, tipping his own crumbly flour and butter mixture onto the countertop and starting to shape it into a disc. “Believe me, I can tell. Just be gentle with it—pie dough ain’t like bread; it combines on its own.”
anything was different, until Jo cornered him as he was leaving and stated, “So you finally got your New Year’s kiss, huh?”
much more attractive,” Dean replied, staring at Cas. “I mean—
Castiel gave a noncommittal shrug. “I switched to a public high school after eighth grade. It was easy to go unnoticed.” He picked up Dean’s stack of folders and began to slide them into the file cabinet one by one. “What about you, Dean?”
Much later, Castiel realized he had forgotten to feed his cats before he’d left for the school. By then, everyone was sleepy enough to call it a night, too. It was just passing eleven p.m., and Petunia would be yowling at his heels by the time he was taking off his shoes.
Dean shrugged, pushing sauce around his plate. “S’not like he sent back a whole-ass love confession or somethin’.” He looked up, frowning at Sam. “Wait, why do you sound so damn sure he’s into me?”
“I—what is ‘FallFest’?” Castiel asked warily.
Dean sighed and gave up. Battling Charlie about something she was passionate about was as good an idea as poking a sleeping dragon in the eye. “If she’s working this weekend, I’ll think about it.”
The rest of that morning’s lesson passed without issue. After handing out the project grades and going over that day’s lecture and classwork, Dean sat himself behind his desk and immediately checked his phone for something from Castiel.
think about it—” Charlie mumbled.
Castiel tentatively laid one of his hands palm-up on the blanket between them.
on the hot science teacher across the hall.
“We need to shower,” he mumbled, part of him still somewhere in the stratosphere.
He flicked through his emails before finally pulling his phone out of his bag.
meant it was real, and something he had to deal with.
“The vampire lore is incredibly off in this,” Castiel mumbled forty-five minutes in, frowning at Michael’s phantom-like appearance in the mirror. “Vampires would still show up fully in most modern reflective surfaces.”
“Dunno,” Dean said, standing up and groaning at the stiffness in his back. He grabbed both their plates and beers and made for the kitchen. “Break up the masculinity?” he called, setting the dishes in the sink and turning the tap on.
Dean scooched forwards, peering at the roster he was handed. “I can help with that,” he said, scanning the list. “I think…yeah, we’ve got the same students. Well, mostly.”
Attached was a photo of the cat curled on the pillow Dean had used the previous night, nose tucked under her tail and looking very reluctant to move.
Dean repeated.
on his bedside table. “I still don’t understand why this is so important,” he grumbled, reluctantly standing and reaching for his coat. Dean grabbed his hand (Castiel tried not to think about it too hard) and tugged him out of his room.
Castiel straightened up. “Got it!” he called happily, lifting up possibly the most misshapen, ugly pumpkin Dean had ever seen and grinning broadly. It was warped like a half-melted marshmallow, the stem curved in on itself like a grumpy shrimp.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Just trying to find out.”
“Work,” Dean said around a mouthful of pastrami.
Castiel looked up, lips twitching into an expectant smile. “Yes?”
Castiel’s phone never rang. It dinged, however, five minutes into Dean’s fourth rummy victory.
"Jody and Donna are...together?" he asked Dean, watching them drive off together.
He was fine with that, even without knowing what Castiel wanted.
Watching storms as a human is much different than as an angel. Castiel knew thousands,
“What music were you playing earlier?” Castiel asked as they rinsed plates and measuring spoons in the sink. “I liked it.
“That’s a really bad pun,” Dean replied, swallowing. Cas’s body was less than two inches from his; Cas’s fingers brushing Dean’s when he rotated the cup to read it, chest almost curving against Dean’s back. He could feel Cas’s body heat, the warm breath on the back of his neck, a flare of hot
noise in the back of his throat. “Cas, buddy, what are you working on?”
Dean loved all forms of pie, but quiche? Nope. Never. Savory custards were of the makings of Hell.
Donna looked like she might say something, but she just shrugged. “Apple turnover?” she asked, pushing the pastry box across the desk.
Castiel stared resolutely into his face, one eyebrow arched unamusedly and attempting an expression close to Sam’s whenever Dean told a horrible dad joke. Although, he probably deserves those glares—most of the time the punchline was just “John Winchester”.
at the end of that damn book.
"I'm hurt, darlin’."
Dean slid his phone across the table in answer.
Dean turned his pie crust with his palms, shaping the edges into a more uniform circle. They’d decided to double the recipe and make
One more thank-you to the
At least, that was the excuse Dean kept pulling when his thoughts strayed in
They ate breakfast at the kitchen table, shooing the cats away from their food and discussing
(Dean wasn’t surprised. Castiel wasn’t one for competition—except when it came to Rummy.)
"Yeah, I got one too,” Dean sighed, remembering the two-inch binder he'd been gifted. “Though most of the stuff in there's outdated.” He still had it, though: there were some damn good recipes slipped between some of the pages.
And, possibly, the best one Dean had ever had.
“It ain’t, Cas, it’s the
Dean grabbed one for himself with a “you’re awesome, Donna,” and the conversation drifted towards the upcoming spirit week.
“I didn’t say anything,” Sam said innocently.
Dean raised his eyebrows. Castiel’s face fell. He heaved a huge, deep sigh and flopped back in his chair. “Fine,” he said, exasperated, throwing his hands up. “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do, though, because if I’m stuck at home—”
Dean gave a noncommittal shrug, ignoring the cinnamon sugar smell wafting from the local bakery’s stand. “I guess, yeah.”
“Great,” Castiel sighed. “Well, our grading session might be interrupted by my niece being caught committing a crime, then.”
“The pie recipe. Would you rather do the filling or the pastry? And what type—” He looked up and halted in the middle of his sentence.
The other end of the couch dipped as Jo flopped down by his ankles, rosy-cheeked and tipsy. “You’re not gonna shove me off again, are you?” she mumbled, attempting to push his legs out of the way.
“I can promise you, I’ve recovered by now,” Castiel said, shoulders and smile both visibly relaxing.
Dean let out another, rather
He’d given up pretending it was a vague, light-hearted,
"Haha."
His heart thudded in his chest, an explosion of
Dean rubbed the skin below Cas’s eyes, cherishing the roughness of day-old stubble under his palms.
“Nuh-uh. Can it, sunshine,” Dean interrupted. “You suffer,
“Ginger hair and Star Trek shirt?”
Charlie pulled Castiel over to the patch, talking animatedly about some topic or another, Gilda and Jess trailing behind. Dean chuckled, watching Castiel misjudge the weight of one of the pumpkins Charlie handed him and nearly drop it.
“Jess.”
was a blaring neon sign, and yet an unsure tendril of doubt curled in his stomach, winding its way around the hope and possibility and worming its unwanted way into rationality.
swear, fumbling to close the coop door before giving chase, hearing Castiel sigh and quickly follow behind him.
“I won’t be stupid,” she spat, giving Cas one last glower before she left, pushing past Dean and out the door in a whirl of black leather.
Castiel smiled softly. “You slept quite heavily. I’m surprised, actually—Cleo is incredibly demanding when she wants breakfast.” He scratched the cat behind her ears, giving her a stern look. “I thought she would have awoken you.”
“I hope people don’t watch this for accurate depictions of vampires,” Castiel said.
“Mff,” Dean mumbled around a mouthful of chewy, buttery bread. Castiel really was an excellent cook.
“What?” Dean mumbled.
The empty space beside Dean felt more empty than it should have.
Dean realized he was staring and blinked a couple times, giving his head a little shake and returning to his lunch.
“Dean,” Castiel said quietly.
“Yes,” Castiel answered, checking off the last name. “For six years. I don’t recommend it.”
Castiel’s lips were warm and soft and slightly chapped. His hair was soft at the nape of his neck where Dean threaded his fingers through it, the scrape of stubble scratching against his chin. He tasted like chocolate and cinnamon, sweet and comforting and a tiny bit spicy.
Maybe it was the lateness of the hour, or maybe it was the purring cat on his lap and the fading glow of the slowly-dying fire, but Dean could feel himself drifting off on the couch. (He had, in fact, fallen asleep here more than once while reviewing PowerPoints. The second time he’d woken up to a chicken on his stomach, due to Cas leaving the side door open.)
“Beg pardon?”
The chicken flocked to the door when Castiel knelt down to unlatch it, gently pushing the chickens back to reach the feed dish. He spoke softly to them, gently reprimanding their attempts to peck at his fingers while sprinkling seeds on the ground around them.
“Figure of speech, sunshine.”
Jess shrugged. “Charlie took me to a LARPing thing. I had a lot of fun; as it turns out, I look
“Fine! I guess I won’t have fun then. Happy?”
There was a smile ticking up the corners of Cas’s mouth.
Dean shrugged, scooping more eggs on his fork. “Didn’t want to. You were practically comatose anyways, man. Wasn’t possible.”
Cas. And evil Frosty the Snowman has an army of the Walking Dead.”
“Mm?” Donna raised her eyebrows, partway through an apple turnover.
“Shuddup,” Dean says, but he’s laughing. “Remember Sam walking onto the roof ‘cos we’d been gone too long?”
Twenty minutes later, his face was squished into the pillow again, his eyes half-open and barely fixed on the TV screen. “Cas,” Dean said softly, turning the volume down. “It ain’t a crime to pause a movie halfway through.”
Fitting, considering it was actually Tuesday.
Dean snickered. “Bitch.”
But then, Charlie’s words—
Sam pulled a container from the fridge. “Charlie, mainly. But Jo, Jody and Donna are also in on it,” he said casually, inspecting the pasta. “What’s this?”
Dean sighed. “Man, fuck y’all,” he sighed, resigned, tipping his beer back and draining the bottle.
“Oh—yes,” Castiel blinked a few times and jerked his head towards the hall. “It’s right—well—you know where the bathroom is,” he mumbled, running a hand through his bird’s-nest hair.
“Yeah, somethin’ like that.” Donna replied. “He did tell me to tell
If Dean hadn’t been on the verge of vomiting, he would’ve jerked bolt upright. Instead, he twisted his head around, got slammed with vertigo and flopped back onto the bed, panic now zinging through him. “I’ll be down in a minute,” he mumbled.
Cas looked
he told himself sternly.
Jess shrugged, pausing for a second to look at some hand-knitted beanies. “You guys are pretty close.”
“There’s hot water, if you’d like to shower,” Castiel said, gesturing slightly towards the bathroom. “I can put your bag in the guest room for you.” He had set his tea on the coffee table and was fiddling with the ends of his overly large shirtsleeves in one hand, holding the other out for Dean’s bag.
Sam was quiet for most of the time, watching Dean out of the corner of his eye while they sorted binders and papers and files into differing stacks by class. He could still feel Sam’s eyes on him when they flopped on the couch after the organization, Sam with coffee and Dean with a beer.
The dam broke; it shattered, debris caught in whirlpools as heat exploded low in Dean’s belly, bursting like fireworks in showers of blue and green and gold.
He waited, leg bouncing impatiently, for a few seconds before turning his phone off and rubbing his temples. “It’s fine, he’s fine,” he mumbled, glaring at the five unread parent emails.
Something roughly the size of a sandwich with feathers and scaly legs landed on Dean’s back with a
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “Are you saying it’s not possible?”
The quiet, pulled-taut silence expanded like a bubble.
“Kind of cliché, don’t you think?” Dean muses, “Kissing in the rain.”
Castiel’s lips twitched at the corners. “You could have woken me up, though,” he said, still sounding apologetic.
This was comfort. This was safety. This feeling, spreading through his limbs like magma, slow and hot and bright, was contentment.
Dean passed her some dolmathes in reconciliation.
They spent the rest of the day lounging on the couch, finishing up the last of that week’s online work or feasting on leftovers and hot cider and pie, Dean with his head in Cas’s lap and Cas running his fingers through Dean’s hair. Albert was much more subdued that morning when they made the trip to the coop, completely avoiding Dean and glaring at him from afar.
“Hey!”
Dean felt a white noise in his head, a fuzziness in his ears and a glowing hot happiness radiating from his entire being. He kissed Castiel as Castiel had kissed him—patient and bold all at once.
Dean sighed and shut his phone off.
The third time (or fourth, or fifth, who knew anymore) this happened was four days before Christmas. He and Castiel had exchanged Christmas gifts the weekend before while bickering over holiday classics and sipping hot cider. Dean was right about the crocheted bees—Castiel’s whole face had lit up in childlike delight when he lifted them from the gift bag, and he’d kept one of them in his lap for the rest of the evening.
Castiel didn’t answer, but Dean saw his eyes catch on something and a small, triumphant smile spread on his face. “Hang on,” he mumbled, starting to carefully pick his way through the sea of pumpkins.
Dean swept most of the cards into a pile, shuffling them into order. “Practice, Chuckles,” he answered, not even
“Sam, I think I’m in love with him.” Dean interrupted, eyes still fixed on the ceiling.
, of storms when he was one of Heaven’s soldiers; he found the weather more irritating than lovely. There was nothing to do on rainy days except sit and wallow in your emotions.
Castiel hummed in agreement, grabbing a dishcloth and waiting for Dean to finish scrubbing. “I would have liked to see her have a more significant role as the film played out.”
“What point are
Lounging on the couch afterwards with delivery and beer was the perfect post-grading reward. Dean’s brain felt like a sponge twisted one too many times. Cas was slumped half-asleep on the other end of the sofa, plate resting on his chest and drink on the floor. Dean had coaxed him into watching The Lost Boys—not exactly a
Dean let out a long, slow sigh, and started to clean.
He completely forgot they had been chasing a rogue rooster, that his fingers were numb and his jeans were getting soaked through with melting snow.
It was okay if he couldn’t.
“Mmm.” Castiel was scouring the patch with his eyes.
so rude and—”
--if you're 18+, come on down! we're loads of fun!
The guy’s shoulders relaxed and he nodded. “Yes, uh, I’m not much into rock, but I do like The Beatles.”
“Nah, not in the mood. Maybe when I don’t have to look at your face th—ow!”
made by the Romans?”
The moment the bell signifying lunch rang, Dean grabbed his food and went straight to Cas’s, not even bothering with knocking before pushing the door open and entering.
“Difficult?” Castiel supplied dryly. “Or opinionated?”
Dean sent Jo a not-very-nice emoji in response to her victory before swiping over to Charlie’s text.
Dean had nearly forgotten the wonder of a hot shower. He stood under the steaming spray, relishing the heat and water pressure, until he felt guilty about the amount of water he’d used.
Cleo slipped out of his arms and settled primly on her cushion by the hearth when Dean sat down on the couch cushions. Petunia, who hadn’t moved since Dean left for his shower, slinked over and curled into a warm, purring donut on his lap.
“Oh, ask if they’ve got any leeks left!”
The rest of the morning blew by; Dean heard Cas arrive just at ten, a chorus of “Mr. Novak!” heard across the hall.
not that excited for quality family time?” Dean asked.
Dean was definitely impressed with his AP students this semester. Some of them he knew from past years or other teachers, and he was happy to see them back in his classroom. Many others were complete rookies to the Advanced Placement regime, and either stoked about higher level courses or beating themselves up for choosing a heavier workload.
“You had to give
The third was to open Spotify and turn on some seventies classic rock.
The only person he might’ve drunk-spammed was….
out of the tank by Dean’s knees.
Dean grabbed his laptop and book on his way through the living room, frozen fingers fumbling to unplug the cord.
going through his abdomen. Castiel
It should not be possible for a grown man to look so lovable. If he could physically melt from loving another person so much, Dean would be a puddle on the floor.
Then he remembered who he was talking to. Charlie was like a human lie detector—one off-kilter word and she was on you like a hound on a fox hunt. Dean had once suggested she work for the FBI, to which she’d replied “who says I don’t?” with an unnervingly cheeky grin.
His entire body was tensed, immediately freezing at the weight of the snake on his thighs. Castiel pulled the rest of Marcy’s body—including her head, which was roughly the size of Dean’s
“He hasn’t texted?”
Something gray, fluffy and cat-shaped bumped against his legs. “
Dean frowned. “How would you know that?”
Catching one chicken—especially in early January—should not have been difficult.
Dean looked up. “Huh?”
“Not necessarily,” Jess reasoned. “Text him back and say you were really drunk and don’t remember anything.”
Cas was currently squinting at his computer, completely ignoring the open thermos of steaming soup in front of him. “Do you have Kevin Tran in your US History class?” he asked, reading something on the screen.
He wasn’t a fan of crowds—as a kid he nearly had a panic attack at a state fair, and it was only his brother, Gabriel, pulling him away from everyone that got him to calm down. Working in public education had helped a bit, although more out of necessity and survival than choice. But still: loud, constantly moving crowds of people set off his high alert,
Dean woke to cold, pale sunlight shining through the curtains beside his bed, slanting through the gaps into the room. It took him a second to remember where he was: enveloped in warmth, snuggled under unfamiliar blankets and with strange sun rays on his face. Then he remembered—he was at Castiel’s, because his house’s power had gone
Even though it was past midnight, Castiel’s lights were still on. Dean got out, shivering, pulled his duffel over his shoulder, and walked slowly up the shoveled path to the porch. He knocked twice on the door and waited, shuddering as the cold ate through his layers, one leg jiggling out of rhythm against the wood. The ball of nerves in his stomach had expanded and risen through his chest, pressing harder against his lungs and ribcage the longer he stood there. He knew, rationally, that everything would be fine. Everything would be okay, this had been
The thing is: They still needed to talk things through. Dean didn't particularly think his half asleep ramblings after a nightmare counted towards a serious conversation about what they were. You couldn’t just kiss someone (multiple times) and then
“He tends to fall asleep within a couple minutes. You can usually move the bottle and he’ll wake up.” He makes sure Cas is holding the bottle properly before settling back on the bed. “I usually go like this on his cheek or hand to try to keep him awake.” Dean runs his fingers along Jack’s where they’re grabbing at the bottle. He can feel the delicate bones as they shift and move. They’re impossibly tiny under his hands.
Cas is still staring at Dean as if Dean will suddenly disappear if he looks away for too long. Dean finds himself glancing over more than he would like to admit, checking to see he’s still there, that, after nearly two months of grief and rage that sat at the back of his throat like bile, this wasn't a dream. Their hands are intertwined on the seat between them, Dean running his thumb along Cas’s knuckles when he can't look away from the road.
not letting Sam take care of Jack.
Cas trails after him, his hand tightens on Dean’s waist as he pulls away. His eyes flutter open searching Deans for an answer he already knew. Dean just smiles in answer and fully steps away.
“You're just going to…” Cas pauses and tilts his head, his nose wrinkling in a way that should no way look cute on a man who's pushing forty. “Put him on the floor.” That manages to drag a chuckle out of Dean, lightening the mood just slightly. His quiet words are enough that it starts to sooth Dean’s dour mood.
Sam is still looking down at them, his brows furrowed. He opens his mouth as if to speak before letting it snap shut again. Instead he sits next to Dean, lets his fingers brush along the hair at the top of Jack’s head. Jack coos in response, reaching out his arms.
He rebelled for this? He fell for this?
(Dean knows who he loves, even if he’ll never admit it. Admitting it would put them in danger. Admitting it would put himself on the line. Angels can’t feel love, not the way that humans do, not the way that Dean feels for him. Dean would rather live the rest of his life alone than put him at risk again.)
He buries his face in Cas’s neck, cups the back of his head as if he could somehow bring Cas closer. He stays like that for as long as he can stand. Feels Jack squirming between them, feels Cas’s arm cautiously come to rest on his waist, like any sudden movement would scare Dean away like a skittish animal.
Dean’s mouth snaps shut, shame hangs heavy over him but the anger still sits at the back of his throat.
responsibility and he just left him. He is obviously upset by Dean’s actions. He is probably tuned into Dean’s emotions somehow, whether it was because of some freaky baby angel magic or something else.
Even now, when he’s sitting on the couch, Jack needs to be perched on his thighs, angled so that Jack’s feet kick Dean’s sternum every time he shifts or relaxes in his arms or over his shoulder. Jack takes most of his naps laying across Dean's chest, or in the wrap that Sammy has consistently made fun of him for.
“Sleep, Dean.” He commands. “I’ll watch over you.”
Cas is like a tsunami. His anger is quiet, unassuming at first. Your first sign is him retreating. He closes in on himself, pulls away before returning in all his glorious anger. Overwhelming. Unyielding.
“She wouldn't talk to anybody for a while after it happened. Locked herself in her room, wouldn't answer Sam, Donna, or my calls. Apparently she ran off a couple days later to go on a hunt and came back trying to pretend like nothing had changed.”
“Do you want breakfast?” He says instead, ignoring the photo that’s already burning a hole in his front pocket. He carries it around with him everywhere, couldn't make himself to part with it. “I just finished cleaning up, but I'm sure I can find something quick.”
“Cas? Are you talking about Cas?” The man in front of him asks. He looks almost excited, hands pushing his hair back. Who let his hair get that long anyway? His eyes were red rimmed. He wondered why he was upset.
Or maybe this feeling stems from the way Cas is acting. Distant, unapproachable, in a way he’s never been before.
“Come on, Buddy, let’s get the kid ready for bed.” Cas nods along to his words but doesn’t move, doesn’t open his eyes. His free hand grips Dean’s flannel, twines around it until his knuckles brush Dean’s hip through too many layers.
Jack makes a strange cooing noise and reaches towards Dean with a tiny hand.
It isn't until the bottle is finished, placed in between them on the counter that Dean finds the courage to speak.
He’s rarely with them anymore as it stands, always off doing
It isn't until he opens his bag that he remembers what he had placed in there before they left. The sight of it makes him suck in a sharp breath, eyes closing as if it would change the image when he opens his eyes.
The way he was acting just like his father.
Cas had seemed to take his request to heart. He doesn't talk about what happened, he lets Dean leave and come back as often as he needs, keeping the same cool demeanor he does even in the face of certain death.
“I'll drive,” Dean states, his voice like gravel. Sam is still giving him that look, the one that means he wants to talk instead of let Dean deal with this himself. But another glare cuts off whatever words he was about to say.
It hangs off her frame, obviously too big for her, big enough to fit her hoodie on underneath so she wouldn’t get cold. He never pointed out the theft, just happy that the leather would keep her safer from claws and fangs and knives than the thin zip up she had been wearing before.
“Dean, if I was given the chance, I would never leave your side again.” It isn't said like a secret, there's nothing hushed or quiet about Cas’s voice. He says it like a fact, like it's something Dean should already know. Just another one of the million facts of life.
“It must have been hard for you.” Cas’s voice is hushed, nearly lost in Jack’s fading whimpers. Knowing what he knows now, Dean figures Jack has been crying every night in response to his nightmares, pulling him out of them in any way that he can. “Even when Sam helped he must have woken you anyway.” Dean rolls onto his back, shifting Jack onto his chest, never letting go of Cas’s hand. He closes his eyes, scared of nonexistent flames spreading along the ceiling. He would never admit it but he needed the reassurance. Needs a reminder that Cas is still here and not burning up on a pyre next to a lake.
“Sammy.” The word on his tongue tastes wrong. It’s a betrayal. Only Dean is allowed to call Sam that and whatever he is, it’s not Dean anymore, not really.
However, even though he knows nothing, he knows
He doesn’t love her and he doesn’t desire her, not willingly. Dean doesn't want her touching him, he doesn’t want to kiss her. Avoiding her is natural, it’s
Dean scoffs but settles on the bed anyway, patting the spot next him. “Of course he does, I painted and decorated it myself.” Shame and regret burn like acid at the back of his throat. Images pop up in his mind, unbidden, of furniture knocked over, baby clothes strewn across the floor, the crunch of wood under his boot and he does his best to ignore it.
Dean knuckles go white on the steering wheel whenever his mind is inevitably drawn to Crowley, or Mom, or Kelly or… and he’s forced to shake himself out of it, turn the music louder, push the gas pedal a little harder, but there's no running away from your feelings. The only thing he can do is shove them in a box and drink them away later.
The words strike somewhere deep in Dean’s soul, somewhere so ugly and dark that no one deserves to be subject to. The pit of self doubt and blame and shame mixed into some fucked up tangle of emotions that Dean himself doesn't want to touch.
The thought of him leaves an ache in his shoulder and a lump at the back of his throat. He doesn't need to remember him to know that he was important. Even now, his name has already faded from his mind, but the feeling stays trapped in his chest.
This was
For the first time since they had gotten home last night, Jack truly starts to cry.
Weeks of Cas being gone and Dean had already begun to forget the small little details. The taste of static and ozone when he was near, the rough texture of his coat, how feather soft his hair was and just how much Dean wanted to run his hands through it.
Suspicion? Maybe.
He was already nothing more than a corpse and a charred imprint on the ground when Mary fell through the portal. How would he know that she wasn’t here anymore?
Dean shakes himself out of his thoughts.
He had looked at Dean with so much fear; he had to leave the room when it came down to it. The disappointment, the betrayal, that laced his tone, soured his expression.
During the confession, Dean had refused to open his eyes, not wanting to see Cas’s face fall, but now he opens them. He takes in the angry curve to Cas’s mouth, the pinched look in his brow. His nostrils are flared, eyes blazing. Cas always looked good when he was angry, even when he was angry with Dean.
Even being a demon couldn't stop Dean from wanting to be close with Cas.
Dean just shifts Jack until he’s over his shoulder, rubbing his back to warm him up as they walk back to Dean’s room. He hums the opening notes to Ramble On softly under his breath, hoping the familiar song will calm him some (Or at least calm Cas, who looks like he's two seconds from trying to help with his grace).
“Ready to blow this joint.” He waits until Cas smiles and nods tears still shining in his eyes, until the rumble of something in the distance turns into a roar before activating it and watching the darkness around them disappear in a flash of light.
walk away, but he can't be here right now. Instead, he pulls them to the Dean cave. There's no tv in there yet, he’s still trying to pull together the finishing touches, but Dean sets up his laptop on the coffee table.
She calmed when he held her in his arms, small enough that his hand spanned the entire length of her back. She cried when he left, she appeared again as a toddler who cooed at him, as a teenager, who bartered the king of hell for his life. Dean was strangely protective over her, and her of him and it made no sense.
Dean’s own words echo in the back of his mind and he wonders if it’s true.
was the time it was real, that he was free to go.
It doesn’t help that the longer he’s stuck at home the more his frustration grows. He doesn’t want to be trapped in the bunker. It leaves too much time for him to think.
The first blow comes while Cas is changing Jack, leaning down to blow a raspberry onto Jack’s stomach with the most serious expression Dean’s ever seen. Jack is letting out wheezing giggles. Dean has seen Jack smile before, but hearing him actually laugh? It knocks the breath out of Dean. He leans heavily on the doorframe, his face in his hands and tries to work through the feeling in his chest. He turns and walks away, only to be drawn back to the scene a couple minutes later, Cas and Jack giving him matching gummy smiles as he walks inside the room.
It's not until Dean finally lays on the bed with him, Jack curled up on his chest, that his cries finally cease.
A bit of a happier chapter for you guys!
done too much shit to talk about blame right now.” Dean takes a ragged breath and is stuck by a thought that kills any anger lingering in his body.
to understand but not enough to see the whole truth, overlapping, merging, the same story told millions of times. His mom curled around the phone in the kitchen, tone haunting as the words spit from her mouth like venom. Jack’s intelligent gold eyes layered over his own green, watching as one of their parents walks out a door, anger in their gait.
He can feel Cas’s eyes on him all throughout dinner. They track his movements, catch his own gaze as they pass Jack back and forth, feeding him and getting him ready for bed. He wants to say something. It sits in the air between them, sours the lighthearted mood they had finally started to get back.
“Dean, I know how we can get Mary back.”
“Don't.”
He presses his face closer to Cas’s side, because Dean knows. Cas may have read 74 parenting books but he’s read more than a handful of mommy blogs trying to figure out how to not fuck this up. More than a couple had said how dangerous it could be to co-sleep with a baby, how you could roll over, or push them on accident.
It's not a picture perfect moment like the movies where he runs and Cas rushes to greet him, arms open wide. Dean moves with cautious steps as if Cas will disappear if he moves too fast. He walks up to Cas step by trembling step until they're in front of each other. Neither looks away.
So he escapes.
Family doesn't start or end in blood and Cas had chosen this baby as part of their family. Who is Dean to spite his dying wish?
“You are already the better person because you’re trying.” Cas insists. “You're doing your best to make up for the wrongs you have caused, that have been done to you. And isn’t that what you told me? That’s all that matters: that you try.”
“Dean, you're not John. Leaving him with Sam for a couple of hours while you actually sleep is not the same thing.”
He doesn’t know how long he’s been stuck in his own mind, jumping from memory to memory, drowning in darkness, tearing himself apart looking for a way out.
“Pack.” Dean stated, finally turning to look at Sam. He was staring back at Dean with something close to fear in his eyes, but an order was an order. In some part of his mind, Dean is disgusted with himself. The tone sending him spiraling back to everytime they had to move as a kid. Every harsh word his dad said to him in his grief. But a bigger part still burns with that feeling of helplessness, with grief so absolute he can't find it in himself to care.
“I didn’t mean to, Dean.” Dean’s hands shake as his name falls from Cas’s lips. “I just had to get back,” He pauses, tightening his grip on Jack, who is looking up at them as if they are a particularly interesting telenovela. “I could hear you calling me all the way back through the portal and I couldn't-”
Every night, he wakes up and wishes he didn’t, wishes he could just sleep forever. Every night he’s forced to face the fact that he's doing this alone when he shouldn't be. He misses Cas like a piece of him had been burned with him on that pyre. Like a piece of him is missing and he can't do anything to get it back because it's simply gone. Not just missing, but turned to ash and dust.
Sam stands awkwardly off to this side, still tucked against the impala as if he was having trouble standing. Dean ignores him, motioning for Cas to come closer. He props Jack up against his arm so Cas can get a good look at him.
Dean has always known that Cas was attractive, he was constantly caught halfway between laughter and jealousy whenever anyone brought it up. Even his true form, what momentary glimpses Dean caught as a demon, were stunning. Interconnecting rings spiraling around his human vessel like a piece of art, six wings, iridescently beautiful even in their tattered state, trailing behind him. What Dean would have given to be able to run his hands through them. To be able to touch
Dean lost him again.
So he talks to Jack.
Dean gets off the bed, pulling on the dead guy robe. He walks back over to the bed and sits near the foot, close enough that he could mess with Jack as Cas tried to dress him. At the very least, Jack was easy in the mornings. It wasn't like what Dean remembered of Sam as a baby. Far too loud and always squirming away and crying when either John or Dean tried to dress him.
He takes the picture out of its frame and slides it into his pocket, his eyes burning.
But then Dean thinks about Cas. The
Jack sounds almost excited, like he hadn’t just sent Dean’s mind in a spiral. He doesn’t say anything else though, just sits back into that stiff, uncomfortable looking position and watches the tv.
He had known this going in, the moment he had said yes to Michael, that this was his eventual fate. He made a deal, but he never expected the archangel to actually stick with it.
It’s wrong in every way and when Dean opens his eyes the qareen’s are just as empty. They’re the right shade of blue but they’re not right and Dean turns away, let’s the wrongness settle like a lead weight in his gut. He leans nearer, until Dean can feel the brush of his lips against his cheek, until he can just see the rise of his fist in his peripheral.
“Yeah…” A strained chuckle slips out as Dean tries to focus on getting Jack dressed. He was starting to calm down now that he was semi-dressed, but Dean could see the goosebumps raised along his little arms.
The sun is rising as they finally throw the match down. There's no body to burn but Dean can feel his mothers absence like a missing limb. He watches the flames grow higher and mourns everything he wanted. A life with Cas, a life with his family, at least what left of it, together and happy.
“Dean, your hand--” Sam starts but is quickly silenced by Deans glare. He didn't want to talk about this, he didn't want to have a chick flick moment where he and Sam cry and deal with their feelings. Dean just wants to be home, safe in the bunker, so he could drink himself to sleep and maybe not dream for once.
Dean wonders why Cas is being so open with him, looking at him with eyes that say none of this matters. Cas has never cared about speaking his mind, but it was unlike him to be this open. He was never so obvious about his emotions, not when he knew it would usually make Dean uncomfortable.
Dean watched the blade come down in slow motion, could barely control it’s path as Cas pleaded with him. His hand was a brand on Dean's wrist, his own personal prayer and yet Dean could still only narrowly tamp down the fury in his bones.
Dean mentally shakes himself out of his thoughts, looking back at Cas. He finds Cas watching him as well with a curious gaze, his head tilted to the side. Dean just shakes his head slightly, and smiles softly before tuning back into Claire and Sam’s conversation.
“My name is Dean Winchester.” Already, he can’t remember why he was given that name. He can’t remember what his hometown is. “Sam is my brother.” He’s tall, taller than Dean. They have each other through thick and thin. They’ve beaten apocalypses together. Dean can’t remember who’s older, by how much. “Mary Winchester is my mom.” Blonde hair and pale skin. A whip crack attitude. He can’t remember how old she is, why she isn’t here with them right now.
“He was that small?” Dean leans over to run a hand down Jack’s check, watching as his eyes fall shut. It never fails to make something in his chest ache. Jack was just so small and so trusting. Dean leaned over to kiss one of Jack's tiny hands that had latched onto his own.
Jack's wings come in and out as they please, they have since they had settled into the bunker. It's one of the reasons he and Jack didn't really leave unless absolutely necessary. Not quite there in any solid way, but much more than just a shadowy image on the wall.
There’s no one else here, no whispers in the distance, just black shadows as far as the eye can see.
His wings were already folded back into whatever space they occupied when they weren't here and he was obviously already half asleep, blinking slowly against Cas’s shoulder.
Dean leaves him alone with Jack once, claiming he needs to use the bathroom but instead circles to the back of the gas station. He hasn’t done this is a while. Not since god had abandoned them to run off with his sister. He turns to face the sky, bright blue reminding him far too much of Cas’s eyes and his throat burns.
It wasn't about Cas watching him sleep, it was the nightmares.
“Yeah I can eat.” Claire agrees, already leading the way out of the room.
“I’m scared of fucking this up,” Dean can hear his voice break, and he squeezes his eyes closed tighter. “I’m scared I’m not going to be there enough for him, I have no one to follow, no guidance-” Dean’s eyes flicker open as Cas tilts his head, meeting his gaze once again. It’s the same look. The one that says, so clearly, how much Cas- Dean cuts that thought off, unwilling to even imagine it right now.
“You know what I wish?” Dean spits, spinning on his heel to glare at Sam who stumbles to a stop. “I wish none of this shit had fucking happened. I wish we hadn't let lucifer out of that fucking cage. I wish the fucker could have kept it in his pants. I wish I didn't have to take care of a kid that's not mine, that I don't even want. I wish you would leave me the fuck alone and let me deal with it.”
With shaking hands he pulls out Cas’s trench coat.
Jack, for what it's worth, just gives him the same confused look he does whenever Sam’s hair is pulled up and away from his face. Dean had learned from one of the mommy blogs that kids tend to freak out when people they're close to change their appearance suddenly, something about a lack of object permanence. Jack had never fully freaked out about Sam changing his hair or Dean shaving, but it did always seem to take him a moment to get over his confusion.
Dean fights his way to the surface. Bit by bit, he drags his way through the inky blackness of his mind.
He tries not to drink. His dad had been a mean drunk and the thought of anything happening to Jack while he wasn't at full capacity scared Dean more than anything else, his heart clenching with just the thought.
Dean has felt watched since they’ve returned, the air around him strangely charged.
But Jack is in his arms, so instead he turns around, leans against the counter, and starts to feed Jack before he begins crying again. The silence echoes around them, nearly suffocating this time. Cas is a growing line of tension along his side.
Dean smiles and pushes into a sitting position, curling forward to pluck Jack from Cas’s hands.
Jack had only smiled at Dean like that before.
was the one who didn’t keep him in the otherworld long enough.
He doesn't remember his own name, his hair color, his eye color, he can’t pick himself out of a lineup. But he can picture dark hair and tan skin, a long coat covering a dark suit. It’s not him, but whoever they are they’re important to him.
“I’m not?” Dean says mouth twisted into a snarl. “You won’t even admit mom's dead.” He can feel Jack shifting and quickly lowers his voice. “You spend all your time locked in your room trying to figure out a way to bring her back instead of doing our jobs like we’re supposed to.”
It still looks more like Cas than
Dean leaves Sam to unpack most of the stuff, he can hear him grumbling under his breath all the way out of the garage, and heads straight to his room. He’s pretty sure it's too late for Jack to be up still and he wasn't due for a bottle for another hour or so. Instead he pulls Jack out of the carrier and places him in the middle of the bed once more, throwing his bag and the diaper bag on the small table across the room.
Dean watches as Michael lifts his hand, reaching out slowly until his fingertip brushes along the fabric of his sleeve. Until the dread in Dean’s gut grows to a crescendo, until the thought of the handprint being gone overwhelms him and he lets out a gasp of air that is far closer to a sob than he would ever admit.
It doesn't help that Jack is upset in his arms, his hands waving as he screams into Dean’s ear. It doesn't matter that Dean is trying to calm him down, his emotions are skewed enough that Jack continues to let out uncomfortable wails.
Cas keeps dying and Dean can’t do anything about it. What’s one man against a reaper, against an archangel, against leviathans and purgatory, against the devil himself.
“Wha-” Dean sputters standing up. “I just offered you food!” Dean could hear Sam’s laughter echoing from the hallway as he threw his hands up in defeat.
. Like he said, he’s not stupid. He’s known that he’s loved Cas for a long time. The word doesn't process in his mind, though. It carries a different weight, a dangerous one.
It was that it was Cas.
“Burped him afterwards?”
At three weeks old, Jack has quickly grown accustomed to life in the bunker, but apparently doesn’t like the fact that he is now sleeping in his own room, even if it is less than 15 feet away from where Dean sleeps.
But Dean can feel someone. A dangerous tug on his shoulder, a pull at his very soul. The same thing that had pulled Dean out of hell now calls to him, just like it always has. It's a siren call to move nearer, to press closer and closer and closer. It's a piece of Dean that’s not Dean, but might as well be for how long it's been with him. It’s a sliver of grace that has made a home in his soul after eleven years, but still yearns to be close to its origin.
It isn't until Cas calls his name who knows how many times, that Dean is able to drag himself out of the spiral he had fallen into. Jack is crying, his eyes lighting up gold, his arms outstretched desperately towards Dean. Even through the numbness that had overtaken his mind and body, he still reaches out to take him.
Cas’s other hand tentatively comes up to brush through the back of Jack’s right wing. As soon as he brushes through the feathers, they light up a pale orange. Almost puffing up to meet his fingers, which begin to glow the white-blue of grace to match. The lightshow fades as soon as Cas’s hand pulls away.
There was a reason why Dean doesn’t like to have these touchy feely chick flick moments. They always seemed to leave him exhausted, on the teetering edge of drained and far too emotional all at once.
“The cold makes them pee, so if you open the diaper it's gonna get on you, me, and the bed.” He explains. Cas nods and follows his instructions as Dean leans forward to press a kiss to Jack’s forehead, trying to smooth down his hair. He knew it was useless, just another thing that made Jack look so much like Cas that it hurt.
“Maybe, though no one knows where he died and was buried.” Sam cuts in pushing his laptop in front of her. “There have been more than a handful of grave robberies too.”
ran away with Kelly,
Dean turns his face more fully, still hiding his smile in his elbow.
Cas had died for them four times now, and only one of them had left a body. A human body that slumped over in the chair, who’s face he had cradled so gently, as if it would somehow save him, as if he could heal him with the anguish that swirled in his gut.
The man wearing his skin smiles at him in the mirror, all teeth, more like a shark than a human. “I know how you keep escaping.” He gives Dean an interested look before glancing down at Dean’s shoulder, at the handprint hidden under layers of fabric. “He calls to you, doesn't he? Just like you call to him.”
Dean had thought that they learned their lesson with every single world ending event that had happened before. They needed to trust each other, talk about their plans and what they knew and didn't know. In their line of work keeping secrets gets you killed.
Dean suddenly lunges forward, cuts off whatever he was about to say with a kiss.
? Why are they the ones who are left to grieve and mourn?
is what scares Dean.
He thinks she’s doing great, for never having held a baby before. Better than Sam had been, for sure. He had been terrified, his hands dwarfing Jack’s tiny body especially in the early days. She’s slowly relaxing into it, swaying softly from side to side as Jack coos and babbles, his tiny hands twisting into the leather.
He’s scared, lost, expecting something from Dean, or something that looks like Dean.
“Get out of my kitchen.” Dean snaps, picking up the towel he had just placed down and chucking it at Sam’s face. Sam quickly scoops up his laptop, bending down to kiss Jack’s head again as he wanders out of the kitchen.
Missouri was
Dean finds him curled up, looking more like a lost child than a warrior of God. He doesn't react to Dean’s presence. Cas lays there, his arms curled over his head, protecting himself from something unseen and it makes Dean’s chest hurt. He looks resigned, eyes squeezed shut, knees pulled tight to his chest, tucked completely under his trenchcoat.
Not that he wants to be far away. Cas is first and foremost his best friend before anything else and Dean has been away from him for two months. He honestly just missed him. Missed being in his presence, missed laughing with him and cracking jokes about different movies and tv shows that Cas only half understood.
to wake up in the morning with him there, wants to fall asleep next to him.
Sam comes stumbling down the stairs and Dean yanks his hand away as if it burned him, turning instead to face his brother and the millions of questions he didn’t want to answer.
There’s so many things it could be, the ever shifting nature of their lives creating hundreds of reasons to put him on edge. There’s always something new, a new monster, a new villain, a new ally, and sometimes Dean finds it almost stifling.
“She went after Lucifer. He dragged them back through the portal, and it closed behind them.” He finally grounds out, stalling and starting again like an old car. He wants to snatch the bottle up, to run away from this conversation as fast as he could.
“I know tha-” Dean opens his mouth to argue back, before snapping it shut again at Cas’s look.
“I’m not an idiot, Dean.” Cas hums and starts to run his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I read 74 parenting books.” Dean lets out a huff of air; not quite a laugh but close enough, if only because he knows that it will make Cas’s eyes light up. His fingers smooth back Dean’s hair before spiking it up again, repeating the process endlessly as Jack begins to settle. His eyes flutter shut, clenching and unclenching in Dean’s shirt and Cas’s sweats. “I think he just missed you.”
. He slept with anyone he could, girls, guys, it didn't matter. The shame that had settled in Dean’s chest when looked at men didn't exist anymore.
It’s the hardest thing he’s ever had to do, wrap up Cas’s body in that stark white sheet. He works with gentle hands, ignoring how Sam has pointedly collapsed in the living room, leaving him to his work.
“He’s…” She pauses tilting her head slightly. It’s eerily similar to Cas’s confused face, up until the moment her nose scrunches slightly, like a bunny. “Squishy looking.” Sam snorts from his place across the table.
Cas’s anger is rarely loud. It's not like Dean, where, even before the mark, he exploded in rage. Dean’s anger is fast growing, quick to leave. So overwhelming in the moment that you can't look away. A bolt of lightning: deafening, blinding, gone in a blink.
They glow an unnatural gold in the dark room, like a beacon that draws you in, unnaturally intelligent already. They're not the eyes of a human baby, but Dean already knew it wouldn't be human.
“You asked me why I was saying this now, it's because, when I see you with Jack I see everything I’ve known finally out in the open.” Dean starts to shake his head but Cas continues anyway. “You’re caring. You’re kind. You love so much that it’s almost painful to see-”
Even now, Cas looks at him like he knows what he’s thinking. He looks like he's going to try to make Dean talk about it. So, instead, Dean scrambles to his feet, his knees screaming at him in protest.
The emptiness that had nearly consumed him for the past month was fading even as he looked on at Cas and Jack together. Finally together like they should have been from the start. The emptiness is filled with happiness and fondness and so much relief that it crawls up his throat and bubbles past his lip as a laugh.
of souls lingering in the air until you can almost taste it.
“Do you actually believe that?” Cas asks, focusing on Dean’s thumb brushing along his pulse point. Dean wants to lean over, catch his blue eyes, but instead he focuses on Jack who is looking up at them with a golden glint.
! He could wear his hat and his boots on a case for once, there's no way he could pass this up.
Anger runs through him, this time directed at himself alone. Jack was
Dean leads the way to the bathrooms, picking the one just around the corner from his room. Cas watches him curiously as he pulls out the little whale tub and places it on the counter closest to the showers.
“You actually let Cas take care of Jack during the night.” There goes the tone that makes Dean want to punch him on principle. A disbelieving lilt to Sam's voice that Dean knows is paired with either a full bitchface or a raised eyebrow.
It takes Jack 20 minutes to finish his bottle and by the time Cas shuffles forward, Dean is nearly asleep.
Sometimes, Dean doesn't fight either. He just gives into the ebb and flow of his memories.
But he doesn't.
Dean paces a cage that doesn't exist. He drags the king of hell across the country, chasing some sort of relief from the burning in his chest, in his shoulder, centered in a faded handprint that he has no business caring about anymore.
All at once, Dean can see himself and his own father, mirror images of grief and anger 30 years apart. The drinking. The silence.
Dean recognizes Jack, and Jack recognizes him, a part of him that even he doesn’t quite understand. The same part of him that feels empty when Cas is gone, that only settles when he’s in arms length. The part of him that wanted to climb right on that pyre and burn as well.
The baby is a solid weight on his chest and it grounds him as he nearly stumbles down the steps. Dean can see Sam outside, piling wood up and takes a shuddering breath as he draws close to where Cas lays peacefully on the table.
There was something overwhelming about having those eyes trained on you. The otherworldliness of them striking Dean at odd times, becoming the only thing that he could think about when they catch his own. They have an intensity right now that Dean can't focus on. He can't think too much, can't analyze or he may just go crazy.
Dean tries to be okay for Jack, but he's slowly fading. He doesn't want to be here, on this earth where he doesn't have his Mom or Cas or Charlie or even Sam at the moment. He wants them back. Dean just wants and wants and wants and the ache in his chest never leaves anymore.
Instead he leans down and presses a kiss to Jack’s head as he lays back down, facing their way this time.
Rings spinning along intertwining, melding, cracking apart. Wings ever moving, arching away from Cas, curling into Dean, shimmering like oil on asphalt in the light of his grace. Dean is struck with the sudden urge to touch. He wants to run his finger through feathers, feel the rings shift and move under his palm, know the familiar touch of Cas’s grace when he can see it as well.
what matters.”
his emotions?”
“Am I driving or you?” Sam asks instead as Dean starts to buckle Jack back in. They’ll have to stop again in two hours, travelling with a baby was quickly turning this 24 hour trip into a 30 hour trip. But, they’re already halfway through their journey, and Dean really wanted to drive straight through.
“Hold on. You can
He spends time with the people he’s lost. Laughs with Charlie, settles in to watch a game with Bobby, sits back and clinks his drink with Crowley.
He pretends like things are alright, that his mother hadn't jumped headfirst into a portal with Satan, that Kelly was still alive in that house. That Cas was just knocked out, asleep on the grass.
let Lucifer out of the cage,
They share the responsibility for Jack the same way they have been the past few days, but Dean suddenly realized how helpless he is in the face of Cas caring for Jack.
Jack’s first night on earth leaves him distraught and more than once there's a banging on the walls when Jack's squalling reaches its peak. Sam has curled up with his head under his pillow, but Dean knows from experience just how little that helps.
Dean chants in his mind, clinging to any sense or normality he could get, and trying to calm himself. This isn't how he wanted this to go. He doesn't want to fight anymore. He doesn't want to talk about it. He doesn't want to have all these emotions hanging in the air between them like a cloud of poison.
Sam had said.
Gently, not to disturb Jack’s sleeping form, Dean picks up Cas. With every step towards the pyre the weight in his arms grows heavier. It settles in Dean’s chest and chokes him.
It leaves Dean with nothing to do but think, nothing to do but grasp at the memories he can already feel fading.
and not the vessel he inhabits.
“I found you a case.” Dean says when Sam finally walks out of his room.
“Be careful.” Dean nearly pleads. “I can’t….”
Sam explains his life story. The ins and outs of their terrifying life. He shows Dean pictures of their family. Mary Winchester with blonde hair and pale skin, more like a doll than a fighter.
Something in Dean’s brain shuts down, unable to process Cas’s words. It’s all too much, this day has been a rollercoaster of emotional turmoil, and this seems to be the final straw. Dean tries to form words, but what do you even say to that? How do you respond to someone saying you are a better person than god? An angel, fallen or not, putting to above their own creator?
“Yes, of course.”
Dean drifts in the depths of his mind and finds that he hates it there.
“Yeah, I know kid it's weird isn't it?” Dean rests his hand lightly on Jack's back and snorts. Sam had found a onesie at the store with ‘Daddy’s Little Angel’ plastered across the front and tiny wings sewn onto the back. “Apparently it helps your shoulders and neck, though, so you’ll have to suffer for a while.”
It’s an expression that says, if Cas had a heaven, this would be
Dean stands in front of the mirror. Green eyes and tan skin, hair that used to be blonde, probably still is in some lights. Freckles dotted across his nose.
It grounds something in Dean, a piece of him that had been set adrift without Cas to keep him steady.
Jack, for what it’s worth, is completely ignoring them. He’s gumming at Cas’s tie in a way that means he’s gonna start crying if they don’t give him a bottle within five minutes.
Then all at once, reality crashes over him and he launches himself forward, fingers grazing the edge of his sleeve before the floor drops out from under him and he awakes with a gasp on his bed, already reaching out for Jack.
It was suddenly hard to focus on anything else besides that faint curl of Cas’s lips. It’s hard to imagine where this all started, how much effort it used to take to get Cas to smile, to laugh along with his jokes. And now, while it wasn't done as freely as Sam or Dean, it’s common. But, it never fails to settle over Dean like a warm blanket and make his whole day brighter.
. But he can’t remember what the feeling is called.
“I love you.”
He looks at a loss, shifting back and forth as if he isn’t sure how to proceed. Dean lets him, cracking one eye open to watch.
Cas watches with a blank expression as Dean carefully sits on the floor, his knees aching in protest. Dean pats the floor next to him before moving to place Jack face down on the carpet, rearranging his hands so that he could rest his head on them. Cas stiffly folds his legs underneath him as well, his knees knocking into Dean’s lightly.
Dead.
Dean finally falls asleep curled around Jack and the trenchcoat, his own hand covering Jacks where it was connected to the coat.
Cas is looking at him in a way that makes Dean pause and suck in a breath. It was the same look he had given Dean in the kitchen last night as Dean taught him how to make a bottle for the first time. The same look he had given while Dean was making breakfast. The same look that he was giving Dean as Dean told him to
“She has a lot of experience with kids. I'd like to get some of her opinions on the books I’ve read so far.” Cas continues. It’s a testament to how much Jack's crying had affected him, that he doesn’t notice Dean's inner turmoil.
It’s easier to just pretend that this is real. That Dean can have this, that everything is okay and his family is safe in the bunker. That he isn’t locked inside his mind, that his body isn’t killing hundreds of people, piloted by the most dangerous being on the planet
Sam is smiling at him and somehow, Dean doesn't like that much more than he does the voice.
Dean can't breathe. He takes shuttering, gulping breaths as he kneels besides Cas’s body, but his head still swims and hands still shake as they reach toward his face. It's still warm, his stubble bristling against Dean's fingers and for a moment Dean pretends.
“It’s his grace,” Cas was still in awe, letting his fingers run through shadowy feathers again. It leaves a trail of light this time, a comet across pitch black skies. “It recognizes mine, from the time the two merged.”
Dean leans down to press kiss to the crown of Jack’s head, feels the wings stretch out in contentment before settling back into their folded position, like a cat pushing into an owner's hand. Each wing is about a foot and a half long and he knows from experience that the longer he sits here the more solid they will get.
It's all he can focus on, smiling at him, the light of the phone booth turning the rest of his face a deep purple. It could be mistaken for a bruise if you didn't look carefully enough.
“Do it.” Dean Winchester doesn’t beg, but this is close enough. It holds the same weight. Begging, praying, it’s all the same and right now Dean prays. He prays to the only person he has ever known to answer, that Sam will do it. “It’s all you.”
Dean kisses Melissa as a last resort, a quick brush of lips that has his gut rolling. It’s wrong in a way that Dean can’t describe. His hand curls around her waist, and it’s too soft, not soft enough. Her hair is too long, too straight, too light. The two images war in his mind, what he wants and what his soul is telling him to want overlapping until he can’t bear it.
Jack has always woken up strangely for a baby, no outward sign that he was really awake besides his eyes, flickering open and focusing on whoever was closest at the time. Usually Dean.
Jack seems content in his bath, up until the moment they pull him out, the cold air raising goosebumps along his skin. Dean tries to wrap him in the towel as quickly as possible, but it isn't quick enough.
“You don't get to Han Solo me, buddy.” Dean says before leaning back in for another peck. “Say it back.”
It’s nothing more than a press of lips, definitely not Dean’s best work, but it's with Cas. Far from perfect, with Jack still between the two and in some dark alley in some shithole town and his asshole brother trying to be quiet as he slips into the car behind them. But Dean honestly couldn't care less.
The pain has lessened since Cas had returned. Even with the few hours that it had been, the looming pit of emptiness has started to heal, but it still stung. To see the two of them together, looking like a real family, made Dean ache in an entirely new way.
Dean doesn’t want to hurt Sam. Even like this, halfway to damnation, pushing the boulder up the hill just to have it roll back down, Dean doesn't know if he’d truly be able to hurt Sam.
“Because it is.” Cas makes sure to catch Dean’s flickering gaze. Blue meets green and Dean feels the earth drop away from his feet. “I love you, Dean.”
Finally the epilogue! I’ve been writing this for weeks and it kept getting longer and longer so I decided to just make it into a series.
“Here,” Dean starts and grabs Cas’s arm. “Hold your arms like this okay, you need to remember to support his head, he can only hold it up by himself for a little bit.” Cas gives him a wide eyed look but lets Dean position his arms properly.
Cas is leaning against the counter with an expression Dean can’t even begin to process on his face. He’s looking at Dean the same way Dean was looking at
He didn’t know that before they told him. Or maybe he did and he just can’t remember it.
“You’re nothing but a cheap imitation.” Dean throws back, as he lunges around the table, away from the thing that looks like Cas. It’s true. This is nothing but a mirror image of Cas, almost right, but not perfect.
He should have been there. Him and Sam could have saved Missouri, together they could have all made it out alive. It could have been the win they needed after such a long run of losses. Because, more than anything, Dean wants to win something. To go into a fight and come out the otherside without losing everything that's important to him.
Sam was still giving him a dumbfounded look, eyes flickering between Jack and Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean absently wonders how long it has been for him. Nothing exists in the empty, but time still passes in a strange way. Years could pass here in less than a second of earth time, milliseconds can equal days. It's unequal, happening in leaps and bounds before slowing to a crawl, like it forgets it’s supposed to exist at all.
It’s wrong. It’s not the
Sam leaves him alone in the bathroom, shuts the door softly behind him and immediately picks up a hushed conversation with Rowena.
Cas deserves to know that he is loved. That Dean would do anything for him, because he would. He would do anything to keep Cas safe and keep their family together and to make sure that they made it out of whatever situation whole. He would do anything, say anything to make sure that Cas keeps smiling at him, keeps telling him that he loves him, and Cas deserves to know this.
Dean has to pause when he ties the first slip of fabric around Cas’s feet. The finality of it strikes him and his entire body curls in on itself. He has to grip the table, face turned to bury his nose in the newborn's hair. This may be the last time he ever sees him; there's no coming back from a full salt and burn.
“Good.” He says when he finally manages to pull away.
“Okay.” Dean sighs and pushes off his chair. Jack quiets at the sound of his voice and Dean watches as his eyes attempt to focus on Dean. “Okay, let's get you some food.”
But it’s not just that.
“We should probably hurry, he is getting hungry.” Cas says, dipping his hand back in the water to make sure it was still the proper temperature. Dean squints at him and Jack both, looking for the normal signs that Jack was going to start crying soon. He would usually start to clench his fists, turn his mouth towards the things near him, or chew on his own hands, but none of that was happening now.
But none of that really prepares you for the real deal.
Sam can’t be a monster because he’ll always be that tiny kid, curled into a playpen, tucked into the corner of a motel room. And, Dean can’t be a monster because Sam will always idolize him. The grander than life big brother who protects him from the monsters under his bed.
Dean from that far away, let alone focus on him. He sets his bag next to the baby and watches as is his hand flail and grasp at the straps. He looks so tiny on that bed, dwarfed by everything around him, vulnerable in a way that makes Dean’s chest tight.
He doesn't get to ease into wakefulness today, instead he wakes up abruptly, Jack’s hand smacking him in the face. At the very least, he wasn't crying, just looking at Dean with narrowed golden eyes. Cas is sitting stiffy besides them, one hand on Jack’s back still.
This wasn't something he could drink or fuck away, though he had tried. God, he had
“Did you want me to take the bottle to the kitchen?” He doesn't wait for an answer, reaching out to grab the bottle.
“Let me take Jack for a while.” Dean whips his head to the side, his eyes narrowed, but Sam is just staring at him with a firm look. “I can take care of him for a day or two, you can get away for awhile, maybe visit that bar.”
For a moment, Dean sits on the chair and watches the baby. He squirms on the bed, hands grasping the air and making that strange cooing noise that Dean assumes means he’s content.
However, when the grace finally flows through him, he can feel nothing but pain.
The drive takes two hours. Two hours of silence, no music, just the sounds of his own harsh breathing.
All inky blackness, so dark you can’t tell where the floor ends and the sky starts. So dark that it all turns into one uniform smear. It’s so close to the gaps in his memory, drowning in the absence of everything until Michael took pity on him and pushed him into a new memory.
“I’m me.” Dean’s voice is like gravel, tears springing unbidden into his eyes. “How can I prove it's me?” Cas doesn't say anything, just continues to search Dean’s face. Dean can taste his blood on his tongue.
“So a ghoul then, or a particularly fucked up shapeshifter.” The two of them were completely ignoring Dean’s sputtering now. He looks back at Cas for backup, only to see him smiling softly at Claire.
Sam has long since gone to bed and still, Jack presses close to Dean’s side, as close as Dean will let him.
Being cured is pure pain just as much as it is relief.
“Dean, I can stay in my room if you’d prefer.” Dean tries to ignore the disappointed tone, but warmth blooms in his chest all the same. Part of Dean wants to agree with him, send him away so he doesn't even get the chance to see Dean like that.
“God, I need a drink.” Dean freezes as the words leave his mouth. Sam looks stunned and takes a staggered step back.
He misses him.
The process of burping him was unnerving as well, Dean worrying he wasn't patting hard enough or too hard. Jack is so small that he seems dwarfed by Dean’s hand, spanning nearly the entire length of his back.
Dean tugs the couch as close as possible to Jack’s bed. Not that he actually uses it that much that night.
Something’s lost, broken, missing, he just doesn’t know, but it gets under his skin, sets him on edge in a way he doesn’t like to think about for long. He feels hollow. Dean hasn’t been able to settle since they returned.
Dean notices the trench coat at the foot of the bed, right where it had been the night before. He drags it closer.
He calls out for Cas, watching as he takes a step closer, the purple light shifting to the pale glow of a fire, growing from his black shoes, up the length of his trenchcoat. It flickers warmly over Dean’s face and, even as a siren calls out from somewhere, Dean can't look away. His eyes are glued to the pyre, gold and burning.
He finds himself lost in the details, small scrapes and scuffs that Cas didn't bother fixing, a button nearly falling off, a smudge of paint along the cuff. But eventually his eyes are drawn to the hole where a silver knife had ended one of the last truly good things in his life.
Dean then let’s one hand run gently along soft brown spikes of hair, careful of the soft spot, and curls the other behind his head.
But still, she has the power to drag him around like a dog on a leash, digging her claws deeper and deeper until she’s all he can think about.
“And Cast—Cas is my best friend.” Dean stutters over the words. They’re not right. Sit completely wrong on his tongue.
seen Sam in Jack’s place. The boy with demon blood, Lucifer’s pawn, the world coming after him because of something he can’t control.
“Claire looks like you.” Cas says matter of factly, as if he didn't make the bottom of Dean’s stomach drop out. “She acts like you, too. It’s why I encouraged
“Cas.” Dean wills his hands not to shake as he pulls a onesie over Jack’s head, doesn’t look up as Cas finally pauses in his pacing to look at him. He can’t meet his eyes, he won’t be able to get through this if he does. Dean opens his mouth again, but nothing comes out, his throat clicking painfully.
For a heartstopping moment he thinks he's still dreaming, but then Cas reaches out a hand and lets it rest on Dean’s cheek. Dean leans into it, brings his own hand up to keep it there, turns just enough that he can feel the flutter of Cas’s pulse against his lips.
“You do realize Jack is only two months old right?” Sam raises his eyebrow with a know-it-all smirk but Dean can still see the smile in his eyes. That almost makes all of this worth it. He hasn't seen Sam smile like that in a long time. Since Eileen probably. “But sure he’s the one that needs to go sightseeing.”
He wasn't a stranger to pain. It comes with the life they live, gunshots, and stab wounds and claws tearing so deep into your flesh that you dread the moment the adrenaline fades. When all of that pain comes welling to the surface.
Dean secretly wonders if it will always be like this. If the sense of something waiting in the wings to snatch this from him will ever leave. If they’ll ever stop clutching and clinging like the other will disappear in a puff of smoke. Like a child hanging onto the fading memory of a dream.
The image slips out of his mind as soon as he pictures it, but it leaves a desperate sense of longing in its place.
When it’s all said and done, they're sitting around a shitty motel coffee table and it’s as if nothing has changed. But it has.
Claire doesn't even pause as she brushes past him, making a beeline to where Cas is sitting.
“Dean.” Cas reaches out and snags his wrist.
Dean was a big boy and he didn't pout when he didn't get to put his kid in a cowboy hat.
Cas tilts his head, looking between Jack and Dean curiously. For a beat, Dean thinks that Cas is going to try to continue the conversation from the kitchen, to drop another bomb and upend his frame of mind for what would this be? The third time in twenty four hours? But instead he reaches out to lay his hand on Jack's back.
It sends another flare of pain through his shoulder, as if it was warning him.
This was originally supposed to be a really short sequel for the original fic and is slowly morphing into a whole fic in its own right.
“No way, not gonna happen.”
Thank you all for reading!
He doesn't bother with the wrap that he had snuck into his bag before they left, it wasn't worth it to put it on when Jack would hopefully fall asleep during his feeding. Then, Dean could get a drink and maybe try to sleep a couple hours.
Who knew how close the angels were, or if they were even following them in the first place. No doubt the demons already know and without Crowley keeping them in line…. Their only saving grace is that Lucifer is gone as well; the demons will be in disarray until they find a new leader.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, buries his face in Jack’s hair.
He dodges her hand and swipes a knife close enough that a line of red wells up along her arm.
Castiel.
Part of Dean worries that he’ll lose the closeness he has with Jack, that splitting the work with Cas will somehow entirely remove him from the equation. He has to take a calming breath, remind himself that it’s a ridiculous thought to have.
He can't find it in himself to hate Jack. Even though Cas wasn't here because he wanted to protect the baby, it wasn't Jacks fault. Everytime Dean looks at him he sees what he's lost, the life he wants. But he also sees Cas himself in the baby. In his eyes, in some of his early mannerisms. Cas lives on through Jack.
Dean clears his throat and shifts uncomfortably. “Cas, I really don't want this to become another chick flick moment I think we’ve had enough of those the-”
Jack stares up at him, his eyes seeming more and more intelligent as the days pass. Once he starts talking to him it's as if the dam breaks, words spilling out like a prayer.
“I’ll go with you, maybe you can make breakfast for you and Sam.”
Cas nods, blue eyes scanning Dean’s face with the same squinty eyed looks that he uses when Dean says something particularly confusing. He finally let’s go of Dean's wrist, scooping up the dirty bottle before he could grab it and escape the conversation.
But, he still knows a lot more than Sam does.
“You’re good with him.” Cas comments as Dean starts to dress Jack, warming his feet between his hand before sliding his socks on. Dean can barely hear him over the high pitch cries, still worrying that Jack would let out one of his infamous sonic blasts, but it makes him look up all the same.
He could leave, but he doesn't want to. He doesn't want to constantly be coming and going, throwing the responsibility of Jack onto Cas and Sam and anyone in the vicinity. Jack was
could use that against him if he wanted to. It was too much. It wasn't enough. It was
At one point Cas mentions wanting to start a garden, and Dean begins making a to-to list in his head.
Dean can see Cas’s eyes go wide as she stomps closer and closer, until she digs her finger into his chest.
He can hear the shuffling as he finally manages to guide Jack’s other arm through the pajama sleeve and quickly zips it up. He turns to hand Jack back to Cas so he could get dressed for bed but quickly pauses.
Why was he frustrated?
“Yeah,” Dean's voice is soft, nearly drowned out by the sound of food cooking. “Surprisingly, he was even smaller when he was born, I think when we finally got around to weighing him he was 5 pounds 12 ounces.”
His name is Dean. The tall one is Sam, his brother apparently. The woman is Rowena, Sam spits out her name like a curse.
Screaming does nothing. Anger and resentment do nothing to tempt Michael inward, just leaves faint traces of laughter throughout Dean’s mind. Michael finds enjoyment in Dean’s silly little human emotions and it never fails to drive him insane.
take care of Jack. Barely let them hold him for more than a handful of minutes at a time. But too many of those cut too close to the core of it. They would expose things that Dean could never come back from.
“If we talk about this,” Dean closes his eyes and starts swaying back and forth, trying to calm Jack in any way he can. “Once there are strings attached, I'm going to fuck this up.” He admits. Revealing that he had loved someone had never worked out for him. People die when the Winchesters love them. Look at Bobby, at Charlie, at Sam, at Dean himself. He would fuck this up one way or another, someone would get hurt. Probably Cas, in his experience.
“You didn't tell me you two were connected.” Cas moves closer to Dean, cautious. He doesn't look angry anymore at least.
There is something about the night that makes things seem hazy. Like what you say and do don’t quite matter like they do in the daylight. The daylight exposes too much, gives another layer to vulnerability that Dean can’t afford to lose.
. He’s scared of what he has to say, scared of how Dean will take it. Cas who walked into fights with a calm demeanor that would terrify enemies. Cas who met the forces of purgatory with nothing more than a glare. Cas who marched toward his own death more than once with nothing more than a shrug, as if to say
The image is missing something. A spill of color along black feathers, iridescent rings, blinding grace shining out from hundreds of eyes. He’s not human,
Instead, Sam walks over to the couch and sits at the end, nearly on top of Dean’s feet, and lets his head fall back.
He claimed Jack couldn't be without him, but in all honesty,
Cas looked up at him almost surprised.
Whatever Sam’s motives were, it didn’t stop Dean from wanting to punch him.
“Please, just stay. For good this time.”
“Dude, a bank robbery by Dave Mathers.” Dean whispers showing the computer to Cas excitedly. “He’s been dead for like a hundred years!” Cas gives the computer a withering look and instead turns back to Jack who is gumming at his hand without a care in the world.
“You’re okay.” Dean let’s Cas’s voice wash over him. Jack is still crying and Dean finally releases Cas’s hand in order to grab him. “It was just a dream.”
Dean got Cas back
Dean places his hand on the back of Jack’s head and pushes himself into a sitting position. Cas is looking at him, that same intense stare from the night before, as if he’s expecting Dean to suddenly get it.
For one, unlike Sam or Bobby John, he very quickly falls asleep once he has the bottle in his mouth. Dean lets his fingers graze the baby's cheek and the hand that wraps around his own in an effort to keep him awake. He has to make sure to burp him afterwards and more often than not he would end up with baby puke on some part of him.
Every other universe, every other world, Cas listened, he deposited Dean back into his body and left. He followed his orders, never strayed from the plan. But not this Cas, not Dean’s Cas. He had chosen to leave a permanent mark, left a little bit of his grace with Dean and it changed the course of history.
It's a test of his patience each time, the process taking anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour. By the end of this round he can feel the world blurring a little around the edges, telling him that he’s been awake for far too long.
“A case.” Dean replies, raising an eyebrow at Sam’s confused look. “A ghost, I think. A man was killed by his dead wife according to neighbors.”
“Lets go to sleep.”
A part of Dean, something he can't name, aches and wants to go home. Dean didn't have a home for so long, but he feels like he had finally managed to make one. In Cas, in Sam, in Charlie, in Mary, in this family he has built and one by one he has to watch them burn like every other home he’s had before.
Sam pours the gasoline and the salt. Dean’s hands shake too much for him to hold anything but he cups the back of Jack's head through the wrap’s fabric. When he looks at him his eyes are open and bright, shining gold as he stares at the bodies. Dean has a feeling the baby is smarter than they know. It's as if he knows what's happening.
Cas…. Blue eyes and dark hair, a hand on his shoulder, filling him with an indescribable warmth, a deep baritone that he wanted to press closer to. He can’t remember who Cas is (he can’t even remember who
Dean lets out a sound like a wounded animal and buries his face in Jack’s hair.
Sam hands him the phone filled with faces he already can’t remember. But Cas sits at the forefront. His eyes
The bunker still needs to be child proofed, who knew when Jack would start crawling, and they couldn’t leave swords and spells and herbs laying around.
His only company is the baby's soft puffs of air against his chest and the slowly cooling body of his best friend.
Cas carefully pulls Jack from Dean’s hands and Dean notices how much steadier his hands are already as he leans him against his shoulder, a hand on Jack’s back to steady him. He’s already falling into his role of dad and caretaker quickly.
Jack is a newborn now, but he won’t be for long. It’s good to be close to your kids, and Dean is planning on sticking around for as long as Jack will let him, but he can’t keep going the way that he has. It was evident in the worried looks Sam constantly threw his way and now it’s even more noticeable in glances Cas gives him.
Then the phone rings.
Dean walks over to Jack’s dresser and pulls out a sleeper, socks, and a clean onesie. It was cold enough in the bunker that they had to dress him in layers along with whatever blanket was in the bassinet and Cas’s trench coat. He tosses them onto the bed and turns to grab Jack.
Just saying it brings to light feelings that should be connected to memories, but there is nothing. Nothing but the searing heat of a place that brings goosebumps to his skin. The warmth of being lifted from there, being enclosed in wings that shimmered and shifted when he touched them. Nothing but pain and anguish and happiness and a feeling he can’t name mixed together until it’s nearly indistinguishable.
But a part of Dean recognizes Jack.
My main blog is
It had been two weeks since his breakdown in the nursery and it still aches when he thinks about it. Like poking a bruise.
Being this close to Cas is pain and it’s beauty and it’s want curling in his gut. Especially as Cas pulls impossibly closer until Dean can feel the dig of his buttons into his back. It’s like flying too close to the sun, but still needing to press closer, knowing that you’ll fall and soaring anyway.
Dean smiles as he drinks in the sight in front of him. Can’t help but sigh as Cas locks eyes with him, relief flooding through his veins, because Cas made it.
Maybe it’s Sam implying he can’t care for Jack, maybe it’s Dean
“I don't think-” Claire punches Cas in the arm and Dean can see the way he rolls with the blow to keep her from hurting herself. Then, she unceremoniously throws herself into Cas’s arms. It's only for a moment before pushing away abruptly and turning her sights on Dean. As if she moved quick enough no one would ever be able to tell it happened.
But he doesn’t. Cas just presses him closer, a solid line of heat along his entire body. His arms are strong, Dean has seen them lift thousands of pounds, he’s seen them cradle a broken bird with a tenderness even Dean couldn't match.
For long periods in time, Dean floats untethered in the black abyss of his mind, Michael giving up his attempt to subdue him with memories.
Dean doesn’t completely let go of Cas. He lets his hands slip down to the small of his back to guide him through the doorway and into the kitchen.
Dean wants to kiss him and is suddenly struck dumb by the realization that he
“What? Come on. That was funny!”
Jack was currently laying on his thighs, one of Dean’s fingers gripped tightly in one hand as he slept while Dean searched through the news on his phone with his other hand.
“No, get Jody to do it, I'm not leaving.”
Cas still isn't moving, his attention solely on Dean now. Dean hasn't looked away, can't bring himself to. If he looks away Cas will vanish in a flutter of wings or a burst of light. Or Dean will wake up alone in the bunker, in his bed with no one but Jack for company.
“God may be an absent father. But you, Dean, have always been a better person than him, more worthy of praise,” Cas swallows harshly, as if debating his next words. “Of worship.”
A whole night in an empty room, no steady rush of breath from the bassinet, no crying to wake him up from whatever nightmare has taken over that night, no fluttering heartbeat as he rests Jack on top of his own chest. The thought alone is making him freeze up as he slips one of Jack’s feet into the sleeper.
He knows the pull memories have. Mary, as strong as she was, had almost been lost to them before.
This chapter somehow ended up being almost twice as long as all my regular chapters :wheeze:
Cas whispers “it’s over” into his ear, and Dean can do nothing more than lean farther into his hand.
to make it stop, to get the ants out from under his skin.
“My name is Dean Win—” Already his last name has slipped through his grasp. He looks curiously at himself in the mirror. There was something else he was supposed to remember. He can hear voices behind the door, rising into a crescendo. What was the room he was in?
Cas is trailing him through the halls of the bunker, Jack’s tiny form in one arm and the other wrapped around a bottle. He’s looking around, categorizing the changes, the sudden cleanliness of the halls and walkways.
Finally, Sam wanders in, his hair pulled into that dumbass little bun that makes Dean want to take a pair of clippers to it and a towel slung around his shoulders. He places his laptop on the table next to Cas, leaning down to give Jack a kiss on the forehead.
Or maybe it’s just because he’s paying more attention to Cas. He hasn’t really been able to look away from him since he got back, too scared of looking back only to find that he’s gone.
“Guess we better get dressed, since we're having company.”
It's perfect, better than Dean could ever imagine.
Dean keeps Jack cradled in one arm as he goes about making a bottle.
“I’ll watch you this time, so I’ll know for next time.”
There had never been a flash of light, never been the supernova of a dying angel, but Dean could see it now. He could imagine the pierce of a blade, the high pitch screech of grace burning away. He could picture his wings in his mind.
His own mind screams at him, a voice sounding far too much like his father mocking him for his weakness. Giving in so easily, letting something like sentiment guide his decisions.
Dean makes sure to tuck a pillow on either side of Jack, those blue
It is strange, Dean knows that newborns don’t have great depth perception or focus. He shouldn’t even be able to
“Let. Me. Out.”
Friend. Friend was the wrong term, even best friend didn’t sit right. The feeling in Dean’s chest was heavier than that. He needed a more important word than just
Dean grabs the sheets from the bed.
. He doesn't know how to make this better.
However this time, Jack is laying in the middle of the bed, his stuffed moose next to him, as Cas walks slowly around the room, just taking it in. Dean can hear the notes of Ramble On floating around, and realizes with a start that Cas was playing his mixtape.
It's the same feeling of fear that keeps him awake this time as well. Fear that, even with the promise, he will wake up and Cas will be gone, disappearing into the night to deal with his anger.
But he is an angel and he only
And none of it matters anyway as Cas slides his hand up farther, lines it up with the handprint, and all the fight goes out of Dean at once. All the warring feelings disappear, just for a moment, and Dean can breath.
This chapter is only out on time because my friend Ds9 bullied me into finishing it yesterday, so a big fuck you (affectionate 💛) to her.
And finally:
The memories aren’t enough, they’re nothing compared to the solid presence of Sam and Cas and Jack and the rest of his family. The memories are nothing more than a consolation prize, meant to tide Dean over until Michael’s plan is said and done.
Dean doesn't know how long he’s been there when he finally pulls himself together, but Jack is still screaming somewhere down the hall and his face feels stiff with drying tears. His entire body aches as he pushes himself off the floor, but the pain is distant in his mind now.
It wasn’t just a dream.
“Uh, yeah.” Dean started placing his phone on his chest and letting Jack grip his other hand as well. He was worried that one of these days the kid's super strength would kick in and he'd lose a couple fingers. “One of us has to.”
Dean can feel the rage rise like bile in his throat. It's animalistic, inhuman; it takes another chunk of his soul with it. It sends Dean skidding farther down the mountain, tumbling farther and farther away from the human he used to be.
“Is that the squirt?” Claire asks. Dean nods, opening his mouth to reply, and Jack choses that moment to turn his face into Dean’s neck and puke, letting out a small wail in surprise.
Blue eyes and black hair that sticks up in wild tufts, like he couldn’t be bothered to fix it. Hands that have healed Dean, that have hurt him and then cradled his face so tenderly.
It's always blue eyes.
“Dean, it is obviously making you uncomfortable-”
A kissing curse, a witchy std, a Qareen. You’re deepest desire, what a joke.
That prize goes to Dean and Dean only.
Dean’s entire world has changed in one moment. Cas isn’t here. Mary isn't here. Crowley isn’t here. Half of their little family taken out at once, some of them not even leaving a body, no proof that they were even here at all. And all of it for the boy who sits next to him.
Jack wakes up screaming at night and Sam tries to help but there isn’t much he can do when Dean sleeps in the same room. He‘ll wander in only to be sent back out, leaving Dean even more sleep deprived and exhausted, clutching a screaming baby to his chest.
So, he wanders the darkness looking for him. Dean follows the tug in his shoulder and lets it guide him home.
Dean prowls the bunker like the predator, the monster, he is. He hunts down his brother like an animal, because he will do
something he could have.
grace. There’s no cooling presence, no warmth or familiarity. It’s the startlingly cold grace of a stranger, and it rebels against the tie that’s been keeping Dean sane. It sets his teeth on edge.
“Yeah tummy time,” Dean starts to lead Cas back to the library, Jack over his shoulder, no doubt peering curiously at Cas as they walk. The kid's gaze is downright eerie sometimes. “It helps with his shoulder and neck strength, plus it gives him room to spread his wings if he wants to.”
. But there is something stuck in his throat that burns like a brand and Cas’s face blurs. “Stay.” The words continue to spill out of his mouth like a confession.
“Okay.” He finally relents. Turning around to continue cleaning up the kitchen.
you to stay. I can’t do this without you. I don't want to do this by myself and-” Dean shuts his eyes and turns his face into Cas’s palm, he can't think about the look on Cas’s face. The way his mouth softens, pulls into the smallest smile. The tears that gather in his eyes.
Cas looks away as if he has something to hide, but Dean can feel the prickle of his gaze on the back of his neck when he’s turned away. Even that is wrong, it doesn’t carry the same weight as it should.
Regret and shame crawl to the forefront of his mind and with it, a sense of panic that has him struggling against his bounds. It’s a tug that starts at his shoulder and travels all the way through his chest and he wants to scream. Dean will do anything to make it stop.
to feel like this.
Cas’s face is still pinched, uncomfortable, for the first time since he’s started to get used to Jack’s presence.
Cas is capable of taking care of a baby, Dean knew this. Not only had he been alive for millions of years, but he had taken care of a baby before, read all those parenting books, and prepared himself for a life of raising Jack alone.
It’s a comfortable routine he has, a methodical process that doesn’t take much thought besides making sure he adds the right amount of scoops (one for every two ounces of water) and making sure the water doesn’t burn his skin(he tips the bottle onto the inside of his wrist). He’d done this since he was four, almost five, did it again with Bobby John for a couple days, has been doing it for the past two months.
Cas looks at Dean as if the answer should be obvious. Dean looks back stubbornly, his brain refusing to connect the dots even if there is just one obvious choice.
The transition into a demon isn’t a smooth one either. It happens in leaps and bounds, indescribable pain like being burned alive slowly. Like slipping down the side of a mountain, clinging to every handhold you can as if it’ll stop you. Like sitting in a hospital as your heart stutters and stops and starts again in your chest, your father nowhere to be found, ignoring your calls. Like the burn in your lungs when you're trapped in a coffin six feet down. It's being consumed in the worst way possible.
He looks back in the mirror. His eyes were green. He has freckles.
Dean doesn’t know if it’s Amara.
Dean opens his eyes, vibrant green meeting shining golden. Sometimes he forgets that Jack is not completely human, that he’s something more than his newborn exterior shows.
Him and Sam switch off on driving in six hour shifts. Dean doesn’t sleep for long when it's Sam’s turn to drive. When he closes his eyes he sees flames, blood soaked grass, silver peaking through a white shirt. He doesn't cry.
Claire turns away from Cas, but lets Jack keep her fingers, and narrows her eyes at Dean.
Who was Dean that he deserved an angel watching out for him?
Michael knows what he’s doing. He knows what memories to pick, the exact right way to line them up that has Dean sinking into memories so sweet that he doesn’t want to leave.
He knows what those signs point to. Knows how the dots would connect in Cas’s mind and he’s not wrong per-say, but Dean can’t talk about it.
Plus if Cas goes he’s taking Jack with him, it would only make sense. Only one of them needs sleep.
The words ring in Dean’s ears still, a mantra of
It's dangerous to love a Winchester and it’s even more dangerous to admit that love. To have it out in the open where anyone can take it and use it for their own gain, for their own means. To have that love twisted and warped by the people who observe it. It’s not just dangerous, its down right stupid.
Dean has been naked in front of a lot of people, slept around more times than he cared to keep track of, he even pantsed himself to get out of trouble once, the whole nine yards. It wasn't even that Cas was a guy because that was something he had (mostly) gotten over years ago.
Dean will protect him, he’ll keep the angels and demons away from him, he’ll make sure that they make it back to the bunker, where they can tuck him away. Because losing Jack would be the final straw. The final failure in a long list. It would mean that Dean let Cas down
Claire finally reaches out and traces a single finger down the back of Jack’s hand. Dean can see how much she's holding herself back, from anger or grief or some other sadness he’s not sure. But, he's seen that look in her eyes before, sees it every time he looks in the mirror.
The trek upstairs feels as if it takes a lifetime. The silence is telling. There are no more screams or grunts, no yelling or fighting.
He wasn't pouting, he
Main blog is @sickandtiredofyourshit
Dean can't bring himself to talk, mouth opening and closing but nothing comes out. Sam keeps looking at him that same guarded look in his eyes that he got every time their dad was upset. It makes Dean want to scream, and rage and punch something until his knuckles crack and bleed.
“Why would I want that?” Dean insists. Cas’s eyes look wild. They look haunted, like he felt every one of his couple million years in that room right there, pressing down on him at once. It's the same look that he had while he talked about his brief stint as a god, about the terror and destruction he reigned down on heaven. The same look he gave Dean while telling him he couldn't live with the guilt.
Before he placed the sheet over Cas’s head for the final time he once again leaned over, pushing Cas’s hair away from his eyes.
Castiel. Sam had said his name was Castiel, but they call him Cas. Cas was important to Dean. He can tell just by the lingering feeling saying his name sends through Dean’s bones. The shiver down his spine when he thinks of soft hands that he can’t even properly remember.
The closer they crawled to the cage, the colder it got, their breath puffing out clouds into the air around them. The boom of Lucifer's voice was ear piercing, the light of Cas’s grace so bright that at times Dean couldn’t see past him.
He wonders why he isn’t here now, helping him. Maybe if he was able to call his name, he’d appear suddenly. But his name is gone, like everything else.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean doesn’t beg. Dean will
people.” Cas leans over Dean catching his gaze and holding it. “Not rewrites of some sordid past.”
Dean wasn't going to be the kind of dad who's always leaving, even if it means he has to put serious hunting on the backburner for now. Maybe once Jack gets a bit older he can start going on day trips, but not now. Not when Jack needs him to be here.
him, and he thought he couldn't have him. It was a horrifying mirror of everything Dean had felt, two people who think they can't have what they want with each other because they never learned how to communicate properly.
Dean lets his fingers run through feathers that aren't there, downy puffs that fill him with warmth. He lets the brush of feathers and the sharp tingle of something altogether inhuman ground him. It's a flush of energy that burns at the same time that it soothes.
Although Sam bats his hand away, his eyes stay glued to where Kelly’s body lays prone on the bed.
and they're already fighting again. The thought scares Dean. A nearly forgotten conversation ringing in his head like a fucking gunshot.
Maybe that’s why he says what he does.
“To an extent, yes.” Cas sounds slightly exasperated watching Dean’s movements as he systematically cleans the baby. “He did share his grace with me at some point, I guess it formed an imprint of sorts.” He tilts his head curiously. “Not much is known of the Nephilim.” He finishes, as if it explained everything.
Cas tilts his head, brows furrowing.
Instead, Dean curls up on his side as Cas leans back against the headboard. He buries his face in Cas’s hip, squishes the still bawling baby between Dean’s chest and his thigh.
Claire cringes, taking a step back and Dean just sighs, waving for Sam to throw him one of the numerous burping rags lying around. He makes sure to clean up Jack’s face first, the outfit they had dressed him in a lost cause.
“We need to stay calm from now on, this much stress isn't good for him.” Dean continues to nod, his face buried in Jack’s hair, humming Hey Jude quietly.
sitting criss cross on his side, Jack laying out in front of him in just a diaper. He has a small pile of baby clothes next to him and there’s a dirty bottle on the bedside table. Cas is looking between the clothes with a sigh, continuing to shush a babbling Jack.
He reaches up and lets his fingers brush against Cas’s cheek, watches as Cas leans into the motion, eyes fluttering shut.
He shows Dean exactly what he means by his words. Images racing by of the “plan” put in place by god. Cas was never meant to mark him. It wasn’t a price to pay to get him out of hell, it was nothing more than a moment of weakness. It was Cas’s first glimpse of freedom, the first order disobeyed.
“He doesn’t do much does he.”
Dean instinctively jerks away, turning until the handprint is pressed into the couch. Jack gives him another curious look, but let’s his hand fall back to his knee.
“Of course, Dean.” As simple as that, Cas seems to act as if everything was okay, as if he didn't just pull the rug out from under Dean’s feet. He walks up to Dean and pulls Jack away gently, pressing the baby’s face into his shoulder and humming under his breath.
This never should have happened.
Dean cups Cas’s face, his eyes glued to the sky blue ones before him. He feels the warmth of his cheek and the scrape of stubble against his palm.
Dean only prays to one person.
“This was never written, it’s nothing more than an abomination.” Rage pours into Dean’s mind, and he can't tell if it’s his or Michael’s. The two mix and meld in his head creating a confusing rush of emotion that makes him nearly nauseous. “It is a stain on your soul.” As if anything of Cas could be dirty, as if any part of him could be evil.
“Yeah he’s grown quite a bit.” Dean looks back up at Cas. “Like a weed….” His voice trails off at Cas’s steady gaze. He’s looking at Dean with open affection and it's enough to make him blush to the roots of his hair, and he quickly pulls away to finish breakfast.
“What makes you say that?” Dean asks, finally placing Jack into the tub. He sucks in a shocked breath but doesn't cry. Blue eyes flash a dangerous gold for a split second before fading once again. “He usually doesn't cry in the bath, but if he does you can put a washcloth on his chest and he’ll calm down.
While Jack never quite screams the way he did at the pyre, he is suddenly no longer a quiet baby. It seems to have awoken something in him and the only time he had quieted since was while they were driving.
“You're in a good mood this morning.” Sam remarks as Dean sets his plate on the table. He tugs it closer, not even looking away from his computer Dean notices with a grumble. “Finally manage to get the kid to sleep through the night?” Dean doesn't get a chance to answer before Cas cuts in.
Jack is awake by the time they set his carrier on the radar in the war room. He’s gazing around with that same wide eyed curiosity, like he didn't live there and see the room daily.
He finds himself at Cas’s side, watching an old western, their thighs pressed together from hip to knee. There’s laughter floating in from some other part of the bunker but Dean’s world has narrowed down to the warmth pressed into his side.
Cas lets out a laugh, tossing his head back, and Dean is tempted to lean down and bite his collarbone.
With shaking hands and shuddering breaths he takes Cas’s trench coat off and bundles it up under his head. He makes sure that Cas is as comfortable as possible before wandering off to find Sam.
Deans desperately looks him over, pulling at his jackets and flannels, looking for any sign of blood. He lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding when he doesn't see any serious injuries.
your father-with a new kid must sting.
Dean finishes up surrounded by a comfortable silence, broken only by Cas shushing Jack’s babbling whenever he begins to whine.
Cas hands Jack back to Dean while he shrugs on the trench coat and a deep part of Dean is soothed by the action. Dean nods with a smile and hands Jack back. His smile grows wider as Jack immediately scrunches his fingers into whatever parts of the trenchcoat he could reach.
The conversation with Sam still sits on the back of his mind. Like a scab he can’t help but pick at. An open wound, his nerves exposed.
“Okay, yeah let’s get some breakfast.” Dean turns again, but not before he catches the glimmer of happiness in Cas’s eye.
Sometimes, everything you’ve ever wanted can be contained in one memory, one moment in time, and Dean finds he can’t pull himself away.
“Dude, shoes off! I don't need mud and shit on my bed.” Dean exclaims. Cas solemnly places his feet back onto the floor and leans over to unlace his shoes, kicking them off in a manner that strikes Dean as so human it nearly takes his breath away.
Dean. They tell him his name is Dean.
Dean watches as Cas’s eyes fall shut. He wished he could make it better, comfort him in some way, but Dean has never been good with words and what do you even say in a situation like this?
“Does she know that….” Dean trails off nodding back to where Cas was no doubt still sitting at the table with Jack.
“Don’t you dare leave, not when you know I can't follow you.” Dean growls out. He can’t grab Cas and make him stay here. Not when he has Jack in one hand and a bottle in the other.
Dean hasn’t been able to see Cas’s wings in over a year, since they had cured him. But sometimes he felt like he could. Like there was an after image seared into the back of his eyelids.
There are a few quirks that Dean is sure most parents didn't have to deal with, like the baby’s cries crossing over into so inhumanly loud that it made his ears bleed, or a flash of what Dean assumes are wings knocking the baby powder off the changing table.
So no, Dean can’t hurt Cas. He holds the knife between them but they both know he will never use it.
What breaks Dean is when the baby’s eyes lock onto Dean and it lets out a whimper, eyes fading, turning a stunning shade of blue that Dean had only seen on one other person. Dean lets his eyes fall shut, something halfway between a laugh and a sob caught in his throat because the kid wasn't even Cas’s, why does he have his eyes?
“Yes it is.” Cas replies firmly, and continues before Dean can interrupt. “
Dean was willing to fight god to get Cas back, something like the empty isn't going to stop him either.
The anger leaves as quickly as it comes, the fight draining out of him. It leaves behind a hollow pit, and Dean teeters on the edge. He knows that if he falls he's not coming out. He had seen it in his dad, his mom, hell he had to drag Sam out of that pit kicking and screaming.
Sam lets his gear bag fall to the floor with a sigh, dragging a hand down his face.
The empty is eerily similar to the depths of his own mind.
“These songs are important to him.” Cas says startling him away from the door, but he wasn’t talking to Dean. No, he was talking to Jack. “His parents apparently bonded over Led Zeppelin, so it holds a special meaning to him.” He was explaining the mixtape to Jack, why Dean loved certain songs over others, which ones took Cas by surprise the first time he listened to it, curled up in his room. The whole conversation shakes Dean to his core. It makes him think about how well Cas knows him, how well he knows Cas in turn.
When he finally turns back, Cas is right behind him. He looks almost frumpy in the old band tee and faded sweats, his hair sticking up wildly.
“What do you mean?”
. No one else.”
They're all gathered in the War room when Claire finally arrives, flinging open the door and stomping her way down the stairs.  It reminds Dean far too much of himself where he’s perched in one of the chairs, Jack half asleep on his shoulder, seemingly unbothered by the noise.
Cas’s hand finally lines up perfectly, fingers slotting with the raised scars, palm so warm against the ball of his shoulder.
“No, Jack woke up a couple times, but I managed to take care of it.” Sam’s mouth falls open, slightly and he spins in his chair to look at Dean, who awkwardly shovels another forkful of eggs in his mouth.
“I didn't think she cared that much.” Cas confesses, he clutches Jack a little bit tighter. “I’m nothing to her,” Cas pauses sucking in a deep breath. “I'm worse than nothing, I'm the thing that stole her entire life from her.”
“You feel familiar.” His voice is light, but carries the same monotone timbre. Dean feels almost thankful, he half expected it to be the same deep tone. It would be one more thing to taunt him. “Oh!” Jack reaches out slowly until his hand hovers above the handprint.
Dean pulls away with a smile.
It doesn't take long before Jack starts to whimper quietly. His eyes screw shut and he waves his tiny fists around in a way that Dean is quickly learning means he's hungry.
Sam tucks him away in the back of the Impala like a child and laughter falls like poison from Dean’s mouth. He wants to say
It was strange to have Cas following behind him again.
I am planning another sequel for this that'll cover season 13 in more detail but I don’t know how long that will take me and I haven’t even started on the outline yet. I’ll probably take a break for a little bit and work on a different one shot before I start though.
(See the end of the chapter for
the voice in his head sounds like Chuck, it sounds like John, it sounds too much like the man Dean used to want to be.
Dean let’s his eyes fall shut, he wants to touch the handprint himself, to get rid of the feeling of Michael touching it. But, the darkness just closes around him once more.
That isn't abnormal, even throughout the day he had been in and out of his room, catching Cas in there more than once. It was where all of Jack’s necessities were.
“What?”
“Jack isn't a duck, Dean.”
Dean can’t toss up his hands because Jack is currently in them, so he settles for marching back to his dresser and pulling out two shirts and pairs of sweats. He tosses one set at Cas before setting Jack in his bassinet.
“Don’t.” Sam went silent, taking a step back at Dean’s tone.
“Dean, even if
He wants to poke and prod at Sam until he snaps. Until some of that tightly wound anger escapes him. But he doesn’t.
“Don’t.”
“You?” Dean starts, climbing to his feet with Jack clutched tightly to his chest. “Sammy, you’ve never been alone with a baby for more than five minutes, no way am I leaving you with Jack for ‘a day or two.’”
him to stay.
All of it to prevent this very thing from happening. To keep Dean from giving in to Michael, to keep Michael from destroying the world and it's happening anyway. Nine years later, and Chuck’s plan has finally come to fruition. An inevitable demise for the righteous man.
Dean has always wanted a family. Wanted someone who would stay with him, someone to take care of, someone who would take care of him in turn and he has that now. He’s made himself a little family with Sam and Jody and Donna and Alex, and now with Jack and Cas and even Claire herself. Most of it wouldn’t have happened if Cas hadn’t decided to come down to earth one September day and promptly destroy the life of Jimmy Novak.
“You-” Claire’s voice seems to almost crack and she squeezes her eyes shut for a moment before opening them in a poisonous glare once more. “You’re not allowed to die again.” She states simply, and it's all Dean can do to hold in a bark of laughter. “That’s my dad’s body you're wearing and you better take better care of it or you can find a new one.”
Dean grabs the can of paint lying on the floor and launches it with a roar at the far wall, yellow splattering like blood. His own boils in his veins and he's so, so angry.
“Yeah,” Dean does his best not to spray the eggs that he had just put in his mouth across the counter. “Jack is his kid, why wouldn't I?” Dean doesn't wait around to listen to Sam sputter out a reply instead peering over his shoulder at the laptop.
Cas had looked him in the eye, placed his hand over the handprint, covered as it was by layers of fabric and told him that he loved him. He
When he gets back to the Impala, Jack is absolutely screaming, tears running down his tiny face, beanie askew on his head. Sam is looking at him as if he was a bomb ready to go off at any moment, which honestly wasn't too far off the mark. They don't know what causes the shockwave scream that happened at the pyre, but he worries that it will happen in public.
Also!!!! I tried to draw trueform!cas I still need to color it though.
I’ve been trying to post everyday but for some reason chapter 5 has been really hard for me to write. It should still be out in the next couple days.
and he couldn’t do anything to stop it. Couldn't save the day. Couldn't bring him back. Lost his mom and another friend in the process.
It makes Dean sigh but he guesses it's what he deserves for being such an ass.
And it’s amazing and you should all check it out!
“Okay, hand him over.” Claire states mimicking the position of Cas’s arms to the best of her ability. Dean leans over and adjusts them slightly before Cas carefully slides Jack into Claire’s grip.
Dean and Sam have fought before. Hell, they’ve split up, gone their separate ways, the whole nine yards over fights. This shouldn’t even be on their radar.
“It was never meant to be. He was never meant to put a claim on you.” His voice turns soft, cajoling. “You weren’t his to claim.”
“Sam.” He tries to make his voice strong but, still, it wavers. Sam bolts up as if Dean had woken him. He regrets it, momentarily, this would turn out to be the longest drive home and he needed to stop every two hours to take care of Jack. That is if he even stuck to a normal newborn schedule.
There is dirt and ash on the back, and small rips and tears and patches sewn in, but Cas looks at it like it's his greatest treasure. He takes it with his free hand, grace flaring, eyes shining blinding white for just a moment as the tears and stains disappear. Dean watches as Jack's eyes follow, searing gold and orange before fading back to blue.
He had fixed the room, of course. Painted it that pastel yellow, folded back up each and every tiny piece of clothing. The new dresser stares back at him every time he enters, like it's mocking him for giving in to his grief.
The dew has soaked into his jeans, but his head still spins and everything goes comfortably numb.
Dean is so focused he doesn't have time to prepare himself for Cas’s next words.
Crowley trades him for the blade.
It’s not scary, the fact that he doesn't remember his own name, because by the time he thinks on it long enough to feel the fear settle in his gut, it fades from his mind as if it never existed in the first place. He can’t quite remember what he is and isn’t supposed to know.
“Here, how about we go sit in the kitchen and I’ll explain.” Sam says, snapping his laptop closed and moving to stand.
He waits for Cas to settle comfortably on the bed before shifting his arms around, stuffing a pillow underneath and handing him back the bottle.
Dean could reliably tell Jack’s cries apart at this point, the sharp wail at night that seems specifically designed to wake him up, the low whimpers of hunger that echoed through the bunker. But this? This was the unmistakable cry of a baby that was extremely uncomfortable.
“I don't need a break, I'm doing fine.” Dean lets out a sigh as Jack's eyes finally fall shut and quickly shushes Sam when he attempts to talk again. Dean has been spending the last two weeks trying to train Jack to sleep in a playpen during naptime. It seems he is less reluctant if the playpen is in the same room as Dean but still, the effort is clearly taking a toll on him.
Cas lets out a huff of laughter and turns to check on Jack. Dean looks up at his sharp intake of air and sees Jack’s wings out, corporeal enough that a few feathers drift down to the blanket below him, still glowing the faint gold of his grace.
“Nah, he’s only two months old. He won’t start actually doing things for another three or four months.” Dean lets Cas move in as Claire shifts forward, obviously done holding Jack for now, a soft smile still gracing her face. Cas slips his hand under Jack, careful to cradle his neck as he pulls him back into his arms. Claire still doesn’t move far, letting Jack grip her fingers gently.
“It’s not.”
Cas’s trench coat stares back at him, folded over the bars of the crib like a blanket and all at once the fight goes out of him. He can hear Jack screaming from down the hall, and his breath is leaving him in sharp pants as tears finally fall.
There wasn't much in her basic appearance: blonde hair, far too similar to how his own was as a baby, a spatter of freckles across the bridge of her nose, a jacket that she had stolen from his own closet.
There's no need for him to watch.
The man in front of him gives him a strange look, his eyebrow arched.
Cas hums but gives Dean a serious look, his lips pursed.
“Dean….” Cas sounds breathless, and when Dean looks up he looks blown away, his wide eyes tracking the wings movement. “Jack has….”
Never has Dean prayed to whoever would listen to bring him back. Never had he fallen to his knees and
Hours later, as he struggles to put the crib together, Jack fast asleep in his playpen, he’s still biting back the longing that threatens to choke him.
My spn(and art blog now) is
“Why are you so upset?” It's a genuine question and Dean knows that Cas is looking at him so earnestly, a little frown on his face that makes Dean want to smooth it away. “Dean, we’ve kissed, we have a child together.” It's said like a question, one Dean doesn't want to answer. He knows this must be confusing for Cas, it's almost confusing for Dean himself and he struggles to put it into words.
When the bunker door opens, revealing a windswept Sam, it's as if he can finally breathe again. All of them are in the bunker, safe and sound where he could make sure they were all okay.
“I was.” At the sound of Cas’s voice, Dean leans his forehead against the impala, letting the cool metal settle something in him before he continues to unbuckle a very disgruntled Jack. “I was in the empty, asleep until I heard a baby crying.” Dean raises his eyebrow at Jack as he finally pulls him from his carrier. Jack gives a gummy smile, as if he knows what's going on, his blue eyes crinkling.
“Cas.” Dean grounds out. He can feel the prickling heat of a blush on the back of his neck and refuses to look away from a squirming Jack. “Just get on the bed.” Because there was no way he was making Cas sit on an uncomfortable chair all night. He wasn't that much of a dick.
That isn't what breaks Dean.
“I'm fine.” Cas keeps looking between Jack and Dean as he wanderers around the kitchen. “It's not like he's that heavy.”
“What?”
Dean doesn't even manage to turn off the impala, barely manages to put it in park before he’s stumbling out. His legs nearly collapse beneath him.
Dean is lying on his stomach and Cas’s knee is tucked up close to his side, as if he was sitting criss-cross on his side of the bed.
Fleetingly, his mind is drawn back to the task that lays ahead of them. His mom is still out there somewhere, they had to figure out a way to keep Jack under the radar, but at this moment they don't really seem to matter.
Two months he had been gone, and Dean had felt his absence every minute like a missing limb. A constant ache that nearly overwhelmed him. Now that he is here, a comfortable presence at Dean’s back, he needs to adjust again. Shake out the metaphorical pins and needles.
You can find me on tumblr
He failed Sam in so many ways, it's a miracle he made it to adulthood at all.
Dean makes peace with the fact that Jack would have to spend another couple days in his room and walks out, shutting the door softly. The coat is still clutched in his hands; he couldn't bring himself to part with it even as his heart aches to look at it.
I just started school again, so I’m doing a weekly updating schedule that'll hopefully give me enough time to finish the last two chapters!
Dean was so scared of falling into that pit of despair, that he never realized he was already there. The moment he admitted to himself that Cas was gone he had flown over the edge.
Something that looked like Dean, that sounded like him, mocking Cas. Leading him on, letting him think he had escaped, that Dean had finally come for him. Taunting him with his love, convincing him that this time,
Cas settles into the chair at the far side of the room and watches as Jack’s wings fade back into nothing as he begins nodding off.
But in those memories, Cas will inevitably turn to Dean, a curious look on his face and it all comes rushing back.
“I love you too, Dean.” The smile doesn't fade but he does grow more serious, catching Dean’s gaze and holding it. “I know you're never going to stop worrying about the future and I won't either, but we’ll get through it together,” Cas pauses before his smile becomes crooked, blue eyes lighting up with mischief. “Buddy.”
Dean breaks away from the bacon to get a closer look at Jack, taking in all the ways he’s changed over the two months. He had filled out a lot, cheeks growing just a little bit chubbier, his hair just a tiny bit longer. He had never really looked squished like newborns normally looked, but his head was no longer weirdly shaped.
Blue eyes.
Sam hadn’t brought it up, something Dean was grateful for since he wouldn't know how to begin to explain it, but Dean knew he wanted to.
Finally they meet, and when Sam presses the blade close to his throat, Dean leans into it. He pushes closer until he can feel it bite into the soft skin of his neck. It’s something, anything, besides the ache in his shoulder, and the ants crawling under his skin, and the panic in his gut.
