“So the alpha’s gonna be the problem,” Bobby finished.
Cas pulled away from Sam and looked at Dean. “Would you give me a moment with Charity?” he asked. “I...need to explain what I can.”
Dean nodded, now holding onto Cas like a lifeline.
“And Cas has been different. You’ve noticed, right?”
“We’ll find out soon enough,” Sam said. The line moved forward, and they stepped inside. A woman closed the door behind them. She announced to the group, “Welcome, everyone. I’m Charity, Emmanuel’s wife.”
“I know,” Charlie said gently. “But if you don’t deal with them in a safe and healthy way, some monster’s gonna figure out which buttons to press, and you’ll make a stupid mistake that’ll cost you big time.” She squeezed his arm reassuringly, and he opened his eyes. “Ready to talk?”
Cas just stared at him with his usual quiet intensity. He nodded. “See you soon, Dean. You can wait outside.”
Sam’s eyes grew distant as they drifted to the floor. “She’s in their headquarters, and we can’t even back her up. We’re not even there.”
Dean glared at him. “I
?” Sam asked.
. Holy shit.
“I’m in heaven?” she asked. Still nothing.
“I’m a fucking coward,” he muttered.
“Nothing,” Charlie chirped. “I’m sorry, Dean. We’re still looking.”
“Whoa, take it easy,” Dean said. “Quick question for you.”
“I’m nervous,” Sam said. “And worried. What’s Elle’s price gonna be? Can she even fix Cas? Is he too far gone?”
Adorable? Had he actually just thought something
“The chain restaurant,” Bobby explained. “They’ve got this turducken thing. It’s supposed to eventually make humans docile, easy to kill.”
Dean looked at his almost-empty beer bottle, as if it held answers to anything. It was his third of the night. Not that he was counting. Only Sammy would do that. “What’s so special about bees, anyway?”
Cas nodded. “Yes.”
Dean Winchester? Feeling hopeful? Dean shook his head to clear it. Liquid courage. That’s what he needed. He took a glass from the cabinet. “Well, Edgar’s the guy who attacked me and Sam at Bobby’s. Pretty sure he lit the damn place on fire.”
“To save you from another apocalypse.”
“He’s got a nice comfy ring of holy fire around him,” Charlie said. “It’s the only way we could convince him to stay put.”
Bobby chuckled darkly. “None that I know of.” His brow furrowed under his hat. “That sounds more like a fairy deal kind of arrangement.”
The phone rang three times before a very stressed-sounding Bobby picked up. “What?”
“Will we be able to find our way back?” Sam asked.
“Did you know that cats’ penises are barbed?” Cas looked at each hunter, polite curiosity written on his face. “I personally know that the females were not consulted on this matter.”
“We’re going to her apartment,” Dean said.
“I’m not a ghost,” she said.
“How are you here?” Sam asked in wonder. “How are you solid?”
“Eh. Good is overrated,” Charlie said. She hugged Elle goodbye anyway.
“She went to her sister’s,” Bobby told him. “She lives close by.”
“Right.” He stared into his whiskey, thinking. “Fine, I guess.”
Dean chugged the rest of his coffee, ignoring the way it burned his throat. “Okay. You guys stay here.”
Charlie beamed. “I think it’s time to head back, don’t you?” She offered a hand to Cas, and he took it. Her hand was so small and soft compared to Dean’s.
“I’m okay, Dean,” Sam said. He took a deep breath in and out. “I’m okay. It worked.”
“Will you come back?” Dean asked, not even bothering to hide the pleading tone in his voice. “Can Sammy see you? Bobby?”
“A Cupid.” Gabe somehow managed to pull off a full-body eyeroll.
The line moved forward again, but they were still too far back to see the healer. Dean rolled his eyes and changed the subject. “I want Emmanuel to heal me first. Make sure it’ll actually work.”
And before he could filter the idea, one more thought slipped out:
“Then you still go,” Bobby said impatiently, shaking his head as he made his way towards the stairs. “You could always ask if she wants to go on a date
loudly. His hungover brain wasn’t ready for that kind of volume, apparently. But he listened to the thought, to the memory. He got a glass and forced his bleary eyes to focus on the water filling it, forced himself to drink it all down in one go. He refilled his coffee mug and walked towards the stacks of books, thinking.
“It’s ready. Downstairs.”
The Winchesters’ heads snapped up when Cas came inside. “No more Charlie?” Dean asked. He looked more than a little wild. His hair might as well have been electrocuted--it barely resembled its usual shape. His bright green eyes were frantic.
The note. Dean could focus on the note. One small thing at a time. It held only two words:
“Not like this,” Cas said. His eyes showed a whirlwind of emotions--pain, guilt, regret, fear. “I thought I could handle it--the power, the souls. I thought I could fix things. Instead, I killed half of my own race and unleashed a new, horrible, terrible power on the world.” He shook his head. “You and Sam have enough to deal with already. I just made everything worse.” He met Dean’s eyes, and Dean was shocked at the pleading look in them. Cas was usually so calm, so stoic. Not this time. “How can you possibly forgive me?”
“Why not?” Dean asked in a tone that was far too close to a whine for his liking.
“Sounds like her.” Sam chuckled lightly. “Energy drinks or coffees.”
“And the rest of it?”
were complaining about staring at a screen all day.”
said Charlie’s voice in the back of his head. She showed up in front of him and his mostly-packed bag with a soft rush of wings. “You’re doing great,” she said out loud.
Sam rolled his eyes but found the station. For the rest of the ride, it almost felt like old times. Almost felt like driving to any other job.
“Holy shit,” he said. “Sammy, you gotta see this.”
“How do you like your heaven?” a different voice said.
Dean flushed furiously. “Still have to brush my teeth.” He looked down at his clothes. “And get changed.”
Cas turned around, a worry line clear between his eyebrows. “I hope I made it correctly. I think I did.”
“Bitch,” Dean told him.
There was a pleasant beep. “Where the hell are you?” Dean demanded. He hung up immediately.
“Exactly,” Sam told her.
“And?” When Dean didn’t respond, Bobby said, “You look like the cat that swallowed the canary. Spit it out, Dean.”
showed up.”
“You can’t do that if you’re in whatever the hell angels have for prison,” Dean said sharply.
“Meditation?” Cas supplied.
“Cas, this is Jody,” Dean said. He crossed his arms. “Jody, this is Cas.”
“I wouldn’t call this raising hell,” Charlie said, clearly delighting in how friggin’ awkward everyone else felt. Bobby grumbled unintelligibly.
“Angels?” Bobby asked.
“We know, Bobby,” Sam said.
Cas walked back over to Dean. “They’re really okay with…” He waved between the two of them. “Us?”
“Death put up a wall in his head,” Dean said. “Cas broke it.”
Dean nodded. “Yep. That’s it.”
Why was he married to a woman?
Sam shook his head. “No. Nothing yet.”
“Morning, sunshine,” Bobby told him. “Coffee’s fresh. Eggs are ready.”
call you on it.”
Cas caught Dean’s hands in his. “What happened to sleeping?”
Sam’s giant frame was sprawled across the bed. Dean snorted to himself before lightly shoving Sam’s shoulder. “Sammy.” Nothing. Worry started to bloom into panic. Dean shook Sam’s shoulder more firmly. “Sammy. Sammy!”
Sam nodded slowly. Nothing else needed to be said. Their dad had been the most heteronormative son of a bitch they’d ever met. He’d always encouraged Dean to be a man--his version of a man. No way in
Cas made an impatient gesture. “What do you want me to say?”
“Why were you teasing him about Jody?”
Dean bit back another snippy remark. The next few sentences came out before he had time to think, process, or filter them. “Fine. You really want to know? Fine. I’m bisexual, and I’m in love with Cas.”
“Going axe-throwing. Be back in a bit.”
He smelled it first. “Holy shit. It’s like--”
Anger flared in Dean--again. He opened his mouth to say something, but Sam jumped in first. “She was adopted.”
Cas is alive.
The wheels started turning in Dean’s head. “A Cupid? Specifically?”
Sam lounged against it. “So. Cas’ memory is back.”
“Not a ghost,” she said.
About a half hour later, Sam said, “We should call Bobby.”
Dean’s heart twisted. “Dad, I think.”
“Can you fly back?” Dean asked.
Sam shrugged. “I’ll look.” A few tense, quiet minutes later, Sam snorted. “You’re not gonna believe this.”
“Thanks.” She pursed her lips. “You’re not gonna like my answer, but you need to hear it anyway. Deal?” When Dean nodded, she said, “Love.”
“You know what they mean, don’t you?” he asked Charlie, keeping his eyes closed.
Shit, those eyes were
“It better be a good one,” Dean grumbled. For a few heartbeats, neither hunter spoke. Then Dean broke the silence with a softer tone. “I brought an angel blade, Sammy. But not for Cas.” He exhaled heavily, through his nose. “His trenchcoat is in the back. If he wants it.”
“It’s all good, Cas. Really.” She stretched her arms behind her. “I like what I’m doing now, anyway.”
“This is awesome.” Cas relaxed and let his fingers card through Dean’s hair. “Did you mean...touching. Kissing. Sleeping with someone. Having sex.” Dean tilted his head so he could see Cas’ face. “All of that is new?”
“It’s time,” Elle said. Dean fought the instinct to jump back as the moment broke and the rest of the world came back into focus. She put one hand gently on Dean’s shoulder and squeezed. “He’ll be alright.”
“I think so,” Dean said, taking out his phone. “I’ll call Bobby to check.”
Dean crossed his arms. “So?”
Cas nodded. “Whenever you’re ready, Sam.”
“Family,” Charlie said. “Dude, I’m literally just telling you stuff you’ve already told me.”
“Or got replaced with our least favorite monsters,” Sam muttered.
Dean nodded, still in a daze. “Yeah, man. Sure.” He stood and clapped a heavy hand on Cas’ shoulder, mirroring where Cas’ handprint had been burned into his skin for months. Cas looked at the hand and then up at the man attached to it. “Good to have you back, Cas,” Dean said. There were so many other things that needed to be said, but that was enough for now.
“Dick Roman’s up to something,” Sam said. “It’s a news alert.” He headed over to the desk.
“Could she be a leprechaun?” Sam asked.
“What did he look like?” Sam asked.
“Nothing,” Dean said as Bobby snorted. The older hunter studied Dean, leaning back against the kitchen counter. Dean started collecting the maps strewn over the table.
“And he’ll stay back?” Dean asked Elle.
Charlie nodded. “I figured it’d be easier to talk about feelings if we were also throwing sharp objects.”
Her place. Bobby couldn’t say her name yet. Dean shook his head, knowing he was adding salt to the wound. “Probably better that we didn’t. The Leviathan would’ve seen them, made them useless.”
“Really?” Dean asked. He couldn’t even hide the mixture of hope and fear in his voice. “Could it take all of it?”
“Neither.” Sam’s gaze intensified a little. “I managed because I had to.”
look at him. Cas meant it. He meant every friggin’ word. “Promise me, Dean.”
And then Dean slowed his breathing. Pulled himself back together. Forced the tears to stop. These weren’t tears that would eventually run out. No. He had an endless reserve of this particular pain. Better to stop it than lose himself to it completely.
Dean put his head in his hands. “I need a fucking drink.”
“You being bi?” Sam asked. Goddammit--how could the kid say that so fucking easily? “Two words, man.”
There was a book on the coffee table. With a closer look, Dean realized it was a photo album. And with a lurch in his stomach, he realized it was his family.
Elle’s eyebrows went up. “Over a year in our time or hell time?”
Dean shook his head, fury building inside him to a boiling point. “No. I think they killed her, didn’t want the press of a body in a cafe but wanted to make sure we got the message, so they figured out where she lived and took her home.” He pulled into the parking garage for her apartment building.
, he thought.
he reminded himself. “They?”
Gabriel stared at her. She could nearly see the wheels turning in his head. “Or I could just put you to sleep again.”
“Hey, Charlie,” he said, eyes already tearing up. “I, uh...I don’t know if you can hear me. And we never had the chance to explain this to you, but, uh...sometimes, after hunters--” He swallowed sharply at the lump in his throat. “Well, yeah. If we can’t give them a proper hunter’s funeral, we’ll light a candle. And I know me and Dean just gave you one, but…” The tears leaked out of his eyes. “I dunno. This felt right.” He stared at the flickering flame. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Charlie. It...it shouldn’t have been you.” He let the tears fall, let the silence wrap around him.
“Uh…” Bobby looked awkward. “According to Missouri’s friend? Dreamy.”
“You’ll explode,” she said simply. “There’s too much power in this process for humans to be around without exploding. Or at least having your eyes burned out.” When Dean’s stubborn expresion stayed, she added, “It shouldn’t take more than an hour.”
“We need him, Dean.”
Dean filled up his favorite mug, nodded his thanks, and took the first scalding hot sip. “Thanks,” he grumbled.
“I know.” Bobby shrugged. “But whoever he is, he’s only a few hours away.”
In a silent agreement, Sam let it slide.
“You don’t think the Leviathans count as a friggin’ apocalypse?” Dean asked, somewhere between his normal gruff tone and a yell.
“‘Sup, bitches?”
Sam laughed. The guilty look faded.
Additional relief rushed through Dean as he chuckled. Sam would let him talk more when he was ready. He wasn’t asking him to say anything else--yet. “Yeah. Here’s hoping this’ll be a milk run.”
you love Cas.”
“That sounds like something Charlie would say,” Cas said. “How is she? How’s Bobby?”
Dean glanced at his brother. No. He knew waiting was a mistake, knew Bobby would want some time to stew in his own juices before seeing them. “Fine. You’re calling him, though.”
Dean frowned and hit the speakerphone button. “Pureblood werewolves can turn anytime, right? Not just the full moon?”
Dean’s stomach churned, and it had nothing to do with his hunger. “What are you doing?” he whispered.
“They, uh...kind of lost him,” Bobby said.
“What did I say yesterday?” Dean shook his head, and Sam noticed just how tired he looked. “Yesterday feels like a long time ago.”
Charlie laughed. “Dude. Zelda is my favorite. I built her.”
Dean stared at the whiskey. “Friggin’ bees, man,” he muttered to himself before chugging some more, welcoming the burn. Maybe if he could focus on that, he could forget everything else. Forget the blue eyes that haunted him, the apology he never had time to accept. Maybe the burn in his throat could overpower the ache in his heart, even if it couldn’t numb it.
“The suitcase,” Sam said. When Dean gave him a standard
“Shut up, idjit.” Dean grinned.
“And Bobby owes me 20 bucks.”
“Hey, babe,” Cas said. He kissed Dean on the cheek. “There’s coffee, right? Please say there’s coffee left.”
They heard a familiar low voice close by. “Dammit, Cas, you
“Later,” Dean said, kissing Cas and extricating his hands so they could run over the angel’s strong stomach when he finally managed to undo the suit buttons. Cas exhaled in a rush that was deliciously close to a moan and kissed Dean harder. Cas’ jacket fell to the floor. Dean broke the kiss and reached for his flannel.
Still nothing.
“It was worth it. I recovered.” Cas swallowed, internally preparing himself for his next question and the Pandora’s box it would undoubtedly open up. “At least, I think I recovered.”
“Huh?” Sam called.
A flicker of hope sparked in those gorgeous blue eyes. “No?”
Dean pulled out his phone. “I’m texting Bobby. If we’re gone for days, someone should know.”
“Like hell you are,” Bobby said.
Dean frowned. “Anymore?”
“I was gonna hide it,” Dean muttered. But he closed the trunk, sparing one quick glance for the trenchcoat first.
“Borax,” he said.
Sam chuckled humorlessly. “And get caught?” He shook his head. “I’m getting by. You?”
Cas focused his attention inward again. No. No, he knew
. That was the feeling. “Shut up,” he said gruffly.
awesome.”
“So did I.”
“It looks like some cursed objects or something got released,” Sam said. “A ballerina spun to death.” He glanced up at his big brother. Dean saw a spark in Sam’s eyes that had been missing for a
Bobby’s eyebrows scrunched together. “Gabriel, who’s actually alive and helped her become a Cupid, sent you a dream?”
“Thank you, Charlie,” Cas said warmly. Warmly. There was warmth in Cas’ voice. Dean had to focus on the moment, on Cas’ big hand in his.
Dean wondered. Elle put her hands on Cas’ head and closed her eyes. Cas closed his in turn.
“Time to figure out if she can fix you,” Dean told Cas.
Dean nodded and cleared his throat, trying desperately to get some semblance of composure back. “Okay.” Bobby and Sam were waiting by the door. He walked over to them before glancing back at Charlie and Cas one last time. “See you soon.”
Dean smiled, shaking his head at her. He loved Charlie. She could go from deadly serious and real to the impish troublemaker he’d known since high school. He needed this--needed her.
“Shit, dude,” Sam said, stopping Dean again. “I’m sorry. I wasn’t trying to make it worse, I swear.”
Dean gave Bobby a flat look. “Do we really have time for a normal case?”
And Cas. Or maybe Cas.
mumbo-jumbo?” He made some gesture that Dean could only assume was meant to ward off the evil eye. “Nuh-uh. Nope. I’m done. I’m out.” He slammed the door shut.
Dean choked down the rush of emotions that threatened to explode out of him. “Yeah. That too.”
He fell back onto the bed. “Love you too,” he said to the empty room, testing out and tasting the words. They were true, but they still felt weird.
Dean stared at her. She held out her hand for him to shake. He ran a hand down his face before nodding and shaking her hand. “Fine. I’ll try it.”
he told it. He turned onto his side.
Cas walked towards him. Dean was starting to spiral. He could see it on the hunter’s face, could feel the anxiety radiating off of him. Those gorgeous green eyes eventually settled on Cas’, and the angel felt like someone had punched him in the gut. He put both hands on Dean’s shoulders. “We will figure it out. Breathe, Dean.”
“That’s all of them,” Sam said as they finished their lap around the office complex. “No signs of violence or cops anywhere, either.” His phone rang.
Hope sparked in Charlie, breaking through the monotony of everything. “You have? Is he here?”
Charlie quirked her lips. “Never been good at resting.” She leaned back in her chair. “Castiel. Heard of him?”
we could get you enough juice to go right to the boys.” He turned back to Charlie. “Do they have anything of yours?”
“Shut up, Dean,” Sam snapped. “It’s not that funny.”
The thought kept ringing in Dean’s head, impossible to escape and playing on an endless loop. He wrapped Charlie in the sheet.
Dean waved at the bed. “You can meditate while I sleep. We can both be in the bed. Or you can be on the bed. Or you can go downstairs.” He shrugged, pretending he didn’t care. “Whatever you want. I’ll just be a minute.”
Bobby nodded. “Okay. I’ll get ‘em. You two
“Practiced it in my head a little,” Sam admitted. He frowned down at Dean. “You okay, man? You’re kind of pale.”
too awake for whatever time of day it was. “But I’m guessing you smelled that already?”
Charlie brought them right to the living room. Sam and Bobby lit up. “‘Sup, bitches?” she asked.
She pressed her fingertips to her temples. “Come on, Charlie, think.
in bees. Dean’s furiously hammering heart skipped a beat. He could see more of Cas now, parts that were usually hidden by several layers of clothes. And the angel looked
“Uh, yeah, Charles,” he said. “Thanks.”
She nodded slowly. “That makes sense.”
was on his little brother’s face. They walked back quietly, each lost in their own thoughts and the sounds of the woods at night.
Cas nodded, glancing at Sam and Dean.
“Sam and Bobby will be fine.”
Dean clapped him on the shoulder. “Thanks, man.”
The older hunter clapped a hand on Dean’s shoulder briefly before dealing with the rest of the food.
The world came back into crystal clear focus. Dean forced himself to take deep breaths. In for four, out for four. Nice and quiet so no one else would know. He focused on what they’d ask Emmanuel. Dean’s leg hadn’t fully healed from a very bad break. That’s all. He just had to ask Cas to heal his leg.
“Smug fits me perfectly,” Charlie said. Dean threw the axe. It was closer to the center of the target. “And we’re not done. You’re gonna need to practice this--feeling and working through your feelings instead of drinking them down. It’s gonna take a lifetime of practice. And there will be times when it gets worse before it gets better.”
“There’s gotta be another way.” Dean looked up at his brother, his eyes begging for help.
“I thought your leg was fine,” Bobby said.
“Yeah, Cas. Of course.” He felt fidgety. Awkward. What the hell would help? Why the hell did Charlie open up this friggin’ can of worms? But underneath the awkwardness was something brighter. Happier. Hopeful.
She gave him an impish half-smile. “I’m tougher than I look.” The kettle whistled, and she walked to the stove. Something was weirdly familiar about her, but Dean couldn’t place it. “I also dealt with your doppelgangers and the fairies.” She went to the cupboard and got some whiskey. “You’re welcome.”
Bobby snorted. “Of course she came back for that.” He shook his head, the slightest shadow of a fond smile on his face. “Of course she did.”
“Or not.” Dean made his way to the stairs. “Seems like this’ll be an overnight gig. I’m gonna pack a bag.” He could feel Sam and Bobby’s pitying eyes on him as he walked away. No. He’d deal with them later. They meant well, but he was barely keeping it together.
Cas searched his eyes, dark with arousal and brimming with worry. He broke eye contact. “Not like this,” he said quietly.
“Probably a mile,” Sam said. “We can drive around, see what we see. Probably only a few open all night, anyway.”
She smirked at them, a half-smile making her eyes sparkle. “I’m good at reading people.”
Dean tapped his leg. “I, uh, took the cast off early.”
The words stayed in Dean’s head where they rang, clear as a bell. He cleared his throat, swallowing them down. “You’re family, Cas.”
A massive weight Dean hadn’t even known he was carrying lifted from his chest. Sam knew. Hell, Sam had known probably longer than
“This is nothing, buddy. I pulled this off...how many years ago?”
Gabriel gave a great, booming laugh. Charlie crossed her arms and tried to stare him down. When her expression didn’t break, Gabriel said, “You’re serious.”
It wasn’t a milk run.
On any other day, that would’ve been great news. But today...Dean just said, “Thanks, Bobby.” The words came out hollow.
Sam turned very, very slowly to look at Dean. Frank’s eyes followed Sam’s. Both men’s eyebrows were up, their jaws down. Dean was too shocked to respond.
Charlie was leaning against the wall, her arms crossed. “No, not gonna shut up.”
They reached Chicago in the very early morning. Dean had been calling Charlie once an hour, and she hadn’t picked up once. Sam had stopped creating excuses and naming random reasons for her silence and had instead tried tracking her phone.
“We could pray to him,” Sam suggested.
“It should,” Sam said. “If Elle’s done everything she says she did--and we don’t have a reason to think she’s lying--then it should work.”
Bobby jerked his head at the TV. An image of a goddamn perfect replica of Baby showed up.
Cas nodded, letting her words sink in. “I touched Dean’s soul. I held it--held him--as we escaped from hell. I put his body back together.”
“You promised to help Bobby if he calls,” Sam jumped in.
Charlie’s eyes went wide, and she took a staggering step back. “You.” Bobby and Sam instinctively stepped in front of her. “No, guys, calm down!” she said. “Elle’s the one who helped the angels turn me into a Cupid.”
Dean stared sullenly into his chili.
“Guess we’re all cramming in the car together,” Bobby said.
“Dean.”
Someone walked past them with a dreamy smile on her face. “Excuse me, ma’am?” Dean asked. She was a little startled, but the dreamy smile stayed. “Can you tell me anything about Emmanuel?”
“They’ll find out soon enough.”
“Maybe.” Sam started turning red. “There’s an event that Elle has to go to. Says there’ll be someone with a direct connection to an alpha there. She thinks she can talk him into talking the alpha into giving us her blood.”
Sam ran down the stairs with his bag. “Ready?”
“Don’t,” Dean said, anger suddenly flaring white-hot. “Don’t say his name.”
“Hannah?” Sam asked, raising his eyebrows and grinning.
,” Sam whispered back.
Cas’ eyes left the floor and found Dean’s, and Dean was shocked to see real and true and loud
She smiled and nodded. “Yep. Took a while to figure out how to do
“Forgiveness,” Cas said, stepping close. His eyes were searching Dean’s, begging for answers. “You don’t forgive easily. You forgive Sam, with time. And you’d forgive Bobby and your father and Charlie, but--”
Cas’ eyes lost focus. He looked completely lost, and Dean’s heart broke.
Dean knew where this was going, and it scared the shit out of him. He nodded.
, tell me before the kid who was raised by John Winchester and needed a friggin’ Cupid to realize his own feelings?” Bobby snorted. “Hell yeah. I bet on the angel.” His mouth twisted to the corner. “Can’t say I’m mad about being wrong, though. Bound to happen to everybody once in a while.”
“Cas,” Sam said, smiling and taking one long stride to hug him. Dean was frozen in place. What the hell just happened?? Cas had healed Dean and, somehow, doing that brought his memory back? How? Why?
“Yep. Sometimes earlier, sometimes later. There’s no right or wrong timeline.” She picked up another axe and threw it, giving Dean a welcome moment of quiet to collect his thoughts.
“I’m so sorry,” Cas said. His blue eyes peered straight into the rearview mirror. “I didn’t know this would happen--”
“Because we’ve both been through a lot very quickly. And there’s no need to rush.” Cas’ eyes flashed when Dean opened his mouth to talk. “Don’t even
Dean sighed.
The werewolf nodded, shaking.
“Oh! That.” The easy smile came back. It reached the clear blue eyes, but something was still off about them. “I find I can communicate and be at one with the bees more easily when I’m not clothed. It’s more organic.” Cas’ eyes lit up. “You should try it sometime! Come with me.”
“I did,” Dean said, taking a deep breath and standing taller than usual. He knew Sam supported him and Cas, but a part of him was still deeply defensive.
“Uh huh.” Dean had a shit-eating grin on his face. “Any excuse to talk to your girlfriend.”
was he supposed to keep the crazy under control now?
“I mean turning my back on my family. On the script that God handed the angels.”
“Yeah.” Charlie handed him an axe. “Back to Cas. Did you tell him you forgive him?”
, he told it. There was no reason to try to impress anyone. No reason to wear one of his nicer flannel shirts. It was just Sam.
is alive.”
Right before they all went to bed, Bobby said, “I’ll stay here. See if I can find something or someone that can fix Cas or send the Leviathans back to purgatory.”
Bobby shrugged. “Crazier things have happened. Speaking of crazy…” He turned to Dean. “Any updates on Cas?”
Dean found it and transferred his melancholy gaze to the amber liquid. “Almost honey-colored,” he said. “Ever had honey whiskey, Sammy?”
Dean hated himself for it, but he curled up in a ball and cried. He was completely overwhelmed. Actually, truth be told, he was beyond overwhelmed. He’d passed overwhelmed days ago.
“Dean!”
Sam let the idea hang in the air, let the tension it carried build for a beat before speaking. “Or maybe she had to go home to print the IDs.”
“Jerk,” Sam threw back lightly. Dean took off his jacket and tie and waited until Sam was in the bathroom to open his flask and take a nice, long swig.
“Okay. But make sure these idjits keep their phones on. And charged. And if I’m not back in a couple of days, come and get us.” Bobby disappeared up the stairs.
Dean watched Elle look up at Sam, who had been lingering at the back of the group. Knowing his brother wanted to shoot his shot, Dean said, “Let’s go, team.” He walked a little more quickly towards the door and shot Charlie a look when she lagged behind. When everyone except for Sam was outside, Charlie said, “What was that for?”
. Love is the most powerful magic, remember? The only place where the holy and the magical collide?”
“Frak,” she muttered. They’d just lost Cas. How could they handle losing her, too?
“Dean?”
“I mean, don’t go after them
Sam gave him a death glare. “No. Shut up. She asked me to look for a couple books--see if they’re in Bobby’s library.”
Gabe rolled his eyes. “I just told you, dingus. Your heaven.”
The gravity of the past couple weeks hit Dean in a new way. Yeah, they’d been life-changing for him. But Cas had been possessed, died, came back, had amnesia, and was normal for less than a day before he took on Sam’s crazy. “Makes sense,” he muttered. “Jesus, Cas.” He gave Cas an unintentionally softer look. “You’ve been through a lot.”
. Dean shamelessly checked him out, noticing Cas’ blush. “Kinda weird seeing you without all those damn layers.”
Sam smiled at the memory. Dean tried to pull himself back to the moment and away from the flashes of Cas’ empty trench coat floating in a reservoir. “Ten. At least.”
Sam tossed his head lightly, getting his hair out of his face.
“Right,” Cas said, frowning. “Can you remind me how you came back? And what you’re doing now?”
She smiled slyly. “I can take care of myself.”
“Cas--” Sam started.
“Sammy.”
Bobby got three shot glasses and whiskey. He poured them, explaining, “We’ll look into these sons of bitches more tomorrow. For now…” He held up the shots. “To Charlie.”
Dean didn’t know how he knew, but he knew. And it took his breath away.
“I don’t think the other angels would agree.”
“Cas,
Cas’ worried expression didn’t fade. “How do you deal with feelings?”
Sam nodded. They pulled into the first motel they found and got a room without a problem. Dean grabbed a newspaper.
Dean felt like he’d been punched in the gut. Wife? If Emmanuel was Cas, then Cas had a
that Dean felt in his core. Cas exhaled in a rush and matched Dean’s intensity. Dean felt a strong arm wrap around him, pull him closer. Relief and blinding joy and something intoxicating pushed him into Cas, encouraged him to fall into the angel’s embrace. He hesitantly let one of his hands caress the side of Cas’ face, marveling at the scratchy stubble there, before carding his fingers through the angel’s hair. Cas made a soft little encouraging sound, and arousal joined the feelings burning through Dean’s veins. He pulled Cas’ bottom lip between his and lightly ran his tongue over it. Cas made another delightful little sound. Dean’s hands started to roam over Cas’ back and shoulders. Even through that stupid trenchcoat, Dean could feel how strong Cas was.
of good.”
“Everything okay there?” Sam asked.
“It’s not out of the question,” Dean told her. “I’ve earned a drink.”
White hot anger rose in Dean, and it took all of his self-control to not spew it all over Bobby.
“No. Just sleeping.” Gabe froze the scene with a wave. Sam was finishing the egg scramble. Charlie was smirking at Dean. Cas seemed enamored with his coffee. A wedding band that matched Dean’s shone on his finger.
“That’s...good?” Dean asked.
Dean abruptly choked on his coffee. Sam and Bobby did the same. Cas was, as usual, blissfully ignorant.
.” Dean instinctively took a step closer.
“Ch…” Dean’s throat felt like it was closing up. He couldn’t say her name. “She said she thought he was their ringleader. Or at least maybe their boss was connected to Richard Roman Enterprises somehow.”
He’d just figured out that he was definitely capable of falling in love with guys--and was in love with that specific guy. How the
Bobby shrugged. “Not exactly. But she said whatever he does works. A friend of hers had cancer. Terminal. This Emmanuel character touched her head, and she was healed.”
“Give him two hours,” Bobby said. “It’s still early. Ish.”
Elle gave him a warm smile. “I can’t really tell what’s wrong with your mind or how to fix it unless I put my hands on your head. Kind of like this.” She gestured with her own hands, putting them on the top and upper sides of her head. “Is that okay?”
Cas’ eyes lit up, just a little, and Dean’s heart picked up speed. “You
“I understand,” Cas said simply. “I won’t hurt him.” And something in his tone rang with truth. It wasn’t just an answer. It felt, sounded, resonated like a promise. Cas went up the stairs.
answered every damn instinct he had. He sighed. “I will talk to you.” Sam scoffed. “Dammit, Sam, I mean it this time. I just...” Dean shook his head, staring up at the roof of the car. “I need some time. I wasn’t kidding about that quota. Just...let me clear my head first, okay? I need something normal, man. A case. Gas station coffee. Our cheap Fed suits. A long stretch of open road.” He looked over at Sam. “Just give me some time.”
Sam ran a hand through his hair. “Copies of emails and files related to Richard Roman Enterprises. Dean and Bobby and I have looked through them already, but maybe you can find something new.” The laptop pinged, and Sam ran over to it. “Yes!”
“Cas?”
“I want to make amends,” Cas said. “I made a mess, and I want to fix it.”
“I doubt I could have,” Cas said. “Elle put the wards back up once we got inside.”
“He apologized.”
Dean almost dropped the glass as his stomach swooped.
“Couple of days? Maybe a week or two?” Dean answered.
“Would you mind getting them? I have to drop the wards, or they’ll never find this place.”
“You and Cas have to be the two most oblivious idiots in the universe,” Sam said, walking again.
“Are there other werewolves who can turn without the full moon?”
. What happens in your body? What happens in your heart?”
“Right here, dude,” Charlie said. She handed him a cup. Cas took and squeezed Dean’s hand before taking the coffee.
Bobby nodded. “I told her to wait for me before going after ‘em.”
Dean frowned. Dammit. Bobby was right. “Fine. Sam, we’re leaving in five.”
Cas walked towards him, leaving barely a step between them. His eyes were downcast. “I...I’m so sorry, Dean. I don’t expect you to forgive me. What I did was unforgivable, and—“
Dean’s heart went into overdrive.
?” Dean asked, finally giving Bobby his full attention.
Dean sighed one more time, put down his water, and closed his eyes. Just before he fell asleep, he realized how free he felt. Acknowledging his sexuality felt like opening a floodgate, yeah. But opening that floodgate was more freeing than he could put into words.
Elle nodded, looking thoughtful. “I think I have something that could help.”
Dean paused, thinking. “Sam’s okay. No more crazy.”
“Not far.” The tight set of Cas’ shoulders relaxed. “If you need me, just call.” And just like that, he was gone.
Cas was standing at his side in an instant. Dammit--how did the son of a bitch move so quietly? “Would you mind summarizing what has happened with the Leviathans until now? Remind me of everything that wasn’t in the papers Sam gave me?” He was--probably unintentionally--giving Dean a puppy dog look that almost put Sam’s to shame. “I just want to be clear on what was real and what was not.”
“We’ll meet you in the middle,” Sam said, already searching for his bag.
Bobby waved his offer away, getting out bread and sandwich fillings. “Don’t bother. I’ll figure that out. You and Sam get to the bottom of the Leviathan business. The sooner we can figure out what their endgame is, the sooner we can stop it.”
Cas took a deep breath that was oddly shaky. Okay. He was in love with Dean. In a way, putting words to the mess of feelings inside of him was a relief. One mystery solved. He opened his eyes slowly. “This is a problem, isn’t it?”
“So, you gonna tell me what you and Charlie talked about?” he asked.
Sam.” His voice broke, and he drank more coffee to try to cover it up. “Not like this.” He finally looked up. “
Sam’s voice ended the moment, but the tension didn’t quite break. “Coming,” Dean said. The hope of a kiss still lingered on his lips. Damn it all, he could feel it. He stepped away from Cas and started walking towards the cabin. “What’d you find?” As he walked, Dean couldn’t help glancing at Cas. He felt like a friggin’ 14-year-old girl, but his curiosity was eating away at him. Had Cas felt it, too? The moment?
“Yes, it does,” said Cas fiercely. The fire in his tone was both new and familiar, and Dean looked back up. Cas stepped back into his space. “You matter, Dean. You matter to Sam, and Bobby, and Charlie, and everyone else who has been lucky enough to know you. You matter to me.”
“I broke the cardinal rule, Dean.” Cas’ eyes dimmed. His voice, which had always been rough, grew some sharp edges. “I hurt Sam. I know you’re angry with me.”
Dean held out his glass in a toast. “Here’s to that.” They finished their whiskey in one go. Bobby set his glass down with a satisfied exhale. “I’m gonna see what else I can find on these sons of bitches. You get some sleep.”
Sam blushed. “None of your business.”
“Can’t believe you were in a freaking robotics club,” Dean mumbled.
“What’s it like?” Cas asked, worry showing in his face and his voice. Odd. He sounded worried. That was new. “What’s heaven like now?”
“‘The two men, who up until today were presumed dead, locked the doors and opened fire, leaving no survivors.’” A grainy security video of two Sam and Dean lookalikes were shown gunning down a room full of people. Dean clenched his fist as he watched the Leviathan version of him wink at the camera.
“We know, Cas,” Sam said in a softer voice. “And someone got them, somehow.” He let out a short laugh. “Whoever they are, we owe them a fruit basket or something.”
Sam shrugged. “A few weeks or so.”
“Dean?”
“Shotgun shuts his cakehole,” Dean and Sam said as one. “We know,” Sam reminded him.
Charlie’s voice popped into Dean’s head almost immediately, blocking out Sam’s answer to Elle.
“We’ve been over this, Charles,” Dean said in a warning tone.
“That’s your wheelhouse, genius,” Dean reminded his brother. “Not mine.” He drank his coffee. “Damn. The coffee here is amazing.”
The men nodded. “Sorry ‘bout that,” Bobby said gruffly. “Old habits die hard.” He and Sam stepped away from Charlie. “I’m--”
Maybe Dean had lost his marbles this time, but that was somehow one of the most romantic things he’d ever heard. Cas understood him. He knew what Sam meant to Dean. “Yeah. It was. And making a deal with Elle was worth it, too.” Cas tilted his head, confused and questioning. “To get you back,” Dean finished.
“Easy, tiger,” Gabriel said. “This is gonna take time. Practice.” He gestured grandly. “Finesse. We gotta train you first.”
“Define careful,” Sam said.
Bobby held up his hands in surrender. “Okay, then.”
“Apparently, it’s mostly European and indigenous American folklore,” Sam explained. “And her journals. She has the Bible, but other than that, her Christianity texts are lacking.” When Dean kept staring at him, wiggling his eyebrows, Sam said, “We all have work to do. Dean, get your head out of the friggin’ gutter already.”
Dean sighed heavily. “Yeah, Sammy was probably faking.” He shook his head. “Seems like something the stubborn son of a bitch would do.”
The tone in Cas’ voice was too raw for Dean to do anything
Huh. He remembered what Dean’s hand felt like the night before. So many of his crazy memories were blurry. That one was oddly clear. Charlie let go, and they started walking back.
Sam laughed. “Genius. Don’t know why I haven’t thought of that.”
Bobby shook his head. “Nah. He’ll come back when he’s ready. Best to let him cool off first.” His eyes darkened, and his voice dropped. “The kid’s had a rough couple of days.”
Sam mouthed, “Figure it out!” and disappeared.
Dean ran a hand down his face. “Yeah. I’ve noticed.” Cas had been different, more expressive. Genuinely apologetic. He’d always suspected the guy had more feelings than most angels, but now he could see it.
But if Cas was the cause, Emmanuel couldn’t be the cure.
Dean nodded again. “Yeah. Richard Roman Enterprises stationary.”
“Dude. Chill,” Sam said.
Dean scrambled back on the bed. “What the--how--”
“We didn’t,” Bobby said. “Flew here.”
“But--” Dean started.
Dean’s head spun. Who the hell would he be if he could just let that anger go?
Bobby shrugged. “I wanna keep an eye on them. If everything goes well, then great. If it goes south or sideways...at least we’ll be here to help.”
She nodded and gave him a mock salute. “I roped another angel into helping me out, too. Hannah.”
Cas squeezed his hand, and Dean snapped out of it. Those gorgeous blue eyes were soft, warm, encouraging. Strong. Maybe Cas could be strong for both of them--at least until Dean got his coffee. They made their way down the stairs.
Cas’ eyes searched Dean’s. “Are you sure?”
“Uh, yeah. No problem,” Dean said, suddenly feeling cold without Cas’ solid, warm weight pressed against his side. He intentionally avoided Sam’s eyes and the knowing look he
Dean opened his mouth to fight back, but Sam spoke first. “Less conspicuous?”
Dean was stunned by the intensity of the moment and the resulting electric tension between them with no Sam or Bobby to act as a buffer. He cleared his throat instinctively and dried his hands, nodding and starting to walk towards the stairs. His emotions were tumbling around, nerves making him question everything. His instinct, in this moment at least, was to run away.
He nodded. “Yeah, I can wait. Tomorrow’s fine.” He picked up his chili and grabbed Charlie’s laptop. “I’m gonna see what else I can find on here.”
“Bullshit.”
The angel nodded, still leaning heavily on Dean. “Yes.” He untangled himself from Dean’s arms and shoulders. “Thank you, Dean.”
“That’s not an answer.”
Cas started to run away. Dean lunged and barely managed to reach him. “Easy, tiger. We’re going this way.”
Dean exhaled. “Fine. But I swear to God, Sammy, if things get worse--”
“Yeah, yeah, I heard you the first time,” Dean said, still grumbling. His arms seemed to be stuck in their crossed, defensive position.
Dean’s grin stretched across his face as his heart grew. He hadn’t seen Sam this excited about someone in a while--probably since Madison. “Uh huh.”
Bobby came back with the promised grub. He put bread in the toaster. “Get a chance to look over that article?”
This was not one of those nights. Nope. This was the kind of night Dean hated.
“I don’t have much time,” she said. She spun the computer around and handed it to Sam. “This document has all my passwords. Share it with anyone and you will regret it forever.” She flickered like a fading projection. “I’m running out of time.” She looked at Sam, then Dean. “I love you. Both of you.” She took a breath. “And Cas is alive.”
“Worth a shot,” she told herself. “First things first. Gotta get out of here.”
“Bobby, I’m so sorry,” Cas told him.
Sam looked nervous but nodded. The coffee mugs were empty, the breakfast dishes done. Cas gently put his hands on Sam’s head. Dean heard the soft, familiar chime and watched Cas’ hands start to glow.
Dean crouched so he was in Sam’s line of sight. “You sure about that?”
Cas shot him the most pitiful puppy dog face he’d ever seen--and that included when toddler Sam had begged for mac & cheese with marshmallows for the third night in a row. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
“Uh, well, no, but--”
Cold tendrils of dread wrapped themselves around Dean’s heart. Bobby had a good point. Dean was hurting--was barely hanging on, to be honest. And his piñata was still in one piece. He glanced upstairs. “If he’s not up in an hour, I’ll get him.”
“Never,” Sam said. Dean imagined Charlie’s responding eye roll.
She beamed and held out an axe. “You’re welcome.”
“Cas?” he asked, his voice embarrassingly small.
Dean grabbed Cas’ shoulder and hugged him, clinging to him as if the angel was a lifeline.
“Looks like we don’t have to,” Sam said, mystified. He nodded at the TV and turned up the volume.
.  He was confused and exhausted and
Dean had to exhale to fight the sudden rush of pain at that reminder.
“Just as much one of my own as she is,” Bobby said firmly.
Sam jumped in. “Go.”
he always felt around Cas, was back. Dean, as always, ignored it. “Where are you going?”
“Cas?” His voice was thick with sleep.
“Ready, Sam?” Cas asked.
“Once the headache fades, then,” Bobby said. “I’m gonna grab some grub. Shouldn’t be gone too long.” Dean nodded and went back to drinking his coffee in peace and quiet.
“Getting Sam’s meat suit but missing his soul doesn’t count, Cas,” Dean grumbled.
Dean sighed in a rush of air as he sat. He shook his head before going back to his beer. “Friggin’ angels,” he muttered.
A warm half-smile came back. “For that crazy angel you’re trying to fix?”
“I take it you don’t like ‘Baby Shark’ that much?”
Dean bit back a frustrated groan.
“I am not watching you die because of your own damn self-destructive habits,” Charlie said flatly.
Dean tilted the laptop towards his brother. “Lots and lots of dirt on Dick.”
“What the fuck?” Dean said softly. No response. “What the fuck?” he asked in a louder, much more intense voice.
The witch (at least, he assumed she was a witch) was at least a foot shorter than Sam. Something about her made Dean wonder if she was part tree spirit, part moonbeam, or a little bit of both. She was almost glowing in the moonlight. Her clothes made Dean think of that crazy professor in that friggin’ Harry Potter movie Sam had made him watch--the fortune telling lady. Her long and wildly wavy dark hair was mostly pulled out of her face. She cocked her head at them, a warm smile spreading across her face.
“I’m happy for you, Dean,” Sam said.
“Dean.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hang on there, kiddo.” The angel took the computer away and closed it. Charlie buried the white-hot anger that flared in her. “You’re done.”
Dean shook his head. “Doubt it. She’s a Cupid now. Pretty sure her job is squarely about feelings.”
“I think we should’ve been worried since he stabbed Cas in the back. There’s no way he’s doing any better now.”
Dean got into the driver’s seat. Maybe driving would clear his head--or at least make his emotions chill out for a bit.
“That’s not necessarily our kind of thing,” Dean reminded him.
“Bullshit,” Dean said.
“You said Elle’s her name?” Charlie asked.
Dean choked. “Uh, no. Not yet.”
what was causing the chill up his spine. “Almost like these trees wouldn’t give a shit if the rest of the world burned?” Dean asked. Sam nodded. “Yeah. I feel it too.” Dean glanced up at the moon, hoping its light would be enough for a while. At least until they found the werewolves. “Let’s gank these guys and get out of here, yeah?”
Dean blinked a few times. “Yeah?”
“He’s probably assuming you went to a bar,” Charlie said.
“What the
“Do you feel that?” Sam asked.
“Nicknames are so odd,” Cas continued. The soft smile faded, and a dreamy expression took its place. No, not dreamy. Lost.
Charlie nodded thoughtfully. “Yeah. You’ve had a rough couple of weeks, buddy.”
Dean closed his eyes. Dammit, Sam was probably right. “Look. What’s done is done. Once we deal with these werewolves, we can look for whatever this power source is.”
Elle rolled her eyes. “The sooner you boys get out of here, the sooner you’ll get your Cas back.” She tilted her head thoughtfully. “I’m impressed that you’re already halfway there, with the whole memory loss bit. How’d you pull that off?”
. He and Sam left a very, very confused Charity with Cas and walked back to the car.
Cas’ hand froze. “Is this not okay?”
Cas’ eyes flew open. He searched Charlie’s face for an answer. The only thought he could read there was
Dean jumped a little, even though he knew the greeting was coming. “Hey, Cas.” His voice was still thick with sleep. He tried very hard to focus on the coffee he was pouring and not the butterflies that were still dancing in his stomach, the part of his heart that was singing Cas’ name. When the hell had he turned into a girl on friggin’ prom night?
tone of voice was completely new. Soft and warm and hesitant. Vulnerable.
“Well,” Bobby said. “This is not what I expected.”
“Dean? Hello?” Charlie called.
Charlie gave him a “what the fuck” look he’d never seen on her face. “Why would it be a problem?”
No, he couldn’t go there. Focus on the task at hand. Focus on the news. That had to be enough.
Sam and Bobby exchanged a knowing look. Before either of them tried to talk about feelings again, Dean said, “Sammy, did you make any progress getting into her laptop?”
“Shut up,” Bobby griped as a light blush warmed his cheeks. “Land deeds, records of any Leviathans that might be helpful. I want to know what connections they have.”
“Cupid. And you’ve been bugging Dean,” Sam said, his grin growing. “So--”
Bobby stared at the table, eyes lost in thought. “He’s a smart pick. Rich. Powerful. He’s got plenty of connections.”
Sam’s eyes lit up mischievously. Before he could open his mouth and explain, Dean said, “I’ll call her, and she can tell you.” He closed his eyes.
She shrugged, a slightly impish smile curling her lips up at the corners. “You already have. And these boys owe me a favor now, anyways.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean asked.
Sam snorted. Dean tried not to choke on his coffee. “Dreamy, huh?” he asked once he could breathe again.
Dean’s jaw dropped. His whole body felt strange--like someone had dumped a bucket of warm water on him. Not unpleasant, but still jarring. Not knowing what else to do, he held out his hand. Cas gently wrapped Dean’s fingers around it and squeezed lightly before letting go. “It’s ideal for tea or whiskey even, but it should be good on toast, too. I’ve heard humans enjoy a salty-sweet combination. Maybe you can put it on toast and add some bacon.”
Dean frowned, his eyebrows pulling together.
Cas nodded. “Yes. I know who she was. But what is she now? I’ve never met another being like her.”
“Yeah,” Dean called back to Charlie.
Dean frowned. “That sounds awfully involved for someone who seems to usually stick to her part of the woods.”
Sam opened his mouth to fight back, and Dean knew them well enough to know they could debate this to death. “Just say you’re welcome, Cas,” Dean said begrudgingly. “Sam’s not gonna let it go otherwise.”
“Hello, boys. Good to finally meet you.”
“It won’t break, Dean. It’s
“We?” Sam asked.
He glared back at her but knew there was no point blowing her off. Charlie was the only one he knew with a wider stubborn streak than his. So he listened. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes. He thought and turned his focus inward. For the first time, he lifted the lid on his internal Pandora’s box of emotions and glanced inside. And the contents
Dean punched him. “Shut up.” But a smile was growing across his face.
No, Dean didn’t recognize himself at all.
Dean’s heart picked up speed. “Yeah, I guess I did.” He instinctively squeezed Cas’ hand before letting go. “Guess I was still worried about you running off.”
Sam shrugged, shaking his head. “I don’t know, Dean. We can ask him when we find him.”
Sam nodded and pushed the laptop towards Dean. “You read up on this. Cas, you look through those emails. I’ll...call Elle.”
“Figured fixing your head would be the first order of business,” Bobby said. He looked at Cas. “If you’re all rested up?”
“There’s an axe-throwing range not too far from here. We can go there and talk.”
Dean tried to play dumb, even though his own words were echoing in his ears, haunting him.
Dean nodded. “Please.” He didn’t know what Cas found in his eyes, but the angel nodded.
“You know him well.” Cas shifted so he was able to see Charlie clearly. She brushed her loose red curls out of her face. “Do you think he has truly forgiven me?”
Cas studied him with that piercing analytical look Dean had slowly gotten used to before leaning in and kissing him again. This one started off slow but reached hot and heavy in record time. When Cas pulled away, Dean was clinging to his shoulders for balance. His knees had given out. “What do you think?” Cas asked.
, said a little voice in his head that sounded distinctly like Charlie.
“No.” Cas’ eyebrows came together. “Should they be?”
Cas was fucking beaming at him, and Dean felt whatever parts of him that hadn’t fallen for Cas crash land at the angel’s feet. He was a goner. He was a total goner.
He shifted, bringing the arm that had been thrown across Cas back to his side. “Good morning,” he grumbled, his voice thick with sleep.
said that Charlie-like voice in his head.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean asked.
he’d never seen before. “Anyway.”
Charlie glanced up at the ceiling. “Gabe’s calling. Gotta go.” She winked at him. “Think you have enough to stew over for now.”
Surprise flickered across Cas’ face.
“I’m a Cupid. In training. Kind of.” She winked at Dean.
“Shoot.” There was some muffled shouting in the background.
“And then what?” Bobby asked. “Even if he hears us and gets here, then we’ve gotta deal with an angel with a busted piñata. He’s a loose cannon.”
“Fine.”
“That’s not what your face is saying.”
“It was a milk run after all,” Bobby said. “Just one vamp.”
“Charlie. Charlie, who owned this computer?”
Bobby walked over, squinting at the screen. “You ain’t kidding.” He took a deep breath. “All right. Fine. Let’s see what dirt we have on Dick.”
“Charity?” Bobby asked.
“You’re the power source we keep hearing about? The being that’s kept this place safe for ages?” Dean asked, more than a little surprised. This tiny thing?
“Bobby--” Dean started.
“We can,” Dean agreed. The logical part of his brain told him to stop there. But something about kissing Cas made his brain-to-mouth filter completely shut down. “But...why? Do you not want to have sex with me?”
Anger flared in Gabriel’s eyes, and for a moment, Charlie felt fear. This was an
Dean stared at his brother, trying to find any hint that he might be lying. Nothing. “Fine. But if you can’t--”
Dean checked his watch. “Fifteen hours, give or take.”
Sam shrugged. “I mean, he fucked up. I’m not saying he didn’t. But I get why. Besides, holding a grudge is pointless.”
“We got what we needed,” Dean started.
. “I found more honey. And a board game. I tried to bring them to you, but you’re not here.”
Dean nodded. Cas knew he didn’t like to talk before having coffee.
“Great!” Charlie brushed her hands off on her jeans, suddenly nervous. “Let’s get going, then.”
Dean stared into space, thinking. This was
Dean’s hand slipped as he tried to open the whiskey. “Uh, yeah. He broke my leg and busted Sam’s head.” He managed to open the bottle and pour himself a double.
And then Cas.
“I am,” Dean said.
Dean lit the match and dropped it onto the pyre. He and Sam watched in silence as the wood, the sheets, and the hunter they held went up in flames.
Dean could barely recognize himself. Was that really him? Smiling like that? He’d clearly just gotten a haircut and was overflowing with joy. Expressions shifted from gooey eyes, to beaming smiles, to his head thrown back in laughter, eyes crinkling at the corners. Dean Winchester.
Dean waved his hand in a circle, gesturing for her to continue.
?” Cas asked. “I don’t understand.”
“Uh huh,” Charlie said flatly. She spun her axe. “You first. Talk to me.”
Sam sighed heavily and handed it over. Twenty minutes later, they were all set up with a new laptop and several brand-new IDs and credit cards.
She turned around and smiled softly. “It’s okay.” She turned around and kept walking. Dean noticed a faint blush on his brother’s cheeks and barely managed not to laugh. Sam wasn’t dumbstruck--he was starstruck.
Cas met his eyes with an equally soft expression. “It was worth it. Not being possessed, of course. But saving Sam was worth it.”
you?”
His big brother was quiet and unusually pensive. “I know.” His face softened, as did his tone. “But he broke your head, Sam. He unleashed these crazy monsters that are damn near impossible to kill. He left a mess, apologized, and fucking died. But apparently he’s back?”
“He’s a dumb son of a bitch sometimes,” Dean grumbled.
“Looks like your buddy was right,” Bobby said. “They do want to cure cancer.”
A litany of swears started playing in Dean’s internal monologue, but they weren’t from panic. They were coming from that brilliantly blinding part of him, so bright and sharp it hurt to look at or think about too much. What was that? Happiness?
Charlie hummed, and he knew she was reading his mind.
Dean nodded, letting that sink in.
“The world needs the Winchesters.” Cas took a hesitant step closer. “And, clearly, so do I.”
“You sure about that?” Charlie said, raising one eyebrow. “From where I sit, those are good things. They’re what made you stop the apocalypse. They’re what equipped you to save Sam and Dean.”
Dean’s eyes scanned the walls of the cabin. Nothing had changed since he and Sam had left a few days ago. So why did everything feel different?
“If it stops being manageable, you tell me. Got it?” When Sam didn’t respond, Dean stared right at him. “Got it?”
Arousal. Cas had looked hot. Gorgeous and sexy and hot. He’d wanted Cas in a way he’d never wanted anyone, and he’d just shoved himself too far into the closet to recognize the damn feeling for what it was.
“Not like we can pull over anywhere to crash.” Dean’s vision was swimming. He furiously wiped away the tears that were leaking out of his eyes. “We gotta get her out of here.”
Dean tried to pull off his usual playful grin, but it felt wrong. “Don’t think she’d get anything else. We’ll look into it tomorrow.”
Dean put a hand on his brother’s shoulder. “We’re gonna fix him. We’re gonna deal with these wolves, and then we’re gonna fix Cas. And none of this is your fault.”
This time, the whiskey (with the help of the beers) revealed. It cracked open. It shone in the dark places of Dean that he’d hidden from everyone, especially himself. It brought the part of him that had stared at Cas, covered in bees, into sharp relief. The part that woke up that day.
“You three kids almost home?”
“Uh…” Sam had a couple ideas, but he didn’t think Dean actually wanted an answer.
Dean chuckled at that. “Yeah, that’s been the worst part of this.”
said her voice in his head.
The hand on Dean’s leg pulled back. The glow faded. Dean couldn’t take his eyes off of the fallen angel.
“She’s a witch,” Dean said. “I think.”
“Shut up,” Sam snapped. “If she could turn Charlie into an angel, she might have enough juice to kill the Leviathans. Maybe she’ll know how to kill them, at least.”
“I’m not going to poison you, Sam. I promise. I’m here to help,” Elle said. “What kind of tea would you like?”
“Have you heard anything from Crowley? Or other angels?” Cas asked.
“Cas is alive?” Bobby asked. “
The angel squeezed his hand and gave him a sad smile. “I have a good feeling about her.”
But no. Cas had been crazy and trying to run away. That’s all last night had been. That’s what Dean
“It’s a lot, kid,” he said quietly, keeping his eyes screwed shut.
Dean nodded. “Looks like it.”
“Here she is.” Dean took the canvas off of Baby and smiled at her. “Hello, sweetheart.”
“I still have to go if she says no,” Sam reminded him.
it. It was wrong. Every damn thing about this was wrong.
“And if it ain’t Cas, maybe he can heal you anyway,” Bobby said.
Dean shrugged. “Where’s Frank’s place anyway?”
“And you didn’t say anything?!” Sam jumped in.
“Neither,” said a low male voice. “How about we just take your heart and go?”
“If we can go throw some more axes, then yeah. Just let me tell Sam.” He stuck his head out of the bedroom door. “Sammy?”
What was that word Charlie had used, back when she was alive and talking about girls she liked, for some of the girls she met? Bi? Queer? People who liked men and women.
Bobby shrugged. “I also told her how to kill ‘em. Just in case.”
Bobby had been right. Going on a normal--or, at least, mostly normal--case was helpful. It felt good, familiar, productive. Dean knew how to do this. He knew how to handle cursed objects. He knew how to fake being an FBI agent, how to talk to people about the way their lives had gone sideways or been flipped upside down. This was worlds easier than dealing with the Leviathans, and it almost distracted him from thinking about Cas.
Were they both remembering the empty trench coat floating in a black reservoir, the broken apology that came too late? Dean didn’t know. He tried to push the thought away. Losing Charlie was bad enough. He couldn’t think about both of them. Not tonight.
Cas tilted his head. Goddammit, did he have any idea how friggin’
Elle’s eyes grew sad. “You boys saved the world and paid the price. You’ve spent your whole lives saving people and never getting paid for it.” She tilted her head and studied him carefully. “Consider this a thank you from everyone who doesn’t know they owe you.”
Dean shook his head and closed his eyes, trying to focus. Trying to put words together that weren’t insanely sappy. He felt Cas squeeze his hand, and his eyes opened again. The world was still there, he realized. It had just changed shape. It was brighter this way. His eyes landed on Cas’, on the glimmers of hope and wonder in them. “I’m one lucky son of a bitch.”
Alarm flickered across Sam’s face. “Why the hell did you do that?”
Everything fell into place almost instantly. She wasn’t in the early 2000s. Not really. Her parents were dead. She’d been hacking into the Richard Roman Enterprises database when…
Elle held Sam’s gaze, as if trying to read him. “Something like that.” She turned her attention back to Cas. “And how long has Cas been carrying this?”
“Is Castiel that difficult to say?” Cas asked.
Dean snorted. “You sure about that?”
Charlie’s eyes went wide. “Oops. Nope. He’s doing just fine. Kinda mad at me. I hacked angel radio and played ‘Baby Shark’ on repeat until he showed up in my heaven. Threatened to keep doing it until he let me go back to earth somehow.”
But dammit all to hell, he loved the stupid son of a bitch next to him too damn much. “Sammy, it’s…” He ran a hand down his face. “Dammit. I’m no good at this shit.”
“I know.” Sam spun his phone in his hand idly. “I just wish she’d told us where she was.”
sick and tired of
That clearly didn’t make Sam feel any better. “How? The hell am I supposed to say? ‘Hey, Elle, just wondering if this ball thing you asked me to when we have a job to do and are clearly trying to not die is a date or not?’”
Dean walked over to the table and closed Charlie’s laptop. Sam jumped.
“Okay.” Cas squeezed his hand and let go, walking towards the couch.
“Bobby’s just pissed cuz I was teasing him about Jody,” Dean explained. Feeling unusually chipper, he kissed Cas’ cheek. The gooey look Cas gave him made it more than worth it, even with Sam’s gagging noise in the background. “We’re good.”
Bobby set his jaw. There was a look in his eyes that Dean recognized. He’d seen it on plenty of people. It was the look of someone who’s lost hope, who’s accepted their fate. Or, in this case, accepted the fate of someone they loved.
“Well?” Dean asked irritably.
“Looks like there’s been another death,” he told Sam as they walked into the room. “Same deal. Heart cut out.”
“They last. As long as no one destroys them, they can live for centuries. They’re sentries.” He looked up at them, at the way the canopy dappled the blue sky above them. “They watch and listen and prove that life and time goes on. Empires can rise and fall, but as long as no one interferes with the trees, they remain.”
“What library are you going to, man?” Dean asked.
“Dammit, Sammy, you don’t know how hard this is,” Dean snapped.
Sam’s, and now
“You managed.”
He felt some muffled vibrations against his chest but couldn’t decipher them. Reluctantly, he let her go.
“You think I give a damn?” he groaned, checking out his now busted knuckles.
“Fine. Really.” Sam chuckled lightly. “Actually, better than fine. I haven’t felt this good since…” He really laughed, then. “I have no idea.” His face fell. “We gotta fix Cas, though.”
“No. And it ain’t your business, anyway,” Bobby said, waving the spatula at Dean and Sam. Dean threw up his hands and plastered a shit-eating grin on his face. Sam shook his head and poured himself a cup of coffee. “What’ve we got?”
The sparkle turned into a smile. “Who started it?” He blocked the door.
“You mean easy prey?” Dean asked, his eyebrows going up.
Dean knew there was something different about this forest the second they left the parking lot and started walking on a trail. It was...older. Untamed. Dean had the distinct feeling that the world could--and had--gone through countless changes and this forest had stayed the same.
coined for the nerd in the trenchcoat, was an earthquake, a devastation in his mind. Blue eyes and wild hair. Scant inches of space between them. Intense, burning looks and glances and a voice like gravel.
Charlie pursed her lips and squinted at him. “We’ll deal with that next time. You’re a smart cookie.” Her eyes sparkled. “See if you can figure it out.”
Dean knew his brother well enough to know that Sammy was lying out of his ass. But he also knew him well enough not to push it. “Okay. Bobby’s making coffee. Come on down when you’re ready.”
“Is this part of your homework as a Cupid?” Dean asked, walking towards the entrance of the range. “Trying to get me to break my bad habits?”
“No, dumbass. He’s alive.”
Those perfect blue eyes flicked up to Dean’s for a moment--flicked up and held for a heartbeat before looking away. Dean’s heart did another backflip.
“I don’t. I just want to know if I’m broken.” Cas stared through the trees. “I changed after I brought Dean back from hell.” He pointedly ignored Charlie, but he saw her lean forward from the corner of his eye.
Cas frowned. “This is important?”
“Uh huh. That all you showing her?”
, he reminded himself in a voice that sounded an awful lot like his father. He hated that voice. The beers and the whiskey and the goddamn
“You’re staying at her place?” Dean asked, turning around so Cas could see how high his eyebrows were. This was
That didn’t make it any easier. It never made it any easier. Charlie was joining the lineup of lost family members. Dean’s parents. Ellen. Jo. Cas.
She continued. “Emmanuel is beginning to get tired. He can help you folks, but you’re the last ones for today.” Her eyes grew wider when she saw Sam and Dean. “You boys look just like--”
He glanced up at Sam after grabbing the bullets. “Shut up.”
“We’re at the cabin,” Cas told him. His blue eyes almost sparkled in the moonlight.
“I, uh, guess I should head to bed.” He jerked his thumb awkwardly towards the stairs.
Dean frowned. “Ten? Are Sam and Bobby back yet?”
“I’ve missed a lot, huh?” Jody asked.
,” Charlie answered. “How’d they find you? How do we kill them?”
Dean let his head fall back onto the head rest. He wanted to brush this off. He wanted to drive and blast classic rock and ignore his feelings for a few hours.
Dean abruptly let Cas go and cleared his throat. “Glad to have you back, man.”
She nodded, then grimaced and switched to a thumbs up. “As long as that thing--” she jerked her thumb to the hourglass thingamajig, “--doesn’t break or fall into the wrong hands, yeah, he’ll stay back.” She held up her hand to stop Dean’s next comment. Or threat. Dean hadn’t decided what would come first. “I will do everything in my power to make sure it doesn’t.” She met Dean’s eyes, and he saw something new in hers. Power. Raw, fierce, more intense than he could describe,
Dean stared at him blearily. “Thought we had the Leviathans to deal with?” He poured himself a cup of coffee.
“Bye, guys!” Sam called. He was at the door, laptop and duffel bags slung over his shoulder.
Dean’s eyebrows went up. His brain felt like it was short circuiting.
, said her voice in his head.
Feeling suddenly wary, Cas said, “Okay.”
“Biggerson’s,” Sam said. His eyes were bright and excited. This was a lead--a good, real, concrete lead. He wouldn’t look so damn happy otherwise.
“I could fly us there,” Cas offered. “It would be faster.”
It took all of Dean’s self-control to not roll his eyes. He settled for giving Sam a flat look. For the millionth time, he missed Charlie.
“I don’t bite. I promise.” Her voice was warmer. “Just put those guns away, and we can talk.”
Bobby nodded and poured more shots. Sam pulled his glass away. “I’m good.”
After her parents went to bed, she pulled out her laptop. “Damn, this thing is ancient,” she muttered. “Gotta fix you up. What’s the…” She paused. “Wifi. Where’s the wifi?”
“It was mostly little things,” Sam said. “The way you look at each other. The way you say Cas’ name. How fucking devastated you’ve been since we thought he died.”
“So am I,” Cas said. Dean noticed a worry line between his eyebrows again. What was going through Cas’ head?
Dean froze. He stayed still, leaning against the wall.
“You’ve only ever been this mad at Sam and your dad, right?”
For the first time in his life, fear took over Dean. He couldn’t move. He couldn’t speak. Before Cas went crazy, they were not in a good place. If Cas was back to normal, what did that mean for them?
“Yeah, man, I know,” Dean said, trying to brush it off. He reached for the door handle.
Cas had seen that. Cas knew his soul. He knew what Dean’s heart was like, and he didn’t turn away. And that was a start.
“You seem...I don’t know. Lighter. Even with the Murphy’s law shit storm we’ve been dealing with.” He shrugged. “Whatever it is, I’m glad it’s helping.” He started putting silver bullets in his gun. “Interesting that Charlie came back as a Cupid, though.”
“Might as well.” Dean closed his eyes and frowned, hoping the witch didn’t have some weird spells blocking angels or something.
Bobby snorted. “I ain’t picky, Cas.” He grabbed a mug. “Thanks.”
The front door was open, and there was a line of people on the front steps. “Come on,” Sam said.
He wasn’t okay. He was fucking
Cas took his hand. “Dean?” Green eyes met perfectly blue ones. “Are you okay?”
Charlie nodded. “You okay? And think about it before you answer--don’t bullshit me. Or yourself. I
Bobby waited until Sam had disappeared from the stairs to talk again. “How do you think he’s really doing?”
“I’m sorry you had to see that. I don’t hurt people--any living beings, really--unless I have to.” When they didn’t move, she added, “I won’t hurt you.” It sounded like a promise. She stood a little taller and suddenly seemed oddly regal, even with blood and guts all over her clothes. “You need help, right?”
“Gabriel,” she said. “We’ve known each other a long time.” The air shimmered around them before they walked into a clearing with a modest-looking wooden cabin. “Come on in,” she said. When they hesitated, she added, “If I wanted to kill you, I would have already.”
“Right. How...uh…” Bobby seemed to be struggling with words. “How’s your melon?”
Sam snorted and shook his head.
Okay. He took a deep breath and drank some water to stem down the wave of panic that was threatening to rise. He liked men and women. But did he want to have sex with men?
Sam scrunched up his nose. “It’s a ball.”
“Exactly. It’s Cas.” Sam closed the fridge. “Figure it out.”
“I think he’s got his brand of crazy under control and locked up, but I think the dam could break anytime.” A wave of barely concealed panic threatened to take Dean under, so he drank.
She shrugged. “Both. And as a Cupid, specifically. Not just an angel.”
. He couldn’t believe it, but it was going
“Nah. Garth. Not seeing Jody again until Friday.”
“I was! But I’m not anymore.”
After a moment of hesitation, Cas nodded. He glanced down at Dean. Worry and shyness and a little bit of fear were written across his face. “Yes. Was it all...okay? Is that okay?”
Bobby and Sam said their hellos as Dean found the news channel. Dean focused on the disturbing security footage as the reporter explained the scene.
Sam shook his head, chuckling under his breath. “Still can’t quite believe it.”
he tried to tell himself.
“Hey, kid,” Bobby said.
Fuck. What else did Cas know?
The tension in Dean’s chest eased for a heartbeat. “How? How do you trust us?”
Bobby and Sam were standing about a hundred yards from Elle’s cabin. “Think this is far enough away?” Dean asked as he joined them.
Bobby just looked at him.
“You’re intelligent. I’m sure you’re thinking of the same reasons I am.” His concerns about human-angel relationships were only half of the problem. To Cas’ knowledge, Dean only loved women. And Dean
Bobby threw up his hands in surrender. “Fine, then.” His eyes became laser-focused on the house. “Wonder what she is.”
“We need extra copies in case Charlie’s laptop breaks!”
Dean shrugged. “Getting by.” Sam’s eyes narrowed, but he pretended to buy it. Dean was sure he’d get a lecture later, but they didn’t have time for that. Not yet.
“We’ll meet you in the middle,” Dean said firmly. The last time he was on a plane, he and Sam had exorcised a demon. Having Charlie potentially trapped on a plane with anything was a dealbreaker. Demons were small fries, sure, but Leviathan? Hell no.
Sam’s eyebrows rose until they disappeared into his hair. “He’s buying up land. Tons of it. A whole town in Oregon.” Sam’s eyebrows came together in a frown. “What the hell?”
, he thought. Dean nodded slowly. “Okay. After this case. We deal with the case, then we deal with Cas.”
Sam’s eyes left the floor but kept their distance. “Pretty close.”
“Rufus’ old cabin,” Bobby jumped in.
“I thought you’d want some ready when you woke up. But then I didn’t want you to be surprised that I’d gone. So I made it and...um...came back to bed.” Cas’ voice got softer and shyer the longer he spoke.
Dean nodded. “And you’re a Cupid in training?”
, man.”
“No thank you,” Cas said. “I have yet to enjoy the taste of molecules in sandwiches. There are too many. It’s not pleasant.”
“We’ll get ‘em,” Sam said. “Just gotta get Charlie first.”
“I have to tell Sam and Dean,” Charlie said, fingers already flying over her computer.
“A witch had the power to make an angel?” Dean shook his head. “I don’t like that.”
Dean frowned and risked focusing on Cas instead of the floor. The angel almost looked...nervous? Awkward? But that didn’t make any sense.
Bobby smiled and raised his coffee mug in a toast.
“It’s a couple towns over. If I leave…” he checked his watch. “Now-ish, I’ll still be there with a few hours to spare. Could probably read in the morning, too.”
“Night, Dean,” Charlie called. Dean disappeared as quickly as he could and prayed to whoever was listening that Sam wouldn’t grill him about his feelings the next day. He’d had enough of that for several months, at least.
“I could’ve done it,” she said.
Dean dug in his bag for his toiletries, and his fingers brushed over something cylindrical. He pulled it out, rolling the candle in his hand.
“Jesus,” Dean muttered. “Cas, buddy, you gotta stay there, okay?”
“No, dingus. I’m trying to tell you the opposite.” She finally yanked an axe free. “You feel things super intensely. You can either let that hold you back or make you stronger.” She cocked an eyebrow at him. “What do you choose?”
Downstairs.
Bobby pressed his lips together and shook his head. “Not this time, kid. If it is Cas, he could probably fix Sam. And I’d rather put our humpty dumpty back together ASAP instead of waiting. Wouldn’t you?”
Dean dropped his bag. “Where is he now?”
Dean took a deep breath. “Or we go down together.”
Charlie shook her head quickly. “Nope. Definitely not.”
“Come on,” Charlie said, taking his arm. “Let’s go for a walk.” She pointed at Sam and Dean with her free hand. “Don’t do anything dumb.”
“A lot. I know.” She put her hands on his shoulders. “Can you tell me more?”
“I’m not gonna yell,” Dean said.
Dean groaned as he got changed. “Just what we need.”
A dull red glow came through the windows of the cabin. Dean didn’t realize he was starting to run towards it until he felt Sam holding him back. “We have to stay here,” he reminded him. But Dean could see the apology in his eyes.
“Frank Devereaux. Batshit crazy and paranoid, but he’s good at this kinda stuff. And he owes me.” Bobby tossed Dean a set of keys. “Go. Don’t do or say anything stupid. If he says something crazy, best to just smile and nod.”
Time restarted. Cas smiled, and Dean’s stomach twisted. Something was wrong. That smile was too easy, too...human. Cas looked back at the man in front of him. There was only one more person in line before Sam and Dean had to face him.
“You have?” Bobby asked.
“Sometimes a nickname is longer than the person’s actual name. Like, Sammy.” Cas waved at Sam. “Samuel is, of course, your full name. So Sam is short for Samuel. But Sammy is longer than Sam.”
Bobby held up his hands defensively. “I’m just asking. Figured now’s as good a time as any to check in.” His voice softened--a first in their relationship. “I got the voicemail, Dean.”
“Dean,” came Cas’ voice. He sounded
Dean looked at Cas and saw it: deep, deep fatigue in the soft lines on his face and in his eyes. Dean took Cas’ arm over his shoulders, and Cas smiled wearily in thanks. “Thank you, Elle,” the angel told her.
“You got whiskey,” Sam reminded him, nodding at the brown paper bag sitting on the counter.
Gabriel quirked an eyebrow.
Sam laughed lightly. Dean bit back a snort. “No, not that. For taking the crazy.” He studied the angel. “You didn’t have to.”
“Cas? Anybody home?” Dean’s green eyes were searching his, giving him a distinct “what the fuck” look.
“What’s the catch?” Bobby asked.
“I’ve read the books.”
Cas kissed him hard and thoroughly enough that Dean lost his balance and sense of time. “Thank you, Dean.” Cas frowned. “You taste funny.”
“My wife,” Cas explained. Dean felt a sharp stab of...something. Jealousy? No. Jealousy would be ridiculous. “At least, that’s what we told people. It was all for show, of course. A falsehood.” He turned to Jody. “I don’t know how I came back or who brought me back.”
“Let’s wait a bit,” Sam said. “I want to do some more research first.”
“I call shotgun,” Sam said. Dean glared at him. The idjit was intentionally giving Cas and Dean the backseat. What the hell was he doing? Not like anything would or could happen, anyway. Not with Bobby and Sam in the car.
Nope. No, he wasn’t going down that road. Thinking about that stupid, stubborn, lost angel never ended well. He cleared his throat before saying, “She’s fine.” When his response was met with blank stares, he added, “She’s being smart.”
It was a good dream this time, which scared Dean even more.
? Of course, he’d never learn that if he just stood outside the cabin for eternity. It was a rather appealing idea, but it wouldn’t solve anything. So Cas straightened his shoulders and walked inside.
“That fits a whole lot of people, Bobby,” Dean reminded him.
“Okay.” She crossed her arms, but there was a slight smile on her face. “Talk me through it. What are you thinking? Feeling?”
“Move, you stupid giant,” Dean grumbled. “I need coffee.”
. Relaxed. At home.
Charlie spun her head to find an extremely exasperated angel. At least, she assumed he was an angel. She’d never met him.
Dean cranked up the radio. He saw Sam’s clenched jaw from the corner of his eye and Cas’ devastated expression from the rearview mirror. But he couldn’t handle this conversation anymore. He couldn’t drive
“Bet she got something good,” Bobby said. His eyes shone with just a hint of pride.
“Any news from Charlie?” Sam asked in a slightly apologetic tone.
Dean closed and locked the door behind them. He chewed on his next question for a full five seconds before asking it. He still didn’t want to open the “feelings” can of worms, but Sam would want him to ask.
Cas smiled. “Okay. Good.”
Cas’ worried look was back. “That can’t be good for you.”
She was beaming. “I gotta go, but I wanted to say hi/bye first.”
Dean must’ve missed the sounds of Sam’s ginormous steps on the stairs. His heart kicked into overdrive. Sam’s eyes skimmed over Dean’s clothes, then Cas’ (or, rather, lack of clothes) before darting to the messy bed. His face was quickly getting as red as Dean’s felt.
“How’s your head?”
Dean nodded, holding it tight with one hand and breathing it in.
He finished getting ready for bed and slept fitfully, visions of Leviathans and Cas covered in bees flooding his dreams.
“There’s a ball Elle and I have to go to,” Sam told him. “Dean can explain the rest.” He grabbed his keys. “Be back soon.” He pointed at his brother. “Don’t do anything dumb.” He beamed at Cas. “I’m really happy for you guys. I mean it.” He left.
“I don’t know what to call it,” Sam said. “Almost like we’re being watched.”
“I’m dead,” she said out loud. No response.
“Guess so,” Sam said.
He sighed heavily before picking up his next axe. “Is bisexuality really a thing? Or is it just a phase people go through?”
Dean ran his hand over his hair, then down his face. “I’m dreaming. I’ve gotta be dreaming.”
“He also fixed Sam.”
Almost.
Dean had two books on either side of him and one in front of him. He was still stuck at the table of contents. “Not yet.”
“Can I talk then?” Sam asked, letting go of Dean’s shoulders.
Dean had a bad feeling about this. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Sam and Dean looked at each other in surprise. “Uh, yeah. How’d you guess?”
Dean sighed but did what she asked. He knew she wouldn’t let him leave before they talked this out, and since she was his only ride, might as well get the “feelings talk” over with. “Not really.”
in them. Regret. Worry. Fear. “I
“Good morning, Dean.” Cas’ voice sounded annoyingly awake. “Did you sleep okay?”
handling it--then Cas would be
“I looked it up,” Cas said. “There are several different methods, but I found the instructions for this one. The beans might not be ground correctly.”
Her eyes flashed with...something. Power? Dean couldn’t quite read it. “We’re running out of time,” she said. “I need to charge this, which means you three--” she waved at Sam, Bobby, and Dean--”need to go.”
Dean snorted. “Bobby with a Ouiji board. That’d be a sight.”
Emmanuel gave him a small, cordial, warm smile before resting his hand on Dean’s leg. The pain faded instantly. Dean heard the familiar soft chime that always accompanied an angel’s healing, but there was something new. Emmanuel’s hand glowed--which was also normal--but the glow was spreading across Dean’s leg and Emmanuel’s arm.
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean said. “They are.” There was a strange, light, almost giddy feeling in his stomach. Was that...happiness?
Cas relaxed. “Thank you.”
Cas’ eyes were wary, maybe even a little hopeful. “Or?”
The butterflies died as quickly as they’d taken flight. Why the fuck was Dean this affected? He’d liked people before. He’d loved people before.
Recognition sparked in Cas’ eyes. “Is that what caused your leg injury?” Dean grabbed the whiskey and opened it with a questioning look. “The one that I healed. When my memory came back.”
Cas smiled up at Dean. “It’s okay, Dean. She won’t hurt me.”
. “Ever been axe throwing?”
“Yeah. Said he had to go watch the bees and fucking disappeared.”
“The woods are good, right?” Charlie asked.
“I’ll catch you up,” Bobby told her. They stood, and Bobby gave Dean a warning look. Dean threw up his hands in surrender. What did Bobby want? For Dean to not be pissed the hell off at the guy who broke his brother? Who was the reason behind the mess of a world they were dealing with? “Play nice,” Bobby said.
“With all due respect,” Elle shook her head. “No, Dean. You can’t. Do you have a space that’s prepared to keep objects sealed away and prevent intruders from finding it for millennia?” Her eyes drifted to each of them in turn.
got antsy,” Sam said. His hair was almost messier than Dean’s. His shoulders were tense, and his hazel eyes were flashing with anger and frustration.
Hope rose and bloomed hard and strong and fast. They moved forward again, just far enough that they could see the healer. Dean saw a man pressing his hand to an elderly woman’s forehead. A man with dark brown hair and shoulders broad and strong enough that his blue dress shirt was pulled taut between them. The man’s eyes opened. Crystal clear, fucking perfect blue eyes.
“I’m real, kid,” she told him gently. Her eyes were apologetic. “I died and everything, but I’m real now. See?” She took his hand and squeezed it. “Not a ghost. Really here.”
Cas didn’t react. Sam put down his book and joined Dean in the kitchen. “I’ve gotta go to the library,” he said, loudly enough for Cas to hear. “I don’t think Bobby has the books Elle needs.”
But that out meant hiding. It meant keeping himself in the closet, keeping what he had with Cas tucked away. And every fiber of his being rebelled against that idea. “No.”
Dean felt like someone had kicked the wind out of him. The joy and relief shattered. Cas was looking into his eyes, but there was no recognition. There was polite curiosity and general warmth. None of Cas’ intensity.
to give me the last night on earth speech.”
“We’ll stay put,” Sam assured her. She pulled Cas outside. Dean had clearly lost all self control and any semblance of sanity, because he gave Cas one last, longing look as he and Charlie left.
Something in Dean twisted. That soft smile was easily one of the most beautiful things he’d ever seen, but it wasn’t Cas. This was
“Of course,” Cas said. Then he added, “I’m sorry.”
“If you’re not back in a day, I’ll send a search party,” Bobby said.
“Hang on,” Dean said. “Is this a date?”
“What?”
“What kind of mess did you make?” Sam asked in a wary voice.
“No, Cas, we didn’t,” Bobby said. Dean knew that tone. Bobby had used it on him when he’d woken up from a nightmare--placating, grounding.
“Not exactly,” Sam said.
Dean scratched his head. “Yeah, I guess so.”
“Is everything okay?” Cas asked.
The angel’s strong arms wrapped around him, holding him tight and close. “Thank you, Dean,” he mumbled. The words were slightly muffled by Dean’s shoulder.
“Good memory,” Charlie said.
“Dammit,” he said a little more loudly.
Dean looked at the honey and wondered if some of the bees had somehow gotten into his stomach. That would explain the tingling, nervous, butterfly sort of sensation that had taken root there. He shook his head. “Fucking hell,” he muttered. He got back in the car, gently put the honey in the passenger seat, and drove away. “Charlie, I know you saw that. I ain’t talking about it yet.”
“Bacon?”
Dean blinked a few times. What was he doing? “Taking your clothes off.”
“Cas the angel?” Jody asked, glancing up at Dean for confirmation. He nodded. “Huh,” she said. She smiled at Cas, but it didn’t quite reach her eyes. “You’ve put these boys through hell and back.”
Dean nodded, trying to not think about how this could go sideways. “It has to work. It has to.”
Dean checked his phone. “Seven a.m.? That’s early-ish now?”
“I keep up with the news,” she said easily. “And with Gabriel.”
Sam went quiet, and Dean knew he was remembering all the times they’d been Charlie’s backup on the outside, making sure the tech went smoothly. “She’s too smart to go somewhere like that without backup, Sammy.”
“I’m sure this feels pretty Hansel-and-Gretel to you boys, but I promise I’m here to help.”
Dean’s heart started racing. “Okay,” he said cautiously.
. He’d think through his stupid, stubborn, irrational feelings. He got out of bed, quickly and quietly, and went down to the kitchen to get some water.
. Even in death, Dean wanted to protect her.
“We’ve had bad luck with witches,” Sam said apologetically.
Balthazar. Gabriel. Cas. Jesus, they really were all dead.
Dean thought. Charlie had said it so often that he heard it in her voice. Deep breath in. Say it on the exhale. “She’s gone, Bobby.”
“Just more of the same.” Sam came into the kitchen, taking the beer Bobby gave him. “They’ve got something big planned. I just don’t get why they’re buying up so much land.”
She glanced up. “Aaaand, that’s my cue. Later, bitches.” She was gone.
how fit the angel was. Really, really liked it. He’d wanted--god, he’d
“How late is the library open, anyway?” he asked in a louder voice.
Bobby didn’t respond.
It took all of Dean’s self-control to not tell it to shut up.
Charlie looked up. “Uh, nope. Sorry guys. I’m being summoned.” She gave them a wave that was almost a salute. “I’ll be back soon. Probably.” And with a rush of wings, she was gone.
Cas’ eyebrows went up, accentuating his bright blue eyes. “Go ahead. I’m listening. Tell me how stupid I was.”
“Charlie?” Dean asked. He got into the truck, gingerly putting Charlie’s laptop bag in the back seat.
“Yep,” Bobby confirmed. “Makes our job difficult, but not impossible.”
“I think--”
Dean took a breath to tune in. He blinked several times in surprise. “Shit. Not really. It’s...better.”
“What he did wasn’t okay,” Dean reminded her.
“Might need to get your Cupid glasses checked,” Bobby commented.
he told himself.
Dean didn’t say anything.
An idea came to him--one grounded in tradition and superstition, one that he’d always shrugged off. But what the hell did he have to lose? So he dug around in his bag and found what he was looking for: a candle and a matching holder. He took them up to his room, closed the door, and set them on his desk.
Bobby frowned at him. “You sure?”
Dean frowned again. “Gabriel? I thought he died.”
Cas’ whole damn expression lifted. It was subtle changes--his shoulders dropping, the creases in his forehead disappearing, a light sparking in those stupidly blue eyes. Cas looked lighter. Hopeful, even. He nodded. “Thank you, Dean.”
There were more feelings, too. Feelings that had grown over time. Fear--mind-numbing, paralyzing fear--that threatened to take over whenever Dean was in trouble and Cas couldn’t help. Guilt that nearly swallowed him when he screwed up (which was often). And devastation that felt like a hole in his chest whenever Dean pushed him away.
Dean’s jaw dropped slightly. He turned around so he was facing Cas again. Those blue eyes were so hesitant, so worried. “Is that okay?”
“Can’t we just throw these things?”
“Dean.” Something in Sam’s voice stopped him. “I’m serious.”
“Text me when you get there,” Dean said, feeling ridiculous but also suddenly nervous.
Dean froze but feigned innocence. “Charlie?”
Elle rolled her eyes. “I can tell when angels are in the woods.” She exhaled in a rush. “And
Dean finished his coffee and poured a second cup. “So?”
“How long can somebody actually spend at a damn axe-throwing range?” Bobby demanded when Dean finally walked in the door.
“How come?”
“He apologized, Dean,” Charlie said gently. “Who are you actually helping by holding on to your anger?”
“Evil Leviathan dopplegangers, remember?”
, he thought as he took a swig of his beer.
The Star Wars reference had been a joke between them for years. He’d thought enough about love for the night.
Cas’ eyes darted up, hopeful and open and so, so blue.
“Shut up, idjit.” Bobby picked up. “Yeah?”
would he have accepted his oldest son, his soldier, as a man who liked men.
Dean’s whole body tensed. “It’s not that simple, Sammy.”
Dean almost yelled at her but decided to throw an axe instead. Oddly enough, he instantly felt calmer. “Yeah. Maybe.”
Dean nodded, relief flooding through him. He walked towards the stairs again. “G’night, Cas.”
“Feel what?”
“I’m not sure we have the juice to make you a Cupid,” he said. “But we could use another angel. Assuming you’re not hellbent on destroying us?”
“When you heal people,” he said, trying to come up with something to change the subject, “how does it work?”
toast,” Charlie said, grinning. She stood and held out her hands. Dean groaned again, but he took them and let her guide him to his feet.
“Shut up, you idjits,” Bobby snapped. “There’s no way she can’t hear you.”
? You aren’t anymore?”
, he remembered Cas telling him once.
“I’ll go first,” Cas said. “Get my coat and jacket. Give you a minute to wake up.” He stood, and Dean’s panicked eyes darted up to him. The look on his face broke Dean’s heart. Cas might as well have been a soldier going into battle. Resigned. Determined to be strong, regardless of anything else he might be feeling.
“Yeah.” Dean frowned. “Think we could be looking at the alpha werewolf?”
Dean swallowed the wave of disappointment. “S’okay.” Sam walked out of the bathroom. “We’ll come back first thing in the morning.”
Dean’s heart twisted in his chest. “Go? Cas, we just got you back.”
weaker. I’m not the angel who fought by your side before. I’m not human, but I’m...not a normal angel, either. I’m something in between. Something broken.” Cas’ eyebrows pulled together as his shoulders fell. Dean’s heart cracked. “I’m sorry. I’d fix it if I--”
“A ball,” Sam repeated. He looked absolutely terrified. “With dancing. And fancy forks.” He swallowed. “I have to wear a tux.”
Sam laughed again. “I’ll have to buy her a beer or something.” He made a face. “Do Cupids drink beer?”
“Queer relationships,” Cas said softly. “Like…” Hope exploded in his chest. “Me and--”
Sam had a good point. In the five minutes they’d known him, Frank had already threatened to shoot them and rambled about how the government had cloned them. He didn’t need to know exactly what the Leviathans were. He just needed to make sure the Leviathan couldn’t trace Sam and Dean anymore. And, with any luck, hack into Charlie’s laptop.
Sam’s look was somewhere between pitying and that stupid puppy dog face. He opened his mouth to say something, but Dean waved, cutting him off. “Don’t.”
“If there’s coffee, he can’t be far behind,” Bobby said.
. How had Cas known exactly what he wanted without even asking?
“I’m going to study the bees.”
Dean gasped. Audibly gasped like some preteen seeing her friggin’ crush. “Cas?”
Dean tried again, but this time, his voice was noticeably tight. “Why are you naked and covered in bees?”
--and instinctively knew it was his home. He was sitting on a leather couch that was clearly well loved, but not too loved. Comfy in all the right places. Still clean.
Bobby walked towards her slowly. “Charlie?”
“I’m not third-wheeling anymore. Not since you’ve finally gotten your head out of your ass,” Sam hissed.
A new memory popped into Dean’s mind, unbidden. Cas, covered in bees. Cas, covered in only bees. That strange feeling he’d had in his stomach.
Charlie scrunched her nose. “That was a little more complicated. But yeah. Kind of. Dean especially needed more time to forgive you. And he got it.”
“And that job is stopping the Leviathans?” Cas asked. “Or killing them?”
Charlie shrugged. “There are a few good ones. Just gotta find ‘em.”
She arched an eyebrow. “And how exactly could I warn you? Earth to Dean, Charlie incoming? Angel alert?”
Charlie had said. Dean rubbed his eyes and sat up. Took another deep breath. He’d actually managed to get drunk the night before, but that didn’t save him from this. He rubbed one hand down his face.
“I get it,” she told the angel. “Here.” She sat in an armchair by the fire and patted the seat of the chair next to her. “Will you come and sit with me?”
“There’s plenty of room,” Dean said.
Some part of Dean’s brain registered that thought.
Sam. So I’ll have to hide it and seal it away.”
Hope peeked through the heartbreak like a plant desperately trying to break through soil. Yes, Dean desperately wanted Cas back. But could he afford to hope for that?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Seriously,” Sam said. “We’ve been over this.”
Cas paused. Dean could almost watch the angel sort through his thoughts and see the wheels turning in his head. Cas studied him for a beat before his shoulders fell. “Everything. The lying, the Leviathans, the--”
“Well, not that obvious. Sam figured it out first.” Bobby shook his head, grumbling as he popped some bread in the toaster. “Damn kid.”
“Any chance you got pie?” Dean asked, intentionally keeping the hope out of his voice.
, Charlie.”
threatening him, either. “Don’t say it.”
Dean’s heart melted. Cas made coffee? Then
wasn’t worrisome at all. Dean sighed and nodded, ignoring the nerves that were rapidly spreading from his heart to his fingers and toes. “Yeah. We can talk tomorrow.”
“Right here,” said a grumbly, sleepy voice.
“Well, what the hell did it say?”
Sam’s shoulders sagged. “Yeah. But it’s manageable.”
“She had to leave.” Cas frowned at the table and the papers strewn across it. “What happened here?”
Cas, Bobby, Dean, and Sam all turned to Elle, slack-jawed. She dropped her hands. “I said I wanted to help.” Her voice softened. “Do you believe me now?”
“Shut up,” Dean said.
“Okay. But how…” Dean waved his hand. “You know. The other thing.”
Sam opened a beer.
Charlie blew a kiss at him. Cas’ eyes were so fucking soft. Elle gave him a tiny nod.
Sam went to bed almost immediately after dinner. Not wanting to get caught up in another feelings chat with Bobby, Dean did the same.
Sam put away his gun. Dean, reluctantly, did the same. “How did you know?” he asked since Sam still seemed dumbstruck.
“We have. I just want to make sure you don’t stab him the second we see him.”
The fear in Sam’s eyes mixed with sadness, but he listened anyway. “Hey, Bobby.” Fortunately, Sam didn’t put him on speakerphone. “No, not yet. We’re headed to her apartment.” A pause. Dean turned the corner and pretended the pounding of his heart in his ears was just someone running down the sidewalk. “We started with the cafes, Bobby.” Another right turn. Her building was only a few more blocks away. “You don’t think she’d be in there?” Dean frowned at his brother before focusing again on the road. “We’ll start with her apartment. Yes, we’ll call if we find anything.” Sam hung up.
Gabriel’s golden eyes focused. Charlie could have sworn on all of her D&D dice that he was staring into her soul. “Then you know they broke the rules. They burned the book. And a whole lot of my brothers and sisters died because Cas decided to play God.”
fault?”
“Forty bucks, huh?” Dean asked, smiling now.
Charlie shook her head sadly. “No, not yet. But Hannah’s looking. He’s just constantly flying. Never stays still for long, and there’s no pattern to where he goes that we can figure out.” She gave Dean an unusually serious look. “Keep in mind--it’s one thing to find him. It’s another thing to keep him from running away, and a whole other shindig to get him to come with us.”
“Hey.” Dean grabbed his brother’s shoulder. “She was here. I don’t know how, ‘cuz she got a bona fide hunter’s funeral and everything. But she was here.”
“Family,” Cas repeated, his eyes dropping. Dean was suddenly intensely, painfully aware of how close they were. There was barely any space between them at all. “What does that mean?” Cas asked quietly, his eyes popping back up and searching Dean’s.
Sam nodded, took the laptop and his duffel bag, and went upstairs. He dumped his shit unceremoniously on the bed and ran a hand over his face. Finally, in the quiet of the room, he gave into the question he’d been too afraid to voice. “Cas, where are you? Are you even here? We need you, man.” There was no answer, of course. But he’d needed to ask.
No response.
“Cas, we’ve been over this. I forgive you.”
Sam nodded. “Right. Of course you don’t. Because that’s healthy.”
So he thought. He remembered as much of human history as he could. And a new thought came to his mind.
“It really worked?” Bobby asked.
he thought.
Cas let his fingers run through Dean’s hair again. “I know you.” He rested his head on Dean’s, shifting slightly to get the right angle and humming happily when he found it, and that was it. Dean was a total goner. Any doubts of his love for Cas disappeared as he drifted off into sleep.
“Hi/bye?” Sam asked, frowning. “You just got here.”
Bobby poured whiskey into his coffee. “Dick Roman?”
Sam flushed and shrugged. “I dunno.”
“We?” Sam asked. A sly grin was growing on his face. “Bobby, do you have company?”
“Did I know you get the hots for guys sometimes or Cas in particular?” When Dean didn’t answer, he sighed. “I had no clue until that dork with wings showed up.”
Charlie radiated excitement. Cas had a feeling it was taking conscious effort for her to not bounce or stand and pace. “What do you feel when you think about Dean? Or when you’re around him?”
They appeared just at the edge of the range, safely out of sight. “Any leads on Cas?” Dean asked, trying to hide how nervous he was.
“A goddess, maybe?” Sam asked. Before Dean could make a snide remark, he added, “Think about it. What other creature is powerful enough to make something explode?”
“Extremely,” Charlie said. “How are you even standing?”
“Zeppelin, Sammy. Always Zeppelin.”
“We gotta do some hacking,” Sam said that afternoon. It was their second day in Oregon, and Sam had talked Dean into working at a cafe.
did was
But with the revelations of the past few days, what the hell did that even mean anymore?
“Okay,” Bobby said warily. “So why d’you look like you just ate a lemon?”
And Charlie was going to rub it all in his face any fucking minute. But he needed sleep. Jesus fucking Christ on a cracker did he need sleep. So he took his water, went back upstairs, closed the door to his room, and whispered, “Charlie?”
“I don’t understand that reference.”
“Well, I did want to say hi and tell you I’m okay. But that’s not the only reason why I’m here.” She wiggled her eyebrows.
“That’s not everything,” Dean said. He took a breath to brace himself. “
“Uh, thank you!” Dean called from the front steps. No response. He looked at Sam and shrugged. “Come on. We gotta tell Bobby.”
“You really think he’s sleeping?” Sam asked.
And there it was, the feeling he’d been ignoring and burying under the anger: heartbreak. Pure, sharp, unadulterated heartbreak. Cas was gone. Again. “Yeah,” Dean said. He reached into the fridge for a beer. “Learn anything interesting?”
“This is wrong,” Sam said. “This shouldn’t have happened. I know it’s never right, but--”
Sam smiled and clapped him on the back. “Come on. Let’s kill something that’s actually killable.”
A subtle smirk grew on Charlie’s face. “Go on.”
Sam nodded. Dean had the distinct impression that Elle was trying to detect a lie and Sam was trying to flirt.
“Not a spotlight person?” Sam asked.
. He’d be here and helping us, not stuck in a--a holy fire
A soft smile grew on Cas’ face. “Cas. You gave me that nickname.”
Bobby exhaled heavily. “Maybe. But we gave her a hunter’s funeral.” He took a deep breath. “Anything good on her laptop?”
Bobby smiled--actually smiled.
“Which means we need to find out where they’re perfecting the formula,” Dean said, his mind already working. “Any idea how to start on that?”
Bobby shrugged. “No rule saying you can’t light a candle
“That doesn’t mean we have to tell them right away.”
Dean shrugged. The eye contact was too much again. “I’ll work on changing it, I guess. But it doesn’t really matter.”
How long had they been hugging?
was he going to act around him?
Dean burst out laughing--doubled-over, stitches in his sides laughing. This was priceless. Sam Winchester, who had spent over a year in hell with the actual devil, who’d been fighting monsters since he was a kid, was afraid of a
Dean frowned.
“Bullshit.”
Dean slept more soundly that night than he had in years.
“Wait,” Dean said, standing. Cas paused, turned towards him. That familiar tension, that
Dean glowered at the door before sighing and opening it. The only way out was through. The only way to wake up was coffee. The only way to get coffee was to go downstairs and face everyone.
“Dean, cut it out,” Sam yelled.
Dean tried to let that sink in. He’d never thought of it that way, but he heard the truth in it. Charlie squeezed his shoulders. “I think forgiving Cas would do you a
“The slightly confused, someone-whacked-you-in-the-head face.” Dean spun an imaginary circle around his head. “Cartoon stars.”
“Dean.” Cas brushed his thumb over the back of Dean’s hand. “We don’t have to tell them today if you want more time. I know this is a lot.”
Dean wasn’t ready for this conversation. Not even
“Even when they’re in their late 20’s or early 30’s?” Dean asked. His voice was getting smaller, more timid. He hated it, but he knew Charlie wouldn’t judge him for it. He threw his axe.
. His heart thudded in his chest, and Dean’s eyes opened.
“You told me you’d kill Cas if you saw him.” Sam watched Dean carefully for his reaction. All he saw were fingers clenching around the steering wheel, knuckles going white. “I forgive him, Dean. Can’t you?”
“Dude. What the hell are you doing?” Sam asked in a low voice.
“Bobby filled me in,” Sam said, ignoring Lucifer’s huge grin behind them. “Who are you really helping by staying mad?”
An idea sparked in Charlie’s mind. A wild, undoubtedly batshit, probably completely impossible idea.
“What’re you doing with Jody on Friday?” Dean asked. Sam perked up and stared at Bobby.
But the past few weeks had kicked his defenses, every instinct and desire he’d been hiding from himself, down to the point where they crumbled into ash. Dean remembered all of the men over the years who he’d been, if he was being completely honest, slightly obsessed with. The actors he’d followed, the ones whose lines he’d memorized. The way he’d admired everything about their bodies and tried to imitate them.
“They’ll read the room and know immediately, probably.”
“Better bring a peace offering,” Bobby said. He tossed a protein bar and a water bottle to Dean. “Those should help. I’ll get more coffee going.”
“This way,” Sam said, waving and walking towards Elle’s cabin.
There was a pause as Charlie thought it over. “I could fly.”
“The five of you as a group,” she said. “One favor of my choosing.”
Dean slammed on the brakes as his heart started working overtime. He nearly jumped out of the driver’s seat. “Cas, what the
Bobby threw up his hands. “Her words, not mine. Blue eyes, dark brown hair. Tall.”
“That’s...good?” Cas asked.
Sam glanced at his phone. He almost looked scared. “It’s Bobby.”
Her favorite kind.
Dean walked into the kitchen, completely bewildered. Sure enough, a smiling Charlie and Sam were cooking. Well, Sam was cooking. Charlie was setting the table.
“Careful, Bobby, or you’ll make a hunter out of a perfectly nice--”
“Shut up,” Sam snapped. “Let’s go. Charlie, Bobby, where did you park?”
Sam and Dean took theirs. “To Charlie.” There was a deceptively pleasant clink of the shot glasses before the trio downed their whiskey.
Bobby waved Sam away. “Nah. Should be a milk run. Think it’s just one vamp.”
Sam paused, reading Dean’s face, before nodding. He sprinkled salt and then gas over her body. God, Charlie was
“Uh…” Sam said. Dean had to bite back a laugh. Sam was rarely at a loss for words.
. “It’s about damn time.”
“Didn’t say if she had a buddy or if it was a solo gig,” Sam said.
Cas tilted his chin up, and his eyes were a fire of arousal, fear, and something else. Something sharper. “All of the women you meet, flirt with, and fuck in the same night. And never speak to again.”
“Welcome home,” Bobby said when they walked in the door. “Got anything for me?”
“Anybody wanna tell me what the hell that was?” Frank asked several long seconds later. Or maybe it was minutes. Dean had lost time due to shock.
Dean nodded.
“No pulse,” Sam choked out. His eyes were hazy with tears when they found his brother’s. “Dean, she’s gone.”
“I’m not saying it was,” Charlie said. There was just a hint of exasperation in her voice. “No one is saying it was. Forgiveness and saying something is okay are not the same thing.”
what the look over dinner meant.
“Because he’s a smart son of a bitch, even with Lucifer riding shotgun,” Bobby said.
“How d’you think he’s doing?” Bobby asked carefully.
Dean snorted. “I’m that easy to read, huh?”
“We all have, Bobby,” Sam said gently.
Maybe. Maybe Cas felt it, too.
“Sorry about that. Didn’t mean to surprise you. Been trying to materialize all day. Guess something didn’t work quite right.” She directed her last sentence to the ceiling.
The remaining research--and Dean’s whiskey--went by surprisingly fast. The only interruption was a text from Sam, telling Dean that he’d made it and would get a motel that night.
“We tried,” Dean said. “Turns out dropping a car on these sons of bitches doesn’t do the trick. Borax and beheading seems to be our best shot so far.”
“Shit,” Dean said. He took another swig of whiskey. “Anything, uh, else?”
“Zel--” Gabriel shook his head. “Fine.”
“Take a breath, Dean,” Sam said.
Dean sighed heavily and ran a hand down his face. “It has to do with Cas. And Charlie.”
“Sam?” Dean asked quietly, not even realizing he was asking for support. His knees felt weak. Why did his knees feel weak? Why the hell wouldn’t his heart stop pounding?
“What’s wrong with you?” Dean asked as he got the toast out of the toaster. “Bad news from Elle?”
Dean clenched his jaw but couldn’t look away. The anger in his chest started to fade, revealing something just as sharp but bittersweet, too. He’d
. Your own damn feelings for the past few fucking years.” She raised her eyebrows. “Are you really gonna pretend you don’t want to date him?”
He’d wanted to make a mix-tape.
In spite of everything, Dean grinned. “Yeah, she told me.”
“It’s 5 o’clock somewhere.” He reached for his flask. Charlie instantly took it out of his hand and threw it in the car. “Hey!”
Charlie’s face fell. “Well, the ones that are left mostly believe the same things. None of them wanted the apocalypse to come back.”
“You sure he’s lying?”
Cas frowned but nodded, putting the jacket between his head and the window. “Thank you, Dean.”
Bobby shrugged. “How’d you like to work a normal case? Once we handle the goons running around wearing you and your brother.”
“What?” Sam asked, completely bewildered.
“Praying will be more efficient,” Cas said.
“Cas, can you walk?” Sam asked.
Dean glanced from his brother to Bobby and back. Understanding lit Sam’s eyes. Yes, he and Dean had been over it. Dean and Bobby hadn’t.
The mood in the car dropped instantly. Sam shot a worried look at Dean, who couldn’t take his eyes off of the road. Anger flared again, and he had to clench his jaw to keep more vitriolic words from spilling out.
The cabin didn’t look like an evil witch’s lair. Dean had to admit that it was almost cozy. A little eclectic, maybe, but warm. Homey. There were shelves on most of the walls that were filled with either books, crystals, or spell ingredients. Nothing unusual for a witch.
“It hasn’t been years, dude,” Dean said. Sam gave him his classic bitchface. “Fine. What am I supposed to do, man? It’s Cas.” Dean couldn’t fight the slight panic in his voice.
“See you soon. Watch your back,” Bobby reminded him.
Sam’s eyebrows were trying to join his hairline.
“Award?” Dean asked.
Twenty minutes later, they were pulling up to the range. “I’m gonna text Sam,” Dean said. “He’s probably wondering where I went.”
He set the candle and its holder on the flimsy desk, pulled out his Zippo, and lit it. The candle crackled and came to life, slightly blurry in Dean’s whiskey-enhanced vision.
Dean’s eyebrows shot up. “Why? You don’t think Sam’s been through enough already?”
. He could drink to the bottom of a handle later, but first, they had to get the hell out of Chicago.
“Will you listen to someone other than Dean this time?” Bobby asked, leaning against the stairs.
“I know, Cas, I know,” Sam said, waving the apology away. “And I get it. You were trying to save us, right? From Apocalypse: Take Two?”
“How’s a hot toddy sound?” she asked. “I imagine this is a lot for you to take in. And no, I’m not trying to get you drunk,” she said as Dean opened his mouth to respond. He promptly closed it.
Sam frowned. “Okay. Heal what, exactly? Your liver? Some broken bone that didn’t heal right?”
“Jesus fuck, what is he on?” Dean said under his breath.
“Okay...” Bobby said. He was too damn smart to not know where this was going, and his tone made that quite clear.
“Does it matter?” Dean demanded, no longer pacing and instead holding his arms out wide for emphasis. “If she can help, and if she helped Charlie, and if she closed some of the seals that kept the cage shut, does it matter?”
Dean grinned and told Cas in a conspiratorial tone, “This has gotta be good.”
Sam’s hazel eyes studied Dean carefully. “Does it have something to do with whatever you’re not telling me?”
“He’s a fucking angel, Charlie.” Dean threw an axe a little more carelessly than he meant to. It landed in their lane, but he still winced. His aim had
They shook their heads. “I had a panic room,” Bobby said.
Something twisted in Dean--some horrible, soul-wrenching nausea. He barely made it through a traffic light, and a couple cars honked at him for cutting it so close. His hands clenched around the steering wheel until his knuckles were white.
“Charlie.” Sam beamed and picked her up. She squealed, and for just a moment, Dean imagined that this was all that mattered. They were together and happy and whole.
Dean’s jaw dropped. “But…”
Cas chewed on his bottom lip. That was a human behavior, Dean noted. On an angel. On
“Yeah, well, it sure paid off when those shifters killed her parents and we gave her the talk, didn’t it?” Sam reminded him.
it. But in spite of everything, he was glad Sam brought it up. He was right. If the mystery healer they were driving towards really was Cas, he must have a reason for staying away. Hell--maybe Dean was the reason. Maybe Cas knew Dean wouldn’t want to see him, or would seriously consider killing him. His rant to the candle flame last night definitely left that impression--if Cas had even been listening.
They hadn’t been able to bury Cas, and he hadn’t been able to let go of the angel’s stupid trenchcoat. And he’d spent the past few weeks pissed--too pissed to do anything other than drink. But now…
The heavy weight in Dean’s chest came crashing back down.
“Charles, we’ve barely been around each other while he’s actually known who the hell he is.”
By the time Sam came downstairs, Dean and Bobby were tag teaming a breakfast of eggs and bacon. “What happened to Jody?” Dean asked.
Cas wouldn’t meet his eyes. His arms, which had been caging Dean in, fell. “I don’t want to be like them.”
“Ten a.m.”
“You know how some people are stars in shows, some are company members or side characters, and others are in the background? They have their part, but if they do it well, no one notices them?” Sam and Dean nodded. Elle smiled. “That’s my favorite role.”
Cas’ eyes lit up. “Are you sure?”
If it wasn’t for the sound of Bobby’s phone going off, Dean probably would’ve gotten an earful. “Jody? Asking about a date?” Dean knew he was pushing his luck, but he couldn’t help himself.
Pushing aside his fear of this new version of Cas somehow reading too much, learning too much--learning things even Dean didn’t understand--Dean nodded. He trained his eyes on his leg, on Cas’ familiar hand hovering over it.
“Anything interesting happening out there?” Sam asked.
“I’m already here,” she said. “Virtually, obviously. I can download this nonsense while I get your IDs all set up and ready to go.”
“Nothing?” Sam asked.
Dean’s hand fell. “That’s what the ghost of our little sister said, yeah.”
Dean forced himself to shake Cas’ hand and smile. “Nice to meet you, C--Emmanuel.”
Dean shrugged. “The usual. Beer. Whiskey. Pie.”
God fucking dammit.
“I’m not a kid. I’m hundreds of years older than you.”
Sam’s eyes went wide. “Really? You’d kill him?”
didn’t make any sense. Dean spun around. Shit. Cas suddenly looked crestfallen. “Why? What are you sorry for?”
“Okay.” Cas slipped his fingers through Dean’s, intertwining them. Butterflies took off in Dean’s stomach as his heart pounded out a few extra beats. Cas was holding his hand. They were holding hands.
The angel slid off of the hood and smiled at him. “That was fun.”
Bobby ran a hand down his face. “Yeah. I did. Not anymore, though. Passed off the head and the body to Jody. She’ll deal with them.” He poured another shot for each of them. After another toast, they all knocked them back. Bobby explained what he’d found on Leviathans, which was basically jack squat. Sam told him about the files on Charlie’s laptop they hadn’t had a chance to look through yet.
“When Charlie isn’t around, how do you deal with your emotions?” Cas asked.
Dean shot Sam a worried look. He didn’t trust this chick.
“Shut up,” Bobby snapped before taking the stairs at a light jog.
The walls felt like they were threatening to close in on him. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he was probably experiencing the beginnings of a panic attack.
Charlie gave him a little half-smile and took his hand. “Hang on.”
“Being okay.” Her eyes were unusually somber. “I mean, if that was Cas’ almost instant reaction…”
Dean’s breath hitched in his chest, the air he took in not quite filling his lungs. “He can’t be too far gone,” he managed. “He just can’t be.” He couldn’t keep the panic out of his voice. “He can’t be gone. Not again.”
“You know it. And a witch helped us figure out how to make me a Cupid.”
“Direction would be useful, yes,” Cas told her. He still wouldn’t meet her eyes. There was a strange, bubbling sort of tension in his stomach. Light. Jittery.
.” She gestured to her body.
“National bee day?”
Sam nodded. “I’m sure.”
Dean nodded, feeling a new sense of relief. They had a plan. But ugh. Feelings. He was sick of them. “Sammy, you almost ready to go?”
Except for Cas.
“He’s not sure, exactly,” Bobby said. “A vitala, maybe. Bodies keep disappearing and not turning up, so it could be just about anything. Making too much press to be Leviathans, though.”
Sam pointed to his coffee. “Let me finish this first. I’ve got a feeling the pounding headache is mostly just needing coffee.”
“Bobby wasn’t kidding about this guy,” Dean muttered under his breath.
Sam’s eyebrows went up. Dean just nodded. “Okay. Sammy, whenever you’re ready.”
“Fall in love?” Charlie’s impish smile came back. “I don’t know. What do you think?”
Dean and Sam nodded. It was an old hunter’s tradition: if a traditional hunter’s funeral wasn’t possible, light a candle instead. The tradition was achingly familiar. John had lit one every year on the anniversary of their mother’s death.
Sam nodded. “Okay.”
Dean snorted. “What kind of Disney fairytale bullshit is that?”
” Dean asked again.
Shit. How much of this would he lose when Cas went back to normal?
Cas kissed him soundly, and Dean’s head spun. When they broke apart, Cas said, “I’m good.” He scrunched his nose. “You still taste kind of strange.”
“Nothing.”
“I knew him, back before the almost apocalypse.”
“Or whoever,” Sam added.
Cas, the angel he was
Bobby fiddled with the radio station. “Driver picks the music.”
was what--who, apparently--they’d been looking for?
Dean headed back towards the stairs. “I’m gonna pack.” He’d heard this story already. “Charlie, you’ll keep an eye on Cas for us?”
Dean hummed his agreement. “How long d’you think you’ll be gone?”
Dean carried her body to the funeral pyre.
Dean barely registered anything as they walked and waited in line. He was lost in thought, lost in the way his heart refused to stop pounding in his chest. He tried to tell himself it was just adrenaline--the same kind of adrenaline rush he’d get before a case. If the healer dude wasn’t Cas, they’d probably have to kill him. That’s all the jittery nerves were. Just his body reacting the way it always did before a fight.
Maybe it was the whiskey. Maybe it was the intensity of the past few weeks. Maybe it was from all the damn emotional labor he’d done way too quickly. But Dean couldn’t let go. He couldn’t let go of the angel he thought he’d lost in two ways before getting him back only to lose him again.
“Yeah.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Help me carry these things back?”
The blue eyes finally settled. “Hello, Sam.” He looked back at the older Winchester, still sitting on the couch, crippled by his own fear and nerves. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean woke up to the smell of coffee. It drew him out of bed and down the stairs like a magnet, but he was surprised by the person standing by the pot.
Bobby walked back in. “Jody, huh?” Dean asked. “Not Sheriff anymore?”
“Doubt it,” Bobby said.
Dean woke up slowly. Realizations around the events of the past day or so hit him slowly and pulled him closer to full consciousness, like standing at the edge of the ocean and feeling the pull of the tide.
“What’re you gonna do? Sit there and look pretty?”
The words were so simple but felt so abrupt, so piercing. Dean laughed without humor and let Cas go, taking a few steps back. He was suddenly incapable of meeting the angel’s intense blue stare or handling the heat between them. “I’m the wrong guy to ask, man. Sam’s better at that than me.”
“Whoa, whoa,” Dean said, holding up his hands defensively. “Dude. Cas is just--”
“Sounds great,” Sam said. “Thank you.”
that sound. He swallowed. “I, uh, broke my leg a while ago. Had to take the cast off early. Don’t think it healed right.”
“It’s helping, though, right?” Charlie asked. “Are your emotions still that damn hurricane in your chest?”
Sam walked over, frowning. “The hell is that?”
Cas kissed him one, two, three times--just long enough for Dean’s head to spin again. “Perfect.” He stared into Dean’s eyes. “I’m not going anywhere. We can take our time.”
Dean snorted. “Did you read our books or something?”
“As long as I don’t have to talk about feelings, fine by me.”
“Well?”
“Real to everyone and not just you?” Charlie nodded. “I’m getting stronger, not weaker. We should be good. I don’t know what the witch cooked up, but it worked.”
Dean’s eyebrows shot up. “Dude, we just saw her last night. You don’t want to sound desperate.”
been that bad. “Can he even...you know…”
“No,” Dean said, holding out a finger. He wasn’t
She shook her head. “Thank you, but no. I can take it from here.” She walked over to Cas. “Take care of yourself, okay?” She gave him a hug, and Dean watched as Cas’ arms wrapped around her tiny frame.
“Bullshit.”
Dean got ready for bed in a nervous haze.
Dean waited until he was lying in bed, lights out in the quiet cabin, to cry. He made sure his sobs were as close to silent as possible. He mourned Charlie, mourned the future she’d deserved, mourned the memories they’d never had the chance to make. He let out a little bit of the heartbreak.
“So Cas took the crazy?”
Dean nodded. “They left a note.”
“Dean--” Sam tried to interject.
Sam groaned but took them. “How long was I out?”
“There’s a lot to do, okay?” Dean said defensively. “There’s a lot to do, and we’re running out of time, and Bobby hasn’t reached out yet.”
“Just one thing,” he said, holding up a finger. Sam and Dean waited. Frank glared at each of them in turn. “Never--never--come and find me again. Clones, I can handle. Government conspiracies? Fine. But this...this
“Not sure,” Sam admitted. “Cas healed Dean’s leg, and then his memory came back.”
“I would if you just fucking told me,” Sam grumbled.
“I mean, they’re tiny. They’re obnoxious. The stinging thing hurts.” Dean finished his beer. He squinted at it before standing quickly and wobbling a little. “We got anything stronger?”
Dean gave Sam a flat look. “Then I’m finishing my coffee first.” Dean held up the cold brew he’d taken out of Charlie’s fridge and drank some of it before adding, “Bitch.”
“We gotta get her out of here,” he said. “Without anybody seeing.”
“What did you find?” Cas asked.
He cautiously walked towards the angel, who was standing still and staring into space. “Cas?”
time. The kid really wanted to go on this case. “I’m betting the shoes are to blame.”
“What do the other angels think of Cas these days?” Sam asked.
Dean took a deep breath in and out. “Okay.” He nodded to himself before taking another axe. “Okay.” He weighed it in his hand, let Charlie throw hers first. “So how do I tell them? When do I tell them? Do I have to tell them?”
Charlie pursed her lips. “I think so. Can you tell me more?”
. Undressed, even, without the trench coat or suit jacket or tie. But the messy brown hair, the bluest of blue eyes, were the same. Dean’s heart jumped into overdrive. Confusion warred with joy, relief, surprise. And pain. No, not just pain--heartache. All of the questions he and Sam had kept asking rushed to the forefront of his mind. Why hadn’t Cas reached out? Why hadn’t he told them he was back?
“The Orange One rolled back federal protections and regulations on a bunch of national parks. Including this one.” Sam shook his head. “Dick, Inc. will probably take advantage of it soon.”
Dean forced himself to continue. “I feel differently about Bobby than I feel about Sam. Or you.”
They heard snarling. Dean and Sam ducked behind some trees, hoping to get cover and a safe view to shoot the werewolves. They reached a spot where the werewolves were in profile. But before they could shoot, they heard a voice. A sharp and clear female voice. “For the last time, you have two choices. Do you want a messy death or a clean one?”
“You do that.” Dean checked his pocket for his new IDs and cards. “I’m going for a milk run.”
Sometimes, whiskey helped. Sometimes it softened the pain of loss. Sometimes it made him forget.
“Okay. Okay, you’re in heaven.” Peace and joy rushed through her, tinged with guilt. The boys. Her boys. She’d been helping Sam and Dean. They needed her help. She wasn’t done.
. They were back. Sam and Bobby were back. Dean was in bed with Cas. Fear and adrenaline coursed through him. How was he going to--
His head snapped up at the pain in Cas’ voice, which was mirrored in the angel’s eyes. Cas could probably read the confusion in Dean’s face. He exhaled heavily and set his shoulders as if preparing for a fight.
“I’m worried about Dean,” he admitted to the tiny candle flame. “I’m really worried about him. And that’s not on you. I hope you’re having fun adventuring with...I don’t know, Hermione and Wonder Woman or something.” He smiled at the idea. “Bet you’re running circles around them.” He took a deep breath, in and out. “And I know this isn’t fair, and I don’t have any right to ask this. So feel free to tell me to...back the hell off. But…” Sam shook his head and ran one hand down his face. “If you’ve got any kind of pull up there, any back doors or connections, any memos you could send to…” He laughed humorlessly. “I don’t even know who could or would help us at this point. Cas, maybe--if you could find him. If he’s even around.” Sam thought of his brother and how much he’d been drinking since Cas died. “Shit. Dean…” Sam chuckled again. “Well, you don’t need me to tell you how much Dean needs help. We’ll look into what you found tomorrow.” His vision was starting to spin, and he knew he was too drunk to try to hack Charlie’s computer that night. His lips curled into a half-smile. “Anyway. Thanks, kid. For everything.” He almost blew out the candle before adding, “And if you don’t mind, I think I’m gonna do this again. By all means, rest in peace. I just...it’s...good to have someone to talk to.” He paused, thinking about the lonely road set out for himself and his brother. Beating impossible odds was basically just another Tuesday (not
“I said what I said on purpose, Cas.”
Sam’s eyes hadn’t changed. “Bobby thinks she might’ve gone into Richard Roman Enterprises.”
“I’m starving,” Sam said. They went inside.
Dean shook his head. “Think we should be worried?”
Dean shook his head repeatedly. “No. Absolutely not.”
“Bobby Singer,” Elle finished. “Adoptive dad to these three.” She nodded at Sam, Dean, and Charlie. “Genius, but you hide that under flannel and alcohol.”
“With all due respect, lady, you could kill us with a couple words,” Dean said.
Charlie smiled. “Dean and Cas.”
They found five cafes. Charlie wasn’t in any of them. A knot had been steadily tightening in Dean’s stomach since the first message he’d left for Charlie, and it only grew more and more solid with each cafe they visited. He’d almost feel hopeful--almost. But every time they glanced through windows and saw nothing but darkness, much less a head of fiery red hair, the hope faded and the fear grew.
Dean groaned and rolled his head back. “Fine. Where is it?”
“Thanks,” Dean said honestly, feeling more than a little sheepish.
Cas shook his head in wonder even as a massive smile spread across his face. Dean’s heart did a backflip. “How?”
to fine! Do you have any idea the kind of mess you left behind?” He turned on his heel and started pacing, ticking problems off on his fingers as he listed them. “Sam’s head is still broken. The Leviathans are nearly impossible to kill. Those sons of bitches copied
Dean sipped his whiskey, relishing the burn. “Crowley, yeah. He hates these guys. Told the demons to stay out of our way so we can deal with them.”
Bobby nodded. Sam came down the stairs two at a time, laptop bag slung over his shoulder. “Ready.”
“Your dad?” Jody asked, waving at them.
“Apparently he’s not good at staying in one place,” Bobby explained. “He’s constantly flying. And Charlie thinks he realized they were tracking him.”
But when he sat back down, Cas’ eyes were all gooey and soft. Was he really not ready? Or was he just scared? Their lives were so dangerous. They could die any day. So what the hell was he waiting for?
Her wink was met with furious blushes from Dean and Sam and an “Oh, hell,” from Bobby. “I’m happy for you kids,” the older hunter continued, “but I don’t want to hear it.”
Sam’s explanation--and most of the conversation between him, Charlie, and Bobby--became background noise in Dean’s head. He was distracted by the feeling of Cas’ hand in his. Cas’ hand was much bigger and rougher than he’d expected. But it was warm and solid and holding onto his with absolutely no hesitation.
Dean squinted at her before grabbing his next axe. “You already know, don’t you?”
Dean had a hard time falling asleep that night. Cas was back. He should be happy about that, right? Or should he be mad? Cas had royally fucked up.
“Well, she’s a new ghost. Probably didn’t have the juice to stick around.”
“Shut up.”
“I’m healed,” Cas said simply. “And I have more amends to make. I made a mess of heaven. I should go and fix what I can.”
“I’ll be here,” Cas said. Dean went into the bathroom and closed the door gently.
“Who the hell are you? Some gossiping preteen?”
“No reason for you to go on a wild goose chase,” Dean told his brother.
Sam nodded, understanding as always. They stared at the flames for a long, long moment.
Dean couldn’t meet Bobby’s eyes. “Come on, Bobby.” He exhaled slowly. “I know you’re cool with Charlie and everything, but I’m--”
Anger flared in Cas’ eyes. “I’m here now, Dean. I’ve apologized. I want to help. And in case you forgot, I’ve been helping you clean up your messes for years.”
Dean suddenly realized he hadn’t checked in with Cas--not really. “And, uh, you? You’re…”
Sam’s eyebrows went up as Dean’s heart started a friggin’ marching band parade in his chest. “That didn’t take long.”
“Uh…” Sam started. “Charlie...she didn’t meet us, so we kept going.”
Dean sighed. “Fine. You gonna keep going, or do you need me to jump in?”
Dean froze. Sam clearly regretted the words as soon as he said them. “I mean, before Charlie. Losing Cas hit you harder than it hit me.”
Cas just studied him. “I can. I hope you can forgive me, someday.”
Sam snorted. “Like try to call Charlie immediately. He’s gotta have a Ouiji board or something somewhere.”
“No, you’re overwhelmed, and you’re running away to cope,” Charlie said. “There’s a difference.”
Too tired to be anything but honest, Dean just shrugged. “No clue.”
,” Charlie said. Dean’s head jerked back up. He’d never heard her voice get that hard. “
He gave her a sad, sideways look. “Anger keeps me going. What’ll get me out of bed otherwise?”
“Dean, you can’t stop me,” Cas said gently.
“Dean, it’s Charlie. She could hack her way into anything. You really think she wouldn’t hack herself into an office building?”
“Let him sleep.” Dean’s voice was flat, emotionless. He couldn’t feel--not yet. If he felt this--really felt it--he wouldn’t be able to drive, to move, to function.
“Good one,” Dean said.
“I’ll send a search party if you’re not here in an hour,” Elle told them. She waved towards the door. “Go on.”
“So, what? You think she went to her apartment instead of going to see us?”
Sam glared at his brother before saying, “We’ve got Cas. Crowley hates the Leviathans, so I’m sure he’ll be on board. Eventually.”
Sam nodded to confirm.
“Charlie’s a Cupid.”
Dean’s eyebrows rose. “Shit.” He glanced at his watch. “Yeah, I’ll get him.”
Cas’ eyes fell. “Everything after I took in the souls and before Elle fixed me is a blur. It’s hard to know what was real and what wasn’t.”
She threw up her hands. “You weren’t getting it! You needed something drastic.”
Cas frowned and tilted his head at Dean. “Aren’t you still angry with me?”
“How long have you been here?” Dean demanded. Cas squeezed his hand, and he jumped again. It felt so good and strange and weird and
Dean nodded. He was running out of words. He needed coffee.
“We’ll get there.” Bobby leaned against the counter and crossed his arms. “I’m gonna make some calls. See if I can figure out where Cas is.”
--they had a case to focus on. Something normal. Something to distract him from his revelations of the past few hours.
“Think we might have some fairies nearby,” Bobby said.
Gabe waved a finger. “No. No buts.” His look conveyed a power that made Dean want to run and hide, but he couldn’t look away. “I’ve been watching you idiots.
When the words started swimming in front of his eyes, Dean stood and stretched. “I think we can call it a night, Cas. We’ve been at this long enough.” He picked up his whiskey glass and walked into the kitchen.
“IDs and credit cards,” Sam said. “They downloaded it from…” He glanced at Dean before adding, “Cas’ memories.”
Charlie exhaled heavily. “Spoiler alert, buddy. You’re the only person in your life who didn’t know you were--still are--in love with Cas.”
Dean had to fight to keep the confusion and frustration out of his voice. He gently crooked a knuckle under the angel’s chin, encouraging him to raise it. “Who?”
Everyone except for Dean and Cas looked shocked. Dean just stared at her. “No. I don’t buy it. No such thing as a free lunch.”
“How do you know?” When Charlie started in surprise, Cas said, “For all the time I’ve spent with Dean, I still don’t always know when he’s being truly sincere.”
“Whatever you need to say. I’m a Cupid, buddy. Listening to your feelings is my job.”
“So what?” Sam asked. “Dude, we’re happy for you.”
“Dean? Sam?”
Dean didn’t say anything.
“Emmanuel?” his wife asked in a slightly worried voice.
would go first?” Dean asked in disbelief.
he could still hear it in his head, clear as day. Clear as anything. Maybe if he drank more, Dean thought as he reached for the whiskey again, it would fade. He took another sip, prayed it would work.
“It’s 10 a.m., Dean.”
Dean actually took a beat to feel his feet in his boots and his boots on the ground, the rough wood of the axe in his hands. He actually let himself feel what his body was screaming. “Jesus. I’m
Sam stopped him and put his hands on his shoulders. “Take a breath, dude. I can hear how fast you’re breathing.”
“We’ll call,” Sam promised. They got into Bobby’s truck and drove out of the dirt driveway, heading west.
“I promise it won’t be anything you’ll be opposed to. Or anything that would put you in danger we can’t handle.”
Dean vaguely remembered someone saying that. “Yeah.”
“Well, fine, yeah. But not a hundred percent,” Dean said. “Figured it’d be better to give Cas a practice run than send him right into the big leagues.”
“She referred to herself as a witch,” Dean jumped in. “At least, she talked about spells and stuff.”
“Penny for your thoughts?” she asked.
“Cas made his choice,” Dean said stubbornly. “Not your fault.”
“Yeah. Sure,” Sam said with a generous helping of snark. “And burned the house down.” He saw Dean for the first time. “Hey, bro. Where’s your man?”
“This is gonna be a process, buddy,” Charlie said, putting her hand on his arm. “But we’ll get him.”
Shock crossed over Cas’ face, but he nodded. “Exactly. Raphael would have undone all of the work you did--we did--to prevent the apocalypse from happening.” His imploring eyes met Dean’s. “I just wanted to save you.”
“Well?” Sam asked in a tight voice.
Dean squinted. “You reading my mind, kid?”
“Huh. How’d she know that?” Bobby asked.
“No,” Dean said. “She should focus on finding Cas.” He vaguely remembered a poster he’d seen earlier. “I’ve got an idea, though. It’s national bee day. Look for some place that’s big on bees.”
“And?” Bobby asked in a tight voice.
Dean looked into Cas’ eyes. “That’s what matters. We’ll figure this out together.”
“Just hear me out,” Charlie said, standing and holding her hands out defensively. Her eyes sparkled. “Cas.”
“Okay,” Cas told him. “I’ll stay.”
Sam shook his head at Dean, who nodded. There was no way in hell they’d face whoever this lady was unarmed. They crept out from behind the trees and into the clearing, avoiding the werewolf guts.
“Shit,” Charlie said. “New project for me, then! I’ll have new IDs for you boys in...maybe an hour? New cards, too. Should be untraceable.”
“How close would she have to be to their office or whatever to hack into things?” Dean asked.
before. But hearing Cas--Emmanuel--say it in that awful tone...he
Dean’s chest felt lighter than it had in days. They could save Cas. “Okay,” he said. “Tell me more about this local legend.” He made a happy sound when he saw bacon on the stove. “And, uh, thanks to whoever made this.”
“Not a chance. But we can probably come back here. Maybe.” She glanced up. “I think my time is almost up, anyway. Better get you back.”
Dean snorted. “If having visions of friggin’ Satan telling you your entire reality is an elaborate form of torture counts as fine, then, yeah. Sammy’s just
And Dean gave in. He gave in to the pull, the magnetism, the tension between them. He gave in to what his heart was begging for. Before he could second-guess himself, before he lost his nerve, before the world tore them apart again, Dean tilted his head down and pressed his lips to Cas’. The touch was a whisper, a question.
“Got it,” Sam said, not even looking up. Dean gave Bobby a mock salute. Bobby shook his head and mumbled “Idjits” before walking out the door.
“We should, uh, get back inside,” Dean said, not knowing what to do with his hands now that they were empty. He pulled the canvas back over Baby.
Dean spun around again and saw Gabriel. “What the hell is this?” he said.
Dean clenched his teeth.
Without thinking about it, Dean took a deep breath through his nose. Goddammit, he always felt better after that. Charlie knew him almost as well as Sam. The only one who’d ever understood him better was…
. Lucifer and Michael are in the cage. We’re not dealing with the apocalypse.”
“Deal.” Charlie got to work.
, was missing.
Intentionally ignoring his brother, Dean asked Cas, “Have you kept up with the news lately?”
Dean frowned before nodding appreciatively. “Sounds fair to me. We’ll hit the road first thing.” He started walking towards the stairs.
“I know.” She crossed her arms. “So under that anger is...what? Because we both know there’s a whole mess of feelings under that anger.”
“Actually--”
“All yours!” Dean called down the stairs. He completely ignored his emotions and scrubbed the towel over his hair. “It’s just Cas, Winchester,” he told himself as he got dressed. “Just Cas. Might not even be Cas.”
Dean’s hands clenched around the unfamiliar steering wheel. “And we can’t even go after them.”
Less than a minute later (though it felt like an hour), Charlie stuck her head out the door and waved for them to come closer. Dean took off, Sam and Bobby right by him. Charlie was standing in front of the door, grinning.
“How do you lose an angel whose piñata is cracked?” Sam asked.
things now, Dean. And my grace is weaker.
Dean could barely speak. He couldn’t look away from the scene. “Charlie’s…”
“Uh, yeah. That’s right.” More muffled noises.
Based on Sam’s expression, he didn’t either. “Let me help you with those,” he said, standing.
He didn’t mean to emphasize the angel’s name, didn’t mean to put any emotion into that sentence. But some slipped out anyway. He figured that emotion had something to do with the way Sam and Bobby’s eyebrows looked like they were trying to join forces with their hairlines.
Blue eyes darted up to green. Dean took his hand and led Cas up the stairs.
“I just figured she’d need a phone number. If she’s gonna call in that favor.”
. What was the wifi in…”
“What do I do now?” he asked her softly.
“Cas?” Bobby asked. When the angel focused on him, he continued, “If you hurt him, I’ll kick your ass.”
“Be careful,” she told Bobby. She winked at Charlie. “Be good.”
Sam scoffed. “Like you would’ve forgiven him if he didn’t.”
“Uh, likewise,” Sam said. He gave Dean a look that clearly said,
“I’m here as a Cupid, aren’t I? Never would’ve talked Gabriel into pulling this off otherwise.”
Strong arms wrapped around him instantly, squeezing him so tight it was almost hard to breathe. “Dude, I’m fucking thrilled,” Sam said.
“Apparently, there’s been some sort of benevolent and powerful force or being there for centuries,” Sam said. “The land recovers more quickly from a drought or a fire than other places. And the forest is old. Really old. People think there’s someone or something there protecting the trees.”
“What the hell is forgiveness, then?” Dean asked.
“Time to get my award from Gabriel,” Charlie explained.
“Your trench coat.” Three sets of eyes met Dean’s with confusion. Fighting back a blush, he said, “You talking about them taking over made me think of the reservoir, and…” His throat suddenly felt tight. He cleared it. “I’ve got your coat in Baby’s trunk. Come on.” He stood and walked to the door, Cas close behind.
Recognition clicked in Dean’s head. “Her laptop. Frank was trying to hack it.”
“So?”
Dean almost dropped his coffee. “And what are you and Jody doing on Friday?”
“Started what?” Cas asked innocently.
“He’s fine. He’s back to normal. Which means,” she added, putting one hand on Dean’s arm, “he’s a lot less expressive than usual. And he’s weak. So, you know. Don’t tackle him or anything.”
Dean snorted. “That might actually mean something if either of us had been in the freaking Boy Scouts.”
Dean frowned and glanced at his brother. “How do you know about that? Thought Lucifer was holding you hostage in a storage closet.”
Dean’s head whipped around to...Cas. Cas, with his memory back. Cas, whose eyes were significantly harder to read than when he’d been crazy. But Dean knew him well--knew him well enough to see the traces of hesitation, worry, and fear in them. Before Cas could put any of that into words, Dean took the few remaining steps between them and hugged Cas--probably more fiercely than was really necessary.
He flipped through the pages. Sam was clearly the best man. There was a photo of everyone else laughing, and Dean just looking at Cas, a smile on his face and love in his eyes. Their first dance was documented a few pages later. The way Cas was looking at him...like Dean was his whole world, like nothing else mattered.
“I think we have to hit the road,” Dean said, waving between him and Sam. “Got some vamps to kill and a legend to check out.”
Dean and Sam snorted but didn’t respond. Bobby’s unsaid message was clear as day:
A small crease appeared between Cas’ eyebrows.
Dean frowned at him, his eyes going wide. “Dude. No. I said I’d met my quota.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “I owe him, Dean.” Sam stared at his brother. “I’m not giving up on this.”
“So,” Bobby said, opening beers and passing them around. Jody handed out bowls of steaming hot chili, and they crowded around the small table. “Best start from the beginning, I guess.”
Bobby exhaled in a heavy rush. “Ok. Ok, then. Charlie’s a ghost, and Cas is alive.” He started rummaging around in a box. “I’ve got one of those Ouiji board things somewhere around here.”
Dean shook his head.
“Dean, you need to sleep,” Cas said gently. But he kept walking with Dean, which was something.
“Well, this is at least the third time Cas has done it. I’ve lost track of how many times it happened to these two,” Bobby said, waving at Sam and Dean.
Sam nodded at the candle lit on the mantle. “What’s that for?”
Sam looked at Dean, who didn’t respond. He couldn’t quite find the words.
Nerves tightened in Dean’s stomach. “Any chance you’re bugging me just to say hi? Tell me you’re okay?”
Cas let her words percolate in his mind. “Like I did with Sam and Dean?”
“You’re welcome,” Sam told him. He raised his voice. “Cas, do you want anything?”
“You’re low on angels. I’m assuming none of you know how to handle queer relationships well.”
Sam closed the fridge door quickly, giving his brother a worried look.
Sam’s eyes came back into focus and met Dean’s. He nodded. “I’m sure.”
Dean shook his head, holding onto a tree for support. “I know, Sammy. I know. Not your fault.”
?” A dry, humorless chuckle escaped from his chest. “You shouldn’t be alive. I saw you. I saw you walk into that damn reservoir. I saw the way the black snot they have for blood was oozing out of you. You fucking exploded, man.” Dean’s voice cracked, and he drank some beer to soothe his throat. Not that it worked, but he could pretend. Dean Winchester was good at pretending a lot of things. Pretending losing Cas and Charlie didn’t feel like his legs were cut out from under him. Pretending he wasn’t so deeply affected by either of them coming back.
“Interesting, yeah. But nothing good. And a new case popped up.”
Relief rushed through Dean, but a horrible chill came with it. Sam was okay. His baby brother was okay. But Cas?
“Well?” Bobby asked, barely looking up from his computer.
Sam choked on his coffee. Dean was speechless. He knew his mouth was open, jaw hanging there uselessly, but he didn’t care.
“Who else is gonna be at this thing?” Bobby asked. Based on his frown, he didn’t find it nearly as humorous as Dean did.
There she was. Bright red bob cut, graphic tee under a checkered flannel. Eyes bright as ever, if a little distracted.
Sam came down the stairs, eyes barely open. He looked as exhausted as Dean felt. “Morning.”
She beamed. “I know.”
“Mnh-mnh,” Sam said. “Nope. Thrilled. No stories.”
“You haven’t slept in at least 24 hours.” Bobby jerked his head towards the stairs. “Go. There’ll be plenty to do tomorrow, don’t worry.”
“Our time,” Sam said.
“Twenty that you’d come clean before Cas. Twenty that you’d make the first move.”
“I’ll fix Sam as soon as he’s awake,” Cas said. “And that’s all I’ll say for now.”
Dean sighed. “You’re right. You did make a mess of things. You did a whole bunch of stupid shit, and we haven’t figured out how to deal with all of it yet.” Panic swirled in the angel’s eyes. Dean put a hand on his shoulder, trying to steady him. “But you’ve apologized. You fixed Sam. You’re back. You’re here. Right?”
“You hope?” Dean asked. He ran one hand down his face. His heart swelled. Cas made him coffee.
Bobby looked unusually sympathetic. “Might be time to face the music, kid.”
Cas smiled. How was the damn son of a bitch so put together? “What are you thinking?”
No reason not to, either.
, kid. No.”
Sam’s smirk grew. “I mean, politically, it’s a smart choice. He’s got friends in high places. Hell, he’s already pretty high up. Rich, powerful.” He shrugged. “Not his fault his name sucks.”
“About?” Cas asked.
The three of them worked in relative peace and quiet until Dean’s stomach reminded him that food was important. “Break for dinner?” he asked. “I’ll break out the sandwich supplies.”
>>But if they do, look for RRE
“You’re still getting used to having a vessel,” Dean said, connecting the dots.
“Huh?”
“But not stopping werewolves?” Dean asked.
“I can help with the calls,” Dean offered.
Cas was worried about whether Dean had forgiven him or not. His heart broke. “Dammit, Cas,” he said, walking back downstairs to the angel until they were close enough to touch. “You should stay.” Dean’s voice got softer without his permission. “I want you to stay.”
Dean blushed and pointed back and forth between himself and Cas. “Us.”
Charlie studied him carefully. “And how does that make you feel?”
“Are there any goddesses who do things for free? Or for a random favor?” Sam asked.
Too much. Everything was too damn much. He breathed in through his nose and realized something reeked.
Numbing it was preferable, of course. He was Dean Winchester. He didn’t have time for
“What are these?” Cas asked, cutting off the argument before it got any worse. He had a feeling that it was only a surface fight--not the root cause of the tension in the room.
Something clicked in Sam’s eyes--puzzle pieces falling into place. “So you’re the one he goes axe-throwing with?”
“Charlie--” Bobby started in a warning tone.
The thought, the idea, sparked more emotions more quickly than Dean could possibly sort out. Dean didn’t know what to think, didn’t know what to feel. Other than pissed the hell off. He’d been grieving Cas and the dumb son of a bitch had been alive the whole damn time?!
Cas felt an odd sort of churning sensation in his stomach. “I have to make amends. I have to apologize and fix the mess I made.”
They ate in silence. Bobby and Cas both knew Dean needed at least one cup of coffee to wake up, and based on Sam’s face, he needed it, too. When Dean’s coffee was almost finished, Charlie’s laptop made a bright, happy
Once they’d settled in by their target, Charlie said, “I know about the dream.”
Dean nodded again and sat up slowly. “What time is it?”
Bobby cleared his throat. “You’re bringing her home?”
“No, Dean. Too many good people have died already.” Her voice softened. “Please. Please don’t do that to me.”
“Still an angel, dumbass.” Gabe said. He locked Dean into a stare that reminded him just how powerful the little twerp was. “Listen to me, for once. Cas is an angel, but being with him? That’s the one part of this you can actually change in real life.”
To his horror, Dean felt tears welling up. He bit his lip, hoping the pain would snap him the hell out of this. This was too much. All of it was way too goddamn much.
“I dunno,” said Sam. “There was something about her.”
“Room ain’t spinning,” Dean grumbled.
Sam and Bobby spun around. “You knew about this?” Bobby asked.
“Don’t call me sweetheart.”
Sam laughed lightly. “Yeah.” He messed with the radio. “What music do you want?”
“You wear too many clothes,” Dean told him. He tried to push off the trench coat again, and Cas let him. Dean’s eyes raked over the sight of Cas in his blue suit with that perfect blue tie.
Cas was in a robe. And boxers. And a crumpled white T-shirt. His hair was wild. He’d clearly slept on it funny.
Cas nodded, his head spinning with questions. But now was not the time. It was time to work. Dean was clearly overwhelmed, and their relationship felt so fragile. It always had, in a way--always unusually tense, always poised on the breaking point of...something. Some fundamental shift.
“Cas, you can’t go back,” Charlie said gently but firmly. “I’ve been in heaven--recently.”
A few seconds of comfortable silence passed before Sam asked, “So, do you want to talk about it?”
A car honked at him. “Yeah, screw you, too,” he said tightly, focusing back on the road. Focusing back on the present and not the hurricane of emotions brewing inside of him.
“They
that was? “No?”
Dean nodded and became quite fascinated with the floor.
She scrunched her nose as she sat. “Not exactly.”
“The truth, idjit,” Charlie said. “You’re only this mad at Cas because of how much you love him and Sam. You’re only hurting this much about Cas because you love him. If you didn’t care, it wouldn’t hurt as much.” She put her hands on his shoulders, shaking him gently. “Don’t you get it? Love has been driving you this whole damn time. It’s just been showing up and coming out as anger.”
Cas came down the stairs, looking confused. “Is everything alright? I just passed Bobby, and he…” Worried blue eyes went to Dean’s. The question in them was clear:
Dean’s heart caught in his chest. “How? Why?” Confusion flickered across Cas’ face, and Dean started rambling. “You’re an angel, man. We’re just people. We’re just two blundering dumbasses that tend to get lucky.”
Emmanuel nodded. “Likewise.” He stepped back and looked at both of them. “How can I help you, friends? Are you looking for healing?” Cas asked, that warm and empty smile still on his face. His eyes drifted from Sam’s to Dean’s, showing absolutely no recognition.
Dean’s heart went into overdrive again.
“Yeah, that’s what I figured.” Bobby took a swig of whiskey before leaning back in his chair, studying Dean as he crossed his arms. “And you?”
Dean snorted. “Elle just seems to be everyone’s answer now, huh? She’s the person everyone needs.”
Dean’s patience and ability to continue the conversation were rapidly disappearing. He went to the fridge. “Pretty sure we still had a beer or two left this morning,” making it as clear as possible that he was
“I have done nothing but heal people today, Dean,” Cas said, his eyes snapping back up to Dean’s. “I need to rest. I could try to heal Sam now, but it might not work. It would be safer to wait.” Cas looked at Sam, who had the same expression of a kid listening to his parents fight. “Sam, can you wait until tomorrow?”
Christmas day with her parents. It was perfect. Utterly, absolutely perfect.
“Following your cases,” Bobby said. “That’s gotta sting, but that’s the point.” He stared at Sam, then Dean. “You can’t go after them without new IDs.”
out of him.
“Dunno, but we owe them. Big time.” Dean fought the urge to reach for a beer. “And I’d love to know how they did it.”
before you answer.” She threw it.
Bobby’s eyebrows shot up. “Damn. How?”
was a dead giveaway if he’d ever heard one. “I’ll drive home tomorrow.”
“Dean, you okay?” Sam asked.
Sam’s expression was getting darker and more guilt-ridden by the minute. “Not these wolves, buddy. You stay put. We’ll be back as soon as we can, okay?”
you pulled. But…” He couldn’t finish the sentence. How could he explain this? And who the fuck was he explaining it to, anyway? He snorted to himself, grabbed his toothbrush, and left for a moment. The candle kept its quiet, bright vigil--the one Dean himself was still too raw to keep or call his own.
“You’ve been worse.”
“Okay, then,” Dean said. He took a deep breath in. “Cas couldn’t fix the wall. He couldn’t get rid of the crazy. So he took it instead.” He used the rush of turbulent emotions that came up to throw the axe. It hit the target left of center, but the tightness in his chest let up, just a little bit. “Damn,” he said.
“Dean.”
“I hear you,” Charlie said, tears streaming down her face. “I hear you, Sammy. I’m coming.” She glared at the pinwheel of death on her computer. “Come on, come on,” she muttered. A bright little 100% popped up at the corner of her screen, and Enochian started pouring through the speakers. “Okay! Okay, we are in business!” She rubbed her hands together before cracking her knuckles. An impish grin spread over her face. “Let’s see if Baby Shark gets their attention.”
“Bobby might not. And I’m not letting this go.”
, Dean realized. Charlie usually had some form of sparkle in her eye, some sign of laughter or mischief in her voice. Not this time. “Your life is dangerous enough without you killing yourself.”
“Just to be clear--Cas’ memory came back when he healed you. Because he healed you. By fixing you, he fixed himself.”
“Shut up, idjit,” Bobby grumbled.
“You kept holding it,” Cas said. His head was still down, studying his lap. “When we were in Elle’s house.”
“I’m crazy, then.”
“We gotta get this to Bobby,” Dean said, closing the laptop.
A sharp, stabbing pain made itself known in Dean’s chest. He shook his head. “No.”
He sighed heavily. “Too bad, Winchester,” he grumbled to himself. “You’ve got work to do.” It took longer than usual to get out of bed and become coherent enough to go downstairs, but the smell of coffee definitely helped. He tried to walk down the stairs, but to call it a walk was generous. He felt like a zombie and had a hunch that he resembled one.
“He’s
“You want backup?” Sam asked.
“Charlie, back me up,” Bobby said.
“We’re grown men, Bobby. We can handle this,” Dean said, trying to keep the annoyance out of his voice.
Dean wasn’t ready to forgive Cas. Hell no. Not even close. But he could do this. He could do one little thing to mark the loss of someone who once meant something to him.
Sam snorted but gave his brother a little half smile. “Yeah, okay.” He left, and Dean and Cas were alone.
She rolled her eyes. “Your heaven dream. I got Gabe involved.”
The vision and the archangel disappeared. Dean was back in his room at the cabin, back in his bed. Shaking.
Dean tried valiantly to hold back the hope and butterflies that rushed through his system. “Okay.” He checked his watch. “We should get back. We need to head to Colorado soon.”
Can’s eyebrows scrunched together as his head tilted to the side. Goddammit, Dean had forgotten how adorable that was.
“Shut up,” Bobby grumbled. “She’s got wind of a case in her sister’s town. People and bodies disappearing.”
Charlie’s jaw dropped. “Gabriel?”
“Something about her?” Charlie asked in a playful voice. “Tell me more.”
Cas frowned and tilted his head at the Impala. “Why is she here? Hidden?”
Sam chuckled. “Yeah, that sounds about right.”
“Yes! Squirrel and Moose are adventuring!”
“Are you feeling better now, Dean?” Cas asked. But he didn’t move. His voice rumbled against Dean’s body, sending shockwaves down to his toes.
Dean felt the angel tense in surprise before he relaxed just a hair and pulled Dean closer. And something clicked in Dean’s chest, like a piece of old armor being cast off. Cas was scared. Cas was scared that Dean would...what? Reject him somehow? Fat chance of that happening since he was hopelessly in love with the--
