Honestly, being dressed up in a suit and tie, just to pick up an omega who was sold to them as a potential candidate for their slavery business, made him feel dirty and disgusted. 30 years he’s been a part of this Novak family; 20 years learning and participating in this slavery business.
Dean guided his cock, smoothly into Castiel’s leaking hole. Both moaning and sucking in breaths at the tightness. It was something else to be buried to the hilt inside Castiel. It was heaven. Dean studied Cas face for any signs of discomfort as he pulled out a little and sank back in. Cas face scrunched a little before it relaxed, the omega’s grip on his biceps tightened. He asked , “Babe, ok?”
They both entered their rooms, morphed into their human forms, got themselves ready and psyched, before they were walking down the stairs, hand in hand, ready to break news to John and Mary Winchester.
He was still mulling over Dean’s description of his eyes. No one had ever complimented him like that before. It made him feel all giddy and warm inside. He said, “Thank you Dean”.
She saw the fear in her oldest child’s eyes. But, for Cas, there was this underlying frustration, sadness and disappointment reflecting out his blue orbs, as he stared intently into the side of Deans face. Apparently, Cas
“He is my mate, you cannot take him!” Dean clenched his fists by his sides. “Screw your councils ruling!”
moment was interrupted by the front door to their home, opening to the sounds of Mary and John bustling in. John’s voice boomed through the house, “Dean. Son. Are you home?” The alpha probably saw the Impala parked outside.
Pam sighed, seeing that he would stand firm to his analysis. She got up and walked over to a golden chest, she opened it and pulled out a really expensive gold and white silk clothe, “Well you may believe what you want to, it is your free will. I’m just saying that I’ve never seen Dean dress his omega in expensive wear and provide them a platter of food after sex.” She held up the dress towards him, “I’m pretty sure he loves your scent too, kinda caught his nose buried into your neck while you were asleep, humming in delight and looking at you like you were the most adoring thing he has ever laid eyes on.”
Samuel instructed the bodyguards, “keep your eye out on Sam”. He followed behind the bodyguard that carried his useless omega grandson, Dean.
down the years. So, she had made up her mind. She and John were going to have a sit down with Cas and Dean and get to explaining a few things.
He pushed down the heaviness in his heart when thinking of that night and slapped on a smile for his big brother and sweet dimpled cheeked mate as they walked up to the counter. He asked, “So, one Americano and one Latte to go?”
He pressed the receive button, brought the phone to his ear and answered in a teasing tone, “Miss me already, Sammy?”
The alpha couldn’t contain his perfect white smile. “My name’s Dean Winchester, sweet omega. May I know yours?”
The man tilts his head slightly and considers Dean’s words. “On the contrary,” he says, eyes flicking to Dean’s mouth when his tongue darts out to wet his lips in a nervous habit, “I’m enjoying myself very much right now.”
A shiver runs through Dean when Castiel’s fingers dance up his arms and meet around the back of his neck.
This club Dean frequents is not good, by any standards. Like actually the absolute worst and should be shut down immediately.
Castiel orders them two beers and Dean barely has the presence of mind to ask for a glass of water as well before the waiter leaves.
He realizes his mistake as Alastair’s grip tightens and he slams Dean’s head against the mattress, pressing him down until he can’t breathe.  He cries apologies into the mattress, pleading with his Master, but his words are muffled.
I meant to post this yesterday but I have the Big Sad and finding motivation for anything is a struggle, so apologies!
“Please,” Dean moans and arches into the touch, his arousal still burning within him, sizzling just under the surface.
“I can’t.” He never had to ask when he was with Alastair. It was always a given that with Alastair came pain, but Castiel is gentle by nature.
“No.” Dean stands, pulling on the trench coat and tying it around himself tightly. “Let’s get the fuck outta here.”
After a few face scrunches from Castiel, Dean decides to mess with him a bit. He comes out in red pants with little metal studs along the seams, paired with a shirt that’s half floral print and half mesh. The face scrunch is immediate and Dean spins in a slow circle to show off the awful garments.
Dean convinces Castiel to let him drive. The tiny hybrid doesn’t handle like the Impala, but the act of driving still settles Dean’s nerves, allowing his mind to shut off for a while. He follows Castiel’s directions through the city, away from the towering high-rise buildings that take over downtown and into a more suburban area with rows of townhouses.
“What about you?” Dean looks over the counter to the few people standing in line. It hasn’t been too busy today, but he still doesn’t want to leave Tessa to deal with the lunch rush by herself. “Will you be okay without me here?”
Yet here Dean is baulking when Castiel tries to give him a chaste kiss goodbye after a date. But it’s something lovers do, something far too intimate in Dean’s mind. It’s something that means commitment. In the four years he’s been with Alastair they’ve never shared a kiss, not even a peck on the cheek.
A few days later Dean is sitting on the balcony, enjoying the warm weather now that spring has finally come, when his phone buzzes, rattling loudly on the glass table next to the wicker armchair.
Does he really love Castiel? Sure, he feels extremely close to him, but love? Is that what he’s feeling now? He’s not sure they’ve known each other long enough to be in love. Though Dean thinks about how his dad used to talk about how he knew he loved his mom the moment they met, so he supposes it happens.
Hey, just a heads up that I may start posting less frequently. Maybe once every other week instead of every Sunday? I’m not totally sure yet.
Castiel opens the door and Dean is suddenly staring at his naked chest. He’s never seen Castiel in this state of undress before, and it short-circuits his brain because all he can seem to do is stare.
“And before you get mad about me spending money on you again, I bought it before I promised to stop, so it doesn’t count.”
Castiel follows him down, licking and sucking and nibbling on his nipple. Dean’s fingers twitch to tangle themselves in Castiel’s messy hair, but he can’t without hurting him, so they just kind of hang in the air, uncertain. But he needs to touch, needs to feel Castiel. One of his hands grasps Castiel’s bicep and the other scratches over his back, digging his nails in.
Sure enough, his phone informs him it’s Saturday: the day he and Alastair perform at the club. His stomach clenches though because Alastair never gives him instructions. He always just expects Dean to meet him there.
The only way he knows any time has passed at all is by the ache in his jaw and the way his knees have grown numb. But the pain in his body is dull. Everything feels far away.
“Hey, easy there, you hit your head pretty hard.” The woman grabs his arm to steady him. Her palm is cool against his sweaty skin and he sighs.
A straw is brought to Dean’s lips and he eyes it suspiciously. He’s still aware enough to be cautious of accepting open drinks in a club.
Dean realizes he’d been talking out loud, pleading for Castiel to not leave him alone again, and his face flushes. He feels his head spinning. The sensation is familiar by now, though the drop will be worse this time; it always is when he drinks too much before a scene.
He lifts the lid and Dean cranes his neck to see inside. Castiel chuckles and spins the box around, tipping it so Dean can see and revealing a ring of dark leather.
Dean considers a moment. “No,” he says finally, “No, I’m fine.” He sniffles again and digs around in the glove compartment for a tissue or a napkin, but finds nothing other than his registration and a few cassettes.
“Here.” Castiel presses a cold glass into his hand and Dean eyes it curiously. “It’s just water. Drink; you’ll feel better.”
It took him a while to realize that’s why he’s felt off all day, but he felt this way Thursday night too, though not as strong. It’s like his body knows he should be somewhere else right now.
The clock on the dash says it’s just past three in the afternoon. Technically he hasn’t eaten lunch yet. “No.”
Another sharp tug has Dean hissing around the thickness in his mouth. He moans loudly, the vibrations of it radiating through Castiel’s cock.
Castiel has already seen Dean subbing for Alastair, and he knows he did a piss poor job of showing how good he can be. He wants to show Castiel how good of a submissive he can be. But instead they have to talk. Dean grumbles under his breath about how stupid talking is as he putters around the kitchen, waiting for Castiel.
“Well, actually my work laptop is so old that I was due for an upgrade years ago. The people in the IT department kept pestering me about it, saying my computer was outdated and always caused unnecessary problems for them, but it still ran perfectly fine so I didn’t see a point in getting a new one.
Castiel’s fingers glide through Dean’s hair, gentle until his hand slips through the longer strands and then he grabs a handful and yanks hard enough that it drags Dean off his cock a little. Dean’s eyes slip closed and his mouth goes slack with the pleasure that spark of pain brings him.
“This is not going to be pretty,” Dean warns, “Don’t you know you’re supposed to order a salad or something on the first date?” His eyes go wide when he hears the words fall from his mouth. “Uh, I mean, not that I think this is a date or anything, I just mean…”
He slides down Dean’s body and begins to fulfil his promise. Castiel presses kisses to every part of Dean’s body, starting at his throat and working his way down. He licks and bites at Dean’s skin, drawing gasps and tiny bitten off groans of pleasure from Dean’s throat.
“You’ve got brothers and sisters?” Dean frowns. That seems like something he should know about the man he’s dating. And now that he thinks about it, he knows very little about Castiel’s personal life.
Dean shrugs, looking at his feet as they shuffle on the tiled floor of the kitchen instead of at Castiel. He sees Castiel’s socked feet shift closer and then he’s surrounded by the warmth of his arms, pulling him tightly against his chest. He melts when Castiel presses a kiss to his forehead.
He yelps in surprise at the stinging swat Alastair lays against his ass. “Let’s try that again, shall we? Does my filthy whore slave want to be fucked by this toy Master was kind enough to get for you?”
Dean complies, resting his head on his arms and settling into the well-worn cushions, and Castiel climbs onto the couch to straddle his legs. The material of his slacks graze against Dean’s bare thighs and it’s too much on his sensitive skin. He shifts to get more comfortable, but his legs are trapped and his chest tightens with the realization that he’s immobilized underneath the weight of a stranger, secluded in the back of a seedy BDSM club.
Dean blushes and raises a finger to gently feel his abused nipples. He hisses at the touch. “God, even wearing a shirt tomorrow is gonna suck.”
He leans down and sneers at Dean, gripping his chin tightly and getting so close Dean has no choice but to meet his eye. “Well, maybe not entirely.” He directs Dean’s attention to Castiel lying unconscious on the stage in front of him. “Do you really think he’s going to want you after this?”
Movement in one of the windows catches Dean’s attention. The curtain is pushed aside and a man peers out at them, waving excitedly. Castiel waves back and gets out of the car, leaving Dean no choice but to follow after him.
He sifts through his memories, trying to pinpoint the man from the shop today, but he doesn’t remember and only succeeds in dredging up the past he would have preferred to keep locked away.
Judging by the uneven breathing coming from the other side of the bed, Castiel found himself in a similar predicament. Or maybe the dude just had insomnia. Only one way to find out.
Alistair rolled his eyes and gestured to the side of his “throne” opposite Dean. A strangled groan came from the floor and Dean ran to its source. “Cas?” he asked, cautiously placing his hands on Cas’ face, his arms, his chest. Cas didn’t answer. “Cas!” His voice broke. “The hell did you do to him?” Dean screamed.
Dean froze at the weight his words carried, and Cas had to literally drag him a few feet before he realized time was of the essence. “So what are we doing now?”
The cave was exactly where Alistair promised, and Dean sagged in relief as he rapidly conceived of a plan in his mind. Then he realized that no plan was better than running in, guns blazing. Strategically, it was the worst possible plan and he knew it. But the irrational part of him said that it would be okay because he’d done it before and survived. And even if he didn’t survive, it would be fine as long as Cas did.
“It sounds great. Goodnight, Dean,” Jack whispered, giving Dean a quick, tight hug before running down the hall in his dinosaur pajamas that Dean lent him.
Creeping out into the hallway, he checked to make sure no staff members were still about before walking across the creaky floorboards, past Cas’ room, and stopping to knock on the door to Benny’s.
further across the bed than strictly necessary, and found the tips of his fingers resting against Castiel’s back and
Cas sauntered up to Dean, sliding his arms around his waist. They didn’t do that. That wasn’t something Dean though Cas wanted with him, that simple intimacy. Then he remembered Zachariah’s stance on ‘people like them’, and realized it didn’t mean shit. It was just an act Cas was putting on to get at Zachariah. Nothing more. It sting more than he cared to admit. Even so, Dean wasn’t one to pass up an opportunity. He slid his already bloody hands to rest over Cas’ on his stomach. Cas rested his chin on Dean’s shoulder to stage whisper in his ear, “I’m alright. He’s all yours.” Cas nibbled at his earlobe. Dean could see Zachariah squirm uncomfortably.
Dean ended up going back outside and leaning against the porch railing, as he and Cas had that morning all those days ago. He remembered feeling safe in a way he hadn’t since his mother was still alive. The house he lived in used to have a porch with a nice view, like the broken one he stood on. He thought so, anyway. He thought he remembered sitting on a railing, his fathers kind hands holding him steady while a woman warned them to be careful, or else they wouldn’t be allowed to have any of the supper that would be done soon. He thought he remembered his father’s kind laugh as he told her not to worry. That everything would be just fine.
The room erupted into chaos, some trying to engage him in combat, others trying to flee. Those who tried to escape found their only exit blocked as the Righteous Man pulled the doors shut behind him with a huff of disapproval. “You can’t leave now,” he pouted, “the fun’s only just getting started.” From all sides, they came at him, punching and slicing, not daring to shoot in such close quarters. They dealt some damage, sure, but he just kept hacking away, leaving piles of corpses as he made to cross the room. Blood soaked into his clothing, staining his face and hands but he kept at it. It wasn’t his blood, after all.
“Hey, Jack, can I talk to you?” Dean asked after dinner and a few rounds of beer--yeah, he let Jack have a bottle or two, so what? Kid’s the closest thing to God now, so, why not right?--as everyone retired to their respective rooms for the night.
Sliding into a stool at the bar, he raised a hand to flag the bartender over and ordered another glass of whatever the fuck he got the first time around. As he waited on the drink, a dark haired man slid into the spot next to him. He seemed to pointedly ignore Dean, and that was just fine by him. He made enough off the last poker game to tie him over until tomorrow, by which point he’d already be to the next town if all went according to plan. So whatever the guy wanted - if he wanted anything - Dean wasn’t all that interested. That is, until the fucker had to turn and look at him.
Dean reminded himself that the only reason he was mad at Cas was because Cas was mad at him, and he was simply returning the animosity so he didn’t get hurt. But he did get hurt, didn’t he?
“I think even if you did know something, your head’s so far up your ass we wouldn’t be able to tell if you’re actually full of shit or full of yourself. Same thing, really, but I digress. Still, orders are orders.” Jimmy gave a noncommittal shrug and set about packing up Dean’s shit.
“You’ve got interesting ways of showing love, Deano,” Alistair crooned, dropping his knife and letting the clatter echo through the chamber. “You left the poor Angel alone to die. I’d hardly call that
He shifted his hand to rest more solidly along Castiel’s spine, and Dean was fairly sure he heard Castiel’s breath hitch. Could’ve just been him, though. He continued nonetheless. Turning to face Castiel ever so slightly more, he slid his leg to rest between Castiel’s. An action that could be easily explained by being a restless sleeper, if need be. Perhaps he’d need to use that excuse sooner than he thought.
“Maybe I do, maybe I don’t. But either way, it’s not that. Dean, I’m fucking pissed that you didn’t trust me enough to tell me, not about the fact that you did it in the first place.”
They sat down and Castiel clasped his hands as if to pray, then shook his head minutely as if he thought better of it. Instead, they dug into their dinner. As he ate, Dean told himself again and again that it wasn’t Cassie. It wasn’t home. He’d known Castiel for only a week. They met in a shitty saloon and Castiel blew him in the alley out back. Castiel captured him with orders to bring him to the Angels, who probably wanted him dead because he used to be a Hellspawn. Castiel probably wanted him dead. Castiel
Dean hoped that wasn’t how the guy thought of him: just another john to get off and get away from as soon as possible. He didn’t know why, exactly. Maybe it was all his experience in that department that made him want this to genuinely be good for Jimmy. His entire train of thought was abandoned, however, when Jimmy took him all the way down, flicking his tongue over the sensitive spot on the underside of his cock on the way back up. Dean slid a hand into Jimmy’s hair, pulling at the short strands slightly. Jimmy hummed around his dick and shit, if that wasn’t the best thing Dean had felt in a long time. It felt so good, in fact, that it took only another minute before he blurted out a quick warning, then came down Jimmy’s throat.
“We need to find somewhere to stop soon,” Castiel said calmly, and Dean was grateful he even said something at all.
The second evening, Dean got fed up with the way Cas had been acting. He started treating Benny like a real person while still being a motherfucker towards Dean. Dean wanted revenge. He scooted closer to Benny by the fire, almost curling into his side. “For warmth,” he shrugged when looks were thrown his way. Cas looked as if he wanted to murder the both of them. Dean thought it was almost funny. Almost.
“We can all tell where Castiel’s loyalties are, and it’s not with us. Hasn’t been for a long time. But now they do seem to lie
“Of course it fucking matters!” Dean ignored him, laying down with his back turned to Cas. “Fine, then. Be a fucking child.” There was the rustling of cloth on cloth and Dean assumed Cas also laid down beside him. They remained still for minutes, hell, hours, neither able to sleep with the weight of their words hanging in the air.
“Actually, it kinda has everything to do with Cas being there. I dunno if you could tell, but Cas is kinda pissed at me - ” Benny snorted, “ - and I really don’t wanna deal with him right now.”
“It’s true. Michael did want to see you, and he wanted to see you right then. I just so happened to leave out the part where
Dean couldn’t help but long for this. The quiet moments where you and somebody else just go about business as usual. When you know each other better than anyone else, better than even yourself. He didn’t pretend to know Castiel like that, but what if- what if he did? Dean had met a girl or two that made him want to settle down, give up on the family business, but he never did. His father dragged him out of town or she found out he wasn’t good for anything but hustling and leaving.
“Azazel! Oh but the fun was just getting started,” the Righteous Man called, “Shame you’re here to interrupt it.”
Castiel appeared to sink into himself, just a little, before getting up and shoving Dean out of anger. “Yeah? Like you fucking demons are that much better. You steal and you violate and you torture and you slaughter just for the hell of it. You destroy for destruction’s sake. At least we deliver justice.”
Apparently, it was enough to wake Castiel up. “Dean? The hell are you doing? Not trying to escape are you?”
we can do.” Sam looked at him in what could easily have been mistaken for pity and shut his laptop, rising from his seat. Dean stood there, watching as Sam left him alone with his useless lore and the bottle of Jack that had become his new best friend.
“Hey, Jack. What, uh, what’re you doing here? I thought you were gonna go be the ocean and the rain and sunrise or whatever hippie shit,” Dean asked.
There was a fight, though, that night he left. John didn’t take so well to the idea of Sam leaving and
“Yeah. I missed you too,” he tells her awkwardly. It’s true, he did miss her, but in the way you miss an old best friend from high school. “There’s uh… there’s someone I want you to meet.”
Dean woke with his face buried in a more-than-seven-centuries old tome to the sound of laughter. “What? Huh? I’m up,” he slurred, wiping drool off his mouth--gross, did he get that on the book?--and glanced around the room. Sam sat in his usual spot next to him, laughing his annoying ass off, likely at Dean’s expense. Then, standing across from them was…
.” Cas led them down a different flight of stairs than the one they climbed when they first arrived.
“Because I rode with them for years, Dean. They had to send me to find you because unfortunately for them, I’m the best at it. They know they won’t be able to go after you, at least not safely. They don’t care enough to come after me. Zachariah just thinks that I’m a stain upon the Angels’ honor for running off with a former Hellspawn. So, he followed us to ‘exact justice’ or whatever he believes fit,” Cas sneered, coming up to stand a few yards behind Dean.
The stables led directly to the foyer of the house, and Dean marveled at its grandeur. It was nothing
“Oh, begging now, are we? I won’t let you take him with you, no, but I can do this instead.” Alistair grabbed a handful of Cas’ unkempt hair and pulled his head back. Cas cooperated easily in his semi conscious state. He drove a blade into the soft skin of Cas’ neck, still not slicing enough to kill. Not now.
“Please what?” he smirked. Dean figured Castiel knew just as well as he did, which is not much at all.
The guy didn’t answer, instead handing Dean a folded piece of paper in a familiar, messy scrawl. Dean’s stomach turned and he rushed for the alley, hearing Benny say a quick, “Thank you,” to the bartender before following. Dean collapsed against the wall and read the note by the light of the rapidly fading sun.
As Dean and Castiel talk he feels his anxiety cooling to a manageable level, locked beneath a thick layer of alcohol buzzing pleasantly through his body. He lets Castiel do most of the talking, happy just to let the deep voice wash over him and lull him into a sense of calm.
“Good.” Castiel smiles at Dean’s enthusiasm. “Then the next step is to discuss our limits, and rules, our expectations, and how our relationship will work.”
A hand on his shoulder has Dean going rigid, his head dipping low. He hadn’t heard him approach, hadn’t been paying attention, and Dean chides himself as his heart hammers against his ribcage.
Dean’s stomach churns at the sound of Castiel’s voice cracking, can’t stand that he’s the source of his pain. He wants to reach out and reassure him, run his fingers through his dark, unruly hair. He clenches his fists and averts his eyes to control himself.
Barring his doubts from this morning, the day has been perfect. Dean had been apprehensive about living with Castiel so soon after entering a relationship with him. He still has doubts, but his walls are crumbling around Castiel. It makes Dean both eager and terrified.
Dean repeats it again and again until Castiel isn’t spanking him anymore, but running a cool hand over his shoulder blades, down his back, his sides, until his palm comes to rest on the curve of Dean’s ass once more and Dean tenses, waiting for Castiel to continue spanking him.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbles again, berating himself for not even being able to do this small thing correctly for Castiel.
Dean’s tempted to go get the Impala right now, but he doesn’t know where in the city Castiel’s apartment is in relation to the club. He doesn’t even have enough money for bus fare, and if he’s in the financial district of the city then the club is an hour’s walk away, at least.
He had already been hard after Castiel finished tying him up, but now he can feel his cock twitch, desperate for attention, but his hips are up off the bed, presenting his ass for the sweet torture of Castiel’s fingers and tongue. It doesn’t stop his hips from thrusting forward, seeking nonexistent friction.
“Ten more, I think,” Castiel says as he rubs Dean’s ass, “and after each one, you’re going to say ‘I will not lie’ to make sure the lesson really sinks in.”
When Castiel appears in the open doorway to his room, he pauses. His eyes land on Dean and he sets his briefcase down slowly.
He bites his tongue to keep from screaming as pain shoots through him. He can hear cheers from the crowd but everything is drowned out by the sounds of his pathetic gasping, unable to catch his breath as the machine pumps into him. Tears leak from his eyes, and he doubles over, resting his head on the padding in front of him. The angle doesn’t really help the cock currently dragging against his insides, but the cool leather feels good against his cheek. He gasps in shallow breaths, trying to regain his composure. Trying to be good.
Dean glowers at Castiel, opens his mouth to speak, but promptly shuts it and instead folds his arms across his chest and presses his cheek against the cool glass of the window.
Dean’s brushing his teeth, staring at his blank face in the mirror when a large bruise on his hip catches his attention. His reflection turns and he watches as more dark bruises are revealed. They trail from his hips to his back and reach down past his ass to the backs of his thighs.
“It’s only ten.” But Dean’s yawning too, trying and failing to stifle it as Castiel rises from the couch.
The movie begins and Castiel takes the throw pillow resting under his arm and passes it down to Dean for him to sit on instead of just the thin rug on top of the hardwood floor. He gets resituated and turns his full attention to the mound of food waiting in front of him.
Dean clears his throat and sniffles, and when he answers Castiel his voice cracks, but his breathing has evened out and the tears have stopped, so he just sighs and says, “Yeah. I’m here.”
Dean walks across the room and slides Castiel’s chair out from the desk, the wheels clacking loudly against the hardwood. “You’re gonna work yourself sick if you keep this up.”
Dean’s reply is cut off in a moan as Castiel dives down and takes all of Dean into his mouth in one movement. The heat of his mouth is incredible and Dean circles his hips when all Castiel does is rest, his shallow breaths tickling the hair at the base of Dean’s cock.
Castiel strokes him firmly and Dean bucks into the grip. And then Castiel’s grip is gone, instead running his fingertips lightly along the underside of Dean’s throbbing erection.
Castiel moves behind him and Dean fights the urge to follow the movement. He maintains his position, showing Castiel that he can follow orders.
I'm splitting this week's chapter into two part because LONG. So the next part will be up either later today or tomorrow sometime. There's just one part I need to finish.
Dean doesn’t answer, his attention honed in on Castiel’s fingers digging into the soft skin of his ass.
He can deal with physical pain. That part is easy. That part helps him let go. The constant, sharp pain of the rice on his knees isn’t the same kind of arousing pain as being spanked or flogged or having clamps on his nipples, but it’s still manageable.
Dean looks up to see Castiel’s worried eyes turning soft. He sighs and rests his head back in Castiel’s lap.
“Tempting.” Dean mouths along the side of Castiel’s length. He runs his tongue up and down the shaft once more before finally,
His hands are quickly retied in front of him, just as tight as before, and then Alastair ties another length of rope around the ones binding his hands before pulling it taut through a hook hanging above the bench. When he lets go Dean finds he can’t lean forward any more, forced to sit upright in a position that makes every thrust of the machine miss his prostate. Alastair switches something that lifts Dean’s arms and then his body until the bottom of the dildo can be seen as it makes its jerky pumping motions in and out of his sore hole.
The rest of the afternoon is spent in relative, comfortable silence with light music drifting from the laptop speakers as Castiel reads his book and Dean attempts to make the computer run a little smoother. He deletes nearly all the icons on the desktop after showing Castiel how to find the programs and then makes a ‘bookmarks’ page for him. It’s nice having a project to keep him occupied.
“There,” Castiel says as he moves to stand behind Dean. “You will kneel there for five minutes and think about what you did to deserve this. And we’re going to use this punishment to kill two birds with one stone. While you’re contemplating the actions that brought you here, you will practice deep throating with this dildo. Now, hands behind your back.”
,” Charlie continues, “I totally feel like she’s a part of me now. We’ve been through so much together and grown together. If I ever lost her it would feel like losing a part of myself.”
“I seriously doubt Alastair is the kind of man to give up so easily, so no, I still don’t think it’s safe to go back to your apartment.” Castiel comes to stand behind Dean at the counter, leaning over his shoulder and watching as Dean globs spoonfuls of honey into the two steaming mugs. “As for money: I’ll take care of it, don’t worry.”
Someone commented sometime ago about the difference between “come” and “cum” and my explanation is that when I started writing this I didn’t like the word “cum” so I just used “come” instead but yeah, that’s incorrect I kept using it because I didn’t want to switch halfway through but I also didn’t want to go back and change every single time either anywayyyy all this to say I will be switching from here on, fuck consistency.
The researching is helpful, but it’s a lot of information to take in. After a while, Dean finds himself zoning out, unable to focus enough to read. He shuts the laptop and gets up from the couch, wandering around the apartment. He walks in and out of rooms, unsure what to do with himself. He can’t sit still. It feels like he should be doing something else.
“Ooh, we’re threatening violence in a house of God, I see! You really do live up to your reputation, I must say, Mr. Winchester.” Zachariah looked for all the world as if he truly was getting a kick out of the conversation.
The Hellspawn hissed through his teeth, opening and closing his mouth a couple times before replying, “North. Boss said som- something about a town they were... gonna find. Down- down the road.”
“Yeah, no shit,” Dean laughed, sliding off Baby and walking her to the stable. The stalls, while still
he never fully reached. He cried for the almost-life he’d lived. Eventually, he came inside and joined Cas on the bed with tear tracks still drying on his face. They laid as far apart as they could get, never touching, never talking.
Benny comes along soon after, and Sam and his girl - Eileen - not long after that. Because Dean’s luck is the absolute shittiest (I think it’s really fucking funny), Benny and Cassie really hit it off and become fast friends. Now that’s a duo he never imagined having to deal with, and therefore never imagined the power they could hold over him. Now he knows. They are absolutely
Angels?” Jimmy nodded in affirmation. “Damn, I figured you were better than that, Jimbo. You? Bosom buddies with the most self righteous dicks in the whole country? Shit, man. Thought you were better’n that,” he repeated.
“Yeah. Meet me back here, though, alright? I should be back in town in a week and if I’m not… y’know. But I’ll see you again, okay? Just not- not right now. I don’t wanna… well, you know what I mean.”
Forehead bouncing against the back of whoever sat in front of him, Dean blinked his way back into consciousness. Through the blinding sunlight and nagging headache, he realized it was
Dean chuckled and removed his knife from the guy’s throat, delivering a swift blow to the head that would hopefully let the guy forget everything that just happened. If he blabbed and Dean found himself with a price on his head, he’d come back for the guy. After he saved Cas.
“Not much he didn’t already do to himself. Aside from the uh, knife wounds, he was mostly already like this. We snatched lover boy here from the saloon a few towns over. Poor, helpless thing was drunk as shit. Figured out why as soon as I read his diary: he was upset because you ‘bwoke his wittle heart’, so he ran off. Azazel said we should fetch you too, but I said ‘Eh, I know him,’” Alistair chuckled maliciously. “‘He’ll come.’ Although, after reading this,” Alistair waved around a small leather book that Dean soon realized was Cas’ journal, “I wasn’t so sure. The way he describes how you treat him? But, the poor fucker’s still whipped and here you are anyways. Says a lot, dontcha think?” Alistair drawled.
that she’s just fine and you need to calm the fuck down,” Jimmy snapped. Dean didn’t even dare to answer, instead turning around and confirming that Baby was, in fact, following along. Jimmy had apparently tied her to his horse. Jimmy had
Eventually, they stopped and made camp, just as the sun was beginning to set. Dean laughed aloud at the idea that he was watching a sunset, and when Cas asked him what in the hell was so funny, he simply responded, “Dunno. Didn’t think I’d see any more after you took me to Angel home base.” And that was that.
“Castiel, huh?” Dean asked, trying out the name, seeing how the syllables fit on his tongue. “Why’re you telling me that? Why’d you even bother with a fake name anyways?”
“Or nothing, damnit!” he yelled, standing so suddenly he knocked his chair across the library. “We’ll save him, we will, because he’d do the same for either one of us. We owe him this much, Sam. Hell, we owe him so fucking much that this is the
At his side, Cas stool incredibly still as he spoke with another Angel - Uriel, he believed he’d heard him called - spine ramrod straight, shoulders back, voice cool and empty. He looked every part of what Dean believed Angels to be. Uriel gestured to a staircase at the far end of the room, and Castiel gripped Dean’s arm tight, dragging him through the crowd that had gathered, likely due to the news of his arrival. Castiel’s face remained impassive as he pulled Dean along and up the stairs, and Dean came to a horrifying revelation. That was it. The end of the line. He’d be alone for the rest of his short, miserable life and Castiel would return to the Angels. His footsteps echoed in the otherwise silent hallway, and as Castiel knocked on a door thrice, Dean realized,
pushed in, their groans filling the air, Dean felt whole again. They sat there for a moment, just taking it in. Dean didn’t know if Castiel did it for him or not, but he was grateful for the chance to adjust nonetheless. Then Castiel pulled back out ever so slightly and slammed back in, then again, and again, and Dean swore he already reached Heaven’s gates.
Half slumped over his cards in an effort to feign drunkenness, Dean Winchester found himself nursing a glass of shit whiskey in a crappy saloon in some backwater town a few miles from the Kansas- Oklahoma border. His ribs ached from the plunge he took off Baby, his horse, earlier that evening when he tied her up outside the saloon. Not one of his finest moments, sure, but worse had happened and hey, the night was young; “bad” still had the potential to qualify for “worse”. For now, he just had to focus on winning this game of poker. Easy enough.
“Where’s the Angel?” Dean screamed, knowing no one could hear them but not caring even if someone could. The demon just chuckled. That is, until Dean sliced his Achilles tendon in half. Dean smirked as the laughter turned to cries, just as the other demons’ had all those months ago. “Now, I’m gonna say it again: Where’s my Angel?”
It’s different. You don’t owe them jack. And that’s what’s great about leaving, I guess. You get to be your own family. Trust me, Cas, what they’ve got going isn’t something you want to be tangled up in.”
“The hell do you want?” he sneered, still half asleep. He jerked to attention, however, when he noticed the rope binding his wrists. “The fuck is this? You here to rob me or something?”
Pain swept over him in waves, each one pulling with it a shred of consciousness. The last thing the Righteous Man thought was:
Dean just shrugged. Eventually, Sam showered and made himself one of those kale smoothies he started drinking a couple weeks prior. (They tasted like ass, by the way. He’s got firsthand knowledge) before pulling out a chair and grabbing one of the many books now stacked on the table.
A gunshot rang off, deafening in the limited space, and the pain registered a moment later. A sharp, white-hot sensation in his abdomen. The next events were a blur through the haze of agony. Azazel running over and freeing Alistair. Trying to reach over and stop him. Azazel hefting an unconscious Alistair over his shoulder and taking off down the hallway.
Dean twirled his dagger menacingly and pressed it up against Alistair’s throat, glancing to the side every now and then to check on Cas. Alistair noticed his distraction and tracked the movement with his eyes. Dean’s heart pounded. Pressing harder with his blade, he demanded “I said, let him go.”
“The first is that I do not tolerate lying. At all. It’s impossible to have trust in a relationship with lies. And a lie by omission is still a lie.”
A pair of dark sweatpants sits low on his hips and Dean immediately zeroes in on the dark tattoo inked into his skin there. Two matching stems of leaves frame each side of his hips and disappear underneath the waistband of his pants.
Dean hears the glass being placed on the side table and breathes a sigh of relief that ends in a choked off scream as Alastair presses an ice cube to the wound on Dean’s shoulder. The cold before had stung but the direct contact with the ice burns, intensified by the alcohol that still lingers and is now being spread into his cut.
“Sometimes,” Dean answers, his eyes glued to the notebook. “When I do something wrong sometimes it’s like I’m overwhelmed with guilt. Being…reprimanded helps ease the guilt.”
Dean smiles at Castiel and some of the tension does ease from his body. Castiel clears his throat and gestures towards the door. “I’ll bring you a towel and some clean clothes.”
Dean watches Castiel press the dough onto the greased baking sheet, a little bigger than the ones Dean’s already made, but that’s okay.
Dean closes his eyes against the stare Castiel has pinned on him. He counts the seconds as they tick by, growing more and more worried the longer Castiel remains silent. Dean worries he said too much, sounded too desperate and turned Castiel off.
Castiel frowns and places the new laptop on the coffee table. “And you feel like this is the same as the situation you had with Alastair.”
Castiel runs his palm down Dean’s back, grounding him with his gentle touch. He hadn’t realized he was so sweaty until Castiel’s cool hand touches his clammy skin. He’s panting into the blankets, grabbing fistfuls of it so he won’t just reach down and finish himself off.
Between all the flirty jokes sent back and forth there were real conversations. Nothing too serious or overly personal, but Dean knows Castiel loves pineapple on his pizza, which Dean let him know is an atrocity. He knows that Castiel likes old black and white movies, and that he has a strangely diverse taste in music.
His whole life Dean has been a caretaker, a protector, but it still shocks him when he looks down at Castiel sitting on the floor, head tilting slightly as he inspects each movie, and feels this sense of protectiveness come over him.
“Please,” Dean moans as Castiel breaks the kiss. He tries to capture Castiel’s lips once more, but he’s pushed back until he’s resting on his heels again.
Castiel nods slowly. “He had been hurt in a past relationship and I was the…rebound, I guess you could call it. I thought we were in love, but what Alfie felt for me wasn’t love. Well, I suppose it was a kind of love, but he didn’t love me the way I loved him. By the time he figured that out a year had passed and I was already planning a future with him.”
Dean groans and rolls his eyes as he admits, “Castiel only has my well-being in mind with this rule.”
“You’re late,” Alastair says as he opens the door. He turns his back to Dean and disappears into the dark apartment. Dean closes the door behind him and kicks off his boots.
Dean jolts back suddenly, surprising Castiel and himself. He wants to kiss him, longs for every touch they share, every lingering stare. But a kiss is too intimate. He wants to laugh as the thought flits through his brain. Castiel has seen him naked, has watched as another man whipped him raw and fucked his throat. He has seen Dean with tears streaking his face, seen him in the middle of a panic attack, seen him laid bare and still stuck around, still wants Dean in a way that makes him a little dizzy.
“Come on, Cas,” Dean pleads, “We don’t have to do a scene or anything tonight, I just want to suck you.”
The warning is clear and Dean shivers as he reads the text, knowing exactly how Castiel’s voice would sound if he were here. Low, commanding, rumbling through Dean’s chest as Castiel pins him down.
But Castiel couldn’t control himself. It’s only a few days later that he comes home with another surprise for Dean.
Castiel said he wanted to be Dean’s boyfriend more than his Dom, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t be both, right? Dean isn’t really sure how a relationship like this is supposed to work. The only one he has for reference is what he and Alastair had, and he knows that’s not what a Dom/sub relationship is supposed to be either, so he really is in the dark.
“—and being reminded every damn day that…that I can’t have you. That I messed this up.” He gestures between them.
He admires the picture as he waits for a response. A blush spreads out across his freckled cheeks and he eyes the camera from under heavy lashes while biting his lip. The collar is on full display and one of his cuffed hands tweaks at his nipple. Dean knows exactly how much Castiel likes to play with his nipples.
“No. Sending me a text will act as a sort of reminder. Hopefully this way you won’t forget to eat and eventually it’ll just be a habit and you won’t need the reminder anymore.”
Dean turns the Impala around, pulling an illegal U-turn and getting a few angry honks from the cars behind him in response, but he couldn’t care less.
I’m soooo stoked and I’m already learning so much about how to actually write a novel. Which, hello, shouldn’t they teach you that stuff when you’re getting a freakin’ writing degree? Cause no one taught me.
“Cas?” Dean calls again a few minutes later. “Do you feel nauseous at all?” He looks down at the laptop screen. “Or did you vomit at all since last night?”
There are stools on either side of the bench that allow Dean to climb up and throw his leg over so he’s hovering over the plastic cock, resting on the balls of his feet. His thighs shake with the effort of holding his weight and the tip of the toy brushes against his skin with every movement. Thankfully, Alastair squirts some lube over the dildo, making it shine under the harsh spotlights.
He updates Castiel, adding on an “I miss you” to the end of his text even though it’s only been a day since Castiel left on his work trip. But it feels like it’s been longer since he’s actually spent time with Castiel. Lately, Dean and Castiel’s schedules have conflicted, Castiel leaving for work early in the morning before Dean wakes up and Dean working the closing shift at the café, getting home only an hour or two before Castiel turns in for the night.
The razor clatters to the tiled floor of the bathroom and Dean crashes down after it, tears streaming down his face as he sobs silently. He’s not even strong enough to do this. God, he’s pathetic.
Without his keys, Dean had had to break the window to get in and yank the wires from beneath the steering wheel to get the car started. The Impala is in definite need of some TLC, but Dean’s just glad it was still there.
Rough hands are on his ass cheeks, kneading and spreading him wide. Alastair clicks his tongue disapprovingly as a thick, calloused finger circles Dean’s hole. “Too bad you didn’t follow my instructions, pet. Because I’m not prepping you any. I’m not going to lay a single finger on your defiled body tonight. You’ll be at the mercy of anyone here who wants to try out one of your slutty holes.”
Castiel is seated at the counter in the kitchen, leaning over a steaming mug of tea and reading a book that Dean can’t make out the cover of as Castiel bends the pages back on themselves.
He doesn’t want to bother Castiel at work and doesn’t want to make him worry about nothing. At least, Dean hopes it’s nothing. He hopes he’s just being paranoid and that man isn’t too close with Alastair.
The apartment is at least three times the size of Dean’s old studio, but it feels somehow smaller. Castiel has so much stuff that it takes up most of the space. Despite it feeling a bit cramped, Dean feels more at home here than he did in his own apartment the past four years. Maybe that has something to do with the fact that Castiel has the taste of an old grandmother.
Castiel takes a step forward and Dean flinches, anticipating the first blow. But Castiel just places the mug on the counter behind Dean.
When Dean goes to the kitchen in search of food he notices the pasta bowls and wine glasses are on the drying rack next to the sink, and the table has been cleared. It’s as if last night never happened. He just wanted to do something nice for Castiel but he can’t even do that right.
“It’s fine, really,” Dean breathes, watching Castiel’s fingers gripping his wrist, his thumb tracing small circles on his skin. “Everything is fine now.” And Dean almost believes it; wants to. But past experience dictates this will all go up in smoke sooner or later.
Sweat dots his forehead as he tries to even out his breathing. Alastair slides the ice cube around Dean’s back until it’s completely melted then starts the process again with another until Dean’s entire back is burning, yet numb from the cold.
He wraps the napkin around the ice and sighs when the cold makes contact with his skin. He alternates using the makeshift compress on his eyes and cheek, hoping to get some of the swelling to go down before Castiel arrives.
“My, have I got a treat for you today,” Alastair addresses the crowd that’s gathered around the stage.
The slaps alternate, Castiel first striking one, then the other cheek and quickly covering Dean’s ass in a stinging redness. Dean ruts against the cheap material of Castiel’s slacks, moaning at the harsh friction and pushing further back into Castiel’s palm.
Castiel is by the front door, waiting for him. Meg is nowhere to be seen and Dean hopes she’s already left.
“You have nothing to be sorry for.” Castiel waits, and when Dean doesn’t say anything and won’t meet his eyes he presses, “Okay?”
He inspects the lock of the door closest to him and is appalled to find that it’s not even a deadbolt: it’s only a knob lock. All he’d need to do would be stick a fingernail or something in the little slit in the doorknob and twist until it unlocked.  How this club has managed to stay open is a mystery to Castiel, but at this point he doesn’t really care: once he gets Dean out of here he’s never setting foot in the place again.
Thank you all so much for the comments!! I appreciate every single one and they all make me wanna cry happy tears.
“Stay here. Don’t move.” Castiel leaves the kitchen and Dean strains his ears, listening to Castiel’s steps grow farther away as he makes his way to the bedroom.
His eyes lock onto the hunched figure at the other end of the room. Castiel stands in the doorway watching Dean, naked and chained to the wall. The short length of chain is connected to a thick metal collar wrapped snug around Dean’s neck.
Castiel still doesn’t respond the next day and Dean sends him another three texts before noon. He’s growing restless and wishes he had a shift at the café today. At least work would keep him busy. But as it is Dean’s been awake since sunrise, lazing about the apartment all morning.
Castiel’s voice breaks his reverie, “All right, let’s go through the rest of the symptoms then.” He closes his book and sits up properly in the armchair.
Dean is actually slightly grateful for the come slicking the way when he’s breached again. This one is thicker and made of rubber. Long nail scratch down his back and Dean sighs with it as a hint of pleasure seeps through the pain. Catching sight of Castiel’s body lying limp on the floor Dean feels instantly guilty for even that single second of pleasure.
Castiel purses his lips but doesn’t say anything. “So,” Dean says as he pulls his jeans on, trying to calm his shaking hands, “Did you enjoy the show?”
“Do I need to put a cock ring on you?” Castiel wraps his fingers around Dean’s cock again, giving him a few slow strokes. “Or can you behave on your own?”
“He’s still in school. He’s gonna be some bigshot lawyer soon, though, working all the highest profile cases and winning each one. He wants to help the people who can’t help themselves, wants to see all the evil in the world put behind bars, and wants to do it all himself. I’m pretty proud of him.”
“Take a quick break.” Dean starts working the knots out of Castiel’s shoulders, trying to get him to abandon the pile of papers.
Castiel’s eyes widen. “Dean, are you performing in a scene tonight?” He looks over his shoulder, following Dean’s gaze to the stage where a few employees are setting up the next performance. Dean’s performance.
Castiel turns to the people watching. “This man did not consent to this scene.” He points back at Dean. “You are all witnessing an act of rape. By standing here as passive observers you are liable as accomplices to this crime.” Everyone stands dumbstruck, unmoving. Castiel’s voice is low and commanding when he says, “I suggest you leave now before the authorities arrive.”
Dean groans when Pavlovská remains quiet, sitting across from him patiently. “Not great,” he admits.
Dean rolls his shoulders and sighs, letting some of the tension fall from his position and resting his butt on his heels.
Even that is asking too much, but Dean obeys and flops onto his stomach. He grunts when he feels Castiel tugging at the rope. It takes a moment for him to realize that Castiel is untying the knots, freeing him from the rope harness.
In his mind Dean hears himself calling out for Castiel, his voice whiny and pathetic as Castiel watches the events play out on that stage, watches as Dean is bent over and taken over and over again. Worse still, watching as Dean gets hard, moans brokenly for everyone in that club to hear. He hadn’t wanted it, but the things done to him on that stage—for the most part—had felt good and Dean curses the betrayal of his own body.
Castiel shimmies to get comfortable and then sighs as he sinks into the mattress, surrounded by Dean’s warmth. “Much better,” he says, ending in a yawn.
The man laughs, a sound from deep in his throat, and the smile that crosses his lips is contagious. The bartender places a glass of dark liquid in front of the man. He eyes Dean as he lifts the drink and swirls it around a few times before bringing it to his lips and taking a sip. Dean watches his Adam’s apple bob as he swallows.
It’s Dean’s turn to blush when they’re approached by a saleswoman who asks if they need help finding anything. Castiel tells her what they’re looking for and suddenly Dean can’t make eye contact with her. But the entire time they’re in the store the woman helps them with sizing and styles and not once does Dean feel judged by her.
of knuckles colliding with bone and Castiel crumples, his head connecting with the floor of the stage as he goes limp. Dean tries again to break free of the stocks and cries out Castiel’s name.
“It may seem like overkill,” Castiel says, “But it’s better to have precautions in place and never use them than to need them and not have them.”
They finish cleaning up the mess from breakfast together and Dean’s just finishing wiping down the table when Castiel’s cellphone chimes on the counter where he left it to charge. Castiel grabs it and immediately groans.
There are too many sensations assaulting his body. With this many hands, tongues, and dicks touching him he can’t slip away into the corner of himself like he usually does during the performances. He’s forced to stay present and feel everything.
How many times had Alastair watched Dean in his apartment, doing everyday things? Masturbating? Cuddling with Castiel on his couch and dry humping until they both came? Dean turns wide eyes to Castiel. He’s going to think Alastair put him up to it, that it’s all a part of his fucked up games.
“Dean, I’m so glad you called.” The last of Dean’s control seeps out of him when he hears Castiel’s voice come through the phone.
Dean thinks on it a moment and Castiel sits up straighter, forcing Dean to sit up with him, He turns around on the cushion to look at Castiel, staring back at him with wide eyes.
It doesn’t matter that Castiel can take care of himself, has proven his strength to Dean numerous times already: Dean wants to ensure that nothing bad ever happens to Castiel if he can help it.
It was hard not having his mom growing up, but it was harder on Sam who barely has any memories of her at all, and harder still on their dad. Dean saw his mom’s death weigh on Sam and Dad day after day. So Dean put aside his own grief, hid it behind that wall and put on a brave face. He had to be strong. For Sammy.
Dean throws his hands up. “There is no risk. Alastair’s still at the club, we’ve got a head start on him, enough that I can run upstairs and throw all my shit in a bag and be back out before he even thinks about coming after me.”
“Although,” Castiel continues, “I would appreciate a quick text if you do decide you’d rather not see me again.”
Castiel scoots back on the mattress until his back rests against the headboard. “Come here,” he says and opens his arms to Dean who goes willingly, shuffling up the bed and lying down next to Castiel.
“It seems to me that any Dominant afraid of someone challenging their authority isn’t all that confident in their ability to dominate in the first place.” Castiel leans down to place a gentle kiss to Dean’s lips. “If you feel so inclined as to challenge my dominance, I would be more than happy to show you exactly how dominant I can be.”
Dean swears again, Castiel’s text tipping him over the edge. He spills into his palm, his grip tightening as he fucks into his fist in jerky motions.
“I’m not going to hurt you. You’re safe.” Castiel’s voice fills the darkness. And when Dean blinks his eyes open again Castiel is there, standing in the same spot, hands still raised, his eyes filled with worry as he watches Dean.
His body cracks and complains when he rolls over in bed and his legs get tangled in the warm blankets. He stuffs his face in a pillow and lies unmoving, trying to ignore the aches that pulse through his body. Eventually, when his bladder is about to burst, he gets up and heads to the bathroom.
. He looks small sitting cross-legged on the floor, blue eyes wide and innocent as he blinks up at Dean.
Alastair’s voice draws Dean’s attention again. “And here I thought I was through with you. I thought you’d finally been broken beyond repair, and then you go and surprise me.” Dean glares at him. “Look at that face. That is not the face of a broken man: I’ve still got work to do.” The smirk on Alastair’s face can mean nothing but trouble for both Dean and Castiel.
Dean walks into the club half an hour early after sitting in the parking lot, gripping the steering wheel tightly and trying to calm his nerves for fifteen minutes. Tonight wasn’t going to be easy. He came to a decision on the short drive to the club and he’s run through different scripts in his head so many times he’s sure as soon as he opens his mouth a jumble of words is going to tumble out.
He has to break the kiss to breathe, but Castiel follows him, mouthing at his neck and nibbling against the soft flesh there. Dean tilts his head to give better access and his gaze lands on a woman who’s eyeing them from a bus stop across the street.
“Up.” Alastair pulls Dean by the hair until he’s standing. “Stay,” he orders, and Dean feels him step away.
Castiel frowns. “It feels…impersonal when you refuse to look at me, like you don’t want to be here.”
No matter how hard he tries, Dean can’t help but focus on the unblinking blue eyes staring up at him. “Don’t watch, Cas. Please, please.”
“All right, fellas!” The waiter announces his presence, “Food’s finally here. I apologize again for the delay. One Rock N’ Roll burger,” he places a plate in front of Castiel, “And one Google It.” He places the other plate in front of Dean. “Anything else I can get you? Hot sauce? Ketchup, Mustard? More beer?”
He’s been thinking about it for a few days now but he kept putting off talking to Castiel about it, worried about how he would react.
“That’s like the fourth hand in a row you’ve won.” Bess places her cards down, one card shy of a full house. “Cas, you’re not allowed to bring him anymore if he keeps winning.”
“Well, I’m gonna have to keep wearing ‘em cause my funds are very limited and someone won’t let me go back to my place to grab any of my stuff.”
“You’ve done so well.” Castiel runs a gentle hand through Dean’s hair as he settles the plug back into his hole after having brought him to the edge by fucking him with it. “Good boys deserve a reward. Do you want your reward now?”
He had to correct her. “Um Ellen, we haven’t talked about what to name this…thing…we got happening between us, yet”.
Nevertheless, he was ready to receive said person, eyes immediately locking onto the very familiar greens of the other.
As they walked closer to the entrance of the hall, he could hear his boys laugh lightly behind him. Yeah, he couldn’t help cracking a chuckle as a light commotion of words followed.
He feels those words rattle him, his heart squeezing in pain. He closes his eyes briefly, still unable to turn and face Sam. He settles for saying over his shoulder in an almost tired voice, “Then it should start to show, Sam. But, until then, Dean comes second to Bal.” And damnit, that was the hardest thing he had had to admit in his entire life.
He dried his hands on the dish towel and headed over to the living room. He was met with his gorgeous date sitting on the long white sofa, smiling up at him. The man held out a hand, “Come sit next to me, Dean.”
He explained what happened to his mom as they both walked down the stairs, into the kitchen. His mom could only chuckle and say, “Oh the stubbornness of omega mates”.
Ellen replied, “you too, kid”. She clapped him on the bicep, “Now, why don’t you and this miserable cussie come in for breakfast!”
And maybe, if he had been thinking with his upstairs brain, he would have taken the initiative to meet Jimmy’s twin. Maybe, he would have discovered love earlier.
For a fraction of a second, he admitted to himself that the video images of Cas on skype and face time didn’t do the omega any justice. Cas was nearly six foot in height (almost as tall as he), dark haired, bright blue eyed and slender in built.
Craven felt anger course through his veins. That blue eyed vampire never adhered to anything he said nor showed him any ounce of respect. He still loved the vampire; he desired him. He had let Castiel get away with his petulance; but not this time! This time he was going to fuck and claim the vampire; make him his without the vamps permission. He called out, “NAPIER! COME HERE!”
Dean felt his voice crack, “Of course I feel what you mean baby. Your pain is exactly the same I feel, though I know you had more of an emotional connection to our pup and are feeling more. I- feel like a failure hon, like I didn’t protect my pup from anything horrible”.
He just put his head down and walked on by. If he was lucky, his tormentor would leave him alone, but if he wasn’t, he would get one hell of a shove into the lockers before his bag was ripped open and it’s contents emptied unto the floor of the schools hallway.
John smiled warmly, “I have a feeling you will find your omega tonight, son. But, even if you don’t, that’s ok. Don’t pressure yourself and choose wisely.”
He was getting freaken nervous as the silence stretched. Cas seem to be contemplating a thought, whilst shyly scratching the table with his index finger.
Dean’s sour leather and whiskey scents only made him feel like puking out his guts now. He found himself getting up hastily, nearly knocking the chair back. He couldn’t meet anyone’s eyes right now….because he felt
“You smell like apples to me, alpha. Like apples from freshly baked apple pies. My favorite food, ever”. Dean felt this weird fluttering sensation in his tummy. His omega wolf suddenly desperate to know this special alphas name. He gnawed at his bottom lip, pinching at a strand of loose cotton on his faded blue jeans. He asked in a barely audible voice, “what’s your name, alpha?”
And together they moaned against each other’s lips as their bodies grew hot with pleasure, until both couldn’t take it any longer- who made the first move- they wouldn’t know- but in a second he and Dean’s lips met hot and messy in a kiss that spoke of passion and deep want.
He was willing to find out, because today, he also came with a purpose and a decision. One he was unclear of making 3 years ago.
Dean’s warm body heat, right by his side, was in a way comforting. He realized that he missed this feeling of having Dean by his side- providing that necessary care and warmth his omega so craved. And, honestly, having these feelings and thoughts of the alpha was a little
A/N: I apologize for the delay in posting up this chapter. The truth is I haven't been feeling so well, mentally and emotionally. I believe depression is trying to rear its ugly head back into my life. And, honestly speaking, I have been feeling its effects on my life holistically. Today, I felt like I could at least get a chapter out there. It may not be my best, nevertheless, I do hope you enjoy. Also, please pardon me for my late posting.
“I thought you were bored with me. And then I couldn’t stop thinking about how I’d have to go back to Alastair if—”
Even over text Castiel’s praise still affects Dean. It makes him smile as he ladles soup into a bowl.
But Dean had understood the words the first time, just not the implications of them. Does he truly mean Dean can choose whatever he wants? Dean wonders if Castiel would let him fuck him. He can only imagine what it would feel like to be inside Castiel. And nope, Dean has to stop that train of thought at the station or he’s not going to get what he really wants.
But what if that was only to get Dean to trust him so Castiel could kidnap him and keep him locked in his sex dungeon basement, torturing Dean before finally killing him. Except the easiest time to kidnap him would’ve been last night when he was completely out of it. He actually laughs out loud at himself.
He imagines Castiel taking the flogger to his backside, bruising every inch of his skin black and blue so that every time he sits down, every time he moves, he can feel the ache of the marks on him.
Dean sips at the juice slowly when Castiel presents it to him. “You’ll feel better if you eat something,” Castiel comments, placing the emptied glass on a table next to the couch, “Think you can sit up and eat a granola bar?”
The best way to deal with trauma is to lock it behind a wall and not think about it. If he doesn’t think about, it can’t hurt him. The problem is the memories don’t always stay behind that wall. They slip through the cracks, or bust the wall down completely and flood out all at once.
Dean’s ass aches where Alastair hastily prepped him and he shakes his head minutely, still staring in shock at the device.
Dean stays silent and Castiel finally pushes up off the couch. Dean thinks that he’s leaving, ending the conversation there because he’s being difficult, but then Castiel grabs the laptop from his desk and brings it back.
Dean’s eyes flick to his face in the rear-view mirror. His eyes are puffy and red, and there’s a distinct handprint burning on his cheek. He opens his mouth to decline, to give some excuse and tell Castiel “next time” but his stomach growls at the same time Castiel chimes in and says, “I’m buying.”
Dean’s glad for the little boxes that let him add comments so he can make a note that he likes to be called ‘good boy’ and the like, but not derogatory names like ‘whore.’ He also makes sure to note his enthusiasm for spanking, hair pulling, giving head, and being restrained.
Shopping has never been something Dean’s enjoyed. And he likes clothes shopping even less, but it’s different with Castiel. Every store they go to Castiel grabs armfuls of jeans and shirts and sweaters and asks to see the outfits Dean tries on, telling him what looks good and what doesn’t.
By the time the song is over his heart is thumping and he leaves the stage soaring, feeling energized, as if he could do anything in this moment. He walks back over to the bar with a smile on his face, happy to see that the man from the bar—Castiel—is still sitting there sipping his scotch. Dean puts a little extra sway in his step when he sees Castiel’s eyes roaming over his body. He knows he looks good, and takes pride in his body.
“We’re out of sight of the bar. He can’t see you.” Castiel sits patiently, watching Dean, waiting for him to calm down.
I currently don’t have any other stories planned for after this one is done, but if you have any requests let me know! Maybe it’ll spark something and I’ll write another 100,000+ word fic, or maybe just a few oneshots, who knows!
Dean is determined to save Castiel, even if it means sacrificing himself. Alastair, however, has something more sinister in mind.
Dean shakes his head. “Please Master, I’m too sore from yesterday since you didn’t prepare me, and—” A sharp tug on his hair cuts his words off in a hiss.
He finds Castiel rushing around the living room gathering his papers and stuffing them into his briefcase.
Dean rolls his eyes but can’t keep the smile from his face when he says, “Fine, but I’m not making another bowl when we run out before the movie even starts because you can’t control yourself.”
“I’m saying that I care about you greatly and I want to continue this, and explore what we have, but I won’t jeopardize my morals to do so…or any more than I already have, at least. I don’t share, Dean, so if you’re with me, you’re with
“Dean?” In front of him Dean stands shivering with his back to Castiel, arms wrapped around his middle, still naked under the tan trench coat. He turns at the sound of his name, and Castiel’s gaze is drawn down. “You’re not wearing shoes.” Dean looks down too, wiggling his toes in the plush rug in the front hall of Castiel’s apartment.
“Never feel like you need to hide from me. I want to see, and hear, and feel all of your reactions.” Castiel punctuates that by sitting back up and snapping his hips forward.
“I think it’s because I wasn’t in the right mental state. We’ve been less…intimate lately. I was worried it’s because you don’t want to be with me anymore.”
“You don’t need to make things so difficult, Dean.” Alastair rubs the leather tip of a crop down his back and over his ass, and that sends Dean’s panic shooting through the roof. He jerks in his bonds and begs Alastair to forgive him.
It annoys Dean a little that Castiel hadn’t been reduced to a puddle of post-orgasm bliss, but that just means he has to try harder to completely wreck Castiel next time. That’s okay; Dean likes a challenge.
Dean mumbles an agreement even as Castiel’s freezing cold feet entwine with his own, making him shiver.
“I don’t know if I’m okay with us doing more intense scenes when I can’t fully trust that you’ll safeword out if need be. And you just freaked out during a more intense punishment.”
“Straight flush,” Dean calls and lays his cards down to a collective groan from everyone around the table.
Castiel smirks. He steps into Dean’s space and leans down, resting a knee on either side of Dean’s legs and crowding onto the armchair with him. “So you really wouldn’t have accepted the laptop if I had bought it with my own money?”
It’s a struggle, but Dean manages to keep his eyes on Castiel, watching his face contort with pleasure as he fucks into Dean, still tight even after Castiel toyed with him for so long.
He makes sure to stay out of Tessa’s way as he’s not actually supposed to be behind the counter when he’s not working, but he didn’t want to clog up the line.
Alastair had never been one to lay out specific rules to begin with: he’d just punish Dean for whatever he felt like.
The series that I'm writing is set to be published sometime in January and I have an entire book and a half left to write, edit, and get finalized before then.
“Fine, but the clinic is our first stop tomorrow. Priorities go: clinic, groceries, then clothes.” Dean holds up a finger for each one.
Garth is a little strange. But strange in a good way. Dean can see them becoming fast friends. He’s glad to be getting along so well with Castiel’s friends, like he could actually be a part of their group, like he found a place where he fits.
“I won’t let you take advantage of Cas’s kindness. He sees someone in need and he lends a hand; he can’t help it, that’s just the kind of person he is.”
“Thank you,” Dean says when he’s finished eating. He’s both emotionally and physically exhausted and the granola bar sits like a stone in his stomach. All he wants to do is crawl into bed for a few days.
“You’re not going to try to get me hard; you’re just going to hold my dick in that pretty mouth of yours.”
Every time Dean’s body tenses Castiel pauses his ministrations until he relaxes again. After a few minutes, the cloth withdraws and Castiel tells him he’s going to apply the ointment. He waits for Dean’s nod of approval before dipping his fingers into the jar and gathering the cool substance on his fingers.
Castiel pulls him up on the couch and Dean immediately crowds into his space. “I don’t see why not. Just let me know if they become uncomfortable and I’ll take them off.”
Through the window, Dean watches the man walk down the street. He puts his phone to his ear and glances through the glass at Dean before he turns the corner out of sight.
They watch Netflix while they eat; a nature documentary at Castiel’s request. And Dean is surprised to find that it isn’t totally awful. He doesn’t even protest when one episode becomes four and then suddenly they’ve spent the entire evening watching Nature’s Weirdest Events.
Exactly twenty minutes later Dean stands in front of the door to Alastair’s apartment. He takes a deep breath and knocks twice.
Dean focuses his attention on that hand instead of meeting Castiel’s gaze and nods, cursing himself for being so weak. He closes his eyes tightly and wishes he could make up for failing his Dom and burdening Castiel with his problems.
Dean bites his lip. He knows now is the time to bring up the fact that Castiel has never once even come close to Dean’s limits. And that Dean wants more. “It’s actually the opposite.”
Part of Dean knows that Castiel is just concerned, and that part is glad to have someone actually care about his well-being, but another part of him, the part that’s currently winning, fuelled by alcohol and anxiety, is annoyed that Castiel is acting as if he has control over Dean. He’s a grown ass man and doesn’t need to be taken care of.
“At first I was undecided. I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life; I just knew I had to get a higher education. In my second year I settled on Philosophy, but changed it to Art History two months later when I realized that the jobs in that department haven’t been around since Aristotle, and changed it again after a professor went on an hour-long rant in one of the intro classes and I realized I didn’t want to end up like this bitter old man.
Dean’s hand speeds up in time with his panting breaths, his hips lifting off the bed as he works himself closer to orgasm. It isn’t going to take long. He can feel the pleasure building, his muscles tensing as it barrels towards him.
Dean focuses all of his being on Castiel after that. His body is being bombarded with so many different sensations that he can’t shut down like he normally does during these performances. He is painfully aware of everything happening to him as Alastair raises red welts over his back while the machine keeps driving into him.
“If you don’t come soon,” Dean says, stroking Castiel while he catches his breath, “the delivery guy is gonna walk in and see us. See me. On my knees. With your dick in my mouth.” He runs his mouth along the side of Castiel’s length as he speaks.
“Oh yeah? You like making men blush?” Dean almost regrets the words as they slip past his lips, but with five—or six?—beers in his system he can’t be bothered to give a shit.
They sit in relative silence after that, the music thumping through the club matching Dean’s heartbeat. He can feel the man’s eyes on him every so often and he itches to turn around. The man orders a second scotch and Dean finally does turn back to him.
Faint beams of sunlight stream through Dean’s thin curtains and he groans when the alarm clock says it’s only six in the morning, immediately wanting to crawl back into the warmth of his bed. Instead, he shuffles across the cold laminate floor of his apartment in search of his jacket. He finds it in a heap on the couch where he’d thrown it last night and digs the ointment out of the pocket before retreating to the bathroom.
Dean grumbles but detaches himself from Castiel to get the cheese, salsa, and a bowl of chili from the fridge. “Chili nachos,” he says excitedly and sets his items next to the bag of tortilla chips Castiel took from the cupboard.
“Watch it,” Castiel grumbles, but the smile on his face lets Dean know he’s not really offended by the comment.
“I can’t expect you to let me live here forever,” Dean barrels on, “And I want to be able to help out with bills and groceries and stuff—”
“Good.” Alastair runs a gentle hand through Dean’s hair. He sighs and leans into his Master’s touch, the praise sending pleasure and pride through him. He can be good for his Master. “Come on, then.”
“Yes, boss,” Dean says with a mock salute. He rides the wave of happiness for the duration of his shift until he and Tessa close and then all the way back to the apartment. He’s singing softly to himself as he steps through the door.
He pours himself a bowl of cereal and plops down on the couch in front of the TV, leaning forward at an uncomfortable angle so his back doesn’t rub against the rough fabric. He flips through channels until he lands on a re-run of Dr. Sexy.
“I don’t believe I saw face fucking on your list of limits,” Castiel says in a voice just a touch lower than his normal tone, but still much too composed for Dean’s liking, “If you don’t stop teasing we may be trying that one out sooner rather than later.”
Dean just wants this conversation to end. He doesn’t want to talk about Alastair with Castiel. And he certainly doesn’t want to have this conversation naked.
He can feel himself slide into Castiel’s throat and he can barely handle the tightness of it as Castiel swallows around him. Dean cries out in pleasure, his orgasm already threateningly close. He’s never been denied release like this. He’s frustrated, but he wants more at the same time. He would let Castiel continue this delicious torture for the rest of his life.
“Despite what my professors said, I saw myself running my own business. When I was growing up there was a second-hand bookstore down the road from my house that I went to nearly every day. I don’t know how that place managed to stay open because most days I was the only one there. Well, me and the owner, Harold, and his old rescue dog that would sleep in the patches of sun that came through the window.”
He wipes his hands on his apron and turns a bright smile towards the customer. “Mornin’! What can I get ya?”
Castiel licks over Dean’s nipple at the same time he grasps Dean’s leaking cock and Dean arches off the bed, pressing into the touch. He blows cool air over the tightening buds and Dean shivers.
Dean stands still as Castiel works, entranced by his skilled fingers as they slide over the ends of the rope and tie four more knots down Dean’s chest in even intervals.
They stand beside the Impala, regarding each other silently. Dean doesn’t want to say goodbye to Castiel yet, but he can’t think of a reason to drag this on longer. “Thanks for lunch, Cas. I had a great time,” Dean says lamely, rubbing a hand along the back of his neck.
“I—I’m sorry; I didn’t mean to upset you.” Castiel stares down at his lap. “I wasn’t thinking. I just want you to understand the importance of knowing each other’s limits. I don’t want to do anything to you that you don’t take pleasure in.”
Dean finishes off the drink with a stick of fresh cinnamon and tells Tessa to add it to his tab before carefully bringing the steaming cup back to his table.
As the movie starts Dean becomes painfully aware of the amount of space between him and Castiel. There’s nearly an entire couch cushion separating them, but he can feel every shift the body next to his makes, smell the sweet scent of his deodorant when he leans forward for another handful of popcorn, hear the crunch as he chews. He’s barely paying attention to the movie at all; he’s too focused on Castiel.
“I can help you,” Castiel says, voice soothing. It’s the opposite of what Dean wants right now. “All you have to do is tell me what it is you need.”
He feels high as Castiel licks into his mouth. He tastes like peanut butter and beer and any other time that combination would probably disgust Dean, but right now he can’t get enough.
Dean scoots closer until Castiel’s thighs brush against his sides, sighing at the contact. He feels safer already.
Dean shakes his head. He’s pulling on the cuffs, metal cutting into his skin as he tries to get away from the shock of pain.
He’s glad he asked Castiel if they could get flour and baking powder and pretty much everything else in the baking aisle while they were grocery shopping earlier. Now the kitchen is stocked with everything he needs to make whatever he wants.
Most of the things on the list Dean is okay with, but he does mark down any and all sharing as a hard limit. Alastair used to love letting his friends use Dean because he knew how much Dean hated it and of course afterwards he would kick everyone out and punish Dean for being such a greedy little cockslut.
The man waves his hands in the air dramatically as he talks, and a minute later he’s shoving his phone back into the pocket of his jeans. He wipes a hand over his face and starts walking down the hall. In Castiel’s direction.
Looking up through his lashes at Castiel, Dean opens his mouth wider and sticks out his tongue to brush against the tip.
He imagines it like the movies, being caught off guard by a van screeching to a stop on the side of some empty street, being thrown into the back and hog-tied before he’s whisked off to an unknown location, never to be seen again. He’s clearly been spending too much time in front of the TV, but Dean’s fear of Alastair keeps him frozen on the spot, staring at the closed door.
Alastair nods his head and Dean feels himself being breached. There’s no lube and the spit from the man rimming him isn’t enough. He screams until it peters out into sobs that shake his entire body in its bonds and he’s pretty sure he’s hyperventilating as he cries out, “Cas,” in the most broken-sounding voice he’s heard in his life, but he can’t bring himself to give a damn.
Dean’s been awake for the past hour now though and he’d slept nearly to noon. His stomach is grumbling angrily at him to get some food, but for the past five minutes he’s just stood staring at the wood grain of the door of his temporary room.
Spit gathers and seeps out the corners of his mouth at a steady pace, soaking into the couch cushion below, but Dean is far beyond caring. He rests his head against the inside of Castiel’s thigh and wraps his bound hands around Castiel’s ankle, ready to tap out if he needs to. Though he can’t think of anywhere else in the world he’d rather be than here, servicing Castiel.
It’s simple, just a thick strip of brown leather with a D-ring on the front to clip a leash onto and a buckle at the back, both gold and shiny. Dean bites his lip, wondering what it will feel like around his neck.
Once Dean stops sniffling Castiel makes him drink some of the juice, continuing to hold him close until lucidity has returned to Dean.
The man studies Dean as he waits for his latte. Dean tries to ignore him, a little weirded out by how closely he’s being watched.  When he turns his back Dean can still feel the man’s eyes on him.
Castiel acquiesces and instead runs his hands up and down Dean’s back, careful of the still-healing whip marks scattered there. The salve seems to have worked because he feels along one of the worse gashes and sighs when he finds only a thin, raised scab.
That’s still too long. Dean knows he’s going to be stressing about it until he actually gets the results in his hands. “Well, still,” he grumbles as they reach Castiel’s gas-efficient hybrid that Sam would no doubt drool over if he ever laid eyes on it.
The buzzer sounds when Dean’s head is in the oven, checking on the bread, and he nearly burns his scalp when he jumps.
It feels like his hole is gaping after Castiel opened him up for so long and Dean shifts uncomfortably, aware of Castiel still kneeling behind him.
“Are you all right?” Castiel reaches out a hand to steady him but pauses just short of touching Dean, unsure.
The man’s eyes widen a fraction at Dean’s comment but then his expression darkens and he replies, “Immensely.”
“I made breakfast.” Castiel glances at the clock on the stove and frowns. “But that was a few hours ago. The food’s probably no good now. I can make something else, if you like? I have bagels, eggs, uh, some leftover chili, I could make nachos, or…”
Dean follows Alastair into the bedroom and his gut wrenches when he sees the restraints hanging from the bed. He’s not sure he can handle an intense scene today, but he still obeys his Master when he’s ordered to lie on his stomach. Hesitation and disobedience mean punishment. Alastair climbs on the bed after him, securing each wrist to the headboard by cold metal handcuffs.
Dean rushes to help Tessa with the long line of customers. “I’m so sorry,” he says as he ties on his apron, “I lost track of time.”
Dean considers disobeying again because Castiel is still being gentle with him, but he pulls his shirt over his head, just wanting to get things moving already.
It doesn’t take long for Dean’s mood to sour. It’s past noon and he’s hit every place on the list he made. He’s sure that he won’t be getting any calls for interviews. Everywhere within walking distance of Castiel’s apartment is too snooty to even consider hiring someone like Dean. Another day down the drain.
“I’ve got a bitch of a headache from this hangover,” Alastair grumbles, popping a handful of pills into his mouth and washing them down with half a glass of whatever drink he just finished mixing. He sidles up to Dean and whispers in his ear, “I thought my little slut might be a good distraction today.”
His surroundings blur in and out of focus, and Dean thinks maybe he’s fading in and out of consciousness because one second he’s suspended by his arms, shoulders aching from the strain, and the next he’s lying against smooth leather.
“I—” He wants to know what Castiel was going to say, but tells himself it doesn’t matter; Castiel has to leave either way, and it’d probably be best to make it so he doesn’t want to see Dean again. He has to do it now, he knows, before he gets even more attached. Though even now he thinks it might be too difficult.
What the hell are you supposed to do when a good man hurts you, but you hurt him too? Cas pushed him away, but he also pushed Cas away, and he missed the bastard. He missed his smile, the way his eyes crinkled at the corners when he laughed at something stupid Dean said. He missed the way Cas almost made him feel like he was better than what he’d done. He missed the outline of his face when it was lit by the sunrise coming up over the hills beyond the cabin when they stopped there the first time, an image seared into his mind forever. He missed
Dean sat up in bed, gasping for air, tears he didn’t remember crying leaving stains down his cheeks. The voices from his nightmares rung in his ears to the point where he felt certain they still screamed at him.
As they approached, Dean remembered that as much as he wanted to, he couldn’t just ride off and look for information. He and Cas were, in theory, a team, after all.
The sun sank ever lower in the sky, casting an array of beautiful pastel colors across the clouds. Considering Dean may find himself counting his sunsets pretty damn soon, this evening’s was certainly one that deserved a moment’s appreciation. He didn’t get to take that moment, however, since Jimmy turned his horse off the path and dismounted by a stream. “We’re camping here tonight,” was all he gave in the way of an explanation.
Barely dodging a hook aimed for the nose, Dean delivered a swift kick to Alistair’s stomach, sending him stumbling backwards. Alistair almost fell on his ass, but he didn’t, so Dean took advantage of his disoriented state to pepper his face and stomach with vigorous blows. His knuckles dripped with both of their blood and his vision blacked out occasionally.
Cas sent him a look that would have just about anyone else - including him, if he were any less annoyed or any more intelligent - quaking in their boots. “Of course
“It is what it is, right? The Angels are fucked up and there’s nothing I can do about it. Even if there was, I still owe them,” he chuckled darkly, turning his hands palm up.
Eventually, though, the tension slowly eased. Dean found himself bored out of his mind and struck up conversation with Benny, who seemed grateful for something to do. Cas kept his trap shut for the most part, chiming in only when Benny was ballsy enough to ask him a question directly, but by the end of the second day, much of the animosity Cas held for Benny seemed to fade.
“You’re right,” he rasped, using his little strength to shove Alistair’s knife into his neck. “So it’s a good thing I ain’t a hero.”
is exactly why I didn’t tell you. Because I knew you’d react like this and I didn’t want that, okay? I didn’t want you to get that same look most people do when they talk about the guy who is
Benny considered it for a moment, sipping absently at his drink before simply saying, “Then I’m in, cher.” And that was that.
“Where?” He looked around for a clearing or a stream but saw nothing. Then, “Is that a road?” Roads - not trails, which is what they’d kept to the past few days - meant towns and food and nice places to sleep.
“Oh but it’s just getting interesting. ‘Technically, I suppose, it wasn’t cheating because Dean was never mine in the first place. So why does it feel like betrayal?’ How sickeningly poetic. You love him, don’t you. Shame he doesn’t love you back, or he’d be here.” The hairs on the back of Dean’s neck rose at the sound of Alistair’s nasally ass voice, one he never thought he’d hear again. One he secretly
Turned out, between the three of them, they had just enough money for each to have a hotel room of their own, plus extra for food for the next few days. Cas checked them in, handing out room keys as he returned. As it so happened, Cas was right in the middle, with Dean at the far wall and Benny closest to the stairwell connecting the two stories. The choice must have been deliberate, Dean figured. It was smart on Cas’ part, he had to admit. It protected him from the Hellspawn and the Hellspawn from him. If they heard he was in town and decided to get revenge, they’d probably make a beeline for his room, ignoring Cas and Benny which would allow them to trap the demons at the end of the hall. Likewise, if Dean decided to go off alone, both Cas and Benny would be in a position to stop him fairly easily. Dean knew it was smart, but he was still a little annoyed that Cas even had to think of it in the first place. That he even
“No, you’re not,” Dean insisted, reaching out to cup Cas’ face and pulling away when he saw the gory mess his hand had become. “It’s me, isn’t it?”
“So, you give up on me? Figured you’d be too much of a coward to do anything,” Dean sneered. He didn’t mean it, of course, but Castiel seeming to choose the Angels after everything that had happened pissed him off. Castiel deserved better than all of that.
,” Sam calls as he walks through the door, a shit-eating grin on his face and grocery bags hanging from either hand. As much as Dean may hate his little brother - Sam’s getting the ass whooping of his life for this one, the little shit - he really does like the song.
“Ooh, Dean Winchester really found himself a girl that could put up with his obnoxious eating habits?! I don’t believe it,” Cassie teases, all in good fun, shoving his shoulder and giving him a genuine,
For Dean however… He knew full well the only reason Cas hated Benny still was because of how familiar he and Dean seemed, the looks they shot one another up ahead on the trail. Although, it was Cas’ fucking fault for being a jackass and not opening up to the idea of a new member of their little band of misfits - especially one who wouldn’t act like a piece of shit towards Dean - but there wasn’t a hell of a lot Dean could do about that. The damage had already been done.
of all things, with one of their former members? Unless, of course, you think the Hellspawn are still around,” Zachariah taunted, spitting blood.
An idea came to him in that moment. He knew full well it was the worst idea he’d had in his life, but he somehow convinced himself it was the best. Not only would it get Cas off his mind, it would hopefully piss Cas off enough that he’d get off Dean’s ass for a day or two. Hopefully. If all went the way he believed it would.
“Oh, fuck me,” he huffed, getting impatient. Castiel simply stared at him, resuming his ministrations. It wasn’t until his hands found their way to Dean’s thighs that Castiel breathed, “As you wish.”
“You like that,” Castiel observed, running his fingers over the sensitive nub. Dean let out a small moan. “A lot.”
Eventually, he sunk back into his seat, knees too weak to hold him up any longer. From drunkenness or malnutrition or sadness, he couldn’t tell. His best guess? All three. He told himself he wouldn’t go back here, that he wouldn’t become the same pitiful creature he was when Cas died last time but some things never change, do they?
responsible for the suffering of many, the deaths of hundreds. Among those were his mother. Cas. Everything he thought he knew about himself. And that, he believed, was perhaps the worst part. He already wanted to make him
He wanted to simply make sure Baby made it comfortably to the makeshift stables then go to sleep, but Cas guided his horse into a trot, passing him and bringing her to a stall. He tied her up and Dean watched from a distance. The same distance they’d maintained since the night he killed Zachariah. The night Cas was faced with the cold reality of who he was. Cas hadn’t looked him in the eye since that night, let alone come within a few feet of him. It
They carried on like that for a few minutes, Dean’s lips parting to make way for Jimmy’s tongue. The night was silent, save for their ragged panting as they broke apart to catch their breath. Jimmy stared at him with something akin to awe in his expression, and Dean had a feeling it was reflected on his own face. He tipped his head back to rest against the bricks, and Jimmy took it as an opportunity to kiss down his neck, muttering, “I’m gonna suck you off.” He didn’t though, and Dean realized he was waiting for the all clear. He moaned, hoping Jimmy would get the message.
while Sam sat there with the look on his face that he usually got when he wanted to write something down but he didn’t have a proper place to do so. “Well, now that you’re both back, can anyone else go for a burger? I’m starving.”
Dean reached out his hand and placed it on Cas’ shoulder, scooting closer until they were pressed side to side. “Cas, I- I’m so sorry.” Cas shrugged, and it moved Dean’s whole body. Funny, the power one man had over him.
As if on cue, Castiel opened the door, abruptly cutting off their conversation. “I’ve been sent to collect Dean Winchester. Michael wants to see him immediately,” he demanded, voice colder than it had been speaking to the other Angels. Dean’s stomach twisted at the thought of finally having to meet the Big Boss. Half of him believed he wouldn’t live to see anything else afterwards.
Glancing over his shoulder occasion, Dean sprinted through the underbrush, never once seeing Jimmy anywhere behind him, which he took as a good sign. Looked like the guy didn’t even
“I don’t think you have much of a choice, Mr. Winchester. When Michael wants something, he gets it. And he’s decided he wants to make a nice, loyal soldier out of you, whether he has to do it the easy way,” Zachariah said, leaning forward and folding his hands on his desk. “Or the hard way. So what’ll it be?”
really likes hearing Dean sing this song. Also because Sam and Cas are total nerds and cause so fucking much chaos whenever Dean lets them out of sight for more than five minutes. If you take a quick peek at the stage, you’ll see that Dean is already terrified of what might have happened as a result of a fifteen minute supply run). Once the music gets going and he makes it through the first verse, Dean finds himself letting go and getting lost in the rhythm of some good old fashioned rock’n’roll. Benny and Cassie laugh about
“You’re no fun, Castiel. But very well, you can have him,” Zachariah relented, tossing Dean a knowing smirk, and Castiel gave him a curt nod before grabbing Dean’s arm and manhandling him out of the room. As soon as the door was shut, Castiel looked around, and Dean figured he was trying to find another Angel to dump Dean on then run off. However, the corridor and, from the sound of it, the surrounding corridors sat empty.
, then dad got himself killed and I was all alone at nineteen with nothing to my name but three cents and this fucking necklace that used to be my mom’s good luck charm. I had to steal in order to eat. I had to fucking
Dean, at the ripe old age of fifteen, did promise. He swore he’d kill them with the Colt, and now it was time to make good on his word. Taking the time to line up a good shot - he only had one chance before he lost the element of surprise - Dean pulled the trigger and watched with no small amount of satisfaction as the bullet struck Azazel between the eyes, leaving him crumpling to the ground.
“Yes. On my signal.” Dean nodded and they hurried down the corridor, Dean drawing his pistol that he kept hidden in his boot. They reached the door, Dean shoved it open, Cas yelled, “Now!” And they were off.
The Hellspawn posted sentries along their route. Dean learned this when a guy ended up dead on the side of the road after he attacked him. His companion soon joined him. A shame, Dean thought, given that he could have made him spill the beans on the Hellspawn’s location.
The next few days passed slow as shit, to say the least. As far as Dean could tell, they were heading for New Mexico, but Jimmy had seemed to deliberately avoid any town they happened to pass if only so Dean
, had fallen into disrepair and entire wood planks were missing from stall doors. Admittedly, nothing too bad. The cabin itself was another matter. The front porch was missing a few beams, the railing had collapsed on itself entirely, and the front door hung from broken hinges. As he followed Castiel inside, Dean could see holes in the roof and a few more in the walls where bugs had gotten to them, but at least it didn’t look like it would collapse at any second. Fortunately, the bedroom was separate from the rest of the cabin, but Dean decided he could check it out later. The top priority was dinner, then sleep, since the sun would be going down in an hour or so anyway.
“Ooh, ouch. That one really hurt my feelings. You really do get creative when you’re mad,” he drawled sarcastically, slicing across Alistair’s abdomen, deep enough that he’d bleed out nice and slow, but not so much that his organs fell out. Shame. Those could have made nice decorations.
He walked up to the bar, Benny trailing just behind him, on his guard, eyes never leaving the spooked patrons. Because that’s what they were, Dean realized. Something had happened to scare them out of their fucking minds. A shiver ran down his spine.
Footsteps echoed in the dark, coming from what sounded like the saloon entrance. Dean couldn’t even focus enough to get on alert. The footsteps rounded the corner and lo and behold, it was the man from the bar. Dean almost sighed in relief before remembering he didn’t know jack shit about Blue Eyes. Hell, for all he knew, the guy could be here to rob him, too. Somehow, though, Dean didn’t think so.
know and it’s what got them into the argument in the first place. If he were to tell Benny, he’d be doing the right thing. Dean told himself as much, and it still felt wrong to say, “Well, buddy, I guess you owe me another round.”
“Dean-,” Sam began, but thought better of it. What could he say in response to that? Dean wanted to resent Sam for having nothing to say, but perhaps there
Castiel seemed to take that as a challenge, briefly pressing down on his wrists harder and barking at him the order, “Don’t move,” which had all of Dean’s blood rushing straight to his dick. Dean nodded slightly in an effort to appear as if he still had any composure whatsoever. Castiel licked and kissed and sucked his way down Dean’s chest and Dean, to his credit, managed to stay mostly still. All bets were off, however, when Castiel found his nipple.
“He fucking cheated! Scammed me out of a week’s pay! Does that sound like a fucking fair game to you?” the guy - whose name Dean never bothered to learn - yelled. Dean almost felt bad for the bartender. That is, he would’ve, until he headed over to where Dean and the hot stranger sat. He looked almost guilty. Or maybe he just didn’t want to lose the business.
but he knew he deserved it. Cas made that much crystal clear. Dean didn't deserve Cas because Cas was
Benny froze for a minute, looking back and forth between him and Cas, as if he thought Cas helped. Cas shook his head and jerked his chin at Dean as if to say,
is that supposed to mean?” he snapped at his brother. Sam just shot him a look that told him exactly what he meant. “We can save him, Sam, we
“Dean,” Castiel whispered, voice even lower than usual, breathing unsteady. Maybe he wouldn’t need to use the excuse at all. “What are you doing?”
he started to become it, just a little. He thought so, anyway. Although, he had a fairly difficult time sorting out what was real and what wasn’t. For all he knew, it could be the other way around and that sure as hell wasn’t a healthy way to think but what if it was
Once they had both tumbled over the edge, Castiel rolled over onto his back and Dean followed, cozying up against his chest and burying his face in Castiel’s neck. They just laid there for a moment, basking in the afterglow, stealing one another’s heat.
His opponent took a long sip from his beer and placed his cards on the table. Dean almost laughed when he saw the hand. Three fives and two kings. “Not bad, pal,” he said, laying down four nines, “But good game.” He grinned. Alright, maybe the night wouldn’t be one of his worst.
Men, thieves and traitors and tormentors, lurked in the shadows, hoping to be spared. Or, at the very least, to prolong their inevitable deaths. The doors flew open to reveal the silhouette of a man, a gun at his hip and a wicked dagger in each hand. Each step he took echoed through the room, but he could hardly hear it over the pounding in his ears, the white-hot rage blossoming in his chest. These were the people that took everything from him. And now they would pay.
Castiel didn’t tell him to stop, though. Instead, he replied with a simple, “No.” Then, grabbing Dean’s wrists, he flipped them over and pinned Dean’s hands above his head. Dean could almost feel the places the ropes used to be, where Castiel’s hands now rested, and he decided he liked this version of things a hell of a lot better. “I fucking hate you, Dean Winchester,” Castiel whispered in his ear in a way that suggested he was actually only probably mildly irritated at the moment, nipping at Dean’s earlobe and causing a shiver to run down his spine.
Dean looked up at Castiel, and Castiel smiled softly back at him. They sat like that, in the comfortable stillness, for a few minutes.
“No, she really doesn’t, brotha.” Benny shoots Cassie a wink that immediately tells Dean that a) he’s lost this argument already and b) Benny is
Cas - also just arriving, also deserving of an ass-kicking - finds an empty seat at the bar and kicks back, ready to watch the show (Currently, Sam is Cas’ best friend because Cas
They left the cabin early the next day. Neither of them got much sleep, too trapped in their own minds to truly rest. Dean knew he didn’t have any real reason to be pissed at Cas. He
there is anyone out there, I hope you got your listening ears on. My- my... friend, Cas he- he’s gone. A couple of people I used to ride with came and stole him right from under my nose and it- it’s all my fault, ‘cause, see, I pushed him away and I shouldn't... I shouldn’t have done that. He deserves so much better than this, than me, so just… if you-... Can you keep an eye on him for me? Can you jus- just make sure he stays alive until I can get there? I can do the rest but I need… I need him to be okay. I just want him to know I’m sorry.”
No. “No. No no no, you-“ He couldn’t finish. He couldn’t move. He couldn’t breathe. Cas just- Cas just died. Alistair just
to believe it. “You didn’t want to lose me, but how about now? If I left right now and you never saw me again, would you care?”
Everyone wants to know if the stories are true. So, are they? Did you really massacre the entirety of the Hellspawn?”
“No, you’re not in any trouble, Dean. Sit.” The stout guy with a large bald spot on top of his head gestured to the seat across the desk from him. Dean did sit, after debating for a minute as to whether or not he should play this guy’s games. The results were still inconclusive.
“Or something. He, uh, found something out that I’d decided he should have already known, and he was pissed about it. I think he’s also kinda scared of me, but that ain’t nothing new.”
Cas waited at the bar for Dean to arrive. In actuality, it was only minutes that passed, but it felt like years. Maybe it was the other way around. Cas hadn’t been there for long, but he could already tell that time doesn’t work the same here. He was right.
Castiel boxed him in with his knees and elbows, tantalizingly close but not quite there all at once. “Because you’re a dick,” Castiel murmured against his neck, pressing a kiss to the spot where his breath ghosted over Dean’s skin. “And rude,” another kiss, “And annoying,” another, “And you’re such a fucking
Bumping Cas’ shoulder with his own, Dean turned to Cas to ask, “Hey Cas? What’re we supposed to do with our wet clothes?”
“Amara and I have been discussing it, and we both agree that we should… how did you put it?” Jack fell silent for a moment, as if listening to something--someone--before continuing, “We should become separate manifestations again.”
At some point, he got up. He got up and he fetched Baby and he found a place to camp about a ten minute ride from town. Dean set up a fire, tied Baby to a tree nearby, and, making sure his clothes wouldn’t catch fire in his sleep, finally passed out.
Dean was near out of his mind when Castiel gripped his waist tight and flipped them over, helping Dean back into place. “Ride ‘em, cowboy,” he whispered, emphasizing it with a roll of his hips, and Dean’s mind truly went blank.
“Michael.” Dean shook Jimmy’s hand that he realized he was still holding. The tension between them grew, Jimmy’s hand still in his. He made the mistake of glancing at Jimmy’s mouth. He licked his lips. Jimmy did the same. They kept staring at one another. The minutes ticked on.
Cassie was like that. He met her years ago, stayed with her for a couple weeks. He wanted to stay longer. Hell, he wanted to stay forever, if she would have let him, but young love never lasts. He thought he got out, he thought his dad and his life were far behind him but you can’t escape a thing like that. In all his years on the road, it’s one of the few things he learned. His dad rolled into town and the truth about who he was got to Cassie and she told him to get the hell out and never come back. That she regretted ever shacking up with a fucking monster. She was right.
What with the impending chill brought forth by the evening, the incredibly distracting display of nudity actually didn’t last all that long. Soon enough, Dean found himself dressing quickly beside Cas. They worked swiftly to get a fire going, and huddled close beside it as soon as they were done. Dean stretched out his legs and Cas, in his semi conscious state, laid his head on Dean’s shoulder. Dean let him. They sat like that for a while before dozing off together, waking in the morning wrapped in one another’s arms.
He rapped on the wood a couple times, easily getting the bartender’s attention. “You seen a guy ‘round here? Uh, about yay high, blue eyes, dark hair, probably ordered a few rounds of your hardest liquor?” He prayed the bartender would say yes. He had a feeling he wouldn’t. Dean was afraid that whatever happened there had something to do with Cas.
Cas sighed, shifting around a bit to lean back on his hands. The firelight danced across his jaw. “I don’t know. I think so. I just… I don’t miss it. Doing what we - Angels - do.”
that, but it didn’t stop him from lashing out at any opportunity regardless. Besides, Cas did the same thing to him.
nothing to say. His failure to keep his- his best friend alive spoke volumes more than he himself ever could.
Alistair considered it. He looked at Dean, then at what used to be Cas, then back to Dean’s grief stricken face. Alistair laughed. “You love him.” It wasn’t quite a question. “He loved you too, you know. Died loving you, thinking you didn’t love him back. How tragic. Very
Cas kept his promise. No matter how much shit Dean gave him over the next few days, he stayed. He didn’t understand how Cas could do it. How Cas put up with him, after, well, everything. Dean knew himself: when he feared fucking things up with someone, he pushed them away before he could do any real damage. So either he was slacking, or Cas was even dumber than Dean thought. Either way, he knew it wouldn’t end well for either of them.
or whatever hippie bullshit he was on about. He left, and Dean learned the hard way that most people don’t come back if you ask them. Typically they don’t come back at all.
“Word ‘round the block is that this is where the party is. Thought I’d come see for myself if it was true,” she grins, stepping fully into the light as Dean leaves his post to pull her in for a hug. “I missed you, Dean.”
Glancing down at his wrists, Dean asked, “Why do you trust me?” He hoped Castiel understood he meant more than just about the rope.
like that!” Dean yelled, backing away and debating grabbing his crap and leaving before shit got any fucking worse.
Eventually, Dean realized he’d been staring. The guy just looked back at him, entirely unfazed. “Uh,” Dean said eloquently. “Can I help you?” Blue Eyes just looked him up and down, unimpressed, but it lit Dean’s gut on fire nonetheless. Hot Stuff drummed his fingers on the counter, smirking slightly and sending him a look with one eyebrow slightly raised which left Dean beyond real coherent thought. Then the guy had the audacity to turn away, meaning Dean couldn’t see his pretty face anymore. Fucker. “Alright then,” Dean muttered, taking a pointed sit from his glass in a feeble attempt at maintaining his rapidly crumbling resolve to not make a move. Before he could do anything else, however, he saw the guy he played earlier speaking with the bartender and pointing furiously over at him.
Dean ordered two whiskeys, hoping Cas had a high enough tolerance to down one without too much trouble and still be able to interrogate the saloon’s patrons. The second whiskey went untouched as they scoped out the room. Dean downed his glass in one gulp and they wordlessly set off in separate directions. He found himself at a table in the corner and he patiently observed the game of cards they had going, waiting until it finished to ask, “Any of you heard of the Hellspawn?” to which he got a chorus of affirmations, only for none of them to actually know anything of their whereabouts.
As Castiel freed first one hand, then the other, Dean rubbed at his wrists where the rope left marks and muttered, “Yes, sir.” Castiel glared up at him, then went back to slicing bread so fast it almost gave Dean whiplash. So he rolled his eyes and opened the beans with Castiel’s knife that he stole from the counter, trying to process whatever the hell just happened. They worked in comfortable silence, the sounds of a knife on stale bread filling the air.
” Dean hissed, realizing he’d come too close to telling the whole truth - why the fuck did he care what Castiel thought? - and trying to backtrack, “It means they disbanded. I left and there might be a couple still out there but the rest of them are… They disbanded.”
Kicking Dean’s feet as he did so, Cas sat on his bedroll a couple feet away. “Asshole,” Dean mumbled, and he could have sworn he saw the corner of Cas’ mouth twitch up into a smile. Or it could have just been the firelight. Neither of them spoke, deliberately watching the fire while secretly watching each other. Dean wanted to ask
Watching a sunrise? But there he was. And there Dean was, coming up beside him to enjoy the view as well.
He froze for a moment, though, still just staring at Dean with that piercing blue gaze, and Dean realized he was waiting for
want to unpack then, or ever. Then Cas smiled sadly and it felt as if the whole world stood still. “I’ll think about it.”
Zachariah reached their little camp, and the instant he dismounted he found himself with a bullet in each knee. He crumpled to the ground and Dean stalked over to him, punching his face by way of greeting. “Are there any others?”
And he did. He swore off bar fights and big robberies after his last time in Hell, too scared to let out the part of him that he kept in a cage for the safety of him and everyone around him. Because if he didn’t, well... There was a reason he climbed up the Hellspawn ranks so quickly. So after he left the demons, and tried his best to leave that legacy behind, he put that part of him back in its suffocating cage. It screamed and howled but he told himself it was for the better. Then he met Cas and all his self control snapped, and the cage along with it. Dean wanted to protect Cas, to make sure nothing bad ever happened to him again, and that was that. Dean wanted to keep Cas safe, and Zachariah hurt Cas, therefore Dean would hurt Zachariah until Zachariah could never hurt Cas again.
This, though, with Castiel? Something in the way they worked alongside one another in harmony, moving gracefully around each other as they set up a table as if they’d been doing it for years reminded him of his time with Cassie. It reminded him of home. He longed for it, he
Benny huffed and crossed his arms. “Yeah, and he’s been doin’ it all day. Maybe he’s actually got something by now. We should check in. Except something tells me this has nothing to do with Cas being there already.”
to ruin me until I had no choice but to join them and taint my soul with innocent fucking blood. So what the
“I wouldn’t know. You seem to love hearing yourself talk, yet you haven’t said anything useful,” Dean snapped, impatient. If he were being completely honest, he just wanted to get everything over with, no matter where it got him. Patience was hardly one of his virtues. At least, when it comes to absolute dicks.
“When we get into town, you can do whatever the hell you want, but I’m gonna stop by the saloon,” he informed Cas.
what he told you. Now I understand why you haven’t had the sense to ditch that monster. Not a lie, though, I suppose. I mean, it’s very hard to run an organization when all your members were slaughtered by none other than Dean Winchester himself.” A white hot rage blinded him, and Dean’s only thought as he shoved the blade into Zachariah’s throat was,
“Hello, Sam. Dean. It’s good to see you again,” Amara smiled, her heels clacking on the floor as she walked over to give each of them a hug. “Man, I’ve missed having my own manifestation. Not that I didn’t enjoy your company, Jack, it’s just-”
But maybe he did, Dean supposed. Cas didn’t know at first, and then they got to know one another more or less, and Dean convinced him to give up his entire life for just one guy, and even in all the secrets they told one another, Dean simply didn’t share that one. He coveted it.
“I-I uh, heard they headed north, but that’s all I know, I swear,” he croaked. “P-please don’t kill me.”
Dean ran a finger over the red skin on his arm where the rope had rubbed it raw and wondered why Castiel did decide to let him free, if only for the night. What had he done to earn that trust? That faith? What had he done to earn any of it?
Not once before had Dean ever prayed. Not once. But, desperate times call for desperate measures, and he figured it couldn’t possibly hurt to take a shot at faith. Dad told him, once, that his mom had faith. Dad said Sam took after her a lot, in that they both believed there was something out there. Something
They messed around in the stream for a little while longer, savoring the feel of cool water on their skin in the middle of one of the hottest days of the trip. That is, until Dean pointed out the obvious.
“Well, I suppose I’ll start from the beginning,” Amara sighed. “Technically, my brother was never God.”
He stumbled after them, falling to his knees in the middle of the room. In the middle of a puddle of blood and bodies. They were warm. If he didn’t know what it was or how it got there, it would have felt nice, the warmth. He knelt there, in the middle of what was once a throne room, taking in all the carnage he’d wrought upon a collapsed empire, led to the brink of extinction by his hand alone. He knelt in the middle of a kingdom brought to its knees and thought they had a lot in common, he and the kingdom. They would both meet an end of his doing. Once Azazel and Alistair were dead.
“Cas? Cas I- I know you can’t hear me. That no matter where you are, it’s too late. I shouldn’t… I shouldn’t have left you that night. I should have stayed with you. You- I’d like to call you my best friend but I- I left. ‘Cause it was easier than admitting I was wrong,” Dean whispered. If he had faith like Cas used to, he could pretend he was praying. But he didn’t. So he wrapped his arms around Cas’ lifeless body and held him tight, as if it would save them both. “I don’t know why I get like that, why I get so angry, but it- it’s just always been there. And when things get bad, i- it comes out and I can’t… I can’t stop it. God, I wish I could but- but I can’t and then people get hurt. And the- the people I… the people I love, they get killed. And now- now we’re here. I’m sorry, Cas. I am. I am so sorry. For all of it. For... me.
manage to take down one of the most powerful and ruthless gangs in the West? How does one man trump an entire
He’d forgotten. He’d forgotten, in the heat of the moment, that Cas didn’t know this about him. He knew that he used to be a Hellspawn, but Dean figured he must have never really put much thought into what that entailed. Into the perpetual gore that used to live on Dean’s hands and the blood that caked under his fingernails. Cas must have never realized the key difference between him and Dean used to revel in the bloodshed. He’d forgotten.  “Shit, Cas, I-”
Who he was. After his mom, Dean wasn’t exactly the most innocent, perfect soul, but he did what he had to in order to survive and keep Sam happy, nothing more. Joining the Hellspawn was more of the same in that area. It was join, or leave Sam hanging. But from there, Alistair himself carved him into something that did
As much as his ego stung, Dean couldn’t help but be relieved. If Jimmy thought he was useless, it meant he didn’t know the whole story. Stupid son of a bitch probably thought he just left the Hellspawn of his own volition. Peacefully. If only that were the truth. Dean didn’t regret a thing except for the fact he was forced to leave a couple alive, but he still hated to think about it. Sometimes, in his nightmares he saw them and
“You’re taking this kinda well,” Dean offered. He glanced briefly at Cas. Cas glared back. “If you don’t wanna stay, that’s cool, but if you do, you best not act all weird. Like, I’m still just a guy, okay? Don’t be scared of me and then wind up with one foot out the door. Either you’re in, or you’re out.” Dean didn’t know if he was speaking only to Benny at that point. Cas sure didn’t seem to think so.
Awesome. Dean had to take the brunt of the inevitable conversation alone. “Well then. Er, whiskey?” Dean nodded, and Benny signaled to the bartender to bring over two more rounds.
He changed course, running past her and into the trees where Jimmy would have a hard time following on horseback, and, given that Dean had a solid head start, Jimmy probably wouldn’t be able to catch up on foot. Dean’d just have to go back for Baby later.
“Words hurt, you know,” Dean hissed, swinging at Zachariah’s nose. He’d already forgotten Cas’ request in his fury. “He’s not one of you winged dicks anymore.”
She takes the tray from him and shoves him toward the now- empty stage. “Go. Have fun, kiddo,” she grins.
“No, it’s not fucking alright, I-” he cut himself off, trying to make the point they’d probably both been thinking of. “You know what, Benny? I think… I think we should, y’know, go our separate ways. Just for a little bit, until I’ve gone and got Cas. I don’t… This is how I was. When I- When everything with the demons happened. I couldn’t stop myself, didn’t bother paying attention to who got in my way and it was fine then because they were all bad people but- I don’t want to accidentally hurt you because I can’t control myself. After this is all over, we can meet back up, go after whoever’s left, all that. But for now…”
“Dean, Dean, Dean, there’s no need to be so rude. I’m simply making small talk.” Dean hummed sarcastically in disagreement. “You’re
him. Alistair killed Cas. He killed his Castiel. Alistair killed him and he was sitting right there and Dean could just return the favor because he was sitting right there and he killed Cas. He deserved to die for that. The world deserved to die for failing to keep Cas alive.
Eventually, after quite a few more rounds, they came to the decision to head out sooner than later, since Benny claimed the town they needed to reach was only a couple days’ ride and considerably larger than the one they found themselves in. With newly replenished supplies and heightened spirits, the three set off with tension still hanging heavy in the air.
“Yeah. I told a couple of my cousins and let’s just say it didn’t go over so well.” Gunshots rang out from behind them, granting meaning to Cas’ words. They sprinted for the stables, Dean swinging open the stall door and mounting Baby as swiftly as he had a million times before, snagging her reins from where they hung on the wall as she galloped out of the stable. Fortunately, Cas was close behind. Trying and miraculously succeeding to put her reins on as he rode, Dean urged Baby faster and faster across the open expanse, Cas and his horse on their heels. He turned and fired off a couple shots, hitting maybe a couple Angels but - unfortunately, in his opinion - not doing much damage. As the sun began to sink in the sky, they rode and rode, even long after gunfire could no longer be heard and the headquarters were well out of sight.
“Oh, you know you love us,” Cassie laughs, hip-checking him only to have to help catch an empty beer bottle she knocked from his tray. It’s true, he does love them, even though they can be such asses sometimes. Like now.
Not like Sam cared either way. He said as much before leaving for the West. He and Dean had been talking about it for a while, and Dean knew it was best for Sammy to let him go off, get an education, go be someone. He knew it was best to get Sam as far away from their dad as possible. So outwardly, he agreed. He even offered to help pay for the kid’s schooling, should he decide he still wanted to go down that path. But there was always the selfish part of him that didn’t want Sam to go. He didn’t want to be left alone, and certainly not with his dad. But Sammy needed this, he
When Dean woke, Cas was gone. He panicked for a moment, scrambling out of bed and throwing on the first pair of pants he could find - which turned out to belong to Cas. He ran into the kitchen, then stopped when Cas wasn't there either. Yeah, Cas wasn’t there. So? Why the hell did he care so much? They slept together once - twice if you count that time in the alley - but that’s it. Cas was holding him prisoner to take to
“You keep going on about how you couldn’t leave the Hellspawn, yet you wouldn’t even be here if you didn’t. So what the hell is up with that?” Cas demanded.
get to stay with Cas. He was wrong, however, about his presence being a fluke. For as much as he believed himself to deserve the flames of Hell, Dean Winchester was sent to Heaven upon his death. Not on accident or because he cheated the game, but because he well and truly deserved paradise with his beloved. (If he has any problems with that, he knows exactly where to take them: the man writing his story. He has, in fact, taken them up with the author, and let me tell you, he wasn’t nice about it either. But he’s learning to accept his place here and I’m proud of him. But it’s not all thanks to me.)
“Yeah, something like that,” Dean smiles back. “Hey, Cas! Babe, come over here, there’s someone I want you to meet.”
As it was, tears welled in the corners of his eyes and threatened to spill over. They’d lost everyone.
They went about planning what they were going to do once they found the Hellspawn. Cas shot Benny the occasional withering look and Dean eventually realized he was jealous. Yeah, maybe Dean had shown Benny the same attention he once gave Cas, but that was a bridge they’d
“Yeah.” Then, “I’m sorry, Cas. For what it’s worth, I don’t think you’re a self righteous dick. Not like them, anyway. You’re nothing like them.”
Without Zachariah’s annoying voice to fill the space, the woods sat silent. It was almost as if the world was holding its breath. The dam came tumbling down when Cas asked, voice carefully even, “Is that true?” Dean’s silence was answer enough. “Let’s get going. Leave the body; no one will come looking for him or us if they haven’t by now.” Without another word, Cas mounted his horse and rode off, not bothering to wait for Dean and Baby to catch up. Dean couldn’t help but think of the early days of their relationship, when they hardly spoke a word a day and he didn’t even know Cas’ name.
Withdrawing the knife from where it was lodged in Alistair’s throat, Dean shoved his former mentor’s corpse aside and crawled over to Cas, his hand clutching his abdomen. It hurt, it hurt like a son of a bitch, but nothing could compare to the pain of losing Cas. Not now that it hit him in full force. He wished he didn’t know how to measure that pain. Not from experience.
of loyal soldiers, if Castiel is anything to go by,” Dean replied coolly, trying to hide how much it stung to know that was true.
A nasally laugh rang from the other end of the chamber, and the Righteous Man threw a blade in its direction. The sound of metal piercing flesh told him he hit his target. Taking a candle from one of the tables tucked against the wall, he carried it over to the man pinned to the wall by his shoulder. “Alistair,” the Righteous man grinned, “I’m going to take you apart nice and slow, and then I’m going to roast you extra crispy for Azazel to find. Give him a taste of his own medicine. Rather nice, don’t you think?”
He woke, in the middle of the night. The fire was only embers. He felt Cas’ eyes and pretended to be asleep a little longer. He didn’t know why, but he was scared of facing what lay ahead. Dean peeked open an eye, keeping his face carefully blank. Cas stared at him, looking for all the world as if he’d lost everything. A tear slipped down his cheek. Dean willed himself not to let his emotions echo the sentiment.
As they settled down for the night in a rocky outcropping on the mountain they’d spent the better part of a day crossing, Dean could nearly feel the somber mood in the air. Cas’ expression remained grim as they ate and laid down to sleep, the wind whistling as it blew across the rocks beyond them.
“Yeah, you know anything?” Dean turned to get a real look at the guy and almost immediately got stuck on his eyes. They reminded him a lot of Cas’ eyes, and he couldn’t help but long for the one person he’d grown to trust in the past few years. The way Cas couldn’t even look him in the face anymore left Dean to believe he may never see Cas’ beautiful eyes again. Guy had a nice face, too, he supposed. But the eyes drew him in, left him wanting to fill a hole that would never seem to close.
“I had a brother,” Cas began, not quite answering the question, but Dean let him continue, grateful to hear about Cas, for once. Because it was good to get to know his enemy. Except Cas was his friend. He didn’t know when he started thinking of him as one, but he did, somewhere along the line. And that was that. “His name was Gabriel,” Cas continued, snapping Dean out of his head. “He half raised me since my mom died in childbirth and my dad, well, he up and left when I was young. Gabriel was old enough to take care of us both and he did, for a little while. Then a couple years later our extremely Catholic aunt and uncle took us in, raised us in the church. Think my dad used to take us to church, too. Either way, they raised us to believe in God and have faith and pray. They were Angels, at the time, so Gabe and I were raised Angels, too. He didn’t like it one bit. Said God was a load of crap.”
Too busy making sure Cas was still breathing to pay enough attention to Alistair, Dean didn’t notice the hand shoving his dagger off Alistair’s throat. Nor did he notice the knife slice open Cas’ until it was too late. No.
Dean considered Benny’s offer for a moment, then sighed. What the hell, right? He decided to ‘fess up. It was rough, he had to admit, reliving everything that had happened, including the whole part with the Hellspawn, but he made it through. Leaving out some of the more… personal parts, of course.
“Yeah,” Dean breathed. Wordlessly, they rose from where they’d been sitting on Dean’s bed and walked the couple blocks to the saloon. When they arrived, it was nearly silent. The occasional whisper or rustle of clothing broke the stillness, but considering the number of people in the room, Dean should have hardly been able to hear himself think.
been to Hell. Reminding himself that he didn’t care, Dean shoved Jimmy away from him, and shuffled petulantly into the woods, stopping when he thought he was blocked from view by the trees. Struggling to undo his pants on account of his hands being tied together, he glanced back over at their camp only to find Jimmy watching closely. Not him, specifically; he didn’t think Jimmy could see
“Dean, just… just stop. Please. I’m sorry,” Cas said, apparently louder than he’d intended as Zachariah caught wind that something was wrong.
in Hell. He sat up and reached for his flask, taking a long pull before screwing on the cap and tossing it back into the dirt. “Shit,” he muttered to himself.
By the time Dean finished hanging up his clothes, Cas had already followed suit except… except the fucker thought it would be a great idea to try and one up Dean. So there was Cas, naked as the day he was born, hanging up his clothes on a nigher branch of a tree, his muscles flexing as he strained to reach and fuck maybe this
On karaoke nights, people pack themselves into nearly every inch of the place, all talking over one another but still not quite loud enough to be heard over whoever belts out a drunken one-hit-wonder into the air, voice amplified by the design of the room. Despite how guilty he feels every time, Dean’s forced to call in a couple extra hands to help manage the sheer size of the crowd - he can’t wait twenty packed tables on his own. Not easily anyway. Not even in Heaven. Especially not when someone, usually Benny, talks him into having a few beers himself just to turn around and make him go sing something onstage. It doesn’t happen very often, but he’s grateful for whoever covers for him when it does. Tonight, it’s Cassie.
“What do you mean he was never God?” Dean asked, finally awake enough to try and process whatever just happened.
Benny, who was still there for some fucking reason, flinched. He cautiously approached Dean, hesitating with every step. Dean could see it. He could see each muscle tense and relax and tense as it moved, each one capable of lashing out and hitting him. Dean could
But he wasn’t sleeping, and he had more pressing matters to worry about. So he shoved the memory aside as best as he could, and resumed pulling at the ropes around his wrists.
to take from others - for the first time in his life, to be selfish - especially when it was those who took from him on his rack. It was fucking bliss.
“Tell me to stop,” Dean pleaded, but God, how he hoped Castiel wouldn’t. Because if he was told to, he would stop. But shit if he didn’t want to.
Dean dug his fingernails into his palm. Closing his fist tight and squeezing his other hand around it, he savored the pain. It served as a welcome distraction from the tears streaming down his face.
“After all that, you don’t owe them shit. You’d be doing yourself a favor if you just leave. Find a place of your own.”
Dean cringes a little at the mention of whips, the wounds on his back still healing, but doesn’t say anything.
“Were you planning on telling me that you enjoy being spanked a little too much for it to register as a punishment?”
Dean just lifts the covers, beckoning Castiel who quickly climbs into bed next to him. He hums happily and wraps an arm around Castiel’s hip, pulling him close.
DEAN: Rigatoni Calabrese from that place downtown that you never feel like ordering from. But I got too much food and now I’m stuffed. You’re gonna find me still stuck to the couch when you get home.
Castiel is staring at him with wide eyes, his mouth slightly agape before Dean’s words fully sink in and he’s breaking into a wide smile. But Dean still has business he needs to deal with before he can take part in Castiel’s excitement.
“I have to be awake in less than five hours, you just said so yourself,” Castiel says as he bats Dean’s hand away.
“Okay, ‘Impala’ will be our safeword. If either you or I say it the scene stops immediately, okay? Use it if you need to.” Castiel turns from the closet holding a length of rope that he tosses onto the bed. “You’re wearing far too much, don’t you think?”
When Alastair withdraws Dean coughs and come falls from his lips onto the dark leather of the bench. He groans but puts up no resistance as he’s manhandled and forced to sit up, every muscle in his body protesting, and then Alastair scoops up the come-spit mixture Dean coughed up and uses it to jerk Dean off. He shifts to change the settings of the dildo until it’s on the highest speed, the loud whirring of the machine filling Dean’s ears and drowning out the noise of the club and the crowd.
Dean sends another photo, a close-up of the head of his cock leaking precome, some of it smeared on his fingers, making them shine in the dim light of the bedroom.
“I have to leave early for work tomorrow.” Castiel leans down to kiss Dean, a barely-there brushing of their lips that leaves Dean wanting more. “Good night, Dean.”
The lights are set low and intimate, casting a glow around Castiel that brightens his eyes and makes Dean’s breath catch. He’s not sure he’s seen eyes so wonderfully intense as Castiel’s; it shocks him every time.
They hustle out of the room and down the hall. Castiel doesn’t hesitate, just pushes the door open and they’re embraced by the frigid night air, the alarm sounding loudly behind them, alerting Alastair and everyone else in the club of their escape.  They rush down the alleyway at the side of the building and out to the parking lot, slipping into Castiel’s car and speeding away from the club.
It doesn’t take long for saliva to start building up and he swallows around the thickness in his mouth.
Teeth and tongue scrape over Dean’s nipple one last time before Castiel moves his assault lower, dragging his mouth down Dean’s stomach. He picks up the speed of his hand the lower he moves until his fist is flying over Dean’s aching dick in a flurry of motion, using the precome leaking from the tip to slick the way.
“And?” Dean prompts. He wants to hear Castiel say it. He’s going to savour bashful Cas as long as he can.
He feels physically sick as he washes his body in the shower, thoroughly scrubbing over the scrapes and bruises that mar his skin. The steady stream of hot water washes away the suds Dean had spread across his body, over all the darkly coloured marks.
Castiel nods. “They have a cupboard behind the bar stocked with snacks and juices and ointments for after scenes. It’s the one saving grace of this place.”
The kettle has just finished boiling when Castiel appears hovering at the threshold of the kitchen. His pants are done up, but his shirt remains wrinkled and untucked.
He closes the bathroom door gently behind him and retreats to his room to dig out some clothes for Dean. He rummages through his drawers and settles on a soft t-shirt and a pair of dark sweatpants.
“I think our relationship has been a lot more than that. Plus, I don’t mind being your knight in shining armor.”
Dean obeys, holding up his right hand for Castiel. A cuff wraps around his wrist and Castiel secures it tightly, checking to make sure he can still slip a finger between the supple leather and Dean’s skin. When he’s satisfied, Castiel holds out his hand expectantly and Dean lifts his left wrist so the process can be repeated.
Meg opens her mouth to say something, but she gets cut off by a loud squeal from the kitchen as Hannah and Castiel make their way back out to the table with more margaritas and a bowl of pretzels. Garth and Bess rejoin the group as well and Dean deals the next round of cards. He loses the next three hands, too caught up in his own head to focus on the game.
Dean opens his mouth to deny that he would ever do that, but maybe it would be better if he didn’t drag Castiel into his life. Castiel is already way too invested in him and they had only known each other a few days. Letting him continue down this path, stringing him along, would just be cruel. Dean knows it would be better to let Castiel go now before anyone gets truly hurt.
He’s living with Castiel but they haven’t seen each other in days. Maybe Castiel is avoiding him, Dean thinks. His moving in wasn’t exactly planned. Maybe Castiel regrets letting Dean stay with him.
The next blow comes right on the tail end of the first, not giving Dean any time to adjust. He groans, pushing back into it, seeking more. And Castiel doesn’t disappoint.
Castiel smirks at him from across the car. “I’m going to have to find some way to distract you to keep your mind off of it.”
Dean’s eyes flick to Castiel’s lips as he leans closer, wanting nothing more than to close the distance between them and taste the scotch on Castiel’s tongue. He’s already told Castiel that he has a Dom and that nothing can happen between them, but Dean wishes he was free to make his own decisions. He’s only known Castiel for a short time but he feels like there’s something between them, something he wants to explore. He
When he was young, Dean used to take whatever spending money he had to second-hand stores and rifle through the endless shelves of old movies. If he had any money left over he’d stop on his way home to get snacks for him and Sam to binge on while they watched Dean’s newest find.
With a warm plate of Chinese food in front of him and Castiel’s leg brushing against his back, Dean lets everything else just slip away. Maybe his relationship with Castiel won’t be as temporary as he first assumed.
Dean’s grateful, he is, but he can’t even leave the apartment because Alastair might find him, and staying inside with nothing to do is driving him insane. At least before Dean still had the freedom to go to the grocery store.
He just needs Castiel to take him, stake his claim on his body and erase the taint of all the other people who have laid their hands on him or even so much as looked at him.
They’re making dinner together, Castiel chopping vegetables and Dean sautéing ground beef and onions on the stove when he finally snaps.
Dean stays silent as Castiel collects his coat from the closet and leaves, the door sounding like a gunshot as it clicks shut with finality. He collapses on the couch and falls asleep hours later with tear-stained cheeks.
“Almost. There’s just one more place we need to go.” Castiel leads him down a few storefronts. “Do you remember the first night we met?”
“It’s a nice change,” Castiel says after a moment, “coming home to someone.” Dean feels a warmth settle over him at the comment. “What did you do all day?”
Dean’s off his game tonight, and he knows he’ll be punished for it later, in private where Alastair can really let loose. Alastair is always happy to take the extra time to make sure his lessons stick.
Dean nods. “And the program had a great placement, too, so I actually got hands-on experience.” He slathers an obnoxious amount of sauce over the last deep fried pickle and nibbles on it. “My placement was in a second-grade classroom,” he mumbles around the bite of pickle, “Which I think is too young for me. Too much hand holding. But I loved every minute of it anyway.”
Dean closes his eyes and inhales slowly, trying to force air into his lungs and ignore the pounding in his chest. Inhale through the nose. Hold. Exhale through the mouth. He does it again. And again. He tries to tune everything out and focus on his breathing.
What he can’t deal with is the disappointment in Castiel’s voice and the hard look on his face when he demanded Dean kneel in the corner.
There’s a hand gripping his hair, tugging painfully until he’s forced to tilt his face up, momentarily blinded by the lights focused on them before he blinks and sees Alastair’s snarling face above him.
Castiel raises his hands in surrender. “We don’t have to talk about it, then.” He tilts his head and observes Dean. “But I don’t expect anything in return for today or for what happened between us at the club. Or any further communication between us for that matter. I have no ulterior motives other than wanting to help you in whatever way I can.”
Alastair watches with a sneer as Dean struggles. He grabs another ice cube and pushes it in without warning.
CAS: I ordered a vegetable panini from the restaurant at the hotel for lunch. Work is paying for all my expenses so I also ordered the most expensive cocktail on the menu.
“Really great, actually. I thought she would be mad at me for dropping her and especially for choosing Alastair over her and everyone else. But she was just happy that I reached out. We had coffee and caught up. She has a wife now. A wife and a house and I missed all of it.”
Castiel snakes one hand between their bodies to grip Dean’s erection and Dean’s hips stutter to a stop. His fingers squeeze bruises into Castiel’s shoulders. Castiel drags his hand down the length of Dean’s cock and then back up, rubbing under the head of his sensitive tip.
“Scotch with a splash of water,” Dean orders, pointing to the man next to him, who looks up at the sound of Dean’s voice and places the sticky drink menu on the equally sticky bar.
“Perfect. We also need to talk about limits. My hard limits are watersports, scat, knifeplay…actually, I have a list on my laptop that goes into more detail of what I am and am not willing to try. I’ll pull it up and you can have a look later.”
He feels like an ass now. Castiel is dealing with his own shit, stressed at work and having to deal with Dean’s shit on top of all that and here Dean is whining like a child about not getting enough attention. He shouldn’t have let Castiel talk him into staying here. He’s nothing more than a burden.
“No,” Alastair agrees, “we haven’t. Not in person. Though I have had quite the eyeful.” He turns his gaze to Dean’s shocked expression. “You didn’t think I’d let you have your own apartment without keeping an eye on you, did you? Of course I’d set up cameras to make sure my pet is behaving.” He clucks his tongue, “Aw, don’t give me that look.” His laugh sends nausea rolling through Dean.
Sure enough, there is a row of empty metal hangers in the closet. Castiel grabs one and hands it over to Dean who quickly bends the hook and sets about picking the lock on the metal collar.
“Filthy whores need to be stuffed nice and good, don’t they?” Alastair coos, stroking a hand through Dean’s sweat-slicked hair. “Do you want to be speared on this nice toy Master has for you?”
“That’s right, my pretty little fuckhole.” Alastair pushes three more ice cubes into Dean’s hole in quick succession, shoving his hard cock in immediately after.
Rough hands grip Dean under the arms. He groans in protest, but he’s too tired and too defeated to put up a fight as he’s dragged across the club.
“It’s okay, just tender.” Castiel offers him a small smile before leaning in close again and trailing his lips up to Dean’s ear. “I’ve got Scrabble,” he says coolly.
“I want that,” he whispers, afraid to even think it, let alone say it out loud. “I want that so badly, Cas.” Castiel nods, encouraging Dean to continue. “But I can’t leave him.”
“I know, I know.” Dean waves off Doctor Pavloska’s comment. There had been enough of that the last session. “I thought about what you said about needing to have someone other than Cas in my life and I got in touch with an old friend from university.”
“Well, at first I was going for Sammy, so I just chose something that I knew I could get a job out of and make decent money, so I started in accounting. I’m pretty good with numbers and money after having to budget what little we had growing up, so I thought it’d be as good a job as any. I wasn’t unhappy in the program, but I could tell after the first year that it wasn’t what I wanted to do. I kept with it though, because Sammy comes first.”
For now, though, they’re alone, and Dean’s stomach settles when he rationalizes that Alastair’s never cared about where he went off to after any of their other scenes. There’s no reason for tonight to be any different.
“I think I can find it in my heart to forgive you. But only on the condition that you have microwave popcorn for the movie.”
Dean used to revel in the marks left on him, back when he was new to the scene. Then they were like a reward, a reminder of the praise Alastair gave him for being good. Now, when he looks at them, he only sees the confirmation of his weakness and his stomach twists every time he catches a glimpse of his naked body.
His eyes dart to Castiel’s lips as he parts them slightly, and Dean can feel his heart thumping in his chest, wonders if Castiel can tell how hard it’s beating.
“It should be numb right now, but the damage is pretty serious. I’ll put the rest of the lotion with your clothes; you can take it home and re-apply it in the morning.”
A collar is like a physical representation of their relationship, of the fact that he belongs to Castiel. And that Castiel wants him. Castiel wants him and no one can touch him while he’s wearing Castiel’s collar.
“I don’t want you to have to go through this again,” Meg says, sounding less angry, “You deserve better than to be treated as a stepping stone on the way to someone else’s recovery.”
The small audience watches as his hips gyrate to the beat of the song. There are some whistles when he starts stripping slowly, teasingly. He knows how to work the crowd, how to touch himself suggestively as he moves his body, stripping down until all he wears is the pair of red panties he bought just for tonight. The feeling of the fabric against his skin and the way it hugs his curves, he knew the patrons would appreciate the way it makes his ass look.
He dare not go against his uncles wishes. He has been marked and scarred by the alpha wolf many times to the point he is too afraid to even lift a finger or speak out against the lead alpha. He had withdrawn even more into his pathetic shell when his mother had passed away 4 years ago.
John’s steady voice spoke from the doorway to his bedroom. “One day, you and your omega will have that opportunity”. The pack alpha added, “we have had a bloody past, stained by the ignorant, power hungry forest wolves of old. A past that was too hard for me to change. Soon, you’ll be pack alpha of the forest wolves and together, alongside your mate, you can work towards creating unity between the two wolf packs. I believe in you, son, and I also believe that the time of peace is near. We, however, must tread lightly”.
Dean furrowed his brow, “Of course, Cas". The alpha tilted his head, “Is this because of what you saw last night happening between Anna and I?”
So, when it approached the 3rd hour of tossing and turning, he decided to throw in the towel. He sat up, threw his covers to the side, swung his feet off the mattress and got to his feet. Without much thought he walked towards his door, flung it open and headed down the hallway to Dean’s bedroom.
He still itched to run after the omega, bouncing on his feet, meeting his dads composed green eyes, “But dad. He needs me!”
Dean reached out to collect their empty plates and smiled at him, “How about I clear the dishes and get them washed, while you enjoy your wine”.
He felt himself heating up again and wanting to start another hot make-out session with his lover, when something terrifying caught his nose. A scent he grew to hate with passion. His protective instincts also crept in, zipping himself up and turning to stand before Dean, squinting his eyes into the dark shadows, a distance away.
They leaned in for more soft sweet kisses before Dean led Castiel towards the woods. Sam and Gabe following behind. Castiel leaned his head into Dean’s shoulder, just wondering out loud, “Do you think he’s here with us?”
For however stupid reason, her conclusion was sealed whenever Dean would bring Lisa over. Cas would slap on a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes, and say the hurting words
Gabe shrugged, digging his hands into the front pocket of his jeans, “Well yeah, Cassie. I’m all set for tonight and have my suit ready at home.”  The omega’s smile looked wavy this time, eyes glistening in the light, “It’s just…I wanted to come see you, is all.”
Despite this tickling excitement, he stuttered out, “Um, I think you made a wrong turn alpha. The party is at the foot of my hill.”
Never had Dean experienced such an orgasm. It was strong and he felt like the energy was being drained out of him through his cock. He shivered, he shook, he groaned as pleasure coursed through his being. He shuddered, “OHHH CAS! FUCK YEAH!”
Anna didn’t seem fazed. She just crossed her arms along her chest, jutting her hip out to the side, face scrunched up in annoyance, “oh please Dean! Spare me the lecture! The council has given me full authority to stay under your roof and have your pups, so I am going to enter this house as your second omega mate”.
His ears flickered back and forth, as if a fly was trying to bother it. He snorted when he found it was Dean trying to playfully nip on the tips of his ears. He rolled his eyes as the alpha chuckled, lifting his head (out of his snuggly hiding place in Dean’s furry black chest) and, shooting Dean annoyed eyes filled with humor. This only made the alpha laugh louder, but, soon, he was the one laughing, when he caught the alpha off guard, by licking a strip up the alphas nose and snout.
Damn, the omega was getting him all nervous, excited and clumsy. He was all mushy and sweet, something that was not him. But, he found that he didn’t care! He enjoyed being cute and honest with his omega.
There were people bustling around, laughing away, having fun under this festive atmosphere. He asked in excitement, “How did you know about this, Dean?”
When Lee had walked away, Dean pulled his lover into him, laying a kiss on those beautiful lips. “Baby. You know that it’ll get dangerous. Things can get complicated. We need to be careful".
He would have bitten into Castiel’s neck if Pam hadn’t walked into their tent. He found himself annoyed that Castiel’s servant had interrupted his scenting, but at the same time felt relieved because she had just snapped him back to reality.
Great. Now he would most probably be rejected again or looked down upon by everyone else today at the engagement party.
Somehow, the Impala had stollen his attention once more. He had to stop walking, and, admire the classic car once more.
before them. His eyes somehow dropped down to this patch of bushes by a huge boulder- just to the far right of Cas. Instead of heartache, he felt nostalgic. It was a good memory- finding Cas there. This whole place-
Now, the time was here. Tomorrow, he and his father would go to the town borders edge and await the delivery of the omega by the town alpha. Though, the thought of the omega being told to just up and leave his family always bothered him. If it were up to him, he would unite the forest and town wolves.
That apple pie scent was ever so strong and captivating- it was damn hard to keep himself steady and calm, but he didn’t give in. He didn’t want to scare the omega. It was all up to Cas what he chose to reveal or not.
So the wolf council left and it was only John, Castiel and Dean standing before Michael and his pack.
He was bouncing on the balls of his feet, not really realizing, until his dad laid a gentle grip on his elbow, gruff soothing tone whispering, “Son, calm down.”
Dean and Cas can still communicate telepathically even if one is in human and one is in wolf form. Only they can!
Then, just like that, everything changed. Everything darkened around him. The blue skies brought out angry grey clouds. The sun sunk into the depths of the earth. The apples turned moldy. He was in a frantic state, eyes roaming here and there. Looking, searching, for his little brother, Sammy. He called out, ‘
He swears to whatever deity or God that he is blushing uncontrollably right now. Damn his whole being was thrumming in excitement and something aching to joy.
And when the alpha said in that secretive sugary deep voice, “I’m sorry about Lucifer, he can be an asshole sometimes.” He knew he was screwed.
He positioned his hands just atop Cas hands at the base of the cue stick and he mimicked the position of the index finger and thumb at the top of the cue stick. Cas hands and fingers were so warm in his.
The tall alpha all but smiled so sweetly at him, uttering in the most soothing tone, “Hello precious. I’m Sam Winchester.” Sam reached out and brought his hand to those soft pink lips, laying a tender peck on the back of his palm. “And, you are?”
Dean couldn’t resist, flipping Cas onto his back and entering his omegas tight wet hole with one swift thrust. Their moans and groans filled the little barn, carrying out into the early morning skies.
Then, explaining everything to the shy blue eyed man, about pool, was fascinating in its own way. He liked the way Cas eyes lit up, the more he learned about pool. But, things started heating up, right after Cas asked him to ‘
Craven was awake. He was expecting a large gathering of his Novak vampire family. And he did feel proud to see all of them greeting him at his awakening. But, all that eagerness and excitement faded when he didn’t see the one person he was expecting to see. He barked out to the cowering vampires, “Where is Castiel!?”
He lightly thumbed at Castiel’s bottom lip, “Oh I heard you angel.” He met Castiel’s eyes with deep intent, he swore he was going to get lost in those sapphire blues, “Listen to me babe, apart from my mom, dad, baby brother, there is no one else I’d rather trust with my son than you. I know you never intended to put him in harms way, AND you didn’t. Chuck is the culprit and asshole here, Cas. He is the one who deserves all the blame. Ok?”
For the next 10 minutes, it was quiet as they enjoyed their meals. Then, they sat there, full bellied and satisfied.
Dean shook himself out of his stunned state, turning his eyes away from the omega, pinching at a loose thread on his jeans and scoffing. Her oldest alpha was grumbling under his breath- who knows what the hell he was mumbling about, looking so defeated and resigned.
Chuck’s jaw dropped and the mumbling of gossiping guests began. The Milton Pack leader stuttered, “No! You must not taint the fantastic bloodline of the Winchester Pack!”
He nodded, “Ok, Dean. Thanks.” He placed the vase in the center of his dining table before taking few steps back and studying how the roses changed the outlook of his humble dining area. It certainly added color and life to the surrounding. He turned and smiled brightly at Dean, “Perfect!”
It was only labored breathing, pants and erotic moans that accompanied the sexy sounds of skin slapping against skin and the obscene sound of a wet hole being destroyed by a hard cock. It took only several minutes more for Dean’s knot to start swelling at the base. The alpha couldn’t help but fuck himself harder and deeper as his knot rubbed so deliciously against Castiel’s rim. He growled, “Cas! Tell me you want my knot!”
He got back to typing on his computer- hoping beyond hope that he wouldn’t tear up like a pathetic little shit. He was failing miserably as light tears clouded his eyes. Inside he was screaming ‘
Cas was 18 and looking more gorgeous than ever. As soon as Dean got off his horse, he jumped into the alphas arms. The kiss was filled with hunger and want, tongues dueling viciously as they pressed their hardened cocks against each other’s, hands grabbing where they could reach. The omega smelled so different to Dean; more ripe and delicious. Ready for an alpha cock.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah baby. I’m certain.” Dean smiled softly, thumbing circles into his omegas cheek, “See, my mom and dad have a similar love story to ours. Dad a prince, mom was a commoner. They met when dad accidentally knocked her off her feet in the markets in the city. All the apples and vegetables she had harvested from her families farm had gone flying into the air. She had cursed at my dad but my dad was completely mesmerized by her. Slowly, they fell in love and dad ended up mating and marrying her. My grandfather didn’t say a thing, all he wanted was his son to be happy. So, yeah, my parents have gone through something similar to our love, so they understand. In fact, they are over eager and excited to meet you. Will you um- do you want to um- return with me to the castle Cas?”
Both trembling with untamed desire as they collapse into one another, holding on for dear life- releasing and moaning for the next 5 minutes.
Dean knew that Anna was a manipulative , daring omega and he wouldn’t trust her one bit. Nevertheless, this situation was beyond his control. He turned his attention away from the omega next to him, starting up he’s Chevy’s engine. It was time to drive home.
He never felt more afraid in his life. What had they done? He was at a complete loss for words! He was basically trembling on the spot. Too adrift in his thoughts to hear Dean trying to reach out to him.
Every bone in his body wanted to succumb, but, he knew he would end up hurt severely. He couldn’t take any more pain than the one his heart was already dishing out. He wouldn’t survive. So, he shook his head, watching Gabe’s face fall even more, “I’m sorry Gabe, but I can’t. Please understand, I can’t risk receiving any more punishment from Chuck. This time, he will surely end me.”
He watched his mom walk out of the master bedroom, greeting Cas who walked past her. “Good morning, sweetheart!”
Instantly, his omega internally whined and folded. He felt tears swim in his eyes as he lay back down in the same position he was before, pulling the covers over his head. But, before that, he was pretty sure he imagined Prince Dean looking apologetic and sad.
Even when he felt saddened and worried about his omegas degrading statement of being imperfect because of his limp. No, he didn’t care about his slight walking difficulty- well there was a story there that he’d like to find out and he did care- but, there was no imperfection. Not in his eyes.
The Milton Coven was the only other vampire family in Lawrence. They were much smaller and less powerful than the Novak Coven. Normally, the pack would keep their distance- hunting in the only 20% of the city limits they were permitted to, by the Novak coven. The Milton’s were also descended from Marcus Novak- however, their blood ties were mixed with other vamp clans- becoming fourth generation descendants of the original and first vampire- Marcus Novak. Only a few remaining vamps of the Milton family formed close bonds with the Novak’s. Well, as of now, there was only one- Gabriel Milton.
So when Cas was done orgasming, Dean lowered the omegas thighs and kissed his way up the omegas sweaty tummy, chest, nipples, neck, jaw before claiming those lips in a hungry deep kiss. They rut their cocks against each other’s in a sensual rhythmic motion, moaning into each other mouths as they tasted and licked. Dean pulled at Cas bottom lip, sucking the flesh between his teeth, running his tongue along it before releasing it with a pop. He snakes a hand down to grab at his cock, guiding the head to his omegas hole.
He felt so giddy with love, he murmured, “You’re welcome, Dean. Now, let’s enjoy some home cooked meal.”
. Her eldest alpha son either ignored the way Cas eyes would tear up, or, he probably saw and turned the other cheek, just so he wouldn’t feel that hurt bubbling inside him for dissing the omega.
Cas preened. The omega seemed to lean his head closer to his, just touching the side of his face lightly.
When the front door slammed shut, Cas turned to face him with renewed anger on that beautiful omega face. The omega strode over to him, definitely into his personal space (creating this pleasant, yet, tense vibe), jabbing at his chest repeatedly, “You didn’t visit for 2
Anna screeched. She turned her back on the duo who weren't paying any attention to her and stomped off.
He was still heavy hearted and seeing Jimmy’s peaceful face in the casket still swept through his mind every once in a while, but, he felt that 10 years had served its purpose. Maybe, it was the right time to return home.
Mary spared a look at her husband, who only responded with a small nod and smile. Yes, they guessed who the one behind Dean was.
The man rubbed a hand down his face, blowing out a sigh of relief. He could hear the man’s muttered, “well that’s a relief! Thought I was losing my damn mind!” The man shoved hands into the front pockets of his jeans, taking in his face once more, asking, “Do you know who I am?”
Castiel spared one more glance at his sibling, who was running his fingers through the fur on the top of Sam’s head.
Dean’s lip lifted at the corner, “Let’s just say, we haven’t kept out hands off each other since our consummation night 3 weeks ago, Sammy.”
John and Mary were listening to a farmers concern when the doors to the great hall swung open. In walked their oldest and behind him, another, who seemed to be in deep hesitation and using Dean as some sort of shield from view.
Cas looked at him with stars in his eyes, smiling so happily. The man cupped his cheek lightly, “Well, that’s great news, Dean”.
WARNING: I know that I mentioned 'No Underage' but from this chapter onwards there will be 'Underage' warnings. Please heed warnings and don't read if triggered easily!
But of course, his girlfriend, Lisa, demanded his time and attention. Too much, that she even came over to his place uninvited at times. And, honestly, it was starting to grate on his nerves. She was trying to shove herself into his life….and it seemed, into his room. And, like any young hormonal teen alpha, he should be welcoming the fact that his girlfriend wanted to experiment a little- in the secrecy of his bedroom, but, the instant he caught Cas saddened eyes……well….he felt his alpha fizzle in annoyance- all of which was aimed directly at Lisa.
Mary pitched in, “Oh sweetheart, no. You are allowed to spend time with your girlfriend. You have that freedom to do so, however, your time has to be shared with others who also love you. Do you understand where I’m coming from, honey?”
On that night that all began, his parents were not there, having gone to stay the night with the farm animals in the shelter- preferably to give the Prince his own space. He could recall Dean asking his parents if Anna could warm his bed for the night and though he could see the fear and heartbreak in his parents eyes- it didn’t stop them from saying
