PS: I’m doing my chapterly tumblr plug now for reasons: come and find me at clueda. Strap in, folks: this is a long one.
. It was John’s own inaction that was the story, and those five words, involuntary, had confirmed it. Those five words made Sherlock feel as if someone had poured a bucket of water over his head. Someone with eyes that were gunmetal grey from a distance but blue and deep as the sea up close. Within those five words was all the emotion that had been there in that hallway, all the emotions that had been with John since, and Sherlock didn’t think it was love, certainly not, but it was enough to confirm what he had hypothesised.
Mike looked at him for a second, then continued. “The next thing I remember clearly is being in the hospital. Apparently, when Molly and Lestrade arrived, I had wrapped Sherlock up in my hoodie and was sort of hugging him. Then the ambulance people showed up and took over. Anyway, the next few hours were a blur of Molly crying, and talking to people in uniforms, and Lestrade looking serious, and a lot of shaking. I remember I was shaking for quite a bit.
It was large, but not as large as John had expected. The bed was a queen sized at least, John estimated – high off the ground, dark wooden headboard, stylish black bed linen. A bedside table on each side. A long, antique desk, the surface covered entirely in things and trinkets and equipment and knick-knacks. An armchair, Victorian. One wide window above the bed in the wall facing the door. A chandelier, three lamps, one plasma ball. Two doors in the wall to the right of the door John was standing in.
John filed one paper, then another, then another - until the name on the top of one of the files caught his eye. He froze. It read: POWERS, C.
“Around Christmas time, he stopped going to meals. In the spring term, he sometimes literally went weeks without uttering a single word. Then came the late-night violin concertos and the absences from lessons that he refused to explain. And that's when the teachers began to notice, but they just gave him detention upon detention and never asked any questions. Our house master then was a real evil piece of shit, nothing like Lestrade. So no-one did anything.
“Hey, Sherlock,” he said, and stood up, Jeanette’s hand falling away from his arm. Sherlock saw irritation there, on her features, and repressed a smug smirk. “What’s up?”
Holding them now, he was surprised at how ornate they were – thin metal glowing gold in the mid-morning sun, a small but rare gem set into each one. He remembered the way they had swung as Sarah had looked between John and himself in disbelief.
– and what if Sherlock could read it in his appeasing face? Because he would be able to, and even imagining that feeling made Sherlock’s chest tight.
“Parents?” queried Mike quietly, stressing the ‘s’. John raised his eyebrows briefly and hoped Mike wouldn’t need more of an explanation. “Oh,” he said. “Well, tell your dad I say hi, yeah?”
, stops trying to explain everything and… it’s like he’s speaking, but properly. A lot of what he says is either bullshit or so cryptic you can’t work out what he actually means. He stops all that, when he plays. It’s nice.”
“I’m sorry, John.” That seemed to have no effect. A clock ticked somewhere in the house; the washing machine in the utility room went into a spin cycle. “I appreciate you telling me about your father.” John looked down at his lap. “I don’t think you were responsible for their deaths, by the way.” John only cocked his head with a tight-lipped smile, a dismissive gesture. Sherlock knew that conversation was going nowhere, so he tried a different approach. “Who’s Mary?”
“Of course, he had to see the school counsellor every week and he had to go out of school for rehab sessions every Sunday. I would have paid to have been able to bear witness to those sessions, because it was obvious, even to me, that he didn’t want to cooperate."
“Because I know those things make you uncomfortable,” he answered quietly after a moment of thought.
“Sherlock, what the hell are you doing?” John had a hand on his chest, and had moved in front of Sarah slightly.
“Yeah, it’s more ceremonial,” John explained, running his hands down his front. “Team photos, big matches, things like that. I think I’ve only worn it once or twice before. I like it though, makes me feel all proper,” and he flashed one of those smiles of his.
“Back to Thriller,” John clapped his hands once and pressed play on the video on his laptop. Michael Jackson’s voice filtered out of the low-quality speakers, John singing along.
“You don’t have amnesia too, do you?” he joked after a moment, unable to think of anything to say that wouldn’t make Sherlock more embarrassed than he must have already been feeling.
“What does he do when you wake up? You said a few months ago that you are often screaming, or shouting…”
“Oh, now you’re trying to guilt-trip me,” John said, turning back to his work. “It’s not going to work. You can time yourself, Sherlock.” He heard Sherlock huff behind him and put his earphones back in.
“I still feel nauseous,” Sherlock replied, and he sounded unsure. “I haven’t eaten a thing for over a day and I still feel nauseous. I don’t understand.”
Sherlock laughed shortly. “What’s life without a little risk,” he said. Then, after a moment of thought, “Call it a late birthday present to you.”
“Anthea?” he called. “Shit. Where’s the light switch…” he fumbled about on the wall. His hands found a switch and flicked it on.
“You’re about there, to be honest.” John was making eye contact again, much to Sherlock’s relief. He sighed and sat back. “Mary Morstan. Known her since I was, ooh, thirteen? Yeah, thirteen. She was the new kid in my class in year nine; by year ten we were good friends; in year eleven, we got together. I loved her – don’t give me that face, I did! We were each other’s firsts, and I know that doesn’t mean anything and is a purely social construct but…” John looked to Sherlock’s face for a reaction but got none. “She was my
“It’s rather heavy, this parcel,” he said, as Sherlock tried to reach around John’s torso. John twisted and squirmed away to the other side of the room. “I wonder, did you see something you liked online too?”
“Ah, yes, and how would I do that? A spa day, maybe? A nice stroll in the woods? A bottle of wine by the fire? I don’t
Just then, Sherlock’s phone chimed. The boy brought it out from his pocket, looked at the screen, and made a noise of satisfaction. “See?” He said, holding the device out so John could see the screen. A text message from Mycroft.
“You don’t have to answer,” John said. “I just wanted to know. Today didn’t seem like the first time, so I just thought – ”
There was a pause in which John willed Sherlock to say something, but it seemed his friend had retreated into a sulk, so he tried to access the small talk genes his mother had passed on, made a joke about canapés, and managed to extract himself and Sherlock within sixty seconds.
“Can you blame me?” John retorted. “Actually, don’t answer that.” He tried to sound casual but didn’t think he was doing a very good job of it. As Sherlock fiddled with something at his desk, John tried to calm down. Sherlock was here. He was in one piece. He seemed lucid, relaxed - as relaxed as Sherlock ever got. Everything was fine. But John’s heartbeat didn’t quite seem to understand that.
“I think it’s Frank Sinatra, but slowed down an obscene amount,” Sherlock replied, and John laughed at the acidity in his tone.
“Good,” he heard Sherlock say to himself, and John opened an eye tentatively, lest Sherlock get annoyed. But Sherlock had rocked back onto his feet again and did not get annoyed, so John opened the other one.
, John realised; and congratulated him enthusiastically, sincerely, and John felt a swell of pride surge like a tide in his chest.
“After effects of adrenaline,” Sherlock replied, scrutinising his face. After a moment, “You think it’s something else, obviously.”
a next time, I will sleep with a knife if I have to – and why were you examining my cells? They’re exactly the same as yours, there is literally nothing interesting about them!”
“He’s called David,” she said, a fondness creeping into her eyes. “He’s lovely. A builder, couple of years older than me. I’d like for you to meet him, Harry,” she said, turning to her daughter, who had to bite her tongue to stop herself saying something about her father. It was an automatic response and she knew it was wrong for her to deny her mother a second chance at a relationship, but it was taking a long time to unlearn. “So you’ve had my news, John; now what’s yours?”
Once the Watsons had each polished off a generous slice of cake, John’s mum hurried out of the dining room saying something about John’s presents. When she sidled back into room, she was concealing something behind her back.
All too soon, Mrs Hudson was slowing down, and the car came to a stop in front of the path leading to the front door. John turned to her.
Once enveloped by the half-gloom and old-wood smell of the building, John checked his timetable for the umpteenth time. The slip of paper was already falling apart at the creases where John had folded it and unfolded it so many times, checking and rechecking his lessons. According to it, John’s first lesson at St. Bart’s was in lab eleven. He turned to Sherlock to ask him where it was, but the boy’s unnecessarily tall form was nowhere to be seen.
It was quiet. He was in a short hallway littered with shoes and umbrellas. The corridor opened, as Sherlock had said it would, onto what seemed to be a utility room. A washing machine was on, and its rhythmic thudding matched the rush of blood in John’s ears. There were two other doors leading out of the room, and John opened the one on the right, as per his instructions.
“By the way, if Sherlock asks who volunteered him, don’t even try and cover me, he’ll work it out anyway.”
The next time was the day after, and John and Sherlock were sitting in biology. Luckily there had been a change in the seating plan (John wouldn’t have been surprised if Sherlock’s former lab partner, Robbie, had had something to do with it). With it, John had been saved the nascent awkwardness of having to sit next to Sarah after John’s dismal failure with regards to their relationship and had, instead, been paired with his roommate at the back of the classroom.
After he could breathe properly again, John flopped backwards and lay on the carpet, heels of his hands pressed into his closed eyes.
Except, of course, that second figure was not unfamiliar in the slightest. As John got closer, his heart sank. That figure was familiar to all. Irene Adler.
“However, the atmosphere was certainly frosty to begin with. Everyone kept asking me what had happened, and I dutifully told them that he’d got hypothermia and had fallen unconscious on the rooftop. Once I’d convinced them all that he hadn’t tried to commit suicide, or set up a meth lab in the attic, things began to get a little better. But still nobody talked to him. I told them that it would be much better if they would, and that I had made sure he wouldn’t do his mind-reader tricks on them. Eventually, they agreed, and stopped talking around him so much.
“Well, no time for that. As you said, the ball’s only in ten days,” John said, bringing his eyes back to his own blazer. He tried not to smile at Sherlock’s sigh of exasperation.
John crouched and rested his elbows on his knees for a moment. “Maybe walking all this way on an empty stomach wasn’t such a great idea.”
John and Mike exchanged a look behind Bill’s back as Bill put his arms around their shoulders, leading them inside.
John’s phone vibrated in his blazer pocket. Not taking his eyes off the man in front of him, he took out his phone. The text was from an unknown number.
“I don’t think so,” came a voice, a voice that turned Sherlock’s prickling fear into something stabbing, sharp, glacial - “We’re just getting started, Mr Holmes.”
“Sir, I have to go home,” Sherlock said to the teacher supervising the detention. The eyes of the other students turned on them, a mixture of confusion and annoyance.
Sherlock said goodnight to John after the mess in Sherlock’s room had been cleared away and the laptop turned off.
“We should get inside somewhere,” John said, trying to walk fast enough to keep away from the angry mountain of a boy who was no doubt pursuing them but not so fast as to attract suspicion.
“Your funeral, mate,” Sally conceded. She exchanged looks with her friend, and they both looked back at John like he was some anomaly in their system. He held the eye contact for a beat before replying to Sherlock.
John sat next to his friend. From there, he could see the school stretching out in front of them, a jumble of dark rooves and playing fields under a featureless sky.
Sherlock looked at John. There was genuine worry there; it reached his eyes, was in the purse of his lips, in his body language. “No. He’s a coward. A psychopath, but a coward.” John looked back at Victor. “John. Don’t worry about him.”
“About a day, twenty-four hours. But you’d pass out after twelve.” He replied. He watched John’s eyes flick between the paper and his body for a bit, the feeling of his friend’s eyes on his bare chest no longer as exposing as it had been when he had first undressed.
“It is,” John agreed. “But I’ll be fine. Here, take some sweets to keep your magic levels topped up.” The girls took the chocolate, still stealing petrified glances at Sherlock, who crossed his arms and tried to look as scary as possible. John would disapprove if he didn’t play along.
“I’m just going to go and photocopy this.” John’s teacher announced, picking up a wad of paper and getting up from his desk. John willed him silently to stay, but the door clicked shut behind him and Bill’s face lit up.
“There’s a first time for everything, Sherlock,” John replied brightly. He tied his final bow in his laces and looked over at Sherlock’s feet. “D’you want some help?”
“Watching someone while they sleep is usually considered rude,” Sherlock mumbled, and John felt his heart stop.
“…And could the lower sixth please stay behind for a few minutes, Mr Carter wishes to speak with you. Have a good day, everyone. You are dismissed.”
The time was now. There was a case here, and it needed to be dealt with. Not for the girl’s sake, for his own. There was an itching under his skin as he ran down the stairs, not bothering to move for his housemates as they glared at him as he passed, their calls and taunts not even registering.
“You said once that you assumed I was…” John trailed off, hoping Mike would fill in the gap. When his friend only blinked at him from behind his glasses, John gathered his courage and finished, “Bi.”
Sherlock squeezed his hand again, and John realised his own was no longer a fist. That they were palm to palm, fingers entwined.
“I looked back at the road and there was a pair of headlights rushing at us and dad was shouting at me to turn, for fuck’s sake, turn, and I just sat there. He leant over and tried to turn the wheel himself but the other car was too close and I could hear it’s engines and see the other driver, and they were trying to swerve as well but it was too late and I remember thinking, ‘I’m going to die.’
“It was funny,” John said, “but nothing seems to have happened because of my slip-up, so hopefully we’re okay.”
“Still think there’s room for improvement?” John asked, and Sherlock could hear the grin in his voice.
“Merry Christmas John.” The headphones made it sound like Sherlock was in the middle of his head, the words soft and intimate.
Sherlock realised he was going to miss him. When they broke up for the winter and went back to their own homes, to their own bedrooms, to their own beds. Sherlock thought that his bedroom would be very, very quiet without the sound of John’s breathing.
Sherlock reached over the metal of John’s bed and whisked the sketchpad away for scrutiny, ignoring John’s protests. His eyes narrowed.
“To tell the truth,” Sherlock said after a pause, “I thought the chance of her finding anything suspicious was very low. I just wanted her to feel like she was doing something useful. To keep her busy.”
“Right,” Vlad said, getting to his feet. “My laptop’s got the biggest screen, wait here,” and then strode purposefully out of the room.
“He shuffled about for a bit, and I heard some clinking, like glass on glass. Then he padded back out. As soon as the door shut behind him, I got out of bed and half-ran, half-tiptoed out of the dorm and followed him. He must have heard me - in fact I’m sure he did, but he didn’t turn around or try to stop me. Instead, he climbed the stairs all the way to the top of the house, his arms full of conical flasks, to where the laundry room is. He walked down the corridor in total darkness, and you can imagine my confusion because -
John was sitting behind the reception desk at the san during his free period the next day. The building was quiet. A couple of pupils had signed in for physiotherapy appointments, another for an injection, and another to see the nurse.
“Mm. Mm!” John nearly choked on the water he was swirling in his mouth, spluttering it out, much to Sherlock’s annoyance as some splashes got on his pyjamas. “You mean you had it in your mouth and then – you – swapped?”
The lights came up, and John was surprised at their strength, and then he waited. The entire house did. For Sherlock. For what felt like hours, they waited, but in reality John knew it must have been mere seconds, agonising, terrible seconds, before –
Sherlock was sitting on the edge of the roof, legs dangling. John made sure to make more noise than usual when he climbed through the window to alert Sherlock to his presence so he didn't make him jump.
After rugby that afternoon – in which he thought Angelo was tackling him just a little too hard – John walked back to house with Mike, chatting about the upcoming match that weekend.
But then Sherlock squeezed his hand. John looked down at it again and when he looked back up, Sherlock was staring at him like John
On that topic, I am in the middle of going through the rest of the fic and to add detailed content warnings (like the one at the top of this chapter) for sensitive subjects at the beginning of any chapters that contain them, such as underage drinking, drug use, attempted child sexual abuse, parental death, etc. I’d like to apologise for not having done so sooner. I wrote most of those chapters when I was a teenager myself and therefore thought of a lot of those things as normal/quotidian/harmless, but now I am older and wiser, I realise they can be things people may rather be warned that they are going to encounter. I hope those warnings help you and future readers to have an experience reading this fic that you are in control of, being able to skip parts that may be upsetting/unpleasant/just not something you want to read. You can see a catalogue of all the chapters that have content warnings at
“Yeah, yes, sorry – see you later, John,” Eddie said, giving him a quick smile and looking over John’s shoulder at Sherlock before walking away, The Hulk following.
There was an uncomfortable pause, a hole in the noise of the yells of encouragement from those on the sofas to Mike and Freckles and the heavens opening with a rumble of thunder that rattled the old windows in their frames.
“Well. To stop any regression, Sherlock will need to take a type of medicine called neurotiptryline – ”
“I don’t need time-management tips from you, you haven’t done any biology homework since about 2002,” John replied, then softened. “I didn’t write it down in my planner so I forgot about it until this evening. I’m sorry.”
John turned around. Sherlock was still sitting in the same position as he had been when John had come in, eyes still closed. “That depends on the favour,” John replied.
Every time John felt inferior – his cutlery foreign in his hands when he saw how the Holmeses held theirs so gracefully – or stupid – names of politicians and terminology of economic policies threatening to drown him – Sherlock smiled at him, or rolled his eyes, or asked him a question, and John felt himself gripped tight.
Just beneath them, the network of roads appeared orange in the light of the streetlamps, becoming narrower and narrower until they weren’t visible as they carried cars further and further from John’s home. Rows of houses identical to John’s divided the land into stripes in front of and behind them. Distinct shapes of buildings became insignificant and merged into one mass. Orange and white and yellow and blue and red smudges and dots and squares and winks and pin-pricks of light shone in the dark. Skyscrapers grasped at clouds far away to their left, thimble-sized and hazy. The horizon faded from a smoky orange into a smoky grey into a smoky black into void.
Sherlock wondered if he would be able to taste the same nutty aftertaste on John’s tongue as he could taste on his own.
“Oh, no, I have no idea what’s here. I just had a… tipoff, let’s say, from someone who, themselves, thought that something fun might be going on in this grungy old place. I am no more the wiser than you, for once.”
John followed the snatches of music – more instruments joining in – to the music block, and then up the stairs to the door of a room on the top floor. However, as he got there, the music abruptly stopped and was replaced by muffled voices – unfriendly ones. There was a short burst of shouting and John slowed as he neared the door. He put his ear to the wood, but even so struggled to work out what exactly was going on –
“Yeah,” Smith said, snatching the paper. “He wasn’t the angel you made him out to be in your Herald piece, you know.” When John simply looked at the man, he went on, “Oh, yes, I read that. Very emotive, very stirring. But you missed out the part where he beat up my nephew.”
John spent the next twenty minutes in a disgruntled silence, as the girls grilled Sherlock for more and more daring deductions, and gasping at each one. Sherlock loved the attention at first – the limelight was more of a home to him than the fabled Holmes manor John had heard so little about. But after a little while, John could see that his friend was getting tired, the usual pleasure he took in making deductions fading and being replaced with irritation and weariness.
“Well, then, Mrs and Ms Watson,” Sherlock began, over-emphasising his accent for comic effect. “Would you like the grand tour of our humble abode?”
He threw himself down on his bed, covering his face with his hands. He knew why Harry was acting the way that she was, and was adamant it wasn’t going to work. He tried to cool his thoughts, slow his breath.
“No, but I’ve got a pretty good idea, and this isn’t it." Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “You wouldn’t be acting this way for no reason – like, that thing with Mike this morning, he was only being polite - ”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and opened his mouth, but before anything malicious could come out, John interjected “Sherlock...” and gave him a look that he hoped conveyed ‘don’t be an insufferable arse’ with sufficient force. Sherlock rolled his eyes and went to his desk, obviously finished with the conversation.
“The deadline’s next week?” John exclaimed, peering at the paper pinned to the noticeboard. “You could have given me a little more warning, Mike, Jesus.”
“Yeah – different panels, if you like.” Mike nodded in understanding. “I’ve got to bring it to the art block before dinner, so I’ll have a nosey at the competition and report back.”
“You heard me.” Mycroft said calmly. “It’s important you get your GCSEs, no matter how clever you think you are.”
“Well, feelings won’t do much to prove who our killer is,” John replied, crossing his arms. “Let’s run through it again. The killer implied we have met them, so they are someone in St. Bart’s, maybe, but they had access to snipers - “
“But why would someone want to kill their own pet?” Percy piped up from where he was curled in an arm chair in the corner of the room. John had forgotten he was in there.
It had been almost four weeks now since John had first set foot in room twenty-one, and never had the skin-crawling cliché ‘don’t judge a book by its cover’ been truer.
Sherlock didn’t answer immediately, and in that one moment, John realised how close they were standing, so close that if he swayed forwards just a little he would be able to press his chest to Sherlock’s and feel his heartbeat. Feel whatever he was feeling. Feel that he was alive.
“Encore?” he called. The crowd replied enthusiastically. Sherlock turned and said something to Mycroft, who raised his eyebrows and left his seat. “Alright. But this is the last one, and it’s only short.”
Sherlock began to walk. John could see him. Down the right hand aisle, he was walking, violin raised to his chin. And though John could barely see his facial expression from that distance, he knew that Sherlock was looking him straight in the eyes.
Sherlock huffed and began to clamber down from his bunk, laptop (precariously) held in one hand, and climb the steps of John’s. John sat up and Sherlock settled in beside him, settling the laptop in the cradle of his folded legs. John showed him the message, and by Sherlock’s frown, he was having as much trouble deciphering it as John had had.
“Oh, I see,” John said. The tap ran and turned off; footsteps coming down the corridor. “You decent?”
But John, here. In his house. With his mess of a family. Sherlock felt the foreboding, the uncertainty, but he also felt the way the walls would be lit up by his smile. His feet on the floor that Sherlock had trodden since he could walk. John, here, under this roof, under his roof.
He shuddered as the duvet slipped from his shoulders as he stood up, hoping the drop in temperature would clear his head a little. He opened Sherlock’s sock drawer – all the pairs within were arranged very neatly in some sort of order John was too sleepy to try to decipher – and took out the thickest pair he could find.
John almost laughed, but then remembered why they were sitting where they were. “Oh, no, it was nothing like that – the earrings are amazing,” he said. Nadia smiled, and began to remove her plain studs and replace them with the jewellery in question.
The deputy head stepped out onto the stage, microphone in hand. The cheering that began was deafening, which made John laugh, because –
Sherlock waited up for mummy to come in and kiss him goodnight once she was done with Mycroft, but she left his brother’s room a lot later, and she just went straight to her and daddy’s bedroom without a word.
“Yeah, we’re fine,” John replied. “By the way, do you happen to know if there’s been a stomach bug going around or anything?”
John must have noticed this approaching stranger in the screen, as he turned his head around and greeted him. “Hey, Mike.”
“Oh,” Mike said. “That sucks. Have you eaten anything today? You might want to go to the san. Do you want me to t– ?”
John sat on the floor and unwrapped his parcels. The first was a black suit jacket and trousers. John considered it, felt the fabric. Then got up, took off his jumper and slipped the jacket on.
“We can’t tell anyone,” Sherlock said, but his eyes were trying to tell John something. John frowned, and Sherlock sighed. He beckoned John down from his bed. John complied, confused.
As his pulse began to lower, the sound of a car braking outside interrupted his thoughts. He was on his feet and at his bedroom window before he’d drawn his next breath.
“Sherlock, that would be lovely of you, how sweet of you to offer!” John said, and knew his friend would be rolling his eyes.
“What-?” Sherlock began, but John had one hand on the back of his head – making sure his index and middle fingers weren’t touching his hair – and was advancing towards his face with the other.
“Useless,” muttered Sherlock, rolling his eyes and striding out of the shop, the tinkling of the bell lessening the effect of his exit somewhat.
“I am aware of that, yes,” agreed Sherlock. He was scrolling through the next day’s weather forecast on his phone, until something collided rather painfully with his forehead and sent him sprawling backwards onto his bed. He located the offending missile – a tube of ‘Cadmium Red’ acrylic paint – and sat up.
He put a hand on John’s arm, just above the elbow. When John neither flinched away nor opened his eyes, Sherlock gripped tighter, until he could see, even in the strange half-light, that his fingertips were digging into John’s flesh.
“Well, I suppose this’ll have to do,” John sighed, passing a hand over his now genitalia-less but very pink cheek. “Shall we?”
John could feel the line between acknowledging and feeding becoming thinner. John knew each touch was a wave against the coastline, chipping away at soft sandstone. John wasn’t sure how much longer his defences would hold if he kept on like this. So, instead of leaning in to Sherlock’s space as they waited for Mike to key in the code to Doyle’s front door as he wanted to, John held himself still.
John walked over to Anderson, who was standing with Sally Donovan. They both had perturbed frowns on their faces.
He dragged the duvets into the living room. He had no further instruction, so he dumped them rather unceremoniously on the floor. There was the faint sound of a microwave purring coming from the kitchen, and Sherlock followed it.
“What?” Sherlock asked, carefully inserting the last pin. John thumbed the ridged dial gently – the film didn’t need to be wound. Perfect.
“Fine…” He conceded, and a great cheer went up, attracting the attention of the year nines who had been playing pool in the corner.
“Talking about me?” came a voice from the doorway, and John turned around to see Sherlock entering the room, carrying his violin and an expression that was deadpan save for the eyes, those eyes that held that familiar glint of humour that was so easy to miss if you didn’t know what you were looking for. But John had a compass, and the needle never wavered.
John had stood up at some point in the previous thirty seconds. He only realised now, as he felt with his free hand for the edge of the desk.
“The suprasternal notch,” he heard Sherlock return, and John was startled by the volume of his voice – he was almost whispering, as if there was something that was not to be disturbed.
“It’s your problem now, mate.” One of them – Dean, by his voice – shoved the few remaining bags at Sherlock, taking the one in Fitz’s hand and throwing that at him as well, before dragging his accomplice out of the cubicle, both of them pushing past Sherlock and running out of the bathroom, leaving the door to bang shut behind them.
Boots, scarf, coat, and wallet later, he was out of the door and turning around almost immediately to get some gloves.
John turned to Mrs Hudson. Her gaze was soft, knowing. Gentle. Above all things, gentle. So why did he feel so exposed?
Once all the boys had got into their pyjamas that evening and the sun had fallen under the horizon and all work for the day had been done (more or less), the sixth form migrated down to Lestrade’s kitchen.
The room was different in the light of day. It seemed less personal, airier. The cream of the walls and the brown of the wood made John think of coffee.
“Come in,” he called, and the door opened to reveal that new Lower Sixth, John Watson, the one who’d managed to get himself in the paper.
“Oh, will it? In that case, of course I’ll come, spend the day surrounded by idiots, that’ll be invigorating.”
John followed the sound of Sherlock’s footsteps, finding the staircase and taking it two steps at a time. By the time he got to Sherlock’s bedroom, Sherlock had his blazer and tie off and was trying to unbutton his shirt with trembling fingers.
John had been given permission to leave school for the day, to take the train down to London in the morning to see his therapist, then spend some time at home, and come back in the evening.
All the while, tossing and turning on top of his duvet, a small thought grew in the back of his mind. A small thought that, by one in the morning, wasn’t so small anymore and eclipsed all else.
John’s laughter subsided into chuckles and he straightened up. “Christ almighty, that was amazing. I wasn’t expecting you to do anything,” he walked over to Sherlock and stuck out his hand. The ‘pirate’ took it and John pulled him to his feet, grinning at him. “You made those little girls’ night, you know that?”
“I was just explaining to your family that today I’ll be giving them a Partially Deceased Syndrome one-oh-one – or, rather, you and I will, Sherlock, because you might know a little more than I do,” Tom joked.
Sherlock felt a smile tug at his mouth. “That ship sailed long ago,” he said quietly. He bit his lip, risking a glance at the boy next to him. John had his knees drawn up to his chest, head back against the tiles, eyes closed, breathing heavily.
“That’s what I like to hear.” He walked back over to the doorway. “Lights out now, guys. Goodnight,”
“I don’t know,” John said, and busied his hands. “Whenever dad came to one of my rugby matches at my old school he always used to arrive before the warm-up, and it was nice, so I just… I don’t know.”
He tried phoning him, but it went to the answer machine every time. He didn’t bother leaving messages.
The school filed into the assembly hall, a steady glacier flowing through the small doorway. John trod on the ankle of the boy in front of him by accident, and apologised with a smile when the boy had turned around.
“That’s weird. Okay.” He was rather glad he was sleeping with Sherlock, in that case – it would feel strange to be in Mycroft’s bedroom. It would feel like hugging the man. Unsettling. “Wait –
“None of your business,” Sherlock replied, equally quietly, opening his textbook and pretending to concentrate on the (
“Christ’s sakes.” Smith got up. “Still causing me grief in death, this little bugger is. Give me the file. I’ll do it if you’re so morally opposed to it.”
John had no answer, and they entered their room in a comfortable silence, Sherlock deep in thought. John kicked off his shoes and began changing into his Army uniform, which was a little tricky, seeing as Sherlock was pacing again and John had to keep moving out of the way. Blazer off, school trousers off, camo trousers on, jumper off, shirt off, brown undershirt on, camo jacket on, socks off, thicker socks on, one boot, second boo-
Daddy and the nurse were talking outside the room, framed in the pane of glass in the door. They were slightly off-centre, and it annoyed him. They had originally been trying to work out why he wasn’t speaking yet and had then got curious about the rest of him. Some words Sherlock didn’t understand had been thrown around, and he had heard daddy and mummy arguing about something called ‘sociopath’ lots of times, like it was a disease. He knew he wasn’t sick. He just didn’t want to talk to anyone. Daddy scared him, mummy was too overbearing, Mycroft… Mycroft tried. But Sherlock still didn’t speak to him.
Under John’s scrutiny, Sherlock dropped the requisite three heaped teaspoons of the mud-like powder into the hot milk and stirred until he could feel no more grit at the bottom of the mug.
As soon as the bell rang at the end of the lesson, John was on his feet and out the door before his teacher could bring up his digression. Luckily she seemed to have forgotten about it after her conversation with Moriarty, but he didn’t want to take any chances.
“All right, listen,” John said, sensing things were getting a little off-piste. “Why don’t we wait until we start rehearsing as a house to make these kinds of decisions, yeah?”
John opened his mouth and suddenly Harry was swept up in a story of kidnapping and drug dealing and housebreaking and of police and mystery and mayhem, and by the end of it both she and her mother were slack-jawed in disbelief.
“As long as I get to approve your music choice for the evening,” Sherlock conceded, and Viola smiled like a snake would at a rodent.
John laughed, and Harry even saw the smallest trace of a smile at the edges of Sherlock’s mouth, a ghost of the one she had been privy to on Halloween.
Sherlock wouldn’t let John clear up the mess he’d made on his own, so they worked together to strip Sherlock’s bed in silence. The bright morning light cast everything in harsh clarity: if Sherlock hadn’t been curled on his side, if John hadn’t been there or was a deeper sleeper or if Sherlock had eaten more at dinner the previous night -
Sherlock muttered a curse under his breath and began to toe off his shoes. John’s zip got stuck and it took a few tries before it slid down. He tugged the garment off just as Sherlock did the same, both boys discarding them on the floor.
am not listening to that.” He brought up his iTunes and found an album, pressed play, and sat back down again, going back to scrolling through the news.
John regarded Mike for a moment. “You know the funny thing,” he said, “we’re not actually together.”
“Release me and restore me to the ground. Thou seest all things, thou wilt see my grave: thou wilt renew thy beauty morn by morn.”
An hour and a half later, Eddie called the rehearsal to a close. Sherlock was at his wits’ end, complaining that ‘these people are basically tone deaf’ and that ‘we won’t even get tenth place at this rate’.
or he might split open. He looked at Sherlock, at his parted lips rambling through details of Mrs Hudson’s flat, of where he would put his science equipment and where John could sit and draw and write, smiling all the while, eyes flicking between John and the home he was building them in his mind.
“What’s up, Louis?” John asked, reaching out to help the boy, who then crawled in between him and Sherlock and curled onto his side and looked at John.
“Fine, fine,” John replied. Mike raised an eyebrow at him, so he reluctantly continued, “I’m just about finished with mine – ”
He heard the sound of the front door opening above his head and a brief, muted conversation. John was concentrating so hard on the rope and on trying to work out what was being said that he almost didn’t notice when Muhammad made a small sound. The boy was drowsily trying to open his eyes.
“Okay, everyone,” Eddie began, swallowing. “Thanks for being here. We’ve only got just over two weeks until we’re performing this in front of the school, so we’ve got a lot of work to do. Hopefully you’ve all heard the song by now, so you should have some idea of what we should all sound like, but, uh…”
and by sharing the video because holy shit it took weeks and weeks of work. I have been so excited for so long for you guys to watch it - I hope you enjoy it!
When the tempo started speeding up and the song approached the part where Sherlock had stood at the front of the stage, much to everyone’s horror, John turned to him.
Sherlock grumbled something affirmative and strode back across the foyer and into Lestrade’s house as John and Mike stealthily made their way upstairs.
“Hey, come on,” Victor followed him. “You didn’t even give me a blowjob for pulling that black out for you, and that was risky – ”
John listened to his roommate attentively. Sherlock rarely talked about his life before John met him, and therefore when he was in the mood to do so, John wouldn’t have stopped him for the world. But it seemed that at this juncture, Sherlock had nothing more to say, so John held up a plastic headband with bolts on either side above the ears, so that the wearer would look like Frankenstein’s monster.
John quickly found it and hooked the small desk lamps up to it, and then began positioning them rather close to Sherlock’s head, one on the left and one on the right.
“You know I can’t stand tardiness. I expect better.” Gregson looked suspiciously at John. “And who’s this?”
John laughed and went over to the radio on the windowsill. “No,” he pulled out the aerial. “Not until good old Liz kicks the bucket,” he mused, pressing a button.
“Tried to get my dad out of a brawl. Bad idea. Got stabbed by accident,” Greg whispered, a boy in Sherlock’s year who had come from the same school as Molly.
John furrowed his brows, thinking. “I told them you were in the playing in the house ensemble, but I suppose I mustn’t have specified what.”
John’s phone vibrated and lit up with a text, and as it went dark again, John saw his reflection in the screen and nearly laughed aloud at the deep, fretful frown on his face.
John grinned. “Ah, you got me. I was hoping it was going to be a surprise until the last minute. Come on,” and beckoned.
Sherlock tapped the side of his nose with his finger and John laughed, but quickly fell silent. They rounded the corner in pensive silence and stepped out onto the road. The morning was clear, the sky still a little pink, the grass sparkling with dew.
“God, you can be so spoilt sometimes,” John exclaimed, leaning down to pick up a pile of socks. “No;
As he pushed through the boys and started up the stairs, two at a time, he could hear hushed conversations breaking out below – their tones ranging from angry to disbelieving to resigned. He looked back and caught Mike’s eye – the boy mouthed one word to him:
“Likewise, Mrs Watson – and you must be Harry,” Mike was saying, shaking her hand, and Harry smiled at him. “But I’m afraid we really do have to leave you now. I’d love to talk with you later, though, after the match.”
“Hey, your heart’s going ten to the dozen,” John said, a little quieter, and the intimacy made Sherlock ache.
“Go back to sleep, John.” Sherlock’s voice cut through the dark. He was standing by the window, a towel in his hands. “It was only a dream. Go back to sleep, now, John. It’s alright.”
“Mm,” John agreed. “If only they would talk to each other instead of trying to out-man each other all the time. Then maybe they wouldn’t be so fucked up in the head.”
“I simply didn’t have anything to say to anyone,” he said after a pause, evidently seeing the questions behind John’s eyes. “They never really worked that out.” John wondered who
“Okay,” John said, positioning himself. “On the count of three? Percy, can you hold open the door to Mr Bradstreet’s house? We’ll put him in there.”
The sun was rising, the sky sliding from a delicate lilac to the disappointing blankness of the September day. Sherlock was lying on his bed, on top of the duvet, eyes open, studying the ceiling. He was already fully clothed in his school uniform.
“It’s a memory technique. You pick a place, real or of your own creation, and you store away information there so that it is quickly and easily accessible.”
He got started, the hot water spluttering out of the tap, trying to keep the noise down so as not to distract the musicians and get kicked out.
The two moved into the living room again, but John was in no mood to dance anymore. He flopped onto the sofa, Sherlock joining him. “Don’t get me wrong, they’re great friends when you’re in the mood for them, but they’re kind of… fair weather people.” Sherlock hummed, for once willing to listen, it seemed. “They don’t know about how dad died, just that he did, and – “
“No wonder Lestrade has a reputation for being the best housemaster in the school,” mused Sherlock pointedly, mouth full of something he’d retrieved from amongst the bugs. “If you’re already valuing him enough to put in your sketchbook.”
Sherlock could feel himself grinning back. He was always astounded by John’s ability to make him smile. He wasn’t entirely comfortable with it. It was disarming.
When he was nearly finished, his phone rang. He accepted the call without looking at the screen, presuming it to be Harry about to tell him to hurry up.
“Not a chance in hell, handsome,” Irene returned, looking at Sherlock again. Really looking. Something was off about the pair of them. “I have a school governor to fuck. But do inform me of your findings, won’t you?” She cocked her head to one side.
“There would be absolutely no point whatsoever, John. It would not accomplish a thing. God knows I’ve tried."
Boys were rushing to and fro, shouting to one another – “Do you have a spare house top?” “Can I borrow your shorts?” – and Lestrade was standing in the middle of it, seemingly talking to five boys at once.
“So, what do you want to do?” John asked, deftly stoppering the now-inflated mattress and laying a pillow and duvet on top of it.
“But I have to go and I don’t have the energy to send him away, so as long as he doesn’t cock things up, he’s welcome – just for today, you understand,” he said, shrugging on his coat and pushing past the two boys.
He sighed. “As nice as that title sounds, you might need proper stitches, I can’t do those. And you need to be looked over by a professional. Why don’t you want to go to the san?”
John shook his head. The phone rang again. John held out his hand, and Sherlock reluctantly gave it to him.
“Yeah, don’t be such a brat, Sherlock,” Henry repeated in the snide way only small children could. “Just because
Lestrade raised his glass in greeting, his other hand shoved, as always, in his trouser pocket. “Hello, Doc,” he returned, grinning conspiratorially like he had won something.
John supposed Sherlock was right. Remembering what he had said during their encounter in the town a few weeks ago, John realised Angelo was made incredibly vulnerable by his stereotypical projection of the manliness he probably thought, somewhere deep within him, that he was lacking.
“But his uncle obviously couldn’t stop him from being forced to chat to me,” John said, “Or - he might even be involved! We don’t know, so I just think we should check on him. Are you sure we can’t tell Lestrade? Or someone?” When he saw Sherlock’s face, he added, “I know, I know M said more people will die, but just tell someone that we’re concerned for Richie’s welfare, that there’s a possible child protection issue - ”
Content warning for alcohol abuse by minors and minors getting into inexplicit, blink-and-you’ll-miss-it sexual situations while under the influence. To learn how to avoid these parts, please go
The phone rang and rang, and John was suddenly terrified that he wouldn’t pick up. But he did, of course he did, and John couldn’t stop his words from gushing out in a torrent.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows. “You knew that, little brother. Don’t act as if you’re the victim here.”
“Clara says I have to come apologise to you,” she mumbled, not looking at him, but watching their mother sleep. Clara was on old childhood friend of Harry’s – they were inseparable and it was a given that she was at the Watson household most days of the week after school. John knew that that was as close to an actual apology Harry was going to get, and so reached out and pulled her onto the sofa with him, holding her close. Harry adjusted herself so she could see the telly but was still in John’s arms.
Sherlock said nothing. Because, of course, Victor was right. The reason Sherlock hated him so much was that his face - his pointy, wretched face - had become the face of his… habit. In his mind palace, Victor sat waiting for him in a room that Sherlock did not construct. He knew that room would never be knocked down; come falling trees or demolition balls it would remain for as long as Sherlock lived. And he hated it.
Sherlock’s house was a fifteen minute walk from school. By the time he’d reached the gates, he had heard three slurs muttered at him, and had been barged into twice.
He turned the handle and walked out into the corridor, despite every cell in his body telling him to go back go back go back go back to the voice that was calling his name as if he’d never say anything else ever again. John blocked it out.
John sighed. “It has taken me three days to get you here, a personal best for me, so the least you can do is humour me. Please?”
had updated their story to declare God Staunton found and that Sherlock Holmes claimed he was kidnapped.
John smiled. At that last text, and at everything else. He could hear his mother’s laughter downstairs, and Dave’s underneath. The sound of the roads around him were something, not that he’d missed, exactly, but something homely. He felt content. Not bursting with joy, but a contentedness that was lacking very little. But it was lacking. Lacking a baritone voice to go along with the messages on the screen, lacking sharp eyes softened by humour, lacking lanky limbs and messy hair.
Mycroft declined to join them for lunch, taking a plate of food back to his office, despite Mrs Hudson’s protests. The table felt empty in comparison to that morning, just Viola, John, Sherlock and Mrs Hudson seated rather than the mob of guests at breakfast.
“Holmes, Eddie sent me to get you for practise, you’re late,” came the voice of a stranger, the laptop microphone struggling to pick it up.
“I’m not five, John,” said Sherlock, trying to disguise a sharp inhale as the cleansing wipe came into contact with one of the cuts on his face.
Then, John heard Sherlock breathe an “Oh, no,” under his breath, and he turned to the entrance of the room to see Mycroft walking leisurely towards them.
As John was locating a suitable spoon, Harry came downstairs and poked her head into the kitchen, carrying a large overnight bag in the crux of her elbow.
“Because this time, you’re going into the world of the upper classes, John, and you must uphold the honour of the Watson name,” she said, and John couldn’t tell if she was joking or not. She fiddled with the lapels on his blazer. “This really fits you so well, you look very handsome.”
“The taste makes up for the lack of smell,” John laughed. He touched his mug to Sherlock’s. “Cheers, Sherlock. Here’s to a great New Year.”
Neither would remember, later, when they dropped off to sleep, but each would maintain that they outlasted the other.
“Of course, yes,” Harry’s mother said, fussing over the boys, telling them to go and have fun. Both boys smiled back at them, and John leant in and kissed Harry on the cheek, gave his mother one last squeeze, gripped Sherlock’s arm for just a second, the two exchanging a whole conversation in each other’s eyes, and then Mike dragged him away and he was gone.
And Sherlock began to dance. John stood, frozen in confusion, until Sherlock kicked him. He tried to work out what Sherlock was doing. Luckily, it was nothing too technical: Sherlock was simply moving his feet so as to make them sway to the music. John copied him, trying to fit his feet into the spaces where Sherlock’s weren’t, and they began to turn very slowly on the spot.
“You sound like a careers advisor, John,” Sherlock commented, looking back over the rugby field. “And that’s not a good thing.”
“That’s a fatal omission on your part,” Sherlock replied, drawing a few more lines before sitting back on his heels to consider his progress. When John moved a hand up to scratch at his cheek, Sherlock batted it away sharply, reprimanding, “Don’t smudge my masterpiece.”
He hadn’t felt so panicked by one for some weeks, however, and he could still feel himself shivering.
The man looked surprised to see them, but he held out his hand and smiled at them as if they were old friends.
“The mother is homophobic, hit the girl when she walked in on her and the girlfriend,” Sherlock elaborated sparingly, aware of Sarah behind John. “Let’s go.”
“I’m sorry, and thank you for everything, but I’d appreciate it if you didn’t come looking for me like this again. Bye, John.” Muhammad grabbed his books from where he’d put them down on the bench and turned away.
Miss Bailey lowered her voice, reluctance saturated in her stilted speech. “So as to – to make the other students more… more – ”
Sometimes it angered him, that he was careless enough to let it all slip out, but if he didn’t talk to her, she’d just put it down to unwillingness to acknowledge what had happened, and what was still happening, and that would just prolong the whole tortuous experience. And it had been going on way too long anyway.
“Oh yes, I remember now,” John knew she was lying. She got up from her chair as if she hadn’t done so in a very long time. “Tea?”
“No, we are fairly certain he is not,” Sherlock continued swiftly. “But we will have no way to prove it if we do not speak to him before the others do, and that would result in one of your prized props being almost immediately expelled – not a good thing for the big match next week, I should think.”
Finally, Sherlock straightened up and pushed open the door. They slipped inside and Sherlock tugged John away from the windows.
At Tower Hill, John and Sherlock didn’t have to look very far for Mycroft when they emerged into the sunlight. The crowd parted around him like a river around a rock.
“Hm. You don’t seem as stupid as the rest of them.” Sherlock said. “You might actually do quite well.”
Three in the morning; six hours until the school rose from its groggy slumber, the only lie-in of the week never satisfactory. Six hours in which Sherlock could well fall comatose. Six hours, then, in which John wouldn’t sleep. He’d already gone for seventy two, six more wouldn’t kill him. Hopefully it wouldn’t kill his roommate, either.
But that was immediately too much to think about and John dropped his arms and stepped out of their frame, looking away from those grey eyes.
“Everything happens for a reason but nothing is happening!” He’d exclaimed more than once, slapping the wall where he’d started a web of paper and thread, ideas winding across a huge map of the school. “I would know, I have my markers!”
“Yeah – or something like fitting, anyway,” Percy agreed, rather breathless from trying to keep up with Sherlock’s pace – John remembered when he had still been unaccustomed to it, and sympathised. “We didn’t want to come and get you at first, Ander- I mean, this kid said he could handle – ”
John sat down heavily on his desk. “Will you get to keep your other grades or will you fail all your exams?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. An acute irritation was rapidly growing somewhere, as the girl’s laughter grated against his skin. He and turned over and tried to fall back into a doze, but it was futile.
Sherlock was hovering behind him, a small smile playing on his lips, and Mrs Watson, after having kissed John until he’d started to whine, turned her attention to him.
“This is fantastic,” John commented to Sherlock, who hummed vaguely in reply, reaching for a jug of orange juice.
“He had come to visit me last night and had left this behind. I had a free this period so I came over to return it, and he had left some things on the floor, so I bent down to tidy them away for him when I saw it. Saw the circle. My roommate, Sarah, had mentioned you, Sherlock, said you were the friend of this boy she had been seeing – who turned out to be you, I guess, John,” she looked up at them both. “Said you liked mysteries and were the cleverest person she’d ever met and also the most infuriating, so I thought you might have some ideas. I was just going to find you when I bumped into you outside Frank.”
There was already a duvet and pillow on his bed, no doubt provided by the school, but without duvet or pillow covers, which John had been instructed to bring from home. He unzipped his suitcase, found both of those items, clambered up onto his bed and, with a great deal of cursing under his breath, realising choosing to do this most undignified of tasks in the company of his new peers probably wasn't a wise move, managed to wrangle his old, navy blue pillow and duvet covers into position.
“I could fall asleep right here,” he said, and Sherlock could feel nothing except the warmth of John’s forearms where they rested on his legs.
“Thanks,” Sherlock said, sitting up and allowing John to slide the pillow onto the top of the fridge. Sherlock heard his friend settling back on the floor as he leaned backwards, assuming his earlier position. The blood rushed back to his head, the muscles in his back stretched, his hair fell off his forehead, and John began to sketch.
“And you must be David,” John replied, grinning and extending his own. The man had a firm grip, but not too firm – his father used to say that people with good handshakes were ones to trust. “It’s good to finally meet you.”
They bickered for a bit, and Sherlock soon forgot that he was only wearing a pair of pyjama bottoms, the cool air no longer feeling like paint stripper on his skin in its foreignness.
As the train pulled away, he took out his phone. Harry had finally replied, asking if he was ‘there’ yet, wherever ‘there’ was meant to be. He updated her, then considered sending another text to Sherlock, but didn’t.
Sherlock on any other day would have rolled his eyes, and John wished he did, but he just took the offered socks and began to put them on.
Since Sherlock’s first moment of confusion on Thursday night, there had been several more over the weekend. It would have been barely noticeable to anyone who didn’t pay him the amount of attention John did, but Sherlock had paused in a long, rambling monologue on Friday, having forgotten a word. On Saturday, between bouts of vomiting, he had described something that had happened a week previously as having happened that morning. On Sunday, John had returned from the shower to find him putting his uniform on and had looked genuinely surprised when John had told him there was no need. Sherlock himself had seemed entirely aware of and unperturbed by these minute lapses, asking John what his face looked so worried about. John had tried to laugh his worry off along with his friend, but with little success.
. “Lestrade had some friends over recently, and I’m sure some of them drank more than he’d realised,”
Along with the clapping, John heard an undercurrent of murmuring, and he remembered Mike telling him of their victory in the previous year’s competition.
“It was my pleasure,” Sherlock said, and there was nothing appeasing or automatic about his response. As much as he would have liked to remain in John’s arms until the sun had set and the earth had stopped spinning and the sky had gone dark, he knew the Watsons were waiting to speak with John. So he said, “Speaking of your mother and Harry…”
“Nah,” he concluded lightly after a moment of thought, before returning the violin to its home underneath his pale chin once more.
“You’re welcome,” John replied, grinning. Then he laughed. “Bloody Nora, I can’t stop thinking about it –
John’s mother was saying something about Harry’s language and then another thing that sounded like a greeting so John returned it shakily.
to change. John knew it would be incorrect to assume he would never use again, but that did not stop pride from bursting in him.
The pages were filled with his scrawling hand writing, detailing experiments and cases and ideas and reminders.
On that note, I hope you and your loved ones are safe, well, and coping okay-ish with current circumstances. I know that you come from all over the world, from all walks of life, and that each one of you will have your own issues to be dealing with right now. But I hope this chapter, although perhaps not the most cheery, was able to provide a little distraction. We are all facing a time of major uncertainty right now, but I hope you can find some constancy and community here. If you are bored or looking for something to keep you from reading and re-reading bad news, I recently found online a documentary that I watched a few years ago on television that may be of interest to you all. It follows the lives of the boys in a boarding house in Harrow, one of the UK's most well-known (read: expensive) boarding schools. I was struck when re-watching it how similar it is to how I have envisioned Doyle and St. Bart's in this story, so if you'd like a little more insight into the sorts of lives John and Sherlock lead in this story, or simply an entertaining look at how the 1% live, I will leave the links at the end of this message.
In the porch were two flickering hurricane lamps, sitting on benches that ran parallel to each other and perpendicular to the house. The door itself was large and looked like it belonged on a church. John searched around for a knocker, but found a simple doorbell instead, which he rang.
They crunched onto the gravel drive, and John felt his stomach twist in something he could only label as nervousness. The house was grand and old, the turning circle packed with parked cars. There was a large pine tree in the middle of said turning circle, looking like a huge Christmas tree in the way that it was draped with lights.
John groaned in what Sherlock assumed was frustration. He turned to the taller boy, pointing a finger at him. “Look, Sherlock, I am taking – what?”
Sherlock said something to him that sounded scathing but John couldn’t get even a glimmer of meaning from it, which set him off again, feeling tears of laughter forming.
Irene led the boys around the bike sheds, down an alleyway between two buildings, and stopped in the middle of a small courtyard.
It was humid and stuffy inside the swimming pool hall. John had arrived a little late due to Mike having been asleep when John had come to find him so they could walk down together. After having woken him up and half-jogged down to the sports facilities, John was already sweating a little when he opened the door onto a wall of noise and heat.
“See, John’s a centre, which means he tackles, sets up space, and makes runs,” she said, pointing with a mittened hand. “Whereas Mike, the hooker, has a really crucial role in scrums and line-outs. Looking at him, I wouldn’t have expected him to be one, but you never know. Maybe he comes from a rugby family. You have to be quite skilled, you see.”
John was surprised. He’d never been to a swimming competition before, so this was completely unexpected. The only sound was the lapping of the water against the sides and the hum of the machinery. John wanted to hold his breath, lest it disrupt whatever was happening here.
Sherlock started for the door, but turned back. “John, I need my syringe from house, can I trust you to maintain the crime scene in my absence?”
John grabbed Sherlock’s hands and pulled him to his feet. Sherlock stumbled into John, who gripped his hands and swung his arms. “
Clara scrutinised him for a second, then stood up and walked out of the room, only a little unsteadily.
He returned to the living room to find Sherlock sitting on the floor applying eyeliner to himself in the borrowed mirror.
So Sherlock stood where he was, and tried to concentrate on the game, but it was as if the players were now shouting at him in a language he didn’t understand. He simply watched the scoreboard as Boscombe’s score went up and up until it was equal to Bart’s. Bart’s scored. Boscombe scored. Bart’s. Boscombe. It appeared the game had reached a stalemate, exhaustion and injury wearing both teams down.
, come on Sherlock!” John said, and Sherlock glared at him. But John kept singing at him, grinning like he’d never been happier, and Sherlock couldn’t help but hum along.
“I hear you set a new record for yourself by pissing off your teacher in just twenty five minutes this morning,” prompted John with a smirk.
Sherlock put a nut into his mouth and bit down, the sweet outer layer giving way to the earthier centre. He felt a tap on his arm, and when he looked at John, it seemed that his friend had done the same, but with such an absurdly huge quantity of nuts that he looked like a chipmunk, storing food in its cheeks, and Sherlock informed him of this in no uncertain terms.
His biro was particularly suited to capturing Sherlock’s straggly, unwashed curls, showers having been forgotten along with food. Sherlock didn’t smell, luckily – he had told John once that he made a point of never sweating unless he had to; it was somehow beneath him. John smiled at the memory.
John fetched a pair from the bottom of the wardrobe. “We don’t generally put the heating on up here, unless it’s really cold,” he explained, chucking Sherlock the socks and going back to the foot pump.
Sherlock’s eyes caught on John’s hand. There was some bruising around the knuckles, but it was otherwise clean. The person on the other end had been living, then. Sherlock had expected to see cover-up smeared across his hands.
A vague memory of the evening air being diced by rotor blades, the heavy chunks of it falling accusingly onto the gathered crowd in the garden watching the air ambulance fleeing from the rooftop, and Eddie understood.
“She hasn’t misplaced it at all, John, that’s the mysterious thing. She was working here when I first came to this school, and I have never seen her without that necklace. For some reason, it must carry a great deal of sentiment for her, and she stopped wearing it in the middle of last week. A woman like her, so set in her dull routines as she is, would not simply lose track of something so precious to her overnight.”
He had looked at his lap as the hairs on the back of his neck stood to attention, and the cold, it must have been the cold, made him shiver.
John sighed and put the glasses down on the coffee table and Sherlock felt two hands gripping his ankles and lifting his legs up. John sat down where Sherlock’s feet had been and laid said feet across his lap.
Sherlock didn’t reply to that, and they both watched as a small patch of dark appeared to move along the road towards the assembly hall, and after a second they caught wild singing on the wind.
“Boys! Boys!” Lestrade called as John moved to go into the common room. He turned around to see his housemaster standing a few steps up the staircase. The boys eventually settled down, looking up at him. “Just before you go to bed, I would like to thank you all for being so co-operative. You really made mine and Eddie’s lives easier, and thanks to your hard work, I think Funke will be kissing our arses come next week when the results are announced, if you’ll excuse my French,”
He dragged in breath after heaving breath, and with each exhale came a sound like breaking. He fell back onto his pillow and buried his face in it, and he was suffocating but he didn’t care.
John considered his friend. “I’m not sure the person who put me in a bomb had such pure intentions,”
“No, I didn’t sext him; no, I never received a dick pic; no, I never sent him one,” John interrupted. “I had a lot of trouble sleeping back then, sometimes I wouldn’t sleep for days. So did he, so we just used to talk a lot at really weird times when no-one else was awake. It was comforting to have someone there when I couldn’t really talk to anyone else. He was one of the first people I told my GCSE results to, after my family, of course.
After finding a seat, John got a glimpse of the field on the other side of the tracks – it was covered in snow, thick and untouched.
It was a Saturday evening, and John was trying to do some maths homework without passing out. His eyes were burning and rubbing them only made them sting more. The symbols on the page before him swam and merged and blurred, and John put his head in his hands and sighed.
Mrs Hudson made a disapproving sound with her tongue. “Don’t be silly. As long as you’re alright, love,” she said, bending down to stroke his cheek.
He turned back to his bag, grabbing his water bottle and turning his attention to the sky again as he gratefully swallowed down the icy liquid. It cleared his head a little. In his lessons recently his day dreams had been turning to the last Saturday of the term. In them, his family would somehow bother to come to Bart’s to pick him up, and would be just in time to see him play the final game of the season. His dad would have been so proud of him. He imagined the whistle blowing on their victory, imagined that shamelessly proud smile he had seen way too seldom on his father’s features. But it was useless to imagine such things, he told himself, for obvious reasons. He had thought about inviting Sherlock to see him play, but the look on his hypothetical friend’s face when his hypothetical self had asked had been enough to make John cross that option off the list entirely.
When Sherlock got back in the car after John had entered the station, turning one last time to wave before disappearing from sight, Mrs Hudson smiled at him.
With an electronic beep, the centuries-old door gave to his shove and John was welcomed back into Doyle with a pauper’s fanfare of distant yelling, dreadful music, and the smell of Lestrade’s dinner cooking. He jogged up the grubby stairs two at a time, one flight, turn, another, turn, open a door, down the Lower Sixth corridor, into room twenty one.
“But there’s my roommate, and Mike, and Ollie’s pretty nice, and Molly, and Sarah, and all the guys in my house are pretty friendly, really.”
Eddie stood up and made a very pointed speech about the looming house singing competition – recognising that not everyone was going to be happy with the decisions made, but emphasising that it was going to be a team effort and sometimes that would mean sacrificing one’s personal beliefs for the good of the house – before handing out lyric sheets.
John moaned into Sherlock’s mouth, eagerly taking advantage of the opportunity to slip his tongue within. Sherlock sucked on it as he dug his fingers into John’s nape to hold him in place. Their faces were wet, and their heated kisses even more so, but neither cared. They kissed as though they had nothing left to lose, and no more time to waste.
John shook his head, raising a hand to forestall any further outbursts. He swayed a little and sat heavily on the coffee table. He cleared his throat. “Well, that was…”
John’s brows knit together. “Uh, well, I’m just going to give her her lunch and let her have a nap. Not terribly exciting.” He turned to Sherlock. “Not sure you’ll want to stick around for that.”
“No sign of you yet, little bean,” John said softly, patting his belly. “And still no sign of morning sickness, either. Thanks for that, by the way.” He considered this for a moment. “Maybe Mrs. H is right. Maybe you are a girl.” He chuckled. “Either way, you’ll be brilliant.”
“Yeah, well, he laughed and joked all night,” Lestrade recalled. “And he had one beer. One. Honestly, I've never seen him like that. Not since I've known him. I mean, he's always been easy enough to get on with, but then there was also a kind of weight to him, you know? Like something was eating away at him.”
Unfortunately, as John’s comfort level grew, Sherlock’s diminished. He couldn’t help but think of the evening to come. He was looking forward to touching John and more kissing and possibly some other things he’d Googled while John was in the shower. He understood the mechanics well enough. Still, there was no way of getting around it—he’d never really done any of it before. He had no way of knowing how he would respond.
Sherlock wrapped his free arm around John’s waist and held on. Eyes drooping, he surrendered to the feel of John’s hand in his hair.
Sherlock burst through the door to the sitting room, his long grey wool coat swirling around him. He was as graceful and elegant as he had ever been—lean, restless, energetic. A force of nature.
Minutes later, tears nearly abated, Greg sighed and shook his head. “Well, I guess I have a lot to think about. And a lot to do.”
“I remember, Sherlock,” he whispered. “So now you have to wake up. I-I have no idea what we’re going to do, but you have to wake up.”
“Of course you are, poor lamb. What am I thinking, offering you such a hard chair? Why don’t you go and get comfortable in that lovely lounge and I’ll bring you something to drink.”
He’d begun knocking, patiently at first. He’d considered banging on the bathroom door, but that felt…odd. He’d called both their names, and re-checked his phone.
“Sometimes.” John could not tell her how much he had come to love the sound of the man’s voice. How the elegant softness of the accent and the warm, whiskey-soaked timbre of the rich baritone drew him in. The voice comforted John, when by all rights it was he, as the doctor, who ought to be doing the comforting.
Greg flushed. “We, uh, we haven’t discussed much about that,” he started shakily. “We’re just trying to focus on the baby right now.”
“But—” John groped for understanding. “You said you were married to your work. You never seemed to want anything like that from anyone. Certainly not from me.”
John hummed happily, deep in his throat, and tightened his fist in Sherlock's curls. Sherlock whimpered again and shifted closer, pressing his aching cock into the side of John's thigh.
“She is.” John stood and walked the few steps that separated them. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “She works very hard and no one could ever call her stupid. But she is not like you—she doesn’t have that kind of cleverness. And she is not as restless as I am. She doesn’t need adrenaline. She hates it, actually.”
A delivery lorry was parked outside and workers in coveralls were coming and going. There were several very large furniture boxes still on the pavement and Mycroft’s PA was on hand to direct traffic. She was joined shortly by Mrs. Holmes, who seemed to be giving some orders of her own.
In quiet moments at the safe house during their hiatus, with Sherlock still “dead,” they had managed to work through most of their issues related to Sherlock’s deception and the trauma John and Kit had suffered as a result. There had been tears and some shouting, though John had never made good on his warning of a possible punch.
“I want you to feel good,” John growled, dropping his head until their brows met. “I want you to burn and shiver and shake and come. I want you to come all over yourself. Like...like....”
John sat on the edge of the bed; booted feet still planted on the floorboards, and leaned back onto his elbows. “Go on, then.”
Sherlock pulled John into the plane of his own body and dropped his chin to John’s shoulder. He was very quiet for a few minutes. John stroked his back and waited.
“I think the shirt needs to be a different size,” John suggested, shifting to get comfortable on the hard bench. There hadn’t been anywhere for him to sit while he was waiting, so one of the clerks had offered to bring the bench from the front of the store. And he was very grateful. They’d been walking for some time in search of the perfect thing for Greg to wear to meet his baby’s grandparents for the first time, and John’s hips were beginning to ache.
“Do you really want me to forget that you told me you loved me? In front of Michael Bennet and the entire film crew?”
“But this wasn’t just me,” Sherlock interrupted sharply. “John was the one who put the clues together. He recognized the significance of what we found!”
So for a couple of weeks, they'd experimented with holding hands, greeting each other with chaste pecks and long, fierce hugs accompanied by mutual deep sighs of relief. Next, they'd graduated to a little cautious exploration—shirts off and permission granted for fingers and lips to connect with bare flesh where they would. John had always been a little ticklish, so he'd had to apologize several times during this part of their journey, for unnerving his skittish, virginal partner.
He sat heavily in the empty seat next to him. It was probably for the best. In his current frame of mind, there was little point in returning to his miserable little room. There was nothing there for him but an invitation to stay with his sister in Yorkshire (a bleak prospect as they’d never got on), a copy of
He turned and glanced at John over his shoulder; his doctor winked at him. Sherlock smiled back and continued on to the spot where Lestrade was speaking with the boy who had been kidnapped.
Sherlock was interrupted by the arrival of the morning shift change. The nurse clucked over Sherlock, shooing John from the room so she could give the patient a thorough going over. Fifteen minutes later, she finally emerged and held the door for John to go back in.
The young man seemed to digest this for a moment before turning what had to be the clearest turquoise eyes John had ever seen back in his direction.
John’s mouth had fallen open. He blinked helplessly for a few minutes. Sherlock began to panic as the silence grew.
John put his phone away and reached out to usher Greg toward the door. “Come on. He’s upstairs with Sherlock and Kit.”
They drove in silence for a few minutes until finally Sherlock felt compelled to speak. “I…appreciate you coming.”
Sherlock sat in his chair—a modern Danish affair in dark brown leather they had purchased the year before—and crossed his legs. He glanced at the smoldering fire and tapped his long fingers against the armrest.
John stood and smoothed his loose-fitting white t-shirt over his belly. He smiled a little at the thought of the life growing there. He had never imagined that he would want to give birth to or raise children, but now he couldn’t imagine his life any other way. He smiled at himself in the mirror before opening the door to join his family.
Sherlock turned to look into John’s face. “Mary is happy for you to help raise the child. She doesn’t know you know about David. And he doesn’t appear to be around.”
The stranger turned narrowed eyes on him. “You’re thinking. It’s annoying.” He glanced back to the door they were approaching. “Ah, this is it!”
Sherlock rocked into him, bottoming out against his rounded bum. “There,” he soothed, reaching around to fondle John’s cock.
“I-I realize that this was beyond the usual scope of your practice,” Sherlock started. “I’m sorry to have put you in this position. I won’t trouble you at your clinic again. I’ll have my file transferred to another physician.”
“I do not believe I am hearing this,” Johns growled. He stalked to the desk, his body rigid with indignation. He pointed a finger right in Mycroft’s face, mere inches from his nose. “YOU do not EVER speak my mate’s name again. Not in my presence, which after today should be pretty easy because I’m telling you right now to stay the hell away from me and my son!”
“I was grieving,” John cut in sharply. “I was out of my head with grief and guilt.” He swallowed hard on the bile that was threatening to rise. “I know that isn’t an excuse, but that’s what I—it’s what was driving me. It was so wrong. I was so wrong. I didn’t deserve what Mary did to me. You didn’t deserve what Mary or I did to you. None of us deserved Eurus…”
“He’ll be fine,” Sherlock snapped, drawing his brother’s knowing look. Sherlock shrugged. “I-I don’t know how long he’ll sleep, but…look, can you just take him home and make it look, I don’t know—like some kind of alcohol thing?”
“No!” John exclaimed, laying a restraining hand on Sherlock’s thigh. “Not at all—please don’t think that. I — ” John looked down at where his hand was resting. Sherlock did, too. The hand lingered, perhaps for a moment too long, before John removed it. He met Sherlock’s eyes. “We should talk about it. The…thing.”
Sherlock chuckled softly and pressed kisses into John’s hair as he rocked them together. John’s fingers moved immediately to Sherlock’s bottom, kneading and grasping the taller man’s body as tightly as he could to his own.
John peered at his renewed bondmate from beneath the pillow. Sherlock was standing in the doorway to their bedroom, still in his dressing gown and carrying a steaming mug of coffee. “WHY are you right here? I thought I was going to get to sleep in today?”
Mary clasped his hand between both of her own. “It’s a real privilege. I hope we’ll have the chance to chat a bit more about your work with gender dysphoria. And I’d love to hear more about your family.”
He burst out laughing. Sherlock stared, confused, as John doubled right over and howled. He was clutching his gut, snorting like a schoolboy at a joke about breaking wind.
John had long suspected that someone in government kept Mycroft's number for emergencies. Undoubtedly, he enjoyed work he could do from his comfortable office at Musgrave, having finally succumbed to the corpulent reality of Sherlock's endless dietary digs.
Sherlock grinned back, comfortable in John’s acceptance and affection. He dropped his pants and hurriedly tugged on a pair of jersey pyjama bottoms. “But we’re safe now?”
“Right,” Sherlock said. He shook his head—a quick snap to the side as though trying to regain his equilibrium. He cleared his throat. “I’m going to just…”
He shaved again and redid his hair. He considered (just for a moment) brushing it back as it had been when Rosie was born, but changed his mind. He liked the look well enough, but it carried too many bad memories.
“For god’s sake!” John snapped at his alpha, taking the washable (thankfully) felt-tip pen from Kit’s hand. “Come on, sweet boy. Let’s get you washed up.” He lifted the toddler into his arms and turned back to point at his mate. “You!”
John rolled to his side so they were face to face. “If I were a betting man, I would agree that Kit will present as an alpha.”
Sherlock gazed at him with heavy lidded eyes. His lips had been kissed pink and were a little parted as he panted his need. “J-john. Feels soooooo-oh good.”
Mary rolled her eyes. “I was SO sick of the pair of them. And with Magnussen sniveling in the corner, it seemed so pointless to just wound Sherlock. Still, he did survive.”
An answering howl of pain stuck in John’s throat as he lurched forward to bury his face in the side of Sherlock’s neck. He grasped Sherlock’s hand in a painful grip and held there—eyes squeezed shut, lips pressed into warm flesh, unsure whether the tears he could feel were Sherlock’s or his own.
Mycroft was so very clever, and yet in matters of human interaction there was so much he didn’t understand.
The words escaped Sherlock’s lips before he could call them back. Every nerve ending in his body was tingling as John stepped through the door to the sitting room. In desert camouflage.
?” Sherlock enquired. “How do you manage to fit into your suits when I know you’re still eating pain au chocolat every morning?”
He and Sherlock belonged together. That was all there was to it. This was a rough patch. According to every form of media available, every marriage had them. They would get through it.
“An admirable attempt,” Sherlock said, his tone gentle but disapproving. “But your cheeks are very pink for someone who has been eating his vegetables.”
Sherlock undid the button at each cuff and slowly, deliberately, eased his shirt down over his arms.
He drove directly to the trust’s main supply centre, next to the hospital. He worried a little about the patients he’d left behind, but Mycroft had assured Sherlock that the man they left in his place would be an excellent physical match
“But…” John stepped forward as Sherlock slid the door bolt free. “We’ve just…met…and now we’re going to look at a flat together?”
Nearly dizzy with want, Sherlock made a sound of disappointment as John finally withdrew. He looked up at John, mouth still open, silently pleading to be allowed more. The lovely tang and salt on his tongue, the musky smell of John in his nostrils.
He stood and reached back in an effort to haul Sherlock to his feet. Sherlock had been more than a little tipsy when he’d fallen asleep. With that and being as sleepy as he was, he was hopelessly clumsy. He stumbled forward into John.
“There are,” John said cheerfully. “One of them is particularly good — an injection given once every three months. It’s nearly as effective for alphas as the oral heat suppressants are for omegas.”
an idiot. So am I, but you know that,” John rumbled. “The point is, Sherlock, I love you. I’ve always loved you. It’s always been you for me, too. Always will be. Don’t you know that by now?”
“PLEASE!” Sherlock reached for him, desperate to feel John’s body against him. He grasped biceps and tugged until John was sprawled over him and kissing him.
“He insisted he didn’t want to get involved, but that it was for my benefit. That he didn’t want Lestrade losing focus on the work fretting about where his alpha was.”
Emily nodded again and clambered down from the window bench, easily slipping her hand into his as they walked toward the stairs.
He’d first connected with DI Lestrade three years earlier, at a drugs bust. His own. Or rather, he had been present at the drug den when Lestrade’s people had raided it. Lestrade had been intrigued by Sherlock’s surprisingly lucid rantings about the men they should actually be looking for. When Sherlock had cleaned up and made himself respectable, Lestrade had sought him out. By then the DI had moved to Major Crimes, which suited Sherlock very well. Sherlock had offered his assistance on a particularly perplexing series of abductions. They’d been working together ever since.
Fortunately, it did not take much longer to reach their destination. John clambered up onto the bed he had not yet shared with Sherlock, relinquishing Sherlock’s lips only just long enough to realize that the man had not, in fact, been deterred from his thoughts at all.
The sobs settled somewhat to hiccoughing; John patted the infant’s back and let his cheek rest on the downy head.
“I can imagine you would, with everything that’s going on up there.” John leaned in and pressed a gentle kiss to the base of Sherlock’s long neck. He nuzzled there. “What were you thinking about?”
“I remember,” Mycroft said with a faint smile. “Please keep me informed of Kit’s progress, and do let me know if you need anything.”
“What’s all this?” Sherlock asked, helping Kit out of the car. He reached back to take Drew in his car seat from John.
He stopped at last near his door and pulled out his ticket. He shifted his pack once more, waiting for the announcement. Some of the other passengers had begun to filter out from the lounge, and their conversations and holiday plans rolled over him as they began to gather in their small units around the spot where he was standing.
Sherlock held John’s hand firmly, fingers entwined. He was feeling ever so slightly sentimental as he contemplated the simple titanium band around John’s left ring finger—an exact match for the one on his own hand. “Would it make you feel better if I told you that we are estranged?”
The bell rang again and John groaned. If he didn’t answer it, his neighbours would be banging on the walls. He was on his way to the intercom when there was the sound of a fist against the door.
“She’s always been happy,” Sherlock replied thoughtfully. He was ignoring John’s hand slipping between the strands of his salt-and-pepper hair. It was still curly, though considerably less fussy than it used to be. Less product, too, which John enjoyed.
"John, it's late. You should go to bed and get some rest. Everything is fine. I promise." He stopped beside John's chair and pressed a hasty kiss into the top of John's head. "Go on."
“Jesus, you feel so good.” John pulled out and then thrust back in, knitting his middle finger to the first as he did.
In truth, he’d already walked every inch of Baker Street — in fits and starts — since his release from hospital. The doctors had told him he needed to exercise his leg anyway, and when he’d realized how close the convalescent home was, he’d taken every opportunity to explore the street so tied to his memories of Sherlock Holmes.
John shuddered at the idea, rubbing over the fraenulum of the pulsing member in his hand. “Oh, fuck, yes.”
“Well, yes,” Mary snapped. “Do try and keep up. Look, are we just about done with true confessions, because we have a plane to catch.”
Sherlock’s cock twitched at the contact of John’s palm with his nipple through the thin silk shirt. He gasped, blinking as John pulled back a little to check on him.
“No,” John said. “No, I don’t think so. Okay, I’ll admit I don’t understand why he keeps some of this stuff. Yeah, there’s the fridge and honestly you should have seen the boxes when we moved in. Of course, those were mostly from his parents’ attic—he’d lost a lot of his things in a fire...” There was a bit of a pause. Sherlock could almost hear John pursing his lips. “Never mind. But the painting is interesting, and you have to admit it is pretty relevant to Sherlock’s work.”
“Shh,” Sherlock said, rubbing over John’s back. “There’s no time for pills. I’ll take care of it this time. I’m not in rut. Everything will be fine.”
“Your new home—221B Baker Street. It’s in the heart of London, close to everything. You’ll love it.”
John released the wall and scrabbled for Sherlock’s other arm. Sherlock slid into him, almost groaning with the satisfaction of it. He eased his wobbly legged friend up against his side and wrapped an arm around his waist. John crumpled a little, letting Sherlock bear his weight.
“No, that’s fine. They’re used to seeing either myself or Dr. Patel, and I don’t want to inconvenience anyone.”
“I’m sorry,” John murmured. He pressed his lips to the ruined skin covering the upper curve of Sherlock’s left pectoral. “I wish I had been able to do more.”
Sherlock watched him for a moment, ensuring that his breathing was even and that there were no other adverse signs as a result of the drug. He waited — to see if John would rouse and shout about the experiment and the shag and the…other thing.
“There, I’ve sent my report,” Sherlock rumbled, leaning in near John’s upturned face until their noses were nearly touching. “And now,” he replied with a grin, “We get something to drink. Tea?”
The glass canopies of the old Victorian train shed were brightly lit against the dark of the night sky. Here and there whistles sounded, calling for travellers headed home to Bristol or Cardiff after a weekend in London. The shops and ticket counters were closed, and the usually crowded concourse was nearly deserted.
“I know,” Sherlock said softly. He was ensconced on the sofa, laptop in place. “I just don’t see how moping will help with any of it.”
Warm hands dragged over Sherlock’s buttocks once more. “Shhhhh. I’ll be fair, I promise. But you need to be taught a lesson, don’t you?”
John’s appearance had altered very subtly with his pregnancy. Now, at nearly seven months, his belly had begun to really fill out, but he looked much the same as when they’d met. Only slightly more attractive, in Sherlock’s considered opinion.
Now, though, as Sherlock was crouched over yet another corpse, John could sense something was different. Something was wrong.
“You are an atrocious liar. Never going to make it all the way until tonight. How on earth have you kept it from him since…Monday?”
John spied the passenger in question immediately, of course. He was a tallish bloke; lean with dark hair and fair skin. He wore a long wool coat that billowed out behind him a little as he paced beside his escort into the sterile grey holding room that comprised secondary inspection of Heathrow Airport immigration and customs. John approached, listening to the conversation between the passenger and the young woman who’d brought him through from the main passport inspection point.
“He’s fine, I’m sure,” Mycroft said. “Mary received her instructions via a download to her vehicle’s sat nav. She’s on the move.”
“There wasn’t time to have it painted,” Sherlock said, gesturing at the room. “But I thought…if Emily were to…visit…”
Sherlock stared at John for some time. Finally, he licked his lips and said, “I was surprised, but not uncomfortable.”
Sherlock listened and watched Drew for a moment. The baby turned to smile at him and Sherlock grinned back.
Sherlock realized he’d almost come to a stop in the middle of the second flight of stairs. ”Sorry. Right, yes.”
“It does, yes. I know that’s very important for you both. Why don’t you take some time and have a bit of wander on your own and then we’ll meet up again out front?”
The female clerk returned then, a grey cashmere cardigan shot through with silver thread in her hand. She passed it to Jeremy with a polite smile and disappeared.
Sherlock's body jerked and his back arched as he came, and—as promised—a stream of milky liquid oozed from his tip, out and over John's hand, making a lovely, puddled contrast with his dark pubic hair. Sherlock strained as his body pulsed. John eased off a little, but continued to stroke him through his orgasm, whispering endearments into his lover's cheek.
“And finding out that you are partners in life as well! That was just…wow.” She shook her head. “We do get the odd same-sex couple now and again, but to have such a famous pair on our program is just so exciting.”
“Oh,” John breathed, hands halting in the middle of preparing the sterile solution for the bandages. He peered at Sherlock, not wanting to leap to any conclusions but somehow desperate to know. “Right. So…”
“I’m exhausted, if you really want to know,” John snapped. His voice was taut; it looked as though he was struggling to hold on to the last thread of his dignity. “He cries for hours at a time, though whether that’s just from the teething or more colic I don’t know. He only sleeps through the night about half the time. And I’m still spotting because my alpha died in front of me and left me with a broken bond that sent me into early labour.” John was breathing hard now. “Is that what you wanted to hear? Is that why you’ve been popping ‘round to visit? Is that the agenda for this little meeting? Because I really don’t have the time. I had to ask Mrs. Hudson to stay with the baby when your minions showed up to ‘invite’ me for a ride.”
“I don’t, that is I am—” Sherlock started awkwardly. “I am trying to be more aware, but I don’t seem to be learning very quickly.” He cleared his throat, dropping his gaze to the floor. “I don’t want you to be disappointed in me.”
John’s temper flared. He’d had just about enough of people telling what he wanted or needed. “I want the bloody answers, you daft prick,” he snapped. “You owe me this. I’ve been played enough, don’t you think?”
“Ah, well then, that’s the reason,” Sherlock nodded and turned his gaze out the taxi window. He gave a half-hearted wave to Mrs. Hudson, still standing on the pavement outside the register office with Lestrade, Molly, John’s receptionist, Lucy, and John’s old friend Dr. Stamford. “You should wave goodbye to our friends, John. They came all this way just to sit through what turned out to be a very tedious bonding ceremony.”
“Perhaps in time, you might…” John’s brain stuttered to a stop and he lifted his eyes to meet Sherlock’s. “What did you say?”
“Yeah, I had a feeling about Kit,” John said. He handed the picture back. “So what brings you today? Case? Sherlock will be overjoyed. He’s insufferably bored this week.”
Major Hastings looked conflicted. “I can’t leave you behind on your own. Reinforcements will be going straight to the front and the medical team will be at least another day getting into place.”
John captured Sherlock’s mouth with a groan. Sherlock opened for him instantly, welcoming John’s tongue with his own. The kisses were desperate and wet.
John continued into his office/exam room and closed the door behind him. He retrieved his gun from his shoulder bag and slipped the weapon into the back of the waistband of his trousers under his jacket. He sat down at his desk and began reviewing test results for several patients who were waiting for news. He made a few notes on the pad of paper next to his keyboard as he did.
“Mind, Dr. Patel was covering the walk-ins today,” Angie continued, tapping away at her computer. “Did you want me to switch any of your patients ‘round, if they can come today?”
“Oh, yes,” Janine assured them. “He’s dead. Pulled that trigger himself, just to beat Sherlock.” She sighed. “I loved him to bits, but you’re right—he was a loon.”
Another two days passed and John was no closer to finding the opportunity to have a conversation with Sherlock about...whatever was going on. His husband was simply not at home.
Sherlock nodded. He was still a little short of breath, his heart still racing. John’s hair was standing on end where Sherlock’s fingers had mussed and dug in.
His bottom, still wedged into John’s groin, was stinging from his “discipline.” He also felt the beginnings of a dull ache within — no doubt from his first time being thoroughly rogered. The bed was wet and sticky beneath him and John had become unaccountably heavy against his back.
“I know. I know—honestly, I never thought I would be that kind of breeder. Never.” He shook his head. “My mum always worked, though I know she gave up lots of other things. And it was good, you know? We never felt we missed out. And she was happy. She was doing something she liked and was good at. We were proud of her. I just always thought I’d do the same.”
John closed his mouth over the sweet pink morsel and begun to suck. He grazed his teeth over the nub, eliciting a sinful noise from Sherlock, whose hips jerked up against him. John tugged more firmly and Sherlock moaned. Though still wearing his suit trousers, he was sporting an impressive erection himself.
Sherlock purred with satisfaction and settled his head into John’s good shoulder, heedless of the stickiness between them. “Love you, too.”
An hour later, seated in the most beautiful restaurant he’d ever been in (overlooking the river) and stuffed with some of the best naan he’d ever tasted, John stood and pressed a kiss to his mate’s cheek.
“How long is a while?” John asked, sounding a little panicked. “I’m not exactly getting any younger.”
“You teased me about my cheekbones once,” Sherlock replied. “And turning up my coat collar to look cool. Does that count?”
Will nodded his agreement, waving his arms to herd everyone in the right direction. “Come on then, family,” he clucked. “Let’s take a moment to celebrate. New life; so much happiness. We’re very blessed, indeed.”
“That’s fine,” John said, walking with Holmes toward the door. “One question, Mr. Holmes. Is your brother aware of your efforts on his behalf?”
John had already strongly suspected that Irene was not labouring under a misapprehension. When Sherlock finally (grudgingly) confided the secret of his relatively untouched state, John had held him close and kissed his cheek and told him over and over how much he loved him. John had stroked his back and assured him that it made no difference whatever and that Sherlock could have whatever he wanted from this new dimension to their relationship.
“I wouldn’t have put you in there,” William offered, somehow knowing exactly what John was thinking. A Holmes trait, perhaps. He patted John’s shoulder. “If it were me, I wouldn’t have been able to—well, anyway, this is a good bed and the quilt is warm. And I turned the heating on earlier, just in case. You rest now.”
Holmes nodded grimly. “I’d hoped there might be something my own research had missed, but it appears there is nothing for it. My brother is going to have to cope with at least one rut per annum.” He stood and rearranged the umbrella over his arm. “And that is where you come in, Dr. Watson.”
“About eight minutes,” John said, quickly consulting his watch. “Come on, Watson-Holmes family! Let’s get a move on!”
“Heaven forfend!” Sherlock interjected, entering the sitting room. He was in his dressing gown, still towelling his hair following his shower.
John dug his fingertips into Sherlock’s back, pressing them chest to chest, and stretched up to suck a love mark into the delicate, pale skin of Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock could not be still, though. He wiggled and squirmed until he had aligned his pelvis with…
“Crime, John!” Sherlock cried. “I’ve been following the progress of a Detective Inspector Lestrade of the Metropolitan Police. Intriguing fellow; far less tedious than many of his contemporaries. Too old to enlist, so he’s been patrolling London during the war. I believe he could benefit from my help.”
“I can’t do this. I don’t know why I thought I could. You…you had no right. You lied to me and what you did was—”
He’d kissed John. Right there at Crystal Palace Station, on the platform waiting for the Southern train to London Victoria.
, statistically speaking,” John mused. He smoothed a hand over his abdomen and the just-noticeable bump there. This, too, was different than with Kit—with his first pregnancy, John had hardly shown at all until his fifth month. “Anyway, it’s pretty common to start telling people at this point.”
“Please,” Sherlock gasped. “Please. I want to taste you first.” His cheeks were wet. He’d drooled a little. He knew how he must look, how he must sound. Clearly John approved.
“Pop!” Drew called, suddenly standing right in front of his papa. He gazed up at Sherlock adoringly, reaching skyward.
, where the hardness of the captain-doctor gave way to a luxurious softness that made Sherlock ache.
When John had finally gathered his wits, he ventured to the bathroom for supplies. He returned to find Sherlock exactly as he’d left him—dazed and fucked out, spread eagle and limp-limbed. John admired the view as he climbed up beside him and began wiping him down with a warm, damp flannel.
“When the members of Scotland Yard—or, occasionally, as in this particular instance, the secret service—are out of their depth, they call me.”
Sherlock nuzzled at John and lapped gently at his bonding mark while the tactical team began to clear the scene.
“I-I’m sorry about the way I t-told you,” Greg stammered. “You must believe me: This was an accident. I never intended—”
“It’s a…nice night,” he tried. Small talk wasn’t really his area either, but he was feeling a little desperate to hear the sound of John’s voice again. Ordinarily, silence would suit him down to the ground. Not tonight.
“Most importantly—and this cannot be overstated—a tiny human being will be relying on the two of us for their very life! They will continue to need us for about
“I suspect he will,” Janine agreed. “Now that he has you to help him. I’m told it’s a big responsibility, but I suppose that’s not so frightening if things are right and you’re ready for it.” She winked at Sherlock. “Just like love.”
“Listen,” he started, his voice soft and a bit rough. “We can’t do this here. Do you understand? We need to get somewhere private, yeah?”
“Sometimes,” John added. “And we’ll have sex sometimes. And sometimes we’ll sit on the sofa together and watch crap telly. And sometimes you’ll hold my hand in taxis and kiss the top of my head when you pass my chair. And sometimes we’ll lie in bed together and I’ll fall asleep with you telling me about your latest case while you play with my hair.”
“Which gave her the ability to alter the timestamp of every security log in the building,” Sherlock nodded. “I’d managed to construct entirely plausible motives and means for each of them, so we needed to out the broker to find out who the leak was.”
Sherlock was soon panting, trying and failing to form words. He tugged desperately at John’s hair. John relented, not wanting to miss out on feeling Sherlock’s orgasm from inside him.
"Apologies. I was eavesdropping on Molly's information session about the new tech. Fascinating stuff."
John hummed, rubbing his thumb casually over Sherlock’s knuckles while he watched the city pass them by. “Tell me honestly, Sherlock: Are they going to like me?”
“It seemed the least I could do,” Sherlock said quietly. “You got the flat ready and filed all the licenses.” He paused, his arms tightening ever so slightly. “Is that…okay?”
He waited—fingers picking at non-existent lint on his trousers—as John paid their driver. He followed John from the taxi and bounced on his heels as John fumbled his keys from his pocket and unlocked the door. John held the door and allowed him to enter first. Sherlock all but threw his coat at the hook on the wall and paused, twitching, at the bottom of the stairs while John finished with his own.
John grunted in frustration and reframed his attack. Sherlock stumbled as John went for his feet, but managed to stay up. They slid into his chair, shoving it back until it came to rest up against the fireplace. With another shift and a dodged right cross, John’s chair was tipped backwards as they rolled over it, each grasping the other’s clothing close to the throat.
“You can speak with DI Lestrade if you’re that worried. My brother has probably already sent the number over with my other details.”
There was a weighty pause as John considered what he might say. “I’m sorry,” he finally replied. “For your loss.” He placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock nodded. “Good. So that’s that.” He twined their fingers. “Of all the things worrying you, my feelings do not need to be among them.”
They both turned and stared at the airstrip. John wracked his brain for the lines he’d tried to memorize.
“Guilt. He’d been right on the cusp of his annual rut when we met that day—my heat pushed him over the edge, but he’d convinced himself that it was his fault. He believed he’d as good as forced me to share my heat with him. He couldn’t bear to face me. Idiot.”
John’s head snapped up at Sherlock’s dark tone. “What? Oh, no, no. Sherlock, you have nothing to be jealous about. Mary’s very nice, but she’s…well, she’s not you, is she?”
“Remember I said that Mrs. Gamble identified the signature on the estate agent’s letter as Heatherton’s?”
John shifted his feet, itching to flee. "Ah well, no divorces, but...well, I'm on my second as well, actually."
He slammed John into the wall, the full force of his taller frame pinning John in place. One hand dug into John’s nape to hold his feisty doctor/soldier in place for his—admittedly—overzealous kisses. His free hand groped John’s shoulder, hip, bottom…oh god, his bottom.
Sherlock tasted it first then gave the nod for the sommelier to pour out. John took a sip and let it linger on his tongue. It reminded him of...
“Don’t change the subject,” John said testily. “I’m not good enough for you. You should have someone like that boy. Fresh and ripe, unmarred and full of life. Smelling like vanilla and—”
“I know I shouldn’t, but I’ve been bloody craving it for a month.” John sighed. “Anyway, I was going to ask Mrs. H to stay with Kit, but maybe you and Mycroft would like to try your hand at bath- and bedtime?”
Sherlock smiled at him, returning his hand to John’s cheek. “I had an excellent physician in Italy. My burns have healed very well, though I shall always bear the scars. The infection lasted only a few days, and I did not develop pneumonia. And you were right about the swelling on my spine — it needed only time. Even as they were loading me on the plane to return to England, I was beginning to be able to move my fingers.”
John kissed the top of Kit’s head, enjoying his son’s new, much shorter haircut. “You will, sweet boy. There will be years and years for you two to play together.”
“John—oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize you were getting ready to leave.” Mary hovered near the half-open door to John’s office.
The young woman grinned. “Anyway, I was just getting my coat when the telephone rang. There’s a lady on the line—says she works with you. Mary?”
John hovered over him, fists still clenched. He was grinning, a little trickle of blood coming from the side of his lip where Sherlock had managed to clip him.
“Oh my word, it’s really you,” the young woman gushed as they approached. She was short and on the plump side, with a pleasant face and curly red hair.
John drifted in a sea of his own desire, just long enough for Sherlock to press a muscular thigh against his pelvis. The touch of the firm alpha body against his stirring cock was enough to jolt him back to his senses.
He glanced around quickly; there must be someone immediately behind him who was the attractive man’s target. Seeing no one who was even looking in that direction, John turned back.
The tears that been threatening were now very close to spilling over John’s cheeks. He set his brandy on the table beside his chair and clenched his fist.
John returned home, a new spring in his step. It had been a pleasant surprise to see Jeanette. Though they hadn't parted on the best of terms, it was clear she hadn't nursed any resentment toward him. He had to admit, too, that he was comforted by her confirmation—reminder really—of how clear the connection between him and Sherlock had always been to everyone else.
They both laughed and John turned his head to regard the striking young alpha beside him. Sherlock glanced over at him as well, icy greenish eyes locking with dark blue-grey. John’s laughter died as he found himself once more overwhelmed by Sherlock’s charms.
“Not to mention the painters and decorators upstairs.” Margaret pointed to the van parked across the street. “And the electronics people for the custom intercom system in the nursery.”
“I gave very careful thought to the idea of reproducing before I mentioned it to you. It would have been absurd to ask you to consider changing your mind about parenting under any other circumstances. I realized there would be a great deal of compromise involved—so many sacrifices on your part, particularly. But the more time I spent with Archie and his little friend…”
Sherlock obliged his father, who had always been kindly and quite loving. He released John’s hand and turned to embrace his father.
“So romantic,” Jeremy breathed. He looked horrified as he realized both his customers were staring at him, and that he’d actually said the words aloud. “I’m…so sorry.”
John had been happy to clear space in his schedule, but he had to admit to at least a little trepidation. A high-profile patient could be just the thing for his growing practice, as he was still fairly new. Alternatively, it could be devastating if a well-connected client were to be dissatisfied with their treatment.
“Right. Thanks anyway.” John hung up the phone and slumped in his office chair. The intercom buzzed and his receptionist’s chirpy voice intruded.
John chuckled and swiped the extra moisture from his face. “Well, I do. Mary was a disaster, and I deserve every bit of the blame for not seeing what she was. And for not having the courage to just tell her what
He would be exposed as a sexual deviant who takes advantage of the citizens in his charge. He would be fired and probably prosecuted.
He dipped his head and covered John’s mouth with his own. He parted his lips, greedily asking for the plundering invasion of John’s tongue. John moaned into his mouth, wrapping himself around Sherlock’s naked body. They sucked and drew on each other — meeting, parting and meeting again — with a hunger as though they both had been long starved.
He came back to himself at the sound and feel of John littering his back and bottom with kisses, whispering praises into the skin. John unlocked the cuffs and massaged Sherlock's wrists a little.
John hadn’t been able to stop the smile that had broken out across his face as he’d shook his head. He’d taken Sherlock’s offered hand as they made their way back to their berth.
John swallowed around the lump in his throat, patting his son’s back gently. “Thank you, my sweet boy.”
“You are utterly ridiculous,” Sherlock drawled. He crossed his arms over his chest. “I have no idea what I see in you.”
Mycroft slumped in his seat. He lifted a hand to his brow. “Well, little brother,” he said to the now-empty space. “This does leave us in a bit of pickle doesn’t it?”
The work was, in fact, far more complex than it first appeared. The artist had created two separate skulls, layered one over the other. A black skull had been painted onto the blue marbled background, and a silver one on cut perspex was placed slightly above it. Four bolts separated the two sections.
“Not bloody likely,” John chuckled. “Can you imagine me in a frilly frock, trying new recipes and recovering the sofa cushions?”
He was interrupted by the squeaking sound of a nail removing itself from plaster. Sherlock and John both jumped sideways as Mr. Blue Skull slipped to the floor with a bang.
John rolled his eyes and stood. “Fine. You know, none of this would have been necessary if you hadn’t been stupid enough to use drugs.” He approached Holmes until they were only a few inches apart and looked up into the very bright, clear eyes. His mouth suddenly strangely dry, John attempted to lick his lips. “Hold your arms out to the sides, please.”
They were huddled in the street, clinging to whatever belongings they could save, and watching as their homes went up in flames. The blaze had started in a chippy in the building next door and spread rapidly. By the time the alarms had gone off and the fire trucks arrived, there was little hope of saving the majority of their flats.
John sighed his contentment—Sherlock knew he was not in any hurry to have Sherlock withdraw from his body. He’d learned that his John quite enjoyed feeling full for a little longer. And he quite liked the weight of Sherlock on top of him for a bit.
“There we are, sweetheart,” the doctor whispered tenderly, covering her with the crushed velvet throw. John smoothed the blonde fringe from her brow. “And aren’t you going to get a surprise when you wake up and see what Uncle Sherlock has done.”
How in the name of all things holy could he ever trust Mary again? Surgery his great, hairy bollocks.
“I could bring one size down, just to try. If that would help?” Their young male omega clerk—Jeremy—had returned, looking eager to please.
"Not a time I'd want to revisit," John chuckled. "As a doctor, when I think of the Victorian period, I think typhus, cholera and TB."
His chest tightened at the memory of the ambulance trip. He’d cried out to Sherlock more than once, hoping to god the man could still hear him. That he would recognize John’s plea to fight his way back.
“All right, Watson, this is where it starts. We’ve got a lot of years to make up for: Tell me your life.”
John softened immediately. “Not at all, my love. You just happen to find short, grey-haired doctors with scars attractive.”
Sherlock glanced at his lap, clearing his throat, before hazarding a look back in John’s direction. John was still smiling at him. He’d seen the look before. It was the same unaccountably soft expression John had given him after the CIA attacked Mrs. Hudson. He loved this look. Loved it on John’s handsome face. Loved that it was directed at him, even if it was only pretend.
Sherlock nudged closer, pressing his own swelling cock into John’s belly. John moaned now, grabbing at Sherlock’s waist to keep him close.
“Easy,” John gentled. “You were amazing. There’s no right and wrong with this. There’s only what you like more and what you like less and what you don’t like at all. And we’ve got lots of time to figure all that out.”
“So, to be clear,” Greg started, retrieving his ice cream from the van parked at the edge of the middle entrance to St. James’s Park off Birdcage Walk. “We’re not telling the midwives about this?”
John reached blindly for the lube, hurriedly squeezing a generous amount out into his palm and then dribbling some over Sherlock’s exposed pucker. He worked the lube into the perfect, pink hole with one finger.
He tugged his nightshirt out from under him and rolled over onto his other side. Sherlock slid in behind him, pressing warmly against John’s back, bottom and legs.
Sherlock turned to face him. In the dim light, John could make out the lines that now creased his face. He was still an unusually handsome man, but it was clear there was more than just the passage of time wearing on him. He was drawn. Weary. Sad.
“Yes, pet. Gran is coming to visit today. And she will want lots of hugs and kisses from you,” John assured him.
John pursed his lips to avoid smiling. Wouldn’t do to allow the cheeky lad to know John found him quite charming. “Fair enough. And what about emotional connections?”
“When did he call?” Mycroft said, sitting forward in his chair. He’d come in to his office at the Diogenes early that morning. He hadn’t expected his mother to ring him before 8 a.m.
“Well, we’ll have a lot to do, getting you moved into my flat when we get back to London. And then there will be all the paperwork from all of this. I could do with a mini-break to Cornwall.”
At length, the bed creaked as John leaned in behind him. Sherlock bit his lip as John’s crotch connected with his bared arse. John pressed into the contact with a slight roll of his hips then grabbed both of Sherlock’s arms and bent them behind his back. Holding them together, he bound them with the last set of handcuffs Sherlock had boosted from Lestrade.
John disentangled their fingers and hurried to get out of the car. Sherlock lagged behind, watching his best friend (his heart) following Francine into the restored Victorian hotel building without a backwards glance.
John left Mary’s house that morning (he could no longer bring himself to call it theirs) at his usual time to go to the surgery. He walked to the tube, leaving the car behind for Mary. He made every effort to look relaxed, even going so far as to put in his earbuds (something he rarely did) and pretend to sleep.
“All right, all right,” he sighed. “I’ll leave you alone—go back to being bored out of my bloody mind.”
John chuckled, nuzzling into Sherlock’s neck. “I know that, love. So does Drew, apparently. You have to trust me—I will take care.”
“At least I had a way to get home,” John teased. “Good thing, too, or I’d have missed the footrace with the taxi.”
“What was what?” Sherlock evaded. He stepped back as their cab pulled to a stop at the curb. He opened the door and held it for John.
“I did,” John agreed, running his fingers through Sherlock's dark curls. “But I'm curious as to how the residue under the fingernails factors into it all.”
“There,” Will said brightly. “One for each year, and…” He placed one more kiss on the end of Kit’s nose. “One more to grow on.”
“What?” John immediately rolled to the side, taking Sherlock with him in a tangle of sticky limbs. He pushed damp curls from Sherlock’s brow. “Of course it’s real.”
Sherlock considered this for a moment, stroking one hand over the firmness of John’s bicep. “I’ve always thought I might like to keep bees.”
John grunted his approval, grinding his aching cock into Sherlock’s bare hip. He teased a finger underneath Sherlock’s foreskin, stretching the soft tissue and caressing the hard flesh beneath. Sherlock writhed against him.
John smirked into his next mouthful of supper. He nearly choked on it when Sherlock’s hand slipped under the tablecloth and began sliding up his thigh. He looked at his mate with wide eyes. Sherlock, seated without self-consciousness at the head of the table, leaned in so he could tuck his fingers beneath the swell of John’s tummy to fondle his cock through his trousers.
“I’m afraid that isn’t an option. We need to inspect your clothing and your person to ensure you are not in possession of any controlled substances.”
Mycroft dropped ungracefully into his chair. He had underestimated how badly the broken bond would affect John, but he’d understood, generally, how difficult this would be for John and little Christopher.
“So I had to tell my Chief Superintendent about the baby. I knew Mycroft would find out somehow and I didn’t want it to happen that way so I went to see him this morning.” Greg cleared his throat. “I told him. I told him and I think—I think I may have…broken him. He went a funny colour and started sputtering. And then he just buggered off.”
“And what about your nap, madame?” John teased his daughter. “Gran Hudson doesn’t have a bed for little girls.”
He could feel John staring at him, and finally turned to meet his eyes. John was concerned about him. He knew that. He’d barked at him several times that night. He hadn’t meant to, it was just…
“Mycroft does not attend these sorts of things. He will show his face for five minutes in the afternoon and then whisk me off home.”
“Of course. Get yourself comfy,” John said, lying down on his back and remembering how his father used to tell stories. They had always begun with the same phrase. Louis shifted and stuck a thumb in his mouth, and John took a breath. “A long, long time ago, in a country far, far away, there lived two princes. One was named Louis, and one was named Henry, and they had inherited a great and bountiful kingdom from their parents, who were off doing royal visits, and so had left their sons in charge for a little while. Now, Prince Louis was renowned…”
“You’ve never had a friend in your life, I’m the only person that’s ever come close to being your friend,” Victor hissed.
After the nightmare had begun to fade, John slowly lowered the improvised weapon, scrubbing a hand over his eyes and feeling idiotic. He breathed for a few moments, letting his pulse drop.
“I found myself in the attic. I hadn't even known Doyle had an attic before. It's up in the gables of the house, and the ceiling is slanted, so I had to crouch in most places. It was early evening, and the sun came in through the windows and made the dust dance in the stale air. The walls are crumbling, you can see hundreds of years' worth of wood, plaster, brick. The floor is super uneven and I was afraid to move in case the rotting floorboards broke underneath me. It looked like it had been abandoned for a very long time. I doubt anyone besides Sherlock and I had been in there in half a century.
He looked up at the feeling of eyes on his skin. Curly was scrutinising him with a mixture of suspicion and confusion on her face.
John waited for him just inside the rink. “So, it’s kind of like rollerblading, you just – ” John started to explain, but stopped when he saw the expression on Sherlock’s face. “Don’t tell me you’ve never been rollerblading either,”
John bustled him out of the way in order to demonstrate. He grasped the handle firmly and cut neatly along one of the think, black lines. “Like that,” he finished, yanking the knife free and giving it back to Sherlock.
The sports hall, packed with thousands of bodies as it was, was sweltering even before the ceremony began. As the hall stood for the entrance of the senior members of staff, John fanned himself with the programme, but froze when he saw Moriarty’s dark head of hair in the procession, his gown fanning out behind him.
“They could be lying,” John tried, but Sherlock was gone before he could finish the sentence. “Fuck,” he cursed quietly, going back to fiddling with the knots.
bad,” John said, feeling as if he should defend his roommate, even though Sherlock’s current behaviour was making it difficult to do so.
“Oh, gorgeous!” John said, stepping back and looking upon his creation. “The blue brings out your eyes.” Those Sherlock rolled, and John laughed.  “I am
When he looked back up again, a familiar lanky form was making its way through the throng towards him. John pushed himself off the wall, feeling his spirits lift with the corners of Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock didn’t respond to that, but John obviously took that to mean a yes to both, and began to cajole him out of bed.
“But it worked,” John said gently. “We were very impressed with your quick thinking, weren’t we, Sherlock?”
John didn’t react, just searched Sherlock’s face, and Sherlock knew how guilty he looked because he knew how guilty he felt.
They stood in silence a moment, Sherlock using a wet flannel to scrub the drying black stains from his lower face and neck.
“Some heroin would be nice,” Sherlock said, and almost delighted in the way John’s face blanched and he flustered and tried to explain to his mother that ‘he was joking, obviously’. It wasn’t necessary, as Mrs Watson laughed and got up from the sofa, stretching.
John broke into a run as the sergeant shouted another warning at him, slotting into the blank file at the back of his squad. He felt the eyes of the entire parade following him, and a particularly disappointed look from Seb Moran where he stood in front of his section. He breathed a quick “Hi,” to Lottie, who, in an uncanny turn of luck, was standing on his right, at ease.
They still had had no word of the progress of the case by the next morning, which had driven Sherlock up the wall, and John wasn’t exactly feeling the most relaxed about it either.
“John should be down very shortly now, he’s got to be with his team in the next ten minutes,” Lestrade said, continuing to smile warmly at them.
“Apart from him, John,” Mike said, “we’re all with you. If you’re with him, then we’re with him, too.” John turned to look at him, vision clearing as his anger subsided, leaving only a hollow gratitude for the boy before him. “But we’re worried. You won’t remember, but… he’s looking like he did. Before you.”
Nothing had changed. John supposed it wouldn’t have done, but he was still pleasantly surprised at Doyle’s consistency. Same smell of dust and laundry, same bare door of room twenty-one, same cool paint beneath his fingers as he pushed it open.
“John.” She stepped into his space and rested her hands on his face. “Go.” The anger that was flaring in his stomach was doused. She pressed her lips to his, one point of warmth in all that cold, and he would have loved to have stayed, but she was right. He pulled back. Sarah smiled sadly. “He doesn’t have anyone else.”
“We didn’t talk about much, but I noticed that he basically couldn’t use his left arm, and I think he noticed me noticing, so he explained.”
“… But you’re so smart, and you love learning really detailed shit, and I – I guess I just assumed, yeah. Sorry.”
gesture. “Go and talk to the ones you do know. Everyone knows he’s missing now anyway, so you don’t have to be subtle.”
Cold hands caught his other leg in a vice-like grip and hauled him up until he was lying on his stomach on the branch.
“You were snooping in some office you shouldn’t have been, then,” John assumed – and infuriatingly, he was right.
They re-entered the house via the front door, discarding their coats and trying to shake the snow from their shoes. The warmth of the house after the sub-zero temperatures outside brought colour to their cheeks. Their shoes were now snow-less but soggy, so they decided to take them off. The same decision was made about their blazers, the garments suddenly too hot, too constricting.
– he had said he might go for a walk. John had shifted uncomfortably, wanting to ask for more detail but not knowing how, until he gave up and went to find his boots.
“D’you want some socks?” John asked as Sherlock sat cross-legged on the bed, folding his clothes so as not to irritate John with mess.
After having finished passing around the canapés, trays much lighter than they had been when they’d started, Sherlock and John made their way back to the kitchen, but they were intercepted by two small boys, no older than thirteen.
“When the next year started, and we moved into the year ten dorm, Sherlock’s stuff came with us, but not Sherlock. He still lived in the half-darkness of the top floor and as the months wore on, I started to get increasingly worried.
The whistle blew, signifying the end of the first half, and Sherlock saw John put his hands on his knees and hang his head.
But he had suddenly forgotten how to string the necessary words together, into a necklace, a choker, a noose.
PS And yes, you may have noticed that in a moment of self-indulgence, I named all the houses after authors - cliché, I know, but I couldn't resist.
“You know, like him. Brain as big as the moon, no friends, solving mysteries like he’s in a penny dreadful...”
“ – but one must leave the cultures for forty-eight hours before the results can be gathered, so no; it is not an inconvenience. Rather good timing, actually.”
He took a deep breath and stood. The old oak stood as always, branches moving gently. There were no stars, the moon obscured by clouds to just a smudge. He closed the window, reasoning that John would have come back by now if he wanted to, and that morning, and therefore the doors unlocking again, wouldn’t be long coming. What time was it, anyway?
"Oh - nothing. Just, he's in my chemistry class." John said, which wasn't a lie, but certainly wasn't the cause of his sigh.
Mike took the thin-framed glasses off his face and fiddled with them. “Yeah, I spent more time at the opticians over the half term than I’d expected… how was yours?”
John followed Sherlock back to their room. After closing the door behind them, he considered saying something – what, exactly, he didn’t know – but his roommate wordlessly turned his back to him and opened his wardrobe. John pursed his lips and after a moment, did the same.
“Friend?” Mycroft snorted incredulously. “How interesting.” He regarded John with something akin to pity. “Come along, Sherlock,” he resumed after a moment. “Let us leave John to his business.”
As they walked away, both breathing heavily, Sherlock gave John’s hand a squeeze. John squeezed back.
John felt guilty, but he could understand where Mike was coming from. Sherlock made no effort to speak to anyone apart from a select group of people, which mainly consisted of John, Mike and Molly. Everyone else, he either ignored or made scathing remarks at until they went away, and John had noticed that he was never in communal areas, like the common room, unless he had to be - and even then, he left as soon as he was able.
And while John felt dread creeping up behind him, he held his left hand up in front of him, and it was perfectly steady.
He had turned all the lights off, in some vain hope of trying to coax Sherlock towards sleep, so he couldn’t see much as his eyes wandered around the room. The lines of the bedframes stretching away from him on either side towards the corridor wall, the wardrobes, the chests of drawers, the door. The desks underneath the beds, Sherlock’s covered in a jumble of science equipment – the long, arching neck of a microscope stood out in the dark, as did the elegant curves of his violin. John realised Sherlock hadn’t played in nearly two days.
“Oh, God… your face was right in front of my crotch when he came in,” he groaned, then shook his head and laughed in disbelief. “Now he probably thinks we’re secretly fucking or something…” John laughed again and began to retrieve the equipment from where Sherlock had stowed it under his desk.
Sherlock sent a final text to Harry and put away his phone. The boy opposite him was engrossed in his dinner, hair still unruly from the rugby practise.
John was semi-delirious, semi-unconscious and wholly exhausted when the school began to wake. He had somehow found his way to the floor over the past few hours, and now he was curled up at the foot of the fridge. He sat up.
There was another boy sitting on one of the pews. John recognised his face but didn’t have any classes with him – he was still getting to know everyone, which was a task made even more difficult by his roommate. He heard Smith retreating to his desk, leaving behind a smell of unwashed linen, and sat next to the other boy.
A splash next to him, and a body was enveloping his. Sherlock opened his eyes. It was Karim, grabbing him by the face and yelling, “YOU WON!”
“Why did you wait for me to finish? You’ve got a big day tomorrow, you need to sleep,” John chided him, bustling about below.
John laughed politely, and Dave began to ask him about school, and John asked him about his career, and Dave offered to help with the dinner, and John found himself relaxing.
, Sherlock thought with disdain. No, the curious case of the unsightly necklace was much more interesting.
There was a hand on him arm. John tried to shake it off, but the grip only grew stronger, and John was sick and tired, of what he wasn't sure, so he turned around, jaw clenched, fists clenched, throat clenched.
The pasta was rich and hearty, and the salad was crisp. The water was icy, and Sherlock’s cheeks had nearly lost their cold-tinged pink.
“So she yelled at me some more, said she never wanted to see me again, hung up, and isn’t even reading my messages.”
Glen scowled at Claus, who kissed the note and put it in his own pocket. “We had a bet on you being gay, and I just lost.”
John locked the device and pressed it between his legs, putting his hands above the table. “No, miss.”
All kinds of scenarios were playing themselves out in his imagination – Sherlock unconscious somewhere, through his own doing or someone else’s – Sherlock in the back of a van – Sherlock in a dark basement – anything and everything could have happened but John had nothing at all to go on and he was panicking, the realisation hit him, he was going to
John seethed, but Sherlock was walking away in the direction of Doyle, so John had no choice but to follow.
John glanced at Percy, who looked as if he was about to cry; at Anderson, who folded his arms; and at Sally, who looked as if she was fighting to hold her tongue. He gave an apologetic look to all three, then joined his friend, who was currently peering in one of the corpse’s ears.
He didn’t see the point of her questions. She could see exactly what he was thinking; he didn’t need to expose himself further by confirming her theories. And then, out of nowhere, all these words would come rushing out of his mouth, saying things he wasn’t even sure were true until he realised what he had said and, yes, all of it was there, inside his head.
A voice came over some sort of megaphone, informing the assembled of St Bart’s victory, thirty five to thirty two, thanking supporters for their attendance, giving commiserations to the bitter Boscombe players, but it was all white noise. All Sherlock could see was John, lit up with joy, radiant, glowing, enveloped by and enveloping his teammates in fierce embraces, laughing.
John looked down the table in awe at the feast of a full English that had been laid on. His eye caught on the flowers he had brought, vibrant in the morning light.
, said the caption, overlaid with crying-laughing emojis, and John’s heart sank at the same time as his blood boiled.
Sherlock followed John out of the room and down the stairs. In the common room, some of the upper sixth were playing snooker – not entirely abiding by the rules, Sherlock suspected, if the boy lying on the table trying to obstruct the path of the balls was anything to go by – and a year ten was microwaving something foul-smelling.
Saturday dawned clear and bright. John woke before the rising bell. He cast an eye over Sherlock’s sleeping form, relieved that Sherlock did get some shut-eye, even if it was fully clothed, before climbing down from his bed and heading to the showers.
“Oh, right,” Dave said. John didn’t have to watch for his reaction because of his ease with Clara, but still. It wasn’t true.
About half an hour later, Sherlock abruptly stood up, making John jump. He put on a long, black, billowing coat and strode across the room. John looked up.
“Oh,” John said, frowning. “He was just… he brought up my dad and my sister and this boy, my next door neighbour, I used to be close with him. I don’t know.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him, then brought his hands up to his pursed lips. “How about breakfast?”
“No, to him not having a Facebook!” John exclaimed. “I was in year eleven, he was in year twelve, lower sixth, whatever, but he was young for his year. Just listen, okay? You were the ones who wanted to know.”
“Hi, John! Lestrade said you’d be up h- ” came Harry’s voice from behind them. She cut herself off with a noise like she’d just been strangled. John jumped so hard he almost fell off the roof, whipping around to see his younger sister turn away from them to face the window she had just clambered through. “Sorry!”
“Well. As I said, after the first few weeks, the fights were getting far too frequent for anyone to even be comfortable in the dorm any more. It wasn’t physical fighting, mind you, Sherlock just seemed to exude this air of hatred and he was so freaking wound up all the time, like a spring. The dorm just felt like a storm was constantly hovering on the horizon. And one day… God…” Mike looked as if the memory left a sour taste in his mouth. "How do I tell this story?" he muttered before taking a breath.
Sherlock was looking at the goal post on their left. Suddenly, he dropped John’s wrist and ran down the short slope to the pitch towards the goal post. John didn’t have to think: he was following before he had made the conscious decision to do so.
A St Bart’s boy walked towards the Boscombe goal, the ball held loosely in his hands. The referee handed him something, and the boy put it and the ball down on a particular patch of earth. He positioned it like it was a fine work of art, then stepped backwards.
They took their toast upstairs and Sherlock sat on the floor while John fiddled with his laptop. He couldn’t remember when he’d given John his password, or allowed him to use the machine without asking, but he supposed he must have done. He was preoccupied with trying not to eat while scrolling through the local news’ website on his phone when some drums started up.
It was one last thought of John that pushed, unbidden, into his mind that stayed his hand for a moment. John, laughing with him against the wall, with a bloody hand, with him, not two hours ago, with him, with him, with –
They sat in silence for a moment. Sherlock concentrated on his heart rate, his vision. He knew the physiological effects of being drunk, and after last night he would have been able to recognise the physical feeling of tipsiness, but couldn’t feel anything as of yet.
Sherlock looked up at the ceiling. John watched his face, those solemn features. They lay in silence for a moment. John wondered whether that had been a bit too much information, but then Sherlock asked,
Sherlock went back to pacing again and continued his lament. “So now, I suspect, I will have been demoted and will have to take biology with our own year from now on. In fact, Lestrade will be coming to inform me of just that shortly. Ah - here he comes…”
“Bit not good,” John said. “If she does have amnesia, she’s probably really confused and she’s feeling like shit anyway because she’s just thrown up and some bloke she doesn’t know is shooting questions at her like rubber fucking bullets, okay?”
He found himself in the dim foyer. It smelt not unpleasantly of clean laundry, old wood and dust. The walls were covered with notice boards, upon which were pinned pieces of paper bearing words such as 'DINNER TIMES - AUTUMN TERM', 'EXEAT WEEKEND RULES' and 'OPPOSITE SEX NOT PERMITTED BEYOND COMMON AREAS ON GROUND FLOOR'. Directly in front of him was a staircase that wound upwards to, presumably, bedrooms -
“It was good of you to say thank you to Molly properly,” John reflected after a few moments. When Sherlock didn’t reply, John continued. “Not just for today, I mean. From what I’ve heard, she comes at your every beck and call. She doesn’t have to do that for you, you know. She kept an eye on you when I wasn’t around to do it.”
“I would be highly surprised it if wasn’t,” Sherlock responded in the tone of voice he used when his attention was elsewhere. When John pressed send and looked up, Sherlock was reading a page of tiny text on his laptop, eyes flicking rapidly as he scanned the information. His pale skin was bleached by the light from the computer screen, the only light in the room, save the screen of John’s phone.
Sherlock put his fingers in his ears and clutched his blanket tight to him as he pushed open the door to his brother’s room. Sherlock didn’t know why Mycroft was screaming like the toddlers from the village, but Sherlock wished he’d stop, because it made his chest hurt and his body want to curl up and run away and run to his brother at the same time.
He had bought an armful of newspapers and was sitting on a bench in the park when he got a phone call from Mycroft. He ignored it.
After a minute, John found himself giggling and triumphant, having somehow made his way onto the top step of the ladder up to his bed, holding three smaller parcels in his hands. Sherlock stood on the lowest step, reaching up, but soon realised he had lost and stepped down, defeated.
John stood next to him, watching also. Sherlock could smell him, but not see him, fixated on the ball as he was. He smelt of water and tomatoes. Herbs and yeast. And warmth. Funny, how one could smell warm.
“Yes, ‘oh’ is right, John. ‘Dear Mrs Watson, we are writing to enquire about your son, John Watson’s, recent absences from his meetings with his psychiatrist, Ella Thompson.’ ”
Kitty hummed. “Shame. But that would leave room for an even more personal angle. What’s in his head? What’s in his heart? And - isn’t he with Janine Hawkins? - what’s in his loins?”
“Never have I ever robbed a shop of anything worth more than ten pounds.” John was the only one who clapped.
John and Sherlock were sitting on Sherlock’s workbench in his makeshift laboratory, cross legged, with a Bunsen burner between them.
They walked in silence down the road that ran through the school towards the sports facilities. When they reached the main building, Sherlock beckoned John round the side, picking his way through the scrubby woods at the side. They came out of a patch of trees and were faced with what Sherlock knew to be the back of the changing rooms. He took a key out of his pocket and unlocked the left of the two doors.
“Oh, thanks,” John said, picking up the sock. “Do you want me to come down with you at two fifteen?”
John ignored him. Sherlock huffed and sat up. His head still felt like it was full of mud and his temperature was approximately point seven degrees above optimum.
Sherlock turned on his heels and strode away into the night, leaving John with his mouth agape. He turned to Sarah, who had her arms folded.
“I don’t know. Wherever. Scotland. Sussex. France. Yeah, France. We can find an abandoned château somewhere. You can open a detective business and I can just… do up the house. Cook food that won’t make you throw up. Potter about in the garden.”
“San duty,” John explained as Sherlock freed a chunk of muscle, placing it delicately on a square of tissue. “
He moved to John’s desk and pulled out the drawers, rummaging through each one. John pulled the jacket on and shoved his feet into the shoes.
“Well, that didn’t work, because now I’m worried as fuck, and mum’s going to be out of her mind when she finds out.”
He went to play some music, and found the album that John had played earlier still open on Sherlock’s Spotify. He hovered over one of his own playlists, but eventually clicked on the first track of the album. He still didn’t like it much, so he skipped through a few, but when he finished his report, he waited for the song that was playing to finish before he closed his laptop and climbing into bed.
“Trick or treat, Johnny-boy.” The boy heading the group of teenagers at the Watsons’ door removed an Anonymous mask to reveal a familiar face John was hoping to avoid.
“Nothing?” John asked. Sherlock shook his head. “Good, because we wouldn’t want to spoil your appetite.”
“Mhm. Didn’t really occur to me that they’d even need to go to school. I don’t see what a couple of GCSEs are going to do for you if you’re going to be sixteen forever,”
“Let me see that,” he said, taking the book and wandering back into the middle of the room and sitting down. He flicked through. “Dissitee quay fakiem commendet cura, pue- pull- can you read this?”
He opened the door to the bathroom and the strip lights on the ceiling flickered on, making his eyes hurt. He rubbed at them. He splashed frigid water on his face, making him gasp a little, clearing away some of the fog in his head. He groped about on the shelf above him for his towel, and rubbed his skin dry. He stood with his face pressed into the fabric for a moment. Bulk-bought laundry detergent, his own shampoo and shower gel, and something reminiscent of home clung to the cloth. He replaced the towel and scrutinised his bloodshot eyes in the mirror. He was going to have to steal Mike’s eye drops again, blinking would begin to hurt again sooner or –
Sherlock had the good sense to take a step back; the vein in Angelo’s neck looked as if it were about to burst.
“I know,” he sighed. “It sounds awful, doesn’t it? It kind of was. I’ve got to admit, I’m not proud of myself. I still chatted to him when I could, but the others didn’t bother, and even my efforts became half-hearted after a while.  You’ve got to understand that he wasn’t putting any effort in either. He sat alone in the dining hall and stopped going to sport. He never spoke to anyone unless he wanted something, or if you spoke to him first. It wasn’t shyness – I don’t think he can actually experience the feeling. We didn’t like him and he didn’t like us, and that’s just the way it was."
Then John’s name was called by someone in the mob of the rest of Doyle, and John turned around briefly to return that, yeah, he was coming, then turned back to Sherlock.
“Oh, come on,” John said. Sherlock turned his head away from the eyepiece, not looking at John, but at least he wasn’t looking through that goddamn microscope anymore. “You’ve been snappy and short with me all day. What is it?”
John let himself smile, and felt a little calmer. “Yeah, I guess so,” he answered, remembering the green-blue eyes that flitted around the room, only settling on his for the briefest of moments.
They didn’t speak again until the film ended. John gave his mum a kiss on the cheek, got up and turned the TV off. Harry followed him down the hallway. John opened the front door, the half-darkness spilling into the house.
“Oh, thank god,” Mrs Watson and Harry breathed in unison, and Sherlock simply breathed. John looked around him, then spoke a few words to Angelo, who helped him to his feet and put his tree-trunk arms around him, guiding him off the pitch.
When Vlad nodded, Eric said, “Right, in that case, I’ll start. Never have I ever been skinny-dipping with a girl.”
If Mycroft wanted to comment on the picture they were looking at, he didn’t. Instead, he briefly greeted them both, and then turned to Sherlock.
After what felt like an eternity, but could only have been seconds, Sherlock stopped fitting. John put a hand on his arm, rubbing his thumb gently over his cool skin.
“Your arch enemy, apparently. What kind of sixteen year old has arch enemies, Sherlock?” John could barely contain the mixture of anger and fear creeping into his voice.
John’s mouth fell open – again: he had a feeling he’d swallowed more flies than breaths that afternoon. “And then you’re dropped from the fucking squad, Sherlock, Jesus! Our biggest game’s next week and I want to end the season with all the praise of a champion – do you know how good that would look on my CV?”
The dinner table was laid with candles and tall wine glasses, the roast sitting like a sculpture in the centre of it all.
There was no reaction, so John tried a few more times, before Sherlock shifted and mumbled something, before groggily blinking open his eyes.
Sherlock sat on the ledge of the row of sinks while John rubbed at his knuckles, which were beginning to bruise.
“I should report him to the police. I don’t think grown men are just allowed to wander into a school like that,”
Btw, seeing as there's a lot of music in this chapter now is a good time to re-link a Spotify playlist that contains most of the songs from this fic, plus some other ones that I listened to while writing this fic and also some others that just go well! It's here:
John laughed, and Sherlock breathed. “Look, I’ll see you soon. I had loads of fun. Your house is crazy, your family is crazy…”
Angelo, when he realised he was the one Sherlock was after, stood a little straighter and John could have sworn he puffed out his chest a little – the kind of masculine posturing John couldn’t stand.
Sherlock sat up and gave Mycroft a look that John’s mother would have smacked John for if he’d done the same. Sherlock gestured to his entire face. “Apparently
If he flipped back even further, to the summer and beyond, the drawings were less coherent, mainly consisting of shadows and smudges and shapes, nothing solid. His therapist had said that doing these drawings every damn day would help him to develop the ability to look at his emotions objectively, to unpick them and to work through them in a healthy way. The wording was cringe-worthy to him, but John had to admit to himself that there might have been something in it. He had certainly felt more stable over the last couple of months, so maybe it had, finally, been paying off. But that could have just been attributed to the change of scenery, the lack of opportunities to trap himself inside his own head – or simply the progression of time as it did its thing.
John studied him for a moment. “You look too put-together to be a pirate,” he said. “Untuck your shirt and muss up your hair a little.”
, high and sweet. John knew it was Sherlock playing, but it was something he’d never heard him play before. And it took a moment for the idea to plant itself, but once it did, John’s breath caught.
Sherlock took the camera out from behind his back, and then many things happened in a very short amount of time.
“Oh – you’re Sherlock, right? Sherlock Holmes?” the girl with her arms full of the papers asked when he tried to pay.
“Yes.” Sherlock looked up. John’s eyes were back on the board again, concentration drawing his eyebrows together.
“Who was that kid, d’you remember, on Halloween, in your house? When we came to see if you wanted to come to Mary’s – Shaun or something?”
“You heard it,” Sherlock said, “did it sound fake to you? You said you heard him crying, or trying not to. You said you heard his fear. Do you think that’s something a computer can imitate? I don’t think so.” Sherlock looked over at John. He was looking at the floor, brow furrowed, breathing fast. Sherlock felt something move in his chest. He bit his lip. “I’m… sorry. I forgot that… It must really have been utterly…”
His mother was on her feet but John didn’t hear her shouts. He ran to his room, slamming the door and sinking to the floor, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes.
that he handed it over without question. He saw his friend take a picture of the email exchange – “Screenshots can be faked, remember,” – and then return his phone, before tapping at his own.
Resting on some kitchen roll in the centre of the table was a pumpkin, lumpy and a little earthy on one side.  Next to the microwave lay John’s sketchpad, tossed carelessly to the side as if John had been distracted by something. An open nearly-empty bottle of red wine sat on the countertop, the metal cap on its side on the floor –
John dropped his bags and turned the collar of the Bunsen burner until its flame calmed to a gentle yellow, waving quietly in the cool air drifting in through the open window. John followed the tube that fed gas into the contraption and located an orange canister under the desk, turning off the supply and banging his head on the table as he straightened up.
Only when John was standing outside Frank did he realise that he was in his pyjama bottoms - not the best attire to wear to barge into a girls’ house. Before he could get very far into his debate over whether to stay or go, Sarah opened the door.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Yes, the circle. Clearly the same paint as the one that was used to paint
“Attempting to,” the head of the local police, DI Martin, added. “We found the car. It was virtually undisturbed, and we’re getting a specialist in this morning to dust for his prints, but his alibis seem to match up. I’ve done checks this morning. It is doubtful you’ll find any evidence that he could have been anywhere else but the carpark of the local pub, rather badly carjacking.”
He stood still for a moment, torn. If he missed football practice, he’d be in detention, but he couldn’t leave his phone, not now. Not if Sherlock was in danger, and it certainly sounded as if Sherlock was in danger.
John was surprised to see half of the guests from the previous night sitting in the huge kitchen. He hadn’t realised so many had stayed over. They all looked up as the four boys walked in, a chorus of good mornings and a tapestry of smiles.
They sprinted through the corridors, John’s heart a panicked thing in his ribcage. Once they had left the school gates, John stopped. Sherlock turned to him, hand still covering his nose. “What time do you take your medication?”
“Vintage American-style trainers. He took such care to keep them off the floor of the changing room. But they were missing when I went in.”
After John had finished his tea, he went back upstairs and found Sherlock’s second present, arranging it on his bed and looking at it for a moment before getting dressed. He was due a visit to the corner shop.
“How is Sarah?” Sherlock blurted out. Mentally, he cringed, but it was the only thing he could think of at short notice to stop John confronting him. John looked at him like he’d just asked him to tap dance.
“Hmm,” he said, opening his wardrobe and looking in the mirror. “I like the way it fits. It feels nice.” He turned to Sherlock, who was frowning. “What?”
The toaster popped, making Sherlock jump a little. John broke the eye contact, turning to attend to breakfast. Sherlock sipped at his water. He was unsure of just how John was intending to help him undo years’ worth of a habit –
Sherlock was suited to this kind of dining, John thought as Mycroft and Viola talked across the table about the EU. The low light and the rich colours and the red wine. His voice seemed deeper, his glances at John, shared jokes when someone said something ridiculous, seemed sharper. He’d brushed his hair at some point, smoothing out the wind and the cold of the day into perfect curls.
“Harry has cut her hair short,” John declared when he walked through the door of room twenty-one after the half term holiday. “I think she’s discovering that she may be more than a little butch.”
John looked at him carefully; Sherlock looked at him right back, and then a smile curled on his lips. Sherlock had made a joke. A joke that was also him saying
The toothpaste and smudged glasses and coat sleeves said that the man was pretty careless about his appearance, and he had a nervous habit of biting his nails and… and… and that was all John could get.
The song ended, but another began almost straight away, so there was no opportunity for disentanglement.
Throughout dinner, Dave was amiable and polite. Sherlock felt cautiously at ease with him, but only because John seemed to feel the same. Despite what Sherlock had told him earlier. Sherlock could only suppose he was putting on a front, or that he was genuinely hopeful that it was going to be a case of fourth time lucky. Either way, Sherlock followed his example.
Sherlock was panting, rearranging their limbs so he could—reverently—flatten his fingertips over the place where their son had grown.
“Yes, fine,” John grumped, finally catching him up and stopping to place both hands on his hips. He took a couple of deep breaths. “You just have to remember that I am waddling for two people here.
Still, he supposed, it stood to reason that anyone who knew either of them would have noticed that something was different.
“Egg and cress?” John asked. He passed the plate to Sherlock. “Course there is. If I’m going to keep you eating regularly, we have to have what you like.” He kissed the man’s cheek.
“Oh, never mind.” He jumped to his feet and started to pace. “Doesn’t matter. John doesn’t trust me with his child or his…anything else. It’s fine. It’s all fine.”
John smiled up at Sherlock as he dropped his head. He nuzzled Sherlock’s throbbing cock with a contented sigh. He huffed the welcome sandalwood and something scent of Sherlock’s body products mixed with the natural musk. He mouthed a line of tender kisses down the length of Sherlock’s prick and back again.
By the time he stepped out of the cab onto the pavement outside the chic eatery on Kensington Church Street, he was feeling positive and happy. He gripped his anniversary gift for Sherlock tightly in one hand and pulled the restaurant door wide with the other.
Sherlock considered this. “I don’t suppose I had realized it either,” he admitted honestly. “I’d never really spent any time with children before. Archie is quite an interesting boy. And his little beta friend, Ahmed, is not at all objectionable. They are both quite bright. Very interested in learning. I suppose I hadn’t really understood that children are far more curious about things than adults are. Therefore, less dull.”
John swallowed hard and began patting down the length of the top of Holmes’ arms. “I-I wasn’t…I’m saying using drugs is a stupid thing to do.” John repeated the collar process with each shirt cuff and then slid his hands up the along the underside of the man’s arms. Holmes was staring down at him now, but John kept his eyes averted. If he looked up, Holmes would most certainly notice the tinge of colour in his cheeks and his dilated pupils.
“Mr. Holmes, this is to inform you that I, Officer John Watson, will be conducting an intimate search of your person due to reasonable suspicion that you may be in possession of narcotics. This room is under surveillance, for your protection and for mine, and Officer Ames will act as witness to ensure that your rights are respected throughout the search process. Do you understand?”
“Oh, he’d had boyfriends, too. Victor delighted in every form of love. He was very engaging and he enjoyed showering affection on others.” Sherlock sighed. “I am not particularly given to — well, I’ve never been one to indulge in sentimentality. Certainly, I had never bothered to explore sensuality. But Victor was different. We were very close. I cared for him and I shall always miss him.”
John started to shudder as his first orgasm approached. He clutched at Sherlock’s hand on his omega cock and held it over the crown, pulsing gently as he crested the first wave.
Sherlock drifted in and out of consciousness. The staff kindly allowed John to sleep in the extra bed and Mycroft’s people turned up with some of his clothes and things. It was, in truth, a far bigger bag than he needed for a couple of days. For once, though, he didn’t mind Mycroft’s precognition.
Shaking fingers were applied to straining shirt buttons. Sherlock refused to meet John’s eyes, afraid he might blush at the scrutiny.
The young man searched his face for a moment. Apparently satisfied, he finally answered, “Yes. I’m English.”
During his detox and recovery, Mycroft had done everything himself. He collected their parents at the station and accompanied them wherever they wished to go. Before his addiction got the better of him, Sherlock had been
“Well, I think it’s gruesome,” Mummy chimed in. “Imagine having something like that in your home. It’s absolutely chilling.”
John had intended the kiss to be brief—hard and passionate (and convincing), but brief. But when his own slightly chapped lips touched the warm, pliant mouth of the young man in his arms, his intentions became blurred.
"Of course, there were also advances," Sherlock mused, with a hand wave. "Anaesthesia, smallpox vaccine, germ theory..."
There was a horrible racket at the door as the ambulance attendants arrived and were directed by the restaurant manager to the spot where John was now panting and groaning.
He asked about her career to learn that she had given up teaching after her first divorce and taken up writing curriculum. She glowed as she talked about scope and sequence and pedagogy—John could easily see how passionate she was about education. She shared that she had taken several contracts over the years, not only in the UK but abroad, and was now doing a lot of teacher professional development.
Now here he was, on his wedding anniversary, sat at his desk at the surgery and staring at his phone as though magically it was going to reconnect him with the love of his life.
“Mrs. Holmes, Mr. Holmes,” John interrupted, stepping forward. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m John Watson. Well, John Watson-Holmes, now.”
“Mmmm.” John rocked into Sherlock’s body and stretched up for a lingering kiss. Sherlock’s mouth was heavenly—the plush lips were soft to the touch, but so firm as they covered John’s. John sighed a little, chasing Sherlock’s tongue as it flicked over his philtrum. “I would love that.”
The rest of the evening passed relatively quickly. As Sherlock had predicted, the conversation flowed easily. They laughed, John listened a lot, and Sherlock—much to his consternation—blushed more than once. The food was good and they tasted each other’s meals without self-consciousness.
“What—when we…what?” John stammered. “Mary, I am already bonded to an alpha I love! I am not…there is nothing of a romantic nature between you and I!”
“The Woman? But she was just a fascinating diversion. Perhaps the most interesting of her kind, but still just a diversion.”
A bullet sank into the seat across from the table John was hiding behind. He fired twice more, feeling an immense satisfaction when he heard a cry of pain from one of the two thugs in the next car. He felt a tugging on the waistband of his trousers.
He lost count; he wasn’t really trying to keep track. The sensations from each sharp sting fed the fire of lust currently threatening to send his conscious mind offline.
They stayed that way for some time. John closed his eyes and let his head fall back. Sherlock watched him and listened to the popping of the fire and the cadence of John’s breathing. Beneath his palm, where it was pressed into John’s denim-covered thigh, he could just make out the reassuring throb of the now-slowing pulse.
John eased them apart and gave Sherlock a reassuring kiss. He turned Sherlock gently and guided him from behind toward the stairs.
John heaved himself up, knees cracking, and worked the stiffness out of his shoulder. He started toward the bedroom at the back of the flat. As he passed the kitchen table, he gestured back toward the sitting room and the package that was still sitting on the floor beside his chair.
The breath was slammed from Sherlock’s body as John pitched into him and attempted to drag him to the carpet. Sherlock had calculated for this option and hadn’t actually intended to fight back, but his training was instinctive now. He blocked the first hit and twisted to prevent John from getting hold of his arm.
“Then why haven’t we conceived?” John asked. “I’ve been careful about my diet. We’ve started using optimal positions. My heats have been regular since I went off the suppressants—every two months like clockwork. Duration is normal…”
“Busy,” Sherlock said casually. He stood and tied his scarf around his neck. “The new children's clinic.”
