Thank you all who commented on this story! It's really made my day (seriously I get a 'you got mail' noise from my phone and my face lights up but its usually just spam >.
If Lily felt tired the next day It was quickly disregarded as the product of a fitful night. By lunch, however, she knew something was off as the exhaustion she had been feeling that morning had not burnt off as It usually did. Instead It only seemed to grow worse.
Three of the adults looked at her with shocked eyes. John just shrugged after all what did they expect from Sherlock's children?
"No Mycroft such actions cannot continue. I did not allow it when you and your brother were children so why should I allow it now? It's…unhealthy." Amalee retorted giving the twins a sour look.
While Lily could get into anyplace and use her eyes to make herself appear weak and harmless Lucian had his own talent. He could make people talk.
“It starts out find, Lucian and I are swimming in a pond when I suddenly can’t find him. I look around to find him sitting on the beach and when I try to swim to him I can’t get there. The water turns thick like I’m swimming through jelly and I looked down to see the water has turned to blood and suddenly I’m drowning in it.”
John, His John, was laying across the bed, spread eagle, wearing only his robe and his face buried in a pillow. He was definitely the cutest person that Sherlock had ever seen. (Not that Sherlock would ever tell him that. Something tells him that John would take offense to being called 'cute')
All four of them worked their way through the types of cake and decided that the banana and pineapple were just too weird to try before coming up with a final decision. But the twins were not ready to go as of yet. "So how do you make all these cakes?" Lily asked as she poked at the pineapple cake making it dance. "Would you like to see?" The baker smiled and led the twins into his work shop as Sherlock walked over to the bathroom.
Sebastian gave a curt nod before fleeing the room. The lights had turned back on after a few minutes but that had only increased the confusion. First everyone had to check on WHY the lights had gone out only to find a small EMP next to the fuse box. Then the security cameras were checked to find that Lucian had (effectively) distracted Moriarty while his sister not only made a TEPG but she also set it off at the fuse box in the middle of the night.
He can be so sweet John thought as he lifted his head to glance at the clock in horror. "Oh my god! Is that the time?! The kids should be home by now!" He gasped as he started to jump up to get dressed only to be pulled back onto the bed. "They came home a while ago." Sherlock growled trying to snuggle into the squirming man. "Sherlock...when did they come home?" John asked carefully as his new lover managed to shift him into straddling his lap.
“Sherlock would be fine for now. Father or Dad if you wish in the future but I know that this is a big change and it will take time to get used to each other.” Sherlock replied as he placed Bartholomew back on the mantle. “From what John has said, everyone has their own hobbies. What are yours?”
“It went fine. But just so you know your children are pen snobs.” John remarked as he gave his tea a quick stir and brought a cup over to Sherlock, settling onto the couch beside his friend.
"I don't' know but Anthea has a lead on who let Moran onto the manor grounds…only problem is they fled." Mycroft spoke as he glared at his phone.
"Look Luce! Boobs!" Lily said as she came up behind her father and watched the attendant hastily put 'her girls' away.
"Yea me either...Anyways we can't do anything about it anyways. So we should just play it like we have been you the big brother and me, uber harmless. But be wary, and make sure he sees it too. He knows we have trust issues so make sure to let him think that he's winning us over little by little." Lily whispered against her brothers shoulder, feeling rather than seeing him nod.
John and Greg shared a cab to Greg’s old flat. He hadn't needed it since he and Mycroft had gotten together. "Alright this is the sitting area, the kitchen, bathroom and the bedroom... That's about all you need to know really." Greg sighed and scratched his head. It was a weird feeling being back. Come to think of it he hadn't been back in over three months. Did that mean that he and Mycroft were living together now?
“They don’t say but I always found it helpful.” John remarked as he watched Lucian agonize over sketchbooks.
A bunch of platypuses are called a puggle (Sort of) also the horney toad is not actually a toad...and only thinks of you as a friend.
Mrs. Hudson squealed at that and clapped her hands. “Oh! That’s just spectacular! Where is the baby?!” She laughed then blinked rapidly as John pointed to the twins. “Oh, that’s even better! Hello you two! I’m Mrs. Hudson Sherlocks landlady and aren’t you two just precious!”
"Because you have not only scare the daylights out of that little girl but you DID NOT LISTEN TO HER OR HER BROTHER! They have both said that they do not want to leave and you DID NOT LISTEN! Not only that but you both have been trying to touch her and she steps away yet Sherlock can touch her? That in or itself tells us that He did not kidnap them since I don't think they have been here long enough to develop Stockholm syndrome. Now both of you GET OUT!" Lestrade yelled, furious over the scene he had just witnessed.
An hour later John and Greg found out that playing cards with the Holmes's was not such a good idea. For while Greg and John folded rather quickly the Holmes' were stubborn and refused to let the other brother win.
Sherlock walked in to find both of his children hugging his lover in the kitchen. “Sweet as that is why does it look like a cocaine lab exploded in here?” He asked while backing away from the children and his John.
Sherlock snarled as he opened the door to find Mycroft on the other side. "What do you want? We're all out of cake."
Lily sat stiffly on the small stool, holding her brother’s hands in hers as John tended to the wounds on her back, cleaning them out and sterilizing them before starting to tape gauze over them. Long wounds crisscrossed her back, some deeper than others. Some were fully healed, scars left by wounds long since healed. Her entire back was covered from the nape of her neck to the small of her back. Only a few inches didn't have either a scar or an open wound. John thanked his time in the army for his steady hands most days. Today he thanked that time for it keeping him from openly crying at the pain she must have gone though at the hands of her mother.
Lavonia Kingsdale was short with long blond hair that needed to be re bleached and caked on make up to cover the leathery appearance of her skin as well as the yellow tinge brought on by years of drug abuse. "Lily Lucian! How I've missed you two!" Her voice rasped and cracked from years of smoking and when she lifted a hand to reveal her blood shot eyes Sherlock could plainly see the track marks lining her forearm, some of them very fresh.
Sherlock had no idea what to do. Comforting people was Johns thing not his. But this was JOHN who was hurting so Sherlock had to at least try.
"What kind?" Lucian asked as Lily started poking at the tea cup with a finger. "I think he meant explosions…" Mycroft announced. "Oh we're fine with those…" Lily said as she tried to dump her tea into Mycroft's.
"Actually ignore that…do you have any questions for us?" Lily was too busy watching the way the tea coated the inside of the cup to answer so Lucian shook his head.
The weeks that proceeded the twins illness seemed to fly by until a series of texts stopped Sherlock's entire world.
That was how it was for the next few days. Someone would come up to give John a hug and Sherlock would then take possession of his blogger while his minions annoyed the offending person.
Lucian are in trouble.” John remarked as the phone started ringing making him sigh as he went to go answer it.
After a hearty lunch they went back to the flat where Sherlock and John realized that there were only two rooms in the flat.
He shook his head. "No before that…about Greg and Mycroft…" John asked eyes wide. "Yes…Is that a problem?" Sherlock hesitated. After all this was John I'm-not-gay Watson. "No no problem just…surprising and unexpected." John replied with a confused stare. "Wait…do they know that you know?" John asked as the thought popped into his head. "Of course they do…" Sherlock scoffed then smiled at his offspring on the stair. "Hello…"
"One day you have to teach me how to do that!" Lucian panted as Lily pulled him into the corner of a soda machine to avoid being seen by yet another cop. "Teach you what?" She asked as they started to run down the halls again. "That thing you just did to the receptionist." Lily stopped when she spotted their father leaning over a microscope. "Don't you think I should have some secrets?" She smiled at her twin before walking in.
The twins blinked slowly before giving a shy smile. "Some art stuff would be nice." Lucian smiled gently as his sister thought it over. Only he could see the wheels turning in her head. "A few disposable cameras would be cool."
The next morning the twins woke to bird song and the feeling of mushiness. "I don't like this very much." Lucian muttered as he tried to pull every single leaf out of his clothes.
"Lily?" Sherlock asked gently as he opened the door to her darkened room. "What?" the Lily sized lump In the middle of the mattress rasped making him frown. "You're really sick...hold on I have something that might help." he said before sprinting down stair a long forgotten memory surfacing. "Maybe this will help?" he thought as he grabbed the Item and sprinted back to his sick daughter.
Lily and Lucian ran down the street with their back packs flung over their shoulders. "Okay I know we're not wanted there but where are we to go Lily-lie?" Lucian asked and they pounded the pavement.
Both children did not make eye contact with anyone, preferring to stare at their cups and huddle as close as possible to each other.
Greg smiled as Mycroft finally got the the heart of his discomfort. "My, they are pretty much self sufficient at the moment. Just give them some space, let them get settled and don't forget they're there. That's about it really."
“No But it’s just my brother. Tell him to sod off.” Sherlock said as he flopped down onto the couch.
"Lily Lucian we are going to be serving Chinese food at the wedding simply because we feel like it. Any objections?" John asked giving the twins a solid look. "Is it chicken?"
"Because you are both too young to be left on your own for a month that is why." Mycroft growled through clenched teeth as he gripped the steering wheel. Greg sighed beside him and rested a hand on his leg. "Relax they don't mean to annoy you My." he said hoping that his words would somewhat ease his lovers tension. "I know they don't mean it, but what do we do with two fifteen year olds?!"
"When I was about eleven or twelve my parents got into this huge fight. They were throwing things and everything. Well my father threw a glass vase at my mother and missed her but hit me. I had to go to the hospital and get stitches in my arm and head the cuts were so deep. Well the officer knew what kind of family I had so he placed me in my uncles care. I lived with him until I was eighteen when I went into the service…we actually had a big fight about that before I left. Actually this is the same house…"
"Well if I cannot help, can we go inside? You are starting to shiver…here wear this until we get in." He said as he draped his Belstaff over her shoulders trying not to laugh when the hem tried to pool at her feet. It was cute.
“Ah, you must be the guard who decided to turn my children into criminals.” Sherlock growled at the man.
"Luce, Lily and I were messing around when she found this old sword. She then took Luce and I as prisoners but we staged a revolt, we chased her through the manor and into the garden when she turned back and told us that we'd never take her alive…then someone hit me from behind." Kyle said trying to remember anything else he might have missed.
"The twins are stalking me!" Anderson snarled as he walked into Lestrades office. "Guess they like you." he mumbled as he went over his paperwork. "I want them to stop!"
“Two days ago I was approached by a woman named Lavonia Kingsdale. She explained that she had given birth to your twins and after a rather thorough DNA test it was confirmed. Congratulations Sherlock. You’re a father.”
Sherlock had actually thought about that a lot and he could do so much more with another set of hands. Experiments would stop blowing up, it would be easier to swipe stuff off of Lestrade, he could send out the other one for Mycroft to follow, then go off and do what ever he wanted (clones make excellent decoys)…plus it would mean twice the brain power! Sherlock thought quickly then narrowed his eyes. But he would undoubtedly be competing against himself who would no doubt be evil because he didn't have a John…wait there's only one john and the other him would keep trying to steal him away! (Sherlock knew he had many faults and the only one he would readily admit to is that he's a possessive bastard {especially with his John, no one is allowed to have his John besides him, got it?}). John can't go with the clone, John is his and his only. No clone was going to steal him away...right?
HEY the sequel needs a title...I'm horrible at them so a little help is appreciated...umm the sequel is going to deal with a few thing that had not been addressed in this story (Like the creepy guy following the twins in chapter 37 which for some reason NO ONE NOTICED! I mean seriously?! You would figure someone would stop and say what about that guy stalking the twins a few chapters ago! But NO!
“Yes, the man that was interrogated told us of a house a few miles out that Moriarty owns. It’s near a little town called Oligos. Now do not get your hopes up as the twins may or may not be there. It is only a long shot.”
After sending the twins off to make their beds John shoved Sherlock onto the couch. "You wanted a crash course in human interaction well here is a foot note you do NOT yell the fact that your daughter is menstruating at all never mind in a public place. That is an extremely delicate thing for a woman!" John hissed making Sherlock chuckle. "True but did you see how fast she responded? She even threw my own words back at me!" Sherlock smiled pulling his blogger down beside him. "And before you tell me that it wasn't the point…it was."
Lily sat by the waterfall and using a flat screwdriver, gently pried apart the disposable camera. She noted where the Electrolytic Capacitor was located before she rewound the film back into its spool.
He came face to face with Donovan who was trying to hand Lily a card. The small girl obviously didn’t want to take it, her arms firmly crossed across her chest and she refused to look at the officer.
"Alright vows...vows...What do I say?" Sherlock muttered as he paced back and forth in front of the twin beds. "How do you feel about John?" Came the unexpected question from the teenager lounging on one of the beds. "I love him."
Alright peoples this chapter takes place a few weeks after the funeral and I know doesn't fit into the story line very well but one of my friends is sick and requested a mystrade that includes the twins helping greg move and Gladstone... I have no idea what I'm doing at this point so bear with me...probably wont even stay up...stand alone chapter?
“Alright I know that you two are...well unwilling to be here. So why don’t we just settle in and you can ask me anything you wish to. That way we can both get to know each other.” She smiled at them.
"Sherlock CALM DOWN YOUR GOING TO FRIGHTEN THE…where did they go?" John asked as be pulled the detective off of his brother and only just noticing the empty couch.
“What? I…er…we’ll start with clothes, beds, linens and go from there?” He frowned trying to think of the things that he needed as a teenager.
Both twins were sitting in the car and eyeing the town with extreme suspicion. They were also whispering to each other…this did not bode well.
“I meant that it’s weird. I mean Sherlock is…well Sherlock. Also I don’t remember you ever saying anything about kids.” Harry responded and stepped back from the twins now glaring at her.
An hour later Sherlock was wheeled the trolley up to the cashier. There was a mountain of clothes and necessities and the cashier did not look happy. But he scanned every single item and John goggled at the total.
Greg sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. "That would explain it…Have you sat down with the twins and told them that wouldn't happen?" he asked then mentally slapped himself as he realized the answer would be a 'no'. "Well you may want to do that before Lily sends you into a sugar coma." He said at the guilty look that passed over Mycroft's face for a split second.
"I know thank you Lexy…oh I wanted to introduce you to Sherlock, my boyfriend and our kids Lily and Lucian." John said as he introduced the bouncy female to his family.
Pressing the camera into a pillow she had brought with her, she clicked the shutter button which set off the flash and with a quick move, yanked out the battery.
Obvious bullet holes and they are obviously shooting at me but why am I not hit? They aren’t aiming for me but guiding me somewhere…leading me somewhere I definitely don’t want to be…and away from someplace I do want to go but what is in that direction? Restaurants main street, people, shops… people and crowds! I have to get back there but that freaking sniper has me pinned down so how? She asked herself then groaned when she thought of the answer oh this is going to hurt.
"I don't know…they were kind of a package deal." Lucian remarked, not lifting his head from his sketching.
Lily and Lucian did not know why they went with the man. So they blamed it on their curiosity to know exactly why the man interfered with their lives.
John turned towards Lucian who nodded in agreement. "Where did she learn to do that?" He asked making the younger twin smirk. "A guy on our block taught martial arts to a bunch of street kids…she snuck in." Lucian smirked at his sister who glared. "Anyway Lestrade is bringing KYLE over to talk with us about what happened at school." John remarked giving her an approving look. "What did I miss?" Sherlock asked as he walked back into the room, phone in hand.
Both twins grimaced simultaneously. "Luna got into a fight at school..." Lucian offered his precious sister up as the sacrificial lamb. "To defend you!" Lily snarled at her brother who then said that she didn't let him finish. To his defense she interrupted him first.
"Alright Lily this is going to be your room here and Lucian you are right across the hall from her. Kyle will be staying for a week and he will be in the room right next to Lucian. Any questions?" Mycroft asked as he helped bring in the luggage. "Not yet." Lily grumbled and sat down on her bed to pout.
"So far you have berated me on numerous things regarding her and I watched as you threatened a man who had the audacity to pinch her bottom. But what I do not understand is why you are doing this. why are you defending a woman you hardly know…or is it that you do know her and I have not noticed? I know I a busy all the time and we don't really get to see each other that often…But when I am busy she is usually free…"
"Alright lets either find shelter or water..." Lily said as she pumped a fist in the air. She knew that being lost in the woods isn't the worst thing out there and sometimes a little morale can go a long way.
After packing the twins, Sherlock and John joined Mycroft at the front of one of his many cars while the kids took the backseat.
Sherlock stared at his brother before sprinting to his room to grab his shoes and coat. "Which hospital is he in?" Sherlock shouted as he ran for the door. "Why should I tell you?" Came his brother’s voice which stopped him cold.
John felt the bed dip beside him and a long arm get tossed over his shoulder to pull him into an embrace. "It will be alright…err…there there?" He heard Sherlock say awkwardly as he was patted on the back.
So he took a few cases and simple ones where he could return home as quick as possible, not wanting to leave them for too long. Even with Mrs. Hudson.
"I promised Lily that I wouldn't let anything bad happen to her and when I get the chance to prove it I broke that promise and they were kidnapped!" He cried and flinched back as his father moved to comfort him.
“Yes…they are definitely your children there Sherl…Luckily I know of another but would like your input on him…”
“Lily, Lucian…what did they do?” John asked with a sigh, he had been so busy with minding their carry ons and watching Sherlock that he had missed the twins sneaking off.
Lily and Lucian looked at each other. "We're not a couple we're twins. I'm Lucian and this is Lily…your awfully friendly Raz" Lucian said with a tilt to his head.
"WHAT THE HELL?! He's a HOSTAGE WHY WOULD HE HUG ME?" He screamed as he flew into a confused rage and started to wreck his office.
“Apparently during the ‘get to know you part’ Dr Verone asked what was the most recent thing that had happened to them. To which Lily replied that they were kidnapped by a Criminal Mastermind who happens to be EXTREMELY homicidal in wanting to get them back and if she were the doctor she would stay away from the windows for a while as he employs a sniper.”
“Mycroft…what…” was all Sherlock could say as he stared the boy who looked almost exactly like him at that age.
John walked into 221b with a smile on his face. That smile then fell when he took in the chaos inside.
"Doesn't everyone?" Lily asked as she followed her father down the stairs. "A little bit." Sherlock smiled gently as he tried to remember where John had kept his gun. Suddenly he stopped and turned towards his daughter. "You don't like her do you?" He asked making her glare.
"Missed you dad." She said as she hugged him back, suddenly missing when she was younger and everything was so simpler.
"Sherlock what is going on? Why are you so flustered?" John asked gently as he tried to sooth his friend.
John and Sherlock came home to find the strange device once again gracing their coffee table, only this time all the tubes were lined up and emitting a light blue fog as well as the tune 'Stardust'. "LILY! LUCIAN!" Sherlock shouted as he ran over to try and turn off the machine.
"Where did you get this?" He asked gripping the paper tightly. "It was in my locker at school." Her response was muffled by the pillow. "Alright…I'm going to bring this to your father….Don't worry you and your brother aren't going anywhere!"
Lily and Lucian pouted as they road in the back of Mycrofts car. Lily held a struggling Gladstone in her lap and glared around her. "I still don't understand why-"
"What is going on between you and Anthea?" Mycroft asked suddenly and blamed the foul towel that caressed his lovers hips for distracting him.
"Why did you do that?" Sherlock asked as Greg was heading out the door. "Sherlock you have done a hell of a lot for the department…you're the only reason that us three still have jobs and I am man enough to admit it, plus you're the only reason that I'm alive right now….I never thanked you for that have I? Well I'm doing it now…thank you Sherlock for saving my life…"
John turned to give Sherlock a small smile in return and squeezed his hand in return then turning around he held out his hand to the twins, Lucian running over to grasp his hand while Lily grasped Sherlocks hand, every occasionally leaning forward to keep an eye on John.
"Don't be a git. I'm talking about having Anthea or whatever she calls herself today march all the way through Scotland yard and right in my office to tell me that
"As we grew up she started taking harder drugs…it started as pot and booze…then coke and pcp…then she started on crack and ecstasy and heroin…she got in deep with her dealer…bill. Last year he came to the apartment with an offer…" Lily spoke then close her eyes as Lucian ran out of the room to vomit. "Bill wasn't only a dealer but…a pimp…he made an offer to our mother…He'll wipe her slate clean…for us…B-But he wanted a t-taste first…And she agreed…He pulled us into the bedroom and…you see he likes children…mainly boys…he-he tried to…." She gasped and pulled herself together as John tried to grab her hands. "He was on top of Lucian…and I had a knife…He was going to hurt my brother…I couldn't let…I-I-I HAD TO…" Lily cried as John wrapped his arms around her as she gasped for breather and clung to him as if only he could save her from drowning in her memories.
All four of them walked out into the garden, looking behind bushes before Sherlock gave a panicked shout, making everyone start running towards his voice.
"This is most definitely a conversation to be had inside. Lucian, Lily do sit down. John would you please make them some tea?" Mycroft said as the two twins sat on the couch and started looking around the flat, the larger male peering into the kitchen and eying the laboratory equipment.
After fetching Lestrade a cup of tea and getting him to sit down John sat next to him, even as Sherlock made disgusted noises and tried to pull him into his lap. "He's always doing that you know. Running off to solve other people's problems but when I confront him about ours he acts as if nothing is wrong!" Lestrade said sadly and gazed into his tea cup. "I'm sorry…is there anything we can do?" John asked as he patted his friends hand and ignored the growl from his lover. "I don't know…Destroy his fucking phone?!" Lestrade growled making them chuckle.
“For as long as you wish. We do not wish to force a living situation onto you or your sister. However, I would wish to get to know both of you.” Sherlock responded making Mycroft and John stare at him yet again.
Alright never mind I'll go up and find out for myself then." The doctor replied as he stood up and started forward to go to the twins room.
John didn’t know what to say. It physically hurt to imagine the young girl basically being hurt at all never mind tortured by their mother and felt tears well up in his eyes.
"Great now I'm bleeding." she groaned as she pressed her hand against the wound on her arm. "Going to need a bandage...wait...blood girl in an alley way and this building connects to the main street."
"John…I'm sorry…I just…" Lucian started but was cut off by a coughing fit that had the doctor a little bit remorseful.
"Yea I'm still trying to figure that one out myself. But the better question is, what does he gain from having us here?"
Both men stared at the government official before they sat down on the floor backs together. "I'm sorry… we have Colonel Moran on camera…he took the twins…"
"Hey Dad! Hey Dad!" Lucian smiled as he came through the door greeting both Sherlock and John in turn.
“Alright, let’s get going.” Mycroft sighed as his boyfriend walked over to wrap an arm around his bicep. “Sorry love, we don’t get to poke at you very often. So we kind of leap at the chance.” Greg said making Mycroft smile a bit. “Well that is true…”
Suddenly Sherlock jerked and pulled his hand from Johns mouth to wipe it on the doctors shirt. "That's it, I'm telling Mrs. Peabody that you were the one that took out her shed."
"And how do you propose we do this Mycroft?" Sherlock snapped at his brother as they were crammed into the car.
right to speak to them without a barrister present or a consenting parent.” John said as he stood up.
Suddenly Lucian raised his hand making the adults frown. “Yes Lucian?” Mycroft asked seeming exasperated.
"Wait a second Sherlock." Trymann said from just outside of the door, halting the detective in his tracks. "I will not allow you to put my grand children in danger, so no one is going anywhere and Amalee? You hush now, this is MY house and you will abide by my rule. The twins are guests in this house. Now Mycroft explained the last year of their lives to me last night and if they wish to draw comfort from each other's presence then so be it. As for what happened with Sherlock and Mycroft…well we are going to have a little chat about that later. Now everyone this argument is settled and breakfast is on the table. I suggest you eat it while it is hot."
Lily and Lucian were sitting on the couch doing their homework (For once there was no fight over who had the right answer) when John and Sherlock stormed into the flat in the middle of a heated argument.
"You wake them up! You're the one that found it!" came the hissing voice of Lucian making John chuckle. Okay time to get up he thought to himself as he started to lift himself up only to be pulled back into the arms of his flat mate. "No…comfy." Sherlock grumbled and pinned his doctor to his side. John chuckled realizing that the detective was not going to let him up. With a quick jab of his elbow John managed to get released and he rolled to his feet smiling at the grumble behind him. "Oh yea that'll go well 'I know you had a long night with that case and everything but there's a strange device on the table and we don't know what it is! Let them sleep it isn't smoking or anything." Lily hissed back making john smile and Sherlock grumble. "Fine I'll get up." He pouted making John chuckle.
"Mycroft…" Greg started but closed his mouth as he realized that there was no good way to phrase the question but continued anyway at the look Mycroft shot at him. "There is no good way to ask this…but why does she see you as a threat?" he asked them immediately regretted the question as Mycroft's shoulders sagged a little bit.
"Personally I hope it's shelter...I can't stand those leaves." Lucian grumbled as they walked through the woods.
The twins spent the night with Sherlock and John out in the living room. All they did was talk, eat and watch movies.
"Okay thats...sweet...but what would you suggest? I'm not walking around with a diamond ring Sherlock."
"I like it." Lily replied and went back to looking under the couches. She liked seeing things from different points of view and imagines this is what a puppies world looks like.
"Sherlock, Lucian out. Both of you." John said as he entered his new patient's room to find both of them hovering over her. "But John!" they both protested even as they were tossed out of the room.
"What was that all about?" Sherlock asked to his son's embarrassment. "Lily's…a girl." Was all he could say then mentally slapped himself at his father's confused expression. "She…Girls are made differently and well…" he trailed off as his sister and John returned.
"John?" Sherlock whispered sweeping his hands down Johns back in a comforting motion trying to get the tears to stop. "That was so sweet of them and poor Neil…" John whispered then turned towards the twins to ask how they like to movie only to find the arm chair vacant. "W-Where did they go?" He asked suddenly terrified to be alone with his detective. "Probably up to their room…Are you sure your alright?" Sherlock asked as he rubbed his friends back until he arched. "Oh…the PTSD and the….no Sherlock I'm fine …thank…" John started then stopped when he realized that he was laying ON TOP of Sherlock Holmes…
"And you Lily…where the hell did you get the paint from?" He asked making her flinch back. "Recreation room." She muttered and slouched down making herself appear to be smaller.
John slapped a hand over his lovers mouth as he kept talking. "Love I was going to say that is so sweet of course you guys can come but the kids aren't coming to the actual funeral…they can stay with Lexy."
John just kept his eyes forward and on the road, the main reason that he was driving instead of Sherlock. He did not know what to expect at the funeral, having been out of contact with most of the people attending for many years. He knew that Harry may make an appearance but other than that he did not know who would be attending, for Shamus had no children nor did he have a wife.
"Kids upstairs?" John asked then smiled when Greg nodded. "Alright we're going to go surprise them."
“Well if my help isn’t needed, I’ll be taking my leave. Have a good day.” Mycroft gave a regal nod of his head and turned on his heel to walk out the door.
Lily bolted out of hiding, right into line of fire, towards the place the sniper doesn't want her to go. Definitely doesn't want me to go in this direction if the way the shots are speeding up are any indication of SHIT! She thought as she ducked into yet another alley way.
"Hello Lily." He said as he sat down next to her and wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close.
The girl looked up upon hearing her name then settled farther back into the tree roots. Hopefully her father would pass by and not notice her, she could not deal with his anger at her action at this point. Not when she was feeling so fragile that a simple gust of wind could break her.
John and Sherlock smiled as they danced their first dance together as husbands. When the music stopped John and Sherlock smiled at each other before giving their new husband a chaste kiss. "Alright! Enough of the dancing now it's time to throw the flowers and for the garter toss!" Mike grinned from behind the megaphone. John groaned and then thought of something. "Ha! We don't have flowers!" Sherlock grinned. Then groaned when Lily handed him her bouquet. "Now you do." "My daughter is evil..."
John fixed tea as Sherlock pushed Lestrade out of the door and turned to face the kids. “I am so sorry about that. Are you two alright?” He asked, his voice soft.
Sherlock paced in front of the hospital room. 'Would John go? He refused to go to Harriet's after he got out of the war so he wouldn't go there... Perhaps he went to stay at Sarah's place.' Sherlock thought as he knew that she and John had remained friends after the break up. 'No he has too much pride to go to her...perhaps he went to Greg’s place."
John closed his eyes trying to ignore his body's reactions. "I-I'm not nervous…" He stuttered making Sherlock scoff at his obvious lie. "Yes you are…but why are you nervous?" Sherlock was like a dog with a bone with this subject and if he wasn't careful then johns answer would slip from his lips.
"Alright! May I introduce the newlyweds! Sherlock and John Watson-Holmes!" Greg announced as the two husbands stood to accept the applause. "Now I Believe it is time to cut the cake!"
"John we're like London. Everytime something happens we come back stronger for it." Sherlock smiled as he linked their hands. "Everything we go through may take some of us away but we rebuild it stronger and just like the Monument we last."
“I’d have to tell the clinic for sure. Speaking of which, do we know if they are up to date on their immunizations?”
"Alright you two these are my digs…make yourselves at home." Raz said as they walked into an abandoned train car decked out to look like a flat. For some reason the two twins looked really familiar to Raz but for the life of him, he couldn't place their faces. Oh well probably ran into them a while back then forgot…though you'd think they would stick out…
go up to the tower control if they found their way up there, we are all in trouble?” Sherlock interjected having heard enough.
Kyle and the twins were sitting on Lily's bed playing what looked to be poker. "Yea I fold." Lucian remarked then leaned over to throw himself on his own bed and watched the two square off.
"What colors should we pick?" Lucian asked his ever present sister who was standing at his elbow. "I like purple you like green…so I'm going to guess purple and green." She smiled sweetly up at him "Alright but which ones? There has to be ten types of green and even more of purple!" he exclaimed throwing his hands up in the air. "I don't know but it's not our money so let's just get the cheapest ones and get out of here." She responded as they picked up said bedding started towards the café, stopping only when Lucian pulled at her arm.
"When Lavonia first came to me with the twins…I'm afraid I wasn't the nicest of people and to make matters worse I told Sherlock that I could take the twins away at a moment's notice. But that was only to make Sherlock attach to them faster and hopefully think his actions through in order not to hurt them…but I'm afraid that the children might have over heard and Lily has decided to take the offensive."
In the end the twins were proven right and the boy was put into counseling. He ended up getting beaten within an inch of his life when he had skipped town a year later. Then he turned his life around and is now a councilor himself.
God I hope I'm doing this right. John thought as he lifted his head off of Sherlock's stomach. I wonder how he tastes He thought and lowered his head to find out, sliding his mouth down his friends most private of places and swirling his tongue around the tip of him. Thank god for the army.
Greg knew she didn't mean anything by it, she was only curious. "Mycroft and I want to be closer and moving in was simply the next step in our relationship."
"YOUR children decided that they would try to help the nice baker with the rest of his order and turn his giant mixer, you know the one they use to blend the large amounts of flour and dry ingredients in? Well they turned that one on high. THANKFULLY the baker understands and is still willing to make our wedding cake." John was not happy. An unhappy John is not to be laughed at.
Lily automatically adapted her 'cute and wounded' expression making the assassin feel a little guilty towards her. "I'm sorry what do you need Lily?" he asked as he gentled his voice towards her.
"You really refuse to greet me? Your own mother? I'm hurt!" She gave a fake sob when the twins refused to budge and as she walked towards then Lily and her brother tensed. Lucian tensed from nerves while Lily was getting battle ready. "A dog might give birth but that doesn't make it a mother." Lily announced making Lavonia grit her yellow stained teeth at her. "Now listen here young lady, I am your mother and I will be treated with respect. And I'm DAMN sure that you will grow out of this attitude of yours." Lavonia may have smiled but her eyes promised retribution for her comment. "How are you Lucian my dear? Have you made any… friends yet?" She smiled as she shifted her target to her son, grinning when he visibly paled and started to shake.
They reached the town of Oligos after a few hours of driving and John immediately jumped out of the car and dragged his beloved out as well. “Alright you’re out of the car now would you please just be quiet?” John begged and seeing that he truly meant it, Sherlock relented. “I’m sorry.” He whispered in John ear making him sigh.
When she finally stopped, Sebastian gave her a one armed hug. "Sounds to me like you two need some time apart from each other." he said sadly then tipped her face up to look her in the eye. "Want me to beat him up for you?" He grinned making her laugh. "Thank you but no." She smiled up at him.
Sherlock's eyes lit up as he allowed the photographer to take a few snap shots of the cake then stole the magnifying glass and placed it on a plate. He held John's hand as they cut out a single piece of the green cake. "Alright now you have to feed each other."
Sherlock gave a curt nod and ran down the hall and down the stairs, knowing how slow the lift would be.
Thank you for reading my stuff, now if you will be so kind as too write what you think of this chapter/story down in that little box and hit 'send' I would be ever so grateful!
"Well sir I believe a convertible will suit you best.." She flirted as she leaned over to expose her generous cleavage.
Lily was walking home from school when suddenly the wall next to her exploded. What was that? She thought and ever her father’s daughter she walked over to investigate. Bullet hole? She pondered when another hit the wall to her left.
"Welcome and please stand. one of the great universal truths in human life across boundaries and throughout the world is love. we see it in families, we see it among friends. From the time we are small children in our mothers arms we are taught to value love in others, at first for the benefit it brings us but later for its' own sake. It saddens us when we see people who have not learned to value, honor, and respect love when they see it in others. Today the world is invited to celebrate a love between two people: The love that binds them together and makes them one. May all who see them, see love and be warmed by it's light. The contract of marriage is not one to be entered into lightly, but thoughtfully and with a deep realization of the obligations and responsibility it entails. The commitment of marriage is different from all others. it's a life long bond that joins two people for better or worse. Remember that love, loyalty, and understanding are the foundation of a happy home. There are no human ties are more important or more tender than marriage. We are gathered today in the presence of witnesses for the joining in bond of matrimony of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. Please face one another.
The next couple of days went pretty much the same way. The only respite they had from the awkward tension was Mrs. Hudson coming up for tea. Her bubbly nature breaking the tension and she even got them to smile a few times. Not that that had made Sherlock jealous and if you say so he would deny it.
Suddenly she spotted a reflection on the roof of a nearby building and the tree next to her exploded, spraying her with shrapnel. "Alright I've had enough." She whispered as she raised her head to stare at the reflection and raised her uninjured arm to give the sniper the two fingered salute. Now that she knew where he was nested she had the advantage.
"Sherlock sit down, you giving yourself a panic attack isn't going to help the situation so SIT DOWN AND EAT SOMETHING!" John shouted then gave a curt nod when the detective instinctively sat down. Sherlock then noticed what he did and swore, loudly. "How is eating supposed to help John? I mean Moriarty is somewhere out there and HE HAS MY CHILDREN!" Sherlock almost screamed then pressed his face into Johns shoulder, grabbing onto the fabric of his jumper. "I don't know what to do John…I just don't know." He whimpered as John turned in his seat to wrap his arms around the detective's shoulders.
OH god! Was all John could think as Sherlock pressed down on him and kissed him back with equal amounts of desperation. When the hell did? Never mind John just enjoy it while it lasts he thought to himself as he skimmed his hands under Sherlock's shirt to caress his back, not knowing if he wanted to pull the detective closer or push him away. Making his decision he curled his hands into Sherlock's hair and ground his mouth to his, all his pent up desire exploding into an almost violent kiss.
They followed the hearse from the funeral home to the church where the attendants laid the coffin on the stretcher where it awaited the pole bearers.
"They REVOLT!" He grinned then lunged at the girl who promptly shrieked and ran down the hall, flinging the sword into a random room.
About an hour and a half later the twins were free to go, having gotten their physicals and immunizations.
their fault. The fault lie with the security guard who instead of bringing them back to their family by any means, decided to just let them try anyways.
alright peoples. I apologize for the length of time it has taken me to update but I'm trying to do everything all at once. So here's a chapter to tide you over while I try to get my life in some semblance of order
"I know but you play you pay." He grinned making her hang her head in defeat. "Alright alright I give!"
"Right go to the park get him to the clinic while I go have a little talk with my little brother." Mycroft said through gritted teeth. There was no doubt in his mind who was at fault for John's current condition.
Sherlock however, simply sat with her and listened, wiping her tears away before asking if he could do anything. To which she could only shake her head.
"They can't be in here!" came Andersons snarl as they passed by Donovan's desk. Sherlock turned to find the ME perched on his lover's desk. "Oh and you suggest I leave them home unattended?" He remarked lifting one brow at the man. "I think this is Anderson." Lily whispered to her brother and they stepped back to watch the show. "Leave them with a friend…oh wait you don't have any friends besides your pet" Anderson snarled triumphantly but Sherlock only huffed a breath at him. "Do you have any kids?" Lily asked suddenly making him jump. "no…why?" Anderson asked suspicious of the girl in front of him.
I think that the next chapter is going to be pretty long (compared to the last few) but only one more chapter stands between you and John and Sherlock doing the Kiss and Make Up thing (always capitalize the kiss and make up as it is important lol)
All the squirming and the sudden movement had loosened the towel and Greg was too tired to stop it mid-fall, letting it hit the floor.
“That’s just how they are Myc. They are both very volatile people in their own way and this is just how they are. They like it like that for some reason.” Mycroft looked at his boyfriend through the side of his gaze. “Well they are odd…”
Alright peoples that was chapter 50 of this story (I'm tearing up but don't tell) the wedding is now over and done with! woot woot no more research for me! until I decide i need too! First dance: Bound to you by Christina Aguilera (Heard this song at a wedding and thought it would be perfect for their first dance)
"Lily-lie…do you think Sherlock's strange?" Lucian asked making Lily laugh. "Of course I do Luce…But we like strange! Hey do you think Johns going to try and feed us tea again?" he retorted making him smile in return. "After your performance not very likely…Do you think he'll keep us?" he asked tentatively, this was the one question that was on both of their minds but neither wanted to ask.
Sherlock opened his eyes to look down on John with glazed eyes, completely lost in feeling. "Oh, yes." He murmured and started to rock. It went slowly at first then started to pick up speed and force as they slammed together, lost in the rhythm as they chased their orgasms until it sent them over the edge and spiraled into bliss.
"Alright what did you find?" John asked on a yawn as he came of their bedroom. "The shinny device on the coffee table." Lily said as she went through the fridge. "What shiny device?" Sherlock asked on a yawn and grimaced at the yogurt Lily was eating. "On the table…Sherlock what is this…thing?" John asked lifting a card from the table. "It's a card John what does it say?" Sherlock asked as he averted his eyes away from Lily. For some reason he couldn't stand yogurt and the Greek yogurt freaked him out.
"Come on, I think I remember Dad telling us about the guy who survived in the woods for a week by eating bugs and using leaves as blankets."
Sherlock glared at his lover suddenly looming over him. "My children are not insane or unbalanced in anyway."
Lucian was wearing a black t-shirt with the words Whisky Tango Foxtrot on the front and dark blue bondage pants with a multitude of safety pins going down one leg and along the straps in the back, he had pinned a small orange rubber ducky with a Mohawk. He too was wearing steel toe boots.
“You should give them away for nothing. After all they are his children and he could easily get custody of them if need be.” The man turned to glare at their mother. “But since I know you will not let them go without a fight over monetary issues here.”
Sherlock then started snickering at that earning him a glare from the driver. "Hush you. Yes some of them will have duct tape in their sporrans and if you don't behave you will quickly find yourself duct tapped to a tree, that goes for you as well Lucian."
John and the other pole bearers then lowered the coffin onto the stone slab then walked back to join their loved ones.
The first day seemed to go seamlessly. Sherlock and John moved all of Johns stuff into Sherlock's room and the children’s clothes into Johns old room.
"Strange how fast my children have gotten along with your son so quickly." He said out of the blue while fiddling with Johns phone. "Not really, he's had a bit of a crush on Lily since the first day they went to school." Greg smiled at Sherlock who scoffed and turned towards John.
The girl however had on a skirt that fell over her knees that had a surprising amount of holes in it, a black shirt that looked to be once a man's dress shirt but was now adorned with safety pins and ribbons. But both had on black combat boots, the only thing in their attire that was worn by both of them.
"Mother this is Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade and his son Kyle, Doctor John Watson formerly of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers also my boyfriend and these two are Lily and Lucian Holmes…my children" Sherlock said then winced at the disbelieving stare. "Sherlock…you don't have children…so its no use trying to pull one over on me. Now lets get these two back to their real parents and…John is it? Thank you for playing along with my son but I don't believe he will require your services now." Mrs. Holmes smiled her brightest smile even as he rebuffed her sons claim. "Mother…they are mine." Sherlock said.
Mycroft raised his hands in the classic gesture of 'I'm innocent in this' and watched as his niece struggle with carrying her bags to the door. "Lily…accepting help doesn't make you weak…not accepting help when you need it doesn't make you strong…it makes you stupid." He said as he pulled the largest bag away from her.
It took all three men to pull the enraged girl off of her mother. "If you ever come near him again I WILL KILL YOU!" She screamed as John managed to drag her into the kitchen with her brother. "Damn it I just want you and your brother back!" Lavonia screamed up at her daughter, trying to salvage what Lily might have wrecked. "You may be violent but you're sill my daughter!"
Lily gave her brother an odd look. "Alright let's do that. We're going to keep walking north until we hit England…Or a town."
"Alright here's everything." Lucian grinned as he put the items on the elder Lestrade's desk. "Everything but the handcuffs."
"I tried to comfort her like you said but when I did Lucian started to throwing things at me and yelled at me to get my hands off his sister and leave her alone." John blinked then strode inside the twins room, face full of wrath.
"You miss my point John. There have been many fires in London but it keeps getting rebuilt again and again, stronger each time. You see Charles II rebuilt London in brick rather than timber. In less than ten years 9000 houses and public buildings had been built with a monument on the sight of Farynors bakery as a reminder of the fire."
Sherlock's mouth was surprisingly firm but gentle at the same time and John could not help but moan at the feeling. But soon it was not enough as he swiped Sherlock's closed lips with his tongue, silently asking for entry and gasping when the detectives mouth opened to swirl his tongue with his own.
Sherlock lurched over to his brother only to grab him by the shoulders leaning in to stare Mycroft in the eyes. "THEN. HUNT. HIM. DOWN."
The twins ran through the halls and through electronic doors that now opened with ease. After all you can't lock electronic doors without power can you?
"I know I just thought I would try." Greg smiled as they walked into the living room. "Alright children, grab what you need to keep yourselves busy and lets get going."
They waited until the day after Moran left to put their plan into action. Lucian had already gotten 'friendly' with Moriarty by pretending to be interested in his work and the stupid genius fell for it hook line and sinker.
Sherlock and John quickly notified the cab driver that there was a change in their destination, sending him to Mycroft’s place.
Again have no idea when I am going to be able to upload chapter 47 (haven't even written it yet) but if you find yourself impatient then you can find this story on Fanfiction . net because I can upload a chapter to there from my phone... as I am in need of a new computer, yet again...technology hates me with a passion
"Yes he does! Just last week he slapped my ass!" one of the teenage girls protested and soon there were other stories about how he goes around unzipping their skirts or even going so far as putting his hands down their shirts. But no one had believed them in the past, saying that he 'was a good boy'.
"Yes, biologically they are Sherlocks, but they are mine as well." John tried to explain but obviously confused the woman further.
"I've come to the conclusion that you two are merely suffering from boredom and that's why you guys have been fighting so viciously. I would like to fill the time you spend fighting one another with other things. Now, what would you two likes?" He asked blatantly as the twins stood in front of his desk.
"Well that's one way to shut her up…" Lily smiled at her father. "She makes me fear for the human race…" Sherlock growled then strolled out of the room.
"Treasure Island, now hush and get comfortable you sound horrible." He said pulling her closer. For some reason the only thing he wanted to do is to pat her and say 'there there' until her aches went away, he couldn't fathom the reason why. He shook off the feeling and started to run his hand over her hair and opened the book to the first page.
"In what world was that not weird?" He asked making her smile. "I think he doesn't have a lot of experience with children or with teenagers…but what about what happened earlier? Why would those two believe that we were kidnapped to the point of threatening Sherlock?" He asked quietly as Lily scooted closer.
alright two chapters because I...well forgot this account exists...again... I'm SORRY!! I swear I didn't mean to forget but I've had a little bit of a time with technology...it hates me...horribly.
The kitchen was a disaster. There was flour EVERYWHERE including all over the twins. There were baking utensils covering the kitchen table (which you could miraculously see for the first time in years) and from the looks of it, the blender was trying very hard to eat everything in reach.
That was how Sherlock found them an hour later, John sandwiched between his offspring and all three of them watching a movie on the telly. "What are you watching?" Sherlock asked making them jump and John blush guiltily. Something he knows I don't like and probably won't approve of he thought as he took a seat next to lily who eyed him suspiciously. "Really?" he growled as Orlando Bloom filled the screen. "Why the hobbit?" He growled making them laugh. "Sherlock…love…this is Lord of The Rings not The Hobbit…." John tried to snicker at his friends? Lovers? Perturbed look.
John moaned beneath him so wantonly that Sherlock had a lot of trouble holding back from thrusting into his blogger. "Hold on John I don't want to hurt you!" Sherlock said through gritted teeth as John gave a subtle thrust of his hips. "And that's fine but I WANT YOU TO MOVE!" John growled and pulled him down for a sloppy kiss and soon they were moving in tandem. John panting as Sherlock pounded himself into him, each thrust hitting that sweet spot inside of his anus. And too soon for their liking they were racing towards that cliff and jumping off almost simultaneously, Sherlock spilling into John while John spilling across both of them.
John nodded and went to grab his doctors’ bag from the closet making sure that he had what he needed to treat her injuries and then waited for them to wake up from their nap.
Lily rolled her eyes then turned towards John and Sherlock. "Dad, Father we're going up to our room…have fun."
"Oh please you only wish to have a short vacation with your lover. " Sherlock said absentmindedly as he pulled his own lover closer. "Wait did you say we're going to the manor?!"
“It’s simple John I don’t sleep much, you do. So, you can sleep in my bed and when I need to I can just kip on the couch. Simple.”
Sherlock glared into the phone with malice. I'm going to switch them into an academy that does not ALLOW their TEACHERS to bombard them with homophobic remarks as well as making incestuous comments about them. And when those children complain about the abuse laid onto them by their TEACHER the HEADMASTER doesn't even look into the remarks instead CALLING MY CHILDREN LIARS! So if you think that this is the end of it think again. I'm not only going to submit your name to the disciplinary board but I'm also going tell your wife about what you do when you spend nights at the school, actions that I'm sure most parents don't want their children exhibited to…now have a pleasant evening.
“Sherlock there are only two rooms in this flat.” John said as he sat on the couch, surrounded by a sea of clothing bags.
"Ah that one was commissioned by a writer and his wife for their anniversary." A smiling young woman came over to smile at the family. "The frosting you see...the one you described as 'paper' is actually fondant rolled extremely thin and layered over the tiers. Was especially difficult to do as the Fondant kept ripping but I think the final product was worth it." Lucian blinked at the woman before shuffling off to half-hide behind his fathers. "As informative as that was we have an appointment for a cake tasting." Sherlock sighed and tried not to glare as the woman made eyes at John. "Yea they need a wedding cake..." Lily piped up making the woman sigh in defeat. "The baker is in the back room...You did request a private tasting did you not?" She asked then led them into the kitchen for their cake tasting.
She quickly grabbed the hidden camera and located the charge switch on the PCB. She then peeled off the tape and removed the button to solder the toggle switch to the pads underneath. She then de-soldered the transformer and Xenon flash from the PCB and threw them into the waterfall, isolating the section of the PCB with the charger unit and cutting the rest of it off.
"What is going on you ask? I was just informed by my dear brother that those two children sitting on the couch just happen to by my BIOLOGICAL offspring." He yelled at his blogger who then paled. "What's more is that he knew about them for…oh I'm sorry what was it again? Five years?" He snarled lunging for his brother only to be held back by his flat-mate.
"Why...I have to get to John, I have to apologize." Sherlock sounded as lost and confused as a child.
The twins spoke in rapid fire. Each question coming right after the last and each of them was directed at Sherlock who could only smile and shake his head. “Not sure about that myself but it must be most of her pay the way she acts.” He responded and led them to Lestrade’s office.
The next morning john was woken roughly as Sherlock seemed to think of him as his own personal snow globe. "Get up you have to see this! Hurry up but be quiet about it!" Sherlock whispered harshly as he almost dragged his blogger out of the bed and up to the twins' room. "Look!"
"Let us commend Shamus to the mercy of God, We therefore commit his body to the ground, earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust; in the sure and certain hope of the Resurrection to eternal Life."
"A few more minutes, Father is still getting ready. Last I heard he was talking about cravats and ties and then said something about nooses..."
"Kind of hard to stay somewhere you aren't welcome Greg. Now thank you for dragging me here but I have to find someplace to stay for a while."
"Sherlock it's only been a week and we are already set to kill each other. Now lets start packing so we can go home."
“Alright I guess I have to go and pick up the twins.” John sighed making his partner (in more ways than one) frown. “Why so soon?” He asked then took the phone out of John’s hand where he was currently making motions like he was going to smash it.
Lucian smiled at his father and walked over (pocketing a monocle on his way). "I know but its weird enough explaining the fact that no those aren't my girl clothes they belong to my sister. Who lives with me when she's in London. Which isn't often anymore so there isn't any worry about her walking in...again." Lucian blushed remembering when she had, in fact, done that.
....summary...smut???? idk I don't summarize very well (I'm pretty sure if you made it this far you know that but hey thanks!)
"I'm just sore is all. Nothing to worry about my dear." He said and shifted a little uncomfortably. "Sherlock."
"Sherlock, the twins have been through A LOT in the last few months. And therapy isn't just for the insane or unbalanced. Therapists help people cope with things going on in their life. Like how my therapist tried to help me cope with being home again. Trust me on this Sherlock. I just want the kids happy and safe."
"You should know that I did not put up with your fathers eating habits when he was your age and I will not put up with yours now eat."
Sherlock placed his arms back around his best friend, cuddling him to his chest. "I like this…" He whispered softly. He loved the feeling of his Johns warm body pressed against his even though it made him drowsy and empty headed. "Alright numpty we should get to bed your falling asleep." John muttered jolting Sherlock into wakefulness. "Wait…I have to say goodnight to them…" The detective yawned making John chuckle.
"You ATTACKED  John. The only person who has put up with you for so long. You knew EXACTLY which buttons to press and you pushed them until you pushed John to his breaking point!"
“Pen snobs? What do you mean but that?” Sherlock asked and blew on his tea to cool it before taking a sip.
Mycroft sighed as he realized that Gregory was going to be difficult about this. "No it's not just your imagination. What ever happened when they were in Moriarty's custody helped them get over their codependency...somewhat. Now if you will please excuse me I'll like to finish this chapter before bed. The twins have to be at Dr. Travis's by eight tomorrow."
Both John and Sherlock were too busy laughing to stop them. So each of them grabbed one of the twins and dragged them to the terminal to present their tickets.
The children simply sat and stared at the gruff man who, to his credit, stared right back at them. From what they could tell Dr. Lochlan Travis was an army veteran (going by the pictures on the wall) and was no push over.
Five minutes later Johns "OH MY GOD!" reverberated throughout the flat, startling Sherlock into cracking a pipette. "What is it?" He asked curiously. "BAMF!" came the answer. Sherlock stuck his head out the door in confusion. "What is a BAMF?" He asked curiously at John's expression. "IT'S A BAD ASS MOTHER FUCKER! Greg thinks I'M A BAD ASS!" John yelled making Sherlock roll his eyes. "oh well we all knew that."
“Hello! You must be Lily and Lucian!” Sarah said she walked into their room where they were asked to wait.
"'old on….you're…you're their da?" Raz asked suddenly looking as if Sherlock had just told him that he was an archangel and the devil wasn't really that bad. "yes…thank you for taking care of them. As for you two…I'm sorry for my behavior but none of that was directed at you…that was all towards Mycroft….will you return with me?" Sherlock practically begged of the two then watched as a silent discussion went on between them.
"Freak?" Lucian asked with a tip of his head making Sherlock take a step towards him, only to be rebuffed by Sally as Anderson tried to put his hands on Lily’s shoulders. "The tall one dear…now where is your mother?" He asked gently as Lily stepped away, narrowly avoiding his touch.
Watson, no offence but you have no right to speak here.” The head barrister announced trying to look down on the Captain.
Greg fought the urge to wrap his arms around his lover. "But when I need to talk about something you can't just run off on me…it makes me feel as though you don't give two shits about our relationship, about ME. And it's not a good feeling at all. I mean besides having sex we don't do anything but fight or at least try too…" Greg gasped when Mycroft suddenly lunched forward at the heartbreak in his voice. "I am so sorry." He whispered as he wrapped his arms around his beloved. "What if you moved in with me? I mean this way we can't just leave during a fight. And I love waking up to you. And it'll bring us closer and save money on food rent and cab fare…and I'll be there for when Sherlock tries something…" Mycroft kept babbling not wanting his Gregory to be able to say 'no'. So the detective inspector did the only thing he could think of, he kissed him. "I love you Mycroft….of course I'll move in with you." He whispered against his boyfriend's mouth making him grin.
"Really Sherlock?" You yell twins?" John asked looking at Sherlock oddly. "Well yes…that's what they are…not good?" He sighed at Johns not good. "Yea a bit not good…MMPH!" whatever John was going to say next was muffled as Sherlock decided to wrap himself around his new lover and cover his mouth with his own. "Jawn…let's forget about this and go back to the bedroom." Sherlock purred then giggled as John tried to wriggle away as the twins descended the stairs. "Okay you two sit down…Sherlock?" John grumbled as the human strait jacket only tightened and Sherlock took a deep breath before looking towards John with pleading eyes. "Do you want me to..?" John asked then gave a heavy sigh at Sherlock's 'please'.
Soon they had all the luggage in the house and were all seated. On the couch, John and Sherlock splayed Out over it while Lucian was sitting on the recliner…Lily was laying on the floor.
"Actually it was very smart dear uncle from what I understand this Moriarty person is a creature of habit in some regards, like John said, and he would want to keep that habit and us on our toes. But this time he changed tactics. Only thing I don't understand is why would he lead Lily somewhere? Wouldn't it hurt dad more if he just blew her head off?" Lucian asked surprising everyone.
"Okay she's gone lets get the hell out of here!" Lily snarled as she and Lucian fled down the hallways.
The detective could see that his John was tense about this subject but the way his shoulders squared. “I want to change that…”
"Please be a road!" Lucian and Lily begged as they ran towards the sound their feet flying in tandem.
"You see Seb? I don't need you to protect me, I can do it myself. Plus you made one HUGE mistake you see. "
John leaned against the counter as the popcorn was being made and tried to calm his racing thoughts. What is Sherlock doing? First that thing this morning and now on the couch…Does he wish to pursue a relationship or is he just playing around to mess with my head? What is his end game? Went through his head as his body went on automatic and poured melted butter and salt over the popcorn. He better not try anything during the film or he will be losing a few teeth…actually I'll just bruise him… "Hey what movie did you guys pick?" He feigned happiness as he brought out the popcorn to the twins and settled on the couch with the other. "Dead Poet's Society with Robin Williams." Lucian said as Lily started on the popcorn. "That should be good." John remarked then glared as Sherlock scooted closer. "I want some…" the detective pleaded as he stuffed his hands into the bowl which happened to be on Johns lap. "Okay I'll make you some…" He tried then sighed at the shake of Sherlock's head. "I don't want a whole bowl I only want some." He said then shifted closer.
"Leverage to ensure Sherlock's absence, a failsafe of sorts...but why would he need a failsafe? What is he planning?"
The next four months flew by in a blur for all four of them. The twins were still learning the ins and outs of living with Sherlock and John. Sherlock was learning (slowly but surely) what NOT to do with children and John was getting more comfortable with the affection that Sherlock was showing. Though there were verbal rules (mainly for Sherlock) there were some unwritten rules that were not broken. For instance: any dangerous chemicals were stored in the blue locker (always locked) that John got him, No body parts were stored in the fridge anymore and everyone always knocked before going into any room (the bathroom especially Sherlock still hasn't gotten over walking in on Lily in the shower especially the shrieking he still won't go into her room after that). So when John was woken from a sound sleep but two quiet voices from the hallway nothing was new.
Lily tried hard to calm her shuddering breaths and pull herself together. "I've survived worse then this, I've come out whole…I will not allow them to make me cry…I'm stronger than that, I'm stronger than them." She whispered even as her voice broke at the last sentence, unsure if that was still true or not, and that terrified her most of all. Where had her strength gone? She wondered as tears started to pour down her face.
Lily blushed and he couldn't help but chuckle at her red cheeks as she stuttered a 'good bye' then fled down the hall to where her brother was waiting.
John smiled up at the babbling detective and covered his mouth with one hand. "Shut it Sherlock. I do wish to marry you too. But with everything that is going on…I can't give you an answer yet…I'm too..." he motioned vaguely to himself.
Even the kids started doing it as well. They would stop talking when he walked into a room or all three of them would be huddle together then quickly disperse.
John jumped as he felt a pair of arms wrap around him from behind and gave a grim smile when Sherlock pressed his forehead against the nape of his neck.
By now John was a little freaked out, they were obviously plotting and the fact that they were not including him generally meant that they were plotting against him.
"Did they really just kick us out of the living room?" Sherlock asked suddenly finding himself his john and his brother in the kitchen. "Those children of yours talk people around in circles Sherlock; pretty sure they either got that from you or Mycroft…" John remarked as he kept one eye on the living room. "I don't know what she's saying to them but Lucian is pale and shaking…" John trailed off making his lover frown. "Lily…I've seen that look on many people's faces but Sherlock…those people were heading to war."
After putting the twins to bed John couldn't help but grin at Sherlock. "What are you doing? Why are you smiling like that? Stop it you're freaking me out!" Sherlock babbled then swallowed when John moved to straddle his hips. "Did you see the twin's faces when you jumped to defend them? Now those two have a serious case of hero worship!" he grinned and started to press kisses all over Sherlock's face. "Yes I did see…what are you doing?" Sherlock asked curiously then immediately regretted his choice of words when John paled and tried to scramble off his lap. "No…it's a honest question not a complaint… Is this usually how you show affection?" Sherlock asked trapping his blogger against his chest so he couldn't escape.
John sighed as he walked through the doorway of 221B and dropped the groceries on the counter. "Bugger." He grumbled finally noticing the absence of a certain lanky detective who was usually underfoot. "At least this time I KNOW where he is for sure." he muttered darkly as he headed up the stairs to the twins room. "I knew it. I knew he wouldn't be able to leave her alone." He said as he opened the door only to stare at the Image before him.
John cut them off right there. "First of all THREE of you are in trouble for keeping this from me...but the dog will stay but if-"
"I'm going." Sherlock announced as he got up and left the table. "Sherlock, sit down NOW!" Amalee cried then stared as her youngest son defied her. "No Mother, I will not. My daughter is probably feeling overwhelmed at this point. I mean so far she's been shot at, escaped a kidnapping, whisked away from her new home, basically told that no matter what she says or does it will not be enough to make you approve of her and right now she needs me."
Lily ran until her lungs burned and she collapsed against one of the many tees, not even realizing she was outside. "I'm not cold…I'm not…" She whispered as the days events finally crashed down upon her. So far she's been shot at, escaped a kidnapping, whisked away from her new home to a place that doesn't want or need her, her brother is slowly drifting away from her, told that she was cold and now yelled at by someone who demanded respect while showing her none. The incident with Grand'Mere at the table simply pushed her over the edge, she did not know how much more she could take before shattered into a thousand pieces like glass.
Later Lily grinned as she walked into 221 Baker street and held a finger to her lips, warning Mrs. Hudson to be silent as she quickly turned and quietly shut the door by turning the handle until the door was closed then releasing the knob, sliding the latch into place.
“You two close your mouths and open your eyes and ears. Maybe you will both learn something today besides how to break in and out of secured buildings.” Sherlock hissed then went back to his thoughts.
"Sherlock you are going through what every parent goes through (at least to my understanding) you won't mess anything up and they will not hate you…at least not fully. Every child goes through a period in their life that they hate their parents…it's a fact of life that every child goes through. Plus from what I hear their own mother, whom they lived with most of their life, sold them to Mycroft like a pair of sneakers. So you're automatically on top compared to her. Not to mention the fact that they can see that you are trying to be a good parent and it helps that you personally went out to bring them back. That's an A plus in my book any day of the week…" John responded to his friend who gave him a small smile before staring at his tea cup. "John…" he asked and continued at John's 'what'.
Sherlock stiffened as his friend...Lover? trailed off. Did he not like it? Was it too different? He obsessed not feeling John start to nuzzle his neck. "Jesus Sherlock if I knew it was going to be like that I would have tried to do this so much sooner." John muttered as he kissed one of the hicky's gracing Sherlock's neck. "So...you did like it?" The detective whispered worried that he was being toyed with and seeing something that wasn't actually there.
"I knew there would be a happy announcement eventually." Mycroft smiled as he handed John a flute of champagne.
"Everywhere...feels like I've been hit by a bus but mainly my head and joints." She ground out making him wince in sympathy. "Sweetheart It sounds as If you're gargling glass...I'm going to ask you a few questions...here squeeze my hand once for yes and twice for no alright?" he asked as he popped a thermometer in her mouth.
Both men jumped when the lights flared on to expose Lily, Lucian, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Greg and Mycroft all wearing party hats and exploding party poppers.
“That’s fine I fully expect trust to be earned and not something freely given. Now tell me about your nightmares.”
John felt the same way so when they walked into the dark flat he didn't notice the rustling and the voice that shushed another.
“Alright so there’s this guy in chemistry his name is Billy. He wants me to go to the dance with him for some reason or other. I’m actually working on a theory that he’s an alien. But that’s neither here nor there. So he comes over while we are setting up for the lab we were going to have today when he starts to jostle me. So I tell him to quit it. I was measuring out the mercury for the three vials when he jostles my arm making me spill the mercury which then went down the sink and now the school is closed down for the next week while they flush the pipes. So you should be expecting a call from the school any minute now.”
“Of course they look like me I had the superior genetics. Now what was all this about? Why are you here?” Sherlock demanded as he handed the twins each a bag.
“Wait! You have no idea what’s going on and-“John had tried to explain every quickly but was cut off by a shout from Lucian as Anderson almost dragged both of the twins downstairs.
Lily sighed at him then moved to glare at her father. "Father told me that it was Gregoravich, that liar." She growled then moved to help her brother start packing the bookcase. Well I say 'helped' when she mainly just pulled everything off the bookcase and just shoved it into random boxes, much like her father was doing at the desk.
"How could I not?...Did you?" John asked as he lifted his head to look at Sherlock's shocked expression. "Of course I liked it, it was with you." Sherlock growled rolling his eyes at John's stupidity not knowing that his words made John melt.
Sherlock lay on the couch staring at the ceiling in annoyance. "JOHN! I'm BORED!" he yelled as his blogger came down stairs. "No new cases then?" Came the reply which only annoyed the detective even more.
Most people (usually in movies) would stop and stare at the front door like it just told them the meaning of life is that people aren't wearing enough hats. But the twins are smarter than that. They didn't stop and stare at the door, they raced through it and down the drive way.
"England...No Greece." The man pronounced very carefully. Then looked towards the woods from whence they came. "You come from big house?"
Later as they lay in bed curled around each other, they couldn't help but worry about the music box. "Sherlock… who else known about that tune?" John asked as he pulled his fingers through the detectives hair. "A lot of people I would assume…it's a very popular tune…OW!" he growled when John gave a tug on his curly locks. "Alright smart arse, who known that you learned to dance by the tune stardust?" John growled back as Sherlock rolled over to lay on him. "Only Mycroft and mummy would…oh."
Lily and Lucian kept running until they almost skidded off the cliff. "Stop I really don't want to shoot you." Sebastian said from behind them.
Soon all of John's displeasure as well as his discomfort with the situation and started running his hands through Sherlock's curls as the film progressed. The detective purred and wiggled impossibly closer making John smile. "Watch the movie you numpty." John lightly scolded as the screen portrayed Keating showing his students the trophy case and started to speak because we are all food for the worms lads. Because, believe it or not, each and every one of us in this room is going to stop breathing, turn cold, and die. Sherlock closed his eyes at Robin Williams's gruff words, not liking the thought of his John dying even though he knew that one day he would have to. "You alright?" John asked threading his fingers through Sherlock's hair until the detective looked up at him. "M'fine." He murmured as Robin Williams voice cut through the darkness of the flat Carpe Diem seize the day boys make your lives extraordinary
"Well…sometimes." John muttered beneath his breath and refused to look Sherlock in the face. Sherlock pondered this new turn of events before picking his blogger up and walking him into the bedroom. "Sherlock?"
"Will you PLEASE un-staple me?!" Sherlock growled trying to be menacing. "Alright but simply because you said please."
The next day Sherlock sat on the couch in his thinking pose, trying to figure out how to solve the issue of John and the twins' safety when Lily burst through the door.
The class flew by for the twins but not without incident (According to the professor Lily has some questionable morals) and they found themselves split up as Lily had calculus while Lucian had geometry.
"Why?" Lily asked obviously suspicious of Lestrade. "Oh just curiosity mainly. Here you go." He replied and handed Sherlock a manila folder with the contents of a case inside. "Thank you, come along children we have to go to st. Barts."
Lucian's shoulders sagged at her words. "I know...But this may be our last and only chance to do this...
Sure enough not even a minute later there came the sounds of pounding feet on carpet. “MR HOLMES! MR…CAPTAIN WATSON HOLD ON A MINUTE!”
Sherlock led John up the stairs of 221B Baker street feeling like he was walking on air. His John had said yes and was willingly marrying him.
"Yes...I guess Sherlock made it VERY clear to John that the twins were not his children...yea he said as much when he was hyperventilating... No his breathing has slowed down...Yes I'm still taking him to the clinic... be there soon."
John stared at Sherlock in fear. For he knew that even though they curled up together at night they have never done this. Now that line has been crossed and if he so chose to Sherlock could beat him within an inch of his life. "Err…" He said placing his hands on the detective's chest to lift himself up. He didn't get very far before he felt his best friends grip tighten on his waist was yanked down again. "I don't want you to move… you're very comfy." Sherlock rumbled and started to stoke his hands up and down his doctor's back, treating him in a very cat like manner. "But the children…" John argued feebly making Sherlock glare. "The twins are up in their room. If you did not want to lie with me you do not have to make up some excuse to get out of it. Just tell me so." He snarled and moved his arms away, freeing the doctor from his vice like grasp. "Its….Its not that… I don't want to…" John blinked at his tone, his last words muffled as he half buried his face into the detective's shirt.
I did not have her do anything. I forgot about it while she did not. But doesn't it get to you that your puzzle was solved by a fifteen year old girl? SH
"I know, it's now or never right?" she grinned and snapped another picture of her brother, making sure to get the sky line behind him.
"Go watch the telly or play dolls or something." He snapped making her glare. "Just because those may be your favorite past times does not mean they are mine." She snapped back then headed out of the door.
"Oh good, Sherlock this…Hussy climbed into the bed with this boy. God knows what they have been doing all night! I will NOT put up with such actions under my roof!" Amalee looked as if she was preparing to stamp her foot after her little tantrum.
"Two reasons. One: if Sherlock and John kidnapped them then it would be important to listen to them.  However, the boy has said that they were not kidnapped. Two: you do not put your hands on a child at all. Never mind the fact that they’re Sherlock's children.
John left the group of Holmes's and walked forward to join the small group of men standing next to the coffin. He then joined them in lifting the coffin up to shoulder height and carrying it into the Church where the priest was waiting.
"Oh my god Lil, I haven't seen you in ages! What have you been up too?!" He asked as he let her down to take her hand.
Sherlock was laying on the couch, staring at the ceiling in annoyance. “JOHN! I’m Bored!” he yelled as he heard his blogger come down the stairs. “Well if you hadn’t insulted Lestrade, the chief and all the officers at the exact same time then maybe you would have a case to work. But since you did-“His words were cut off as a pillow managed to smack him right in the face. “It was their own fault! That case was barely a two John. A TWO! There’s no challenge anymore. I WANT A CHALLENGE!!” The Detective yelled then yelped as the pillow hit him back with a little more force than necessary.
Lily had her legs draped over her brother's lap and he was shifted sideways with his head placed on her shoulder, both sets of eyes glued to the telly. "How…?" John started to ask but Sherlock cut him off by taking the bowl of popcorn from his lap. "Let me" he murmured as he positioned his best friend's legs in his lap, angling him to land on the pillows before leaning over to press his face into the curve of Johns shoulder. "See I was right…comfy."
Take Moriarty for example, he had just told Lucian that he was a criminal mastermind and had gone on about his work, revealing details that should never have been revealed. He also just destroyed his own plan by calling Sherlock 'their father', oops.
Reaching over he yanked the phone out of her hand and slammed it so hard back into the cradle that the plastic split. "I need to see John Watson now if you'll get off the phone with your boyfriend who happens to be gay you can do your job and TELL ME WHERE HE IS!" Sherlock snarled at the scared girl who went on automatic.
"My, come along it won't be as bad as you think. God knows you might have a bit of fun." Greg smiled as he walked over, jokingly pushed John out of the chair and sat down to give his lover a pointed look. "I still don't understand the need for this." Mycroft hissed as he walked over to where Gregory was sitting. "Just be glad that they didn't toss the bouquet to you love. Now, I don't think the garter is going to put itself on. Do you?" Greg's eyes danced as he waved a leg at his lover. "Fine but this is dull."
Sherlock carefully made his way up stairs, balancing a bowl of soup with one hand and a bottle of water with the other. "Lily? I have soup." He said as he pushed his way through the door.
Sherlock and John walked around the small town, asking almost everyone they saw if they had seen the kids in the picture.
At Lunch the twins found themselves sitting by themselves watching the other student's converse with their friends. They did not feel the need to join these children in their seemingly random conversations and Lily had no interest in sitting with any of the girls as 'they have no real opinions except where fashion lies'.
Both twins turned to look at the group of teens that started to approach them. They both silently agreed that they were the village idiots and started walking away when one of the boys grabbed Lily and pulled her close. "Hey baby, wanna hang with a real man?"
The fight continued for several days, Lily running to Sebastian for advice while her brother went to Moriarty. Both men, when asked for advice, would do whatever they could to widen the rift between the twins.
"Oh those are nice…Is there anything else you need?" Sherlock asked only to look confused at Lily's blush. "Why are you…Oh OH! Alright Sherlock you stay here with Lucian…no offense but you're not the most sensitive of people." John said as he led Lily over to the feminine hygiene products. "Grab what you need alright?"
"Not the best time to do it, I know." Sherlock whispered as he led John over to the couch so he could have a proper cuddle with his blogger. "I do have a question for you though."
Lucian was wearing a black tuxedo with a purple rose boutonniere and his cufflinks were a light blue color. He had asked if he could wear a heather flower crown but they had said no. His short hair was spiked up with some kind of gel and Lestrade had helped dye the tips of the spike a bright purple in lieu of wearing flowers.
"ANDERSON! DONOVAN! Right here right NOW!" Lestrade shouted making every one jump once again. "As of this second you are both suspended for two weeks." He snarled making the two pale.
"Sorry dears but I don't believe that I've ever encountered that before…" John said and leaned over to put his head on Sherlock's shoulder.
John stood silent and stared at the coffin. His eyes never leaving the sole white rose that adorned the mahogany wood. at the moment he wasn't grieving, he wasn't anything. He was just numb as they lowered the coffin into the ground. He didn't hear the priest as he droned on about his uncle Shamus. He didn't even realized when the people who came to mourn the man silently dispersed.
Lily and Lucian climbed back up the cliff until only the top of their heads peaked over. They couldn't see the assassin but that did not mean that he was not there.
John stood at the back doors of the ballroom and tried to breathe. He loved Sherlock deeply and he wanted to be married to him but for some reason he felt as if he was going to vomit. "Dad you alright?" Lily asked as she walked over to hand him a glass of water and peered into his face. "Let me guess, nervous?"
Sherlock didn't need him to finish that sentence so he stopped John from talking by covering his mouth with his own, kissing the man deeply.
Properly chastised the Detective never did fall asleep while watching the children. Not for fear of what they would do but fear over what JOHN would do. And that frightens him more than anything else.
"Yes I am now as a Detective Inspector I hereby demand you dance a song with me then take me home to take advantage of me...which I will thoroughly enjoy. Understood sir?"
that you don't expect her brother to defend her. My children do not go around accosting people and only get violent in the situation that warrants it!" Sherlock snarled at the father of the broken nose.
"I don't need your help Doctor...Why don't you go sit by some ailing person's bedside." he snarled but John only drew himself up. "I'm only trying to help Sherlock. You needn't be mean, I am not the enemy." He said making the man glare even harder.
Hearse deliver coffin to church coffin put on stretcher type thing pall bearers will carry it to church after service to graveyard piper pipes the coffin into the grave friends and family are read out and step forward to take hold of the lowering ropes then throw small handful of dirt on top of coffin.
"SHERLOCK!" John yelled after getting off the phone with the headmaster. "What is it?" the lanky detective asked not bothering to look up from his microscope. "We have to go to the school." John said through gritted teeth. "What happened? Are the children alright?" Normally it would warm John's heart to see such concern but he simply glared. "Oh they're fine. By the way that was their headmaster threatening to EXPELL them on their second day of classes!" John snarled slamming the phone down into the cradle.
"Hello Sherlock, Yes we've found your children. If you will give me a minute I'll tell you where they are." Mycroft snapped at him making him blush.
"Part protecting and part spoiling eh Mycroft?" he grinned and then stared as the iceman blushed. "Yes well..we also figured that the twins may get bored at the manor and this might keep them out of trouble for a while. Also we will be picking up the Lestrades to keep them out of the cross fire and Mrs. Hudson has gone to her sisters."
John sighed as he got his boots and coat on then struggled to conceal a growl as he was pulled downstairs and into a waiting cab.
"It's English which is weird because it was originally Chinese." Kyle offered and struggled not to laugh as Lily began putting everything on the tray into her cup…in massive quantities. "Sugar, Agave saccharine and almost an entire lemon?" He asked making the girl smirk. "And cream, don't forget the cream!"
"HELP ME! OH GOD PLEASE HELP ME! HE'S GOING TO KILL ME!" she shouted as she pounded on the door with the flats of her palms. "What the?" The cook started off as he opened the door to find a blood soaked teenage girl on the other side of the door.
Sherlock lowered himself down slowly on John's cock, teasing him until he was fully seated upon his lap. Then he just sat there, eyes closed. "Er, Sherlock?"
When everyone was seated with a cup of tea and Lily recounted her story for the second time Sherlock told them about the threatening texts, which Mycroft exploded over. "YOU PUT JOHN AND THE KIDS IN DANGER SHERLOCK AND FOR WHAT? A GAME? A CLEVER PUZZLE FOR YOU TO SOLVE? LILY COULD HAVE DIED OUT THERE TODAY!" he roared making John jump to his feet. "First of all Mycroft, He isn't at fault here if anyone is I am." John shouted over Mycrofts roars of stupidity and responsibility. "Sherlock told me about the texts last night and we both know that Moriarty wouldn't strike right away as he likes to play with his targets. He likes his prey good and terrified before he springs his trap remember? So I told him not to say anything to you and the kids until we figure out the best course of action. That way the kids would be safe at school and wouldn't have to look over their shoulder or wonder why there are men following them everywhere they go, essentially freaking them out." the army doctor said as and he moved to wrap Lily in his arms. "Well that was stupid." was the only response Mycroft gave.
“Alright everything is now in the room and I am not sure what we are supposed to do now.” Sherlock said as he handed the skull to his daughter.
Lily and Lucian sat on their beds doing their homework when the radio switched from 50 ways to say good bye by Train to Wreaking ball by Miley Cyrus. "Oh my god! Change it I think my ears are going to explode!" Lily cried as Lucian fiddled with the radio.
“I don’t like shopping. Are we done yet?” Lily asked as she dragged her feet, leaning back in a classic teenager pose of boredom.
Sherlock sighed at the doctors (totally inadequate) explanation of his feelings. "I thought you were supposed to be good with feelings."
"What?" Lily rasped as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes just in time to see her father, brother and John run into the room.
The three males of the house were driven out from their dreams by the sound of Lily screaming as if she was being flayed alive.
“Twins, head north east from village. They head here but not know they come.” He said and scooted just a tiny bit closer to John. “I wait for them, they very nice. I help…”
"Let me guess, Mycroft might have told HIM about it…" John asked gently as his lover grimaced and stiffened at the same time. How he did that John would never know. "I honestly do not know…I'll ask him tomorrow." Sherlock rumbled into John's chest. "Will you tell him about the music box?" John asked even knowing what the answer would be. "Of course not John! Why would I tell him anything?" Sherlock grumbled lifting his head to stare at his lover.
"Oh yay! You're finally awake!" he smiled gleefully making her question his sanity. She would have to play this very carefully. 'Princess bedding, pink room, dolls, tea set. he thinks I'm a child, a scared child...I can work with this.' She thought quickly before running over and lifting one of the wooden chairs over her head. "Who are you? Where am I? Where is Lucian and Kyle? Why did he knock me out?" She demanded making sure he saw the tears in her eyes, the tremor in her body and the quiver in her lip. Her body language screaming out to everyone: help I'm a scared little girl trying to be strong'.
Suddenly the door opened quietly and Sherlock saw his offspring try to creep through the flat only to stop short at the sight of John and Sherlock on the couch. "Upstairs we are going to have a chat later." Sherlock mouthed to the twins only to smile when John cuddled closer only to sigh as he buried his face into his neck. Ever since they started sharing a bed Sherlock had noticed John growing more and more affectionate towards him and he himself felt more at ease in returning the affections given.
As he walked up the stairs to the flat, he was met with the most beautiful music he’s ever heard. The notes rose and fell like the tides and then swelled back again then quickened to fierce notes that faded into wispy sounds that rose and fell like the wind, eventually coming to a complete and final note that rang out to fill the air before fading as if it never had been before.
Afterwards John stroked his best friends sweat slicked skin unable to do anything more than lie there and pant. "Give me a second and I'll stop crushing you…" Sherlock grumbled into his best friends shoulder making him chuckle. "That's alright…I don't think I'll be able to feel my legs for another week anyways….you can always just stay where you are…I have no complaint." John remarked making Sherlock laugh as he rolled them over to cuddle John.
Lily looked at Lucian who eyed John's red face. "wow madame…you're going to hell!" he said then turned around to sit back down.
“Then can you please find something else to keep you busy?” John asked on a sigh not really having the energy to pack never mind keep the twins entertained.
“What’s up freak? Haven’t seen you in a while and it’s been nice.” Donovan remarked as they walked up and she sent a pitying look towards the kids. “Still don’t understand why you’re trusted around kids at all. It’s only a matter of time before they’re taken away.”
“I just wanted to share it with you. I mean it was you who pushed me towards rehab and honestly I hated you for it. I thought that you hated me and wanted to change me. But then I realized. You didn’t hate me. You loved me. The entire reason you pushed me into rehab was because you wanted me to live. Really live. Clara did as well and I really messed that one up.” Harry said with tears in her eyes.
"Wait did that just come out of your mouth Mr. I'll have the last word even if it kills both of us?" John asked then pretended to faint into the couch making the twins laugh. "So theatrical…" Sherlock said with a grin. "Who left it?" Lucian asked as he started to shade in his drawing. "Good question." Lily responded then visibly jumped as someone knocked on the door.
ALright peoples...found out that there is a 'rich text'  button...so yea it's going to look a bit different from here on out and when you have finished reading this chapter i need you to remember one thing
"Well at the moment you are the most formidable person in her eyes so she's testing you…that's all. But from what I hear at least she isn't putting living things in your room or surprise attacking you…" Greg said handing the government official another glass of water. "True Sherlock was a handful at the best of times and luckily has mellowed out some as he got older and Lily definitely cannot compare with him at that age." He said making Greg stare. "Mellowed out?"
Everyone turned to find Kyle Lestrade at the threshold, pale and shaking with unshed tears in his eyes. "Why are you apologizing?" Sherlock demanded, honestly confused as to why.
"What if I mess this up and they hate me? Or worse they turn out to be serial killers or I damage them to the point that they cannot be fixed?" Sherlock obsessed making John laugh.
"Sometimes I just love you too bits." Lucian grinned as he interrupted her thought process and threw an arm around her shoulders to give her a one armed hug. "Just leave it to me Mo Dheartháir."
"I know you don't want to hear it Sherl…But they have been through so much lately. I honestly think that a therapist is needed Sherlock."
"You're going to be fine Dr. Watson." the pretty nurse smiled at him while she removed his blood pressure cuff. "Thank you Melissa." He murmured back and moved to lay back against the bed suddenly very tired. He had forgotten how bad the panic attack could get and how much his psychosomatic limp had hurt him. "Hey John." Greg smiled gently as he came into the exam room. "How you feeling?"
Greg blinked for a second then gave a solumn nod. "Right...So i'm NOT going to ask you if you have set a date yet because you two just got engaged and I know it drove me up the wall when I had first proposed to my wife. So now i'm going to pull your kid out of the punch bowl and ask her what she put in it..." He said then wondered towards an evil looking Lily.
At the end of the week Lily and Lucian received their course list as well as their list of items they needed for school. "Why book covers?" Lily asked in the store as John had immediately dragged them out to get the items they needed. "To keep the books clean." John responded. "And we need this stuff for today?" Lucian asked as he threw a bunch of binder paper into the shopping cart. "No but you will need them soon…school starts in three weeks so it's better to get everything now…What's next on the list?" John asked a sullen Sherlock who tore the list out of his pocket. "Highlighters and Graph paper." Sherlock and Lily said in unison, making everyone stare at her. "Show off…where's the graph paper?" Lucian asked then smiled as a grumbling Lily led him through the aisles. "Sherlock don't sulk." John said as they followed then shook his head when the detective opened his mouth. "No Sherlock they cannot be homeschooled!"
"Not really." She whispered quietly and stared down at her plate. No matter what Moriarty said or did he never got more then two words out of Lily at a time. "So Lily what are your favorite subjects in school?"
"Alright enough of the questioning Mycroft you can do that tomorrow. Right now the twins are cold, tired and more than likely starving. Now lets get them feed and into an actual bed then you can ask them questions tomorrow. Alright?" John snapped at him making him blush guiltily.
The next morning john woke to find Sherlock still wrapped around him, snoring lightly in his ear. This must be so exhausting for him John thought to himself as the man in question snuffled lightly against his neck. "Time?" the detective rumbled as he cuddled into john.
"Sherlock Holmes." Came a deep baritone from the doorway making them turn to find said 'manky pikey' in the doorway.
"No Sherlock that was very very good." John smiled up at his love not noticing the children giving each other air high fives from behind the couple.
"Just a bit, yeah" He said and smiled at the little girl who had become a rock for him the last few days. "Alright...how long?"
John moved to speak but Sherlock lifted one large hand and placed it against his mouth with a shake of his head. "No don't speak just yet; I'm just trying to find the words." He said with a sigh and continued.
“I know you didn’t want to take a flight Sherlock but I don’t think I can handle you AND the kids in an enclosed space for almost nine hours…” John said as he wrapped his arms around his lover.
"Now when we get to the manor I want you to keep in touch at all times so…pay attention!" Mycroft snapped when he realized that he was being ignored by everyone but John. "Thank you, now my brother and John have cell phones so keeping in touch isn't a problem the problem lies with you two." He said giving a nod towards the twins. "Here you go, now these cell phones have already been programmed with John and Sherlock's number as well as my own and I've taken the liberty of downloading some apps that you may find useful, Lily yours is purple and Lucian yours is green…I believe you both favor these colors. Now please be careful and UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES ARE YOU TO EXPERIMENT ON THEM!" he said looking at his brother while pulling out two brand new iphones out of the bag making Johns eyes go wide and he started to smirk.
"And I would let you take them." Came a deep baritone from the doorway making them jump. John stood so quickly that he lost his balance and fell onto Lily's bed. "Sherlock I…" he started but stopped when the young girl wrapped her arms around his neck effectively stopping him mid sentence. "It's my fault, Luce and I saw the state you were in and assumed the worse and John overheard us and corrected…me." Lily babbled but stopped when Sherlock sat at the end of her bed. "It's alright, I knew that I would eventually have to confront this issue with you two but I never thought it would be so soon. If I ever fell back into that life I would hope that John gets the two of you out of here as quickly as possible…But I honestly don't see me doing that any time soon." Sherlock announced pulling John against him before answering the 'why' that pervaded the room. "You see…the only reason that I did it in the first place was…boredom. For me boredom is extremely….unsettling. My thoughts race and I just needed something to stop it…but now I have you three and….life is anything but boring now. Plus I really do not want to disappoint you three… Mycroft can go soak his head for all I care, but you three mean the world to me and I don't want to lose that."
“See! I knew that something was up with these two!” Anderson almost shouted, gesturing to the twins that were trying to get away from him but were trapped in the kitchen with the M.E. in between them and freedom.
"He took a monocle...You know over the last year I've been working with him we've been on numerous cases together and there have been some REALLY valuable items just lying about. He never takes that stuff. But he'll take a guys monocle. I mean why?!"
"You're right…I'm sorry and thank you." She muttered as they walked through the door and into the foyer.
"WOW! The 'beautiful and stupid stereotype in the flesh…all yours dad…" Lily said as she walked over to see if Lucian really would fit in the trunk of that convertible on the sales floor.
Mycroft was having a lovely conversation with his father and brother when he leaned over to grab his tea cup and take a sip…only to spit it out all over the table. "Mycroft? Really?" Amalee scoffed as he dabbed at his mouth then turned an accusatory eye on his brother. "Don't look at me Mycroft, you are the one who gave Lily the tea…and the tray." He smiled making his father laugh. "I saw her playing with the sweeteners but I didn't see her switch the cups!" He laughed making her blush and his eldest son scowl. "Why is it always my cup?"
She was abruptly let go as Lucian balled up a fist and slammed it into the boys nose. "Don't you EVER touch my sister!"
In their defense, Sherlock was only defending his country against a man stuck in the past and the twins…well they did not think their actions would affect John. So John just sighed and ambled on, knowing they were trying their best to behave.
"You mean sleeping on the lube." John said and watched as Sherlock blushed again. John never knew that Sherlock could blush so much and aimed to keep making the man do it over and again. At least until his face was permanently red.
The next few days concerned John as he noticed Sherlock becoming secretive and slightly withdrawn. He would walk over to say something to his lover and Sherlock would stuff his phone into his pocket. Or he would just walk away while he was on his phone.
“The twins were trying to bake a cake when the blender and mixer turned on them.” John explained as he handed both of twins a damp towel.
"I don't know...but I do know that he probably won't want to cuddle with you while you read to him..."
Afterwards John and Sherlock were sitting in the living room while the twins did the dishes. "I still don't see why…" Sherlock began but stopped at Johns flare. "Chores Sherlock…every child does chores this is the way it goes…"John sighed blowing across the top of his tea cup before taking a sip and ignoring his friends pout. "Fine…what do we do afterwards?" Sherlock asked as he scooted closer to John. "I don't know see if they want to watch a movie I guess…" John remarked not noticing Sherlock sliding closer towards him. "What movie?" Sherlock asked knowing that his friend was trying to ignore him. "I don't know why don't you ask them what they want to watch?" John snapped finally turning towards Sherlock who was much closer then he realized.
“When do we have to give them back?” Lucian asked then pocketed his before it could be snatched away. “He didn’t say we had too…”
She grabbed his arm and kicked him in the ribs (Very hard to do in a skirt!) basically dislocating the boys arm. She then turned towards the other two. Once was currently pounding on Lucian (A rugby player verses an artist real fair fight that is!)
A few hours later everyone had helped pack the entire flat up and Greg was treating them to coffee and ice cream. "So why are you moving in with Uncle Mycroft?" Lily asked.
At this both twins looked up from their plates to study each other and with a brisk nod they got up to join the conversation.
"You mean they heard EVERYTHING?" John gasped in horror wanting to strangle his friend. "OF course not, our room is sound proofed...why?" He asked gently as he managed to get his angry blogger to lie back down on him and smiling at the disgruntled growl that followed.
"No…John you'll always be mine right? Mine alone?" Sherlock asked making John frown. "Of course love…"
"Amalee…That is enough, leave the poor boy alone." came a commanding voice from the top of the stairs.
"John the only person I would think about doing something like that with is you. Which makes the whole celebration thing pointless if my sources are correct."
"Damn just a sprite then." Lily pouted as her father (john) told her that no she could not order wine.
“No you can’t I can take care of him!” He growled making the other man smile grimly. “Perhaps I can arrange a flight for you all if you wish.”
"Nothing's wrong with it, Lily's a vegetarian." Lucian announced making Jim put on his shocked face. "Oh! Well then this simply won't do my dear! let's get rid of that nasty dead cow and have some rabbit food instead! Though you must love animals a lot to denounce eating them!" He said as he told the maid to get Lily a salad.
"There you are…have some tea while we discuss what is going to happen alright?" John smiled at the twins even though they simply stared at him in mutual distrust.
"Always looking to meet new friends. Now…what are you two running from if you don't mind my asking?" Raz asked and smiled at their amazed faces. "You both have that look about you like you're a second away from bolting…see that look on mice a lot."
Sherlock was inconsolable. Everything that John tried only made him more withdrawn. "Come love, you're about to pass out from hunger and exhaustion...Come eat something and get a little sleep... please." He practically begged then took a step backwards at the look in his lover's eyes.
Lucian ended up staying for a few hours before Sherlock started yawning and was sent to bed. "Was that everything?" John asked with a conspiratorial giggle.
"What? Why would he do that? OH! I get it! If Mycroft sets up a pretend threat then Sherlock and his doctor would automatically blame me! Then he could spirit the twins away and I would never have gotten a hold of them! It's brilliant!" Jim said and clasped his hands together.
Sherlock and the twins looked confused and when Lexy tried to explain John put up a fuss. "Come on "Lex, please don't I ju-" Sherlock covered his lovers mouth with one hand and motioned for her to continue.
The detective hesitated before pressing his mouth to the corner of Johns and after seeing his best friends eyes glaze and dilate in pleasure, pressed his lips firmly to Johns.
Lily goes head to head with the therapist...sort of in a very Lily way. After all why argue with someone when you can just scare the living daylights out of them?
Panting Sherlock ground his erect member against Johns, desperate to watch Johns face during orgasm. "Sherlock...I..." John gasped as he rubbed back, increasing the friction generated between the two men grounding against each other for all they were worth. "GOD...JOHN!" Sherlock almost shouted as he too came across the stomach of his friend turned lover.
Suddenly Lucian stepped forward, knocking the Medical Examiners hand away from his sister. "Are you fucking deaf? We are NOT leaving and we have NOT been kidnapped and if you keep trying to send us back to her then I promise you, you will never be able to find us again. And if you keep trying to touch my sister I will break every bone in that hand!" he snarled venomously making the ME step back in fear, allowing Sherlock to walk over and comfort his sister.
"Oh Lily…Sweetheart." Sherlock said as he spied the little girl huddled into the tree roots, legs drawn up against her chest with her forehead pressed against her knees. Unfortunately her long dark hair obscured his vision of her face. "Come here sweetheart, it will be alright."
“No they were taking advice from someone in authority, Mr Rawson here. Now he instructed my children that they had to break into the tower control in order to see it. And seeing as he is part of the security force here, they took him at his word. Now who do you really think is at fault here? The children who were taking point from a security guard, employed by
"Yes I was just informed that three children in one room make noise and as you three were especially quiet I was wondering what you were getting up too." The detective asked and everyone sat back to watch the banter between father and daughter.
John was ready to pull his hair out by the time they arrived at the therapists office. Both twins were being extremely willful and both were very sure that they didn’t need to go.
"Pictures...definitely need pictures...one to Mycroft...one to Lestrade ...one to Molly they are so sweet!" John smiled as he quietly left the room. He knew that his lover would sleep for a while yet and if the army doctor took that time to get some blogging done...well who would blame him?
“Cause no one uses those machines!” Sherlock grumbled as he stood up to glare at his brother. “What do you want?”
Sherlock didn’t miss the fact that Lily had not said a single word the entire time and was very curious as to why. But he was smart enough to not bring it up, figuring that she will speak when comfortable.
"Freak?" Lily asked quietly making Sherlock take a step towards her, only to be rebuffed by Sally as Anderson tried to put his hands on her shoulders. "The tall one dear…now where is your mother?" He asked gently as Lily stepped away, narrowly avoiding his touch. "Why do you want to know that?" she was obviously terrified.
"Yes between you and Anthea. I have noticed that you are starting to get highly protective of her and I demand to know the reason why."
After five minutes of searching Lily found a large waterfall. "yea this place is really weird." She muttered before going to look for her brother, dragging him back to the waterfall.
Lily may be many things but stupid is not one of them so she ran. Only it seemed that ever five or six strides apart another bullet was shot only to explode right behind her. This made her uneasy, so she ducked into one of the alley ways to think about what was happening.
Sherlock's roar of fury rang throughout 221b making the twins flinch and clasp hands. "Children!" Sherlock shouted as he burst through their door only to be met with wide eyes. Their fear quickly turned to astonishment as Sherlock wrapped them in his arms. "That evil bitch harpy is going to jail for a long time." Mycroft said from the doorway having followed his dear brother up the stairs. "Already called Lestrade…" John said as he joined his lover in embracing the twins.
"I see… well I just came by to see how John was fairing; I know it must be uncomfortable to be here without Shamus…"
"It's a uniform…" Lily sneered at the outfit laid out on the table. "Yes, your school requires you to wear it." John remarked mildly as he wrote out another blog. "It's hideous." The twins spoke in unison Making John shiver. "Don't care you're wearing it." He sighed then thanked whatever god made it possible for Sherlock not to be here for this fight. For if he was then the detective would undoubtedly make the argument 'if you don't like it you don't have to go' then the fight would only escalate from there.
“About two days before she sold us to the suit. She wanted to make sure that neither of us forgot about her.”
"I can tell by your expression that you understand that you're both in trouble. Now why don't you sit down and tell me why you felt the need to hide a small baby animal in your room."
Mycroft sighed and took a look at his niece. "Lily, those would be helpful but these are pictures of you, your brother and Moran."
"Yea right as if anyone would willingly want to go to bed with you. Now sweetheart, where is your mother?" Anderson asked as he once again tried to touch Lily.
over four thousand words.... lots happening...I suck at summaries also Scottish joke stolen from a scot...
Mycroft interrupted his brothers words with a single hand on the shoulder. "Tell him that, but I'm coming with you."
“That’s what we’re going with. And…there. That’s the last of it.” Sherlock said as he dropped the last bag onto Johns old bed then walked down to the living room.
"John!" a male voice called out making Sherlock growl in annoyance. "Holy crap man I haven't seen you in ages!" he smiled and reached over to give John a hug which made Sherlock glare even harder.
"I am so sorry for the delay but I just came back from talking to the captain and he agrees that such despicable persons should never have been allowed on board at all and you shouldn't have to sit next to them. This is highly degrading, so if you will please follow me we are upgrading you to first class."
Every word spoken was like a knife in John's heart. Sherlock's words of being useless ringing in his ears as he meekly gave a nod of his head and walked out the flat.
"Lily is not a hussy mother. Now Lily…why are you in Kyle's bed?" Sherlock asked, curious to the answer as he ignored the frightened boy. "Thought he was Luce."
Sherlock stared at the message with a mixture of panic and horror gripping his heart. I can't let them get hurt…But HOW? He asked himself then groaned in frustration as him mind palace went blank with worry.
"Mycroft…You would rather solve other people's problems than face our own. If I bring anything up to you to run off. Let's face it…you don't want to be with me even if it's just subconsciously. " he responded sounding hurt and defeated. "What gave you that impression?" Mycroft asked staring at his boyfriend. "Oh I don't know, you just freaked out about being in a locked bedroom with me for one, secondly the only thing we have done in the last few months is have dinner and then sex." He continued as Sherlock screamed 'EEEWWWW!" then ran out of the room with John following. "You don't even like my job and I just…If something doesn't change I don't see a reason for us to be together."
"We should get back that guy is giving us the evil eye." Lucian remarked as he put himself between John and Duncan. John turned to find that the father of the broken nose was in fact trying to glare holes in their heads.
"Hell I'm glad we put the idea in moms head." Lily grinned as she wrapped her arms around her brothers forearm. "Same here. Thought she would just give us up for adoption not actually try to find our father."
Sherlock stared at his fleeing flat mate before turning his attention towards his offspring. "So what do you wish to watch?" He asked then frowned at the knowing look in their eyes. "I chose the last movie we watched…Lily-lie?" Lucian asked sending her a look. "Err…I know I heard about the dead poets society and with was supposed to be a really good movie…with Robin Williams last I knew he was a comedian…" Lily smiled at her father and elbowed her brother into agreeing with her. "Yea…Robin Williams is hilarious…" He said then hunkered down to quietly chat with his twin.
Both men sighed when they thought about how romantic that would be, then Lily spoke and shattered their illusions.
Sherlock paced the sitting area of 221b, his anxiety growing with every step and it was starting to get the better of him.
Everyone applauded the new couple as another song began again and John and Sherlock joining the party to dance along, laughing as the twins took turns dancing with Kyle.
“Alright that part is done. Now for the ribs. I’ve seen the x-ray and the only thing that would be remotely helpful would be to bind them. I’m going to stay behind you and pass the gauze from front to back.” John said, keeping her modesty in mind, not seeing her gaze flicker to her brothers.
“Alright so we’ll put books and art things on the list of things to get. Though that doesn’t answer the question as to what we do now.”
“No they were taking advice from someone in authority, Mr Rawson here. Now he instructed my children that they had to break into the tower control in order to see it. And seeing as he is part of the security force here, they took him at his word. Now who do you really think is at fault here? The children who were taking point from a security guard, employed by you. ”
"Wow…this is nice!" Lily remarked as she and Lucian took seats across from their fathers. "I agree… John?" Sherlock asked quietly as the blond man sighed.
John smiled as he lifted his head to press his lips against Sherlocks, their mouths moving together in a slick slide of tongues and saliva. "John."
Sherlock gave John a look that said ‘really?’ and then smiled. “Yea I can see you doing that. Especially if you were annoyed. Which I imagine you were by that point.”
“Interesting it’s the female that needs to be watched out for. She’s highly protective of the male.” He thought then started to speak again. “Where do you want to begin? And don’t even try that whole criminal mastermind thing with me, I don’t scare as easily as the girl did.”
.” Sherlock snarled and turned to face the kids. “My name is Sherlock as you know by now. What are your names?”
No one seemed willing to leave the others so by the time the last movie ended they were all asleep either sprawled out on the couch or in one of the chairs. Everything was peaceful and right with the world.
"Not that I mind but what did you stop by for?" Sherlock asked as he inserted a pipette into a dish to insert a few drops into a beaker.
While both children had no records of any shots there was numerous records of broken bones and fractures. The most recent being only a few months ago.
John turned to find both twins peering past the threshold, only their eyes and the top of their heads could be seen from his point of view.
"well I…No Harry…Its just…Sherlock…Yes I'm Dating Sherlock…Yes Sherlock Holmes…NO it's not a joke! Hole On...you're where?! Alright then!" He growled before slamming his phone closed.
John and Sherlock sat in the front seat, John driving. Every once in a while Sherlock would reach over to place his hand on John's knee, hoping that there was something that he could do to help the man with his grief. But alas there was not anything he could do to help the man as of yet.
John held up his free hand forcing the detective to take a breath. "So basically the twins found him, brought him home and you all have been hiding him because...you all thought I'd make you give him up?"
John blinked rapidly at the line of questioning. "Well you of course as the clone would more than likely be pure evil…or something like that." He said absentmindedly then gave an audible 'oof' as Sherlock literally threw himself at John to wrap himself around his precious blogger. "You really mean that?" he asked as he pressed his face into the crook of John's neck.
Down the hall Lucian was raging. "And she just doesn't get it! What am I supposed to do?" He fumed before dropping dramatically into the chair across from the desk.
Lily and Lucian shrugged at each other the silent symbol for 'why not'. "Our mother sold us to our uncle who then tried to pawn us off on our father…he didn't want us so we took off." Lucian responded, his inner turmoil prevalent in his eyes as they were washed in emotion to look like a mirror image of his beloved sisters eyes.
After an hour of shouting on the phone Sherlock joined his lover on the couch only to glare at him. "That was all your fault." Was all he said as he laid his head in John's lap. "Well it's all over and done with now so hush." John murmured running his fingers though his lovers hair.
Lily stared up at her father with watery eyes and threw herself against him, curling into his outstretched arms. She couldn't unburden to her brother as he was too fragile for her problems and John. Well john would want to try and fix everything that was bothering her and though she loved him for it she needed to do it herself.
"Yet, you haven't done anything yet." John said darkly as he pulled up to the village, right past the black and white phone box. "Oh look we're there. Now everyone out of the car and behave or you're going into the loch."
John sighed as he lugged the groceries up the stairs. It had been a long day at the clinic as it was flu season and he had had a lot of patients. So he was a little annoyed that after work he had to go to Tesco's to get groceries. He walked into the flat to find the twins sitting on the couch snickering to each other. The reason for the snickering was obvious as he saw Sherlock fast asleep. The detective was sitting up against the wall with his legs stretched out before him. He was wearing his usual suit and the only thing odd was his face. Which was covered in lipstick.
"Oh god…Sh-Sherlock…PLEASE!" John sobbed as he felt those fingers retreat only to have something bigger take their place and slide inside of him. "OH GOD!"
“We’re here because you need your immunizations and no I cannot do it. That’s illegal. But Sarah is very nice and is going to see you both at the same time. That way we’re here as little as possible.” John remarked as he helped the reluctant kids through the door.
"It's sugar glass John!" He grinned even as he licked it. Greg made sure to get a few pictures of Sherlock sucking on the magnifying glass like a lollipop, he even got another of the detective offering his new husband a lick of his sweet treat. "Alright people! First dance of the married couple!" Greg announced then motioned for everyone to evacuate the dance floor as the husbands took center stage. John had left the music choices up to Sherlock with only a small list of what NOT to play. Among them were: the llama song; the hamster dance song; What does the fox say or anything by any (including former) Disney child stars. Sherlock had tortured John playing the hamster dance song trying to figure out how it pertained to a case (it didn't) and the detective had changed Greg and Mycrofts ringtones to the llama song and only after extensive bribery did he change them back. "Relax I think you'll like this." Sherlock smiled down at John. "It's a classic so I believe it's safe."
Once in the black car, (There seemed to be an unlimited number of black cars at his disposal) Mycroft informed everyone that they were to stay at the British Embassy until they find the twins. The staff had already been informed about their situation and was eager to help in any way they could.
And the pity starts. "I'm fine Greg...I just need to get back to pick up some clothes." He said as he slid off the bed and struggled not to wince at his pain in his leg. "Pick up some clothes? Why would you need to do that?"
The entire kitchen was covered in what looked like flour and there was a trail of it into the living room.
"LILY! It's alright! You're home safe!" Both John and Sherlock tried to sooth the girl who only stared at them with eyes too big for her face and were filled with terror.
It was at this point that Sherlock slipped into his mind palace and paid little attention to the priest and instead focused all of his considerable attention to his lover and best friend.
“Lucian, physical violence is something to be used as a last resort.  Not because you felt that Lily was threatened by words. What you did was WRONG and….”
Where Amalee Holmes was bright and flashy the man at the top of the stairs was dressed in an understated suit and tie and he was leaning heavily on a cane. "Father…what happened now?" Mycroft asked with a pointed look towards his father's cane. "Sword fight. Now we did not raise you to be rude Mycroft, introduce us to our guests."
“How are you two acclimating to living with Sherlock and John?” Lestrade asked making the detective in question glare.
As soon as they returned to the embassy The twins were fed and put to bed with their fathers watching over them.
The detective grinned and quietly walked forward to crawl up his husband's body to lay down on him, head between his shoulder blades. He loved how cuddly and warm John was. "Mmm, Hello love."
"Signora, We don't speak Greek…" Lily tried to tell her then mimed talking on a phone. "Need phone…please."
Mrs. Holmes stared at her eldest child with disbelief before turning on her youngest child. "THESE CHILDREN ARE YOURS? THEY HAVE TO BE AT LEAST 13 OR 14! WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME YOU HAD TWO BASTARD CHILDREN? DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW THAT IS GOING TO LOOK TO EVERYONE? WHERE IS THEIR MOTHER?"
John and Sherlock took the twins with them to pick out a cake for two reasons. One: They wanted to pick out something that they all liked.
"Come along Lily!" Sherlock almost bounced out of the door led them past the dewy eyed receptionist. 'Ms. Fitz' Lily recalled and gave her a shy smile that once again cemented the protective instinct the woman had with her.
Alright peoples because this chapter was SUPER long (because I totally forgot about the bachelor party...) you guys get another chapter! Hurah!
Bonus points if you can guess what Lily is making out of that disposable camera...I'll give you virtual cookies and pie if you get it right ;)
Two Minutes Later "John, When I first met you I didn't think much of you. I thought you were sort of interesting but would not effect my life in anyway. I don't think I have ever been so happy to be wrong. You have always been an excellent focus point for me and I firmly believe you will continue to do so even if you are not aware of it. You have always been there for me for every little thing and the thought of you not being there ever again makes my chest ache. I will always need you in my life because without you it isn't life at all." Sherlock read off the paper then looked up to find silent tears pouring down Johns face. "I'm sorry...a bit not good?"
“How will you manage that? I’m sitting in the middle and you are by the door.” Sherlock asked as he continued to bounce his leg.
"Mycroft...Sherlock doesn't have children. Are you alright?" Greg asked as he placed a hand on Mycrofts arm. "I am fine Gregory. Now stop playing and tell me." Mycroft growled. "Oh fine, ruin my fun. Sherlock and John came back to take the children with them. Guess they missed them." Greg smiled making the government official sigh. "But I had you going for a second."
The next morning John started packing for Scotland. “What are you doing?” came Lucian’s voice from the doorway.
Suddenly the doors opened and they both tensed, ready to bolt but then collapsed against each other in tears as their fathers came running towards them.
"Relax it's only a very intricate music box but if you press any of the buttons the fog changes color!" Lily managed to grumble even as she smiled. "And if it had been a bomb?" John asked then glared at the look of non-chalance that graced the girls face.
Alright peoples this chapter was getting on in length (I say that now but I love to right so there will be longer chapters...)
"Are you two fighting?" Sebastian asked with a tip of his head. Alright if there is a rift between to two we can use that to our advantage the assassin thought to himself as Lily droned on about how Lucian didn't respect her and did not think she could do anything because she is a girl. All the while Sebastian nodded along and made sympathetic noises while she talked.
To all who have read this far…you must be nuts hahahahaha! I’m kidding thank you for following my story the twins and Sherlock will be reunited soon. Its just a matter of getting them to cross paths…But none of them are willing to cooperate, cause their mean like that!
“Holmes? She’s ready for you now.” The secretary announced with a brilliant smile making them very suspicious of her.
