John grabbed a wrist that was still holding onto his hip, and pulled it up and up until Sherlock was forced to lay flush against his back. He felt better then. Cloistered, hot, and uncomfortably sweaty, but he still felt infinitely better than being alone in a prison of pleasure.
The alley was fairly clean. He wouldn’t open up the skip anytime soon, but clearly the owner kept his unloading area up to code. Sherlock picked up an old apple crate, knelt down, and flourished a key that was the same color as the door with the restaurant’s name in peeling painted letters.
John’s hands suddenly tangled in Sherlock’s hair when Sherlock delicately nibbled at the pert nub in his mouth. Sherlock smirked, continuing his teasing until finally moving onto the next one.
John opened his mouth to scold him, but Molly interrupted him, “It’s alright John. I’m actually looking to become a coroner.” She gave no indication of having been offended, but her hands wouldn’t stop passing over each other in nervous energy.
“Fuck!” John shouts, his hips thrusting in the air, seeking out the glorious friction of five seconds ago. He folds forward, out of breath and aching.
John’s fingers curled into the sheets to help him hold onto sense. Sherlock’s own hands wriggled underneath to clasp him close. John was now completely captured by the heat and weight of two human bodies.
Well, John had always wanted to try it out for himself anyway. He was puzzled when Sherlock walked around to the side rather than going for the entrance to the restaurant.
And oh, how John squirmed. He jerked against his restraints, attempting to pull away from the sensation of having Sherlock's mouth ravishing such a sensitive part of him. He hissed when Sherlock's nips became bites, and gave a strangled cry when those bites turned into sucks. Sherlock noticed John was practically shaking with restraint from crying out, but his doctor's body was betraying him. As evidenced from the slight bulge near Sherlock's chin.
They sit like this for a good part of the beginning of the movie. Then, Sherlock does something completely unexpected.
John remembered that he wasn’t actually alone. He looked over at Sherlock, who wasn’t looking at the stars.
Sherlock snorted, “What? Being an undercover teenaged drug addict? I think you’ll find there’s not much use for it outside the one application.”
“No, not on you, Doctor Watson. But I have contingencies for my little brother, to be sure he is following the rules of his rehabilitation.”
“Did you see? Did you see? Oh my gosh John I have no idea how you did it, but good for you! Two birds with one stone, eh?”
For some reason, the gargoyle's face contorts into something like embarrassment and he says, "Well, no, actually, I can't really-"
John was having a very hard time keeping a neutral expression. The whole situation was so peculiar that it bordered on hilarity. Of course John knew what they were talking about. Why they were bothering to speak in metaphors was beyond him. A few of Jim’s ‘points’ escaped him in meaning, but he understood what they were aiming at all the same.
“If you must know,” Sherlock rolls his eyes, sighing realistically, “the magics think I’m a terrible influence, so they’re trying to warn you away from me.”
Sherlock smirks for an instant and puts on his best placating voice. Though it's a bit tight at the edges.
It had taken a well-timed water manipulation spell, with John using himself as a moving target to tempt her into firing, before they’d finally been able to bring her down. Even with the electricity sparkling over her spasming body, she still hadn’t died. She was too powerful. But it was enough for John to restrain her until the authorities
So he arranges most of the man’s abdominal contents to his intended purpose, and begins whispering in a language that everyone besides the diligently trained have forgotten.
It's when he goes to eat his meal at the desk that he notices the chair is mysteriously gone. John...really isn't sure what to make of that. Is it punishment for something? An effort to humiliate him if he eats on the floor?
So it wasn’t entirely surprising that John hadn’t noticed any winged beasts approaching or entering the cavern until the enraged roar shook the mountain.
Each desperate breath he took rattled in his desiccated lungs. His lips were withered and pulled back against his teeth in a hellish grin.
It wasn’t like it would be hard either. He was a smart kid, and charming when he wanted to be. His inadvertent fame meant he would likely be getting offers from many other teenagers. It didn’t hurt that Sherlock was far from bad-looking.
John practically ran for the locked section. The key was warm from his hand, but his fingers were clumsy with lingering cold. He slid it into the padlock, and when he heard the click of the mechanism releasing, his heart skipped a beat.
Sherlock sighs, long and suffering, and says, "Her bracelet is new, and expensive. Obviously something that she can't afford going by the state of her handbag. Could have been a gift splurged by her boyfriend, except that she keeps covering it with her hand and rubbing it nervously. She's worried that he's going to notice something's off about it. That it's real and that he's never seen her wear it before. So she tries to keep his attention diverted away from it. If he had bought it for her, she would have worn it proudly. So, a pricey gift that she doesn't want him to get suspicious about. Conclusion, there's another, much richer, lover. It's a testament to her stupidity that she didn't just keep it hidden in her jewelry box, unless she's harboring an unconscious desire for him to find out on his own and end the relationship without her having to break it to him. Sentiment." Sherlock sneers the word like it leaves crude oil on his tongue.
Sherlock has the decency to look a little abashed as John smugly asks, “You have food delivered to our flat don’t you? Food that you deliberately
Occasional wispy silhouettes around cemeteries were the only things he’d seen since then. Nothing this violent, not ever before.
John gets up to pace, ignoring the persistent pains in his stomach. Has anyone even noticed that he's disappeared? He never talked to his neighbors. Harry is his best bet, but she won't know he's gone until she tries to get him to pick her up from a pub again. He's alone here. John shakes his head. So what? He's been alone before. In Afghanistan he had his troops, sure, but he was a Captain. And leaders don't have someone holding their hand when things go to shit. That's why they're leaders. If no one's coming for him, he'll damn well carve a path out himself.
go through him at the sight. On literally anyone else on the planet, the sight of dried blood and a blackening eye would be pitiful at best and humiliating at worst. For some reason it just made this young man look subduedly feral.
,” John cuts himself off. A dark look overtakes his expression, “Was that an experiment? Did you just do that for a lark?”
John gasps, and grips Jim's thighs to steady himself. He nearly removes his hands, thinking that he might be bothering the man, but Jim covers his tan hands with his small, pale ones. John buries his face in gratitude in the man's shoulder, and breathes as Sherlock's fingers trace upward.
Jim chuckled and praised, “Now you’re getting it,” as he repeated his brutal rhythm. John opened his mouth to release an overwhelmed cry of pain, pleasure, and betrayal, before Sherlock’s flesh slid back inside.
One day, Sherlock was apparently tired of craning his head down to John in order to look him in the eye. While John was talking, he folded his wings over himself, and smoothed them down like pulling down blankets.
John laughs at Sherlock’s honesty, “Would've probably thought you’d been replaced by a clone or something if you did.”
Molly saw that he was teasing her in a gentle way that wasn’t meant to emphasize her shame, and giggled softly.
“What was that about?” John finishes, unmoving in their doorway even though the milk is leaking all over the carpet.
John shrugged, “Why should I? Whatever use you make of the strange plant I’m sure it will be well worth it. As long as it doesn’t put either of you in any danger.”
He presses against the wall, testing its firmness. It's metal, and it jangles a bit when he pushes, but there's no give. Something else besides the door makes it rattle whenever he presses on it. He moves his hands up, and they stop at a tiny ceiling just barely above his head. Pressing them to either side is pointless, he has less space on his sides than he does right in front of him.
Mycroft pursed his lips, and didn't answer. Sherlock glared at him, his eyes searching. When the answer clicked in his mind, Sherlock smirked. "Ah, I see. He may not have been on your watch list, but he does have a very useful set of skills. Skills that would only fan the flames of my progress. Not exactly easy to have an assassin get the drop on me if I have a trained fighter by my side, is it?"
Mycroft continued to stare at him. If John hadn’t seen so much worse in his lifetime, he would have been intimidated by the look that clearly said there would be no evidence of a body.
John felt Sherlock’s tongue travel from the tip of his cock, down to his balls, and then he went lower. Shock opened John’s eyes when he hadn’t even known they were closed. “Sherlock?” John called out questioningly.
blatant about it. John uses some of the leftover cream as lubricant and begins stroking. He tries really hard to think of that beautiful blonde nurse from the surgery. Of the tiny mole by her mouth and her rounded and full breasts. Instead, John thinks of himself on the stool that still hasn't been removed from his room. He thinks of the unerring accuracy of long, pale fingers. Of a deep and growling voice at his ear, promising remarkable pleasure if he would only give in. Let it happen. Let go.
“Perhaps it is something specific that doesn’t agree with me,” John suggested, “what does the tincture consist of? I know you’ve mentioned that you’ve been growing your own strain of leaves, perhaps the original plant might be something that would cause an adverse reaction?”
“We haven’t met,” she kindly smiled, “the owner told me who you were. I’m the closest thing to a doctor here for the time being so they sent for me when they dragged you in here. I saw to your wound. Thankfully it was a small cut even if it was rather deep. You should still avoid walking on it for a while. Oh, I’m so sorry! Where are my manners? I’m Molly Hooper, I work at the apothecary.”
As Sherlock’s prick left his lips, Moriarty released one hand from its death grip on John’s thighs to wrap around his stiff cock. Despite the heaviness to his frame, and his repeated loss of awareness, one part of him had clearly remained alert this entire time. John wasn’t sure if he could attribute it to a devilish concoction or his own weak flesh, but it hardly mattered. With a few strokes and Jim shuddering to climax in his body, he quickly crested until everything was bathed in a blinding white of pleasure.
"This is what I mean John. Watching you writhe, moan and whimper is delightful to me. But I don't have to finish it. I could wank off right here on top of you and leave. You would ache for me to finish since you aren't able to make yourself come. I own you now John. Your pleasure is mine to control. And I don't give away anything unless I'm asked nicely." He stroked a little faster, and his grip became slightly firmer. Looking down, Sherlock saw that John's toes were curled and his hands hadn't stopped clenching at nothing.
They were in a bar, because John had wanted a night out. As much as Sherlock treasured him, his tastes did tend to run towards the plebian. But that was rather a minor flaw.
Then his hate grows to loathing when Sherlock leans down to whisper in his ear. "Shhh, John. Dear John, don't worry. This will be enjoyable, as long as you want it to be." He grins, John can feel it on the curve of his ear, and the criminal bites gently before guiding him forward again.
The crack resounds like gunfire. John reels back, letting go of the sheet and it falls silently down the steps. The tan brown skin is free for Sherlock to inspect, but he's too busy reaching.
Jim stared at Sherlock before he beamed and said, “Of course! How silly of me. You should get your rest John. You may be entirely capable of holding your own, but you should go receive your well-deserved rest. Lord knows Sherlock’s tired you out enough,” Jim shared a wink with John that was borderline lewd.
“Ah, case in point it seems,” Jim idly said. “Sherlock, I’d hate to ask this but could you please,” he motioned his head towards John as he reached into the other side of his jacket.
Sherlock sensed the sudden tenseness in John’s form and said, “Moriarty told me he spoke with you last night.”
John wasn’t sure which was worse. To be misled and then literally stabbed in the back when he least suspected, or to be genuinely treasured by these men. ‘Better to join the worms than be trapped in Hell’, his sister’s words rang in his skull. All this time she’d been trying to warn him of a fate worse than death.
John blinks from the words that come pouring out of this strange man's mouth. Did he even have time to breathe?
His leg tensed with the instinct to kick and buck away, and a sharp pain immediately followed. John would have been prepared to try and free his captive leg at the risk of heavy lacerations and further ire, but he was let go at the last second.
"Come to my office after school, we will arrange something then. Off you go, be sure to inform Mr. 'Jim' of what has transpired here. I'm sure he'll be pleased." John's too busy dashing out the door to catch the odd tone in the last word.
Hands ran up and down his arms and over the backs of his thighs. They were clearly meant to soothe, but only wound him tighter. It was so stiff, that John could feel that his heartbeat caused the thing to pulse in place.
He dropped the subject entirely. He told Moriarty all about his expectations of who Sherlock would be hiring, along with what he was excited to learn about. Afterwards, Moriarty retreated to his own work. John sought out Sherlock.
“No need to worry about that,” the man said smoothly. John was hesitant to even call him a man, since his age seemed to be placed in that awkward stage of maturity well beyond a teenager, but not quite having reached his respected thirties. “I was the one on the line.”
John's palms are sweating, and he can feel his heartbeat in his ears. He's really acting like this is a first date. With dawning horror, John realizes that his anger, which has kept him going, is slowly dimming in intensity. John nearly sobs with the epiphany.
He ran a hand over his head, as if he could brush away all of his confusing thoughts to find the words that he needed to make this right. Three small words immediately sprang to mind, but John shoved those out of the way. Now was not the time for declarations, it was for apologies.
It’s John clenching around him in the throes of torment that gently pushes Sherlock into his climax.
John turned his tea cup around in his hands. He knew what he was thinking was ridiculous at best, and a grave insult at worst. Yet the suspicion gnawed at his mind. Only by addressing it, at least in a circumspect manner, could he put these poisonous thoughts to rest.
“What else am I supposed to do? The food you eat is revolting. I am honestly surprised that you can even taste your dishes, what with the sludge you subject yourself to.”
It's expensive, that much is obvious. The material of the box is thick and textured, and John's beginning to piece together what the box contains. Removing the lid makes a slight whispering sound. The contents are hidden underneath thin, opaque paper that he suspects costs at least five quid a sheet.
Before Sherlock walks away, he leans in, preternaturally bold and growls in John's ear, "That's a promise." John's blushing and Sherlock has only a moment to relish it while he stalks away, heart pounding at the wonderful night that's about to happen.
"Easy mate," John's voice rings out, not a trace of a tremor. And Sherlock notes with satisfaction that he's putting the weight back on his "bad leg". Harry doesn't even seem to notice the imminent danger, she's just swaying in her brother's grip. "we don't want any trouble."
Better, but he wasn’t going to use it. It still held the possibility for misconstrued connotations. He already felt like he was alone in the middle of a mine field. A wrong move would mean disaster.
John motioned for Sherlock to get into the car. He was ready to get home, have a beer, and forget that bizarre conversation ever happened.
"I do know you. You enjoy a challenge, but a repeat is beyond tedious for you. And drugging me bores you, I can't be responsive if I'm practically comatose." Something flashes in Sherlock's eyes. It's too quick for John to identify, but a coil of dread curls in John's belly. Sherlock sighs, a long breath of frustration, and steps away. He turns around, carding a hand through his hair, like he's deciding his next course of action. John anxiously waits for the decided fate for a woman he barely met. He doesn't see Sherlock's grin.
It cracks John’s resolve enough that he brokenly murmurs a “Don’t” before sealing his lips against the rest of his pleas.
John was confused at the use of the word ‘customary’. What exactly was supposed to be customary about going to dinner? Then he smiled when he realized Sherlock was trying to be polite. “You don’t have to adhere to social norms just because we’re spending time together.”
The word stuck in his throat like he’d swallowed a tack. No, he hadn’t been about to say—John looked around him. Really
John doesn't know what this is. What this worship is supposed to mean, and it freaks him out more than a little. It's not that the man doesn't constantly obsess over him. One time Sherlock had tried to document exactly how many hairs he had on his head, and John had thought he'd never get the bloody crick out of his neck. But Sherlock's already done his feet, cataloged every callous and line. The only time he pays this much attention to them anymore is when he's beating them to a pulp, or when he's watching his toes curl when Sherlock strokes his dick in a way that shoots through his spine.
His attacker cried out, dropping something that glinted from the light of the moon before it disappeared into the snow. John was so profoundly startled by the realization of his anxieties that he didn’t notice the second assailant. Thick arms went under his, and they locked their fingers behind his head, keeping his upper body immobile.
John pretended to think on the cause and said, “You know, I think it began with your little hobby experiment involving the tea. Do you think that might be the source for these ailments?”
"Have you figured out anything yet?" Sherlock added a condescending tone to the last word and John predictably looked back at him. So, John wasn't entirely different from others in that he didn't like having his intelligence belittled. Still, data was data, and he wanted to provoke a conversation. Anything John did was more information that could be potentially exploited at a later date.
John knows that's a question designed to make him fail, but he plunges on, "Will you, leave her alone?"
Sherlock stops, and looks him in the eye. His lips turn cruelly mocking. "I think we're well past that particular argument, aren't we John?"
He curses when he can no longer jump across the rooftops. Below him is a busy street, where the despair of the poor London bleeds into the prosperous market streets. Tourist shops and clothing stores abound, and Sherlock back up before someone spots him and rouses a fuss.
A hard keen leaves his throat, and John rocks slightly back and forth. He understands that this is a pathetic position, that he should glue himself back together. He should be the British soldier he's been since he played army games with Harry. But for now, behind the privacy of a flimsy curtain, he's going to be John Watson.
He rounded a corner to the only logical place John would have gone based on his trajectory and their combined goal.
“Yeah, only the ones that come in for check-ups. You know, nothing innately vulnerable about getting consulted by a doctor or anything,” John defaulted to a sarcastic tone, because he had no other recourse. There were no words for how much he did not want to have this conversation.
Sherlock asks in a voice barely above a whisper, "And what if you're right? What exactly can you accomplish with this information?" It's a dare. The most dangerous challenge John has ever faced. He answers without hesitation.
He got close enough to Sherlock that he tried to loom over him. It was only mildly accomplished because Sherlock was trying to be so pathetically small. John’s eye twitched, but his hands remained steady.
“John? You’re home rather late,” she came around the corner, wiping her hands on a towel. “Where were you? I had to make dinner without-”
Sherlock accepts, moving his head down to plant kisses across John’s clavicle, his sternum, and the underside of one of his nipples. He pulls away so he can maneuver John’s lower body across most of his lap, so he’s almost straddling him while lying down.
“Well,” Jim immediately brightened, “good thing I came out to fetch you then. I saved some food for you with the intent to join you for a late supper. And I refuse to take no for an answer about it. After all, we have much to talk about.”
He felt Sherlock shift around, and thought he was going to go back to driving John mad. Instead, he said something a bit more insistently, because John hadn’t heard him the first time.
"Sherlock, calm down." John's voice is calm, assertive. "I think I know who's after you, so I'll buzz you in and we can sort this out alright?" John thinks it's Mycroft, which is excellent and not entirely untrue. But Sherlock needs him outside and coming up to the flat will take too much time. He has approximately four minutes if they called the police. Six if they called Mycroft.
John nodded. Rest did sound quite welcome just then. Not only from his own tempestuous thoughts, but also because of the strained effort of keeping his eyes open.
Sherlock quickly typed out his response. "Lunch, Launceston Place, try anything and I'll launch the North Korean project." That was a bit of an empty threat, he'd already set that into motion. No reason for Mycroft to know that.
"I'll be right back," John continues, and reaches up for his own quick peck, "just have to use the loo. Tell me all you can about the rugby blokes that just walked in when I get back, yeah?" He turns before he can see the reaction. He hopes Sherlock passes the sweat off on his brow for the stifling heat of the crowd. He enters the bathroom, and it's blessedly empty. Just outside, he can hear the dim roar of people as they cheer or boo at a game. The off-white tiling nearly sends him spinning with flashbacks of his old cell. How white had been the only color he had seen for days. How even though the room was ten times the size of this bathroom, it still felt so small. The waves of anxiety roll his stomach, and John thinks in a haze of panic that he's going to be sick.
The gargoyle still looks unsure, so Sherlock speeds it along, "It's either this, or you can go back on the rooftop and I can find a saw to make the opening bigger."
When John's foot touches the outside of his walls, nothing goes off. No one rushes him and electrocutes him, it's still dead silent. John takes one more step, then another. The anxiousness of waiting for the other shoe to drop makes him almost taste vomit.
Sherlock’s smile turned small and soft. It seemed he was hard pressed to come up with a response to such obvious sentiment.
The two are torn out of their miniature battle when Angelo huffs out a pained laugh, "Cor blimey mate, if you'd told me the Devil himself was on your heels, I'd have at least gotten my gun."
He pulls it slightly upward, and watches John’s feet kick out. Then Sherlock slides it back down, relishing the tortured moans.
It was something only he and Sherlock knew, like they’d gone on an elaborate heist for the world’s most precious diamonds. Even with the way things had ended, John wasn’t ashamed of his avarice over that knowledge.
John knew she meant it in a good-natured way. Mary had always expressed herself in the most honest way possible, and came off sounding a little brusque for it occasionally. Still, the implication of Sherlock’s intelligence being seen as a party trick or an odd quirk prickled at his skin like a scratchy sweater.
It made veins of smugness run through John’s pleasure, that no matter what sexual encounters Sherlock had in the past, he was clearly erasing them from his mind.
The only thing he didn’t like was how far it placed him from Sherlock. If he was immediately needed, there wasn’t much he could do aside from providing a distraction.
John gives a start, he didn't know that the two teachers were so close. Holmes continues, "He seems to think that there had been some great mistake. He, apparently, also understands that you are well above this kind of mark Watson."
After a day of hunting down the mugging leader and ensuring the rude cabbie's death, Sherlock had decided to hold off on bringing John home for a little while.
The gargoyle said nothing at first, just gaped at him. Sherlock wondered if perhaps he had overstepped, when he sputtered, “That was, I mean, besides the blind thing,” Sherlock opens his mouth, “yes, I know, you only meant it because it’s the most likely option. I’m not offended, really. It’s just, that was…you got all of that based on my vivid craving for tea?”
The boy scoffed, “Don’t be absurd. It’s merely a matter of preferable scenarios. I’m either granted a few days of reprieve due to some asinine punishment, quickly followed by an inconvenient and vengeful meeting. Or I engineer a few weeks of steady anxiety, which may or may not be followed by another brawl, depending on how much they want to test their luck at finding a silent target.”
When John’s eyes aren’t squeezed shut, he can briefly see Sherlock’s pleased smile. John wriggles his torso as wildly as a landed fish, but Sherlock’s deft fingers follow wherever he goes. Finally, when John can’t gather a single breath, Sherlock stops.
She was clearly taken aback by the statement. John pressed on, “I’ve been living with two deplorable men. One of whom happens to be my husband. They’ve proven to be the lowest sort of creatures imaginable. Of their many crimes, they’ve been poisoning me, weakening my body night after night.”
Sherlock opened his mouth before John said, “He was teaching me self-defense. After the attack he’s been aiding me in honing the techniques I already know. He’s been very
It is not common for witches to become hags. But it does happen. The bright side is that it is easily detectable, in that dark magics will always, eventually, physically manifest themselves. Such practices always demand a toll.
John’s mind whirled. He’d had reasons, very good ones. He knew that. He could faintly recall Moriarty using them against him. Yet he couldn’t remember a single point that would make Sherlock understand. He was too focused on the incision that he was certain had not been there before.
“Really?” John’s interest had been piqued. He hadn’t taken the notable wealth of his husband and friend into consideration before coming into town, which he supposed could explain why the people beside him were trying their best to be discreet with their glances. Sherlock and Jim hadn’t mentioned they participated in charitable events for the town’s benefit, “What do they do for this place?”
“Good behavior, I heard. And just how long did you talk to the principal into giving you that special day off?”
“Don’t look at it John,” Sherlock murmured, close enough that their foreheads touched, “just look at me.”
John can steadily feel himself coming back to consciousness. As he runs his dry tongue over his teeth, he's relieved to not feel any blood. The thought of which forces back the memory of Angelo's brains splattering out of the back of his head.
For the next few days, Sherlock kept that routine. He would come visit John during lunch and then leave for the next period. Sometimes Molly was there, but she often kept to herself after that first time, though she seemed to warm up to Sherlock whenever he asked her questions about her studies in medical school. Though he clearly preferred to engage John in conversation.
John has something like a pointless sympathetic statement on his tongue before the ex-sniper asks, "Are you right or left handed?"
Blind luck had kept him from waltzing into that silver encrusted room. If he hadn’t sneezed, hadn’t noticed the dust that was far too thick for such a new building, he would be sagged against a poisoned wall and slowly seeped of all magic until he couldn’t perform a damned card trick. A trap like that would take time before it was effective. A human wouldn’t be impacted in any way.
He tips John’s head back by his hair, and keeps kissing him in earnest. He moves until John’s back presses against the wall.
It’s maddening that John can feel the leather across his prick while he’s unable to see it. With his head forced back he’s as good as blindfolded. He can’t focus in horrid fascination, nor can he anticipate what’s coming. He can only stare at the patterns on the ceiling while his body shakes with strain.
There are mirrors in the room, but this is the first time John has really looked at himself. He's sure he's the palest he's ever been, and John's almost sure that there are more wrinkles on his face than before. He looks like he's lost some weight, the skin sagged in some areas and pulled tight in others. His eyes- John closes his lids. He can't see that. Can't see what's gone from them. Not yet.
When they arrive at their home, John waits with Sherlock until the guard opens the door. It isn’t as though he’s going to try and run after all this time, but demonstrating restraint always endears Sherlock to him. The man loves to see how far he can push before John’s tight control cracks under pressure.
right in front of them. Or the Thames. Yes, that, let's go over the Thames I'm sure it's gorgeous at night what with all of the reflected lights-no. No let's go to Central London then if we're doing a light show God that must be
Her golden brown hair falls in pleasant waves around her shoulders, and her green eyes are laced with apology when she says, "I'm sorry, is this okay? Everywhere else is pretty full. I'm just waiting for my friends." John looks around, and sure enough, the late hour has the pub close to packed. People are practically elbowing each other for room, and the noise and smell of sweat and beer is quite welcome to John. If John ushers her away, she'll be left to be jostled about by the crowd, and possibly never even find her mates in all of the bodies.
And John had an endless supply sitting next to him, cataloguing the new ways John could be frightened into paralysis.
Sherlock cleared his throat before he could, “Dr. Watson, while I find your straightforwardness rather refreshing, if not untoward, you should know that this would be a liaison beyond illicit proportions and quite frankly, you should reign in those sorts of ideas before you get sacked as you seem to be the only competent--”
“Feel free to join me at any time,” John said, reluctant to leave the man alone but eager to get out of the cold himself, “I’ll be back in a short while to see how you’re faring.”
He finally heard Sherlock’s tenuous hold on control slip. The man groaned and thrust more vigorously than before. John wasn’t sure if the catalyst was simply a factor of stimulation over time, John’s involuntarily trembling body, or Jim molding his fingers around the shape of John’s face simply because he could. He was certain that he didn’t want to know the answer.
Part of the training was dealing with unnatural causes of death. Not every person being wheeled into the Urgent Care or the morgue was going to die from a heart attack or from a slip down some stairs.
John didn’t know how many more deep breaths he would need today, but he was surely depleting the world of its oxygen. “I didn’t come over here to try and make myself look like a saint. And I definitely didn’t come to start a fight with you.”
He seemed to almost skip to John, beaming as if he had just been pronounced the new king of Britain. “Have you had breakfast? I didn’t mean to leave you this morning, I had some affairs to take care of.”
“After all,” Moriarty pressed, his eyes gleaming with a dark temptation that even Lucifer would have envied, “it’s not as though he’ll be able to recall any of it.”
John would have hoped for a sooner arrival, but maybe even that was a blessing in disguise. With time, he could wait out his own suspicions. He could go about his daily life and observe any further discrepancies. If none arose, all the better for it. John would gladly take a diagnosis of feverish delusions if it meant he could go back to the peaceful state of before. If incidents continued to occur, then John could gather the instances as evidence while he collected physical clues. He would present them to the former doctor, who would serve as a credible source to authorities.
“You don’t need to leave!” Sherlock shouted. John stepped back in surprise before anger washed through him at the hostile tone from his own husband.
It ceases its prattling of figures and facts and halts. Because it refuses to compute what unmistakeably just happened.
John gulped for air and tried to moisten his parched mouth. “Alright, alright,” John said. He moved his hand back to his side to clutch at the sheets while the other moved from his nipple to his hair. He pulled at the strands to ground himself.
Satisfied, Sherlock placed his ear against the hallowed space of John’s chest, until he could feel the steady thump of a heart reverberating along the side of his face.
Sherlock’s mind goes through every single encounter that he’s had with John, trying to see if there’s something in their friendly interactions that he misinterpreted or overlooked. He remembers John has said something of importance that requires a response.
There were words spilling from the both of them. It was hard for John to hear his own speech, for he was left breathless in every moment. Words of ‘mine’ and ‘yours’ floated up above their bodies, interspersed amongst their grunts and moans.
John pushes harder against the prison, desperation making his limbs strain against the firm resistance. He keeps pushing and pushing, but nothing gives. He bangs his fists, then tries to jerk his whole body against the surface. The motion sends a wave of dizziness through his skull, or is that the lack of air? John really can't tell down from up anymore, and its the loss of perception that makes him really crack.
Sherlock’s lips twisted with something acerbic to retort with, but he caught John’s teasing look. His smile turned smugger, “I’m very good.”
Reeling from momentary pleasure and the rush of endorphins from his beating, John growls so ferociously in frustration that Sherlock pauses in fucking him.
"Ah, so it's a 'they' is it? Who is it this time Pickner? Mafia? No? Business tycoons? Not that either? Ah, government then?" The grip on the gun became a little tighter. "Oh, that is interesting. Seems even filial bonds aren't enough to stop my brother from finally putting down the biggest blot on the Holmes' name."
John saw the obvious, he saw murder. He saw shock and blood loss. But he observed revenge. Petty or grievous, it didn’t matter. This man had offended somebody, and he paid for it in spades. Arthur Anderson had been made to understand a lesson.
As soon as he made his way to the table however, Jim immediately took notice of something amiss and said, “Are you injured? You’re limping.”
“-my husband is tragically out of his wits and I’m here to take him home,” Sherlock’s words brought John back to the present.
? Why risk so much after having been betrayed for a people that never thank you, never know what you do, never see you as anything more than an urban legend?”
John's coping mechanism for anger is usually caustic sarcasm, but that would be a very dangerous game to play. What he wants to say is that it's better to just exchange pleasantries with a moron than to have a genius psychopath's full attention. But that would certainly put a stop to the evening, and possibly have John chained to their bed with a gag in his mouth for a week. Again.
He has fresh, purple bruises around his wrists and knees to go with the faded green on his arms. A tiny, delirious part of John almost thinks that they're beautiful. He tries not to be distracted by them every time he sees his hands.
He leans down and kisses the space between John's ear and neck before growling, "Of course I do. I found you, didn't I?" Sherlock revels in the little shiver John tries to hide. He pulls away though, maneuvering John back towards the bed. John thinks he knows where this is headed and that they'll be late for their reservations after all, until Sherlock forces him to sit and the man kneels in front of him.
John really wished, for the thousandth time, that he could figure out when it had begun to deteriorate. Perhaps he could rekindle their marriage, if only he knew the exact moment it all went wrong. Although, he bitterly and honestly thought, he’d be better off wishing for a time machine, to stop his fool of a younger self from going off to war.
And what the hell was he doing, assuming that Mary should sleep upstairs, uncomfortable until they could get the proper arrangements? He should take it. It wasn’t like he had his limp to worry about anymore, and getting back cramps might feel enough like self-flagellation that he could start to feel better about himself.
John’s neck arches back as he groans in relief, his cock spurting his come in thick white lines over his belly and leaking onto Sherlock’s hand. While his body trembles in a cresting orgasm, John can’t feel the euphoria that comes from release. Instead panic quickly overtakes his mind when he senses the ebb of a much stronger impulse grab his body.
He stores it as an activity for later. He wants to see if John can come from the sensation of being stretched and filled in such an intimate place first. It swells Sherlock’s heart to think that he has now accessed a part of John Watson that absolutely no one else was privy to.
As John was half crouched out of his seat, Sherlock tackled him to the floor. The impact was so sudden that John reacts instinctively by driving an elbow into Sherlock’s sternum.  He felt Sherlock’s expelled breath spread across the back of his neck, and John froze in terrible fear. This was all of the hesitation Sherlock needed.
The rain, the shape of the flames, and the falling of the bird bones all tell him the same thing. ‘He is loyal, he loves you, he will stay by your side’.
“I’ll send for a tutor,” Sherlock promised, “only the most qualified and capable I assure you. I will do so as soon as I leave this bed and have pen and paper at hand.”
Several people exclaimed their shock. From the opened door John could see a curious crowd gathering outside. Good, he thought, let everyone know what sort of people lived at the top of their town. Even if bars, or the hangman’s noose, laid waiting for them in their immediate future, mass gossip was just as bad as a public burning.
He’s brought out of his reverie when Sherlock gently places a hand against his cheek. His head is slowly tilted back up, and Sherlock places a chaste kiss upon his forehead.
So while the thought of John covered in his essence, unable to completely wash it all away, is extremely appealing, Sherlock had begrudgingly given John the soap. He needs to start instilling a sense of gratefulness in John, according to his research. Also the reason for the unmolested breakfast. When Sherlock had opened the door, he'd been met with heavy silence. John was obviously in the bathroom, but the absolute lack of noise was odd. The only assurance he had that John was even alive was the sound of his breathing and the outline of his hunched form behind the curtain.
Sherlock, of course, ignores him. He grabs a spare bed sheet on the way out of his closet. He flies down the stairs, but is sure to make as little noise as possible. The hallway and the door to Mrs. Hudson's is dark, but that doesn't mean she's fallen asleep just yet.
“You can imagine it,” Sherlock snapped. His long fingers cupped John’s jaw, gently prying his mouth open even though the tendons were as lax as everywhere else. He slowly slid his length inside John’s mouth, squeezing his jaw to avoid any accidental brush of teeth. He leaned over to grip the headboard, which allowed for better leverage.
When John reaches up to loosen his tie, he is stopped by a hand curling around his wrist. John turns around to face Sherlock, careful not to tug against Sherlock’s grip.
The detective, meanwhile, had already smeared some of the gel onto his fingers. Sherlock reached around John’s chest and pulled him close so John’s head could rest against Sherlock’s shoulder.
“God! Sorry, sorry,” she set down her cup to wipe at her mouth with a napkin. After she had collected herself, she tried again, “What I was trying to say, was that I know it’s not the most riveting thing, working here.”
Sherlock's eyes flicker over to the tube of lubricant, and Jim hands it over without a word. He lubes up his fingers in quick, efficient movements, and trails the wet fingers teasingly over John's perineum.
The argument about John’s education had faded so entirely from his mind that he was caught off guard when it was brought up. Despite everything he’d been through, the hope of broadening his horizons elated him. “What did he say?”
John made to walk away, perhaps he intended to tell Sherlock he’d be back, but he needed a moment to clear his head. He was stopped when Sherlock gripped his arm. For a chilled moment, John remembered the vast strength this form held.
Sherlock's probably only being a good sport about it now because he got his way easily enough in the end. But if he's sure not to overdo it, he might not have to give up pieces of himself anymore. No more agreeing to hazardous experiments. No more turning a blind eye whenever John discovers a blood-soaked shirt in the hamper. No more days spent in isolation because John moved a bloody petri dish. John reigns himself in. It's dangerous to get ahead of himself. He's still not a hundred percent sure that this will work. But John, despite his best efforts, still feels something suspiciously like hope in his cracked soul.
It was an argument John had no hope of winning. Their assurances that they understood John’s initial point of view only solidified the confidence of their own perspectives.  Both men said that they knew John’s grievances, and saw no fault in them. So they would do their utmost to prove him wrong.
"If it's too much, I can turn down the light," Sherlock's voice seems to fill the empty room. Slight panic grips his heart, and John shakes his head. Already, he knows the full glare will be too much for his eyes, but he can't handle the absolute darkness again. Not yet. Maybe not ever.
Said instructor has his feet propped up on his desk, with a book on something that John can't pronounce in his hand. His pale face is tilted into his hand on the chair, silver eyes skimming the lines on the page. Absently, the man brushes his fingers over his full lips, and John chokes.
“You can either tell me what’s wrong, or you can stop being a little brat!” John yelled after Molly had fled with her lunch.
John’s eyes stung. When he opened them, his vision was slightly blurred. He couldn’t quite make out Sherlock’s expression, but he was certain shock was mixed in there somewhere. He blinked and willed the wetness in his eyes away. He felt ridiculous.
John chokes on his spit. Past the pleasure, he wishes he had a bit of respite from his arched position. His whole neck and upper back ache, but if he attempts to lie down, his shoulder burns with a fierce fire. Sherlock twists a nipple and rotates the toy at the same time and John arches further upward.
Standing as they were, surrounded by others, John kept getting accidentally knocked into Sherlock’s side. John would use that as an opportunity to playfully brush his hands along the back of Sherlock’s coat or against his hip before pulling it away.
“God, no wonder the press were gone this morning. They got all they needed from that stuck up, arrogant, condescending, pompous little--”
Sherlock had acted chagrined. He explained, “Jim told me why he has been anxious for your company. The only other person that he’s ever been able to speak with comfortably has been myself. Even then, we are almost too much alike for it to be a stimulating conversation. How can it be when we can both predict what the other will say? You’re the first man he’s ever met who not only stimulates him but also surprises him. He’s overtaken by the novelty of it.”
No. That’s not quite right. It’s more like he’s walking blind into a minefield, and his steps are guided by someone on the end of a radio that doesn’t like him very much. Sherlock loves to watch John fall to pieces.
As they both stumbled into the cab, weary beyond belief, John couldn’t remember when he’d felt so at peace. His body had been pushed beyond its limits, but he had done it for a good reason. He knew he would gladly do it all over again.
John nodded, pleased, “Right then. If the matter is thoroughly settled, I’m off to prepare for bed.”
That was twice in one night that Jim had sought to compliment him, and that pulled all of the words from John. More so than the idea that people would be fighting over him like a modern Helen of Troy if he ever mingled amongst the public.
Each dig through the rock tears at his hands. Just as the love for his kin tears at his soul. His rookery brothers and sisters, his elders, his friends, all of them lost to the fear of the ones they'd protected for so long.
“Young Watson is clearly good with his hands, better read than most peasants, and his constitution is clearly nothing to scoff at.”
The car speeds towards him, and John thinks that maybe the guy is going to kill him. But he slows down as he gets close, obviously not wanting to hurt him further as he pulls him into the car. The slowing vehicle and the indecision of how to proceed on the stranger's part gives John plenty of time to limp to the other end of the street. Even with a ringing head and a limp, John manages to get away when he runs down an alley too small for the car.
Sally Donovan didn't even fake a smile, "You're not wanted here Freak. Not that you ever are. This is just a mugging gone wrong, that's all."
John, ever the soldier, turns to face him. He's backed up against the wall, Sherlock's hands on either side of him. He doesn't look away when Sherlock practically snarls, "What I'm interested in is the little coup d'etat you two
He wondered what Mary had slept on last night since they didn’t have a mattress upstairs. Probably the airbed. If they were really going to go through with this, they would have to set aside some money. It wasn’t right for Mary to just sleep on inflated plastic.
Calm. Deep breaths. Desperation's only going to make this even more difficult. Easing up on the panic, John susses out where he might need to go. Too bad there's no fucking arrows pointing to "Exit" or anything. That would just make it too easy on John Watson.
“Your Majesty,” Sherlock proclaimed in a voice loud enough for everyone in the hall to hear, “your armies are practically overflowing with people willing to die in your name. Whilst I remain woefully shorthanded of assistants.”
John was still panting brokenly from Sherlock’s thrusts, as the Alpha hadn’t stopped moving, only now it was interspersed with nonsensical mumblings. Sherlock could barely make out the words ‘too much’.
Eggs, dozens of them, cracked and smashed to pieces. In the light of the life giving moon, the viscous fluid of the insides spill onto the rock, making it slick. The fledglings that had hatched but hadn't matured from the nest are scattered like pebbles on a shore. He can barely make out a fetal, disgusting body that is half stone, half flesh in one of the broken eggs. It never had time to mature, and has already died from exposure.
It was a small offset compared to the rest of the greenhouse, yet still quite large. The door of it was padlocked shut, but John could make out shadows of plants past the opaque glass. John asked, “What’s this area?”
Sherlock's head whips back around. There's John, staring determinedly at him, not apologizing or trying to back out of the departed pleasantry. Sherlock nearly sprints back to kiss him then and there, but he just beams back at his army doctor.
John scoffed, “Well, yeah, no kidding. I would lose my job, for one thing. Never mind that I’m not your teacher and you’re technically legal, no school in their right mind would want to keep me on. The parent calls alone would drive them to liability cuts.”
John’s eyes narrowed briefly in confusion, but the comprehension when he glanced towards Sherlock’s line of sight made him blanch.
John reaches up behind Sherlock's head, gripping the back of his skull. Sherlock tenses, thinking he's grossly miscalculated and John is about to try and snap his neck. But instead the soldier surges up while pulling down, squeezes his eyes shut, and their lips smash together with clicks of teeth.
He's in London. Ugly, gorgeous, stinking, cultured, dark and shining London. This whole time he's been in some sort of secret base in the heart of his city. That really pisses him off that these bastards are on his home turf. But he's got other things to worry about now.
John rolled his eyes, “Yes, I read the paper. I really don’t see what that has to do with you being here?”
Sherlock pulls on a pair of plastic gloves that he'd stored away for such an occasion. Kneeling closer, avoiding the gore, he pulls away the crimson stained clothes and looks at the wound. Sherlock's mind whirrs into glorious overdrive.
"You know, it astounds me sometimes," John's doesn't turn to face the man who just entered the door. He just stares in stark horror at Sherlock, "how much you think you can hide from me. But I suppose that is the curse of the feeble minded, to not even begin to comprehend just how much someone of a superior intellect can read based on a person's mannerisms, speech patterns, or eye movement. It also helps when you have handsomely paid and cleverly disguised bodyguards posed as innocuous patrons. " John shuts his eyes in despair.
He curled himself forward until John’s hips were raised off of the mattress. Sherlock kept one hand on John’s waist, while the other rested above the boy’s head. Sherlock continued to stare into John’s warm blue eyes as he rubbed his engorged cock over the Omega’s stretched and leaking hole. He studiously watched as John’s eyes closed and his reddened mouth fell open at the rough friction.
By the time they were home, there was enough unspoken words between them that John felt like he was being crushed under their weight. He turned off the car, and the clacking of the engine became a countdown to when they would have to part.
Sherlock looked reassured by that. “Come on, we’re probably making the owner anxious that we decided to eat elsewhere.” He strode through the door, no longer bothering to see if John was following him.
"I wonder if I can construct something of a swing that you can carry. It shouldn't be too heavy if I distribute my weight evenly enough and what do you mean you can't fly?"
John wondered which of them it had been. Had he been sodomized by his sister’s murderer, or did he merely seek out a friendship with him?
John hummed noncommittally. He felt like more than a bit of a prick for blocking her attempts at conversation, but as much as he didn’t want to talk about his life, there also wasn’t very much to say.
Going out anymore is a bust, obviously. Going outside at all might be off the table, but he might be able to keep that even after tonight if he 'blackmails' the right way. They're almost out of food and only John knows the exact name of the store-brand tea Sherlock favors. He'll be damned to telling any shop-duty lackeys that little tidbit of information. Sherlock would have to choose between a dour John and wrong tea, or a semi-happy John and good tea. So that's sorted then. Now for the truly important and tricky bit; Mary.
As he stared at the dark house, John wondered if the reason he was having such a hard time with this was because it wasn’t a decision he was meant to make alone. Perhaps he needed someone else’s help. And since it directly affected one other person, there was really only one other he could talk to. Especially since Mycroft had been less than helpful.
Even with his eyes open, Sherlock could only see John’s navel. He had no way of knowing if John was twisting the sheets or clenching his fists on open air. Was he gritting his teeth or was his mouth open in a soundless exhale?
That concern is chased away when his Maths professor, who had been trailing kisses up his arm, turns his head to face him, and kisses him for the first time. Where Sherlock had been insistent and demanding, Jim is coaxing and manipulative. His mouth moves languorously over John's, stealing his breath away.
He crept out of the room, slowly picking up his pace as he headed for the exit. It wasn’t until he was outside in the freezing night that he realized he was still holding his candle. Without a thought, he tossed it into the snow.
With nothing to do but wait, Sherlock uses the time to admire the view. From here, the Thames is a thick ribbon of sparkling water, the golden sun bouncing off of the surface like thousands of diamonds. Dozens of boats and ferries top the water like children's bath toys. The light reflected off of the glass of buildings is close to blinding.
If he looked at his clock at least sixteen times within the last hour of his shift, well, he was only bored. He couldn’t be blamed for being eager to go home for that.
He jerked when he realized Sherlock was talking to him, “—feels paltry, the sentiment is appreciated. But did you really come over here just to apologize?”
“That isn’t an issue in this case. I’m of consensual age.” The hurt was being rapidly replaced with practiced certainty. Like Sherlock had come prepared for this argument.
Slowly, Sherlock inserts the black plug. This is certainly not the first time John has endured one of these, but this one is new. It's short and conical, flaring off into a wide base that will keep John full, without any stimulation to his prostate. Ideal for keeping him on the edge of orgasm, without fully tipping him over.
He heard the pounding of footsteps steadily gaining on their position. It wasn’t even much of a hiding spot; given that someone was bound to have seen them jump for the bushes. John was also certain that they had made a noticeable dent in the foliage.
He doesn't notice Sherlock's hand leaving his hair until it's wrapped around his slick, hard cock. That hand is as masterful as the other. They're working in tandem to bring him to pieces, and it's working. John can feel his orgasm around the corner. Every twist and thrust edging him closer and closer. He expects to be pulled away. Expects that any moment now, Sherlock will stop and leave him aching. But he doesn't. Sherlock keeps thrusting inside of him, keeps dancing his fingers over his glans.
Moriarty motions to the plush chair next to him, "Sit down Johnny, let's get started. We don't want to be here all night do we?" There it is again, something passes between the two men that John can't quite make out. He sits down, quite confused at the inside joke that seems to involve him as the punch line.
When dessert came, and John bit into his tiramisu, he would have happily let Angelo break his arm if it meant he could eat here for free indefinitely.
The moment he’d done it, he was mortified. Sherlock laid beneath him looking as wounded as if John had slid a knife between his ribs whilst they were joined together.
“Yeah, of course I am, why?” He nearly bit his own tongue out of his frustration at himself. Why did he continue the discussion? He should have just said he was fine, and then get on with his apparently impossible task of going to bed.
John's hit with a rush of contained adrenaline that makes his hands shake. He could call anyone. The police. Harry. He still doesn't know where exactly he is, but he remembers Angelo's. How close that had been.
It isn’t as though he’s ignoring this. The question of Sherlock Holmes’ affections, and how this very much affects John’s mental stability, is not something that is going to disappear with some deep sleep. But there is a sort of acidic relief in the fact that there’s nothing he can do about it right now.
“I’m giving you my phone number. It’s useful, since you won’t have to come to my house every time you want to talk now. Though I prefer to text. Also, you really need more than just your wife’s number, your office, and your wife’s work number in your contacts.”
Sherlock can see that plain as day, and he attempts at backpedaling, "What if I just left you alone, but unable to escape? Your mind, small though it is, would have no reason to shatter then." It's John's turn to laugh in Sherlock's face.
John recognized the voice of Moriarty headed towards the desk. He gently pressed his hand against his mouth to keep his breathing confined to his nose. He saw a small glow cast shadows around his hiding place, and heard a thump directly above his head as something was set on the desk.
I already told you that. A drug ring. There’s been an increased amount of drug distribution on the campus grounds. Is this really not ringing any bells for you?”
On any other day, John would have swelled up and flushed with pride from the praise. Instead, it just hurts that much worse. Holmes had such high expectations from him, and he let him down. All because he couldn't control his stupid hormones.
“Oh I may not be a great advocator of delayed gratification,” Jim allowed. John heard his clothes hit the floor as he spoke. His body slid along the sheets as he tried to shift away, but Sherlock’s long fingers pinned his wrists down, thwarting any futile movements.
“No.” Sherlock lied. “John, I’m sorry I scared you. I truly am. I saw what they were doing and I…reacted. Poorly. Let’s go home, and forget this ever happened.”
John's about to give an angry retort, but Sherlock harshly pulls on the sensitive nubs and John cries out. "Hm," Sherlock says, "apparently you're not that adverse to rough play." John breathes, and he can feel his cock beginning to stiffen. John really hates biology.
And now that the pressure has been released, all he can do is collapse. John drops back into his chair like an empty paper bag. About twenty heartbeats dosed up on adrenaline pass by before Sherlock says his piece.
Sherlock laid himself down, and John jolted at the feeling of hot and hard flesh next to his own. Sherlock chuckled, resulting in a pleasant vibration in his chest that echoed off of John’s.
He looks around, trying to find the source. There, above his head. The ventilation shaft is releasing a steady hissing sound.
“Who’s coming? Harry, what is happening?” Despite his increasing urgency John kept his voice quiet. The thought of anyone perceiving him now would be disastrous.
The guy assesses him dubiously once more, then nods his head to the other side. "Get in, there's a place not far from here."
Yet there still remained the issue of finding the blasted plant. His searches turned up nothing he didn’t already recognize. There had been no tampering with any of the plants to create some strange strain. The only place he’d failed to check was the locked area.
John thrusts his hips up, and he’s not sure if it’s meant to encourage Sherlock’s pumping or to try and get away. Sherlock moves his hand a little faster, firmly pressing his thumb against the outline of John’s vein.
Snow’s eyes widened. Once he composed himself, he motioned for Sherlock to continue. “I—get bored at school. I don’t have friends. The thought of being stuck at some boring temp job scares me to death. I thought—I wanted to find you, and ask you if I could be initiated.”
He could try and pass this off as an all nighter from preparing, or blame it on his older sister's bad habit of coming home obnoxiously drunk at three in the morning, but John doesn't have it in him to be dishonest. He doesn't want to add lying on top of all of this. He could try and plead to him, beg him for a make-up, but John knows how well that would work. He's heard the horror stories.
At that moment, a cold gust blows over the both of them, and Sherlock involuntarily shivers. He's been outside in this weather all day, when any sane person would want to find shelter immediately. It's starting to affect him, how dull.
“I haven’t bound you because I like to see you restrained, and I haven’t gagged you because I like to hear your muffled moans,” Sherlock hums in amusement as he tugs at John’s balls and admits, “Well, it’s not the only reason.”
John suddenly thought of rabbits, and wondered if this was what they felt like when they had their paw caught in a steel trap. He could only dumbly stare at his husband while he moved to get the meal placed by their bedside.
Several times other constables had turned up on his doorstep, only to be turned away with Sherlock's acidic words still ringing in their ears.
John squirmed for a moment, then stopped himself. He inhaled deeply while shutting his eyes. When he opened them, defiance shone through past the fog of lust. "Piss. Off." Would John ever cease to surprise him? Sherlock dearly hoped not.
These last few unremembered nightmares could be ascribed to a combination of poor health and miserable luck, but the ones before them, the ones that still drew a chill down John’s spine with their unequivocal clarity, spoke of a deeper meaning than a troubled mind. What that meaning was still frustratingly evaded him.
Sherlock walks slowly over to the bed, as if John is a trapped and frightened animal. He sets the bottle on the nightstand, and John eyes it hungrily. The condensation gathers and falls in one long, wet trail, and he licks his lips. Sherlock unbuckles John's ankles, lovingly trailing his hands up and down the taught calves. John winces from the touch, the dry cool of Sherlock's skin being a sharp contrast.
John smiled at him, and leaned in to kiss him. When he pulled away, he realized that what Sherlock had artfully
“Sherlock didn’t save me. The ruffians were already running with their tails tucked by the time Sherlock found me.”
John rocks back and forth into the movements, clutching Jim's thighs. The other man raptly watches John being fucked, content to stare, but John remembers his previous task, and doesn't want the man to be left aching. Keeping himself supported with both hands, John mouths the flesh in front of his face. He's cautious, each little thrust leaves him groaning, and he doesn't want to cause Jim any pain. He licks as much of the length as he can, his tongue becoming broad and pointed at certain times.
He blinked to reorient himself, and caught the last trace of a small smile on Sherlock’s face. John’s heart skipped. Apparently, using his brain was enough to briefly draw Sherlock out of a foul mood.
It had been a while since either of them had taken the initiative. He wasn’t going to pass up this chance.
John hangs up his jacket in the closet, making room for Sherlock as he did the same. Sherlock’s heat is comfortably emanating against his side, and John tries not to revel in the scent of juniper shampoo.
“It’s just, you’ve been very distant lately. I mean, happier, for sure. You’re the happiest I’ve seen you in a long time. You don’t even need the cane anymore, and I know that there’s more to it than your physical therapy. But you’re also…shut off.”
“The press! You get them off your back and Sherlock looks like the misunderstood hero. There won’t be a soul who will want to bother him after this, otherwise the whole town will riot in his defense.”
John led the way up to the greenhouse. He felt their stares burn into his back the whole way. He refused to think about how he appeared, having flung insults after trying to dive into a fire for evidence that was long destroyed. He refused to examine himself objectively, for he knew what he’d find. He would see nothing but a paranoid husband gone mad with grief.
The only break from the monotony had been the delivery of his lunch (sandwich and crisps) and dinner (soup). Both times the door had only been opened long enough for the food to be slipped through. John had gotten a glimpse of the hallway outside, and had not been shocked to see the outline of a man standing passive with a very large gun. Some other guard had put the food on the floor. So, two guards, who probably changed shifts, more than likely armed to the teeth. His avenues of escape were looking very bleak indeed.
John watches the bloodied corpse slump for a stunned second, then he's spitting words at Sherlock. He's straining against the two men keeping him from clawing the bastard's eyes out. "You fucking son of a bitch!"
As soon as he was out of hearing distance John smacked Sherlock’s hip. “Did you really have to be so juvenile about it?”
“Don’t feel too dismayed, I was only speeding along an inevitability. A woman with that many internal demons would have succumbed to her weaknesses eventually. After all, I did find her exiting a pub before I dragged her away into a filthy alley.”
John heard several pairs of boots exit his cell. Everything was quiet now except for the whirr of machinery. "You can turn around now John," Sherlock said, sounding amused.
“I know it sounds fantastical to the extreme, and I don’t expect you to believe me, but this is what has been troubling me.” He looked at Sherlock’s face, expecting mockery or amusement, but his husband was looking at him with a sincere gentleness. There was also a careful stillness to Sherlock’s features that reminded John of a spooked animal, but he prayed above all else that his husband did not fear him for the mirages he couldn’t halt.
Sherlock pushes away from his laptop and paces his room. What to do? This was completely out of his field of expertise. All the extensive studies in the world couldn't help him find the delicate balance between a willing prisoner and a sex slave. John was already defying studies with his "too good for this world" behavior. What other techniques could John utterly disregard? Will what breaks another person make John more defiant? Will John only be able to see him as his captor and rapist, not a potential lover? How is Sherlock supposed to know if he's doing this right when what he's doing is utterly amoral? Sherlock only had one option left. He hangs his head back and sighs through his nose, dreading what's coming.
John’s borrowed ill-fitting clothes and Sherlock’s self-imposed starvation meant that John felt like he could crack the boy in half. Or get stabbed by one of Sherlock’s protruding ribs. After several seconds, he let go. Sherlock looked stunned, but also, though John doubted he would ever admit it to anyone, he seemed moved.
John's groans are more high-pitched now, almost screams. But not quite, not yet. The new noises he's wrenching from John's lips send a hot pulse to Sherlock's groin. He ignores his arousal in favor of deducing John's expressions from behind the blindfold. Sherlock's gaze at this moment is much like when a passionate entomologist has a rare butterfly pinned alive to the cork board.
“I’m referring to when you went to great lengths to defend him, after I had cast my doubts on the nature of your relationship. From the degree you became so righteous, I had no trouble imagining that, if we were in a different time, you would have happily challenged me to a duel for the sake of his virtue.”
At the final digit, the lock clacked open. John waited, the door loose in his hand, for Jim to spring up in alarm from his bed. The man snuffled in his sleep, turned over, and was still again.
Sherlock kissed his way behind John’s ear, down his neck, and across his slowly exposed clavicle as Sherlock pulled at the ties of the undershirt. With short tugs, the leather strings came undone and he pushed the coarse fabric aside.
Sherlock responds "I'm in accounting." There's silence, and now John's looking at him like he's either joking or insane.
Except it isn't soft flesh that enters his mouth, it's hard metal lined with rubber. Two long prongs on the top and bottom that pry apart his teeth and keep his lips from shutting. John tries to close his jaw to prevent what's about to happen, but it's far too late. A strap buckles around his head, and he feels something being screwed on the side. The gag is being ratcheted into place.
Sherlock sighs and gestures with his other hand. “It’s a romantic dinner John. I know you haven’t exactly been keeping up with recent culture, but I’m sure even you would recognize such a thing.”
The minutes pass tortuously slow, until Sherlock gets up from the couch and removes the disk once the credits roll. John thinks that that's it. That they're back to this weird routine of ours, but Sherlock sits back down, much closer to John than before.
“I’m Officer Lestrade. My wife is the daughter of Jefferson Hope, and we were visiting for the funeral before I heard Mr. Watson-Holmes required a constable. Now who are you both, and what is happening here?”
John could do nothing. He felt as though he had been frozen in time, forced to hear these callous words until the stars blinked out of existence.
This time when John stopped it was to revel in the cool air caressing his sweat soaked skin. He hadn’t realized how much he’d missed such a simple pleasure until tears pricked the back of his eyes. He was reinvigorated with resolve. John moved to pull himself up to another ledge.
It was at this point that Sherlock stopped listening entirely. That certainly explained why he hadn’t bonded. He’d been too busy cleaning up his father’s messes. Add that to taking care of his sister, and he would never have the time to look for a bond partner he could trust.
Sherlock walks with intent, completely ignoring the heated argument between the Sergeant and the Inspector.
“John,” Sherlock said in a way that suggested his patience was at an end, “you didn’t come over here to talk about how I arrived home.”
He would be happier sleeping closer to John, even in the same bed, which he had never desired from his previous partners. He reminded himself that John was just a quick elevator ride away. Before long, John would eagerly join him in bed if it made Sherlock happy. Those hopeful thoughts drifted him away into the deepest sleep he'd had in ages.
John’s chest twinged in sympathy. He knew that Sherlock and Jim had only ever found solace in the other due to their massive minds. Such brilliance, and tendency to overlook conventional etiquette, must have made for isolated childhoods; the likes of which John could never hope to fully understand.
Sherlock laughed derisively, “No, actually. My first response was not to start partaking in hard narcotics. I was, regrettably, far more pedestrian.”
The fireplace flames crackled behind him. Without thinking, John tried to reach for the glowing ash. A chorus of alarm erupted behind him, and Lestrade pulled him away before he could even graze the fire grate.
“Bit of advice, Mr. Watson-Holmes,” Moriarty had never called him that before, and it sent ice racing through John’s veins, “when you’re trying to be subtle about your thievery, be careful that it doesn’t leave a trail.”
He brings up his other arm, and very carefully lowers the thing down. Grooves on the top that act as rustic steps help boost him up. It's impossible to close the door from the other side, so Sherlock leaves it down. He doubts anyone will patrol up here.
“John?” Sherlock questioned. It wasn’t harsh and cold like earlier, it was hesitant. Like he was holding on to a tentative thread of hope, and it might snap in his grip. “What are you--”
His impending demise feels...rather nice actually. A pleasant weightlessness, like the hits before they turned just as sour and monotonous as everything else.
Sherlock gave Jim an expression of such misplaced ferocity that John stepped back at the sight of it. Clearly his husband was upset about something far beyond a lone excursion. Just as he was about to inquire about it, and perhaps recant his plans to soothe Sherlock’s nerves, the look disappeared.
He wondered where Mary was. Maybe she was already on the train to London, or Janine and her were getting a lunch after a long night of tears and frustrated conversation. He wondered how well Janine would take to Mary raving emphatically before she switched to uncontrollable bawling. Then going back and forth between the two until she exhausted herself. John remembered what she was like when she got well and truly upset.
Sherlock increases his speed, hitting John's prostate with more ruthlessness. He's gripping John's hips tightly, Sherlock quickly takes a mental note to document the bruises later. His thrusts pick up in speed, driving his cock deep into John. The sound of their heavy breathing and the slap of flesh permeates the room. The cool air feels heavenly against overheated skin. The smell of lube and sex is not nearly as disgusting as Sherlock remembers. It's a musk he would bottle, if it didn't mean that others would know what coupling with John smelled like. Sherlock leans down, biting John's shoulder, continuing to piston.
Mycroft tapped his umbrella twice on the floor. “That remains to be seen, Doctor Watson. As it stands, this is more of a social call than I’m used to making. I wanted to see what kind of person my brother would want as his, how to put this, ‘partner in crime’?”
When John looked down, the group was standing there, blinking and dazed from the sudden noise as well as the syrup slow process of figuring out what had just happened. All except Sherlock. Who was running in the opposite direction of the place where they’d come in.
At first, John didn’t understand what he was reading. It seemed to be primarily correspondence between Jim, Sherlock, and countless strangers John had never heard of. Most used pseudonyms, unless it was for droll information like banking statements.
It jolted John out of his haze. He flinched back, “I—nothing. There was nothing else, I just wanted to apologize. I’m sorry.”
John berated himself for being frightened of nothing. John knew the effects of fever on a man, and the previous night’s events were hazy due to said infection. Lord only knew what he had done to himself in a fit of wildness.
They immediately flew open again when Sherlock completely drew John's pants down to his thighs. Sherlock delighted in the correct assumption that John didn't wear underwear to bed. John's uncut cock lay flaccid between his thighs. Apparently their brief discussion had softened whatever arousal Sherlock had brought on. This annoyed Sherlock, but he didn't fault John for it. Soon, his doctor would relish in the attentions he would give him. Brief ideas about sexual conditioning crossed his mind, but Sherlock went back to admiring John's cock. It was surrounded by soft pubic hair that was slightly lighter than the hairs on his head. With reverence, Sherlock's long fingers traced the skin of his shaft.
“He did tell me some troubling things about you.” John held up his hand to stave off Sherlock’s words, “Really, it’s alright Sherlock. I expected it.”
And then it’s like a flood gate has broken, “You’ve stuffed me in a metal box for two days. You’ve drugged me. You’ve raped me. Tortured me. You’ve used the lives of strangers and loved ones as
He was just so delightfully amazing while being completely innocuous. He wanted to see how John Watson interacted with the world before he broke him down and kept him solely for himself. It was the easiest thing to locate not only his address but also his place of work. Sherlock had once again been treated to a wonderful paradox of John Watson when he found out his preferred occupation. An army doctor, a killer and a healer. The discovery had left Sherlock grinning like a loon, yet the clinic's sole purpose seemed to be to keep John occupied, not bring him any enjoyment. Likewise, his tiny flat was a roof over his head and a warm place to sleep, not a home.
Jim smiled indulgently, as if John were a child attempting to solve a vexing riddle. Sherlock’s lips were thinned to white lines while he refused to look at him.
John whimpers when it coils around his organs, makes his heart beat faster and constrict his lungs. He breathes deeply to counteract the wild notion that he's about to suffocate. It builds to a molten core inside of his chest, and John bucks into the mattress, trying to dislodge it.
Sherlock trailed a series of tiny nips over John’s shoulder, down to his clavicle, where he openly mouthed over the slender bone.
Afterwards, Sherlock had taken John home and activated every runic inlay for protection and comfort. Nothing short of a hydrogen bomb was going to cross Sherlock’s threshold unless he had a say in it. Then he just led John to their room, and to their bed.
“I really do wish you would say something a bit more original. These would be laughable defenses, but I find that I’m not very amused.”
don’t know my thoughts, although I’m afraid the opposite isn’t true,” Sherlock retorted. “You assume I’ve never felt love before because of my age, or that I wouldn’t know what it was, or that I’m confusing friendship for something deeper. Well I can assuredly say that you are wrong on every point. I have been in love before, or have you forgotten Victor?”
Sherlock's eyes flash with something that's gone too quickly for John to identify. The tall man leans down and forward, until their foreheads are near to touching. John's tempo only fractionally skips. "You wouldn't," the air brushes intimately across John's face, "I know you John. More than you can comprehend. You hate to lose."
John’s arms have become numb from laying on them for so long, sending pinpricks of pain whenever he shifts. He’s not sure if his hands can even form fists anymore, but he imagines gripping onto his own skin to prevent himself from flying to pieces. The thought of reminding Sherlock about his circulation slides across his mind like water over a smoothed stone.
A strange and unbidden chill flashed down John’s spine at those words. Images of grinning teeth and tight grips flickered like candle shadows at the edges of his mind. John smiled, and hoped it wasn’t strained.
He can feel those dark curls brushing his legs as he leans between his trapped thighs. John's confused about his intentions until he feels that dexterous tongue swirling through the semen left on his stomach.
But instead of lubing up his hand again, Sherlock leans down and takes John’s soft prick into his mouth. It’s enough of a shock that John kicks out one of his legs in reflex; with the sound of the chain overpowering Sherlock’s wet licking sounds.
He opened up the door, and was immediately glad that he’d changed. Sherlock wasn’t formally dressed, but he looked sharp in his aubergine shirt and dark jeans. John was impressed that Sherlock could pull of a black bomber jacket so well. On the usual teenagers around the school, it looked like capitalistic overcompensation. On Sherlock, it was a fashionable statement piece.
Several years of physical therapy and unending support from his wife, and it took a strange genius teenager to unlock John from the prison of his own mind.
Sherlock's used that time to look so thoroughly disheveled that he almost clutches John, slipping in his desperation. Though not in the way John thinks. "Thank you" Sherlock babbles "Thank you thank you so much the cab's this way." He runs a hand through his hair while briskly walking, and John's features tighten in concern as he scans the street. His lovely doctor attempts to diffuse the tension by cracking "If this is an attempt to get me to your apartment, all you had to do was ask."
Said army doctor was losing himself in the pleasure. He shivered when Sherlock lightly brushed the underside of his cock, and a startled whine escaped when Sherlock lightly traced John's scrotum. The precome was now leaking steadily onto Sherlock's palm. Sherlock realized with glee that John was edging very close to orgasm. Sherlock leaned in close to John's ear, and began speaking in a low rumble that further twisted the heat in John's belly.
John led them directly to Jim’s room and the safe. “It’s been a night since I’ve uncovered their secrets,” he warned the officer, “so I would like to impress upon everyone here, that a complete lack of documentation in this safe should be deemed as curious, if not outright suspicious.”
getting something out of this,” Mycroft insisted, “You were getting my reluctant avoidance to whatever God forsaken thing it is you do in your wing of the castle. If you wanted that revoked, brother, you could have merely mentioned it.”
The whistle of the crop precedes a stinging bite on the inside of his thigh. It dashes to the other side, across his hips, his taut stomach, before striking across the patch of skin where his groin met his leg. The sharp bites spread their small infernos across his skin, compiling to the steady burn of his chest.
Sherlock didn’t move. John rubbed his wet hair, “Right then, I guess not.” He sucked in a deep breath, “Okay, well then--”
John steps inside the box, only now realizing that it was standing right side up this time. He turns around, places his back against the wall. He's able to make out the shadow of Sherlock reaching for the door, and he has to ask. He has to.
When Sherlock felt his lips begin to tingle in numbness, he pulled off enough to clear his throat and ask, “The lubricant please, it’s on the nightstand.” His voice sounded a little hoarse, but thankfully John hadn’t noticed. Sherlock cast his eyes upward, to see if John had even heard him, and his breath stuttered.
“That’s it,” Sherlock encourages when John’s breathing begins to smooth out. The hand on his arm leads him to the side. They step forward, and the faint scratchy sound of music tells him they’re on the lift. He’d been so far gone he hadn’t even heard the ring.
“I need you to help me identify the substance and evaluate its properties. I could assure you without any doubt of the tincture’s odor and color on sight if given the chance. I only need to get back to the mansion, and for that I need a policeman to escort us there and arrest those heinous beasts. Do you know if-”
The giddiness turned to soot when a woman stumbled into John’s side. She turned and swiftly apologized. John waved it away with an easy smile.
Sherlock got out of the car without looking back at John, who had been stunned into silence since the words ‘I don’t have any parents’. He scrambled out of the car.
Sherlock's fingers were done tracing the bite marks left over on John's stomach. Now, they drew further down, edging the top of his sweatpants. John noticed, and sucked in air. John bit back a cry when Sherlock bit down savagely hard at the junction of his neck and shoulder, leaving an angry red mark. "I told you John," Sherlock rumbled into John's neck, "touching you brings me pleasure. And you will never deny me pleasure." Sherlock pressed into John's side, emphasizing the erection that tented his trousers. John flinched and shut his eyes.
"No such thing," John clenches out, "only in, ah, movies." He berates himself for the erotic slip up, but Sherlock doesn't comment on it.
Sherlock grit his teeth, feeling unnaturally defensive. "He isn't like all of the 'normals' Jim, he defies expectations so much he should be a subspecies of the human race. I'm having...difficulties, in discerning how to bend him to me."
He reaches up with his other hand to lightly pinch and twist John’s nipple, cataloging what John sounds like when he gasps around wet silk.
Sherlock thought about the camera still steadily watching them. How it would catch all of the things Sherlock missed in these moments. The exact flush of John’s skin, a sudden twitch in his leg or the desperate curl of his toes. All of it caught on video for him to browse as he pleased.
“Sherlock’s emotions weren’t irrational, doctor, they were self-destructive. He will vehemently deny suicide, but any fool could have seen he would not have lasted more than five years with the habits he picked up.” His eyes flickered down to the paper, then he was back to staring through John’s skin and into his core.
“Mr. Watson-Holmes?” the voice from before called out. A woman stepped into his view. Her mousy brown hair was tied back, and she was giving him a look of deep concern and sympathy. She held a cup of coffee to him. “If you have your strength back, you should drink something warm. You’ve had quite a shock to your body.”
The slick sounds of Sherlock’s hand and John’s breathy moans hang in a thick miasma over the bed. Sherlock still remains quiet, apparently content to watch John react to even the slightest of touches. John would be disconcerted by the silence, but this isn’t even the top five of ‘creepiest things Sherlock has ever done’. So he just concentrates on the pleasure, knowing that it’s quite possibly a limited offer tonight.
John's learned from Afghanistan that when you take a hostage, your value as a human life drops drastically. The only thing that matters is getting the one you kidnapped home safely. John doubts the people in this building would have any qualms about shooting him, even if he was the in the right. John obviously can't afford whatever their paychecks are worth.
John was amazed, terrified, and bewildered. “That’s correct. Absolutely correct. How did you know-?”
Still, that didn’t mean he was going to have an affair. He had the self-control and wherewithal to talk about his feelings without becoming impulsive. He could do this. He could talk things over with Sherlock without it delving into something deeper. They just needed to be open and honest with one another so they could begin to move on.
“John, please,” Sherlock begged, “you aren’t making any sense. I know this must be confusing for you, but come home and we’ll sort this out after you’re safe.”
Sherlock smiled, “In a manner of speaking, yes. It’s really more of a side project, meant to amuse the both of us. Once we’ve perfected it we intend to license it towards more commercial purposes. Perhaps as an infestation deterrent.”
They're tiny figures, vaguely humanoid, with odd lumps on their backs. Sherlock picks up one, a crudely carved hunk of marble. There are two lumps on the back, and the feet seem to have claws. There are two arms, extended and poised as if ready for attack. It's making tiny replicas of itself?
Jim grinned at him, “Oh we know. So, help us settle a little dispute Johnny. Sherlock and I both have an invested interest in a certain project. This is not just any small business venture. This is the coup-de-grace, the magnum opus if you will.”
She slid her way back up to his elbow. With delicate precision, she pinched at a bit of skin that John could see like the rings on a stump, and slowly pulled down. All the way down she went, taking the top layer of his skin. She reached his wrist and let it dangle there like a sheet hung to dry. She came back up and began the process all over again.
He unfolds the sheet, and wraps it around himself. The edges graze the dirty pavement, mostly covering his feet if he stands still. He pulls enough of the fabric over his head to throw his features into obscurity. When he's done, he looks like a crazy person wrapped in someone's sheets.
He walked back into the living room, where he fully expected Sherlock to be talking Mary’s ear off about their escapade. Instead, both of them were sitting apart from one another. Mary looked awkward while Sherlock appeared bored.
He takes a step forward, his arms open and inviting, like he's presenting a prize. That's John's time to strike.
John blinked at him slowly, and then he slumped away in relief. After he’d gathered his senses from the floor he said, “I’m starting to see why you were punched on your first day here.”
John always wondered if it was the absence of London, the tedium of snotty teens, or even the sucking silence of a peaceful neighborhood that destroyed their relationship. It was probably all three.
"And this wouldn't be losing. I'd still win. I just wouldn't be able to see it happen." John grins, feeling some of his old self slowly seeping back. But it's different now, his soldier training is not focused on escaping. It's focused on Sherlock. The gauntlet has been thrown, and he needs what he once was if he wants to win this fight.
“I’m not picky,” Sherlock objects, wrinkling his nose as though the very notion of him being juvenile is distasteful, “I simply don’t find much merit in eating.”
John leaned on his cane a little heavily as he made his way to the bedroom. Sherlock’s words of his limp being psychosomatic echoed through him. He sat down on the edge of the bed with the cane leaning against the side.
"Sherlock! Please! I can't-I can't-Please!" the fingers brush deliberately against his prostate, and John cries out from the over stimulation. He's actually not sure what he wants. More pleasure? Less? Everything is too much.
John pretends he doesn't notice, looking back out the window. He's greedily looking at the outside world, but inside of his head he's warring with his instincts. Isn't he just being paranoid? It's certainly understandable. John suspects his trust issues from now on are going to send his therapist into a tizzy.
But John had to finish his paperwork and Sherlock had a nose to keep from swelling. John eventually got Sherlock to promise to keep his face iced under threat of a swift kick to the pants. It wasn’t until he sat back at his desk, with a huge grin on his face, that he realized he hadn’t gotten the contact information for Sherlock’s parents. He considered looking for his file for an emergency contact, but since Sherlock was on his way home, they’d surely find out soon enough. The boy didn’t seem to be the type that liked it when anyone, well-meaning professional adults or no, took away any aspect of his control. John decided he’d call Sherlock’s home tomorrow, to be certain he was taking care of the injury properly.
The man waves his hand, "Don't even start mate. I've had my demons, this is just my repenting is all. You thanking me is gonna taint that. So don't even try, yeah? Just eat your pasta."
John set his shoulders and marched on. Only to stop at the sight of the unblemished glass door to the greenhouse.
He let the words hang between them, unsaid. It felt wrong to say them out loud. He didn’t even know why he was mentioning this. John could have made a huge mistake. Maybe talking about it would make their interactions seem sordid, which would cause Sherlock to become uncomfortable, and then he would never want to talk with John again.
John's not sure what he's expecting when he comes out of the bathroom. Maybe for Sherlock to be sitting on the couch, giving him another smart arse smirk? He does know that Sherlock isn't omniscient, though it bloody well feels like it sometimes.
Sherlock hisses above him, not liking the rough treatment of his sensitized penis. He pins John's hips down with his thighs, and the man practically howls from the loss of friction.
When Sherlock turns around, he plays exasperated acceptance perfectly. "You are very lucky that I haven't sent someone already. I don't think even my direct orders would have gotten those dogs off of a scent."
Until he brought up his own hand to cup his jaw, and placed his fingers in a general vicinity of the markings. Even if his fingers were too short to completely cover them.
After that, there was only distant and murmured voices. A brief feeling of coolness over his abused skin. Then nothing.
The smell of it was overpowering, and John hysterically realized that he'd been lying on his back this whole time. He could tell from the way the puddle moved down his hips and traveled behind him. Humiliated tears ran down the corners of his eyes, and John covered his face with his hands. For a few minutes he laid in his own filth. Desperately trying not to shift and feel the puddle splash across his skin.
Perhaps he wasn't going to come after all. Perhaps he expects a trap, or he was too intimidated by all that Sherlock noticed. Panic seized him at that thought. He was nearly ready to trek back to Big Ben and hunt him all over again before he heard the sudden and soft whoosh of air behind him.
Sherlock focused his sense of smell, and found that John was the only untouched Omega in the room. And based on a posture that indicated she was used to getting her way, John’s sister was an Alpha. The fact that she had been forced to grant control of their fates to her brother, as he was the only male of the household, was doubtlessly a very heavy blow to her pride.
The wet smack of the body brings John back to his senses, while the scent of blood still triggers his primeval rage. He shakes his head, attempting to get himself back under control.
John picks up his writhing in fevered earnest, and his shoulders will doubtlessly suffer terrible rug burn. His ankles dig into the small of Sherlock’s back, but Sherlock welcomes the discomfort to hear John murmur, “Please, please Sherlock, please.”
He pulled John’s head to the side, and John growled at the rough treatment before the noise turned into a gasp. Sherlock worried at the skin above John’s collarbone with hard nips and sucks until it was satisfyingly wet under his lips.
It would be inaccurate of John to think of the greenhouse as spotless when he stepped inside. After all, there were tools the gardener had left strewn about, and the potted dirt and melting snow tarnished the pathways. Yet there was no broken glass, no pools of blood, no sign of a struggle. Just a greenhouse, with all of the signs of care and maintenance attached to it.
“Then why let it bother you? With every certainty, I can tell you that that’s all that people do Johnny. They die.”
Sherlock's not even stroking him, just teasingly touching his cock and balls until he's half hard. Sherlock stops his ministrations, and John has half a second to be relieved before he hears the bag being shifted. The sound stops, so Sherlock's found what he was looking for. John doesn't have time to wonder what it was, he's too focused on the sound of the bottle of lube being uncapped. Sherlock's fingers are back, slick and warm, stroking a little more insistently. While most of it lubes up the hand bringing pleasure to John's cock, some of it is traced back to his hole. There, it is rubbed in gently.
It was Sherlock’s turn to be surprised to stillness. John took advantage of this by stepping out of the dragon’s hold. He backed away as Sherlock turned to watch.
"Sherlock Holmes, as you know, mysterious tax accountant and attracted to adventurous men." Sherlock's grin turns into a smirk, and by the look in John's eyes, the flirtation is well received. Sherlock notices that he's being waved in by one of the policeman. "I'm afraid I have to leave after this, though I do dread the paperwork, but it's been a pleasure John. I am very grateful that you saved my life." A flash of disappointment crosses John's eyes, but he quickly stamps it down.
The door to the study was unlocked, and the lack of gas lights and flickering fireplace flames indicated no one was inside. He pushed open the door, and winced at the small creak it produced. He waited, crouched and anxious in the doorway, but there was no confused inquiry or raising of an alarm.
That his sister would manifest as such a horrific entity unsettled him as well. For more than the obvious reasons. While she certainly hadn’t passed peacefully from old age, falling into a drunken stupor and unknowingly drowning in her own sick wasn’t the most violent of ends.
He knows that Sherlock hardly eats. He’s lived with the man in perpetual solitude for a year. And studying your enemy’s habits is a novice stratagem. But John had mostly thought that Sherlock’s aversion to food stemmed from his mediocre cooking, or from Sherlock’s upper class sensibilities.
“It had a message, while it was flying over the town. It said it wanted you. It said if you go to it, then it will stop,” the villager told him. The man couldn’t even look John in the eye. The townsfolk behind him wore expressions of regret, fear, and a few of them were flinted with resentment.
He picks up the plate, and carries it over to his desk. He holds himself back, even though the hunger has made itself known tenfold now that food is near. He smells the divine aroma, and can't detect anything off about it. He tears open the chicken, looking for any pills, though he doubts anyone would be that obvious about it. Finding nothing, John dines.
“I can assure you that you’re allowed to say no. We’ll simply go home now if you wish, but I have gathered that this sort of evening often includes dancing. And, admittedly,” Sherlock’s expression becomes beatific; “I would simply savor the pleasure of dancing with you.”
Sherlock plucked at the leather strings until they became loose. Once he had enough room, his hand shoved itself down the front of John’s trousers to palm and rub at the naked flesh.
The finger gently circles around his rim, barely pressing in a little bit at a time, until finally it slides inside. The sensation is almost negligible compared to what John is used to, but he still rustles the carpet fibers with his breath when Sherlock softly rubs over his prostate.
Something restless and unspent told John that he needed to do something quickly, or he might punch Mycroft in the face without being justifiably provoked. “We’re done here,” John said as he grabbed his coat. If Sherlock wasn’t before, he was definitely looking for John now. He needed to go find him before these two crossed paths.
“The image! The image,” he wheezes, distantly glad that he had slowed down on the lamb before this began, “of you stirring up your posh meal with ten quid leftovers. Oh, Christ, my stomach hurts,” John chuckles, wiping at an eye.
As happy (as good a word as any) as Jim was, he apparently thought that Sherlock should have what Jim had. But Sherlock was very skeptical of the idea. Not only was sex dull and predictable, but prolonged exposure of "normals" practically drove him up the wall before he killed them. Who in the world could hold his interest like Jim had, while giving him an excitement that Jim couldn't?
He paused in smoothing out the invisible wrinkles in his suit. “Sherlock will assume you’ll be easy to sway because of your sentiment towards him. But I’m beginning to see that you’re rather stubborn when it comes to his welfare.”
Harriet always promised to take him away if that ever became a reality. But it was always easier to simply put up with their monster of a parent and tend to the farm. When they’d received the news that he’d had his head smashed in, John hadn’t wept.
John felt Sherlock’s tail coil along his leg to gently pull it to the side. Sherlock nestled between John’s thighs, kissing and licking his way across the golden flesh he revered so much. He reached a nipple and held it delicately between his sharpened teeth. John froze underneath him. At first, Sherlock only chuckled. Then the dragon let go to look consideringly at John’s chest.
John was quite certain these were the real deal, not the knock-offs you bought for fun at a sex shop. John heaved out a frustrated sigh, and slammed his head back against the mattress. He then viciously berated himself for the resulting waves of nausea. The drugs weren't entirely out of his system then, fantastic. Guess he would just have to lay here and wait for the steady migraine to pass. Thank god he didn't need to use the loo just yet.
Since John rarely indulged in sentimental statements, even while fully rational, he decided to communicate his thoughts the best way he knew how.
Sherlock grunts as he lifts John onto the bed, positioning him on his back. Sherlock takes a moment to relish the sight of him completely docile on the bedding, then he removes John's shoes with care. He buckles John in securely, pads for the wrists and ankles while normal nylon belts hold him down everywhere else. John is completely immobilized, and he's only dressed in pajamas and socks, making the vulnerability absolutely delectable. Sherlock looks around the sparse room to distract himself.
Occasionally John would find Sherlock’s divergence from humanity disturbing. In the sense that he was foreign to the concepts of friendship and love.
The last time he had gone this long without a decent case, he had invented a new cleaning solution that was ten times stronger than bleach. Of course, it had lost the purpose of 'cleaning' once it ate through the floorboards.
He forgets himself and convulses so hard he chokes on the bit. He hears Sherlock chuckle above his own pathetic cries. There’s a moment when John hates him so intensely that it briefly chases away the pain and humiliation.
Although Jim gave no indication to the contrary, John couldn’t help but feel like he hadn’t fooled the man at all. In his haste to sit down, he misjudged his pace and caused every aching part of him to flare. John bit down a cry as his body went rigid.
John’s nerves were eventually going to abandon ship if they kept getting tossed around like this. “I—what?”
It doesn’t take long for John’s erection to harden. Even with Sherlock’s dry hand, John is leaking enough precome for it not to matter. The slick slide provides the friction the sheets couldn’t. With a few firm strokes, John is back on the brink.
A long hand clasps over his mouth when he walks through the door. The arm pulls him close, and immobilizes his free arm from moving. Before John can drop the bag and get his bearings, something sharp pokes his neck. He feels a very unpleasant pressure, and the syringe is pulled out of him. The arm lets him go, and John reels away clutching the slowly swelling area .
“Actually,” John said, completely thrown by the strange conversation, “that reminds me Jim. Have you happened to see Mr. Hope today? I left him outside of the pub and now he’s disappeared. After last night’s events, I think it’s not out of line to be concerned.”
He knows Sherlock is a genius. He's not ashamed of admitting that. But the man can't honestly know when John was having a wank just by looking at him. The ointment dries, and John does his stretches. As he's jogging around the room, John can't help but feel a certain level of triumph. Many times he'd been warned against masturbating, yet here he is. Whole and sane, no roll of thunder on the horizon.
He left a playful kiss on John’s navel, and moved behind John to prop him upright. While Jim held John’s back to his front, Sherlock took his place between John’s thighs. He held a tin of vaseline and a phallic object. It looked firm, possibly carved from wood, but was set with leather and attached by seamless nails.
John sighed and headed back to his own home. While he felt like that had been the best way to end the night after their little escapade, he still felt bereft. It was like the universe had handed him a golden opportunity for something, and he’d let it slip through his fingers.
All he wanted was to tell him what had happened. He wanted to confess, well and truly, minus the magnificent disaster of yesterday. He wanted to tell Sherlock that he had been right all along, and that John didn’t want to hide from himself anymore.
Either John’s entirely misjudged what sort of building they’re in, or someone’s gone a bit overboard with the renovations of a hospital canteen.
“It’s an acquired thing,” John said as he drank from his own glass, “you get used to it. Plus, once you’re older, and trying to keep your head on straight around genius brats who like to try and take down criminal organizations by themselves, you won’t much care about how it tastes.”
The cut was small enough that he could have received it without noticing. He could have scraped it against the sharp edge of paper, or perhaps something in the greenhouse before he’d clutched the tea in his hand. But, no, that was too coincidental to be true, wasn’t it?
“No, it’s, it’s fine,” John interrupted, “the food isn’t a burden. Mary and I won’t buckle from an extra grocery run. As for you-well,” John rubbed a hand over his nape, stretching his back from bending over, “I know it’s weird to say, but it just didn’t feel right leaving you to your own devices, knowing you’d go hungry.”
He continues thrashing for a short while, pulling on the abused muscle even though the doctor inside of him tells him he will sorely regret it later. He stops when he hears the door click open again. Warm light floods in from the hallway while Sherlock says, "Ah, how forgetful of me."
"Oh well, time for Daddy to stop meddling for now. Let the kids figure it out for themselves. Sherly will be cross if I try to help anymore. I think he's still a little cross from last time." Seb says nothing. He hasn't been addressed. When Jim looks back at him, his eyes are quickly glazing over with abrupt lust. Seb knows what's coming, and steels himself for the order.
John wasn’t above feeling a little smug about the timing. It was only amplified from Sherlock’s sour expression. The man collected himself to try and intervene, “Perhaps I could join-”
"Though, as ever, they failed to catch the important bit. So tell me John," Sherlock growls,"what harrowing sob story did you feed her that prompted her to reach out to you? Was it the kidnapping? Was it the box? Or was it the way I make you ache for my cock when you so desperately try to deny it to yourself?"
Soon, they’re both caught up in a magic so primal and powerful, that they forget everything except the name of the other.
He used the toilet almost immediately upon waking, as Sherlock had predicted. Then he appeared to wander aimlessly about his cell, but of course Sherlock knew better. He was measuring, seeing how much fighting room he had to work with if a rush of people entered. He inspected the door, but of course he wouldn't find any avenue of escape there. It was almost hermetically sealed, while small vents let in filtered oxygen.
It's the third day of his comparative freedom when John meets Sebastian. Sherlock has left the room for the first time, and John is obscenely grateful. He could tell from the random twitches, fidgets, and his increased growling at the stupidity of others that the confinement was getting to him as much as John.
“If you’ve had enough here, I’d like to go back home,” Sherlock continued to speak into John’s ear. His hand left John’s shoulder, to trail down and place itself on top of John’s hip.
John blinked the crud away from his eyes. The sun had warmed his face into wakefulness. The curtains were flung wide open to display the white winter sun. Even having slept well past his normal hour, John felt exhausted.
More pacing. More time passes.Is this what he's meant to do now? Wait for Sherlock to return so he can please him? Well, fuck that. John's about to do something rash, like tear down the infernal blinking cameras, when the door opens just enough for an unseen hand to slip in a plate. It's warm and smells heavenly. A chicken breast on a bed of chips. Finger food, so he's not given any cutlery. Which is perfectly alright for John.
John's glare is a steady burn that sparks his mind as well as his desire. Cocaine had been a flash fire, burning through his system as quickly as it entered him. The taste of John is an aphrodisiac, the burn of his vision is an injection, the smell of his sweat is a hazy smoke. Sherlock wants to consume it all like the addict he has never ceased being.
Unimportant papers are strewn about everywhere. Half drunken mugs and an assortment of pecked at plates are cluttered close to one another and are quite possibly permanently stuck to the tabletops. Half of his books are in their proper place on his shelf, the rest are on the sofa or the floor. His experiments have completely taken over the kitchen, and it's a wonder Mrs. Hudson is able to enter there anymore without having a conniption fit.
“So does that mean that you’re going to tell someone who did this? They’ll hardly be able to get away with it.”
“What the hell!” John’s words escaped before he remembered to use appropriate language. He dropped the supplies he’d been sorting to quickly dart to the small freezer where he kept a rarely used ice compress for rugby sprains.
John's giggles eventually tapered off, "But, hold on," John says with some bafflement, "if it's just normal Chinese then why haven't you suggested ordering from them? Instead of going all Mission Impossible on our food," John grins again at the image.
Sherlock felt his knot swell, but it was not enough for it to fully trap him inside of the Omega’s body. It was too far outside of the Mating Time for that to happen. Instead, it merely widened him enough that the Omega was forced to accommodate more flesh. And that extra bit was enough to cause the boy’s body to writhe on Sherlock’s prick.
"Loud and clear darling." The voice is jovial, but there is a tone of seriousness that lets Sherlock know he will adhere to this agreement. "Have fun!" He hangs up, knowing Sherlock hates not getting the last word.
Still, as much as he loved his husband and found Jim to occasionally be a stimulating conversationalist, he needed a bit of time to himself. So he told Sherlock where he was off to, and he protested far more firmly than John had expected.
"Wait! Stop!" John realizes too late that it was a mistake to say anything. Sherlock's gaze sears into him. His eyes run over the expression that John is too slow in tamping down. Sherlock stands straighter, and dread drops John's heart into his stomach.
"John, it's alright," Sherlock says, in a voice that is clinically soothing, "you didn't hurt me. It's alright."
“It’s something I rather hope to avoid repeating,” Sherlock said. Maybe it was John’s wishful thinking, but his tone sounded softer, “Her car reeked of cat urine. It likely has kidney failure and she keeps transporting it for veterinarian visits.”
He cleaned himself off first, and tossed the rag to Sherlock who jerked as the damp cloth hit his back. John giggled as he climbed into bed. As Sherlock cleaned himself he asked, “A shock to the system is the thanks I receive for satisfying you so thoroughly?”
“Hey, so,” Mary said with a smile that John guessed was supposed to be reassuring, “it’s not that I’m not keen, picking up where we left off, but I have a pretty early shift tomorrow so--”
John just stares in shock across the table. He eventually looks down at his plate of food and weighs the petty satisfaction of throwing it at Sherlock’s face over being able to walk for a week. In the end, the growl of his stomach decides for him, and he breaks off a leg of the chicken with a loud snap.
“So, you’re the one Gary’s harping on about. You’d think he was obsessed with you, the way he never shuts up.” The leader leaned forward and placed his elbows on the table. He ran his eyes over Sherlock’s shaking and skinny body. “Personally, I don’t see what has got his knickers so wadded. But, whatever, maybe you’re a right prick when you’re not out of your mind for some smack.”
He folds his wings around himself like a cloak, and hastily retreats into the shadows when he hears the close squeal of the sirens. He claws his way up the building, leaping towards home, hearing the woman shout after him, "Freak! Monster!"
“I did use the safe then,” Jim allowed, and John felt his heart beat a little steadier. “But it was with an entirely different code.” He pulled out a piece of paper from his inner coat pocket, and handed it to the officer. “This is a list of all of my previous codes, to be sure I do not duplicate myself. You will notice, officer, that the one John used when he was in my rooms is not anywhere on this scrap.”
John’s concern overflowed when Sherlock walked into his medical room, and the dark bags under his eyes had become so prominent that he nearly looked like he did when John had first met him.
“Yes of course,” Sherlock said as he stood up. He registered John’s words and looked down at him, perplexed, “You didn’t think dinner was the only thing I had planned for tonight did you? It doesn’t take me six hours just to set up a reservation.”
Sherlock has an idea that his John might become nervous about being submersed into water after this. His ramblings had involved something about the ocean.
There’s a new intimacy in this for Sherlock as well. He’s felt John many times, in countless extensions of the definition, but this easy camaraderie is fresh to him. John trusts him to lead this dance, if nothing else, and Sherlock cradles that trust like a baby bird in his palms.
“I know that,” John smiled to provide his own reassurance, “but you don’t have to do it alone anymore, remember?”
Some are deep, some shallow. Some are recognizable knife wounds, while others are made from various burns. John can barely make out the initials JM. It's John's education as a doctor that allows him to recognize multiple breaks in the man's fingers. Most of them have been reset properly, except for his right index finger. It's completely missing.
When the clue finally occurred to him, he nearly slammed his head against the dirty brick in an effort to clear the (apparently contagious) stupidity from his brain.
"Well, your 'friend' had a silencer on the end of his gun and he attacked you in broad daylight. I mean, I only noticed because I'm used to seeing what a hidden gun looks like, but seriously, what the hell kind of mugger gets a silencer and uses it on just anybody? For that matter, what kind of mercenary kills a 'Business Associate'?"
"Alright sir, someone will be on the way soon. What's your name?" He can't say it. Not yet. Not until he knows he's safe.
“Oh,” Mary said again. She was picking at her nails, an anxious habit she had picked up in medical school.
He still wants his loyalty, his devotion, his love. And they have many years together for Sherlock to craft the right emotional responses for it to become genuine.
Sherlock sipped at his drink, and took quiet pleasure in the fact that John was clearly enjoying himself. His face was flushed with alcohol and good cheer, he bellowed at the screen as someone did something with a ball.
“You don’t normally ask for permission,” John sniped. “No, no no,” his hand shot out to block Sherlock’s entrance, “that wasn’t an invitation.”
It was that, combined with the teasing promise of release, that pushed John over the edge. As John quivered, Sherlock ground his hips down twice more before coming with him.
“I suppose it’s easy for you then, to apply that cold logic to the lives and tribulations of every person around you?”
John dumped the contents into the toilet, lit a match, and burned the plastic bag. Molly came in a little while later and complained about smelling something strange. John denied being able to smell it.
John briefly thought about Sherlock standing in front of a group of reporters, and had to suppress his smirk at the image of him demolishing nosy journalists on live television.
John finds that the tightening in his pelvis could belong to the weight of his growing bladder or the suction of Sherlock’s mouth. His breathing shortens with every swipe of Sherlock’s tongue. John grinds his teeth and digs his heels into the mattress when Sherlock repeatedly dips his tongue into the slit. The sensation is ticklish, and makes his stomach throb with urgency.
John didn’t need his sight to imagine the scowl on Sherlock’s face, “Remember how I mentioned that you spoil things when you speak? You’ve already pushed for a consecutive session and gave him a much stronger tonic than last time. If this has lasting effects, the deal is off Jim.”
"I ran into Harry," John says. He knows he doesn't need to explain. Of course Sherlock knows who she is, even though John has never mentioned her in their entire time together. Sherlock continues to stay silent with his arms crossed, and John takes this as his cue to go on.
“Easy, easy,” John murmured. Sherlock’s whole being was alight with energy. John didn’t want him to burn out before they’d even started.
His brother was still in need of one. And suddenly vicious suspicion and greed stabbed through Sherlock’s mind. He wouldn’t let Mycroft lay his fat fingers on this one.
He kissed his way down John’s chest. Each one seared like a brand. It wasn’t until Jim reached his navel, that John’s tongue felt small enough to allow for speech. “Am I…drugged…again?”
"Something the matter, Johnny?" Most of the students think the cutesy nicknames from their Maths teacher is a little disturbing. Most of the time, John agrees. But he knows the man is just trying to be friendly.
The creaking groans of the house and the tempestuous weather had lent itself to some truly imaginative amounts of noises over the years. John had grown inured to all of them. This was something different.
Now, he loomed over the omega, one arm resting above the boy’s head, the other blocking off his escape. The way that Sherlock demonstrated his dominance over the situation was, admittedly, heavy-handed. But Sherlock enjoyed showing how easy it was for him to disregard personal space and place himself wherever he pleased.
“John, relax, you look like you’re about to pop something,” Sherlock entreated. He snatched at John’s spoon, scooped up the last bite of tiramisu, and ate it while wearing a large grin.
“I don’t-I never-” perhaps John was about to faint again. His vision kept swimming. “I was only trying to-”
John sucked in a breath, but did nothing else. Sherlock just lightly traced the soft skin, preserving this moment forever in his hard drive. Reluctantly, John could feel heat pooling in his groin at Sherlock's teasing touches. Sherlock took his eyes from his own hand to watch John's face. Still gripping his hair, Sherlock turned John to get a better view. John's eyes were closed, denying himself with the stubbornness that was just as much a part of John as his bone structure. When John's member had slightly stiffened, Sherlock gripped it blindly. Slowly, he began stroking.
He backed away from them, feeling the hairs of his nape stand on end. He moved so quickly that he bumped a shelf lined with labeled containers of dried poisons. He turned around to steady it, knowing that even one misplacement would mean disaster. That’s when he saw the one jar that was unlabeled.
Sherlock's chest ached, an entirely new sensation. He was aware what this was, but it still didn't sit well with him. He was heartbroken. He'd been so close, and so hopeful that John was becoming his. But it was all a trick. And he knew Jim was right. John would've rather ended his own life than try and have one with Sherlock. Sherlock clenched his fists, trying to stave off the wave of upset and disappointment.
Seb does what he's told, and kneels in front of Jim while the man tugs painfully on his hair. Lapping at Jim's cock like he's been trained to do, he thinks of John Watson. Thinks of the soldier's spirit that had still been burning away in those eyes. Thinks of the way Sherlock had looked at the box in terrifying hunger when he'd been in that creep's room. He thinks of what's in store for John and his stubborn streak in the coming months.
Jim’s high giggle pierced through the dark sensuality of the room. “You mean you want to watch,” he observed. “You don’t have to play coy with me Sherlock. I think as you do. You’ve always enjoyed your ‘unions’, undoubtedly this is true, but you’re never able to see him properly are you? You have to contend with his face lost in rapture, or the thrum of his body around your prick. You don’t ever really have the occasion to see what sort of expressions, or movements, he can make when he’s caught up in someone else’s embrace.”
And given your phrasing of expletives and physical nature, stone is very important to you. So you wouldn’t waste it on anything frivolous. You have no way of taking pictures, but you’re old and therefore have memories you wish to preserve. You must have had interaction with your species in the past, your psychology is remarkably similar to that of humans, and therefore it’s not entirely impossible that you’re also a social creature. So, on your own, lonely, barely thriving, why not go to one of your own kind for help?
An unbidden thought shot through him. The image of using the same spoon to take another bite of his unfinished dessert. To wrap his own lips around the used metal, to trace his tongue where Sherlock’s had been.
John moans again, and it is laced with despair. Sherlock shakes with the vibration. He thrusts a few more times, and John thinks he's going to come down his throat. He's not sure if he can stand that thought, despite everything he's already been through. But it doesn't happen.
After he’s set the restraints off to the side, he slides an arm under John’s shoulders, prompting him to sit up. With some help, they both stand, although John feels considerably less stable. John lies down on the bed without direction from Sherlock, letting his hands lay gently at his sides to reestablish proper circulation.
John’s thumb traced over a plump bottom lip, and he cleared his throat even though he hated to break the moment. “How, uh, how should we do this?”
Sherlock said something a bit more distinct, although John couldn’t make it out. Then Sherlock reached into his pocket and pulled out a piece of paper. Gary’s response was instantaneous.
Comprehension was the spike that was nailed simultaneously into John’s heart and brain. Jim said, “I usually don’t like getting my hands dirty, but in her case, it was a pleasure.” He crooned the last word. The familiarity slithered into John’s ear.
John doesn't really wake up so much as become aware. He's aware that his mouth is so dry and thick it could be stuffed with cotton. He's aware that no matter how many times he blinks, his world is still black. He's aware that he's on the couch in his room, since it's the only thing that has a backrest and comfortable cushions. He's also aware that he's naked, since he can feel said cushions on his bare arse.
He remembered the joy he’d felt for Sherlock and Jim in reaching a compromise over their petty feud, and the agreement to join them for a card game. After that it became a disconnected sense of heat, confusion, and unease.
Jim groaned again. "For God's sake Sherlock, no wonder it isn't working. You need to introduce some lovin' after the fuckin'!"
The flasks are filled with water, and have a faint tint of metal. Water straight from the pipes then. Easy enough to acquire, if it could locate and swoop in undetected to any water main.
John groans into his hand, smacking his head onto the arm when he lies back down. Did he really just do that? All of that? Laugh with him like he was with his rugby mates instead of his damned kidnapper? Say goodbye to him like a shy schoolgirl at the end of her first date? Jesus.
Sherlock nearly tilts too far forward, but he catches himself at the last second. When he’s done shuddering, he pulls himself out of John’s body.
Mary laughed as she passed by him. She gave him a kiss on the cheek and said, “Put some clothes on handsome, I’ll go make sure Sherlock wasn’t traumatized.”
Jim’s scandalized gasp was heard over Sherlock’s disrobing, “The very idea Sherlock! I’m hurt that you’d accuse me of such underhanded tactics.”
“Then it shall not be for a while,” John coyly said as he moved on top of him. He swung his leg over Sherlock’s hip, and cried out when he felt a sharp pull on his insides.
“You’re out here wandering in solitude. This could be a leisurely comfort, yet someone who approaches a dragon without thought to weapons or armor means you enjoy adventure. You’re also rather far from your town than is sensible for a normal stroll. It suggests that you didn’t want to come across anyone from your community, and that you go looking for trouble when none finds you.”
He watches them, alert for any trouble, but none is forthcoming. Even when his patrols take him to the seedier parts of the city, everything is quiet. Only the yowling of cats and the flutters of paper mar the silence.
John’s distantly appreciative that Sherlock even bothered to warn him of what he’d planned for today. He’d even been given the option of having his hands tied or unbound.
The preparation makes it such a smooth glide down that he barely feels it enter him. He only knows that he’s full when he feels himself clench in surprise, and when the head of Sherlock’s cock passes over his sensitive prostate.
Sherlock narrows and spreads his fingers inside of John, sufficiently stretching him. Really, Sherlock could do this for the duration of the drug's shelf life. But he does have a few things to attend to, and knowing that John will be in here, helpless and aroused beyond capacity, sends a chill running down his spine.
It was the sensation of fangs brushing his lips that crashed him back to his senses. He stepped back abruptly, leaving Sherlock with his eyes still closed. The dragon leaned forward as if to follow a wayward mouth. Then he blinked and realized John had moved away.
And he is, he is, he is, he is. He regrets the stupid plan, wishes he could've come up with a better one. He doesn't regret saving Mary's life, of course not. But he wishes he could've been smarter about it. Because this is too much. He can't stand this. He's nearly been driven insane by the dark, and he doesn't want this on top of it. He can live without the connotation of agonizing arousal every time someone shuts off a light, thanks.
John looked exasperated, “Seriously Sherlock, I can’t think of anything you would do that I wouldn’t approve of.” He immediately backtracked, “As long as, you know, it would fall within normal moral and sane parameters.”
John hasn't allowed anger to spur his words in a very long time, "That's enough Sherlock. I already said I wasn't going to do anything. So get your damned knickers out of the twist they're firmly lodged in and let's go back to-"
Before he could reach for Sherlock again, his wrist was caught, and brought down his own trousers. The familiar sensation of his own hand on his member, but being directed by another man, was alluringly erotic.
him exactly, but the man is incredibly thorough. When Sherlock is satisfied with the amount of lubrication, he takes the catheter at the end of the bag, uncaps the end, and gently glides it into the top of John's penis.
The landlady is also perfectly sweet. John tries to avoid as many conversations with her as possible for that very reason. Most of the time, he's just making excuses for his eccentric 'boyfriend'. "I think it's great that you boys have so much energy, but maybe not so loud and close to four in the morning, hmm?" John had sputtered, managed to get out a few nods and apologies before dashing up the stairs. He'd been beet red for two hours after that. He hadn't known how to explain to Mrs. Hudson that, when it comes to their agreement on sex, John isn't allowed to deny. Ever.
He looked at John expectantly. He apparently assumed John would pick up the story without any acknowledgement of what had just occurred.
“I—maybe later,” John said, “I just, I can’t think right now. I have to leave. I’m sorry Sherlock,” and he darted for the exit before Sherlock could try and stop him.
After his fifth breath, he crumpled up the torn photograph and shoved it into his pocket. It burned the lining of his jeans.  When John entered the number printed on the business card into his phone, he tore it up until the pieces were small enough to satisfy him.
“Any other brilliant plans?” John asked. He saw two boys up ahead, who must have been tasked with guarding the regular entrance. They took notice of the commotion, and started to run in their direction.
Jim didn’t answer for a long time. “Well, the answer is all over your clothes Johnny. Along with other things. It warms my heart to see you two so…active after the honeymoon period.”
John, in this state, pays no heed to the man that has reduced him to this. He just drinks, the bob in his throat a mesmerizing and familiar sight. It is similar to when John wraps his beautiful lips around Sherlock's length, and sucks like he was born for it. Sherlock shudders, his trousers are suddenly too tight and stifling in the room.
By the time everything is arranged, it's nearing two in the morning. He drags his hapless guard along and borrows one of the disguised cars, a cab that is a leftover from the Jefferson Hope case from a few months ago. Sherlock had been rather fond of that one, the man had killed over eight people before succumbing to his brain aneurism. He disguises the guard appropriately, and they're off to collect John.
John nearly stopped her. The words were on his tongue. By the look on her face, she wanted to be reminded of why they were both standing on ugly carpeting only two steps apart from one another. Why the house had framed
John wonders what he could possibly be afraid of in this situation, until Sherlock moves to undo his belt. Anxiety sparks through him all over again. Should he be doing this? Is this really happening? How far is too far? But Jim notices, and trails a soothing hand up and down John's spine.
Well, that proved John’s suspicion of permanent departure wrong. He was glad of that. Even if, much to his chagrin, he wasn’t sure why anymore.
John was on the floor, arms wrapped around his head and neck to prevent any cranial injury. He was curled up in the fetal position, but his legs were doing a poor job of protecting his ribcage. Kicks and stomps pummeled his body like heavy hail. Sherlock couldn’t hear if John was yelling or grunting in pain.
John’s not quite sure if the sounds he’s making are from pleasure or from laughter, but they both make him breathy and cause him to fruitlessly shift and squirm. Sherlock tilts his head thoughtfully, looking at John slowly coming undone under his hands.
"Ah, good," Sherlock says, to himself, but loud enough for the man to hear him, "you don't have any diseases. Means I don't have to wear the goggles." He puts down the clipboard and dons thick scrubs, and full length blue latex gloves. He hates the outfit, but he hates bloodstains on expensive shirts even more. He could've changed, but one of Jim's lessons is that the first step of torture is to set the mood. Give off enough terrifying atmosphere, and the weak ones will already start confessing.
He stops himself from finishing that sentence. Not because it will land him in some creative torture, but because he’s just had an epiphany, and a grin spreads across his face.
And the rest of his voice was drowned out with guttural sounds when Sherlock kept parting him deep inside.
