Doctor Watson flips through the pages. At first Tristram thinks he's just checking to see how long the chapter is, but then he takes his arm off Tristram's shoulder and closes the book. "No," Doctor Watson says, "we're going to skip the next chapter. I'll tell you what happens, but I'm not going to read it."
That got John's attention. He stopped dishing up the food and looked at Sherlock earnestly. "Sherlock," he said in that firm, low voice that meant he was not going to accept any arguments. "You did not botch being my best man. You were you, and you were perfect. I wouldn't have wanted it any other way."
Sherlock looked up from his computer. He was working on a spreadsheet of the moss samples from their latest case. He was going to tell John to go ahead, but something about the way John was standing there reminded him of another night.
The rest of the tale occurred very much as outlined in print. When we discovered that Baron Gruner was planning to leave the country, I was sent in to distract him with a ruse while Holmes and Kitty Winter filched the damning book.
"But Mary and Joseph got married and kissed, and we're all pretending to be Mary and Joseph, so we're supposed to," Preeti insisted.
Then Doctor Watson takes a sharp breath, breaking the silence, and turns back to the computer to type his response. He types slowly, much slower than Father, and Father leans forward with his elbows on his knees and his fingers pressed together in front of his mouth, watching the screen. He sits there even after Doctor Watson stops typing, so he must be thinking. Then he blinks as if returning from his mind palace, reaches forward, and enters his answer. He hasn't even finished typing before Doctor Watson's expression changes to look like a struggle between smiling and remaining stern.
"Oh God. Mendacious?" John spluttered. "You are the only person alive today who would actually come out and use that word in casual conversation. And no. I mean yes, to some of it anyway, but that's not what I was going to say. I think you-" He emphasised his point by jabbing a finger in Sherlock's direction. "-are frightened."
"What? Nothing, I..." He licked his lips, buying time, not moving but not taking his eyes off Sherlock for a second.
"I'll quit," Sherlock said, closing the gap again, and he would, he'd flush every last one of his cigarettes at the next opportunity, because he didn't want John ever to hesitate or be put off, but just now there was no way he was going to remove his mouth from John's, at least not for a good, long while. They kissed until they were both breathless, their chests heaving against each other, and Sherlock felt John's hard length bumping against his through his pyjama bottoms and John's pants.
He had his eyes tightly shut, his lower lip firmly between his teeth, grunting with every slap of his testicles against her arse, and then she felt the spill inside her, the bloom of heat and the additional slipperiness as he spiraled down, continuing to move back and forth in ever lazier rocking motions.
John smiled, but there was a wince at the end. "There is literally nothing in the world I want to do more than that, but I think we should take it slow. It's been - I mean, Christ, you have no idea how long I wanted to do that-" John nudged his chin toward the park.
"Clearly he wasn't alone if you went to see him." He knows he's not making things any better for himself by saying things like that, but he can't help it. Why does Molly get to be the one John lets in? And then to bring it up like it's Sherlock's fault.
"I know," John repeated, rocking Sherlock in his arms and finding his lips again. He did, he knew. The desperation. The feeling of being home at last after a journey that had lasted a lifetime.
"You could leave him a note," Tristram suggests. He puts the phone into his pocket. The weight there is comforting.
"You too!" She darts over to him and squeezes him with her puffy arms, and then she and her father are gone.
Emily turns the book round so they can see the cover, holding her finger in between the pages so they don't lose their place. As Tristram said, there is clearly a picture of Harry, on a broomstick, competing in one of the Triwizard Tournament tasks.
He kissed John again, more firmly, finding his footing so to speak - it had been years since he'd done this, after all - and he discovered he'd been wrong: he hadn't known John would taste like this, like the champagne from the reception over traces of toothpaste - must have brushed his teeth just before leaving his flat: had he anticipated (hoped for) this? - but most of all like laughter and secrets and promises made in the dark.
"You haven't," Tristram can't help but point out. He doesn't want to contradict his father, but it seems a truly egregious oversight. "You've had me."
John slowly sat up. He was expected back at the surgery that morning. Just as he shifted his weight to put one foot onto the cold floor, a groggy, questioning sound came from the vicinity of Sherlock's pillow.
"Why six months? You can move in tomorrow," Sherlock said in a rush, before John could change his mind. "Today, we can-"
Lestrade relaxed and folded his hands over his stomach. "Says the man who arrived with a diagnosis of emotionally unstable personality disorder on his record."
"Christ, Sherlock, you can't-" John tries to look at Sherlock while keeping one eye on the road. "Let's get something straight right now. If this is going to work, and I mean any- and everything you think I mean, you cannot leave me out of the loop. I have to be able to trust you."
"They have different plugs and sockets here," Father says as his eyes skim along the baseboard. He finds what he's looking for in the corner by the window. "Here, you see?" He bends down and points at the wall socket.
"It's not arrogance, it's intelligence. If you'd thought it through, you would have seen the same issues I did."
John raised his eyebrows. That he could relate to. "Oh yeah. I usually pop round to the pub, me." Which didn't sound like that bad an idea at the moment.
What about John? If Lestrade -- Greg -- and all the others were his friends, then what was John? Yes, he had all of those qualities and provided Sherlock with all of those things too. But there was more to it than that. It was impossible to quantify or describe, but Sherlock felt things in relation to John that bypassed any sense of mere gratitude or loyalty. His presence alone, his existence, his very John-ness, was a source of pleasure and satisfaction. A condition and presence to be striven toward, that filled all the nooks and crannies in Sherlock's soul even in the physical absence of its originator. John was simply John. His Something.
Although he can't be completely certain of that, either. Not really. He knows, in the back of his mind - a thought that he never, never lets himself think to its completion - that there might be a time when his father doesn't come back, when he's not okay. He knows, back there in that secret place, that's why Uncle Mycroft insisted that he play a role in Tristram's life, and why his father agreed to it, even though he would have liked nothing more than to cut his brother off completely. (Tristram never has understood why his father hates Uncle Mycroft so much.)
"I'll have a look," Sherlock said, trying to sound curt, as he slipped the paper into his coat. He fancied he could feel the residual warmth from it having been in John's pocket. The notion made a sharp and entirely unwelcome sort of longing flare up somewhere behind his ribs.
"The hell it is," John says fiercely. "No, now stop it. You do not get to do this. Not anymore. You do not get to decide for me what I'm meant to feel, and who I'm meant to feel it for." John grabs Sherlock's hand and holds it hard. "You and me. This. This is what we have. This is it. I don't care if you don't want-" He hesitates, but throws caution to the wind and forges on. "-sex, or the picket fence, or even to be a part of raising my child. You can go on being married to your work, and I'll be your bit on the side. But you are not going to crawl back into your shell and try to tell me or anyone else, least of all yourself, that this isn't important to you. It is, and it is to me, and we're in it together."
Sherlock glanced at John's chair. The glass was empty on the floor next to it. Sherlock hadn't thought up tonight's test yet. Then John, brilliant John, thought it up for him.
"Um. Sorry?" John was having trouble thinking anything beyond 'I am lying half-naked in bed next to Sherlock Holmes, who is also half-naked'. Which wasn't helping his erection situation. After a moment, though, one thought emerged from the maelstrom of disbelief and fist-pumping triumph: "Wait, were you watching me sleep?"
There aren't any in the house at the moment, but to Tristram's surprise and delight, Father sets up his microscope on the kitchen table and gets out a box of empty slides. Tristram's allowed to use Father's microscope whenever he wants, of course, as long as Father isn't using it, but today, Father doesn't just get the equipment out and leave them to it. He helps them mount samples of their hair, saliva, snot (Emily's idea), epithelial cells from the inside of their cheeks, even blood from finger pricks, and view them at various magnifications. Tristram has the idea to get out a notebook and write everything down, noting the differences between their samples, and Emily makes some quite decent drawings to illustrate the notes.
Sherlock stood up at that, his entire body telegraphing his displeasure, pushing in between John and Mycroft. John had the same gut reaction at Mycroft calling them out like that, trying to turn the honest sign of affection and support into something childish. Nonetheless, he put his hand on Sherlock's upper arm to stay what he suspected was going to turn into a physical altercation. They were in a hospital, after all, and tempers and emotions were running high all round after that afternoon. Sherlock held back, although he didn't shake John off.
"Just lucky, I guess," Sherlock says in answer to John's question. His expression is wry but also somewhat guarded, as if he's not sure whether that's the right response or not.
"We'll know shortly." His father finishes his text and sends it, then stands and walks to the door, buttoning his shirt as he goes. "Come and show me, Tristram," he says.
"Sherlock! How kind of you to drop in." Mycroft came around his pretentiously large desk to greet them. "And you've brought the family, how lovely. Dr Watson, I presume?" He shook John's hand. The sight of John's hand in Mycroft's was disturbing.
The point being, however, that Irene really can't be all bad. She's certainly not done anything particularly egregious so far, as far as Tristram's seen. Yet John persists in behaving much the same toward her as Father does toward Uncle Mycroft.
But John didn't seem to think anything of it, reaching up to kiss Sherlock, just a flutter of lips and yet terribly intimate, while saying, "I thought next time you could... You know, if you wanted. I quite like it the other way round too." He took out a condom from the box and tore open the wrapper with studied casualness.
Sherlock had been worried John would make fun of him, of this. That's why he hadn't told him what they were doing. He never talked about things that were truly important to him and yet: he'd brought John here, and he'd done nothing but talk about the ship and its stories. His stories. This was his ghost story. The thing he was perhaps most scared of: exposing his heart, making it vulnerable. His foot touching John's under the covers. In a way, this was even more daring. His move.
Sherlock cast about for what he was going to test John with this time. He didn't have anything in mind yet. He had to wait until John had finished the drink anyway, and then wait again until he started showing the effects.
"And that this is just as important as my first go-round. More important, in fact. I would have rented out St. Paul's if I could afford it."
witty and clever. And even with everything, she's..." He shakes his head. "I don't believe she's a bad person. But she's not... When I finally had everything I thought I wanted — a lovely wife, a solid position, the respect of my peers — it was like getting to the end of the rainbow and finding the pot of gold, only it turned out what I really needed was cash if I wanted to buy anything." He lifts his glass and takes a deep draught.
Doctor Watson must also hear him, or perhaps he saw where Tristram was looking. He turns around, lowering the pillows. "What's wrong?" he asks, immediately on alert.
It suddenly occurs to Tristram that he's done exactly the same thing with Emily and Doctor Watson, that weekend when the Watsons stayed at their flat. "Like your dad did with us?" Tristram asks cautiously. She makes an agreeing sound, as if it was only natural.
John's hand stops moving. "You're not trying to scare me off, are you?" The question is posed teasingly, and Sherlock chuckles.
But Doctor Watson just takes the mug and says, "Good job," then hands Tristram the other one. He still has his arm around Tristram. Tristram doesn't move away either while he swishes the clean water around in his mouth, then swallows that too. It helps a bit.
"Well," Watson said gruffly into his mustache, scuffing self-consciously at the grit under his boots. I became aware that we had been standing in silence for upwards of a minute. "That's enough of that, I should think. Shall we?" He leaned away as if to uncouple himself but I was not ready to yield. I would never be ready to yield.
Sherlock looked at the screen. It showed the page he'd been working on earlier, trying to access John's bank account. He'd left it open, meaning to come back to it.
"This is all right for you, isn't it? Going to the wedding? Me being the best man?" Sherlock wasn't sure if that was the right question, if that was even close to the core of the problem. But it was the only starting point he had.
If they were at Tristram's house, they could use actual flies. There are always a few dead ones lying on the window sills. But Uncle Mycroft has a cleaner. Still, Tristram has an idea. He picks up the bar of soap and scrapes some off with his nails.
Tristram also hasn't been allowed to go out of the house... although 'allowed' is perhaps the wrong word to use. Irene hasn't gone out either, and maybe that's only to do with the miserable weather. There was food in the kitchen when they got here, and other supplies, but if they stay much longer they'll eventually need to go out. There are no other houses visible from any of the windows. Just moors and, in the distance to the north, what looks like a forest. The road that brought them here must lead somewhere, though. All Tristram would need to do is keep walking. He'd come across someone who might help him eventually. If he didn't get shot first. So he hasn't tried yet.
"Yes," he says. His voice comes out too low and he has to clear his throat before continuing. "What you said. What you want. That's what I want too."
Emily turns her head on her pillow to smile at him. The light coming from the open bedroom door is plenty to illuminate her features. "She was nice," she says. "She laughed a lot. She had blonde hair and blue eyes. I'll show you a picture the next time you come over."
He cracks his eyes open, and then he knows what the problem is. The room is bathed in weak morning light. Someone has opened the curtains. And that someone - Emily - is standing in front of the window, looking out at the wintry landscape.
As Tristram hands his own coat to Emily's father (he's too short to reach the hooks), he hears Emily's Aunt Harry say to his father in a low voice, "I just want you to know how incredibly grateful we all are to you, Sherlock. Not just for what you did last week, but for all of your help in uncovering what happened. I don't - Well, let's just say it's helped us all to find some closure."
Tristram's father walks around to the other side and flops down onto the front passenger seat. Doctor Watson gets in, makes sure that Tristram and Emily are buckled in with the blankets over them, and tells them to make themselves as comfortable as they can and try to sleep. He then takes a couple of minutes adjusting the driver's seat and headrest and the mirrors.
John let his leg relax so that it was resting against Sherlock's. "Not even for my godchild's christening?"
Tristram feels a burst of pride, because that's one of the things Doctor Watson said to his father when he was telling them about some of the cases he'd solved. Only he'd said it softer, and it sounded like it meant more than just the words. Now, he says it in a jolly way, and it means exactly that: Tristram has done something amazing. Tristram can't stop grinning. He can't wait until his father comes so he can tell him.
"If I were unhappy with the arrangement, I could have brought your old bed down from the attic," Sherlock pointed out.
"This is um..." Doctor Watson clears his throat. "That's sort of what I'm talking about. Tris?" He squeezes Tristram's arm, just a little. "You're an amazing kid. You're an amazing
John grimaces a bit. "Not exactly like that. But do you remember, back when we first met, I had a problem with my leg?"
"It will go over excellently," Sherlock said crisply, "as I am the best dancer here and I will make even you, in your inebriated state, look like Fred Astaire."
A bubble of rebellion swelled in Sherlock. No matter how their relationship might have changed, that didn't give John the right to speak for him. "You don't get to dictate how I spend my time."
Tristram looks at them. Doctor Watson has Father pinned and has just smashed a handful of snow into his hair. "Yeah, he is," Tristram agrees happily. It doesn't matter. Nothing matters. They're here together, he and Emily and Father and Doctor Watson, somewhere in the clouds in the middle of a foreign country, cold and wet and having absolutely the most brilliant time of their lives. He's having so much fun watching them he doesn't realise at first that someone else is standing next to him, until the person speaks.
"They understand more than you think. Especially Tris. He's you, Sherlock. Would you have understood when you were his age? How much did you pick up on that the adults around you didn't want you to know?"
"Did he ever text back?" Tristram asks. He can see the faint glow of John's phone in his hand as he turns it on.
"You..." It takes a few seconds, but then John's face expands into a slow smile. "Of course you did. And they're all on there. Moriarty would have made sure of it to keep them under his thumb. What are you going to do with it?"
Lestrade laughed, a bitter sound. "Yeah. Yeah, you're right. You did. This one's on me, then. Because it's never your fault, is it? It's everyone else's fault for trusting you. For seeing something good in you. Well, that's the end of it now. I can't cover you this time, Sherlock. No one can. You either, John. You're both out. And the play is cancelled, obviously. Consider this your two weeks' notice. As to the police... no idea. I think there'll be some people out there who'll want to talk to you, at least. But I'm officially done. I wash my hands of you." He went to the door but deflated a bit and paused before opening it. "For what it's worth, though," he said, standing with his back to them, "I'm sorry." Still shaking his head, Lestrade left with Molly trailing after him, her head bowed.
"John, it's all right, you don't need to-" Sherlock tried to interrupt before both of them became even more uncomfortable. It really was fine. Sherlock didn't care one whit about what or whom John had done in the past. He certainly had his own share of ill-thought incidents that he'd undo if he could.
Sherlock reached down and clicked open the browser. With any luck he still had the pertinent bookmarks stored somewhere.
That's not the reason John didn't come with him, though, even if it's coincidentally true. Sherlock doesn't particularly want to have to explain that he texted John — even went so far as to ring him to invite him along — only to have his call shunted to voice mail and his text go unanswered. He's not worried something might have happened to John, though. Sherlock sent the text and made the call from a cafe just down the street from the clinic, where he'd followed John that morning. He waited half an hour in case John was stuck with a patient before setting off to meet Lestrade without him.
Tristram crouches down next to him. He tries to make a snowball with his one usable hand, but the best he can do is a misshapen lump about the size of a walnut. Beside him, Father works quickly and soon there are about a dozen snowballs piled up. Father stands up with one of the snowballs and lobs it at Doctor Watson and Emily, who look like they are making their own stockpile. Emily shrieks and covers her head with her arms, but Doctor Watson calmly watches Father's snowball sail past and land somewhere behind them.
Of course, John thought. That figured. He'd thought Sherlock had been awfully quick to accept the invitation, especially for more than the single afternoon that would have been sufficient to discharge the obligatory Christmas visit with family. The car had seemed an unnecessary expense as well, but if they were on an expense account and needed a quick means of getting around, it made more sense.
Tristram is still grappling with 'she wants to meet you'. Still processing that that means his mother is a real, three-dimensional person who exists outside of the dark, hunched-over figure labelled 'mother' winking out of the spotlight. But now he has an actual face and body to map onto that image: the woman in the beige-coloured dress. The one Doctor Watson grabbed and dragged away from their table. The one who stared and stared at Tristram.
"Ohhh," John says, long and drawn-out, and it almost turns into a laugh at the end. "Of course. You made a deal. You're working with him, Sherlock said you were. So, what, if I hadn't come back you would have-" John presses his lips together and doesn't finish the sentence.
. His father didn't say anything negative when he found out Tristram was reading it; in fact, he seemed mildly interested. But Tristram knows that he generally looks down on non-factual narratives, especially those that centre on acts that defy the laws of physics, so he still feels slightly self-conscious about reading it when his father's around. He doesn't want Father to think he's wasting his time when he could be doing something more productive. Father never reads anything purely for fun, as far as Tristram knows. The only things he reads that aren't related to a current case are things he thinks might be useful on a future one. Who knows? Maybe Harry Potter will turn out to be useful some day.
John frowned a bit at that. Made a disgruntled sound which, on second thought, might actually have been a burp. Ate a few bites before speaking again. "Anyway, he said something about meeting with the vicar to discuss the ceremony. You'll need to be there for that.
Sherlock smiled though, a genuine, warm smile, and he didn't mean to, but his eyes slid over and met John's, and he was startled to see his sentiment returned. Sentiment. Sherlock's heart sank, or maybe his stomach lifted. Something inside him squeezed in a pleasant/unpleasant way, at any rate. His resolution; what had happened to his resolution? Somehow it didn't seem important any more.
On the other hand, no it wasn't. He was probably sitting in his soundproofed, climate-controlled, perfectly decorated office, laughing into his fist at the mess Sherlock was making of things. He wouldn't lift a finger until Sherlock came to him. And it was looking more and more like that was the only option left. Not that he would help, even if Sherlock did go crawling to him, and not just because Mycroft was spiteful and mean.
"The word is 'height'," Sherlock corrected him, but he sat down, if gracelessly, beside John. At least sitting down wasn't moving toward the door to leave.
Tristram pads back out of the bathroom. Outside the closed bedroom door, he pauses. He knows he's supposed to knock. He can't hear anything now. He leans closer, turning his head sideways so his ear is facing the door. Not touching the door, just turned towards it. He still can't hear anything. Maybe they are asleep after all. It could probably wait until tomorrow. On the other hand, Doctor Watson and Father both told him it was okay to come get them if he were sick. He's not exactly sick, but it would be unfortunate if the scratch got worse or turned into an infection overnight. He lifts his left hand and knocks, once. It doesn't come out very loud. He doesn't want to wake Emily, but even more than that he doesn't want to walk in on something like the last time. He knocks again more firmly, three times.
I brought the collar to Holmes and stood before his chair, holding both hands before me with the collar draped across them.
"Greg, this was not Sherlock's fault," John said, low and firm. "I take full responsibility. If anyone's leaving, it will be me."
Sherlock experienced a numb, plummeting sensation. John hadn't... Good God, he had. Sherlock stepped back out into the hall before he did something stupid himself. John Watson had written him a bloody love song. And was going to put it on before the entire school. And - Mycroft willing - the world. Sherlock didn't know whether to laugh or set fire to the school in the hopes of obliterating all traces that such a thing as that song had ever existed. Sherlock leaned back against the wall and huffed something at the ceiling. Laughter it was then. The arson would have been a bit difficult to explain away.
"What job is that?" I asked. She and the other couple had disappeared in the time we had been making our acquaintance.
Sherlock had finished all of the cigarettes and moved Gladstone two more times before John finally turned up (hadn't been to a pub or out walking; Stamford's?). He had a takeout bag in his hand (staying in, doesn't feel like cooking but still has an appetite). It was dark now, and even with the street lighting Sherlock wasn't close enough to see his face in detail, but judging from the way he was moving, he was tired but not angry. Maybe he was more amenable.
Sherlock gives John a signal, and he reaches into one of his jacket pockets to take out a memory stick, which he drops into Moriarty's hand. Before John can pull back, however, Moriarty snatches at his hand. John tries to jerk away, but Moriarty holds on tight, catching his eye. John glares back, obviously making a concerted effort not to employ any greater physical force.
"We will, by and by. We have some business here first," Watson replied. I peered out the window. I hadn't paid attention when Watson instructed the driver on our destination, assuming it to be Hampstead as he had announced at breakfast. There wasn't anything down this way aside from Highgate Cemetery. The hack drew his horses to a stop in front of the very gates. Watson stepped down and went to pay him.
He's not in any danger of being hurt further, so there's no need to go anywhere else. He does need to find out where the blood is coming from, though. Tristram checks his hand at the bottom end of the cast, but there's no blood there, which is at least something. He takes some toilet paper and wipes his arm until he can see where the blood's coming from. He has a scratch or a cut right inside the cast, and he can feel now that there's a sharp edge there. That must have been what was irritating him all day. And either his constant scratching and rubbing or the exposed edge itself broke the skin. Tristram already feels calmer; more in control. It's good to have a plan to follow.
Tristram frowns at that. How could Doctor Watson have known she was Tristram's mother? Tristram didn't even know.
Sherlock couldn't possibly muster a single fuck about the swallowing thing, as John calls it. He feels like the air's been slammed out of his lungs. Or perhaps it's been diverted downward, as he fills out in John's mouth. The sensation of warmth lessens as his own heat increases, being overtaken by wet slickness, and Sherlock has to look.
Tristram doesn't think that's entirely accurate, as he certainly didn't have a hand in the planning of whatever is going on at all. But he does like the idea of him and Father doing something special. He suspects it has something to do with the woman from breakfast, but that might be exciting as well. Like escaping from the hospital.
Sherlock's reponse was to insert his tongue between her lips without preamble and seek out all the places John had been. It wasn't a kiss. It was more like a thorough cleansing, making sure that he'd found every trace and secured them. God, but he had it bad. She hadn't been entirely certain until this moment.
"No, you-" Doctor Watson shakes his head, then continues more gently, "It's all right, Tris. I'm not upset. I suppose Emily told you I was iffy about it. But I trust your judgment. Chapter three, you say?"
By the end of the evening, Greg was, to put it delicately, sloshed. Sherlock discharged his duty as a best man by expertly forging G. Lestrade's signature on the credit card authorisation. John called two cabs, and between the two of them, they managed to stuff Greg and three of the other partygoers into one car, then dropped into the back seat of the other one.
John's breathing shifted. Muscles flickering into motion in his face. His mouth closing. A grimace. A sound in his throat. Swallowing. Attempting to, at least. Another grimace. Sherlock held his breath. He might settle again.
John dashes forward to put himself between her and the windows. "Hold on, that's it?" he practically screeches. "You're leaving us here with a..." He lowers his voice. "With a dead body to deal with... and what about Tristram?"
"Sherlock!" John scolds, reaching over to shake Greg's hand. "Nice to see you. Although it is quite a surprise."
As he passes the old stable, he sees a little flash of light in one of the windows. He keeps his eye on the spot, but it disappears almost immediately. He looks around but doesn't see anything obvious that might have caused a reflection. The sun isn't up nearly high enough yet, even if there weren't so much mist.
She smiles at him. This time it's a real one. "Sure." She sets Tristram's phone on the table, and in return plucks the envelope up. She taps it once against the plastic lid that's still covering the plate. "Any messages from you I can pass on?" she asks Father innocently.
To tell the truth, John didn't normally drink that much. Once, maybe twice a week, tops. But as soon as he realised what Sherlock's M.O. was, he found excuses to go to the pub three, four, even five times a week just so he could come home afterwards and spend the evening with Sherlock. His friends must have thought he was turning into a lush. He even resorted to chatting up random women when he couldn't find anyone he knew who was willing to go a round with him. He wasn't quite pathetic enough to go drinking entirely alone.
"I do wish you'd listen to reason on the wisdom of all four of you travelling together," Uncle Mycroft says. "You might as well not bother with false identities at all."
On the other hand, everything is different now. Maybe, now, Sherlock's hand over John's would be acceptable. He lays the picture he's still holding back in the folder on John's lap. Then, as he pulls his hand back, he lets his fingers brush the back of John's hand and pauses there. John doesn't flinch away. Sherlock slowly lowers his hand until it covers John's completely. He hardly dares to breathe.
It only worked on nights when there was a full moon. Except that time when it had been two days past full, and that other time when it had really already been a waning crescent. All right, honestly, Sherlock wasn't quite sure what the phases of the moon had to do with it, but that's what experiments were for. Because it definitely didn't work all the time.
John looks down at Sherlock. "She told me Mycroft made her leave." There's a question in there somewhere.
"Most likely, but if so, Mycroft should have him drawn and quartered for being so stupid as to give away his position for a nicotine fix."
"Then I am to be... That is, you are to be..." I blustered, not quite sure why the idea disconcerted me as much as it did. Two gentlemen of opposing gender might easily attend a club together without being more than superficially acquainted. For surely he intended nothing further.
"What do you mean?" Father asks. There's something breathless and expectant about the way he says it.
Sherlock moved around the kitchen island, taking slow steps toward John, made sure to keep his hands visible and maintained eye contact.
"Mr Holmes, I'm John Watson." The man smiled and switched the cane to his other hand in order to shake Sherlock's hand - right-handed shooter - without adjusting his stance. His previous assessment screeched to a blinding halt and did a whiplash-inducing about-face. Sherlock felt a tingle of excitement and rapidly re-evaluated the input thus far received. A good series of deductions should set things off to a promising start.
John chuckled. "Yeah, you're right. I just thought of it because of that clown you've got standing over there in the corner. It's kind of freaking me out the way it's leering at us."
"It wouldn't take much. Just a few adjustments to the rhythm. We don't have to use it if you don't..." John lowered his hand, glanced at Sherlock's face and away again almost immediately. He folded the paper up again. "Never mind. You're right, it's fine the way it is. We don't have time for a new-"
Tristram's letter back to her is on the table now, waiting for Uncle Mycroft's assistant to come pick it up. Mrs Hudson's been to visit every day. She brought along a deck of cards the first day, but it's pretty much impossible for him to play anything with just one hand, so they usually just talk a bit and watch one of her soaps.
"You were trying to push him out of the way." It's a moment of realisation, but Father doesn't seem very surprised. Perhaps he suspected it.
"A bit." John sighed. "But I understand the sentiment behind it. Thank you. I actually had a similar idea. Sent out a few applications. Even had an interview last week." He handed the phone back to Sherlock.
All of a sudden, Sherlock wanted this evening to go well, even if he had absolutely no idea how to accomplish it. There was a bit of an awkward moment as they both reached for the door, complicated by Gladstone lurching forward at the smell of food. In the end, John held the door so that Sherlock could steer Gladstone inside.
"Tell me your theories later, Sherlock," Doctor Watson snaps as he sets his case on the low table next to the couch and opens the latches. "I need to know about Tris! Any shortness of breath, loss of consciousness, cramping, numbness or tingling-"
"Right, no," Watson said in a soft voice, "only I thought we were supposed to be doing a play." He had his hands clasped, his elbows resting on his knees, and his face was tilted expectantly up toward Sherlock.
"Victor." A nod. "I go by Sherlock now." He was rather pleased with the way his voice came out: steady, firm, cool. Victor's confidence returning, his hands moving away after one final reassuring squeeze. Sherlock only now noticed the wedding ring. (Married to a woman, no children.) Sherlock's desire to be quit of the place increased exponentially. Fewer explanations would be required if he stayed, though. Fewer questions from John.
"Wait," Father says. Tristram has his eyes closed, but he can hear that Father doesn't go far. He's back within moments, wiping Tristram's mouth with what feels like towel.
Sherlock handed Gladstone's lead to John and ducked into the shop. He hadn't had a chance to observe John's beer-drinking habits, so he chose a mid-priced brand that seemed to be popular, given the location and volume of the shelf space dedicated to it. On his way to the cashier, he passed another display and hesitated. It was probably more than a bit optimistic. John might consider it presumptuous. He'd only said they would talk. Or was that a euphemism? Sherlock grabbed the smallest package on offer and stowed it deep in his roomy coat pocket as soon as he'd paid. If nothing else, he could come up with an interesting experiment or two. He'd need something to occupy his time, after all, if John left for good.
Tristram reads the next sentence: "'This planet is surrounded by orbiting particles that look like rings'," and then they have a little discussion about whether that's Jupiter or Saturn, during which Doctor Watson has to look up the planets on Wikipedia and finds out that, yes, Jupiter also has rings, which he says he didn't know, and so do Uranus and Pluto, which Tristram didn't know. But then Tristram notices the next sentence, 'This planet is home to a storm called The Great Red Spot that's bigger than the earth,' which must be Jupiter, and settles the question.
He makes an annoyed sound, but unhooks the jacket. "If you installed a coat rack at an appropriate height, that wouldn't happen." At their flat, Tristram has his own row of hooks that he can easily reach.
They made it back to Sherlock's parents' house just after nine the next morning. Mycroft was as good as his word, staying at the house overnight and returning to the hospital with his mother first thing. Mr Holmes was awake by then too, alert and responsive, and they'd all been able to visit with him briefly before the nurse came in to take his vitals and change the dressing on the insertion site. Mycroft had then had his driver drop John and Sherlock off before continuing on to London. Mr Holmes would be in hospital until at least the following day, and they intended to stay until he was home, maybe even a day or two longer if no interesting cases turned up.
"No, Sherlock, this operation is already bigger than one man can handle, regardless of his physical condition, or how well-trained he is, and I'm not exactly the best specimen on either count."
When they leave the museum, John reaches up and breaks off two of the big icicles from the roof and hands them to Tristram and Emily. Emily promptly licks hers like a giant ice-lolly. Tristram's first thoughts are of all the experiments he could do. He could cut cross-sections to look at under the microscope, or maybe put it in the freezer and see if it grows. He could cut it into sections of equal weight and see how long it takes each piece to melt in different places: one up in his room, one on the windowsill in the kitchen, one ... and then he remembers that they're in Switzerland and he doesn't have access to a microscope or a freezer or any of the rooms in their flat. He's not that set on doing an experiment anyway. Not when there are toboggans and ice restaurants and marching games with Emily and Father and John.
Sherlock didn't try to contact John again. He destroyed the paper cup (shredded, dissolved in sulfuric acid, then burned the residue) he'd kept from when they shared the tea at Speedy's. He deleted the list of clinics and wished he could delete the image of John silhouetted against the bathroom light when he came, naked, to Sherlock's bed. In fact, it was so bad he had to sleep on the couch. Which, in the event, turned out not to involve sleeping as much as trying not to think about John hovering over him right there, asking to take him to bed.
He's slightly surprised that Emily's able to predict Father's behaviour so well, though, and even more surprised that she's sticking up for him against her own father. Father and Emily haven't really interacted much; not as much as Tristram and John have, anyway. At least Tristram doesn't think so. Aside from that one time when Emily went down to get Father to read to them back at their flat - and she was only alone with him a couple of minutes that time - Tristram can't think of any other opportunities they might have had to have any sort of meaningful conversation outside of Tristram's earshot. But even so, she seems to have Father figured out fairly well; and for the first time, Tristram suspects maybe Father is important to Emily too, the same way John's become important to Tristram.
Her face is pale, devoid of makeup. Her thin blonde hair is scraped back, making the angles of her face more prominent. Her eyes are shadowed and sunken. He presumes this is an artifice on her part, an attempt to make him feel sorry for her. Feel something for her, at any rate, so that he'll do what she wants. Which is, apparently, to do something for John. As if he needed her urging to act.
Doctor Watson darts over to the couch and gives Emily a quick squeeze and a kiss on the cheek. "I'm just going to the hospital. I'll pop up and check on you when I get home, but you'd better be in bed." Tristram can tell he means it, but he doesn't say it in a threatening way. More like a comforting promise. Then, although he hesitates a moment, he smiles and hugs Tristram too. "Bye, Tris."
There's his soil experiment, for one, which he hasn't done any work on all week; mostly, though, he wants to read on in
"Well of course they did, who else are they going to call? And you should know by now I'm not one to judge. You go on and help him. He thinks better with you there, and afterwards you can go to a nice restaurant or have a night in. Just bring her down along with her PJ's and nappies and whatever she needs. Better bring that pop-up cot thingy too and I'll keep her with me overnight. She does sleep through the night by now, doesn't she?" All good deeds aside, Martha wasn't about to get up and prepare a bottle at 3 a.m. But she hadn't heard the baby crying at night for many months now, which was why she was prepared to offer in the first place.
"A distilled rice beverage." Sherlock reached up into a cupboard to take out a green bottle with Korean writing on the label. He handed it to John. His dry cleaner had given him several bottles after he'd been able to prove that the jade hairpin the man was accused of stealing out of an article of clothing had never left its owner's possession.
John waited for him, and when Sherlock was even with John, stepped into his path, leaned forward over the boxes they were both holding, and kissed him. "Our bedroom," he said, smiling, his face resting against Sherlock's.
Father stands carefully to one side of Tristram's window and holds the edge of the curtain back so he can look past it.
He kneels down, still holding Emily. She twists around to see. Tristram hesitates, but shuffles forward until he's standing right next to the two of them. Doctor Watson's eyes are sad, but he's smiling. He puts one hand on Tristram's arm and squeezes it gently.
Sherlock flops down on his back on the bed and holds a baggie containing what looks like dirt up to the light. "They swear it wasn't one of them. None of them were on that side of the house at the time."
Sherlock drapes his coat over a chair, but not before removing a small plastic bag with a chemist's logo on it. "Fine." He walks past John into the bathroom, taking the bag with him, and closes the door.
"Looks pretty good," Doctor Watson says. "I'm just a little concerned about this here." He presses carefully on a spot along Tristram's left shoulder blade. Judging by the picture on the phone, it's one of the three that needed stitches. There's a little burst of pain at Doctor Watson's touch. Dull, though, not sharp like when the glass was in there. "Does that hurt?" Doctor Watson asks.
"Not if I can help it." He didn't even eat breakfast. Sherlock's train of thought was derailed by the revelation. The news was already out. Lestrade must have been very busy last night. Moriarty would be frantically trying to pull in confirmations or denials. Sherlock took a small degree of pleasure in the thought of him wasting his morning.
For a while, the silence is broken only by faint laughter wafting in from the nurse's station down the hall. Then, as if he's suddenly awakened from a trance, John inhales sharply. He withdraws his hand from Sherlock's and stands up. "I'll erm..." he says in a low voice, standing with his back to Sherlock. "I'd better be going."
Her face lights up when she sees him, but she puts her finger against her lips to signal that Tristram should be quiet before she tiptoes over and slips out into the hall with him.
While he's standing there on the threshold between the kitchen and the living room, his father speaks: "I'm awake. I'm thinking. I won't be going out again tonight."
Sherlock obliged by wrapping one leg around John's to hold him in place, and started slowly moving against him. He nudged his face in close to John's so that his lips were just barely ghosting over John's mouth. John's breath was coming in shallow puffs that quickly aligned with the rhythm of Sherlock's movements. Sherlock could taste a hint of the yeasty alcohol from earlier on John's breath, and he thought quite possibly he might develop a taste for beer after this.
"Mm." It appeared John was similarly afflicted. He had closed his eyes and folded his arms, leaning his head against the corner of the window.
"Sure, why don't you have a look while Tris and I go check his back," Doctor Watson says. He takes down the remote control from its holder on the side of the television screen and tosses it to Emily.
Doctor Watson becomes a little more alert at that too, but apparently for another reason. "Anything new?" he asks, raising his eyebrows.
"To start with: the injury to your shoulder was traumatic, likely received under hostile fire." He turned back toward Watson and conceded, "Lestrade told me you were in the army, although I can see that for myself: your haircut, the way you stand-" Sherlock made a sweeping gesture in the other man's direction. "Most people would think it was your leg that was injured, but that's purely psychosomatic: even now, you're putting weight on it and you've practically forgotten about the cane." Sherlock smirked at it, even as Watson gripped it more firmly and leaned into it.
"No," Father says. Tristram squeezes his eyes shut in case they do something stupid like start tearing up. He's not a baby. He doesn't need his father to go with him. He knows Father is right: there's absolutely nothing he could do at the hospital. He'd just get in the way and insult the doctors and there would be a big fuss, and Tristram desperately wants him to come. Which is stupid, and not going to happen. He knows that.
Instead, Sherlock hitched himself up just a few centimetres higher and braced his penis with one hand to drive downward and with sudden force into John, aiming for that elusive spot. He didn't generally make any particular effort to stimulate John's prostate. He didn't have that kind of dexterity in his penis anyway, no point in trying. Maybe he did happen to hit it sometimes during intercourse, but that was more luck than skill. It wasn't that he didn't want John to enjoy it. Not exactly. But knowing John wasn't here to get his rocks off was satisfying in a different way than mutual orgasms. Sherlock was aware some people would say it was also a bit not good. That's why John was here and they weren't.
"That's not the bloody point! You were supposed to be with me. You were my spotter, we had a plan, but you apparently-" He takes a calming breath. "Were you caught? Was there someone at the security desk?"
"If it's going to be a problem for you," Sherlock said, his clipped tone cutting right to the quick of John's daydream, "I suppose one of us could go out to the shed. There's a space heater, it should be bearable."
"I couldn't tell," Emily assures him. "How can you get your fingers to hit all the keys at the right time like that?"
"Why the hell did you call me back then?" John demands. "You knew there was nothing I could do for him, even if he was having a panic attack, which he wasn't."
It's still raining, and boring, but Mrs Hudson comes round to fuss at them and invites Tristram down to hers to play a game of Snap. Tristram told her about Exploding Snap the other day, and she exclaimed that was a real game, only without explosions, and taught it to him. Tristram's much quicker than she is, of course, so he nearly always wins, but she's a good sport and plays just as long as he likes. He's going to teach Emily the next time they get together.
"Oh? You saw Greg?" John appeared in the kitchen doorway, florid and shiny-faced from the heat of the oven and with one of Mrs Hudson's blue-flowered tea towels slung over one shoulder.
Sherlock paused, one hand on the door to the classroom, considering: accusing John of being a sycophant - denigrating his sexual prowess - or rubbing Sherlock's shortcomings in his face... One of those had primed John for the attack even before Moriarty's feint. The question was: which one?
When Tristram wakes up, he has a moment of disorientation before he recognises the green tasseled curtains over the windows, dimming the already bleary daylight even further. He can hear rain pattering against the panes. A vague memory surfaces of being carried in, more than half asleep, and being deposited in the four-poster bed by his father. He checks his watch - seven-fifteen - and sits up, expecting to see Emily, but the room - his room, the one he always stays in at Grandmother's - is otherwise empty. He has an uneasy feeling, not recalling whether Emily was brought in too; but Doctor Watson was in the car with them, and he would have made certain she was safe.
But then Sherlock drew John's hand down off his shoulder onto his chest. His breaths ragged now too. Under his ribs, John could feel Sherlock's heart pounding. Racing. Calling. Answering. Sherlock's grip was like steel and gossamer. Determined and fragile. John splayed his hand beneath Sherlock's, felt the heat of his blood, the reality of his flesh. A long moment on the precipice. Then words tumbled out as they spoke over each other:
He leads her through the living room by the light spilling out from the open bedroom door. Tristram and Emily don't stir.
"No," Doctor Watson says firmly and kneels down next to Father in front of Tristram. He puts his hand on Tristram's knee and looks Tristram in the eye. "Tris, everything's fine," he says in a calm voice.
It was obviously a lie. Or rather, it was obvious that many things had happened there, things that John didn't want to talk about. So, technically a truth.
"Hello, everybody! I'd like to welcome you to our annual Christmas bazaar at the Blackwood School. As you know, Christmas is a time for giving, a time for charity and valuing those people less fortunate than ourselves. So in that spirit, I'd like to recognise my very good friend from the Baker Street School, who will be directing their own quaint little version of the Nativity and is here to pick up some tips on just how the job is done. Mr Sherlock Holmes!" He made a grand gesture in Sherlock's direction, his expression all teeth and sharp eyes.
Tristram knows that rule already, because Father told it to him when they were at Grandmother's: he's not to open a closed door without permission unless it's an emergency. A nightmare, even a bad one, doesn't qualify as an emergency. At least not for Father. But Doctor Watson apparently has a different perspective. Tristram also knows why they have the rule. Father and Doctor Watson want privacy so they can kiss and hug, and maybe look at each other like they did in that last picture.
"Emily says you'd like it if I read a chapter of this to you," Father says. It sounds like he finds the notion foreign but not entirely unappealing, like Tristram felt the first time he ate raw fish. He hadn't been opposed to trying it, and the colors and shapes made him curious, but it had taken a bit of convincing on Uncle Mycroft's part. In the end, he'd enjoyed it very much. Tristram wishes he'd gone downstairs with Emily so he could have heard what she said.
The students were gathered around a man (ex-military, forty-ish, irregular sleep patterns) sitting at one of the tables. So this was the classroom assistant. So far, completely unremarkable. He was wiggling his fingers and appeared to be leading them in song. Sherlock started thinking of ways to make him leave of his own accord. Their enunciation was terrible and there was little resemblance to a melody, but it sounded like something about a child named Susie. Utter twaddle in any case. And the bell signalling the start of lessons had already rung.
John fell quiet. Sherlock thought he should probably apologise, but the words simply wouldn't come. After a few moments, John leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees, and asked, "Look, does that really bother you? That we changed your songs? I would never have done it if I didn't think you agreed."
Sherlock shrugged. "Happiness doesn't come into it. Are you happy about being left-handed or the fact that your parents are from Scotland?"
Tristram is startled by that statement. Is Father Doctor Watson's boyfriend? It almost seems ludicrous, and yet it must be so. They kiss and hug and want to sleep in the same room. Does that mean they're going to all live together from now on? The idea is too huge to consider.
It was, oh it was, it was the best reason, but somehow Sherlock didn't think John would see it the same way. Well, he might have thought the reason behind it was good - hopefully very good - but judging by his current reaction, he probably wouldn't think much of the way Sherlock was going about doing it. And coupled with the incident with the children – which had turned out to be an unmitigated disaster, no matter how one looked at it - Sherlock thought on the whole he was probably better off not digging himself in any deeper.
It wasn't long, however, before we both found ourselves frustrated and ill at ease. That "running around" had a tendency to whip up my blood and excite my temper, delivering me back to my homestead in a state which my dear first wife, Mary, had found pleasantly invigorating and eminently compatible with her omega biology.
As they kissed, Sherlock pressed closer and John pulled him in, until they were reclined against the angle of the sofa with Sherlock stretched awkwardly across him. Sherlock still had his suit jacket on, which annoyingly restricted his range of motion just when he had John spread out underneath him to sample at will. He left off from John's mouth for a moment to push himself up and struggle his way one-armed out of the jacket, John trying to help and then dislodging Sherlock even further so he could take off his own jacket.
John doesn't even know what he's doing there. He just had to get away. Too many reminders of what his life has become, what Mary—his wife, she's still his bloody wife for all that—has done. He can't so much as look at Sherlock anymore without seeing the spectre of him collapsing right there on the carpet, going into cardiac arrest in their fucking living r—
When he returns, Sherlock's sitting on the edge of the far side of the bed with his back to the door. His phone is now on the nightstand.
Sherlock leans back and runs his hands through his hair. "No," he agrees. "Although I'm not sure I would have taken you along anyway. The contacts I was after today are wary of strangers."
John stays right where he is as Sherlock undoes the buttons. The twin points of contact where their legs are touching function as both anchor and fulcrum. It keeps Sherlock grounded in the here and now, but this is a tipping point. It could still go either way.
There was no way to go but forward. I had no thought other than my task, the bowl and its dwindling contents. When it was empty, I would be released, as the omega who had to withstand ten shocks had been. The observers around us were a blur of color and atonal buzzing. I was aware only of Holmes murmuring encouragements as I worked, and once or twice he reached out to touch my shoulder, perhaps to adjust my posture, acknowledge my efforts, or simply remind me of his presence. I did not know nor honestly care. All that mattered was the placement of the next chestnut and keeping my movements as minimal and economic as possible in order not to dislodge any of its fellows.
Sherlock had masturbated in that bed too. Thinking of John, back when he'd been upstairs. Even later, when he'd been with Mary, when it had become absolutely crystal clear that Sherlock had blown every last chance he ever had of being anything more than a casual friend to John Watson. When John had been on his honeymoon with his new wife, Sherlock had lain in the middle of his bed, naked, a towel under him, wet his fingers with lubricant he'd bought especially for the occasion and stuck them up his arse. He'd imagined it was John deflowering him, and he'd held his dick in his hand and imagined it was John's hand, and that his own gasping breaths were John's as he'd taken his own pleasure, and he'd come with a jolt, his anus clenching around his own fingers. It had been a surprisingly powerful image.
"Because it's private." Tristram can't help a desperate edge from creeping into his voice. He doesn't know how else to explain it to her.
John laughs. "No, I think I would remember that. But hold on." He turns halfway around in the chair so he can look at Sherlock. "Homeless woman? Attacked with a knife?"
Emily hesitates in the doorway, glancing back at the room where her father is sleeping. "I don't want my dad to wake up and not know where I am."
"What do you think?" Doctor Watson murmurs. He lifts the edge of the curtain with one finger so he can see out into the street.
Then his father is talking to him, asking him how he feels. He's sore and stuffed up and his throat feels raw, but his stomach is much less unsettled now, so he murmurs that he's okay. Father makes him rinse his mouth out with water from the tap and then half-carries him out to the living room and deposits him on the couch. He's only wearing his pants and he's starting to feel chilly now, but Father's duvet is still there from that morning, so he topples over onto it and Father tucks him up in it.
Tristram follows his father back down the hall to his room. They don't turn on the light, but Father uses his phone to light the way so they don't run into anything. Once they get to Tristram's room, though, he turns it off before going in, and now Tristram is truly walking blindly, his eyes not yet re-adjusted to the darkness.
Emily isn't satisfied, but goes back to working on picking more bones out of the pellet. Tristram wants to ask her more. He wants to know if her father told her why they're staying at Tristram's flat. He wants to know if her father told her about the kisses. On the whole, he thinks not, because it's exactly the kind of thing she'd want to talk about with Tristram. Unless her father told her to keep it secret for some reason.
The toboggan run, it turns out, is pretty much like a roller coaster. There's a metal track built down the side of the mountain, zig-zagging back and forth, and two-seater sledges that sit on the track and run down it. There's no engine and no way to steer. The only control the rider has are the two handbrakes on either side of the sledge. The fog is thick enough that Tristram can't see the bottom of the track. Tristram is very excited to try it out, especially because Father is going to go with him.
"I'm not your darling," Emily states flatly. She stares right at her and puts another big spoonful of vermicelles and cream into her mouth.
Emily grasps the concept quickly - the basic rules aren't that complicated, after all - but she doesn't put much thought into her moves, and Tristram quickly dominates the board. Emily's still interested enough to want to play another round, but they have to put it off for another time, since it's time to go down for lunch by then.
"It's nice, for Molly and Greg," John said, and that sounded more sincere. "Nice to have some good news. I'll call them later to congratulate them. Or is it all right that you've told me? Not meant to be a secret or anything?" John raised his eyebrows and glanced at Sherlock, but immediately looked away again, concentrating on serving up two large, piping hot portions of potatoes and vegetables onto the plates.
Sherlock didn't do much more than go through the motions at school. He avoided the teachers' lounge completely. Mrs Hudson waited for him outside his classroom one day and forced a homemade Victoria sponge on him, not saying anything more than, "You're a good person, Sherlock Holmes, and don't you forget it." He may have eaten most of it in the course of repeatedly playing Saint-Saens' Concerto No. 3 in the wee hours.
John gets a glint in his eye. "You could be just the man we need. How much do you know about the restaurant business?"
Sherlock turns onto his side again and puts his hand on John's knee under the cover to stop him. "John, let me have this." His voice is unusually soft. "Please. I do know something - a little, not much - but I promise, there's no danger for any of you."
"Oh, it's just a bit of wind," Mr Holmes said, trying to downplay the situation. "Feels like a lump that doesn't want to go down."
John stared down at him, his eyes becoming very dark. Sherlock's penis had softened and lay sideways across his groin. John reached out and ran his hand down Sherlock's torso, from his neck over his chest and abdomen and finally over his genitals, just brushing the surface. Sherlock closed his eyes and inhaled sharply with the renewed stirrings of arousal.
"He was probably bored." Sherlock moved his leg, pressing just slightly into John's foot. A signal for John to back off? John flexed his toes. No reaction.
Sherlock thought he should probably be irritated at the sharp burst of pleasure that spiked in his chest at the knowledge that John had left the children to come and talk to him. It was silly, but he enjoyed it nonetheless.
Sherlock stills and bends his neck to rest his forehead on John's shoulder, breathing open-mouthed as if catching his breath. Without looking at John, he reaches down with one hand and shoves his underwear out of the way.
I descended into ennui, punctuated by fitful bursts of high activity. In truth, this had always been my modus, although I had fancied that Watson's constant presence and attentions had exerted a mitigating influence. Perhaps it had been no more than that: a fancy. I did not blame anyone for my solitary situation, not even myself. I had enjoyed more happiness than most men. It would have been intemperate to require more. The few mysteries that engaged my interest provided some distraction. Watson continued to accompany me when he could separate himself from professional or civic duties. I did not begrudge him his domestic life, nor his choice of counterpart. I was never an easy companion. I recalled the promise I had made at his first wife's grave, and did what I could to fulfil it. My success will remain another's to judge.
John's heart squeezed with fondness. Affection. More. "Come here, I'll turn the light on and have a look."
Then there was the question of his own employment. It was less urgent than the issues involving John, but he would eventually have to find another source of income. And not in the educational field. He could probably get by for food and clothing for a little while by calling in favours, but he needed cash for the house and utilities. If only someone would pay him to squirt blood at walls, deduce people's secrets, and find the quickest route on foot from the power station to the war memorial. What a tender world that would be.
"I don't know. Yes. Probably. Look, I know I shouldn't be such a hypocrite, God knows there's plenty I haven't told you."
Posy claimed John for the next dance, and Sherlock resigned himself to making the best of a bad situation by sitting out that dance to observe everyone and find the most accomplished of the female dancers. That turned out to be a tall woman from the Subcontinent who, Sherlock discovered in the course of the small talk that arose as they moved around the cramped space that had been cleared for dancing, had been Molly's best friend during medical school. She was now a senior researcher at a pharmaceutical company, and moved with an easy grace that was often the exception rather than the rule amongst tall women.
John's fists clench at his sides. "God, I still can't believe it. Her own sister, and then dragging kids into it. How-" His expression turns hard. "How could someone have so much hatred in them? Even in Afghanistan, the people there were fighting for an ideology. It was never so personal."
Sherlock allowed his expression to clear, as if the memory had just fallen into place. Of course he recalled the incident and the conversation. Just as he recalled every conversation and every moment he and John had shared.
I was half lost in my muddled thoughts and still anticipating a quiet end to the evening when Holmes tossed his serviette abruptly onto his plate and rubbed his hands briskly together.
And so that evening, when they shift their things around. Tristram understands - and he thinks Emily does too - that this isn't just to try it out. This will be the order of things for the rest of their holiday.
"Your poor teachers. Turnabout's fair play now then, I guess. Although I don't think any of our kids could put anything past you."
John bent forward again to kiss Sherlock and run his hands over his shoulders, his chest, his abdomen, stroking and squeezing firmly. He followed with his mouth, pausing to give special attention to Sherlock's neck, his nipples, a spot that was apparently particularly sweet along his ribs, until without further preamble he encased Sherlock's stiff member in sudden heat. He withdrew to gather saliva, then sank down again, working the moisture around with his tongue until the condom was thoroughly slick and the slide in and out of his mouth was smooth. Then he nudged Sherlock's legs further apart and settled down between them, his left hand playing with Sherlock's balls and his right steadying the base of his cock while he sucked and licked.
"Wasn't sleeping," John said, even though it might not be entirely true. He scooted back to make more room for Sherlock. He'd somehow gravitated toward the middle of the bed. Not used to sleeping with someone anymore.
Instead, stupidly, I said, "I was thinking only of practical concerns. If anyone had found out we are both alphas..."
“You know what?” he says, looking up at her with a little smile that doesn't reach his eyes. “Why not.”
It occurs to Tristram now that Uncle Mycroft has in fact signed permission slips and absence notes for school before, and arranged for his passport when it had to be renewed when Tristram turned five. Well, Uncle Mycroft's assistant at the time took him for the photos, but Tristram remembers the assistant giving Uncle Mycroft the photos to approve along with the form to sign, because it resulted in a haircut right there in Uncle Mycroft's house by his personal barber, and an ensuing row with Father over it later. Tristram never thought twice about it - after all, Uncle Mycroft was always signing things, and anyway Tristram was probably too young then to realise what it meant - but he understands now that Uncle Mycroft has been acting as a proxy parent for probably his entire life. Which is fine and doesn't affect Tristram either way, except possibly to make things easier when he doesn't have to chase his father down for a signature. But he is just a little bit hurt that no one ever thought to tell him. Maybe Father and Uncle Mycroft both thought he knew.
John was now working frantically at his cock even as he shifted his hips to help Sherlock find that elusive spot that would complete him. His chest and balls were tight and his arm was cramping with the effort of keeping up the pace on himself, especially after having just done the same service on Sherlock. Sherlock pressed himself even closer to John, if that were possible, his legs twined around John's and his face firmly ensconced in the crook of John's neck, where he was whispering something against John's skin that he couldn't understand. And then something inside John sparked as Sherlock's probing fingers honed in on their target.
"Looks pretty interesting," Doctor Watson says as he hands the paper back to Tristram. "Do you understand what you're supposed to do?"
Grandmother smiles. "Intellectual pursuits have always been highly prized in our family. It stands to reason that Sherlock finds gratification in exercising his mind."
"Please, just. Sit. You're giving me an inferiority complex with your-" John waved a hand in Sherlock's general direction. "Bloody elegant tallness. Even more than usual."
Now that all is said and done, with the insight that so often comes after the fact, I believe the true source of my altered state lay not in the thrill of the adventure itself, but in the person of my companion, Sherlock Holmes. To witness the perfectly attuned interaction of the physical and the mental which he embodied, the lightning fast reactions of his razor-sharp mind and his finely honed physique, the noble heart reflected in those features as perfectly formed as if chiseled by the hand of a master, led to an admiration of both his form and his functions coupled with a fervor that bordered on obsession and a possessiveness which I judged entirely natural and innocent. I was after all not an invert and never considered that the life force which quickened in me at the sight and even thought of the great detective could be anything more than an expression of the deep bond of comradeship which often forms between men of many years' acquaintance, who have faced down death and celebrated life together. We were alpha brothers-in-arms, like-minded souls, companions in toil and tears, our mutual devotion transcending bonds of blood or marriage... and, as it transpired, the law.
The mix of emotions would have seemed comical to Sherlock if the situation had been different. There was a woman sitting across from John, looking into his eyes in such a way one could only describe as 'dreamily'. The second thing he noticed was that the engagement box was no longer visible. It was enough to give Sherlock the courage he needed to stride over to their table and babble nonsense about the champagne at John until he was interrupted.
"He really needs some sleep, you know. Also some food..." John continued babbling to Rosie in a soft voice and Sherlock felt emotions swelling inside him. He knew John worried about his habits in these areas, he could read it on his face, but he had never heard him say these things out loud. He sat up on the edge of the bed, suddenly feeling a small wave of energy hit.
Johns stops his fork full of sparsely appetizing peas midway between his plate and mouth. Then, he makes a face between a frown and a rise of his eyebrows.
Soon, John hands me a pill and a cup of tea. With the same dull professionalism. I want to slap him in the face. If only I could do it. I vainly try to catch his eyes.
Mycroft is sitting in John's armchair. He walked into the room and sat down on it. Just like it has always belonged to him, just like my flat mate was nothing more than a fantasy, an imaginary friend swept away by the years. To be honest, the simple fact that he was treading upon our apartment was enough to annoy me. His intonation, his gesture reminded me of our childhood. A freezing draught goes all over my spinal column.
" John takes hold of the computer I give him. I see his pupils moving back and forth along the lines of the text.
Not a question: a statement, an order. Soon, the door opens on my flat mate. He doesn't say a word; he simply looks at me, waiting for my holy words.
. People love these kinds of stories. The more blood there is in the cases John transcribes on his blog, the more people read it. So how is this something bad?!
John doesn't leave my thoughts. It is this kind of lies that led me on the verge of death and also at the brink of John's silence, which is way more terrifying. Given that I'm always one step ahead of him -sometimes even six or seven- it is unlikely that he will discover anything. At least in the next few days. In a longer future however, I'm in the dark.
" John hands me his laptop before sitting back on his armchair. The page displayed is from his blog. Dozens of messages from potential clients are heaping-up. No, John, I don't have time for this. I have to focus on..."
My pyjama top comes back down on my chest. Slowly. And it's at this moment that I notice the purplish stains. I can see them but I don't feel them. My whole person is suffering. To the point that I don't even feel the tee-shirt's fabric pressed on my skin. The only thing denoting are John's fingers, cold as Death itself. My injuries don't seem to require any more treatment. One weight leave the bed -the tray-, and then another -John. I don't want him to go away. To leave me in that state. The simple idea of being on my own, helpless, create a lump in my throat. My eyes are burning.
A long sigh slip from my partially open mouth. Two injured men, a gang on the run and no prisoners. Without considering the military weaponry released into the wild.
As everyone knows - at least I hope so... - France, contrary to the United-Kingdom and to the English justice in general, divides her infringements into three categories: minor offence, infractions and crimes. Breaches classified depending on seriousness and so, the gravity of the penalty incurred. This system seems clever if we stop to the theory. However, in practice, this tripartite classification doesn't make sense. Am I the only one who thinks that it is appalling to define an offense by its penalty severity? The purpose isn't to discuss our neighbours' justice but still...
Since the French penal code defines rape as a crime in its article 222-23, detention was imposed to Andrews. This little stay, soon definitive, would permit to leave our little hunter facing the prison environment. And enable him to learn that being on the victim's side of rape isn't a fulfilling sexual experience. Although, personally, I never had to experiment with the thing... Who knows, maybe it could turn out to be... surprising. I'll ask Donovan one of these days.
What? What is he talking about? My eyes flicker and tear off the wooden floor to lie on his face. His messy blond hair. His drawn features. Two seconds and forty hundredths are enough for me to notice it. A small cut on John's upper lip. He took care of it as best as he could but it's still noticeable, at least for me.
I finally resolve to reach the living room, John will end up finding this isolation in the daytime suspicious.
The girl's name pronunciation is almost exaggerated. Gregory - no merit, the golden warrant card on the desk is impossible to miss - probably has no idea how to pronounce these dieresis right. And saying it as fast as possible doesn't fix things. I correct the victim's name, out of respect for her.
Footsteps are coming closer and then drawing away. Movement are making themselves heard in the stairs. John is about to borrow this Dear Mrs Hudson's mop. The last one we got... accidentally burned down. Not my fault. Four minutes and twelve seconds later, John is back to our floor. I can hear the fabric mopping up the liquid. The doctor breathes heavily three times in a row. Did he really never have to do this kind of stuff when his incontinent patients have an accident on the linoleum of his office? Whatever. The mental representation created by my brain is somewhat disgusting. This time, I cleverly restrain the grin forming on my mouth. I'd rather concentrate on John's scowl.
John arrived only a few minutes after Mycroft's taxi had left the street. Perfect timing. I don't know yet how I'm going to justify my recovered memory to my flat mate. A dream maybe, a flash. Or a long and advanced stay in my mind palace. Even though until now it didn't come to anything. Surely John won't see the clumsy strings, as usual, but I would rather take a little time before announcing the news.
With a skilled gesture, he grabs the sheets covering me and folds them down beneath my waist. A draft makes me shiver. He doesn't care. Pulling my pillow, he silently orders me to sit. I submit to his order, not without grumbling in pain. John doesn't pay any attention to me. The doctor,
A muffled sound makes me get out of my cocoon of thoughts. John just dropped his cup of tea on the floor. Three-quarter full, judging by the sound and the amount of liquid that slipped out off the edge during the fall. Naturally, John swears. Twice. Twice before he remembers that his comatose flat mate is possibly sleeping. And another time after that. I would have given anything to see his face at this moment. The carpet under the kitchen table should have already soaked up most of the tea. And so, making the cleaning complex.
Irony doesn't suit you, Mycroft, really. Considering the importance of the message in question, I wasn't planning to answer it now. John pertinently knows that the response is positive. But you should know that contradicting you is one of my favourite activities.
The conversation could have just stopped here but I'll do anything for my friend to stay a while longer in my company.
He won't allow me to touch him. But I want to. I have to. With a single touch, I would make this mark disappear from John's face. With my only will.
John seems to appreciate classical music. Rare are the times he doesn't pay me compliments when I'm playing. Yet he is unable to recognize most of the pieces. The
While John carries on with his disapproving speech, I mentally put his voice on low. I easily recognize what I was wearing before my black out. An ordinary black suit and a purple shirt. A plum one actually. John loves that shirt. Of course, he never quite admitted it. I can see it in his look when I'm wearing it. A look which is poles apart from the one he demonstrates to sweep my wounds with his eyes.
Mycroft's words are almost flung in my face. Obviously, I'm bothering. At least more than usually. I decide to go over my eldest's bad mood and sigh before beginning to reel off my extended speech about Andrews, sliding the file on the desk.
John's freezing fingers wander on my face. Despite his obvious anger, his movements are gentle, precise. He presses cotton on my cheek, some fibers clinging onto a scorching wound. His other hand grasps the angular contours of my face and spins it the other way round. I can't see my flat mate anymore. My friend. I'm only able to see the window. The street. The snowflakes dropping off on it. I'm rambling, the pill is starting to be effective. While I'm shifted on the other side, my eyes fix upon a black pile on the floor. Clothes.
But you're too patient for that, John Watson. That's why I can ensure you with a radiant smile that, not only my lip is bleeding again, but also that I made you lower your guard. I won our little verbal fencing. Again.
Sherlock works as a consulting detective, a profession he invented himself. As a private, he is paid by his clients to solve boring and small mysteries. However, occasionally he ends up helping Scotland Yard when inspector Lestrade and his colleagues find themselves in great difficulty. Which happens very often. Yet, in this type of cases, Sherlock doesn't ask for money, contenting himself with the thrill that a wonderful bloody murder gives him.
I already had the occasion to observe my senses go into panic several times. To feel my neurons activating one by one, making fear, pain or sorrow rush into my organism. Most of these experiences involved John on the verge of death. However another one, far older, relates to the death of Redbeard and how, in an instant, a little boy who already feels lonely as if he's the only one in the world falls into complete isolation.
Contrary to the reasons that could have urged me to hide such information from him, it isn't to protect John that Mycroft insists on keeping him away from action. He doesn't trust him. Not for such a mission. That's where he underestimates him.
A radiant smile appears on my lips. I'm delighted by the turn of events. As my eyes scrutinise the peculiar mixing of shame and disappointment on Donovan's features, my attention drifts on the second man getting out of the office. Andrews. A small man, podgy, forty-or-so, sedentary way of life. A failure among millions of others. What could have he done? Donovan guides him toward another office in the shared area of the third floor. Lestrade comes near me, arms crossed.
My blood pounds in my temples. I hate that feeling. The noise is so loud, so internal, primitive, that the flat could explode and I would barely hear it. I'm nothing more than a secluded shadow in the darkest depths of a formerly powerful body. Pathetic.
Of course, there is no question of protesting. Mycroft loves coming here to make fun of the tidying and splutter in every corner. If he doesn't, he must be busy. My brother's minion moves a few steps on the side and hands me my coat.
Mycroft stops and claps his eyes on mine. He wants to know how I gather in the information. How I am reacting.
My bed base creaks with every breath I take. It is impossible to concentrate. I jump off the bed and take a look at my makeshift deduction board from further distance. The pale tapestry doesn't sufficiently bring out the few papers pinned on the wall. It makes the reading difficult; this is not optimised at all. And I don't even talk about the fact that I have to climb onto my bed to hope to distinguish the slightest word.
English isn't my mother tongue so if some sentences feel a little too "frenchy" or odd, leave a comment and I'll correct it.
John turns around, hesitating. He must be asking himself if he's really the one I'm talking to. So I feign a smile. Not a fake and shining one. The simple and sincere kind. John slightly shakes his head and answers positively.
. Your little and insignificant life as a part-time doctor got you addicted to adrenaline and risk. If you didn't like these dangerous hunts for the dragon at least as much as I do, you'd have simply wait for me to steal your gun from you in order to add some holes to this day.
For God's sake, this dream was trying. Dreams always appeared terribly useless and harmful to me. Now more than ever. Either these hallucinations of your subconscious take control of your worst fears in a mixture of terror and incomprehension, or they're nothing but joy and happiness, making the waking gloomy and dull. In the present case, I had just experienced a perfect union of both of these.
"Who the hell knows about Sherlock Holmes, but – for the record – if anyone out there still cares, I’m not actually gay."
The hem John's lips make as he smiles makes me smile too. Whatever may be the reason. John begins to move again and disappears from my sight a few seconds. When he comes back, he is holding his cup of tea. In a quite feminine and British manner.
It doesn't take long for John to appear, as I expected. I grumble softly as I'm trying to move. At this exact moment, I hate myself. A human larva, unable to move or live on its own. John carries a tray which he puts on the bed. He then sits near me, his knee against my thigh. My sharp eyes see right through him. Furrowed brows. Distinct dark rings under his eyes. Sloping mouth. Not only didn't he sleep well, but he is also mad at me.
After skimming five or six letters -I may be obliging but I have my limits- one seems to stand out from the crowd. A young woman in her thirties, banker, single and staid, suspects herself to have a sort of schizophrenia. Interesting. She claims she does crazy things that she can't remember next. Just like someone was taking control of her body. Of course, it can't be that, but John will like it. "
Footsteps on the apartment's wooden floor. John. My eyelashes painfully tear away from themselves with flicking movements. The bright light burns my retina and a hoarse whine gets out of my mouth. My lips are stuck together as well. Because of something thick, something that taste like copper. Blood. Judging by the light in the room, it must be almost noon. A quick glance on my phone confirms my though. 11:42. I mentally congratulate myself. Then, I let myself fall on the mattress, already bored by this mediocre victory. It seems softer than usual. It's my bed, my sheets, my bedroom. Yet something is different. Coma. It feels like I'm waking up from coma. My body is a heap of cotton with an increased sensitivity. What happened, for God's sake?
As we're eating a microwave-heat-up plate, silence reigns in the flat. The tick-tock of the clock, the computers' purring, all these everyday-life noises seem to be increased. I'm seeking a subject to broach in order to get through this discomfort but John outruns me. Luckily for the both of us.
My voice was shakier than I expected. The catastrophic scenario was gradually spreading in my brain. Me against this gang. John by my side, as always.
Why the kitchen? John systematically bumps on the corner of the table I moved a few centimetres from its usual position. Six months ago. A subtle combination of guilt - for not remembering the new location of this bloody table - and rage - toward me for moving it in the first place. With this in mind, a smile makes its way onto my lips. The scar crossing them had healed during my month of recovery. This demonstration of humanity had just reopened it. Great. That'll teach me to smile without any true reason...
doctor, complies this morning - or noon- like an automaton. Programmed to cure. Nothing more. I'm not used to so little from him. In our boring - reassuring? - routine, I'm the one who stays silent for days; John is the one who talks to hide his embarrassment, the one who would say anything to distract my attention from him. In vain. Unusual.
And I can't stay like this. Without being able to know, forecast or anticipate. It's my strength, what makes me almost untouchable. Take off my deduction capacity and John's friendship and I'm nothing more than a man. A simple mortal that anything could make tip over.
Removing the cup from Mycroft's hands, I loudly close the door. Finally on my own! Not for long though. However, John's presence doesn't bother me. On occasion -quite often, let's admit it - he tends to annoy me, bore me or sometimes both at the same time. Yet, I'm unable to be mad at him for more than one hour or two. John isn't the brightest but he is a trustworthy friend. The kind to follow you in whatever suicidal mission you'd be involved in. I know something about this.
One word, just four small letters that say so much. This pathetic office worker could satisfy his sexual drives with any of the pornographic films overflowing on the internet. Or spend some of his precious pounds with a woman who agrees more or less because it's her job. Yet no. Andrews' salacious eyes are those of a hunter. Those of a man who doesn't content himself with ease. Andrews wants to track, hunt and execute. Even if the jury members won't spare this pig, he'll keep it going when released. Unavoidable.
The washing-up? So that's the thing John does once a week, hands plunged into the kitchen sink full of water? Interesting.
These four weeks confined to bed had leaded me to examine every single square millimetre of my bedroom. By now, I was aware of each crack ripping the ceiling, from their origin to their point of application, the profusion of defects on the wall paper, the snags on my sheets. Nothing had slipped through my attention. Not even the dust balls that were taking shape under the furniture. It must me noted that John was cleverly avoiding my den, only venturing there once a day for the required treatment. Since the first waking, we had a mutual agreement involving a religious silence in order to avoid being hurt. Which worked pretty well until now.
We stayed there for a moment, staring at each other in silence. John finally began to laugh, he also happy about this news.
According to my research on the subject and to my brother's report, I was able to gather some precious information. The Ebola virus was discovered in 1976 by a Belgian microbiologist -a small country near France where the accent is very little pleasant to hear. Without Google's help, he had to take the old encyclopaedias out of their cupboard. Encyclopaedias in which a similarity was found with the Marburg virus, another filovirus. Yet the Center for Disease Control of Atlanta rejected this hypothesis, the pathogen was new. Fascinating for a microbiologist, isn't it? Discovering a class 4 virus with a fatality rate from 25% to 90% among humans. Really fascinating. Even these days, the virus cycle remains uncertain. The most probable theory would be that the bats from West-Africa, as healthy carrier, contaminated monkeys that, in turn, contaminated humans. That's what happens when you eat bush meat... Concerning the worldwide spreading, our modern society does what's necessary.
My attention leaves the kettle and goes to my brother. With a hand, I wave to him to go on and then make my way to my perpetual black armchair. I sit, knees against my chin. The picture of John's slashed face fixed deep down in my eyes.
My humour attempt seems to warm up the room a little. Lestrade is far too sentimental for a cop. Emotions and feelings are to ban if we want to keep our minds clear. I've been insisting on saying it for a while now...
It's an excuse I've been using ever since I was fifteen and that still seems to work perfectly well. For purpose of masculine pride, at first John wanted to set up a fair sharing of the tasks. My Dear Watson, you ought to know me better... I have excuses for everything. All the time. Concerning the washing up, John gave up on the idea to make me clean up the slightest plate a month after we moved in. Even though he knows perfectly well that this allergy doesn't exist, along with my childhood trauma linked to vacuum cleaners.
The third time John had taken the monitor into Sherlock's room. They had just finished a case which involved people being kidnapped and some particularly gruesome murders, and he had watched Sherlock become progressively worse as the case rolled on.  He did have to admire his stamina though. Even through all the pain Sherlock hadn't once thought about giving up or handing the case back unsolved. But now that the case was over, and he would finally sleep, he was sure to have nightmares and relive his own trauma.
"Bit mean to spring this on you like that, I know, but-" the look on John's face stopped him in his tracks. He froze. But it was neither of them who spoke next.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock continued to stare, seemingly unable to move. John's eyes abruptly moved to the monitor, and he gave a small gasp.
John stormed down the street, leaving Sherlock to stand, catching his breath, next to the woman as they watched him leave. She turned to him, her face blank, and extended.
"It's alright," she said, smiling back. "I'll talk him round." Sherlock's mind froze for a second. He had definitely been wrong with his first deduction. He looked at her more carefully. She was very confident with what she was saying, and instantly want to help. John's girlfriends never wanted to help. He could see so much intelligence in her. Not as much as him, but still...
However, John was acting a lot calmer this time around. He cleared his throat before calmly answering.
"Just one word, Sherlock, just one word to tell me you were still alive is all I would have needed." The words spilled out of him as if he no longer had control over his mouth.
"Oh, well isn't this just wonderful," John spat. "You've here all of one hour and you're already up to your old trick. That's just brilliant." Sherlock looked down at his shoes, a dawning feeling that he had crossed some line.
Instead he watched John until he felt sure that he could control  his own movements again, and gently walked back to his room. He could wait until the morning to enjoy time with the Watsons.
"You know, It is just possible that you might not be welcome." Another snort of derision escaped Sherlock's mouth
He allowed it, but this was honestly more uncomfortable that Mrs Hudson's scream. At least he knew how to make that one stop. It was another ten seconds before Lestrade let him go.
"Well, we should use yours this time. We already have a little Watson running around. It would be nice to have a little Holmes be there too." Sherlock grinned, picturing what he was saying.
"Once upon a time, there live an amazing prince. He had magic powers and could fix things much faster than everyone else. A lot of people loved him, but some people were very jealous. You see, one of the lords like it when things were broken, and got upset when the magic prince would turn up and fix things again after he broke them. So he got all the people who were jealous of him together and the started saying mean things about him so that the people who liked the prince would start believing them the prince would get sad.
It took Sherlock a shockingly long time to understand that this story was about him, even in his light slumber. It was embarrassing to think the prince had already come back before it had clicked. The thought of it made him cry. Obviously John had skipped over most of what had happened - it wouldn't do to be telling an infant all that - but it made him ashamed to think he had never before tried to picture how John had been when he had gone. Of course, Lestrade had told him some details, but John never let on.
"Can I help you with anything sir?" He put on an accent that was so appalling, even John could have seen through it in a matter of seconds. But he didn't look up. He just went on about their drink selection. Disgruntled, Sherlock tried again to get his attention. After a while, He became more and more dramatic, hoping to catch John's attention, but he seemed adamant on ignoring everything but his own table. Right now, choosing champagne seemed to be his only focus. Fine.
Rather than acting on it, he snapped, "If you are going to give instruction in classroom mischief, the least you can do is make sure to impart the first principles of aerodynamics." Sherlock snatched up a scrap of paper that bore a greater resemblance to a tri-cornered hat than anything capable of flight and tossed it on his desk in disgust. "And this? What's this?" He picked up a piece of paper that had been crumpled into a vaguely spherical shape. "You'd need a ballista for this type of projectile. Really, for someone who's supposed to have been in the army, I'm very disappointed."
Sherlock pivoted and took several steps away, clenching and unclenching his hands. It was maddening how much John wanted to assign Sherlock motivations that he patently did not have. "I hate to disabuse you once again -" he began, but John cut across him.
On Monday morning, Sherlock ordered two coffees at Speedy's, his usual and a second with cream (the real stuff). He'd often found that the best strategy was to act as if nothing unpleasant had transpired. John wasn't in the teachers' lounge yet when Sherlock arrived, so he sat in his usual corner and checked his messages while he waited. John still hadn't written back. Childish. Sherlock huffed and put his phone away, watching the other teachers.
Sherlock reached down to pull the covers back and found John already hard with clear fluid welling from the tip of his penis. The sight, and the knowledge that John had remained this hard - or been revived - untouched, merely from kissing and whatever emotions were playing out in his head right now, caused a fresh wave of desire and something akin to wonder to surge through him.
"It does to me," John says hotly. "And anyway, who am I kidding? I've left her already. The night I found out she'd shot you was the end of our marriage, as far as I'm concerned."
All right. That was a good start. Early days yet, though, early days. Maybe he wanted to be fresh and alert before broaching what was certain to be a sticky subject.
"Oh dear," Mrs Hudson says, her voice quavering. "All this talk of bombs and kidnapping, Sherlock, I'm not sure it's right."
"The bodyguard," he says, pleased with how steadily his voice comes out, "the one who wasn't really a bodyguard, he's here."
Sherlock was actually quite glad for the chance to catch his breath. It wasn't the right time for this. It was good (marvelous, fantastic, spectacular) that John was interested in more physicality, but not when he was ill.
John was standing perfectly still. He hadn't so much as twitched when Sherlock invaded his personal space. In fact, if anything, he'd leaned forward as well. He was holding his breath. Sherlock could smell that now familiar mix of middle-class brands, scents he shouldn't find appealing - didn't, in fact, in general, with their heavy, artificial chemical aftertaste - but that he was now greedy for, in just this perfect balance of menthol and citrus and something annoyingly sweet - jasmine, perhaps; incense? - that turned on all the John receptors in his brain.
"I am applying some of my special blend. I dare say it will make this all more pleasant for you," he answered rather quickly, holding up a flask with a vaporizer attached.
"I'd tell you if there were anything new." He sounds indignant that John might even suggest otherwise.
John turned his attention back to the bundle. Whatever was inside was rigid yet light. Possibly some kind of bone with a particularly odd deformation, or a stone with the image of a plant or shell embedded in it. Sherlock often brought back little oddities like that from his ramblings through the countryside, full of theories as to where they came from or what they might be, but he didn't usually wrap them up with such care, and he definitely never acted so secretive and shy about them.
But wait... No personal pictures, the crack about the family, the continued focus on John, the - yes, the resignation around his mouth, the barely perceptible straightening of his shoulders as if reminding himself to buck up - Mycroft was jealous. Not of John specifically (Mycroft preferred women, when he was in the mood, which wasn't often), but of the fact that Sherlock had someone in his life. Could he see so much in just a few seconds? Did he see more than Sherlock, in fact? Because not even Sherlock was sure what he and John had, what they were to each other. Was it truly something to engender envy in his brother? Sherlock forced himself to keep his eyes on Mycroft. There was no telling what else he might give away if he looked at John right now.
The rest of the morning didn't get any better. Sherlock's coffee had gone cold by the time he was able to drink it, his pupils were even slower and stupider than usual, and the pièce de résistance came when Lestrade announced at assembly that Sherlock would be in charge of the end-of-term Nativity play.
Sherlock allows himself to hope that things aren't entirely broken. "I'm not a very nice man." He means it playfully, but it seems it was the wrong thing to say because John suddenly becomes serious again.
of links and some self-indulgent meanderings relating to this fic if you'd like some background on how it came to be.
"I don't know," Sherlock rasped, staring down at his food. The food John had made for him. That John had planned and cooked and made for the two of them together. Because this was something he looked forward to too. This was something John needed just as much as Sherlock did. Not because he was trying to trick Sherlock, or shame him, but because he'd been hurt and wanted to understand, wanted Sherlock to make him see, to give him an explanation that would make it all make sense, like bringing all the threads of a case together that no one else was clever enough to. And even though he'd been hurt, even though Sherlock had lied to him and betrayed his trust, he'd tried to make it easier for Sherlock. To let him know things weren't about to change just because Sherlock had been a royal arse.
There was a gap between them now, a polite distance. Sherlock's hand on the railing was to John's elbow as his hand on the gearshift had been to John's knee. An equation of proportionality. An unknown equation to move the asymptote closer to zero. To cross the axis.
She really, really liked John's penis. It was nice and thick, a bit bigger around than a Twister ice lolly, but not too long, so she could get a good portion of it in her mouth without it being uncomfortable.
"I'll find something," Sherlock assured him, and with one more quick kiss, he slid out from under John.
Moriarty laughed, a brief, dark chuckle. "Oh, Sherlock, I'd almost forgotten how fun you are. I can't believe I let you get away. Where have you been keeping yourself?"
John haphazardly stuffs the postcard he's holding into a slot, using rather more force than necessary. "You do know what happened two weeks ago? Why his hand's in a cast?"
Sherlock rustled around inside, his fingers bumping John's through the paper. He took a few seconds longer than strictly necessary to choose one. It was almost like before everything had gone so spectacularly wrong. This was the third night in a row they'd gone out after rehearsals. Just as friends, maybe; or maybe ... He couldn't afford to hope. Friends was good. Friends was more than he deserved. He should settle for this, he should be happy. Only he wasn't, and he knew he never would be, now that he knew what else he might have had. A boyfriend. A partner. Someone who...
"I don't have 'boyfriends'." Sherlock sounds both disgusted and offended. "And we've known each other for considerably longer than a week, surely even you would have noticed if I were in a relationship with someone else by now."
John looks down. "No idea where the first one went. If there are any drive-by shootings reported tonight-"
"And would she have known what to do? Would you? Other than call for one of your faceless assistants?"
Sherlock's eyes flickered down to the glass and back at John. John put more determination into his expression and nudged the glass at Sherlock. Sherlock took the glass and drank everything, never taking his eyes off John. When he was done, there was a line of moisture on his upper lip. John's fingers itched with the need to wipe it away. John took the glass away from him and set it on the table. His heart was beating so hard he was sure Sherlock could see it right through his shirt.
Mr Holmes grunted, in acknowledgement, John thought at first, but then he noticed him grimacing again.
Sherlock watched a light reflection bash itself repeatedly against the brick wall on the other side. "The whole thing's wrong, John. There is no movie."
So no, this isn't a panic attack, this is excitement and wondering and hoping all mixed up. And a little bit of uncertainty too, because maybe Irene isn't really taking him to Father. He wants to believe her. Not just because he wants - desperately, so hard that he almost can't think about it - to see Father again, but because he wants to be able to believe Irene. It's exhausting always having to stop and think about whether what she's saying is the truth or not. Maybe she meant she's going to take Tristram to Father eventually. Some day. If so, he intends to figure out how to get back to Father on his own, or at least contact him or John or Uncle Mycroft. Now that he doesn't have to worry about getting shot the second he sets foot outside the house. She can't keep him away from them forever, even if she is his mother.
But Watson was not up for japes that morning. "You're coming with me," he said sternly, taking my arm in his and steering me toward the entrance. "You haven't paid your respects once. Unless you've been without me?"
Doctor Watson continues to exchange information with the person on the other end, but Tristram doesn't pay much attention after he hears the words 'gunshot wound'. He was shot? Is that what's wrong with his hand? All of a sudden, he wants to see it. Did the bullet go right through? Does he have a hole in his hand that he could look through? He's curious what that might look like, although the fact that it's
Sherlock was seated next to Greg at the front table with the rest of the wedding party, but aside from thanking him for the speech, Greg hadn't exchanged a word with him, having eyes only for Molly. And hands. Before they'd sat down, they'd both kept their arms wrapped around each other's waists or shoulders as if glued there. And once at the table, they'd either held hands or else Greg had kept his arm over the back of Molly's seat, his fingers constantly wandering up to touch her neck or shoulder. This would invariably cause Molly to squirm and shoot Greg a heated look or lean over to whisper something that would make him clear his throat and nip a quick kiss or two or three to her jaw. At one point, Sherlock became so annoyed he suggested they slip off to the loo to get it over with.
Coarsely grate the potatoes and onion into a clean tea towel and then squeeze out the excess liquid by twisting the towel. Place the mix in a large bowl.
"No, Sherlock. It's fine." John reaches over and puts his hand on top of where Sherlock's has fallen still on his pants. "Show me."
"In a..." He pauses and glances at Tristram and Emily. "...certain type of film, perhaps," he mutters.
Thanks to ruth0007 and dioscureantwins for the invaluable feedback and help with rewriting this chapter.
It didn't bother him as much as it probably should, John bastardising his original composition. He'd put a fair amount of effort into it, and been pleased with the result. It actually bothered him more that John was probably right: the song was too highbrow, both for the target audience and for the performers. He'd thought he was writing it with them in mind - and at some unacknowledged yet not entirely unconscious level, for John's approval - but subconsiously, he realised after John's statement earlier about the Blackwood School, he'd been writing it to compete with Moriarty.
"Hello, John," he said, sounding cheery despite the pinched look on his face. "Did you have a nice time?"
"You could come in," he blurted out, only realising a split second after the words had fallen out of his mouth what that sounded like, which was terribly awkward as he hadn't been thinking of sex at all. In fact, the sheets were still unchanged and the jars of mud were still cluttering the kitchen counters. Although he had cleaned up the blood in the bathroom. "You know, we don't-" he started to explain, but that was even more awkward, so he went back to his first statement. "You could come in," he repeated, firmer this time. Without waiting for an answer, he turned and whisked the keys out of his pocket.
The walk, as always, did Sherlock good. There was something about the physical action of moving swiftly through the streets that steered his thoughts into orderly paths. It also helped not to have John so distractingly close by. On the one hand, Sherlock was irritated that he was falling prey to so many utterly predictable behaviours around John: the desire to impress, becoming alternately overly talkative and tongue-tied, not to mention the mortifying physical signals such as an inability to maintain steady eye contact, a near constant desire to smile, elevated heart rate and respiration and, yes, diversion of blood flow to the genitals. On the other hand, he had to admit that the experience was generally pleasurable. Simply thinking about it resulted in a rewarding bloom of pleasure hormones.
"I probably shouldn't have had the fruitcake with lunch," Mr Holmes said, attempting to make light of things. "If I didn't know better I'd think Sherlock was up to something again." He rubbed his knuckles over his stomach and lower ribcage.
"We can go to a waterpark back home anytime," she argues, "but we might not ever get to come to the Alps again. Plus," she says, "you only need your legs and feet to go snowboarding."
The day of his nuptials I spent in a haze of blissful unawareness; the evening in the company of a young geologist from Budapest whom I'd angled at a lecture of the Royal Geographical Society. I found his stones compelling. I did not often succumb to such temptations. My appetites had waned, perhaps with age, although I had not yet seen fifty years; or perhaps because my palate had been spoilt. The anonymous couplings I used to find so stimulating were now bland and unfulfilling, leaving me with a sickly, hollow feeling I did not know how to fill. (That is dishonest: I knew.)
Sherlock ignored her, instead answering John. "Yes, I see that." He settled himself on the bench opposite them. "Go on. I would so like to hear how this thing might happen that is, in fact, not happening." There was no need to explain himself. They all knew what they were talking about. He folded his hands tightly on the table in front of him. He desperately wished he had a cigarette. The miasma of nicotine permeating the wooden furniture didn't help.
In answer, John kissed her more intently and pushed down on her hips. With the understanding of months of common experience, she stilled her hand and held his penis in place so she could lower herself onto it. He slid into her slickened passage easily. They both paused their kiss at the same moment to look down and watch him disappear into her.
No matter, she had to make her move now, or they wouldn't have time. She went to the door and listened. No sound. Cracked it open. Empty hall. She ran, bare-footed, to room 312, squeezed her eyes shut and knocked.
"Who could say no to a face like this?" he'd asked, cueing Saffron to put on her sweet-as-an-angel look, the same one she'd used earlier that week when Ollie sat on a piece of chewed gum. Liam gave John a gap-toothed grin and wiped his nose on the back of his hand. John handed him a tissue and leaned over his head to mutter to Sherlock, "You're a manipulative bastard."
Sherlock took one last deep draw of his cigarette and held the smoke in, milking it for the last few micrograms of nicotine. The tip glowed bright orange. Molly looked over John's shoulder, back toward the stage area. Right at Sherlock. Annoyed at himself, he dropped the butt and ground it out with the toe of his shoe, swivelling around at the same time to leave.
"Psh, Blackwood shlackwood." John waved his hand as if fanning away an unpleasant odour. "This isn't some sort of contest. I don't know who's put that into your heads," he said, glaring at Sherlock. Which was actually quite unfair, as it was Lestrade who had talked about besting Blackwood at that ill-fated assembly. "And anyway," John went on, "Blackwood's not having a movie made out of their play, are they?"
Tristram overheard her once, talking to his father out in the hall one night when they thought he was asleep in his room. She said it wasn't healthy that Tristram never had any friends over to play. In Tristram's experience, getting close to other children is more like asking for the sniffles or a sore throat, so in actual fact it is healthier not to play with them. Of course, that isn't the reason he doesn't generally interact socially with other children; he has a strong constitution - he has to, with the microbes, moulds, necrotic flesh, and other sources of contagion sharing breathing space with him at home. It's more the fact that the other children are generally too busy making fun of the way Tristram looks, or walks, or fails to kick the ball properly, to find out what interests they might share.
Emily looks interested, but still doubtful. "It's cold and it's raining," she points out, quite fairly.
John is just disturbed and indignant enough at that revelation to get distracted from the issue of Sherlock's wound for the moment. "He has my computer under surveillance?"
"All right, fine," John said, speaking louder to drown out Sherlock's words. "Forget about the movie part of it for a minute. I agree, it's looking like that's not going to work out. That doesn't mean we should scrap the whole project. The kids have worked hard, you and I have both worked hard, Molly's working hard, the parents are working hard, and there's nothing that says it can't all come together and have something really good come out of it. I know-" John said, increasing his volume again when Sherlock whirled back around, about to protest that there were dozens of things that would prevent anything good coming of it. "You're thinking of the money coming in, and how things are getting so big, but honestly, those sponsors are getting plenty of free publicity already, with or without studio interest." John started enumerating his points on his fingers. "They'll sell their concessions and souvenirs to the parents and anyone else who wanders by. There wouldn't be any big product placement opportunities in the play itself, so they never would have made it onto the screen anyway. As long as the play goes on, I don't think anyone's going to do much complaining. No one was ever promised anything either; there's nothing in writing. They wouldn't have a legal leg to stand on."
it. Now he doesn't know what to do. He could leave, his observations and deductions confirmed, but on the other hand he doesn't really know yet that the voice belongs to someone Uncle Mycroft sent. Although who else would be hiding in Grandmother's stable this early in the morning? But mostly, he wonders whom he isn't meant to scare.
Tristram understands from his uncle's tone of voice that he's not going to say anything more on the subject.
"Jesus, why don't we all just read the damn thing!" Doctor Watson explodes and throws his arms up in the air.
Father shakes his head and smiles, but he's not smiling at Doctor Watson, exactly, and certainly not to reassure him. He's smiling the way he does when he's engaged, when he comes as close as Tristram knows him to being happy. "Oh, you're wrong, John. It's all about being clever now. This is a new game, with new rules. And yes, I'm sure."
you to. That was my plan. That's why I was trying to access your bank information. I wanted to see how much you could afford to pay. I was going to offer you a figure below what you were paying now."
A short ways away, Doctor Watson and Emily are huddled together, apparently conferring. Father bends over, the edges of his long coat dragging, and starts making snowballs, which he lays on the path next to him. "I want you to hand these to me," he tells Tristram.
Doctor Watson looks at her in surprise, then at Tristram, then back at Emily. "Oh really?" He sounds more amused than angry.
Sherlock grunts in appreciation and leans back a bit. "No, nothing. Which is good, as Mycroft's people haven't sent the algorithm yet. If this were a situation with North Korea, we'd all be eating kim-chee by now."
"He's hardly going to have some sort of armed ambush set up," Sherlock scoffs. "This is a public path, hikers walk through here every day." It's another overcast day, and the mountains are shrouded in mist that hangs heavy and grey like cobwebs.
"Ooh, a doctor," Moriarty all but squealed. "Charmed. So, the two of you are..." Moriarty raised his eyebrows suggestively.
John lifts his hand and carefully places it on top of Sherlock's where it's resting on the arm of his chair. "I can't go back home," he says soberly, his eyes resting on their hands.
Tristram considers this. It may be true; he's never actually heard it stated one way or the other. But his family has never had an absolute relationship with the law. "It's okay to do things that are against the rules, if you have a good reason," he tells her with the absolute confidence of a child who has seen authority figures do just that, with few or no repercussions.
The smile disappears and his father rattles the newspaper impatiently. "By the end of the week, if all goes well."
Just as they get to the bottom of the stairs, Mrs Hudson pops out, still in her dressing gown, and says good morning. She pretends she happens to be checking if the newspaper is there yet, but Tristram can see that her fingers are already smudged with newsprint from licking them to turn the pages.
John's shoulders sag. "I don't even know now. Stability, I guess. The prospect of not being alone. Having something to show for my life. I think not a small amount of wanting to prove to myself I was my own man... You know, that I could do something, be something that didn't involve you." His lips curve upwards in a vaguely bitter smile. "And we did have fun. She
It's bad enough the way Sherlock goes white around the mouth and stonewalls whenever John mentions checking his wound. Insists. Harangues. And Sherlock still refuses to let him see it, two weeks on. John's supposed to be the goddamned medical professional and he hasn't been able to check for infection or that the site's closing up properly. If it were any other patient...
John went with him (was he planning on getting into the taxi as well? Another host of possibilities opened up, but the original plan had a higher probability of success.) "It holds up incredibly well, actually. You'd be surprised."
Sherlock glanced at John then sighed and called after his father, "Don't try bringing it up yourself, Dad. I'll be down in a minute."
At those words, another great cheer arose. Sherlock fixed on John. He looked relieved and came forward to shake Sherlock's hand.
And then there are those times when it's just Tristram and Doctor Watson, when Emily's father talks to him, asks his opinion and listens hard. When he gives Tristram time to say what he wants to, even if it's nothing. It's like he can never give a wrong answer when he's talking to Doctor Watson. Or the things the three of them - himself, Doctor Watson, and Emily - have done without Father, like playing at the park or even doing homework. Tristram wouldn't want to give up any of that. Even if Doctor Watson sometimes wants to talk about things that Tristram would rather let lie.
And then along Sherlock had come, and they'd found a connection. A strong one. There was no denying it now. Maybe John had fought it too, as hard as Sherlock had, and for many of the same reasons. They were both afraid it was too good to be true, that something would rip them apart, and in doing so would rip their hearts out too. The only difference was, John expected the disturbance to come from outside - a bus, a bullet, a transfer order, another lover - while Sherlock had known all along he would be the cause. And the worst part was, Sherlock was going to end up doing it again. Even if he could somehow manage to patch things up here and now, the next metaphorical bus was just around the corner. A social cue missed, a boundary overstepped, a confidence betrayed, a foible exposed.
Father slouches down more firmly in his chair, frowning at his phone, which he's holding up in front of his face. "No, I don't."
"I'm giving him fifty grams now," Doctor Watson tells Father. "It might cause some constipation in the next couple of days, and his stool will be black, but that's all perfectly normal. Make sure you tell them at the hospital anyway, they'll be able to give you a laxative for him if you're concerned."
Father tells them their hotel is called the Englischer Hof. The way he says it rhymes with 'loaf'. He tells them that Hof can mean either 'farm' or 'court'. Like the place where a king sits, not a judge.
"I see your leg has improved vastly since this afternoon," Sherlock said, meaning it as a jab, although it didn't come out with nearly as much venom as he'd supposed it would.
Sherlock clambers off the bed and somehow comes up with a pair of pants, which he stumbles into on his way across the room. He ends up just behind John, although he refrains from touching him. "And Emily?"
Sherlock smiled, couldn't help it. Everything in him was happy. His face, his stomach, his ears, his toes. "Good morning."
Fortuitously, his interest was easily directed elsewhere, landing now on a widow who sought his advice on a medical matter, then on a fellow veteran of the wars he made acquaintance with at his club. I strictly discouraged pursuing extracurricular contact with clients for reasons of discretion and professionalism. It was a rule I adhered to without exception myself. As an additional method of deflection, I pretended no interest in matters of the flesh, refraining entirely from my usual adventures and instead devoting my mental and physical energies fully to my detective work. I was pleased to see that he did not tend to form deep attachments with any of his lovers, as it kept him free to assist me at any time of day or night. The fruitfulness of our partnership thus soon became apparent, and we fell into an easy companionship marked by mutual understanding.
Tristram moves over to stand in front of the mirror and tries to twist his neck around so he can see his back. His disappointment over what he thought was a delay in the healing process has turned into glee. He's going to have honest-to-goodness scars, just like Father. Not just little ones like on Father's hands that you have to hold really still and find the right angle to see them either. "Cool," he breathes out. Although no one will really be able to see them under his shirt, which is a bit of a shame.
Tristram wakes up when he feels himself being lifted from his bed. It's dark, and he has a brief moment of panic, but he smells the familiar scent of his father's cologne and hears his voice whispering that it's okay, so he puts his arms around his father's neck and allows himself to be carried like a small child, the blanket still wrapped around him. His eyes are sticky with sleep, so he doesn't open them, but he hears Emily's questioning voice and her father answering her, low and steady, beside them. Then they are moving, stopping, and he hears the lift door slide open, a couple more steps, then the gentle jolt as they start to descend. Several seconds later, cool air hits Tristram's bare feet, and the sounds around him become more hollow: they are in Uncle Mycroft's underground garage.
"Well, yes, I expect you have other people to greet right now. Good luck Sherlock. And stay safe!" She called, as he was already heading out the door, having not waiting for her goodbyes.
It was another 3 minutes before he had control over himself again. He stood up by the side of the road and hailed a cab. It was time for him to go and see John.
"He has a dinner reservation in the Marylebone Road." That was enough. Mycroft continued, but Sherlock had to plan now. What would be the best way?
"That's right, Sherlock. We'll get to see him soon," he promised. "Sleep now, darling." Rosie softly babbled as John put her back into her cot. The noise slowed as she drifted off to sleep. Sherlock could only hear John's quiet footsteps now. He was obviously trying to be silent, but didn't quite get there. He sank onto the sofa.
It took three hours for the plane to get back on British soil, and Sherlock slept through all of it. He didn't have a choice. And it was no where near enough. But he would fix that later. Mycroft hadn't tried to wake to him while he was out. He was prattling on now, though, as Sherlock was cleaned, treated, and groomed. He gave the bare minimum of answers when required. Mycroft paused.
"I-I haven't actually seen him yet. I'll be leaving in about 10 minutes to catch him actually." Sherlock looked into Lestrade's uncomprehending face, and explained further. "I didn't know where to find him, but I have some intel about-"
"Oh, no you're.."He turned his face slightly to the sound, but was not able to stop looking at John yet.
"Yes a little brother," John was smiling at how quickly she had caught on. "He'd have dark curly hair and pale eyes and-"
"I- Yeah she does, she told me!" John laughed in derision, then looked over to Mary for confirmation. Her face was a little to innocent.
"... undercover. Smuggling my way into their ranks like that? The noise, the people!" He wasn't going to be able to get through to him. There was no way Mycroft was going to understand what he had been through. Not just in the past eight weeks, but for the whole of the two years he had been away. God, how he missed john. He mentally kicked himself for not giving John enough credit for his skills in empathy. He lay himself back down, fighting the pain and sorrow now attacking him, looking for something else to cling on to.
"No, I'm quite sure, I checked." He looked down. "Excuse me." He dipped a napkin into water and wiped away the moustache he had drawn on. At the time it had seemed like it would be funny. He couldn't quite remember why now.
"I know he can be difficult sometimes, but he really is brilliant." Rosie gurgled and laughed while John played with her. "Well, you know. You love him too." Sherlock felt like he was floating. He knew John loved him, but something about how he was saying it now... It seemed more than platonic.
The fourth time was several months later. It was after a case, which had been incredibly simple in the end but had taken a long time to unravel. Sherlock stirred as John got out of bed.
"He was completely destroyed by your death, Sherlock!" He was yelling right in his face now. Sherlock tried his best not disappear into himself.
The second time happened before the next case had arrived. Sherlock was much more able to wake up, but still was too late. He heard John stir as he got to his bedroom door. He went back to bed and lay down, hoping that John would start singing again.
. It should have been so obvious! He took a few seconds to berate his slowness before quietly moving forward. He didn't want to startle Lestrade by being to loud. He was licensed to carry a weapon, after all. He waited for the opportune moment. Just as he was about to light the cigarette.
He got up and moved deliberately towards John. When he was in arms reach he pulled him into a rib crushing hug.
"No, sorry, not now, please." Still no looking up. He could see no other course of action other than to continue droning on until John was irritated enough to have to look him in the face. It took a surprisingly short amount of time. He interrupted Sherlock again, chuckling,
"I don't really care, as long as we have them together," he answered. "We'll start looking for surrogates in the morning."
, following me in all of my cases. His life would have been endangered even more than it already was but I would have protected him. Isn't it what I'm the best at?
My heart skips a beat. Wasn't John supposed to go out with his actual girlfriend tonight? I turn around, not letting anything appear, and face my flatmate with his elbows propped on the glass kitchen door.
I get into the living room where a woman in tears is sitting. I sigh half-heartedly, an umpteenth adultery case. John keeps repeating that I'm too harsh, saying to these women that infidelity is in men's from the highly socio-economic class very nature. More money, more responsibilities, more pretty women with virtues as short as their skirts. Simple calculation.
The tone he gives to this sentence is light, friendly. I settle for a half smile as an answer. I was dead certain Lestrade's name was Graham though. Or Gary.
With this thought, my arms stand still, as if they were paralysed. I lock up the memory of my childhood dog where it always should have stayed and set down my violin on its base. The echoes of the second movement of the
At brisk pace, I visualise the press cuttings about HPA's dissolution. When a P4 rank laboratory, and so housing extremely dangerous pathogens, shuts down, its whole contents are urgently transferred toward one or several other institutes which are capable of welcoming and handling such equipments.
Down 221b, a car honks. The loud and powerful sound pulls me from my thoughts. I instinctively cast a glance at my watch. Mycroft is in the kitchen, helping himself with a cup of steaming tea. It is exactly 19:21. On my assessment, John should finish his last appointment around nineteen o' clock. Considering that most of the time he barely finishes before 19:10, that at this hour cabs tend to pass every two or five minutes and that the ride between the hospital and Baker Street takes ten minutes overall, John should arrive any time now. Getting into the kitchen with a fast approaching, I push my brother toward the exit with a firm pressure on his back.
Putting my phone away, I take possession of the file entitled HPA. Lestrade has to look this up as soon as possible. Even though Mycroft's men are probably already busying themselves on this theft, maybe the one hundred and forty IQ point of Scotland Yard could be helpful. Although it would be the first time...
Mycroft's mimicking can be terribly effeminate when he's outraged. Even more when I point it out to him.
John isn't in the room. I take advantage of this fact to hide the file among a pile of some other papers. Meanwhile, our client laments in a far too worn out tissue. When my flatmate comes back, he shots me a death stare. Not only the second cup obviously isn't for me, but I'll also have to be polite and fake being interested in a case I will refuse no matter what.
Standing on my double bed, I'm observing. Images pass before my eyes under my shut eyelids, probabilities, scenarios. A stock of data I can't manage to analyse properly. A month. I've been on this case for a month and nothing. Not a single thing. No news of the Riders or the pathogens, which is quite reassuring but also surprising. Mycroft's secret services are stuck and concerning Scotland Yard... it would be better not to talk about it.
Down the apartment block, my carriage, the traditional black Jaguar, is waiting for me. I take my place on its board, quickly followed by the stranger with his suit. I have never seen him in my brother's army. On my left, Anthea gives me a faint smile by way of hello. Polite, no more. For a reason that is, in my opinion, both unknown and uninteresting, Mycroft's assistant never granted me any sympathy. Likewise for John who always seems disappointed to see his mediocre seduction techniques remain unsuccessful.
My stratagem is working; the hoarse sound of the rough fabric on the wood suddenly stops. For a few moments, an absolute silence reigns in 221b. No noise pollution. Nothing. I would have gladly enjoyed it if I hadn't spent the last thirty days alone in twenty square meters. 19,78 to be precise. Mycroft would certainly say that I'm "nothing more than a wilful child" but I don't care. I only like being alone when I decided to. Naturally. Life still didn't resume its course. Even the cars that usually converge in this rush hour seem to be on mute. That's enough. I want to see people.
John admires Sherlock for his intelligence. He puts up with his moods, strange experiences and his obvious lack of tact. To such an extent that lots of people think they are a couple. The blogger is outraged by these rumors, unlike Sherlock who never expresses his opinion on the subject. The doctor is a ladies' man who never remains alone for a long time. The weak spot of his relationships is his flat mate who seems to take perverse pleasure in taking up more and more space in John's life each day. However, the doctor keeps on accepting everything and remains quiet.
Mycroft inhales lengthily. As if he had been holding his breath since the end of his sentence. He leaves his observatory and lays his eyes on me. His look strangely goes back and forth along my clothing.
My brother's right eyebrow braces itself. By common consent, established with a head sign that claimed to be virile, we decide to keep it down.
As the door opens onto the hall, I can see very distinctly these two names, all in all quite classic, that I can't remember. Maybe because of a loss of interest, let's admit it.
This sentence seemed to burn his throat. It was obvious that he was enjoying seeing me at his mercy to that extent. He owned information I no longer had. However, Mycroft wouldn't grant me such an account by pure kindness. He needed my help too. Evidently.
I slowly uncross my hands, restraining my cold and sharp gaze. One by one, I review the emotions a human being can go through after a break-up. Regret? Sadness? Bitterness? Joy? No, it's not that. This glimmer in John's eyes doesn't match with any of these. Relief ! It's relief. The feeling that you've just freed yourself from a burden. That you put an end to something that you knew wasn't viable.
