“So, you can tell me how stupid the whole thing is!”
“And?”
predictable?
to say is something like, ‘you’re stupidly attractive anyway, so why does it matter?’ but he probably
Especially Tony. Tony tries playing everything off like he doesn’t care; like he has this constant Cool Guy Aura that everyone
“Let’s just say that I’ve been everyone’s therapist lately.” Tony sighs as the cars officially stop. A plethora of red lights shine in their faces. “And that sexual incompatibility seems to be a common thread in my friendship circle.”
stupid crush on his best friend since they were in high school, and yes, it
Something tells him that this isn’t
. Or he at least
“Wait.” Bucky frowns. If she spoke to Jennifer about it and Jennifer is related to
out-of-character. (Plus, unlike himself and Bucky, Sam
“Bruce.”
“You’re telling me,” Peter mutters. He rubs his aching eyes with the heels of his hands. “But I got an A on the quiz, so there’s that.” When he looks back up, he finds Wade already staring at him, smiling without a care in the goddamn world.
it. You have a mansion.” Nat pockets her phone and begins fidgeting with the hoodie strings, twisting them around her thin fingers. “What – you want a medal?”
you ever tell Nat?”
he’s mentioned it a few times. A few
their friendship, Peter doesn’t. He doesn’t do anything
Jen scratches her ear. This conversation is going nowhere fast. “Alright…”
Tony teetered on his heels, ghosting a hand over Steve’s arm in case something went wrong. Steve wouldn’t have minded catching him, though only due to his stupid moral compass; it wouldn’t feel right to just outright let the man harm himself even though he hardly knew the guy.
Thankfully, Bruce returns before Tony can even open his mouth again. He’s frowning at his phone. “Thor was acting a bit… off,” he says, turning it over in his hands. “I hope nothing’s
(… Right? Right.)
“I was trying to get ahold of you,” Tony says. He actually
“He got jealous at the drop of a hat.”
It’s true. Bucky can’t remember much after his third shot of tequila, but in his
asking for dating advice.” Tony laughs so hard that it comes out sounding more like a bark than anything. “You have a
. This is useless and pointless and everything in between. “Stop
Jen pours herself a cup, taking special care to send the man a pressing glare; he keeps muttering to himself, though averts his eyes to his own lap. “You can’t
If the world would just go ahead and swallow him whole right about
“Well,
She ignores any incoming texts, pretends not to feel her phone vibrating in her back pocket. Especially since she’s pretty sure half the messages are from Tony, still bitching and moaning about his lost party idea. He
“Do you really need an
too fast around here. He forces himself to sit up, despite everything inside him screaming to just go back to sleep and deal with this BS tomorrow. Or next week. Or
needs to sleep more. “Natasha? Seeing someone? How do you – what
and DUM-E (and probably Bruce and JARVIS, really) expect(s) something to spontaneously combust.
Hitting send just makes him feel kind of stupid if he’s being honest with himself. She’ll probably ask him
beyond the pale –
be hard to maintain, so it was best to just end it.
“Yeah.” Wade frowns. “But just try and get some sleep, ‘kay? And like, you can text me if you need anything.”
losing. Outdone by his own technology.
with art. Pepper’s always telling me I have a problem since I drag her to
about?” Sam asks, eyebrows raised.
A bright, red
By the bad grace of the universe itself, Peter’s next math quiz just so happens to be the very next morning at the butt-crack of dawn. Fuck you, Professor Osborn.
Bruce hair will be permanently disheveled if he keeps messing with it, but Jen’s not about to
his all-too important ‘
Cliché plot is cliché. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
From:
and I’m sorry. I know you don’t wanna be my boyfriend and if you want to opt-out, I’d
“Uh-huh,” Stark says, finally turning back to Walters. “I forgot why we even came here. Why
. I’m sure there’s another reason.”
it under the library’s bright, fluorescent lights. Because Bucky
Thor chuckles. It’s genuine, though not confident. He shifts his weight between legs. “Yes, I really do. I have a project in – in my history class, and I asked for Bruce’s help because you know, he’s smart. He’s very – smart.” He finishes lamely, his cheeks flushed.
,” Kate chimes in, her tone cheerful even as Clint sticks his tongue out at her. She returns the favor and grabs her pool stick. “Bruce, Peter, Jen – heck, even
Tony huffs another breathless laugh. “I don’t even wanna tell you ‘bout some of the shit Rhodey and Pepper come up with sometimes.”
“You’ve
,” he mutters, though he’s only about 50%
, I don’t have his number anyway, so –”
Bucky blinks. The world is still a bit blurry, his mind still hazy. It’s too early for this, never mind the fact that it’s nighttime. Taking a nap wasn’t
“He’s just – I dunno…” Steve tilts his head, his eyes glazed as he stares into the distance. He smiles softly. “I know can be a total ass. Trust me, I
Steve’s heart will eventually stop beating. It will eventually cease proper function and he'll die. Whether it’s in sixty years or right here, right now however? Hard to say. He forces his voice to stay even when he says, “Sure. When would we…?”
Stark seemed to get it. "You never told anyone that you're Iron Man?"
that he was missing, if the Skrull was acting like him.
"Once you brought us back together, though, things seemed to turn out pretty well," Rogers murmured, leaning over to kiss his lover.
He’d heard from a couple of sources that the small town he was heading towards was trying to do some sort of ritual to keep themselves safe from the monsters that the witch had created. She had been from that town, and Steve guessed that it was probably where he would find her now.
“Please, darling, it’s not a problem,” Peggy said, giving him a quick kiss. “I’ll do that, you just go relax. You’ve had a long, hard day at work. It’s the least I could do as your wife.”
Could… could he have mentioned something to Clint before he left, something that caused the archer to laugh instead of congratulate him?
. Why did they have to lose so much just to restore what Thanos had taken away?
—their face, their voice… their DNA. They become
. Tony flashed a smile at his family, who had all wandered over to join him, before he turned and took the first couple of steps down the aisle. They’d gone for as small of a ceremony as possible, with only close friends and family allowed. Tony had always assumed if he ever got married, the wedding would just be filled with investors and employees from the company, people that he basically paid to like him. But then again, he never assumed he’d be getting married…
The issue was that some of those traditions included
"I'm fine, just get us into that base," Steve shouted over the wind. Tony kept his focus on the base, dodging to the left when someone at the Hydra base started firing at them. The good thing was that, with all of the Hydra agents firing at them, no one noticed when the plane went into stealth-mode and landed near the front of the base.
“You don’t need to be worried anymore,” Clint said so genuinely that Tony couldn’t help but smile. “Never again, okay?”
of the fairytale nightmare.
The voice was still distorted, hard to hear, but being a super-soldier did have its advantages. "Y-you know?"
find a way to reverse it. You don't have to worry about that. In fact, it would probably be best if you didn't worry about it. The less worry and stress, the better."
horses.  There were four half-men, half-birds stuck in the ropes that the guys on horseback holding, like they were trying to catch them... or maybe they were trying to catch the
Leaving them to handle the agents, Tony flew over to where they were loading up all of the technology, scanning it to try to see if it was dangerous or not. Some of the weapons were powered with alien technology, but most of it was just unknown machines that didn't seem to have much of a purpose at all.
"What?" Tony groaned, rubbing his forehead as he took another drink of coffee.
The best thing about having gotten used to it meant that he wasn't stressing about any of it, and because he wasn't stressing about it, he wasn't snapping at his team anymore. As the team relaxed, the teasing started up a little and Tony was able to joke around with his team. Steve also seemed more relaxed—the first time someone tried teasing Tony about the situation, he looked like he was going to murder them in their sleep, up until the point where Tony laughed and gave a smart reply back. He'd missed the lightheartedness of joking around with his teammates.
did could wake him up.
“I don’t know what you’re asking of me,” Peggy snapped, and there—again, she looked just like a stranger. Just for a second. He couldn’t explain it.
“I did,” Tony whispered. He was right, Steve
"I've got you, it'll be okay," a robotic voice murmured, and Steve let himself stay limp and relaxed. Iron Man had him, he'd be okay. He could see flashes of red and gold from the armored Avenger's suit. He'd been worried about his red-and-gold-clad friend. Tony had been sending him off on a lot of missions lately, though if the team needed him, he was always there. It was good to know that everything was fine...
"It might do you some good," Stark said, standing up before offering him a hand. "I'll figure out exactly which universe you come from so that
Normally, Steve would go for a run in the early morning. It cleared his head, got his blood flowing, and by the time he got back, he was able to see Tony in the kitchen, half-asleep, trying to get a cup of coffee so that he might be able to wake up a little. Sometimes Steve wanted to hide the coffee, just to be able to see that adorably cute half-asleep face of his for longer, but he knew that he couldn’t do that to his lover.
“Whatever it was, it’s not showing up in the data, so… things seem to look okay from this end,” Tony said, putting the tablet down before he leaned over and pressed a kiss to his lover’s lips. “Don’t worry Steve, I’ll keep protecting you from this end. Just don’t stop fighting it, okay? For me?”
attacked by ogres at that point in time. He'd been in the fairytale world several days now, and it was really starting to bother him. Luckily, Bruce still had his own mind, and he wasn't just stuck as the Hulk.
of being—but he’s so much more than his intelligence. I've heard about where he has been, and where he's gone... I can't deny that there wasn't an initial attraction," Steve chuckled, glancing out across the glittering golden ocean. "Because there was. He's just... he's nothing like I expected him to be. I knew his father, back in the day, and... I guess I expected him to be like Howard."
It was only a couple more moments before Bucky and Clint appeared, though instead of kissing sweetly, Bucky had Clint in a headlock while Clint looked like he couldn't stop laughing.
"Thanks," he mumbled, and Rogers didn't seem to mind when he didn't let go of his hand. Stark, on the other hand, looked jealous.
. "No problem—you guys know I'd do anything to help. But seriously—I need you to stay right there—those spots I marked out, don't move from them. At all. I, um, don't know what'll happen if you move. It probably won't be good, and I'm not sure how I'll fix it just yet, so... yeah. Stay still."
for a reason. He gently cupped Tony’s face, holding him there as they broke apart. There was still a look of fear in Tony’s eyes, but he looked like he at least understood that Steve cared for him.
It was hard to hear, because Steve couldn’t help but blame himself. He couldn’t help but wish that he’d never been put in that simulation, because they made him
, not like Howard did..."
want to complain about were the millions of questions that Bruce was asking him about his health and his body. Once he was sure that the arc reactor wasn't causing any sort of negative side effects—if anything, it seemed to be giving his body more energy, though it still made it a little harder to breathe—Bruce didn't hold back on asking about anything.
“I promise,” Natasha swore, kissing his forehead before she stood up and put the wristband on. “I’ll see you both soon.”
"I'm not testing it on either of you until I'm sure it's not going to hurt you," Bruce assured them, though he still looked unhappy about being dragged away from his work. "Things aren't allowed to go wrong, that's why I locked you two out of my lab. I don't want anything to even
“What?” Bucky looked like a deer in the headlights, confused but
"We're a match," Steve said quickly. "Buck had to give me one when I was younger—take my blood."
get married? Marriage wasn’t going to save them on the field, it wasn’t going to make a difference whether they lived or died in the next battle. So if they loved each other and wanted to, why
interested in meeting Peter, and… see how things go from there?” That genuine, loving smile that Steve gave him broke something inside.
"Just don't do it again, jerk," Steve said, punching Bucky's shoulder. Tony cast a slight glare at his husband—they were having a moment, thank you!
"How do you feel?" Natasha asked, and while chances are they were saying it to both of them, she was staring directly at Tony.
“I’m here to return the stone,” Steve said, smiling softly at the amazement on Tony’s face.
Tony looked away. "If you knew about my public image... if you knew what I'd done before the Avengers..."
I am right now," Tony replied. The reactor was fine, so he was ready to go. Bruce had gotten him to answer a couple of his millions of questions, and that was enough.
"Tony's got me covered, don't worry," Clint said, muting his comm for a moment. "Thanks, Tony. I mean it. I-I know you've been telling me for a while... but hearing it..."
“And if there isn’t a cure?” Tony whispered, flinching when there was a gunshot.
"I'd rather not think about how
"We should go out to dinner tonight," Steve suggested, looking around. "We haven't got out for a team dinner in a long time."
"Come 'ere, punk," Bucky murmured, and Steve grinned, hugging him tightly.
"Point taken," he agreed.
"On the
something like that to his son, the one person in the world who he should've loved unconditionally! It hurt to know that someone had treated Tony so horribly... and somehow he'd still turned out to be one of the greatest people that Steve ever knew.
, Steve?!"
, Tony wasn't about to take any chances.
—that wouldn’t make any sense!
It hadn't yet been even
"Of course not," Steve said, breathing a sigh. "You made Iron Man's armor... This is the same sort of technology, right? This..." Steve looked
“Papa,” Michael said from the doorway. He was staring at him with those wide, green eyes of his. There were numbers in his eyes. “Don’t leave us, Papa.”
of you—it would've torn the team apart. We need you guys."
moment with Steve, because if that was his last moment then at least it was a
“Tony… Tony… I don’t know. Where is he? I-I have to see him, Peg.” He didn’t want to beg, but it wasn’t that he had to see the man. It was that he
, none of this is against his will. At the current point in time, the journalists were a bit scared of going near him. "I'm just worried that one day he'll realize just how dangerous it is to be saving the city, or the world... and he won't want to have to put up with the heartache if I... if I don't make it home. And if he realizes that soon... I don't want him to leave, Iron Man."
The bullet whizzed past Steve’s shoulder, almost close enough to nick him. Steve quickly put himself between his teammate and the gun before he gathered the shorter man up in his arms and charged off towards the forest.
"It's okay," Clint said, gripping his right hand tightly. "We'll just work around the townspeople. All we have to do is take Hydra down and get ahold of the weapons they're smuggling. S.H.I.E.L.D. is on the way, they'll help out."
Steve pointed out.
For years he'd been alone. He'd been beaten and abandoned by his father at a young age, his brother started turning bad once they'd joined the circus, leaving the two to go their own separate ways, which just ended up with Clint becoming an assassin for hire with the skills that he'd picked up, while his brother became a thief and a villain. Sure, his path wasn't much better, but then he'd been given a second chance by Coulson, and he'd ended up as an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.
shocked that you’d even consider making me new types of arrows, and we had a long discussion about the fact that… that I didn’t think that I was good enough to be on a team like the Avengers, because all of you are just so…
The moment that they got back to the tower later that night after a wonderful, carefree dinner, Steve froze in his tracks. The last thing that he'd been expecting was to see Bucky waiting outside of the tower, leaning against one of the walls. His left arm was hanging limply at his side. From where he was, it was easy to see that it must've been broken. Beside him, Tony froze too, gripping his hand tightly.
over the media, and every time he proved the media wrong. Steve always stuck by his side, through it all.
"That shirt's awfully big on you," Bucky teased.
, or like he was
“Steve?” They’d gone to bed at some time past five AM, Tony couldn’t have been completely sure when. The rest of the team had gone to bed around three, but Tony had wanted to stay up and Steve had wanted to hold him, so they’d just spent a while whispering words of comfort and cuddling on their bed.
to worry about, apparently. It wasn't that long before Natasha made her way down to the lab. Tony was explaining some of the stuff he'd been working on to Steve, just some of the little side projects that he had. He honestly wasn't expecting anyone to be coming down to drag them out of the lab for at least a few hours or something.
"It's okay... I don't know what we said, but everything's okay here, Tony, it's okay," Rogers murmured, and Tony leaned against him. Steve had been the one who'd helped him with his panic attacks, getting him to take deep breaths. Even this world's Stark put a hand on his shoulder, murmuring something to Wilson that got him to leave the room.
He feels the calloused hand on him again. “You are so good for me. You take it like a good boy.” Tony praises. Smack.
Pepper and Rhodey was in town at the same time and wanted to meet up for dinner and drinks with Tony. He said he couldn’t because he was busy at work. The truth was that he was sporting a black eye he could not cover up unless he got a make-up artist right this second. Also David didn’t like him drinking and suggested he drop a few pounds. David just wanted what’s best for him he knew that but it hurt to hear sometimes.
“No, not in almost 18 months.”
“Its an apology. I was an ass to you and I am sorry. You didn’t deserve that.” Steve says and hands Tony the wine glass who gladly takes it. “I thought maybe we could eat, drink some wine and just talk. It feels like I have only yelled at you lately.” Steve offers.
“David, go home and I will call you in the morning al right!? I can’t deal with you when you are like this!” He wished it was the first time he had a drunken argument with David but it wasn’t. Over the last two months they only seemed to fight more and their screaming matches only more intense but Tony always forgave him when he was given breakfast in bed or got flowers  or other gifts from David telling Tony how sorry he was and that he was working on improving himself and he really does want to do better.
“Tony! What’s wrong?” David was kneeling by his side. When did that happen? “Let’s get you to the hospital.”
Steve thought bitterly.
“I am sorry if I upset you but I don’t wanna attend you funeral because of him.” Its quiet between them and Steve hopes that Tony will stay here and never return to David again.
“Ice cream would be nice to.” Steve admits reluctantly. Tony nods and before he leaves he hands him a bottle of water he forgotten to give him earlier and a Twix bar something Steve looked at and then up to Tony and back to the Twix bar. “You always give me a snickers bar.” He says.
Steve slides the green phone and put the phone to his ear. “Hey Tony! Long time no see!” Steve greets into the phone.
“No I wouldn’t be.” He mutters and sighs.
“Sure boss.” Happy agrees without a fight.
“Then we will go to the police or we move across the globe to a shit town in Thailand if we have to!” Steve replies seriously and for the first time Steve sees a real smile on Tony’s face. It wasn’t big and it was a bit uncertain but it was definitely a real smile.
He sighs as he comes back to reality and watch as his family was eating breakfast. Their children Adam and Joanna where looking through homework while eating their toast and bowl of fruit and Tony was talking on the phone about the upcoming product launch he had been working on for months. He looked over at Adam and Joanna again smiling at his children, still finding it unbelievable that they had been in their lives 12 years. Their plan had been to adopt Joanna who had been three at the time then one of the workers had mentioned something about not wanting to split the pair, this had led to Steve wondering what she meant and he got the story of how Adam and Joanna had been victims of a bad home with an abusive father and drug using mother. So Tony and Steve had just looked at each other and it was decided without even saying a word that they would become parents of two. To this day Adam was still protective of his little sister and would never let anyone hurt her or even come close to her if he suspected that they were bad news.
“Just improvements for the next Stark Tablets and an idea for green energy, probably not going to work anyway…” He answers quietly.
“Tony!” Tony froze instantly when Steve spoke louder and harder than he had planned on. “I am sorry.” His voice softens but Tony still seemed frozen, like he was waiting for Steve to actually hurt him and that broke Steve’s heart more than anything because he would never hurt Tony like that. “Please don’t go.”
“But what about the house? I mean I always clean and make breakfast and dinner…” Tony interrupts him.
“Really David I am fine… I am just going to take a shower and we can go to bed alright?” He doesn’t wait for answer and just goes to the bathroom and lock himself in there before David has a chance to catch up to him. He starts the shower but remained fully clothed as he sits down on the toilet letting out a shaky breath. His throat hurt and his scalp hurt. He sits there for a long while just letting the scene replay in his head as he tried to convince himself that David just like rough sex and got carried away. That’s all this was.
that I can't carry my husband off to bed then I'm gonna punch you." Tony could barely hear Steve, but he was still awake enough to know that he was being carried. Normally he would've complained about it—usually just to get Steve to start kissing him until he couldn't talk anymore—but right now he was just too tired to care.
“We’re just glad you’re safe,” Steve said, and Tony couldn’t hold back his grin when his lover kissed his lips. Tony hummed, not even flinching as Bruce checked over his wounds. Apparently he’d done quite a good job at stitching them up.
The first thing he noticed upon waking up was that he didn't hear the incessant beeping of machines at a hospital, he didn't smell that
kiss him. “I’m get you home, and that’s that. Understood?”
Tony could only nod and keep his arms around Bucky, hoping he wouldn’t comment on the tears.
when I told them not to start treating us differently, they would actually listen. If you need help, you'll ask for it—if
"We're on our way to taking the plane down," Natasha informed the team, and Steve smiled.
"Yeah, but I'll be lonely up in that big room all by myself," Steve teased, and Tony rolled his eyes. While he couldn't see Steve's expression at the moment, he could only imagine the sad puppy-dog eyes that Steve would be giving him.
, too. But now... now things were better.
“Steve,” Peggy said calmly, standing up and walking over to him. Mary and Michael looked at him with wide eyes. “Steve, darling, back in the war… Bucky
The flames made him dizzy as he glanced around, trying to remember where it was that he could escape. There was an exit... but he couldn't go towards the red light, that was just fire... Where was he supposed to go?
Bruce helping them. Now that he wasn't there to knock dragons out of the sky. "What do you say, pipsqueak? Should we see if they're over there?"
"H-he's in the facility, a couple levels down," the guy gasped before Tony knocked him out. He wasn't
, was it right for him to still be engaged to Steve? He’d always thought that the super-soldier could do better than him, but that wasn’t something he liked admitting to Steve, since his lover hated hearing stuff like that.
The debate on whether or not he should go upstairs was a hard one. He needed food, and he needed water, and he was sure that his teammates were
"I've been meaning to ask you about that... I wasn't sure if you wanted to keep everything professional on the battlefield, or if... if you'd mind if I said your name—just over the comms, because I'd never reveal your identity if you didn't want me to—or if I... I know that Clint likes to call you Shellhead, and I do too sometimes..." Steve mumbled. He liked pet names, but if Tony didn't want him to use them, then he wouldn't.
Tony patted his arm before he followed Bucky. If Clint trusted him right now, then he was going to trust him.
"I know... I just... I hate waking you up because of my problems," Tony said, keeping a tight grip on Steve. His lover was still breathing hard, his heart was still racing, and Steve knew that being close did calm him down.
at the moment, but I still think you're gorgeous, Tony. Is that why, last night—"
“It’s not doing anything anymore, it was just… just a moment,” Clint said. He looked worried, like it was his fault that it had happened just because he happened to be the one with Steve at the time.
“I’m not falling for it again,” Tony said stubbornly, metaphorically putting his foot down. At least, he
“I won’t, baby, I promise,” he said quickly, not wanting to worry the children. “They’re just talking about it. but I get the final say. They just think that I’ll be enough to rally the troops a bit, bring up their spirits.”
Steve sighed, an easy smile crossing his face. "Yeah... Would you, um, want to go out with me again? I can promise, the second one won't involve any drugs or attempted kidnappings."
It wasn't until the super-soldier started heading towards the lab when he realized what he'd done.
of time in the lab, listening to Stark talking and no doubt paying attention. Maybe he should let his own Steve down more often...)
The sad thing was that, while Tony could see that it was the moment things started to get so much better for the archer, he hadn't realized that he didn't realize that the team cared about
it. He was
time, and… honestly, it was pretty funny, because it made sense why you’d been trying to keep me in bed so much,” Tony laughed. Steve looked like he’d insulted him by saying that he thought Tony had wanted a friends-with-benefits sort of relationship, and Tony had just been thrilled at the fact Steve really
"I'll take him back to the mansion," Iron Man offered, not waiting for a response before he just picked Steve up and started flying him off into the sky. Partway through the flight Iron Man rearranged them so that he was able to hold onto the Avenger, and he would be able to use his hand repulsors to fly easier. It wasn't until they landed when Steve was able to see Iron Man's eyes—he had little slits in his mask, so Steve
Tony led Steve over to the couch and started showing him some of the plans that he was working on. It totally wasn't because he was tired and wanted to snuggle up against his husband, totally not. At first the super-soldier didn't seem to understand that and instead seemed very focused on everything that he was telling him, smiling and adding comments and all around seeming very happy.
“We’re here,” Tony whispered, kissing him again and again. “I promised that we’d be here, whenever you woke up.”
“Tony! Tony, how do you feel? Are you in any pain—I’ve got medicine on the ship, if you need
feeling inside of him was pushed away when his pregnant wife grabbed his arm and pulled him closer to kiss him.
“Guess I should’ve checked the date this morning,” Tony mumbled, feeling like a complete and total idiot. April Fools Day? Of
He was calmed by the sight of Steve, no uniform, just
"Until we meet again," Tony said, grinning at the two, who just smiled back knowingly. Tony took Clint's hand, to make sure that they both ended up in the same place.
Upon waking, Tony found himself unable to move. Steve was still holding him tightly, and Tony was just happy that his boyfriend was still there. He was so close to getting Bucky back, and Tony was so sure that the second that Bucky was back, Steve would be focused on Bucky, and then the break-up would come, and...
“There was a kill switch in the data,” Tony mumbled. “If I tried to wake you up, it would leave you braindead.”
"Not yet," Tony replied. "One more big gun, once that's gone, then you two can show yourselves."
“No, I can make it. You’ve already got enough that you’re dealing with,” Steve said quickly. He loved cooking and baking, but Peggy was always trying to do that for him. Back in the wartime she’d admitted to him just how horrible of a cook she was, but that must’ve been a lie because she was
Tony had thought about it quite a lot. He had gone through the calculations and had gotten Jarvis to run some simulations of what could have happened. Jarvis contrasted the results against simulations involving the super-soldier serum, and together they found out that if Steve wouldn't have tried to block the blast from hitting him, he would've been completely aged out of existence, into
If they had known what he was about to do… there was no way that any of them would’ve given him the stones or the time machine. He would’ve been written off as mentally unstable, not allowed to go on such a dangerous mission that required absolute certainty or else all of reality could crumble should the stones not be returned to their proper places.
“He thinks we’re… what did you call them, Tony, Skrulls? Bruce, he thinks we’re the
“Well, at least one person thinks we’ll last,” Tony muttered. “So I was telling them, and they—they
"Create a portal to another dimension," Clint had dared Tony, who had been grinning like a maniac at the time.
"You're okay," Bruce murmured, hugging Tony tightly. Man,
"He was in the shower when I came down," he replied, happily accepting the coffee. Ah, sweet, sweet caffeine. Sure, he'd probably need at least two more cups to actually wake up, but it was a start.
Wait, that wasn't the ground.
Wonderful. Wouldn’t this just be wonderful.
Steve patted Iron Man's shoulder as the rest of the team wandered over.
has already been exhausting," Tony spoke up, watching Steve's face fall a little before he just nodded and didn't push the matter. It wasn't that Tony wasn't interested—because Steve was Steve, and God did he love that man no matter what he looked like. He just didn't want to tell his husband that he didn't want the super-soldier to see him naked right now. He hated having to see himself naked, why would he want to subject Steve to that?
be done.
"You do have Avengers, right?" the young man who had the webbing asked, sounding worried. He nodded to reassure the guy.
Steve seemed to be the only one who understood that, though, as he excused himself from the table a lot earlier than normal, claiming to be tired before asking Tony to come with him. He didn't see that his husband was just trying to get them away from the table, so at first he was confused and reluctantly agreed to go with Steve, expecting to be heading over towards their bedroom.
hadn't told him that he was Iron Man just yet. They'd gone on quite a few more dates, and Tony seemed like he wanted to say something—he'd even mentioned that he had something important they needed to talk about, but...
As he collapsed back onto the ground, Steve didn’t even try to fight off the werewolf—he wasn’t going to hurt his friend, werewolf or not. Steve froze when the werewolf pressed his nose to the back of Steve’s neck. For a second he thought that the wolf was going to bite his neck, but then… then the werewolf nudged him with his snout and whined loudly.
his father.
“Clint said you won’t come home until you know that I’m me and not an alien,” he said. “So I’ve gotta come up with something that only the two of us know.” Bucky gestured off to the side for a second, and Steve raised an eyebrow at him.
“I’ll check the monitor, maybe see if it can clue us in on what’s going on,” Bucky said, sounding just as nervous as Tony felt. The real issue came when Bucky pressed the button to turn the screen on. The screen
That stupid thing he'd built, drunk, with Clint.
"It's a gunshot wound, Steve. That's all," Bucky growled, trying to push him away. Tony could hear Clint telling Bucky to stay away from the townspeople because he didn't think it would be a good idea to ice any of them.
“I just want him to be happy, Buck. I know that it’s hard to understand… I want him to wake up more than anyone, but if he’s happy in the world that they gave him… It’s not like he even knows that I exist. If I try to make changes to the simulation, it’s programmed to kill him,” Tony said, looking away from his friend. Of course Bucky understood how much he wanted Steve to wake up—
“Steve? Come on, stay calm,” Tony said, starting to panic. “Jarvis—get Bruce, get
"If you see any of them," the Captain said, handing him the sketch. "They're all great people, and I trust them with my life."
him because of the curse.
When he finally made it to the lab, he was surprised to find that nothing was going on. A couple holographic plans were still floating in the air, so with professional ease Steve gathered them up—Tony
“Give me some particles, give me some stones, we’re taking these back,” Tony argued, stealing the Pym Particles off of him before he could even move to defend himself.
But then things changed. Steve started going off for longer amounts of time, not coming back for days on end. When he did come back, he was injured, and there were some nights when he had to stay in one of the medical rooms. Tony usually slept in a chair beside his bed, or in the bed if Steve managed to drag him into it, but more and more often, he'd been heading back to
The moment that the elevator opened, Tony hurried out. "I'll go get Bruce," he said over his shoulder. "Get Bucky to the medical room."
Tony bit his lip. No one knew about that—Bruce had never spoken a word of those days in the lab to anyone, until now, and neither had he. And the dating thing—he
"I'm a
Iron Man. That was the one major issue in his life. When he'd come back from Afghanistan and built the first Iron Man suit, he hadn't told the world that he was Iron Man, instead spinning a lie that there was someone else in the suit, his bodyguard. They believed that, because after all, who would believe that a narcissistic, arrogant, spoiled, playboy billionaire would ever set foot in something as dangerous as an Iron Man suit? He wasn't good enough to be a superhero, but Iron Man was.
still.
The fact that Tony was able to think that about himself made Steve's blood boil. The fact that Howard, a man who used to be a friend of his, was about to
the way those two
Steve didn’t move. He hadn’t moved in quite a while. Bucky had gone from angry—destroying everything in the gym—to sad—watching over Steve every moment that Tony wasn’t in the room, while he was still working himself sick and insisting that he could find a way to wake him up—to…
"Mr. Stark," a voice said, and Tony gasped as someone grabbed him from behind. One of the men held his arms behind his back, while the other one pressed a cloth to his face. "Time for you to come with us."
Tony had to take a deep breath to hold back the sob that wanted to escape. His eyes wandered back over to the still form lying in the bed. Every one of the machines was hooked up to him, including the one damn thing that was poisoning his mind. He hadn’t moved in four days now. At least, four days since they’d brought him back to the tower, but… no one knew how long it had truly been since he’d even opened his eyes.
The Winter Soldier's name was James Buchanan Barnes.
"I told you it wouldn't be long," Steve said, not moving from his spot. Tony watched him, a soft smile on his face. The way that Steve was positioned, based on the marks where Bruce made them stand, was just how he'd protected him—right between him and the ray gun.
with how angry the super-soldier looked.
Iron Man," Clint said, shrugging. "Match that up with the way that Iron Man always left early, and despite being your bodyguard I've never actually seen him around you, and... yeah." A wide grin spread across his face. "I figured it out pretty quickly."
"It doesn't hurt anymore," Tony said quickly, taking the super-soldier's hand again. Steve was all teary-eyed, and he looked like he'd been crying earlier, like he thought that Tony really was going to die. He looked so
He could see the blue of Steve's cowl, the blue of Steve's eyes. He just had to focus on that blue instead of the brilliant fire raging all around them.
when it came to shouting, especially in their current conditions.
and I’m just a normal guy. And then you gave me a pep talk on how incredible I am with archery and all sorts of weapons and you asked me to help you train you because you felt like you didn’t have enough fighting experience to be an Avenger…”
For a moment, Clint’s eyes widened, and his jaw dropped. For just a moment, Tony thought that his friend might actually say
soaked because of it. Natasha had definitely been quite unhappy about the transformation and was very relieved to see Bruce. That's when the group had figured out that true love's kiss saved the day, because when Bruce and Natasha kissed, not only were they turned back to normal, but they also disappeared back to their own world.
"At least see if Bruce can check on you," Steve said, gently taking his hand before he led him over to the elevator. On a normal day, Steve would've dragged him up the stairs, telling him about how much better it was for his health. Today was not a normal day. "I know you trust him with the reactor. Is it hurting you?"
the serum that made me who I am today. But Tony built his company up from near nothing—yes, Howard started it, but you should've seen it back in my day. Most of what he built didn't even work. But Tony... he genuinely cares not only about his own work, but about the people that he helps."
-father, a man he wanted to be nothing like. It wasn't his father telling him how worthless he was, it was someone that he hated. His father had never returned from war, and was still a good man in Steve's eyes. Tony never had a good father that he could think of when Howard was beating him because Howard
a shirt. It's Tony's shirt. Don't you think it fits me nicely?"
Instead, Bruce’s smile wavered a bit as he tried to hold back a chuckle. “Clint told me that you’d be showing that off. I have to admit, it
"I know. I already got rid of them on the way... 'cept the knives, those are in my boots," Bucky murmured. The pained look on his face worried Steve, because if he was actually
Clint defended, though Tony knew that was a lie. Clint had trouble asking for things if it meant making himself happy. He was always trying to make
By the look of his friend’s grin, Tony was unsure who was happier about the wedding: himself or Clint.
"I'm not," Tony said, surprised at how
"I was working on these upgrades for your armor," Tony said, grinning. "If I can just find a way to make everything bulletproof without losing any mobility, then the whole team could be safer. I've got it
know, you were just waiting for Tony to mention it. Speaking of which, why
“You risked everything… for me and Nat?” Tony asked softly, and once again Steve was lost staring into those eyes.
So when he told them he was getting married, on
At first, Steve looked confused, but then a thoughtful look crossed his face. “You told me about him. I remember hearing that name, and it just… it stuck. Just like your name, and Bucky and Bruce and Natasha and Clint and everyone else that I
That was the
He glanced over at Steve when his husband put a hand on his leg and gave him a questioning look, as if asking if he was alright. He just gave him a slight smile. Everything was okay. He'd get through this. Bruce would fix it, and then he wouldn't have to worry about it anymore.
“I still can’t believe that it just…” Clint sighed. “You really think that it was because he was reacting to voices? ‘Cause every time I’m here I always make sure to talk to him and I really hope… I hope he can hear us.”
, not how you look. That's only part of you. I love who you
Steve didn’t stick around to see what would happen, no. He needed to get back to his own timeline, to see his friends again, before Howard could catch sight of him. As he dialed his wristband to 2023, Steve’s heart hadn’t felt as light as it did in years.
Instead of anything congratulatory, Clint broke out in laughter. The archer’s laugh cut through Tony like he’d been struck with an arrow, damaging but not completely breaking that good mood, that joyful excitement.
worried about him by now. Especially Steve. Steve would be completely stressed by now. He hoped that Steve wasn't
“I-I need to find Tony… he’ll be able to explain all of this,” Steve insisted, trying to pull his hand away from Peggy. He was shocked at how tight of a grip she had on him, and when he tugged again—he was a
Bruce was smiling, and Tony got excited. Yes, he knew that Bruce would be happy for him! Out of anyone on the team, he knew that Bruce would be the one who would actually be happy for him. They’d connected pretty quickly once the Avengers really became a team, and perhaps if things had been different—if he didn’t start dating Steve, and if Bruce was any kind of interested in men—then Tony definitely could’ve seen him and Bruce together. Instead, he just had another best friend, which he was thrilled about.
The blast hit Steve square in the chest and sent him flying backward, off-balanced enough for him to get sent right out of the plane.
, and he knew that it wasn't because of the glare on his face—no, it
"Tony," Steve gasped, and for a second he thought that the blond was horrified. Why wouldn't he be? Tony saw himself in the mirror, he couldn't blame Steve for his reaction. But then his husband was hugging him—not with the same strength that he used to have, Tony noted—and murmuring, "I was hoping you'd come out of the lab eventually, I hate it when you lock me out. Are you okay? Are you hurt? You didn't let S.H.I.E.L.D. make sure you were okay."
, especially not for someone else, least of all the only man on Earth that there was no chance of anything romantic happening. Bucky was his
After that, Steve stayed at the tower more often, and Tony noticed how sad he looked. He couldn't help but feel guilty now that Steve was staying home more often, because now he wouldn't be in danger. His super-soldier looked so depressed though, so Tony kept up his search even though he knew that finding Bucky would mean replacing himself.
As the werewolf pressed his muzzle against Steve’s chest, the super-soldier stroked the fur on his head. “You stayed.”
Those beautiful blue eyes stared into his, and for a moment Tony thought Steve was going to call him on his bullshit. But then the super-soldier just nodded. "Let's go get some coffee, and then how 'bout we go out for some bagels? I know a place about three blocks from here that has the best bagels in the entire city."
"I don't know who in your past made you think that you're only worth anything if you're young and beautiful," Steve said softly, "but I'm always going to love you, Tony—young, old, traditionally beautiful or not... you're
If that alien even
It wasn't like they
“Tony!” And once more, another teammate came running over, putting his arrows back into a holster before he wrapped Tony up in a hug.
His blood ran cold as a feeling of dread started filling him.
it. Choosing to abandon the armor in the lab, Tony opened the door and froze. The elevator had
“I thought you were going to bleed out before I could get you to the team,” Tony mumbled. His hands were shaking. “I wanted to kill
Regardless, Steve came home alone, again, and was expecting to just crash onto the bed and cuddle up with his boyfriend. Only... the bed was empty.
"We've got the plane secured," Natasha informed. "Iron Man, can you take Cap back to the tower? We'll stop by S.H.I.E.L.D., get their plane back to them, then get a ride back. Unless you're more injured than you sound."
It made sense. If Tony was Iron Man in his world too, it
"I, uh..." Tony grinned sheepishly. "I was drunk, I don't really..."
When someone grabbed him, he tried weakly to fight back again—he wasn't going to let these people take him,
A few seconds later Tony woke up—Steve hadn’t moved at all, Tony just seemed to
thankful for it," Tony said. "And no one's been treating me differently due to being an Avenger... everyone still treats me the same. I was worried they'd start acting different... But they haven't. And you haven't either. Which is nice, by the way."
"I... I don't remember," Bucky growled. Tony patted his shoulder. While he'd been remembering things from
“So I know you only put in your application a month ago, and normally these things take a lot longer to process, but a child has come into our custody that we this would be perfect for your family. In the best interests of the child, that is—he seems to have developed some type of mutant abilities, and letting him go to an orphanage would be irresponsible due to his… abilities. I know that it’s a lot to think about, and so suddenly, I’m sure you two weren’t expecting that, but I do hope you consider the idea. He isn’t ready yet, there’s still a lot of paperwork that needs to go through and if you think that your home would be the best one… He’ll be ready for adoption in three weeks,” the cheerful voice of the adoption agency worker said. Cheryl had always been so kind to them. Tony gripped the phone a little tighter.
“I’ll take the power stone,” Natasha said, pulling the orb that the power stone had been in out of the briefcase.
“I knew you’d be able to escape from the simulation eventually,” the man said, and Steve faintly recognized the guy. Hadn’t that man been part of the Hydra plot that he’d been trying to shut down? “There’s just one problem, Steve Rogers, the great Captain America.”
“Bring out the beast,” the man shouted, lifting the sword as the crowd cheered far louder than Steve had been expecting. It was a little shocking—these people were all so
Looking up into those eyes, Steve wanted to cry. That intelligence that he’d been searching for before, that
“You’re awake,” Tony said before the shorter man threw himself into Steve’s arms. He hugged Tony like he’d never see him again, like if he let go now he would lose his lover forever.
—arm to grab the extra time machines that he’d snagged, already filled with Pym Particles. “I just need to know that you two got home safely.”
what the souls had told him.
small town and it only took a few minutes for him to find the pub.
Nine AM was definitely far too early to actually be awake, especially since the coffee wasn't done brewing just yet. Last night had been
they were talking about. They were all guilty, and they'd all done things they regretted.
He was safe, his teammates were really themselves and not aliens, and he was on his way back to the tower. Life couldn’t have been better in that moment. If an invasion came next, they’d be prepared, as long as they were all together, as a family. He slowly drifted off to the sound of Steve’s beating,
that he was awake. “Steve, hey—you’re going to get better, Steve, I got you to the team as fast as I could—”
Tony didn’t complain. He was going to get roughed up whether he liked it or not, so there wasn’t really a reason to complain about it. He’d be dealing with this for
“They were trying to kill him,” Steve mumbled, glaring at the IV as Bruce put some more medicine into it. They had to give him high doses just so that it would actually work. “They… they had these plants that made him human, a-and then they… they were gonna kill him. I had ta stop ‘em, I… I had to save him.”
,” Bruce said, though his face matched the guilty looks of all the other Avengers. “April Fools Day? I thought you were joking.”
about that... I just... I wanted to keep you safe. If I hadn't... If I... Oh God."
—he wasn't
"Steve," Bucky greeted, eyes glancing between him and Tony. "...Stark...”
“I came here to make a deal,” Steve said, staring off into the darkness of Vormir. “Because there’s one of two ways that this is going to go. Either I get Tony and Natasha back, or I’m using
Tony's eyes shot open. The fire, the kidnappers, the heat and smoke and—
"Yeah," Tony murmured, though he didn't try to pull away from Steve. It felt so right, being able to hold the other man in his arms. They'd been dating for a while now, and now, with no huge secrets between one another, it felt like they really were
"Oh." Steve looked cautious, eyes wide. He nervously bit his lip. "I'm sorry, do you not... I was told that you... that I might have a chance," Steve mumbled, rubbing his forehead. "I was told it was okay today, and that you... was I wrong to assume that you'd want to date me?"
Wandering over to the large crowd of people, he listened in to what the person at the center of the crowd was shouting.
“Almost a month,” Tony mumbled, snuggling up into Steve’s arms again. “But that’s okay, because you’re back, and everything’s going to be okay. I thought… I thought that the simulation was failing and we were going to lose you forever.”
"Sit," he commanded, and Steve knew not to argue. He let the doctor start cleaning off the blast wound as the rest of the team filed over, crashing down onto the couches and chairs.
"I can create a distraction," Tony suggested, faceplate flipping down. "You two can go in both sides and catch them off guard. And I agree, Clint—keep an eye on Bucky. And Steve. You've got two eyes, you can do it."
“Because the townspeople were going to
"It's only for when you're not moving. It's stuck in place, but as long as you stay here, you'll be completely fine," Tony explained. "It's a one-way shield. You can shoot out of it, but no one will be able to hit you. And you won't be able to move the shield, either. I'll have to disable it before we leave."
Once all of the ‘groomsmaids’ and groomsmen were all on either side, Tony turned his attention back to the doorway. There were only two people left, after all.
was going to be living
"He's just a friend," Steve assured him, very quickly. "He's my closest friend in this century, and... With you, I guess you could call it love at first sight, really. You intrigued me, and I wanted to know more about you. As it turned out, the more I learned, the more I liked you. And I figured asking you out... I'd like to get to know you even better, Tony. I already know that I like you, a lot, but I don't know
, but he won’t pretend to always know what the guy is thinking.  So, when he sees Bucky just so blatantly
want to know what happened, though he can guess. Breaking up
to, right? – Tony replies almost immediately with a “Good job, Pete!” and a smiley face. Tony Stark hardly seems the type to use emojis, but it’s a nice gesture regardless. Peter writes back a quick, “thanks!” and enters his dorm.
(like Peter), just… normal. He’s clearly unaffected by the gesture, which is both fantastic and… not. Damnit. “But I’m so fuckin’ tired of those stupid ‘only 90s kids remember’ memes. Like, shut
Sam only scoffs, waving a hand. “It doesn’t gotta be anything
sees something in Sam; or, more likely – because this would mirror Steve’s
Bucky nods, holding out his hand. She takes it; her hand is soft and warm, a stark contrast to the chilly day. “Everyone calls me Bucky.” He smiles earnestly when she raises an eyebrow. “Steve came up with it when we were kids and it just kinda stuck.” The memory of baby-faced Stevie, all of seven-years-old, struggling to pronounce the name ‘Buchanan’ is still fresh.
finally calm down, she says, “I’m sorry. I really am. I – I just learned something I thought you might find interesting.” She looks around, eyebrows raised, like she’s only just realized where she is. “I take it Steve's in class?”
“Ow.”
“I don’t know.” Bucky turns away to check out another painting. It’s one of himself. Steve
him, so she
It’s not fine.
“Hey,” Bucky shrugs, “I’m just glad you’re able to say something other than, ‘he’s hot.’”
to look toward the future.
idea. You couldn’t have said you were seeing, I dunno –
~ ~ ~
Steve can’t help but smile. He really does have some great friends.
Long, dark hair flutters in the breeze as she practically
“He asked for Steve specifically,” Sam says before downing another shot of tequila. He then immediately sucks on a lime slice, his face scrunching. He's skipped the salt which is a rookie mistake, even in
“Natasha, what –”
“It must be pretty important.” Tony pauses and for a hot minute, Peter idly wonders if Tony’s turned back to his work. There’s no clicking of computer keys or even a thoughtful hum, however; and
“So, you were
as bad from what he can tell, but he’s not looking to buy anything today anyway. He glances at Walters, who seems determined to drink her coffee as slowly as possible, her eyes focused on the dirt-stained carpet.
“Wait, what?” Steve sounds like he’s been huffing helium again. “How do you –”
order something, just to make this trip worthwhile, but nothing looks good. Nothing really stands out. If he were with his friends, he would’ve grabbed something already. But he’s not sure right now, and the barista’s
Bruce is out, too. He’s shut himself in the lab, working on the suit thingy. JARVIS helps a lot, though there isn’t much he (or
, as she feels Tony watching her every move.
He grins, leaning his hip against the counter. “I
be an easy gig because it’s not like they need to
wants Steve. Which he doesn’t. In another, less twisted reality he might pine over him like a pathetic sonovabitch, because Steve
idea.”
There is no reply.
so she can sigh and roll her eyes. But that moment never happens. He just maintains his level stare, his thin eyebrows slowly rising with the painful silence of the room.
Jen raises her eyebrows. “What is it?” It must be pretty important.
Bucky only shrugged, not drawing his eyes away from the screen. It was annoying casual, like he was
Wade’s expression softens. He offers a gentle smile, the kind that makes Peter think that maybe – just
“I sorta – I just kinda blurted it out.” Bruce shifts in his seat, staring too closely at his trembling hands. “But I made it pretty clear that
“I’m really not.”
That’s exactly what he’s doing if he’s honest with himself, but he’s not about to tell
recognize his brother’s laugh. It’s honestly a little unnerving.
“Sorry if I scared you, sleepy head,” Wade says with a mirthful laugh, holding out a hand. Peter takes it gratefully and sits back on the bed. “An 8 A.M.
From:
he has a girlfriend. Why
“You’re goin’ out with Connie again tonight, aren’t you?” he suddenly asked, grabbing another brush; it was a smaller one, the bristles meant for detail.
From:
, let alone the rest of him. “I think it’s a Halloween costume.”
, Stark’s turning his gaze to Natasha. He gives her a level stare. “Natasha. How are things?”
be on fire; not unless he’s caught up in a serious case of ‘wrong place, wrong time.’ The literal feeling must be so worse than anything he can ever
It’s all irrelevant though because Steve doesn’t have
Wanda Maximoff stood before it, nursing a glass of red wine. She toddled on her feet, though smiled and waved when she caught Steve’s eye.
floor exactly is a mystery, but it was
It faces away from the sun, for one, so if he ever decides to take that long-awaited nap – which sounds like the best idea
~ ~ ~
“Lemme see your phone.”
or you’re never going to pass. Just think of it as, I dunno, a
“Okay, my turn.”
“Well, not
and she
remember is waking up on the floor with a hangover the size of Australia.
Bruce doesn’t. He stares silently at the hologram.
Bucky slides a hand down his face as finally lifts his head. This kid will be the death of him. The literal
He promptly shuts it, shoving his hands in the front pockets of his jeans. He surveys the cityscape, the clouded sky reflected in his aviators. “Alright, what’s the sitch?” he asks. “I know you didn’t drag us out here with the sole purpose of showing us…” He motions at a beer can floating on the surface of the algae with his shoe, “… trash. I know you’re environmental and all that jazz, but –”
Wade’s out for a while, though he’s probably out with Vanessa and Peter’s trying not to think too hard about
. This meeting place is starting to feel too familiar; she may need to find a new study spot because
. The café was their sanctuary, a place to escape the realities of university life, but since the Pot Incident (as Jen’s so uncreatively named it), it’s a no-go. Bruce still looks like he wants to crawl into the nearest hole and bury himself alive every time Jen even mentions
The absolute
Shit. No, no,
to do well into the future.
The Maximoff’s basement was dimly lit with only a ten-foot tree and a few lazily strung branches of light lining the walls, so Steve wasn’t even surprised when someone bumped into him. Or rather
roomie. C’mon, Rogers,” he glances at Steve though remains tactfully poised, his tongue sticking out, “back me up here. If Stark were here, he would –”
His phone screen lights up.
Sam’s response is immediate, though that’s nothing new; the guy plays with his phone more often than Steve and Bucky combined:
Bucky laughed so hard he was pretty sure he sounded more like a barking dog. It scared the cat anyway; she jumped off the sofa and ran out of the room.
Manhattan. He’s from Queens, though the last time he set foot in Queens was to visit Aunt May and that was
“Uh, Bucky,” he says, shaking the guy’s hand. It’s awkward, given their angle.
“Well… thanks, I think. I prob’bly would’ve wound up walkin’ back though. I’m not
From:
“Or bitch about his love life,” Stark mutters, failing to hide a smile behind his hand.
Peter smiles. “
Siblings are the
people about his… day. He never
dating. The plan might be working after all?
And if a beacon is sent through time and space
From:
and –”
Peter hums in a response. He probably
“I regret this conversation,” Peter says, flipping his hood up in an admittedly lame-ass attempt to avoid Tony’s eyes. “Just – just forget it.”
Steve’s eyes go wide. He sits on his bed, dropping his face in his hands. “I shouldn’t have showed him,” he mumbles, voice muffled by his palms. “Why did I
her. Numerous papers – most relating to the ideology of serial killers and
turn-off, the fabric certainly is; itchy as all hell just for his
, all feels right in the world. Where would science be without them?
seen Steve at his absolute
talking to Tony, he’s not much in the mood to talk to
From:
before. Of
. “Why the
you.”
Sam only makes a vague humming sound as he shoves at least three French fries in his mouth.
at someone’s head. But then he says, “I need to ask a favor,” and she resists an urge to roll her eyes.
Bucky mutters, “Don’t I know it.”
supposed to be helping Pete with his homework, but –”
. He probably
Also I am aware that Loki's last name isn't Odinson. I just made it that for simplicity sake.
“… I mean, it’s about two sizes too big on
you’ve suddenly –”
now,” Bucky says, shaking his head, “may as well grab some food. C’mon.”
“But you were
“She’s such a buzzkill sometimes,” Tony mutters. He stares silently, looking Peter up and down with furrowed brows. Like if he’s deciding if Peter’s a worthy accomplice or something. “I mean, I’m
“Vaguely,” Steve said. He handed Tony his phone. “But do me a favor and type your address into Google maps.”
Jen nods. “We will.”
you?” Bucky crosses his arms, staving off a strong urge to vomit.
Again Steve almost believed the worrisome voice on the other side of the line, but he knew better. He had the evidence in front of him.
“No one is taking me away. I am with you David. I choose you! Steve is my best friend.” Tony says in much calmer tone. Walking up David and wrap his arms around his neck and pulls him in for hug and David’s arm came around Tony waist.
“Tony..” He groans. Neither of them cared that he had said his name instead of sir, they were so wrapped up in the pleasure of finally having sex after an entire night of being pushed closer and closer to the edge.
“Its not your fault.” Steve assures him. “You have done absolutely nothing wrong here.” Tony rubs his hands over his face and lets out a frustrated sound, like he was trying to wrap his head around this and make sense of it all and was failing miserably as it seemed. So Steve just sat there trying to be a supportive friend. “Maybe we should go to bed and sleep for a few hours.” Steve suggest after a moment of silence. Tony’s head shot up and he looked absolutely terrified. “No Tony not like that! You can take the bed and I’ll take the couch.” The terrified look eased up slightly not a lot but it was enough for Steve right now.
He quickly got up and took the dishes and goes to the sink and washes it of as fast as he can, then he takes the wash cloth and cleans the surface where Tony had been sitting, taking the pillow under his arm while he was there. He cleans the cloth out and hangs it up before making the short journey to the living room and returns the pillow back into its place. He begins to strip and folds his clothes neatly placing them on the couch before kneeling on the floor again, head down, hands in his knees waiting for Tony to come back.
He puts the phone on the counter and continues on with his list and tries to decide on fish or chicken that week. He decide to see what is on sale at the store. He wasn’t picky really. His mind was more concerned about Tony and what he was up to. What if David was seriously hurting him and he couldn’t get out of it. No then Tony would say something. Right?
“You want to know before hand or do you it to be a surprise?” Tony asks him.
“Yeah rub it in my face that you are given a company without any work and you build toys as a living! Unlike me who have worked for everything I have and is still in the same position I have been in for the last four years because my idiot boss promote idiots before me!” He threw the glass across the room making it shatter as it hit the wall.
“Where is he?!” David screams in his face and he can smell the alcohol on his breath.
“Its red and gold. And the metal details are the same as my suit.” Tony explains behind him. Steve continues to feel the new collar; it was a ring in the front, few flat circular surfaces of metal that were connected by a thin line all the way around. It was a simple collar but Steve loved it. It was from Tony of course he loved it. “You like it?” Tony broke his trance.
“That is not true…” He tugs at the ends of his hoodie hiding his hands in them. To hide the bruises on his arms and wrist, Steve realize when he catch a glint of purple under the hoodie. “I can never do anything right and I am never home enough to make sure he is okay.” He murmurs. “It can’t be easy living with someone like me you know.” He was going back to self-blame. Even though he had done nothing wrong.
Simon he knew that name. There was someone in David’s circle named Simon. But he couldn’t put a face to the name but must be important since she named her son after this person. Tony realized he didn’t really knew Davids family and friends like he probably should when they where living together. Then again they rarely did things outside of the house because David needed his alone time and if Tony left the house alone it made David anxious so Tony usually stayed home with David or alone. For both of their sakes.
“What was the fight about?” Steve wonders, knowing it could have been anything that had triggered David to a rage that caused the damage on Tony’s body. Tony at once started to look down at his hands that he once again had covered. The empty coffee mug stood on the table forgotten. It was quiet between them and for a moment Steve wonders if he maybe pushed too far and Tony would shut down completely.
David felt his jaw clench again. His fucking friends never minding their own business! He thought to himself and then he pressed delete on the text making sure that Tony would never see it. He opened the next from Steve.
Tony hums before the cane lands on his butt again. “Try again.” He suggests.
“Tony!” Steve shouts over the back yard when he sees the brunette, excited to actually see his friend  in person again. The grip on his wrist tighten again.
“He is no-body sweetie.” He places a kiss on the girls head Howard’s looks gets stern and colder, if that was possible. “He is just lost.” She seems to buy the explanation and rest her head on his shoulder.
“Then surprise it is!” Tony agrees and steals another kiss from his fiancé.
Nothing.
He blushes when he receives the instructions from Tony. But he will of course complete the task none the less because Tony had asked that of him. Picking up the phone again to reread the instructions he had been received so he was sure he made them right and didn’t disappoint him.
“No! Just like I told you last night! I got of at midnight last night and you are here at seven in the morning banging at my door!? Get the fuck out!” Steve ordered the drunk who didn’t move an inch. “Get out or I’ll call the police!” He ads the threat hoping David would just leave and not cause a scene. But Steve should know better then to think that abusive alcoholics will just give up and move on.
“I know you don’t wanna talk about it but-” Steve knew what he wanted to talk about and interrupted him quickly.
“Green.” He answers honestly.
He checked his own phone to see if the hospital needed him but everything seemed like it was going fine. Damn it! Maybe they could change the topic to Tony’s work. That was far more interesting then hearing about Tony’s love life that didn’t involve him. He was not at all upset about this.
He could hear when Tony raises the belt and bites his lower lip when it hits the skin. six more to go. Tony hits him again, two in a row this time. Only four to go he got this, he tells himself, he cries out in surprise as the next one hits him unexpectedly. Three. Tony was there again with his cooling hand and soothing motions. Only three left he thinks again and he knows Tony he will drag them out and hit as hard as he possibly can. His butt feels like it on fire and all he wants is something cold on it to soothe it. One hit came down. Just two to go, it was nothing yet it felt like it was so far from being over.
He changes out of his scrubs and into his clothes before heading home and seeing as he was constantly tight on time these days he had begun biking to and from work getting his cardio in and is was cheaper than using the subway or bus every day. And it was great for clearing his head after a long day at the ER and it was usually faster anyway. He takes the path through central park to avoid the traffic.  The chilly February air was biting at his cheeks and making his lungs burn at every hill.
“Are you inviting me to your dad’s retirement party four months from now?” Steve chuckles.
Anyway I hope you understand and enjoy this chapter.
His phone sounded and lit up by his side. Fuck had they been sitting here for almost an hour?! David would be furious that he hadn’t checked in! He opened the text and as expected it was from David and of course he was furious!
“Yeah yeah right!” Bucky mutters and puts the controller on the table with too much force while cursing under his breath. Steve notices Tony checking his phone again.
Steve Stark had done a lot for his family. He had never regretted it and would never regret it. He loved his family and he loved his children and would do anything for them. That’s why he had no problem quitting his job as an art teacher when they were younger to take care of them, they needed him more then he needed his job and that was a sacrifice he was willing to make even as his husband said that they could work out a schedule between their jobs. But he knew that would be next to impossible and he wanted to make sure that his kids knew who their parents where and not let them be raised by different nannies and staff. He wanted a family then he should be there for them as well.
“I am so sorry. I should have known he would come here… He could have hurt you!”
But now he had an hour to get some things from the mall. He needed a really good body scrub to wash his skin clean. And as he was in the store looking around for the things he was looking for as someone cleared their throat behind him to get his attention. As he turns around there is a woman who looked beautiful, happy. Quite tall and slim, light brown hair with highlights in it and dressed in a dark blue suit with a white shirt underneath and high heels.
Quotes are from this site:
“Snooping huh?” Steve teases and captures Tony’s lips with his own kissing him softly and slowly. “But yes I would like that very much.” He answers before kissing his fiancé again.
He screamed after Tony and banged the door as if he was trying to break the door and get in that way. Steve unlocked the door and swung it open making David lose his balance and stumble forwards slightly. “Is he here!?” he shouts into Steve’s face. His breath reeking of alcohol.
“I am sorry…” Tony broke the silence. Steve looked down to his husband in confusion. A small smile was playing on Tony’s lips like he was reading Steve’s mind. “For not fighting harder… for not staying around for our anniversary… for not beating this shit I guess.” That broke Steve’s heart.
“What is he right about?” Steve wonders as he put a bandage on the cut.
Steve replies as quickly as he could.
“Yes sir.” Steve gets out. Tony immediately starts to circle around the butt plug in painfully slow motions. But then he pulls out the plug and let his fingers enter the gaping hole and find the little bundle of nerves without problem and started to stroke over there in slow movements. “Oh sir please?” He begs softly earning him a smack on his butt cheek.
“Yeah great…” Tony echoes in a empty voice. “I am just going to take a shower alright?” He doesn’t wait for an answer he just slips into the bathroom and locks the door behind him as he starts the shower with scolding hot water that he hoped would wash away the feelings of shame and guilt.
Steve sighs. Tony was not wrong. And he also knew that Tony wouldn’t let him get away with anything but the truth.
He hears the shower turn off and just waits in bed for Tony to come back to his side.
The smile on Steve’s face was made the whole argument worth it to Tony, because Steve’s happiness would always be so much more important than his own even if he had to clean the house all on his own.
“Yeah. Doubt that it will be better than mom’s food though. But they can try!” Maria came from a long line of proud Italians and had plenty of recipes to show for it. Whenever Tony had friends over she just happened to make four different dishes in case they were hungry. And since it was the best pasta he had ever had he couldn’t really say no when it was offered.
“You are carrying her home!” Tony says to Rhodey as they take another shot. The liquid burned all the way down to his stomach and yet he downed another one without problem! He was so not going to work tomorrow! Rhodey laughs as the slam the glasses down onto the table and Pepper had become awfully quiet compared to earlier and he worries if she was still awake. It wouldn’t be the first time she fell asleep in a bar. Lucky for her they loved her to death and would never let anything bad happen to her.
“He was living in the building me and ma lived in when I was 12. The building was shitty but the people was good and he was a man my ma loved. He was kind and helped out with our shitty apartment, no charge. But a few times I was alone when he came over and ma never worried because he was this nice guy she trusted.” He took a deep breath tears threatening to fall. Tony patted on the bed for him to sit but he stays where he is. “But one day he said that the things he fixed wasn’t free and I was the man of the house and I...” He broke down crying and Tony was there faster then he thought possible and just hugged Steve.
“No he doesn’t! He is busy trying to establish himself as a doctor! And it’s not like you try your hardest to talk to him when you see each other!” Tony replies trying to keep calm but it was hard when someone was constantly pushing your buttons and was certain that you’re cheating.
Delete.
Slowly Tony moves out of the bedroom and to the kitchen where he start the kettle and pulls out Steve’s favorite mug, a big white one with a cartoon T-Rex and under it said Tea-Rex and it was simply his favorite because Tony gave it to him for his birthday when they had just started dating. He hums softly as he pulls out the lose chamomile tea and put it into a tea sifter and places it into the mug while he waited for the water. He decides to clean up in the living room while he waits or mostly where Steve had come over the floor, he cleans it up and puts away the toys and spreader bar under a blanket, in case his friends insist on barging in on them tomorrow. The kettle sounds indicating it’s done, he pours it into the mug and let it sit before going to freezer and takes out the tub of vanilla ice cream, also a favorite for Steve, and he scoops it up into the bowl. Putting the tub back and the picks up the mug and bowl and then he moves back to the bedroom where Steve had gotten dressed in a pair of sweats and t-shirt that was to lose on him, the collar still on Tony notes and was snuggled up under the covers.
He could hear Tony move around and before he knew it the blindfold was of and Tony’s thumbs was under his eye’s wiping away the tears. “Touch yourself until I say you can come. While I watch.” The order came softly. A act he normally would find embarrassing but his hand found its way around his aching dick and started stoke himself. It was almost painful when he stroked back and forth with a firm hand. “Sit back your knees.” The next order came and Steve does as he is told, never stopping his strokes. He whimpers wishing Tony would give him permission soon to come. He moves his thumb over the head bucking up his hips slightly into his own hand. “You are close huh?”
“Let’s get to bed babe. We both have an early morning tomorrow.” David says and untangles himself from Tony. “And if you promise to stay in the bed all night I’ll make you breakfast in the morning.” David says softly sounding almost loving and caring. Tony allowed himself for a moment to believe that David actually cared about him.
“Tony be nice, you know how nervous these things make Bucky!” Steve scolded his best friend since high school and crush since college. They somehow became friends even though Tony had been a cocky asshole when he was 13 and Steve 16 and probably because no-one else wanted to be friends with either of them since Tony was so much younger and smarter than everyone else including their teachers and Steve was a scrawny kid with health issues, which would mostly disappear when had his last growth spurt at 17. He still struggled sometimes with his asthma and allergies but nothing compared to his younger years. Then when they went to college and Tony began to grow up, mostly into his body his mind was still a 13 year old boy. Steve started to realize that he felt something more for the younger man and the feelings didn’t disappear when he started to hang out with Rhodey whom he at once saw as competition for Tony’s attention and affection. Of course he would later realize that Rhodey is as straight as they come and was only looking out for Tony and was now one of his closest friends.
“Yeah its because somebody is not answering my call or texts.” Steve tries to say as a joke but comes out more serious then planned.
“I usually handle family law…”
Steve is not jealous and he does not hate David!
. The dishes where piling up in the sink, he was pretty sure the laundry was from last week and their dinner lately had been take out almost every night since Tony didn’t know how to cook and he was trying to work from home so he could help out more until things settled with Steve’s new schedule.
“Look babe… I can talk to them and make them try harder alright? But it will just be for a few hours tonight and I can stop by after alright?” Tony suggests and the tension seemed to ease up and Tony felt warm and fuzzy again.
“Yeah he was just wondering what I was doing. He has boring paperwork to do apparently.” Steve is informed not that he actually cares but it’s important to Tony therefore it was his job to be supportive and pretend that he cared about what David was doing. He understood that they were in that honeymoon phase and they were probably competing about who missed the other one more.
“David never liked coffee… So I stopped drinking it at home.” Tony admits. “I stopped drinking it over all since he didn’t want me to.” He continues as he takes another sip of the coffee.
It was not surprising to hear that David had raped Tony during their relationship. But the hurt of not being there for his friend was even worse than he could imagine. How could have he not have noticed or why didn’t Tony say anything to him, Steve would have helped him without a doubt. If he couldn’t be there for his friend back then he would be by his side now and support him every step of the way.
The following year when Steve passed his bar exam, making him officially a lawyer they moved in together. Life couldn’t be much better. He had a man who he loved and whom loved him back. They lived in a pretty nice apartment together; Steve would start his carrier as a lawyer and his business was taking off better than he had hoped for. His five year plan was accomplished in 18 months. They would talk about their day with each other every night at dinner and Tony was still in wonder that someone would want to hear about his day. His father had never wanted that. Sure they fought every once in a while just like any other couple but they would always work it out and move on.
“I will not come home one day and find you having shot your brains out or have you leave me because you couldn’t take it any longer. So if you need to go back to work you do that and I will help out more at home until we find a routine. Okay?” Tony looks at him with the brown eyes that had not changed one bit over the last twenty years.
I finally got this done! I struggled so much with this chapter! But I hope you enjoy it even though its unbeated!
“Just don’t Rhodey…” He mutters. “And don’t tell Steve he only worry for nothing…”
He smiles at the questions. So keen on making everything right, just so Tony would be happy. He loved how much Steve trusted him when he was in this vulnerable state of mind, how he could just let go completely and knowing he was safe because he had Tony there to catch him when he fell.
“I know… But I wanted to.” Tony answers when they break apart slightly. “Because I love you.”
“Yes sir.” Steve replies and braces himself for the impact.
One year and eight months earlier.
So when his dad’s retirement party was coming up he was worried. No he was terrified. He needed to attend it he knew that but he was terrified how his family would react. He had lost weight, he knew that. But David thought he could lose some more. He had bruises in varying degrees of healing, but could cover up them with clothing. The one on his jaw was a different story though but it was a few more day until the actual party so maybe it would go away.
Life was good in simple terms.
“Let’s begin then.” Tony stops abruptly with his soothing motions. “Open that mouth of yours sweetheart.” Instantly Steve opens it and watches as Tony pulls out his already half hard cock, Steve licks his lips in anticipation making Tony chuckle. “You just love to suck cock don’t you?” He taunts and Steve just nods. Without warning Tony shoves his cock into the wet heat that was Steve’s mouth causing the brunette to groan in pleasure, he grips the blonde hair and start to fuck his mouth and Steve tries his best to make it good for Tony with his tongue and mouth. “You are such a cocksucker aren’t you? You just love to suck cock.” Tony taunts him shoving his cock deeper inside of Steve. “I should take you-fuck, to board meetings- ahh oh god and just let you suck all the board members and-and ah they would say yes to more of my proposals.” He gets out fastening his pace and griping harder at the blonde hair. “Ohh- you would…” He pants. “God, you would like that huh?” He groans. “Just suck dicks all day!” He pulls out for a moment letting Steve take a breath before Steve attached himself to Tony again and started to suck on the head and letting his tongue swirl over it making Tony groan and lean his head back in pleasure. He takes more and let his tongue move on the underside of him and his cheeks hollow out. “Fuck! Such a good cocksucker!” He mutters before spilling inside Steve’s mouth that gladly swallows and suck a few more times making sure Tony is completely empty. Tony pulls out of Steve’s mouth making a small amount of seed come with him but he put his thumb the swollen lips and push it into Steve’s mouth that suck on the thumb for a moment making sure he swallowed every single drop. “Good boy.” Tony praises and Steve beams at this and then Tony put back his dick into his boxer and zips the pants up again.
“Oh Tony. You didn’t have to do that…” Steve replies.
But the eye’s were exactly the same.
“I mean… you know I didn’t… didn’t…say no and… we are..? eh were in a committed relationship…” Tony stammered, defending the actions of his abuser. “I should… probably head home… I am only making things worse by hiding here… I am sorry I disturbed you!” Tony says suddenly and moves out of his seat on the couch, moving towards the door.
But i can finally say that everything is under control and I feel like myself again and I do have my own apartment now, so it was worth it i think.
Stupid Steve who was in love with his Tony. David thought bitterly and deleted that text as well. Tony just had to realize that he would never need anyone else besides David. And that his stupid friends were only trying to break them apart.
Tony was certain that David was the one he would spend his life with.
“He always said that…” His voice faltered. “If… if… if I…” God Steve would think he was so stupid. “I where ever… to.. leave…” He swallows before speaking again. “He would… would kill you…” He admits in a whisper.
“Fingers…sir.” Steve gets out and everything is still for a moment before Tony seemed to understand what Steve was talking about.
David tensed up. Talking about his family and the business always made him mad. But Tony needed to be there otherwise his dad would never retire. His mom deserved to have some time with her husband and he had prepared for this his whole life. “Why do you need to go? They will only try to break us apart. Your friends and family hate me you know that!” He was raising his voice.
“That’s good.” Tony replies before opening his mouth again. “You know… I have a business trip coming up soon to Japan and I was thinking maybe you can come with and we can take a few extra days and explore Tokyo.” Tony suggest hoping it would come across as a good idea and romantic, they had never gone away together and David had never been outside of USA so it would be a great idea in Tony’s mind.
Carefully he puts Tony’s phone back on the table just as Tony enters the living room with two bowls of chocolate ice cream. Sitting down on the couch again and snuggle up against David’s side, handing David one bowl as he does. Then he starts the movie they were watching again.
His cock twitches at the word punishment and a small part of him just wants to do it so Tony would punish him severely for his misbehavior but the majority of him just wants to be good for Tony so he sighs and tries to think about old grandma’s and socks. It doesn’t work.
“It doesn't! It was years ago I am over it!” He get’s up from the couch and storms out of the living room. Pixie looked at Tony confused.
“I love you to.” Steve smiles. “And thank you for last night and today…” A small blush crept up on his neck. “I need it more then I like to admit.”
“I am not leaving him. I don’t know what kind of game you are playing here but you will not ruin my relationship with David and I don’t care what lies you make up about him.” Despite saying those words and trying to push people away he took her card and hid it behind his drivers license, keeping it safe just in case and then he sent a quick text to David.
When Steve truly begins to worry about Tony is when he receives a call from Maria.
“You are the smartest one I know, you have three PhD and that is three more then I have.” Steve replies trying to ease the tension between them. He was smart there was no doubt about it and once again he press down the urge to kill David. “Tony… How did this happen?”
“I know! But I am working to you know!” Tony replies. “I have a business to run, people count on me for their paycheck and I am sorry that the house has been on the backburner for the last month but I have been prioritizing my job!” Tony moves past Steve and was on his way out.
“We should go away for a week this year. St Barth’s maybe?” Tony suggests and places a kiss on Steve’s jaw.
Tony just shakes his head. “Nothing really, I was making fun of you.” He explains innocently and Steve knows he is lying but decide not to push. Tony’s phone lit up again and Steve is left forgotten across the table. He sighs, he knows he can’t feel left out and ignored since Tony didn’t know how he felt about him and Tony had found somebody that seemed to make him happy so Steve should be happy for him. He should at least try he convince himself.
Enjoy!
“I won’t let them babe. Its you and me I promise.” Tony assures him. He put his arms around David’s middle and hugs him close. “You and me sweetheart.” Tony assures him.
“I love you and I will always love you.” He promises the blonde.
Anyway I hope you enjoy this chapter and kudos and comments make me very happy. :)
“Not just interested they love it! They get disappointed if I am the one babysitting because I can’t do the cool experiments that you can do! Imagine if you would make our kids that inspired.” That makes Tony wince slightly, he had been forced into science and had spent years learning everything he knows today and he is glad knows the things he knows but he hated it when he was younger and would rather been outside playing football or anything else with kids his age. But when he was ten he was doing high school classes in math and science. All so he could take over Stark Industries one day.
“Good boy.” Tony rubs Steve’s lower back softly and feels soft kisses tracing down his spine. “Color sweetheart?” For a moment Steve thinks he can just say red and everything would stop but he knows that is not fair to Tony who was only doing what Steve had asked for and he knew that Tony would never forgive himself if he thinks he crossed a line or missed Steve’s discomfort completely when in reality he hadn’t.
Tony stop in the doorway. “Because everything is always my fault! It doesn’t matter how much I try or how much I support you and your decisions! When things don’t go your way or I can’t live up to your standard you get pissed at me!”
” Steve had just gotten of a 14 hour shift after covering for a co-worker who was late and then old woman didn’t want to be alone after her husband had been wheeled in to surgery and he kept her company for two hours until her children came.
“David!? What the fuck?!” He screams to the older man trying to pull out of his bone crushing grip but gets nowhere.
“Let’s get you home baby...” David begins.
“You are late for work.” He tries as he puts on that fake smile he had perfected over the years when he attended galas and events with Tony.
“Oh you know… same old same old. It was boring as hell and I wanted to come home the entire time.” He admits making Tony chuckle. Steve takes Tony’s hand in his and let his thumb run over his scared knuckles. The scars were from his inventions and his battles and each one fascinated Steve. “Are you happy?” He suddenly asks. Tony looks at Steve confused.
It was just a few of the voicemails David had deleted from Tony’s phone over the last few months, he usually hid Tony's phone so he coudln't take it to work or he simply took it with him to work and just placing it back on the bed side table when Tony was looking for it.
Tony sits up and turns to the table and takes a bite of the food. “This is delicious sweetheart.” He takes up some more food, blows on it and reaches out to Steve who opens his mouth and let Tony feed him. He chews it slowly before swallowing. “Good boy.” Tony praises. He takes another bite for himself and then back to Steve who eats it slowly. “Did you do what I asked for today sweetheart?” Tony asks giving Steve another bite.
That was the straw that broke the camel’s back. In David’s mind at least and that was the first time he hit Tony intentionally. The hand hit Tony’s cheek and the smacking sound echoed in the quiet room. Tony looked at David chocked and scared as he waited for the apology from David he was certain would come.
"I wanted to tell people... I really did," Tony said, carefully stepping out of the suit. "But... I couldn't. A-are you sure you're not mad?"
Having Steve there, grounding him, was enough. Steve would never need to know just how well he knew the man, he wouldn't need to know about the secrets that kept them apart. The super-soldier continued whispering sweet nothings about how everything was going to be okay, about how they'd stopped the kidnappers from the fire who were now being interrogated by S.H.I.E.L.D.
Dragging himself out of his chair, Tony made his way over to the pot to get another cup. Ah, caffeine was such an addiction. By the time he'd made it back to his seat, he heard footsteps coming down the hallway.
test it out, it would be a bit of a surprise.
"It's time to let them go," Tony said, voice low as he glared at the men on horseback.
“Steve, you’re scaring me,” Peggy said, gripping his left hand tighter. “I don’t
to do it without you. So unless you decide to just
yet still so... peaceful in the bed.
. The poor, confused man looked like he was still trying to figure out what was going on.
“You would’ve returned the stones and gone back to your daughter,” Steve said plainly, because that was all he wanted. He just wanted the people he cared for the most to be able to be
"What did I say?" Stark murmured, rubbing his back. Rogers kept him held close.
“And the thing is, Steve,” Tony continued, “that I love you so much… that I’ve realized something. I’ve never loved someone more than I love you, and I never will again. At least… I’m not now. I knew that it was going to be an issue when we were… when we spoke about the future. I know you wanted kids, and I… I was worried that it would come between us.
In his mind, that sounded wrong.
“If they call back,” Natasha said, “I’ll make sure you know. Okay?”
"I just want to make sure you're okay," he insisted, crossing his arms. "You refused a S.H.I.E.L.D. medical exam, so you're getting one from me."
that you guys were able to track me down so quickly,” Tony said, shaking his head. No, this was just another trick. He must’ve… he must’ve said something about dating Steve…
“He can,” Tony said, because if he stopped believing that, then he would be completely hopeless. “I know he can. He can hear us, and eventually he’s gonna… wake up.”
"Tony..."
to ruin our family?”
"A couple weeks ago." The reply made Tony feel a
He thought that he was perhaps... eighty-something, maybe, and Steve? Well, it was pretty impossible to tell with Steve, being a super-soldier and all, but if he wasn't a super-soldier... That wasn't a fair question either, because he still had muscles—not the same ones he had in his prime, but still! He looked like a very fit eighty-something year old man, far more fit than Tony felt. He couldn't
"So, this must be Hawkeye," the Captain said, and Clint glanced over at the two alternates.
of having to deal with her messes. Everyone’s welcome to come to the ritual—it starts at sunset.”
than brain-dead and
"Tony, are you okay?!" Steve gasped, trying to find the release latch on the helmet or the chest plate. Before he was able to get the armor off, one metal hand met him, gripping his wrist tightly.
“I told you that I’d be back eventually,” Steve said, kissing her cheek. “And I told
glad you're an Avenger, I'm glad you're by my side, and I
"No more portals," Clint said, almost sadly. Steve couldn't help but smile—he loved that Tony and Clint were able to do things like drunk science together, but it was probably for the best that they made no more portals while they weren't in their right mind.
obviously had thought about it. A
"I'm not mad," Steve said, because he wasn't. Keeping a secret wasn't going to make him furious at the man he loved.
now. Steve had fallen completely head over heels for Tony ever since he'd met him—he hadn't been sure
"I need you to hold these wires here," Tony murmured, and Clint complied, holding the wires in place with one hand as he lifted his drink back up to his lips with the other.
not enjoy it?"
He couldn’t hide from his family.
“…Yeah, that must be it,” Steve said, unsure why the name was giving him that strange feeling again. Something was wrong here. Where did he know that name? He wasn’t sure, but the name made his head start hurting again. He just had to stop thinking about that name so that his head would stop hurting.
to understand that the team will always be here for you—we'll always be at your side, defending you against anything that you need us to, because we're your family."
short. But now that I have the serum... I'm going to get a long and happy life with you and the team, and then... and then I'm still going to be here. I don't think I can do that alone, Tony, I..."
"I am happy... And I do try to be happy. I've never had a family before, not like this, and I am
He'd always known that Tony was a good man, and he'd seen the hero inside of Tony many times, including during their first date when he was trying to save people from the fire.
Steve nodded, though it was still strange looking at a face so similar to his own Tony's face... yet he was still wearing most of the armor. There was something that he needed to ask his boyfriend, though he might want to wait for the right moment. The instant he was home wasn't the right moment.
The happiness in his grin faded, but his teammate didn’t seem to notice as he stood up, still laughing. “That’s a good one, man, you almost got me there. The ring looks great, though, must’ve taken a while to make, huh?”
fit him. Watching his muscles flex as be bent to grab something out of the fridge made Tony abandon his coffee.
job, but I'm too damn tired all of the time to do that, and because you lock me 'nd Steve out of your lab, we can't bring you food and we can't yell at you to get some sleep. That's not really fair, Brucie-bear."
Steve gripped Tony tighter. This had to be real, this had to be real. But after the last simulation… this
. I'm not trying to replace you." He looked a lot more serious when he put a hand on Tony's waist. "I love
recognizes us, then we're going home. I don't want anyone knowing about what happened."
didn't
to get through this crowd of people.
"I doubt anything's going to happen, but we can do that," Steve assured him. "When's the last time you lost control?"
appeared on the screen for just a second.
"How 'bout this: we're probably going out again tomorrow," Steve said. "Fair warning. Now please, I'm exhausted, let this old man go get some sleep."
It wasn't like it was going to be easy, though. Tony had run into Bruce almost right away. Recognizing your friends was the first issue with this fairytale world, though. No one seemed to be human anymore. Not completely.
Tony, still tangled in the chains, looked up at the man in the middle of the crowd. He was now pointing the sword at Tony. It glistened in the light of the setting sun.
It wasn’t like his hands were cold, because they weren’t. When Steve had been in the medical wing for over a week, his hands had been freezing for the first two days. On the third day, though, when he’d woken up, his hands had started regaining the ‘I’m not dying of blood loss’ warmth that they used to have. Steve’s hands were still warm right now, despite being unconscious.
insist that we move in at the tower," Steve chuckled. Tony wished that he wouldn't act so nervous. He was never this nervous around Iron Man. But if he told Steve that he was really Iron Man, then his leader would lose trust in him, and he couldn't have that happen. "I still don't know how we haven't managed to drive you crazy. We really
Steve definitely flinched a little—super-soldier hearing, even
sleep in the past two weeks?"
While Tony still seemed cautious, Steve caught the glimmer of hope in his eyes as he leaned back down to hug Steve tightly again.
“Friday’s good.” Tony offered a hand to help him up, and Steve followed him out into the main room of the tower. The rest of the team was out there—no doubt giving him and Tony a little space to talk, seeing as they had all been teasing them about being in love for quite some time now.
“Wait, Steve, hold on a second,” Bucky said, putting his hands up quickly when the captain turned his attention solely on the other super-soldier. “The engagement wasn’t a joke?”
. There's only the three of us, together."
“Papa?” Susan whispered, looking up at him. Her light eyes flickered back between blue and green, just for a second.
From:
a sore subject, apparently. Two years seems to mean nothing to Gwen.
Steve expels a long, hard breath like he’s renouncing the weight of the world from his shoulders. Oh, boy. “He said, ‘I’ve had people fall for me, but this is ridiculous’.”
calculus. It’s advanced algebra.”
opinion, but he keeps his mouth shut. Otherwise one of them will ask him to put his money where his mouth is and join, and he is
“Just introduce yourself,” he says aloud, grabbing the sketchpad and tucking it under his arm. “Just say hi. That’s all you have to do. That’s
name though.” He sounded exhausted, like the short walk outside had drained him of his life-force. His face was still flushed pink, though it was hard to tell if it was because of the alcohol or the chilled air.
goes here is a mystery – since he’s
A barely audible ‘click’ drew him back to reality and he spun around. Bucky entered, the family cat in hand. “This little asshole has
Natasha shrugs a shoulder. She also only has a faux leather jacket to combat the temperate weather, though doesn’t seem bothered. “Freezing to death is a bad way to solve your problems,” she says.
“Fuck off,” Steve mutters, though he can’t quite hide a grin.
there’s some leeway, but whatever. Irrelevant.)
She holds up a finger as she plops down on Steve’s bed. “Wait, wait. I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”
Nothing happens. Steve doesn’t lift his gaze or mutter anything under his breath or
Steve scratches his nape. “I know, I
right,” Tony says as the door swings open, “I do have robots, but they’re far from
Bucky rolled his eyes. “I won’t be if you take much longer.” He glanced at his watch. It was only five; plenty of time to still get set for his date. “Y’know, blondie,” he added, grinning when Steve glared, “you
“I’ll talk tomorrow then,” Tony says with a smile, and when he finally turns away, Steve can’t help but smile back.
“Peter, I have to tell you something.”
. For now, he’ll just resign himself to his silent pining. He’s good at pining. He’s
“Sorry,” Peter mumbles, resting his cheek in his hand. His headache has thankfully gone away, though there’s probably a sizeable bump on the back of his head. He probably
Bucky doesn’t even
~ ~ ~
Bucky makes a mental note to see if he still has Pietro’s number in his phone. He also sends a subtle smirk to Sam because
So, I know I haven't updated in literally over a year, and I am SO SORRY. It's been one hell of a year and my (for lack of a better term) writing mojo kinda... died. I'm doing a lot better now though!
Gwen rolls her eyes. “Then why would you even bring her
you didn’t start this conversation with the sole intent on coming out to me. My best friend is gay, Pete. You think I have a stigma against sexuality or something?”
“Can you at least show me what it looks like?”
you.”
Peter scoffs as he drums his finger on the edge of the table. “I’m not askin’ for your life story, Tones. I just wanna know if you’re secretly building an army of killer robots.” Nineteen or not, robots are still
still in here. Mutton Chops and Sunglasses, however, continue to stare straight at
This wound up being a bit longer than anticipated, but I was having too much fun with it. I kinda just crammed two separate chapters together. Heh.
But it’s not like Tony Stark is a
. “I never even
From:
And yes, Steve
The area is quiet. Nothing new. Bucky and Sam are sitting at one of the tinier tables, a pile of books between them. Bucky also has homework, but no matter. There are more important things at hand. He glances back at the Odinson brothers; they’re the closest, though Thor’s not doing much more than flipping through a magazine while Loki scours the shelves.
fall for him.”
, but he’s still a broke college student.)
He looks up to find a red-haired woman standing before them. She looks anything
“Understatement of the century,” Tony mutters. He holds up his hands when Jen glares.
see the dark lines under his eyes. Her heart aches for him, it really does. “What’d you want to talk about anyway?”
Luckily, the student teacher, Matt, hasn’t noticed a thing. Or he at least hasn’t
– must betray him because her easy-on-the-eyes smile easily slips away.
From:
~ ~ ~
He nods, maybe in understanding, maybe not. Either way, he finally closes his mouth and follows her to the field.
on the knees), but he’d live. He’d get to leave school though and pretend that this not-so-subtle conversation never happened.
there. The words are right there, right on the tip of his tongue, ready to fall out. If he could tell anyone, it’s
even top
time to get a bit of work done. “I’ve never made it a point to meddle in my brother’s love life,” he eventually says, “but
. Confrontation isn’t quite her forte. She’s not
“I panicked!” Steve throws his hands in the air. If he gets much redder, he’ll probably catch on fire. “He was staring up at me all expectantly like he was expecting me to be
“Old enough to realize that I’m
“Nothing important,” she quickly says. “Just wanted to see how you were doing, I suppose.”
him. “Alright, punk. Whatever you say.”
“Uh, shrub?”
“Which one?” Bucky grits out. Why do they have to have this conversation
at by almost everyone in the building
“When did my life become a sitcom?” Bucky says aloud, probably to no one.
“And I thought you’d be more surprised?” Peter ladles sauce over the spaghetti, wincing when a bit backsplashes into his eye. Of course. He’s becoming accident prone, apparently. The Gods must be angry. He jams his fork into the center of the plate as he sits down. “Like, I don’t think I’ve ever given any indication that –”
. He laughs aloud and then stops when he notices Becca still looking at him weird. Weirder than normal anyway; siblings are an odd anomaly.
He keeps scrolling.
to know though; it’s obvious from the way his eyebrows raise; he even takes off the sunglasses, spinning them by the hinge.
to him?” Tony echoes, voice actually
about to say anything, anything at
“I’m sorry, Steve,” Sam drawls, his eyes still closed, “I know it must’a been hard.”
.” He takes his shot and this time actually
“Mr. Barnes,” the councilor said, handing him a cloth, “you’re turning into a frequent flyer.” She turned to Steve and sighed. “You too, Mr. Rogers.”
sounds like it.
We can go somewhere else.” This whole thing is awkward enough without heading to the very restaurant Bruce has been adamantly
Tony paused for a moment, tilting his head. “Y’know, I hadn’t even considered that one.” He ran a hand through his hair, further mussing up the already messy front. He was a brunette, much like Peggy, and Steve had to admit that he was a good-looking guy, there was no denying
are standing some ten feet from the pair; Walters is holding an iced coffee, while Stark has a single pair of pants draped over his arm.
Tony stops playing with his computer long enough to say, “Yeah, I was going to ask about that. What
“Good idea, Steve,” Stark says, pocketing his own phone. “I gotta jet though. Just start the chat and I’ll join later.” And before Steve can manage to say anything more – if he’d even be
Bucky wiped his chin. Blood stained the white cloth; he grimaced at the sight. “I’m not sorry,” he said. Or tried to, at least. His mouth was still swollen, so the words came out almost slurred. “Guy deserved it.”
A series of trees line the outer rim of the plaza, adorned with stringed lights like NYC is celebrating an early Christmas. And, of course, there are a bunch of tourists standing around, taking photos. It’s not exactly dark out, as the overcast skies provide
Peter ignores the way Gwen stares, her eyebrows raised as she takes another large bite. His heart skips a beat when Wade’s name pops up again, but pretends it doesn’t. if he plays his cards right, he can just, like, pretend that he’s texting his aunt. Yeah. He’s just texting May.
But he’s
him. He can feel it now already, his soul trying to leave its vessel. His stomach is certainly fluttering enough to send him soaring into the night sky. He wills
“He wants your cousin to help him.” Loki sets the magazine on the shelf and grabs another one. She doesn’t bother trying to read the title.
fall on deaf ears. Sam’s laughter subsides, but his grin does not. “Look, man, I
“Okay…” Steve mutters. “Any reason
A tall, metal door with a keypad lies at the end. Tony types a code and the light above the door flickers green.
Luckily, Tony doesn’t seem to mind. He only shakes his head, hopefully oblivious to the almost
“What,” he says, crossing his arms, “like ED?”
“Yes?”
. His nice, warm dorm. Where it wasn’t cold and wet. “You have your
“It’s alright,” he said with a shrug, trying to seem nonchalant, because if he
Once upon a time, being squeezed next to Sam would’ve made Bucky struggle to think of dead kittens. Now he just sighs and readjusts his grip on the standing pole. He won’t deny that Sam
, didn’t you?”
is enough to make his heart flutter. But, just for the sake of saving face, he pretends it doesn’t. He only nods.
“Man, your comment didn’t even make any damn
“Fair point,” Steve said, rubbing his eyes. “Any ideas?”
. In its own way. Rhodey’s always telling me to be more careful, but science
“I’m serious, Steve,” Bucky barrels straight on through, tucking some hair behind his ear. He averts his eyes as he speaks, his cheeks flushed. It’s more funny than cute, though Steve would be hard-pressed to not find it strangely endearing. “I told you that I’d help you, and as much as I hate to admit it because it’s
From:
From the way her eyes light up, Natasha’s definitely fighting a smile. She turns away, however, before he can witness it. “I thought getting out of the house would do you some good,” she says, and it’s not like she’s
He pinches the bridge of his nose, resting his head on the back of the booth. His glasses fall askew on as he grazes the ceiling. “That
Steve raises his eyebrows. “You’re serious.”
Tony sits with his cheek on his fist, his other hand lazily draped over the steering wheel. He’s scowling, amber eyes narrow. “We’ve been sitting in the same goddamn spot for, like, what – twenty minutes now? Would you say twenty minutes?”
aunt, as far as he’s aware, but that’s not important. His phone goes off, May’s name blinking on the screen. He groans, rolling his eyes, though forces a smile when he answers. “Oh, hey. Hey, May. How – how’s things?”
to seem nonchalant; his eyes are on the page, but they’re glossy, unseeing.
museums and such.” He rolls his eyes. “I mean,
But then Tony smiles, his entire face lighting up. Steve’s heart skips a beat.
, like Fury’s given him another laboratory to play around with. “Don’t give up so easily, Pete.” His gaze briefly diverges as he glances at the computer screen where another series of numbers pop up; Peter takes this moment to drag a hand through his hair.
He’s pouring over a series of blueprints that are scattered over DUM-E’s table, along with an entire pack of ballpoint pens. The lab still seems more lively than usual though, probably because Bruce doesn’t
Steve ever wants to talk about.
~ ~ ~
It takes Peter far too long to realize that Wade sounds a lot closer than before. Like, really, really close. Lazily, he peeks open one eye to find Wade laying right next to him, their faces only inches apart.
He did seem less out of it than before, speaking more slowly and deliberately. His words didn’t slur together quite as much.
state that he is
When Bucky finally feels brave enough to uncover, Steve's already handed over his phone. Probably after making sure that Stark doesn’t see any texts relating to the punk’s ridiculous crush. Not that Stark
Peter frowns as he steps through the door. That’s kind of lame, but as long as there are
“And I kinda – I told him.”
From:
“Why don’t
She’s wiping her eyes with the back of her hand. Oh, no.
“Alright then,” Bucky says with a sigh. This should be good. “Go ahead. Lay it on me.”
it. “He’s a student teacher now.” Which is a little awkward, but it’s not like Bucky’s signing up for chemistry class.
Peter almost chokes on his drink. He sputters, trying to ignore both the way everyone’s looking at him,
ideas don’t wind up literally blowing up in his face – the last party I went to was Christmas, I believe?” He strokes his goatee, staring thoughtfully at the ceiling.
“You gonna order somethin’, bub?” the guy asks. Or rather… grunts. His voice is gruff, much gruffer than it probably
Becca gestures to another piece with a flick of her wrist. “We can’t all be Steve’s golden boy,” she says, rolling her eyes.
Steve winces, though he expects this. He can’t expect his ex to stay single forever. He writes back,
. “It’s nice to bitch in person, though if I whine too much, just lemme know and I’ll stop. Maybe.”
He only clears his throat again and takes Tony’s hand. “Uh, Steve. Steve Rogers.” Tony’s hand is calloused, far from soft. Not that Steve expects any less. The guy
“Maybe on the
Jesus Christ.
(She thinks it has more to do with a
two stories high anyway. He’d…
Kate loudly snorts into her sleeve, causing Clint to break his concentration. He also slips, sending the ball flying off the table entirely. It lands with a loud
should feel honored, it’s you. I am
because he used to
“In class, my ass,” he mutters. Still, he pockets his phone and glances up again. Tony still hasn’t left, though he’s now pacing beneath the trees. “You can do this, Steve. You can definitely do this.”
home –”
Tony side-eyed him. “
What the hell? Steve reads the message a few times over. Sam obviously isn’t
Bucky didn’t drop his hand even as the principal motioned for them to enter her office, and Steve didn’t seem to mind.
ask. He asked if you and I had ever – you know – because we spend so much time together and –”
a problem.” Sam picks up his phone, swiping along the screen at breakneck speed. “However, I may have an idea.”
Rebecca could be a
It always did.
puts it) relationship is killing him inside. By the slight tilt of his head and raising of his too-bushy brows, Bucky would assume that he’s more… confused, and wondering what the hell Bucky’s deal is?
“What?” Peter blinks out of his reverie. “Yeah?”
“What the hell?” she mutters.
He takes a breath. She reaches up to tie her hair back.
“Luckily I’m right up the street.” Tony wiped the windshield with his sleeve. “This is the Parkers’ place. They’re
. That just because he’s tall and well-built – the gym
, her smile so ineffectively fake.
“Venue implies we’re in a band,” Sam says, glancing back at his phone.
a mansion. Guest rooms galore!”
, exactly, but –” Steve looks around. Predictably, they’re being stared at. They’re being outright
“I do, it’s just… dead.”
Sam clicks his tongue. “Same goddamn difference.”
From:
of embarrassment is almost unbearable
Bruce scoffs, avoiding everyone’s eyes. “Tell me about it.”
Peter rolls his eyes, though doesn’t argue.
to the school lab.
. Nat thinks we should go ahead and pretend to date to make Tony
they are at least –” Granted, Wade doesn’t really go out of his way to
love with him – but still. That is a
because even the sound of silence can be deafening. “Bruce and
“Hey,” he says. The laces are too tight, his feet aching, but he ignores it. He’ll loosen them later if need be. For now, he joins her at the doorway; she’s not even technically inside the room, her feet planted on the hallway carpet.
math? Like, is there a fandom for
“Wait, lemme rephrase that.” He shakes his head and folds his arms so he won’t wind up ripping his own hair out. He’s already going to go grey; no need to go
“Party it is then?” Sam says with a wide grin. He claps his hands. “We just gotta get a place, a
at someone for hours on end
explain why Thor called us the Science Bros. I thought he was just coming up with a fun nickname.”
“Right!” Becca flashes a grin, which a little
“If you’re sure.”
about it.
“He’s – he’s not
~ ~ ~
“My eyes are green,” Bucky said with a shrug.
Laura opens her mouth. No sound comes out.
farce. “For uh, music-wise, I mean. I need some study tunes?”
Sam shakes his head, though doesn’t stop grinning. He
Jen offers a smile of her own, though she knows it looks fake. It
Steve, however, doesn’t seem bothered; he introduces himself easily with a simple nod.
. They’re going between staring at him and glaring at each
. It’s probably just not as big as you’re expecting.” Tony grabs shifts Peter’s homework back to him, and hands him a pencil. “Now, c’mon. You said you needed help, now let me help. You probably have a quiz soon.”
awkward than they're already going to be; not that she expects him to
“Uh, look,” Tony says, turning on the heater. A blast of cool air shoots through the vents, though he seems nonplused. He seems much more concerned with the steering wheel, considering how hard he’s staring at it. “I really did need to talk to you about something.”
crush on him for
She doesn’t answer. When he looks back, she’s already staring at him, her face blank. “You’re joking, right?” she says.
or something?”
key.”
well, but Bruce is… Bruce. The breakup is clearly still an open wound, though it happened weeks ago. No need to rub anything on it, even if it
She still strolls over, however, leaving her things. Loki Odinson stands just out of frame, nonchalantly flipping through a magazine entitled
, in particular, struck him as… special?” She shrugs a shoulder, her eyes skimming just about everything in the room
May supplies.
“Abou?”
you okay?” Gwen asks.
followed by the Barnes’ address remained mostly untouched.
“I am so sorry,” she whispers, cheeks flushing, “I should have – Just have a good day. I’m sorry.” She quickly turns back to her workstation, her eyes fixed on anything that
“I guess.” Steve drops his face in his hands.
infatuation. He doesn’t even
good archers; the wind has done little to throw off their aim, or even the trajectory of their arrows. He can’t deny for one moment that they’re not good at what they do, having watched them practice shooting for the better part of the last hour.
“That’s not important though,” Peter says, glancing at the papers again. Tony’s really gone all out with these plans; he has a separate schematic for each bit of his suit. “Who cares what everyone else thinks?”
Kate lays a hand on his shoulder, her smile faint. “We should start cleaning up,” she says, motioning toward the targets. “It’s getting dark.”
“Nah, that was the guy Steve slept with after he and Peggy broke up,” Sam cuts in, and Bucky doesn’t miss the few curious stares this garners. Maybe they
bad.” Steve fiddles with the edge of his T-shirt. “A little – I guess a little rough around the edges, but –”
Swallowing pride takes some getting used to, it seems because as much as Bucky doesn’t
hardly seemed
“I mean,
a necessity, though he’s pretty sure Jen wants to spend
Steve smiles sadly at the screen. They’ve been broken up nearly two years now and it still sort of feels like he’s treading on thin ice just by
“Bruce wouldn’t’ve gone for that,” Clint says, setting up the table again. “I mean, he and Nat broke up weeks ago, but I guarantee he still wouldn’t be happy with Tony inviting his
“He dyes it, thanks much,” Steve mutters.
“You’re friends with Tony Stark, right?” The question is so out of the blue that Steve almost jumps. Just hearing the
“You jumped worse than
Beyond the tacky pumpkins – and there are more superhero-themed ones, like Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Aquaman, among others – fake cobwebs adorn just about every nook and cranny available; half of them are spray painted an obnoxious highlighter green, realism be damned.
“He’ll come around to it,” she says, as if it
Their eyes meet and she quirks her brows; the tiniest wrinkle bridges the gap. It’s almost cute. Almost. Really, she just looks more agitated than anything and for the life of him, he doesn’t know
about it. You’ve been friends for, like, your entire life.”
“I mean, maybe if Stark feels
Steve was frowning at his lap. “I can’t always have you fight my battles for me, though,” he mumbled, fidgeting with the hem of his sweater. It was also splattered red, though Bucky was sure it was more of Rumlow’s blood than his; Steve was barely even bleeding.
Bucky rolls his eyes. “That sounds like a bunch of unnecessary steps. Why can’t we just go talk to Banner directly?”
Bucky’s his best friend. His partner-in-crime. His right-hand man. Someone who will always be there for him, no matter what. He
“Five bucks says Stark told him that he was sorry to hear the news,” Sam says with a sigh.
From:
semblance of light, but the camera flashes are enough to make Peter wince.
. (Not that Bucky couldn’t
Bucky stares at her for a moment. Somewhere underneath the cool facade, an evil mastermind lurks. He hasn’t had the idea to make someone genuinely
“Are – are you messing with me?” No one is standing in the corner with a microphone as far as he can
, Steve would
, y’know.”
disclosed his sexuality to people outside of his close-knit circle. So really, only Bucky, Sam, and Natasha know
been avoiding him lately, so he half-expects the guy to leave without even so much as a parting word. So much for not making things
you to help me, Pete,” he says, eyebrows raised. “If you’d rather start on our study session, I understand. I know pre-cal ain’t exactly the height of excitement or anything, but –”
Beth is by their side in an instant, a full pot of coffee in hand; steam rises out of the spout. “No homework today?” she says with a bright smile. She doesn’t even bother pouring a cup; she just sets the entire pot in the center of the table.
From:
Tony shakes his head. He also has a catalogue of deep crevasses under his eyes, but his wide-eyed, almost wild expression betrays nothing. He probably hasn’t slept in
Peter doesn’t bother trying to argue. He only nods, glancing back at the crazy man in the black hoodie. The dude’s still talking to himself.
Beth. She doesn’t even seem surprised, honestly, just mildly annoyed as she continues writing the drink orders. Like she deals with this sort of thing far too often. “
. “Oh, my God. Everything
smart. Plus, his response wouldn’t even make sense if he did.”
and thought I had green eyes. Jesus Christ.”
Bucky rolled his eyes. He already felt a little better. Steve had that effect on him, he supposed. “I dunno, he was weird.”
Still, though – he’s not much in the mood for apologies. “I know, but now this whole thing might be for nothing.” His words come out much ruder than he knows they should. “Sam thinks we could use this or whatever, but I’m not about to let Steve go on a goddamn pity date.”
. Now’s not the time for spilling everything to Peggy though.
. The pot goes flying, landing some five feet away. It shatters on impact, splattering the undrunk coffee all over the nearest patrons. And Beth.
~ ~ ~
“Then who –” Tony pauses to scratch his beard and then, very slowly, a dawning look of realization crosses his face. If they were in a better-lit room, she’s pretty sure she’d also watch the color drain. “Wait. James.
have gotten a bit more difficult to handle since he and Bucky are
Just hearing his roommate vaguely hum makes Peter want to leap out the window. They’re
“My brother is under the impression that your cousin is involved with Tony Stark. Is that true?”
Tony dramatically fists the front of his shirt in faux-anguish. “How old do I
Of course.
‘Why Me?’ energy. He stares at Stark, wide-eyed for a good ten seconds before finally asking, “What for?”
“What?”
~ ~ ~
Bucky stretches his legs out over Sam’s bed, holding his phone well above his head. What the actual fuck is Stark on about
admit Manhattan has over Queens.
Steve quickly shook his head. “Stay here, have some fun. It’s not too far a walk. Think I gotta clear my head.” He glanced at the window. Snowflakes fell from the sky, splattering the glass; he’d never been really keen on the winter months, but it wasn’t
at him is a miracle unto itself. He can’t just sit here and
date each other?”
“Yeah, yeah, I know the deal,” Peter mutters, tugging on his backpack straps; the worn edges are fraying, dangerously close to coming apart altogether. He’s had this bag for far too long. “Don’t touch anything. Don’t –”
From:
“Steve. Come
than you, y’know.”
“I believe that this is yours,” she says, handing it over with a smile.
~ ~ ~
It’s not that Bucky isn’t familiar with Steve’s shortcomings. He is. He
“No, no,” he says quickly, rubbing the back of his poor, hopefully not bleeding, head. He gratefully takes Gwen’s hand and she pulls him back up. “This isn’t necessary –”
“You’re a smart kid, Pete.” Jen mops the paper with her own (noticeably
“Maybe Bruce is home,” Tony muttered to himself, still digging through every possible pocket. His leather jacket, however, only had two pockets from what Steve could
The whole avoidance thing actually hinges on making things
Steve bites the inside of his cheek to stop himself from saying something stupid. Because what he
Jen tries not to smile. She covers her mouth with her hand and quickly looks back at her homework. Somehow, though, criminal justice doesn’t seem
“How long we been sittin’ here?”
up to his mansion for the weekend is still a mystery, but whatever. Unimportant.
A common problem, really. Peter’s become an accessory in all this, too.
When their food comes, he only picks at it, slowly piling his fries in a corner of the paper basket.
“Be my guest, Rogers.” Sam motions to Tony, Banner, and Walters again with a large sweep of his hand. “Just go right up, like our young friend, Peter Parker, and sit there. Uninvited.”
for it.”
Bucky’s face twists into a smirk. It’s a familiar expression; far
Peter’s heart almost stops, and he quickly exits out of YouTube, switching to his messages. He swallows, hard, ignoring the stares of the baristas. Other customers are here now – maybe only a few, equally exhausted college kids, who might
,” he says loudly. “Y’know, where it’s
feel like the world’s worst best friend. Thinking of all the times he casually mentioned one of his hookups or dates or the number of times he brought Matt back to the house –
worse than it needs to be.”
“I mean, I guess I can’t really
It’s not like we need to
be careful. Just – just don’t
Mr. Tessaro waves the paper in his face. “Please.”
best friends, once upon a time. Because he'll
Right now, however, is not the time for smacking.
Realistically, he
(Love Triangles aren’t really his thing. Too cliché.)
“Hey, uh – can I ask you something?”
, and already Bucky wants to fling himself into the Atlantic Ocean. Yes, he and Steve have been friends for more than half their lives. Yes, to the average outsiders – who honestly just need to mind their own, fucking business – they
~ ~ ~
Clint ignores him, though Kate glances over.
, he hasn’t exactly
headache.”
noticed his little panic attack. “Is traffic usually this bad?” he asks.
“So, you’re definitely Steve Rogers and you’re definitely dating someone named James Barnes,” Tony flatly states. “Correct?”
“I knew it!” Sam slaps the edge of the table. It’s loud in the quiet lull of mid-afternoon. A few people send them pointed glances, including Thor and Loki, but most people have headphones on and remain oblivious to the interruption. Thor returns to his magazine in an instant, his big, blue eyes glossy as he skims paragraphs; he’s clearly only here to keep Loki company, nothing more.
“We’ve been doing
“You too?” Jen chuckles.
The only reason I even agreed to see her was to get over
He’s not holding his breath on that one.
“Uh, everything okay?” Wade hesitantly asks, setting a plastic shopping bag on the bed.
It was impossible
Becca taps her chin. Siblings are literally the
“You’re
Gaining permission to enter
“Wellll,” Sam swipes some more, tilting his head as if it helps him see the screen better, “I room with Clint Barton, who’s best friends with a girl who is
. All Peter has is, well...
“Anyway, my point is,” Bucky waves a hand, his grin growing more pronounced, “I think Nat’s right. Jealousy is a good way to get Stark to notice you. A bit juvenile, sure, but I dunno – it might be fun.”
“He’s right though,” she says afterward, absently rubbing her arms; the cold seems to be finally settling in. “Tony’s been avoiding me, too. Probably just out of loyalty to Bruce or some bullshit.”
anyway. He could probably take a nap, and no one would even notice. Half the people in here are already in their PJs, so the idea isn’t
. Maybe? (Probably not.)
Unfortunately, Natasha doesn’t seem quite as excited by this turn of events. She just takes a large bite out of her granny smith and turns back to Steve. Or rather, turns to the side of Steve’s head since he’s too busy staring at something across the way.
At that, Tony looks back up and grins; it seems forced, but Steve will take anything he can get at this point. “Yeah, of course. I told Pete I’d help him with something anyway.” He stands and wipes his hands on his jeans. “It was nice meeting you, Steve. I might have to take you up on that studio invitation.”
and Bucky isn’t going to stand back and watch his best friend fall into Unrequited Love Land any further than he already has.
about to say anything, however, he doesn’t get to find out because she slides forward too far and falls, yanking Peter right down with her.
,” he chokes, “I was totally kiddin’, but you
“Calm yourself, Rogers,” Natasha pipes in, seemingly popping in from nowhere. She sits next to Bucky, resting her head on his shoulder. “We’ll think of something.”
anyway, and never
go flying into oblivion. “We can’t have a party if we have nowhere to
to make sure he’s in a good place. Especially when hanging out with
?” He flitters a hand at the air, drawing attention from the wait staff at the front. They begin walking toward the table until he shakes his head.
on the agenda, but Natasha insisted on leaving after the little shop incident with Stark and Walters. “Steve, I
relief that floods Steve’s senses. “Not anymore anyway,” he says, staring somewhere in the distance. “We dated, like – two years ago now? I think?” He runs a hand through his already messy hair. “Decided we’re better friends.”
Wow, I can't believe the response this has already gotten! :) Thank you so much everyone!
Bruce, bless his heart.
happen.
because it’s just not important in the grand scheme of life.
seen him drunk are Bucky and Peggy. No need to get smashed in front of anyone else.
a lie.
“Well, I appreciate you waiting with me,” Tony continued, thankfully oblivious to… everything, “I know you wanted to get home, so thanks for not making me freeze.” He smiled serenely, staring straight ahead. The windshield fogged up again, so he wasn’t staring at much; but he seemed pleased, regardless.
completely deplete its seemingly
early though. She has a life, after all, and a life that includes
a shot. He’s not planning on getting drunk or anything, but a nice buzz
“I see no robots,” he mutters, giving the area a quick sweep.
warm, though he’d sooner chop off his left leg than admit
“No.” Bucky allows his phone to fall to the floor and rubs his temples. Why. Just why. What is his life becoming? He’s only twenty-three for fuck’s sake; he’s gonna go prematurely grey at this point. “I’ll do it.”
There’s a sort of buzzing in his head like he’s back at the bar, drunk on 100 shots of whiskey and singing showtunes into a shot glass. (Which Bucky luckily
Stark’s eyes barring into the side of his skull.
From:
kind of hat to help stop the
And yes, he
drop-off. He folded his arms as he watched Tony’s face go from relieved to ‘oh shit’ in a millisecond. “You don’t have your phone either, do you?”
needing
"Well, shit."
“The most important meal of the day!”
. About anything. College students literally could
Tony frowned. It was a small and subtle, but it was definitely there. “I sorta regret going myself, and not just ‘cause of the impending hangover.”
“We?” Tony questions.
“That’s okay. We will figure this out just like everything else.” Steve seemed to calm down.
“Tell me the truth and make it easier for yourself.” Tony encourages yet his voice is stern and Steve knows that he means that the punishment will be less. Another bite of food came into his mouth giving him a second to think.
They had been together for six years and they had agreed that it would just be the two of them. Maybe a dog but certainly no kids! They had been mature people and talked it through and he had given Steve an out if he wanted kids in his future he would understand it. Kids was too big of a thing to compromise on and Tony had understood that but Steve had said he was fine without kids and had no problem with it being just the two of them and they had been great for the last five years but today when they had been attending a charity event a reporter had asked them about kids he went for his ordinary “We don’t want kids” and usually they said it union but there was a different answer from Steve’s mouth today catching him very of guard “We are thinking about it.” Tony had looked at him with confusion before getting his composure together and laughed slightly “We will discuss it later I guess.” But there was nothing to discuss. They had this discussion already and had made a decision. No kids.
“I’ll think about it…” He gets out barley a whisper. “When did you know he was bad news?” Tony suddenly asks.
“I am fine… Just next time let me decide the pace okay?” He tries to smile to hide his panic and fear.
“Yes Sir.” He gets out.
“I pretend to be so smart but really not smarter than anyone else.”
He had said once in treatment and Steve had just looked at him confused.
“No you didn’t!”
“If you had obeyed orders I would have gladly touched you until you came, in fact that was my plan for tonight so you only have yourself to blame for this.” Steve groans again and tries to angle his hips, which was impossible in this thing, to get more out of the touch earning him another smack on the butt. “Behave!” Steve whimpers but stays still. He didn’t have to make it worse for himself right now. “So tell me sweetheart what were you thinking when you touched yourself like this?” Tony never stops moving the fingers over his prostate.
“Hey, did you have dinner?” Steve wonders.
He pulls out the plug leaving the hole empty and gaping wanting to be filled by Tony. But Tony of course just has to tease and mess with him and fucks him slowly with two fingers and brush against the prostate making him shift back against the fingers wanting more than he was getting. “You are so greedy sweetheart.” Tony taunts him and he can only groan in response. Because he was right now he just wanted Tony to put his dick inside him and fuck him senseless. “But I have never been able to say no to you.” He unzip his pants and moans when, at least what Steve assumes is when he puts lube on himself and then enters him in full force holding himself steady on Steve’s hips and start moving angling himself so he brushes over his prostate with every move. “Come like this or don’t come at all.” Tony informs him and he is so grateful for the permission. He start to arch his back to Tony could have better access and actually hit his prostate more. “Fuck you are so hot like this.” He clutches the desk wanting this to last as long as possible but it was hard when he had been so close all night and just wanted to come.
“Is it David?” Rachel asks softly, not accusing or judging. Like she knew and understood what he was going through.
“Well Howard and Maria invited me and I said yes. We have always been close. I used to make sure Tony stayed out of trouble.” He says remembering the old times.
Feeling pleased with himself he attach his mouth back onto the cock and start to suck and take it deeper, he feels how David tangles his hands into his hair and tugs slightly wanting him to go deeper, he relaxes his throat and push him almost all the way down before going up again for air. Deep throating wasn’t his strongest suit but would do it to the best of his abilities if it pleased his partner.
“I told you it would be a nice time.” He tells David when they are alone for a moment. “People love you.” He ads to boost his partners confidence even more.
It becomes quiet in the room and it is tense and uncomfortable. Nat and Bucky moves to kitchen to get more drinks and food for their friends and Pepper started to look at her perfected manicured nails and Tony looked anywhere but Steve, whose focus was solely on Tony waiting for the answer he knew wouldn’t come. He had noticed that Tony was glued to his phone whenever David wasn’t with them ready to answer every call or text he might get from David.
It’s his father whom he hadn’t seen or heard from in almost 15 years. Except from the news where they Stark Industries was losing buyers and had to lay of several 100 people from their jobs. “What are you doing here?” He questions. He was truly shocked he thought he had a bigger chance of seeing a dragon then seeing his father again.
Much Love
Steve had said it once to him. Once, during their almost 15 year relationship. Almost in passing, but they had never talked about it truly because Steve didn’t want to and Tony respected that and never brought it up again. But it was there in the back of his mind, all the time. And now when their children are growing up they would need to sit down with them and talk about sex and it scared him how Steve might react.
“No gag then.” Ton says softly and Steve feels bad for ruining Tony’s plans. “No problem okay? Nothing bad will happen because of this alright? You feeling safe and comfortable is more important than a gag.” Tony assures him again. Steve nods believing him on this. He trusted Tony.
He was standing outside the door looking like an idiot instead. That was better than not being believed or Steve thinking he deserved it. He had raised his hand several times to ring the doorbell but always lowered it, not knowing what to say or do when Steve opened the door. How would he explain the black eye he was sporting?  How would he explain his hunched walk because of the bruised ribs? How would he explain being absent for almost two months? It was not like they cared anyway. He had barley heard from his friends and family for the last months.
His partner whom he lived with and had been with for almost a year had a son he hadn’t even mentioned. No that can’t be right she was probably one of his crazy exes that couldn't let him go and just wanted to ruin the relationship between the two of them.
“I know but…” He gets of Steve’s back and lay down on his side so he can look into the blue eyes he swore he could see the entire universe in. “It just you are so amazing when you are in your submissive mentality that I just don’t understand why they would mistreat you after… or ever.” Tony admits.
She immediately stiffens, smile sliding away. “I already told you that I don’t want to talk to him.”
He pulls out his phone, finding an array of messages. Mostly from Tony, which is nothing new, but Steve can’t help but smile. Even if this whole thing
each other.” He laughs, and if Steve didn’t know any better, he’d think Tony sounds almost
with that guy
“What’re you doing here?”
amused at the idea – because Steve can barely talk to the guy without running into solid objects, let alone
. One moment, everything seems so manageable, so
He tried to add a comedic spin to his last comment, grinning weakly – or as well as he could anyway, because stretching the corner of his mouth was hard – but Steve didn’t reply.
“Buck, I got more important shit to be worryin’ about than some
from good boyfriend material.
things.
Natasha stands before him, a large gym bag over her shoulder. She’s still wearing the pink leotard, but has a large hoodie thrown over the top. He’s pretty sure it’s
“But what about –” Jen cuts off when it becomes apparent that Loki isn’t going to finish his thought. She sighs and glances back at her table; Peter is sitting across from her vacant seat. He waves.
There’s a pause, an almost comical beat of silence.
idea that she’d be able to relay the message to me after I got out of class.” Tony lets out a tiny huff; his breath is visible, showing just how chilled New York’s become the last few days. “Silly me. Whatever. Uh…”
a brunette with long hair, much like our friend James here.”
Bucky sighs, leaning against the chain-link fence. Tetris it is then. This might take a while. Which is
Her directions lead him to the university gym. How and why she is able to message him while in a fitness class is beyond him, but right now, he really doesn’t give a shit. He gazes through the glass door.
As if the Gods of Traffic have bestowed upon them, cars begin moving again. Tony visibly relaxes, his tight-knit scowl softening. He makes a quick-witted comment about adding jet-boosters to his muffler, pauses, then adds, “I’m kidding, of course.”
“I see you had the same idea,” a low voice says.
“I guess.” Peter eats more slowly this time and lays his head on Wade’s shoulder. It’s comforting, and not
“Fire safety is no joke, sir,” JARVIS says.
At least when it comes to
For several seconds, Tony doesn’t say a word. He watches the road closely, sitting up straighter in his seat, like he’s forgotten where his own house is. Everything’s a bit of a blur under the guise of nothing more than the headlights and evening stars, but then he says, “Just for that, you’re sleeping on the couch.”
“Right.” Clint scratches the top of his head. “Nat mentioned somethin’ about that.” He grins suddenly, face lighting up like a plugged-in Christmas tree, “She noticed your boy walk smack-dab,” he punches his palm and Bucky can’t help but laugh at that, “into a door the other day because Tony said
, I ain’t here to get laid.”
He shrugs, keeping his hands glued to his head. “Maybe.”
. Who
“Uh, Thor Odinson.” His hand effortlessly envelops hers. “I believe we’ve met before.”
“Yeah, and you’re basically drinking
Finding a new place to hangout is
“Chemistry isn’t all explosions, Pete.” Tony shifts the page back and raises his eyebrows when Peter just stares at him. Maybe Peter looks more annoyed than he’s letting on, but he can’t exactly
what Tony has in mind, but he doesn’t pry. He just shrugs. “I’m doing alright. Can’t complain.” Which is also accurate. Maybe getting his hopes up won’t be
Tony pushes a button on the controller clasped tightly in his hand. The jetpack shoots out a strong stream of blue flames, sending him soaring. Right into the ceiling. Luckily at Peter’s – and to a lesser extent, JARVIS’s – request, he’s wearing protection; it’s nothing more than a cheap, metal helmet and kneepads, but it’s at least
, but they’re just so… worldly and stuff. It’s so awesome.
, he doesn’t get to find out.
?” he asks, lolling his head back to stare at another array of ugly Halloween decorations. “Like, the whole jealousy schtick was
– oh, god.
“Okay,” Bucky said, strolling over. He took the envelope out of Steve’s hands. “Let’s open it together.” His soft-spoken tone and gentle smile helped calm Steve in an instant. Everything suddenly seemed right in the world. It always did when Bucky was around.
, didn’t you?”
Steve’s brow furrows. “I never said
Bucky still thinks he can make it though. The guy has talent.
because he is just
. He’s pretty sure the tips of his ears are burning, and his hair isn’t nearly long enough to cover them. Maybe he should invest in a hat. Hats are nice. Ned probably has a hat he can borrow.
to stare,
Sam guns his next shot, wincing, his eyes watery. “I’m just sayin’,” he says, voice raspy. He sucks on the lime before continuing, “What if he asked if you and Barnes were a thing ‘cause he wanted to see if he’d be crossin’ a boundary? Not necessarily ‘cause he’s
“So, I was thinking,” Tony Stark says, for some odd reason deciding not to
match-maker. That’s more Pepper’s specialty. I think she secretly wants to start a dating website.” He rolls forward again, rejoining Peter and DUM-E; DUM-E sits staring at them both. It’s a little unnerving. “They do make a lot of revenue though, so she might have the right idea, especially if she gets the
his boyfriend – or
“I told you, I wasn’t in
a Vegas thing, Sammy,” Clint says into his drink of choice. Vodka, of course. He seems the type to want to feel the buzz sooner rather than later. “Now c’mon, I need you and Rogers to be my wingmen.”
“I would, but I need the elective credit,” Natasha says. She tugs at the hem of her T-shirt that reads,
Strolling through Central Park isn’t exactly what she’s had in
things for – for them –”
“I know,” she says, holding up her hands, “I know. And I’m sorry, I really am. But I didn’t even say anything to
of Steve’s weird-ass crush on the guy because jealousy might imply that
Tony shrugs a shoulder as JARVIS says, “essentially, yes. I was created to aid Mr. Stark with his experiments. No matter how… controversial they may seem.” When Tony shoots the ceiling a pointed glance, JARVIS adds, “speaking of which, sir, the fire extinguishers need replacing; they’re running out of foam.”
on your pizza. But it’s okay. At least I’m not bleeding.” He stands as she does; she still keeps a steady hand on his arm, gripping it like it’s her own lifeline. And it really might be.
have a lot of paintings of him, to be
. And it's hard to concentrate hard enough to
, and I’ve set the record straight, but –”
common, he supposes, even if they’re in
“If you’re sure.”
Like a goddamn hyena, throwing her head back and everything. Her face flushes scarlet, mascara staining her cheeks.
Tony lolled his head back. “Alright, whatevs.”
Bucky’s grin faded as he set the cat on the ground. “Are you okay?”
here.
. Because the very definition of high school is: No. No, no,
anything because no, no.
anymore. Knocking is a thing of the
to embarrass himself in a smaller venue; less people means more familiarity. He can’t really hide his identity if he’s one of the few people who actually
~ ~ ~
Bucky twists a strand of hair on his finger. “That’s the problem. I mean, the guy doesn’t even know Steve
, despite what he may say; it’s on school grounds, after all.
“What?” Steve pockets his phone again.
He doesn’t respond. He only flags down the waitress.
her point; it’s a stupidly made point anyway, and if Bucky were a worse person, he’d argue his end a bit more. Just to rub it in her face.
. May’s been there. May’s been through it
even Ned, himself, but that’s – that’s all just super irrelevant in the grand scheme of things, right? Right. Ned never has to know anyway.) So, he can’t have a
. “I’ll humor you, kid. What d’you want to know?”
want you to get your hopes up, like you did with Barnes.”
Still, he tries hard not to wince as he absently plucks a random shirt off the rack; it’s an orange and red, flowery button-down, about five sizes too big and about twelve inches too long.
. He only covers his face with his hands.
“Then don’t sneak up on me,” she snaps. The library is still too vacant for its own good with only Bruce and Thor to keep them company. At least in this general vicinity. Somewhere in the distance, she’s sure she hears her roommate, Kate, but Bishop’s in the room so seldomly that Jen hardly remembers what her voice even
. “Okay, I’m just going to come out and say it. I have
When his phone buzzes in his pocket, he ignores it. At least for now. It’s probably just another message from Tony anyway and though he (obviously)
The main attraction sits on one of the desks near the center of the room: A crane-like robot that can clamp onto nearly anything. DUM-E is (supposedly)
(But like, sleep deprivation, right? It does funny things to a person’s psyche.)
Steve runs a hand through his hair. Damnit, Bucky. Of
But it doesn’t. If anything, he’s actually
“It’s been alright,” he says and really, it has. Excluding the whole ‘harboring a massive crush on roommate’… thing. He’d check his phone if the rail weren’t keeping him from literally
Okay, all he has to do is approach this
Bucky rolled his eyes. “You’re seriously
on him or anything because that would be
~ ~ ~
Peter says sharply. And loudly, judging by the way Sunglasses jumps; half the cup sloshes out onto the floor and his nice, green apron and he groans. “Have you
He looks up. “Hi?”
“Not really.” Swallowing takes a lot of effort, but he manages it. Somehow. “I just – I don’t understand
“I don’t have it memorized and even if I did, I don’t think I’d remember the damn thing right now.”
sits in the corner of the paper, and Peter can’t seem to stop
, and I’m
he has. He’s had numerous girlfriends over the years. Hell, he’s had numerous
Natasha is in there.
this, of course, but he’d sooner take a saltwater swim than admit it. “It's chilly.”
old; it isn’t. Far from it, in fact, but he acts like it’s a Death Warrant. Always rambling about staying young forever and how thirty is
“Uh – nice to meet you, Peter!” Vanessa calls as the door slams behind them.
(“What is
“Okay, Mr. Mind Reader.” Tony stuck his tongue out. It was kind of cute, honestly, even coming from a twenty-something grown-man. “Your turn.”
“Look, I know the whole dating this is awkward,” Bucky says, sitting across the way. He folds his hands on the table, either ignoring the way Steve nearly leaps out of his skin or otherwise just not noticing it. “But I think we should just go for it.”
