Sherlock was surprised by how calm he sounded. He’d expected a diatribe about dashing off without him and concerned questions about his breakdown in the alley. He could tell John was interested, very much so. Why wasn’t he asking?
John peels himself off the bathroom door and closes the space between them. His hands run up Sherlock’s chest, neck, chin to cup his cheeks.
Greg shrugged. “Not sure to be honest. We know there’s been deaths, but it’s not entirely clear that he’s the one calling the shots. You saw him. A university dropout with some trust fund money. No obligations. No motivation. He’s not got the brains or the access to be manufacturing the drugs he used on Waterman.”
John decided to pop into Speedy’s to pick up two coffees. He knew Sherlock wouldn’t drink his, but John was sure he’d need it given the exhaustion he was already feeling.
Sherlock whines and arches into John’s touch. His arms shake against John’s ears. John sucks delicately against Sherlock’s Adam’s apple and feels Sherlock grind against his thigh. He palms Sherlock's ass and lets his middle finger rest in the crease between his buttocks. John gives gentle pressure that teases while encouraging the grinding. Sherlock is moaning and sucking on John’s ear.
“I never thought I would love another human being as much as I love you, but God help me, John. She had me from the moment I held her. There isn’t a thing in this world I would not do to keep her healthy, happy, and safe. But I just keep failing and I don’t know how to be better. She deserves better and I don’t know how. I just don’t know.”
Across town, John washes his hands and sits down to an unappetizing Pret sandwich. He pulls his mobile out of his desk drawer and notices six missed calls from Rosie’s school. Conspicuously absent are any messages from Sherlock. This can’t be good. Sherlock went down there to drop off Rosie’s book. If the school is calling so persistently, something must have happened. He should have 57 unanswered texts from the detective, but he doesn’t even have one.
Sherlock was stretched across the entire length of the sofa. His toes tucked away underneath John’s Union Jack pillow because Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to grab the throw off the back of the sofa. His index finger rubbed hypnotically against his lower lip as his eyes scanned back and forth through the air. John could always tell when Sherlock was merely sorting information. When the detective went deep in his mind to wrestle with particularly challenging problems, he went still. That had been hard for John to get used to at first. Sherlock - still as death - looking as though he’d just stopped. It still creeped John out sometimes, but at least he knew to expect it now. The sofa groaned as Sherlock fidgeted, trying to get comfortable. He hadn’t gone deep enough to close his eyes or change his respiration, so he was probably not planning on plumbing the inky depths of his mind palace tonight.
Sherlock waited for John’s inevitable rage. He waited for the shouting and stomping, but it never came.
When he opened his eyes, he was surprised to find that the alcove had disappeared. In its place was a cavernous study. A large stone fireplace adorned the far side of the chamber. There were no personal items in the room, but computer monitors displaying different views of the manor filled an entire wall. A real-time transcription program was running alongside the closed-circuit video so that John could read the words of the conversation that Mrs. Turner was currently engaged in on the phone in the kitchen.
Sherlock felt a frisson of want spike along his spine as John let out a series of high-pitched giggles. That was a sound he wanted to preserve forever. John Watson, army doctor and blogging luddite,
Clearly, M thought he was toying with him, but Sherlock had shored up that particular weakness. When they’d first met, he’d been an addict funneling all his family money into his habit. As a result, he’d often been hungry. In the past, M had used that fact to control him. The promise of a warm meal and a dry bed had been a more than fair price for giving up a little control.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He had understood that John was not willing to play this game tonight, and he was annoyed.
John’s eyes flicker open as he remembers. He catches Sherlock’s knowing grin out of the corner of his eye.
John cautiously opens one eye, afraid that he'll be wrong. But he's not. He's at Baker Street. In Sherlock's bed. With Sherlock next to him.
“I’ve only been trying to put you first, to keep you from harm. Now, I realize I was acting on my own selfish impulses. I didn’t consider your feelings or opinion on the matter. I acted in the only way I could think of to keep you safely out of this mess. Upon reflection, I realize that was for my benefit because I could not imagine living in a world where you don’t exist.”
I am going to stop putting warnings at the beginning of each chapter. It spoils the plot, but I am doing my best to tag the story accordingly. As always, if you have a specific issue relating to a tagged trigger warning please let me know and I will work to get you a summary so you can skip that part. That being said, this is a highly angsty fic that involves past sexual assault, abuse, manipulation, drugs, murder, and more. I love all my readers and want you all to be safe. Please take care of yourselves, even if that means you have to stop reading. Thanks for understanding!
Sherlock, surprised and a little jealous, takes another slow sip of wine. If John wants to have sex with Stephen then Sherlock is going to sit here and watch. Let them be uncomfortable. They are in his home after all. Writhing and humping and kissing on his sofa. John is sucking Stephen’s tongue into his mouth and moaning wantonly in Sherlock’s sitting room. He could probably hear the friction of their trouser zippers rubbing together from his kitchen.
M’s smile lacked all kindness. He ran his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, a sick imitation of a lover’s caress. “Such a smart boy.”
Sherlock shoves a large manila envelope into John’s hands. He fumbles with the string, but finally manages to unwind and open the flap. He pulls out a thick stack of paper. The top page looks like a legal contract willing the premises at 67 Lauriston Gardens to the Watson Homes Foundation. John quickly flips through the rest of the paperwork. There are concept drawings for the building and mentions of government grant money. John’s head spins. He looks to Sherlock for an explanation.
Greg chimed in. “We haven’t been getting anywhere with Monahan. He’ll give us plenty of tangential evidence. He doesn’t seem to mind implicating himself but trying to get any information on his supplier is a non-starter. We’re running out of leads.” He shrugged apologetically.
“I think a change of local is in order. We’d all be more comfortable in the bedroom. Don’t you think Stephen?”
Mycroft caught up with him halfway to the house and gripped him by the arm. “John.” The tone of his voice made John stop and turn. “He won’t be able to give you the answers you seek.”
John jerked into awareness abruptly the next morning to find his field of vision blocked by high sharp cheekbones and a long, crooked nose. Sherlock was bent over him on the bed, his face so close to John’s that his curls were brushing John’s forehead. His long fine fingers rested against John’s pillow on either side, and he could feel the slow steady puffs of Sherlock’s breath on his face. The most startling realization of the entire situation was that John was not all that startled. Waking up to see Sherlock looming over him was certainly unexpected, but not, John was surprised to discover, unwelcome. He met Sherlock’s gaze, feeling a tender warmth unfurl within his chest.
As he continued his visual survey, a further complication became readily apparent. Just below Sherlock’s navel, the bed sheets were tented quite visibly, a feature made noticeably more prominent by Sherlock’s gaunt frame. John watched the realization flicker across his friend’s face, draining what color John had managed to restore.
Sherlock breathes and allows some of the uncertainty to bleed into his expression. A good sign that he is listening. John kisses the tip of his nose, making him blink shyly.
John’s hand stole around Sherlock’s neck and pulled the man to him for a quick peck on the lips. With Sherlock seated, John had the unusual pleasure of leaning down to capture his kiss.
I have taken every liberty with the RAMC and how it actually operates. I know nothing about it, so I made it fit my story. Give me a free pass because...fiction?
“I really don’t know why you’re saying this, but I think you’re scared. I think you’re fucking terrified, and you don’t know what to do with that.” His gaze scorched Sherlock as it roved over his features. “I can’t make you trust me, Sherlock.” John’s voice cracked over his name. “But I wish to God that you would."
Sherlock shifted slightly, and a flicker of guilt flashed across his face. In a calmer voice, he replied, “I never said it wasn’t illegal.”
Sherlock shakes his head hard. He mustn’t allow himself to get carried away. John was sick and vulnerable last night. Surely, it didn’t mean anything. He just hadn’t wanted to be alone. Sherlock had taken advantage. He had been too accommodating, though no one had ever said that about him before.
John took his without a word. He held it up to admire the amber liquid inside, but the glass was shaking so hard that the scotch sloshed around, threatening to spill over the sides. He shoved the glass between his knees and wiped his sweaty palm on the thigh of his trousers. He gripped his leg hard enough to still the tremors.
John could hear everything that Greg wasn’t saying. He was purposefully not asking if Sherlock was hunting down leads on his own, wanting to eliminate false leads before giving the information over to the Yard.
. Clearly from Mycroft. John lets his attention wander to the studious expression wrapping itself across Sherlock's face. His forehead puckers over eyebrows drawn intensely downward, and his lips are pressed into a severely thin line.
Sherlock felt more than saw John join him. He heard his sharp intake of breath when he saw Sherlock’s reddened skin, but he mercifully said nothing. After a brief pause, John stood at his side holding a dish towel.
Sherlock gathers their things and helps John into his jacket. John feels a delicate flush steal up his neck as Sherlock brushes his shoulders to flatten the material. He grips the doorknob and gestures with his other hand.
The two men sit with each other as the afternoon sun turns to an evening glow. Sherlock's tremors eventually subside. He blinks his eyes open and fixes his gaze on his lap. He squeezes John's wrist in thanks and withdraws the hand to wrap his arms around his drawn-up knees. John stays sitting by his side, not moving or speaking.
M licked a line just under his jaw and quivered with pleasure at his cry. His cock grew harder in Sherlock’s hand, and he knew the man was close. He wished he could look away, but M would not allow it. His body screamed at him to grab and grind and come, but he couldn’t move. His eyes were still fixed on M, whose own eyes were fluttering with pleasure.
Sherlock was shocked into silence for a moment. It never occurred to him that she would have that fear. He pulled back so that he was looking down into her ruddy, tear-stained face. His face was so gentle. John froze in the middle of drying a pan and wished he had spent some time cultivating a mind shack, as Sherlock had suggested. To recall this memory in every single detail would be a treasure. He soaked up what he could, knowing he’d never recreate it perfectly. Sherlock smoothed away Rosie’s tears with his fingers.
Greg leads them through to the sitting room, where Sherlock fights hard to restrain the giggles bubbling up. Molly’s influence is all over the room from the crochet blanket adorning the back of the sofa to the scratching tree nestled in the corner. Greg, sharp from years of working alongside the detective, notices his mirth.
“You’ve brought him an interesting puzzle. He’ll do it as quick as he can, and you know as well as I do that it will be quicker than anyone else could manage.” John watched Sherlock’s hips shift as he redistributed his weight on his stool.
, he thinks as Sherlock’s soft full lips crash against his own. Before he realizes it, his own hands are grasping Sherlock’s buttocks and pulling him closer. The warmth of the man seeps through John’s clothes and he can’t get enough. Sherlock’s arms still bracket his head. John pushes his advantage and winds his tongue down Sherlock’s jaw to nip along that glorious neck. One of John’s arms slides up Sherlock’s spine to wrap tenderly around the back of his neck. His fingers twine into the curls at Sherlock’s nape. John tastes salty sleep-sweat and syrup. Rosie must have had some on her face when she burrowed into Sherlock’s neck earlier. The earthy-sweet combination makes John groan and grip Sherlock’s head harder.
, John,” Sherlock snapped. “Besides, I do have better things to do than manage your social calendar.”
A high-pitched giggle echoes, but Sherlock distinctly hears receding footsteps and the thump of each step down the stairs. Sherlock fumbles in his pocket and clicks on the tape recorder he concealed earlier.
Sherlock sweeps out of the room, leaving John perplexed. He is back in less than a minute carrying a small plastic cup. John backs away and tries to avoid it, but Sherlock pushes it into John's hands, smiling craftily.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and walks forward to swing open the garden gate. He holds the gate open as John follows him through and shuts it primly, not letting it slam on its hinges. John studies the building, a sense of déjà vu niggles at the back of his mind, but he can’t seem to place it.
So much for the quiet. That had taken far less time than he’d thought it would. This was going to be a long night.
“What’s he done now?” John asked cheekily, leaving the question intentionally vague so that Anthea would need to ask for clarification or choose her own meaning. This was a strategy he’d learned from Sherlock. People’s assumptions were often extremely revealing.
"I'm here, 'Lock. I'm here. You are okay. You are at Imperial College Hospital. You are not in Serbia anymore. You are safe."
He looked frantically around and saw their reflection mirrored back at him in the restaurant window. How had he not recognized that it was mirrored glass? In his mind, he registered relief at the understanding that he was not visible to all of London. But when had the mirror been engaged? Before M straddled him? Before the kiss? He didn’t know.
Sherlock had relayed the story of bonfire night to John, and they had both thought it impressive that Mary identified a skip code on sight. John had just chalked it up to her eccentric hobbies and veracity to learn. Thinking back, John hadn't really been fooled. That piece of information had flared like a homing beacon signaling danger and lies, but he hadn't wanted to think about it. And Sherlock had let him. Sherlock made it possible for John to go on living the life of John Watson, husband MD. Sherlock had taken it upon himself to research and surveil without forcing John to acknowledge the truth. How many more times will the man cut himself open and sacrifice everything for John? How many more times will John fail to notice?
Sherlock turns his back on the kettle and notices the small pile of mail. He might as well get it sorted: bill, bill, past due notice, advert, advert, client request, bank statement, letter from Mummy, advert, client request…
Eventually, Sherlock starts to speak, but his voice is so low that Mycroft can't quite make out the words. He presses his ear to the door and just catches the end.
London was a perpetually unravelling mystery, especially at night. Between the shadows and the luminosity, Sherlock captured more accurate observations of the ever-changing quality of the city during the twilight hours.
Behind him, John can hear the high-pitched whines of Iain and Stephen, who hadn’t even made it to the bed. Stephen has Iain pinned against the wall, but Iain is pulling Stephen against him with every thrust. Stephen will have fingernail marks on his ass tomorrow. Iain chuckles darkly at the thought. Stephen claims his mouth with another searing kiss as he rocks into him and comes, gasping and cursing.
“It’s a-a complicated chemical process.” Sherlock told him. “The effects are not insubstantial.” He looked at John from under his eyelashes, and if John didn’t know him better he would have thought Sherlock was being coy. He seemed to weigh his next words carefully.
Using what little he could see through the nearby windows, John charted the course most likely to lead him in the direction he needed to go. It had been a long time since he’d had cause to use his wilderness skills. He was surprised to find himself so rusty. He’d become complacent, happy to follow in Sherlock’s wake as the git led the way.
“He’s told you a million times! That is not your decision to make. This should be something he decides for himself.”
A frisson of fear shot up John’s spine. It had been ages since he’d been summoned by Mycroft, and the man had certainly never bothered to announce the impending kidnapping beforehand. He reread the message several times and felt a certain desperation underlying the words. Mycroft was always economical with language. He didn’t include superfluous information, but this message lacked all command. There was no haughty entitlement. It was matter-of-fact and purposeful. He might as well have texted COME QUICKLY!! in all caps.
A rather large part of Sherlock wanted to be disgusted by his own behavior over these last few days. He had allowed himself to slip into patterns that were best left in the past. He could not afford to let emotion dictate his actions when logic had always offered a more tangible, more defensible result.
“So…case then?” he asked, and Sherlock could detect a hint of genuine interest underneath whatever burden was currently bowing John’s shoulders. He hummed in agreement, seizing on the safe topic. He scrolled back through his text messages to read the information Lestrade had sent over after he hung up.
His face was captured thanks to the security light fixed to the wall above the figure. The man was short with scruffy black hair and second-hand clothes. He was completely insignificant until John noticed the intense scrutiny of his beetle-black eyes. They belied a razor-sharp intelligence and hunger. The fierceness of his gaze gave him a lethal, powerful aura that the people around him must have felt. John had not noticed their apprehension before. Several heads were turned to watch the man and many people hunched closer to their groups, trying not to attract his attention. A father was pulling a young boy, about three years old, out of the man’s path.
“I assure you I would not ask unless it were imperative, John. I cannot explain properly unless I know what you have been told.”
This chapter has an oblique reference to stillbirth. If you think that may be triggering, please do not read. I am happy to send you a summary that excludes that reference if you want. Just ask!
The man who defied all prediction. Where Sherlock had come to expect taunts and derision, John had given him steady, whole-hearted support. He’d had questions, of course, but he’d asked only the essentials. He hadn’t pressed Sherlock’s weakness. Sherlock had seen him practically swallow back the words, but he hadn’t prodded at Sherlock’s vulnerability in his eagerness to know every detail. Once again, John had proven himself worthy of Sherlock’s trust.
His denial dissipated as Sherlock’s torso began to convulse. His body was wracked with the strength of his own despair.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand lightly, just once, then drew his hand back to his own side of the table.
And then he thought about Sherlock. A slow smile stole across his face and the answer floated readily to the front of his mind. He cleared his throat and answered steadily.
The trepidation is back in Sherlock's voice. It is the tone more than anything that makes John sit up and take notice. Sherlock is clearly anxious about whatever he is about to say.
Sherlock was so deep in thought that he didn’t immediately bound out of the vehicle when it pulled up and idled in front of 221B. He was still questioning his ability to truly
A flicker of movement caught his eye, and Sherlock realized M must have signaled his guards because they were entering the dining room with a large salad, breadsticks, and a bottle of wine. One man dished out equal portions of salad for each of them while another poured their wine. The breadsticks were placed in the middle of the table. All the while, M’s eyes never left Sherlock’s face.
, he hadn’t realized he was speaking out loud. Sherlock turns and finds himself face-to-face with Lestrade. Something in his face must show the true depths of his fear because the DI gives his shoulder a reassuring squeeze before letting go.
He races into the hallway and knocks on the door. Relief rushes through him as a tired but clear reply comes immediately.
"Yes, John. I can actually remember sentences uttered not thirty minutes ago, but we don't have any time to waste. The plan must be put into action as soon as possible and as enjoyable as teatime with the landlady was, it has put us behind schedule. Now, I need you to go see Mycroft. He has the rest of the details. Don't argue. I've had about as much of him as I can stomach today, so you have to be the one to go. After that, meet me back here. We need to orchestrate a meeting with your wife."
For the first time in ages, John had felt unmoored. The flat had been dark, and his coat had been the only one hanging by the door. The resounding silence had made him anxious, and he’d decided the proffered shift would be a good distraction. A decision he was now seriously regretting.
The question is soft, but Sherlock flinches as if John had physically hurled it at him. John grips the detective’s hands in his own, offering comfort and an anchor. He runs his thumbs over the soft skin of his palms and waits. Sherlock is very pale and up close, John can tell that he is shaking.
“Are you sure, John? Pretty hard to tell from a photograph, right? I mean, you’d have to actually examine them to be sure?”
John tried not to think too hard about the contents of the folder on his way back to the flat. It had been heinous enough to think of someone like Monahan using hypno-rophenol to get Waterman into bed against her will, but the suggestion that this was happening on a large scale resulting in murders? John shuddered.
It was a simple sentence, but the implication struck him hard. This was why John was indecipherable to him. He took simple comments, that would be cast-away thoughts from anyone else, and turned them into indisputable truths. His tone brooked no argument. His trust in Sherlock’s ability to find the answer and solve the case was unshakeable.
"I mostly pissed away the days in pubs meeting anyone who was available: Greg, Bill, some old rugby mates, even Stamford came out once. I can't really remember the last time I ate a meal at home."
John pushes back, arching into Sherlock’s space, refusing to be intimidated. A brief moment of vulnerability flashes in Sherlock’s gaze before the stony unreadable void is back.
as the edges of the lid unlatch from the plastic sides of the box. The smell of honey and eucalyptus fills the room, and Sherlock smiles as he removes two candles, an RAMC lighter, and a half-used bottle of mentholated bath salts. John used to use the salts for his leg and shoulder on bad days. Clutching the items and a clean towel, Sherlock slinks back into the bathroom in time to add the salts and turn off the tap before the tub overflows. He sets the towel on the sink, sets the candles on the edge of the tub, lights them, and flips out the light.
The line rang out several times before the call connected. John heard a scratching from the other side of the connection before Greg’ voice came through.
M slumped forward, his face nestled in the crook of Sherlock’s neck. He was breathing hard, and each exhale ratcheted up Sherlock’s own arousal. He was keening now beneath M. His whole body shook with need. Without moving his head, M whispered to him.
“The death of Annabelle Aimes was arranged as part of her employment contract with the American Central Intelligence Agency. Her family was to believe her dead and she was to have no further contact with any acquaintances from her pre-employment life.”
“I am given to understand that these kinds of issues are often the subject of discussion between friends.”
Sherlock’s breathing gets shallow and his eyes darken. John smirks at the physiological answer but waits for his man to verbalize. He runs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, enjoying the low purr it elicits.
“Honestly, John. I don’t. As you know, Mycroft and I have been working on the Moriarty message that played during my pathetically-attempted exile.”
Now, Sherlock was the master of his transport. He could go long periods of time without succumbing to sleep or hunger. M would grow sick of this game before Sherlock was reduced to begging. A flicker of displeasure raced across M’s face, and he finished his salad in silence, motioning for his men to take the plates to the kitchen. Sherlock had not been allowed to touch his own salad.
“Some things can’t be unseen, John.” His Adam’s apple bobbed in his throat. “No matter how you might want to forget them.”
Mycroft sinks down and sits cross-legged on the cold floor. He taps away at his Blackberry ordering Anthea to cancel all appointments through the following evening. Clearly, he is needed here. He keeps himself busy on his mobile while he waits.
Concerto No. 2, the detective had excused himself to use the loo, and when he hadn’t returned by intermission, John had known he’d been ditched. His first instinct had been to track Sherlock down and make his displeasure known, but he’d been annoyed and wouldn’t give Sherlock the satisfaction of ruining the outing. Besides, John had been enjoying the program immensely and had been especially looking forward to Tchaikovsky’s
“Hard to build a sexual assault case when the drug has passed out of the victim’s system,” John agreed.
“I chose you, marked you, and You. Are. Mine.” With violent force, M brought Sherlock’s lips to his own. Their teeth clacked against one another, and Sherlock felt the skin on his lip split. Warm, wet blood mingled with M’s tongue in his mouth. He was embarrassingly hard in his trousers, and he couldn’t stop his own needy whines.
flap of his hand, but Mycroft is not so easily deterred. He walks over to stand next to his brother and his voice is low but firm.
John’s face paled as he took in the facts before him. Mycroft Holmes sat in the seat opposite, and although his posture and demeanor were par for the course, there were noticeable signs that something was amiss. First of all, Mycroft’s perfectly tailored suit was askew. The trousers were wrinkled and creased from sitting. His waist coat was half unbuttoned, a detail John could only see because Mycroft was not wearing his suit coat. The coat was folded on the seat next to him, and his tie was lying across it as if Mycroft had simply cast it aside. His shirt had several buttons undone at the top and his hair was a mess, as if he’d been running his hands through it.
He had completely forgotten that he was supposed to meet Greg for drinks tonight. He grabbed his mobile and pecked out a torturously slow message:
“No, Sherlock. I get that there are things about this that I don’t understand. There may even be parts of it that I can’t understand, but it doesn’t change my decision.”
Again, there was no question in the statement. Sherlock had forgotten how claustrophobic this had always felt. He slid his scarf from his neck and shoved it in the pocket of his Belstaff before sitting but made no move to take off the coat.
Iain makes a gagging noise and looks to Stephen for support. He’s not disappointed. Stephen is already rolling his eyes.
The last envelope is padded and a familiar bolt of dread settles in his stomach. He drops the rest of the mail back onto the table and goes to sit in his chair. He inspects every corner of the envelope but can find nothing out of place. Carefully, he eases the flap free from the envelope. Once it’s free, he turns it over and lets the disk slide out into his hand.
A large poster of the periodic table hung proudly on the wall opposite the makeshift lab table. It had obviously been there a long time as the edges were beginning to curl back from the wall. John could just make out the form of a map beneath it. Upon closer inspection, he was able to identify several landmarks connected by a dotted line ending in a red X. His heart lurched at the thought that he was currently standing in what could only be Sherlock's childhood bedroom. His mind filled with imaginings of his friend as a curly-haired young boy running through the fields around the manor with a wooden sword, an eye patch, and a lumpy sweater he only wore as a concession to his long-suffering mother. It saddened John to see that the treasure map had been intentionally pasted over. It seemed to indicate a rather abrupt change of heart, though John noted that Sherlock had not removed it altogether. It was like catching a rare glimpse of the beating heart of the man normally kept well-hidden beneath a wall of logic and reason.
John, having finished his tea, stood to put their cups in the sink. He appreciated Sherlock letting him in, but he wasn’t going to push him. He felt confident that Sherlock would tell him when he figured it out.
“It will be formally connected to the RAMC so it’s funding will come from them. The clinic will be staffed by active duty corpsmen. However, they wanted someone outside of the active military life in charge. They wanted someone who had no possibility of being reassigned or moved. It was pointed out that consistency and dedication to treatment and rehabilitation were crucial to the success of the endeavor.”
John's chest is heaving as he breathes hard. Sherlock curses the day John convinced him to explain the subtler points of chess strategy. His voice is soft and genuine when he replies.
Sherlock raises his fist to knock, but the door swings open before he can make contact. Taken aback, Sherlock withdraws his hand and wraps his coat tighter around himself. Greg smiles at the detective’s uncharacteristic surprise.
“Molly, I – You, of course, were the logical choice, but I did not think it wise to ask this of you. I know I have made many mistakes over the course of our acquaintance, but I truly did think this would be the height of cruelty. I promised after
The man did not automatically respond. His eyes swept casually from the hair on John’s head to his bare feet. Sherlock’s smile was a sharp, fractured thing. It struck John as wrong, though he couldn’t quite pinpoint the reason why. He sipped his tea and continued to wait for Sherlock to speak. He was certainly not going to provoke the argument his flatmate was so obviously spoiling for.
“Oh God, Greg. I’m sorry but…Jesus. Sherlock, you fucking wanker! You just wanted to see Greg squirm didn’t you. Christ! This is all payback for that last case when he solved it before you even got called in. Bit not good, okay? Bit not good.”
Sherlock had not wanted to go back to the bedroom. He hadn’t explained why, but his face had been so earnest that John would deny him nothing.
The admonishment is without heat. John runs his hand up Sherlock’s back, feeling smooth silk shift against Sherlock’s skin. At the top of his spine, John gently pulls Sherlock’s neck to rest their foreheads together. He looks at Sherlock’s full lips, dry from the concentration-generated repetitive swipes of Sherlock’s tongue all afternoon. The image sends John’s stomach swooping.
They bicker as they make their way inside. A sweeping spiral staircase fills the entryway. The wrought iron railing tugs at John’s memory. He closes his eyes and concentrates hard, trying his best to remember.
This seemed to snap John out of his stupor. The tension left his face as affection suffused the slack surface. He didn’t move for a minute. Sherlock could tell he too was thinking about the first time they had met. That had been years ago now.
Greg is lost. He hasn’t seen Sherlock this distraught since before John moved back to Baker Street, and he hadn’t been particularly instrumental in helping Sherlock that time. That had been John’s job. Now, he looks at the huddled detective-shaped lump on his sofa and tries desperately to find the right thing to say.
The reality of what just happened washes over John as they slide into a cab. At the time, he had been fixated on keeping Sherlock calm and following his instructions. Now, images of Mary flood his mind: Mary bent over her herbs in her big, floppy gardening hat; her bright smile as she incorporates them into her cooking; the smear of dirt she always seems to track down her nose; the tang of earth John smells when he kisses her cheek. All lies. Every last part of their life together had been a lie.
By the time seven o’clock rolls around. John has changed the bedsheets, dusted the bedroom furniture, run a vacuum over the rug, and stacked the clutter into neater piles. Sherlock watched the flurry of activity from his prone position on the sofa with a sardonic smile.
Bee giggles as Sherlock spins her around and around and around the room. She points to the kitchen when he finally stops. Sherlock enters the kitchen and stops at the sight. John is hunched over a sink full of warm bubbles, his shirt sleeves are rolled above his elbow, and his hair sticks to his forehead, damp from the humidity. Sherlock leans casually against the kitchen table and watches as John scrapes a particularly stubborn bit of egg from a Teflon pan. John scrubs and scrubs but the egg refuses to come off. Finally, John drops it back into the soapy water with a frustrated grunt, spraying himself with bubbles.
Sherlock leaned against John’s arm, a long lithe line of warmth against John’s skin. It hadn’t been cold enough yet to wear his jacket.
John debated the odds that Mycroft was taking him to Sherlock. Since the man had deigned to come and collect the doctor himself, John was fairly certain that the man did not object to his attending Sherlock's bedside. However, there was a slight chance that he had been driven out to an abandoned manor in the countryside so that Mycroft could dispose of him once and for all.
“You’ve left behind the street thug persona, I see,” Sherlock said. He sounded detached, almost bored. That was good. M needn’t know his pulse was thudding in his throat.
He thought about the Army. He thought about the things he’d done and the faces of the people he hadn’t saved. His dreams were still often filled with rivers of blood flowing through the streets of London, chasing him until they had drowned everyone he still cared about.
He says with finality as he shuts the door. He leans heavily against it for a moment. He loves Mrs. Hudson dearly but she can go on.
“When you said you want to be with me…” he trailed off unable to voice the rest of the question. Despite the lack of communication, John understood perfectly. He leaned in painfully slowly, telegraphing his intention and letting Sherlock recoil if he wanted.
Sherlock had no memories of ever having a mark, but he could not exclude the possibility. It could have happened at any time between his birth and his first conscious memory. He was sure Mycroft would not have catalogued him for such a sign.
Sensing the direction of John’s thoughts, Sherlock gives a pleased hum of agreement. The air is particularly mild tonight, a blessing for which John is deeply grateful. He hasn’t had the old hunting jacket out for a while, and the lining of his dress coat just isn’t quite the same. Sherlock pulls him in tighter, so their legs are flush. John can’t help looking up adoringly at the tall, strange, genius man that has chosen him. It still seems frankly incredible.
Iain pants as he plunders Stephen’s mouth with his tongue. He cups Stephen’s arse cheeks in both hands and pulls the man toward him while Stephen speeds up his strokes.
The man’s voice was flat and void of warmth. Anyone but John would have missed the hairline tremor of uncertainty underlying the bravado.
before he hung up. With the progress on the Hypno case stalled, this could be just the distraction he needed. Whirling around in his haste, he’d slid into a freshly pressed pair of black trousers, a pristine white button-up, and his polished black oxfords. He had been sliding his mobile into his trouser pocket half-way to the door when it hit him.
Once they’re in the bedroom, John snaps back fast. He strips them both quickly and yanks his own clothing off before sliding between the two men. He knows exactly what he wants. He has been fantasizing about this for a while now, if he’s being honest. He runs his palm appreciatively over Sherlock’s thigh, inching toward his unflagging erection. As he runs his fingers over Sherlock’s balls, he looks him in the eye.
Sherlock’s blood ran cold. He’d convinced himself that he’d finally forgotten that voice. Now that it came to it, he knew the truth. He hadn’t forgotten, would never forget the deceptively pleasant Irish lilt with an undercurrent of steel. He was clearly pleased to see Sherlock but also annoyed. Sherlock had oscillated, and that wasn’t part of the show. This was a command.
Did he mean fictional thrillers/action adventures? Or romance? Or soulmates? All of the above? Sherlock couldn’t tell. He couldn’t make sense of the conversation, and he had a sense that John was hoarding some of the facts.
Sherlock feels the burn of that phantom pleasure and squeezes harder as his hips buck into his fist. His free hand is clenched in his own hair, tugging randomly, just like John does. John, catching sight of Sherlock and realizing what he’s doing, smirks and buries his hands in Stephen’s hair, tugging. Stephen and Sherlock moan in unison, long and deep.
He struggled to readjust the pillow beneath his head before turning back to John and infusing his voice with as much sincerity as he could muster, he tried again.
“I want to marry John. And what could be more ordinary? I want to tie our lives together. I want to be his partner, unquestionably forever. I want to live with him, work with him, love with him. I want to give him everything, yet every time I try, I come up with nothing. Not one single idea worthy of note. I fear I am too close to the case; therefore, I have come to your admittedly second-rate mind in hopes of an idea that may fan the flames of my intellect and reveal the right path forward.”
The cabbie cleared his throat, and John reeled back like he’d been slapped. He fumbled for the door handle and stepped out of the cab, slamming the door behind him. It closed with a muffled finality that Sherlock felt right down to his toes. He glared at the cabbie and paid him with exact change. He took one last moment to steady himself before he followed John onto the crime scene, shoulders back, spine straight – the consulting detective once more.
John teetered dangerously on the edge of tears as Sherlock’s chin wavered. The skin at the bridge of his nose crinkled in consternation as he stared at John.
He was shorter than Sherlock remembered. Even seated, the height disparity was obvious. The choice had been deliberate then.
“I’m surprised you bothered with a key at all. Since when do you do things the conventional way? Oh God, wait. You pickpocketed the owner, didn’t you?”
Absorbing the truth, Sherlock shatters and sobs into his knees. Mycroft places his arm around the detective and all the tension in his brother's body unravels. He sags sideways to lean against Mycroft's shoulder. He lets himself be comforted in a way he has not allowed in thirty years. Between sobs, he chokes out questions that not even Mycroft can answer.
John just breathes heavily and refuses to rise to the bait. Mycroft waits, but John can hear his team working in the background.
Sherlock spent the next quarter of an hour lost in the rhythmic ritual of washing and handing the items off to be dried. John, for his part, remained steady. He dried the items with the same exquisite attention to detail. He made sure they were not streaky or greasy before lining them on the counter.
A shadow passes over Sherlock's face, and he flinches at the mention of "Serbia." John takes the opportunity to survey his friend. The longer he looks, the more concerned he becomes. Sherlock's entire body is strung tight and his muscles quiver with the effort of holding each muscle taut. He alternates between staring at Mycroft in disgust and sweeping the room, subtly checking all access points. His dressing gown is belted and wrapped securely around him, despite the t-shirt and pajama pants he is already wearing. He is even wearing a thick pair of dress socks. John has never seen the man wear socks in the flat. Not once. John tries to focus on what Mycroft is saying, but his brain is all but shouting at him to look deeper and pay attention this time for God's sake. Something is very wrong, and it just might be John's fault.
“After we…you know. After this morning, I forgot about the textbook. I didn’t really remember until around noon when I was changing slides on that paraffin analysis I’ve been working toward. Anyway, I went to Rosie’s school as fast as I could and I apologized about being late with the book. But Rosie wasn’t mad.”
John’s mouth opened to welcome him inside, and their tongues intertwined. At that moment, a shock ran along Sherlock’s spine, his skin prickled, and he felt a warmth building inside himself. He pulled John closer, but it wasn’t enough. He broke away with a whine.
Sherlock chanced a look and was struck by the shockingly gold hue of John’s hair beneath the intense light of the lamp he was using to pore over the police files. The soft grey that had crept in around the edges of his hairline was almost white in the warm glow, giving the illusion that it wasn’t there. Sherlock felt as though he was catching a glimpse of a different John, ten years younger and a world away from the damage the war had wrought. The sight sent a delicate, fluttering feeling flitting through his stomach.
John’s warm, solid heat beside him was a familiar comfort, but the steady silence between them was underlaid with a subtle tension that Sherlock did not know how to bridge. He laid the Belstaff over his crossed legs to hide the anxiety-induced jangling.
John’s gaze was steady despite his obvious misgivings in starting the conversation. Several minutes passed, and Sherlock could not discern the true question.
Sherlock asks, but it’s really more observation than question. Greg, hearing the approval and happiness in the detective’s voice, answers anyway.
Sherlock hears the slosh of water in the tub as John gets in and the clink of a glass being set back down. John heaves a loud, contended sigh before settling into silence.
“It’s because of that fucking poison. I’m sure Mycroft didn’t resist crowing over the fact that I got myself dosed again. He probably thinks I did it on purpose, that I liked it. And who wouldn’t think that? Look at how I’m reacting, hmm? “
John was reluctant to bring up whatever had happened, but he needed to make sure that Sherlock wasn’t suffering.
. He puts the empty mug in the sink for later, grabs his jacket, and hails a cab. Bloody Mycroft can bloody well pay his transportation costs this morning after coming to Baker St. before dawn and not even bothering to relay
The very word sends a smile across John’s face. Sherlock doesn’t notice his own spine relaxing in response.
Privately, Sherlock agreed. He could definitely get used to the soft domesticity of teasing one another and spending hours on meals he had no inclination to eat just to watch John come apart at the seams. The sight of John, head thrown back and eyes resplendent with glee, lit a matching desire in him. He longed to be that free again. There was a mirth in John that Sherlock had not felt in years. Not since before…
Mercifully, Mycroft cut him off. “He’s told you more than I expected. That’s good - gives us a place to start.” He withdrew a page from the file and turned it to John. It was a grainy image, probably taken by surveillance of some sort, but John failed to see anything of significance in the frame. It showed a crowd of people waiting on the platform at Piccadilly station. Mycroft, sensing his incomprehension, pointed to the man walking out of the right side of the image.
“I messed up, John. I messed up and I don’t know how to fix it. If I even can fix it. She was so angry. You didn’t see her. She hates me now. She hates…”
Sherlock flings his door open on the word wife, and John pitches forward, almost careening head-first into the floor. Luckily, Sherlock's solid torso blocks the way. John's forehead rests against the soft silk of Sherlock's expensive button up and he can feel the subtle rise and fall of the chest beneath the shirt. Sherlock gently grips John’s shoulders to steady him before easing him back upright.
John hums and smacks his lips. He seems lost in the pleasure of eating his breakfast, so Sherlock clears his throat and shifts in his seat, trying to get the conversation back on track. But John continues his meal and ignores Sherlock until he slips the last strip of bacon into his mouth with relish and sucks the grease thoroughly from his fingers.
John hurried into the lab and saw Greg standing a few feet from Sherlock who was hunched over a baggie on the workbench. Sherlock had the baggie open and was sorting small white pills. John drew in a harsh breath at the sight. He knew Sherlock was on the case, but the sight never got any easier. It always led John’s mind down the path of the past. Seeing in his mind’s eye what Sherlock must have been like back in his drug days. The tableau in front of him mixed with the leftover emotions from the previous night made it harder to block out this time.
John moves closer to wrap his arm around Sherlock’s waist. He leans into the detective’s warmth and is secretly pleased when Sherlock rests a possessive arm across his shoulders. As they walk through the streets of London, John is struck by how long it has truly been since they have done so. Just the two of them.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out. It seemed he couldn’t decide what he actually wanted to say. Several more aborted sentences followed, and he huffed in annoyance.
He stopped in the doorway looking hesitant. His eyes looked vulnerable, like he was begging John to let the topic drop. John smiled warmly to let Sherlock know he understood. He let his relief at the fact that Sherlock still considered them a unit shine through, knowing Sherlock would see it there.
“…usually answers about a case, but I wouldn’t be too worried. Probably he’ll turn up tonight with no idea he’s caused such a stir.” He waited for John to laugh along with him, but the laughter was caught in John’s throat. It lodged there behind the sob that was threatening to break free, so he swallowed it down. When his silence spooled out for several uninterrupted seconds, Greg seemed to understand that John was not going to reply.
He contented himself with watching Sherlock’s face slacken in sleep. The tension seemed to drain away and a peacefulness stole over him. His lashes fluttered lightly, but he kept one hand firmly clasped around the material of John’s jumper.
Suddenly, Stephen stops thrusting and his eyes lock on something just over John’s right shoulder. John, unable to move and look, feels exposed. He looks to Sherlock, hoping to gauge the situation and catches the mischievous grin on his face.
The only indication that this room was meant to be slept in was a single bed shoved aside and wedged in the corner furthest from the lab equipment. Balled up paper littered the floor along with chewed up biros and discarded tomes. A single frayed robe hung on a solitary hook near the door, a level of care not afforded to the chaos covering the rest of the room.
“I meant to build up my walls, push you away, give you the opportunity to move on and start a normal life. A life that isn’t always threatened by the spectre of violence and darkness and death. I meant to give you the chance to have the life that you deserve, but I failed. I failed you, John, and I keep on failing. I’m not strong enough or I’m too selfish. I guess in the end it amounts to the same thing if it bears the same result. I can’t stay away from you any longer.”
He maneuvers Sherlock back to his chair so that he can straddle his lap and nip at his neck while they talk.
“…spectrometer analysis as well. It will likely take several days to get the information, so if you could leave me alone and let me get started, that would be ideal.”
When the basin was full, Sherlock turned off the tap and submerged the dirty dishware. He knew the water was still too hot, but the shock was grounding. He moved the items around so that they all eventually fit underneath the canopy of bubbles. He watched his long, pale fingers turn red with heat.
“My experiences with the drug are a bit of a deviation from the norm.” He tried to keep his voice steady. He needed to believe that he could distance himself from the words he was speaking. These were facts. Nevermind his shaking hands.
He watched as one of M’s eyebrows quirked dangerously. Sherlock placed his glass back on the table and fiddled with the base until it was back in perfect alignment. He placed his folded hands back on the table and watched M impassively.
Sherlock swallowed convulsively, buying time to formulate the words he needed, but he couldn’t find them. They simply didn’t come. The cab had stopped moving, Sherlock’s brain registered faintly in the background. He didn’t have time for that particular deduction, not when John was sitting there looking at him like he held the secrets to the universe.
John’s palms dig into Sherlock’s shoulders as he braces himself. Sherlock looks up at him with wide admiring eyes. John loves that look. For this moment, he is Sherlock’s sole focus. It’s as if he holds all the world in his hands.
Sherlock straightened his shoulders and sauntered into the room. No need to betray his own reticence. His eyes swept the open space quickly. There wasn’t much to see. It was mostly empty, but he sensed movement behind the kitchen door. Those would be the bodyguards. Sherlock wasn’t naïve enough to think they’d be meeting alone.
“You know, I think I do have a lead,” he quipped as he walked out of the lab through the swinging door.
Sherlock slumped defeatedly to sit fully upon the ground. He pulled his knees into his chest until the Belstaff was pulled tight around him like a blanket covering his entire body. The crook of his left elbow itched in a decades old siren call that Sherlock had trained himself to ignore. In this moment, it was almost too powerful to overcome. He needed to get somewhere safe. He needed to get there quickly. He needed to get home. He needed –
He slaps Stephen’s ass and the sound reverberates around the room. Then he squeezes a taut handful, relishing the warmth blooming across the abused skin.
“Finish that up, would you?" John pointed at his half-eaten butty. "I’m just going to run down and check with Mrs. Hudson. She was supposed to contact the plumber about that leaky pipe in the bathroom.”
After several minutes, Sherlock hauls himself to his feet, situates the television, and pops in the disk. He settles gingerly into his chair, waits for the disk to load, then presses play on the remote.
“I don’t have a frame of reference for this, John.” Sherlock’s voice turned plaintive and a little manic. “Please, you have to tell me what you need.”
John’s reply caught him by surprise. Sherlock’s head whipped up, and he stared. His voice was low with emotion when he responded.
Sherlock scowled, knowing he was being placated, but he lay back down. John settled back in his chair and decided that he would very much like to set fire to the damn thing. The metal beneath his thighs was cold and unyielding. It felt much too clinical to belong here.
John finally allowed all of the love he had held back to flow outward, gifted to Sherlock in the careful adoration of each pass of the razor. Every brush of a finger against the man’s face was soft, worshipful. The bones beneath his hands were precious, and John touched them with reverence. He
John walked down the long, narrow hall like a man headed to his own execution. He had no idea what to expect upon entry. The hall itself projected an air of sullen superiority with its rich tapestries and gilt-framed oil portraits.
John can practically hear the eyeball roll. He stalks angrily toward Sherlock's chair and looms over the man, a trick he can only pull off when the lanky git is sitting down. He lets the ice of his glare unsettle Sherlock for a few moments before speaking.
“Sherlock,” John said seriously. “If we spend the rest of our lives chasing criminals and eating Chinese take-out on the couch at three a.m., I will be the happiest bastard alive.”
Slipping off his Belstaff and scarf, he heads to the kitchen. Might as well make a cup of tea first. He fills the kettle and waits. He bounces impatiently from foot to foot.
“You made it yourself, you mean.” It’s not even a question. Somehow John just knew. Sherlock nodded his head. “But then why –“
Last week, Sherlock had been twirling the knife from the mantelpiece while thinking about the gestational period of guinea pigs. He had been so engrossed in his thoughts, that he hadn’t noticed Mrs. Hudson cleaning. After she threw away his algae experiment, Sherlock had stomped across the sitting room and hurled the knife into the air, striking the ceiling and cracking the tile.
Without looking back, Sherlock dragged the robe off his shoulders and left it crumpled in a ball on the sofa. Smoothing the lines from his shirt, he slipped on his suit jacket and folded the Belstaff over his arm. The afternoon was still a little warm, but he would want it later.
Though he doesn’t answer any texts or calls, Sherlock is not actually hard to find. When John enters the flat, he immediately notices the rigid figure seated on the sofa.
“Sorry. Not a friend, obviously.” He thought back to the details he had picked out of the image - shabby, second-hand clothes pointed toward something less than middle class but there was a certain hunger about him - “Dealer?”
The toaster pops and the kettle whistles as the smell of fried egg drifts down the hall and sets Sherlock's traitorous stomach growling. He rolls out of bed and wraps his deep blue dressing gown around himself as he staggers into the en suite. Scowling at the hopeless tangle of curls that sits atop his head, Sherlock studiously avoids the mirror as he washes, shaves, moisturizes. He plucks a long, wiry, stray hair that seems determined to disrupt the carefully structured arch of his brow.
Sherlock’s face was a sickly grey and his jaw was clenched even in his unconscious state. There was a delicate tremor running through his frame, despite the blankets layered on him, and he was sweating profusely. It suddenly occurred to John that he had never seen Sherlock seriously ill. Usually, he flopped around the flat at the first sign of a throat tickle and demanded even more tea and attention than usual.
John felt a lurch of pity for the DI, he looked utterly worn out. “Sherlock identified the perp last week. Have you gotten anything out of him?”
. As much as Sherlock may claim otherwise, it was a choice. And Sherlock was not choosing John. He was not choosing them. He was not choosing their life, their career, Baker Street – he was not choosing all of it.
Sherlock looks earnestly at John, willing him to understand. John’s not sure he fully does, but he nods encouragingly.
“Really, John? This is the accepted convention for entering buildings, is it not? You harp on it often enough.”
“Bored. Frustrated. Eager for a new case. In his mind, he’s solved this one.” John held up a hand to stop the DI, who had opened his mouth to argue.
Sherlock is still lost. Rosie, clearly not getting the reaction she was looking for, spirals totally out of control.
An hour later, they were seated in comfortable wingback chairs at the wonderfully eclectic Flap and Throttle Pub. The chairs were arranged around a table made from a discarded aeroplane propeller. The blades, attached to a central hub, were visible beneath a layer of thick glass. It was as if whoever designed the table found an old turbine engine and decided to use it as a sturdy base for the glass topper.
After what seemed like an eternity, the room stopped spinning. John had just managed to keep his feet under him. He felt slightly nauseous and spent several minutes focusing on slowing his breathing.
The city is busy this time of day and it takes him thirty-five minutes to reach the school. It takes another 12 minutes to check in through the school’s security protocols. By the time Rosie is paged to the headmaster’s office, it’s gone one. Sherlock wishes he had paid better attention to Rosie’s schedule. Maybe she’s not got bio until this afternoon. He doesn’t hold out much hope.
Sherlock turns back to smile nervously at Molly before leading John down the stairs and out into the night.
John absorbed this information with horror. To imagine Sherlock young and vulnerable, out of control and suicidal - it didn’t bear imagining really. “But you got him out?”
“There are many things I want to say to you – have wanted to say for a long time now, but I never knew where to begin. After a while, I realized the futility of trying to keep anything from you and assumed you already knew. I imagined you’d figured it out from the way I folded the dish towels or the way I combed my hair. I see now how unfair that was.”
His feet carried him across the asphalt without conscious thought. A taxi braked hard to avoid hitting him, but he barely noticed the annoyed shouting and honking. His eyes were fixed on the restaurant with a horrified sort of fascination. No part of him wanted to go in there, but he did want to know why he’d been summoned. After all this time, what could he possibly have to offer?
“What the fuck is this? I thought ya said eight o’clock, Sherlock. I come here all gentlemanly and reserved to see this?”
He throws the word out there to catch Sherlock's attention and drag it back to the table. Sherlock seems almost reluctant to meet John's gaze.
“I got to hold him, feel him, fuck him and you got to suffer. Every moment you spent getting whipped, kicked, burnt, choked in Venezuela, Moscow, or Serbia, was a moment I spent touching, tasting, having John. And it worked. He
He’s unbearably petty already and all Stephen has done is walk into their flat. He needs to get himself under control.
John's finger hovers over the keyboard as he decides whether or not to try again. Clearly, Sherlock doesn’t want to be bothered. Not by him anyway. But then he remembers too-long silences and skin stretched taut over icy features. He remembers an empty fridge and untouched cups of tea. He remembers the panicked-caught look on his best friend's face as he sprinted down the street. His fingers are typing before he even finishes the train of thought.
“You remember.” He sounded pleased. M picked up his own fork and speared a large piece of lettuce. “You can be so beautifully compliant when you try.” M placed his fork on the edge of his plate while he chewed.
He left the folder from Greg on the kitchen table where he knew Sherlock would see it in the morning. He'd let Sherlock spend the day breaking his mind against the rocks of the case and try to re-broach the topic afterward. Maybe he'd be lucky enough to nab an extra shift at the surgery. With a last lingering glance toward the detective's room, John turned out the lights and headed for bed.
John moves slowly but deliberately to place himself in front of the detective, an actual human shield. Mary sneers and raises her arm, adjusting her aim for Sherlock’s forehead.
John heaved a sigh as he realized it was now 9:31am. He fumbled with his mobile and dialed Greg, hoping that he hadn’t been able to start the fake drugs bust yet. That was the last thing they needed. Remembering the scene he had walked in on only a few nights ago, he was not at all confident that the flat would turn up clean. He was fairly confident they would find no street drugs, but John did not fancy having to explain Sherlock’s “antidote” to the Metropolitan Police. For one, Sherlock hadn’t been lying. Creating and self-administering a new drug was not exactly legal. But John was also wary of betraying Sherlock’s trust. It had clearly not been easy for the detective to confide in him. He had the distinct feeling that he was the first person Sherlock had made a conscious decision to tell. John also knew that he did not know the full picture. He had been given insight into the enigma that was his flatmate, but he knew that was not the whole story.
"I can see that you don’t tend it, but I can't tell why without more information. There are too many possibilities."
He brings the full force of a blistering kiss to bear on the unsuspecting Scotsman, who pushes back equally hard. The meeting of lips could barely be called a kiss. It’s more a battle for dominance, that they’re both losing. Stephen wraps his hand around both their erections, adding pressure.
Lestrade closes the distance between them as he speaks until he stands right in front of the detective.
“I’ve hurt you. I know I have. I always know, but I can’t always tell how I’ve done it.” Sherlock leaned forward and whispered, like he was letting John in on a secret. “It guts me.”
John shuts his eyes and presses send, willing the forces of fate that he doesn’t believe in to send him a reply. Surprisingly, his phone pings a moment later. John is so startled that he nearly drops it in the dirt. His fingers scrabble across the screen in his eagerness to read the message.
He plays it off with a playful wink and smirk, which Stephen buys though John looks unconvinced. He offers each of them a wineglass then settles in his armchair. Things may be less awkward with them all comfortably seated. He’ll be more comfortable anyway. John sits in his appointed chair while Stephen takes the sofa. He sits sideways and stretches his long legs out along the seat.
“My deepest apologies, John, truly. I don’t think I said that correctly. I never say it correctly. Just here.”
But when John nestled his hot, ruddy face into Sherlock's neck and breathed against his skin. It didn't matter. Sherlock was sticky and uncomfortable, but he'd lay there forever if John would only stay.
His eyes sprang open. His breath choked out of him. John sat still as a sentry, keeping watch while Sherlock struggled to control himself.
Giving up on getting any reading done, John decided a cup of tea would pass the time nicely while he waited for Sherlock to reengage with the world.
“Damn it! Blasted pan. Stupid egg. God forbid anyone else in this house ever soak the dishes. That would be too much to – “
Sherlock picked up one of the slides in front of him and turned it over repeatedly in his hand. John wasn’t used to this much self-conscious reflection on Sherlock’s part. He was usually forthcoming with information relating to a case, unless he was on the trail of the solution and too busy to be bothered spelling it out. This was different. This was a calm assessment of the facts, as if Sherlock was deciding what to tell John and what to hold back. It unnerved him.
John swallows heavily. Sherlock remembers the hug they’d shared in 221B recently. He wishes he could do it again now. John looks like he needs it. Sherlock’s not quite sure why John is sending him a copy of his love confession to his dead wife, but if this is what John needs, he will sit here and receive it. Of course he will.
"Without any details regarding what happened, I have no idea how to start helping him! You have to slow down and...”
Sherlock smiles at the familiar grumpy action, but the smile slides quickly off his face as he gets to work. He pulls his phone out of his trouser pocket and fires off a message.
John agreed and walked over to Sherlock’s side after Greg left. He waited patiently for Sherlock to come to a natural stopping point, and when he finally looked up, John felt an affectionate smile steal across his face. Sherlock’s hair was a frizzled mess from being tugged this way and that as the genius thought.
For once, John doesn’t have to puzzle out Sherlock’s motives. If he lived a thousand more years, he would never forget that abandoned sweets factory and the two frightened, sick, chocolate-covered children huddled in the dark. He abruptly hangs up without answering Mycroft. He steals a cab from a Westminster-type, not caring which cabinet secretary he has pissed off now. All that matters is that he gets to Addlestone.
John’s breathing was laboured with dread, though logically, he knew Sherlock had survived whatever foolhardy thing he’d done. It was still not easy to hear.
John's heart clenches. It had been years since Sherlock had deemed it necessary to sign his texts. John had teased him about it.
Was this a remnant of their fight last night? Had Sherlock decided John was not to be trusted any longer? His chest ached with the severity of his longing to grab a piece of the man and make him stay. John longed to pull the answers out of him for a change – to finally understand a fraction of what went on it that great mind of his.
There was a low thrum of energy inside, but there were plenty of tables available. After quickly scanning the room and failing to spy Greg, John sat at a table near the bar. By the time John had grabbed drinks, Greg was sliding into his chair.
Sherlock drags his mouth along John’s jawline as he runs his hands over John’s chest.  John decides he is done with the teasing. He grabs Sherlock’s face and pulls him in for a toe-tinglingly deep kiss. The kiss feels like it goes on for minutes. When they finally part, Sherlock is panting hard. A deep scarlet creeps over his chest and his hair is askew. John loves him.
Sherlock shook his head and began to take the items out of the sink. He piled them on the side and flipped the tap on to fill the basin with hot water. He scrambled around for a few minutes looking for the dishwashing liquid before he remembered that John had put it in one of those funny novelty dispensers.
Sherlock nods, focusing solely on evening out his breathing, and after several long minutes, succeeds. His glistening eyes fix on John, who feels their pain throb deep in his own stomach. Bracing himself, John nods in what he hopes is a reassuring manner and waits for Sherlock to speak.
Sherlock shakes his head no; it seems safer than speaking. Rosie narrows her eyes and breathes a single venomous word:
“Who is that?” John asked. His heart raced at the very thought of that man within a hundred yards of Sherlock. But with Mycroft’s previous questioning, John was certain this man had played a large role in his friend’s past. How had he never come up?
Giving up on the idea of tea, since he can’t reach the tray over the cat anyway, Sherlock looks contemplatively at Molly.
John’s blood ran cold. He couldn’t imagine it. It was unthinkable. “That’s why there haven’t been any successful cases based on hypno,” he said with a nauseating wave of understanding.
Sherlock’s fingers worried the edge of the sheets. Silence stretched between the two men for several minutes before his fingers stopped moving. He drew in a breath, steeling himself, but did not turn to look at John. His reply was quiet and muffled. If John had not been sitting so close, he would not have heard it.
“What’s not right?” he asked John tiredly. Clearly, he was in no state to entertain Sherlock’s games tonight. “Anderson’s not cocked it up again, has he?” Sherlock snorted, but deferred to John. How Anderson missed this, he’ll never understand, but he respected Lestrade. He really didn’t want to start an argument, and John was better at
I decided to make this all one inter-connected story. This might be a little ambitious...we will see. Let me know what you think in the comments. Thanks for reading!
Sherlock’s head whipped around as the back of M’s hand connected with his cheek. “Did I tell you that you could touch?” His cheek stung with the echo of M’s slap.
John clenches his fist, crushing the card in his hand. Of all the ridiculous things Mycroft has put him through, this ranks right up there. Does he not think John deserves to know everything about his lying, cheating murderer of a wife? Does he not think John deserves to be in on the plan this time? Or is this Sherlock’s work around? He had promised never to exclude John again, but does he thinks he can get around it by making the exclusion come from his brother?
“What do you know about my brother’s past?” Mycroft asked, back to his usual disdainful distance. Somehow, it put John at ease, like a return to their typical status quo.
John, John Watson, has just sent him a video recorded love confession. Sherlock Holmes has just been sent John’s love. John loves him and wants Sherlock to know. No matter how he says it, it doesn’t make any more sense to Sherlock. But he also cannot deny the proof of his own two eyes.
John, with as much gentleness as he could muster, carefully slid the button out of the hole and let the fabric gape apart. His fingers brushed softly against Sherlock’s skin as he drew back, fluttering as softly as butterfly wings. He got only a fleeting perception of warmth before his fingers touched air.
“Hypno, as it’s known on the street,” Sherlock started, “is a modified variant of rophenol – the date rape drug. It is extremely fast acting and almost as quickly metabolized making it extremely challenging to identify.”
Given the highly sophisticated nature of the technology in the room and the fact that the entire chamber had been secreted behind a wall, John felt reasonably safe in assuming that he’d just discovered the home office of Mycroft Holmes.
“I couldn’t stop it.” Sherlock forced himself to continue and his voice finally broke. It was now a reedy whimper, all crushed glass and broken edges. He needed John to understand that he didn’t want it. He didn’t ask for it, no matter what his body had done. He drew in a shaky breath. “I don’t know exactly what was done to manipulate the drug, but I know that it was altered to achieve the desired effect.”
Sherlock spent the next few days reading and rereading the test results before he had to conclude that they had yielded little in the way of clues. The samples obtained from Colin Monahan were clearly modified from the generic Hypno that cropped up every now and then at drugs busts and crime scenes, but Sherlock had been unable to identify the unknown compounds thus far. With a growl of frustration, Sherlock tossed the file onto the floor and leaned his head against the back of his chair. He was too tall to be folded up into it this way, his torso scrunched and legs akimbo. His feet were tucked underneath him with his knees splayed wide so that he resembled a praying mantis waiting to pounce. He gazed up at the ceiling with a hopeless sort of apathy.
John draws his shoulders back, breathes deeply, and jogs up the steps. He opens the door to a mahogany lobby and signs in at the desk. John looks around, expecting Anthea to appear out of thin air and escort him to Mycroft. The silence of the club grows oppressive, and John wishes someone would cough or sigh. At this point, he would take a smoker just for the reassurance of the puffing noise.
The cartoonishly cheerful duck stared glassily at him. The happy, open, slightly vacant expression unnerved him. He covered its eyes with his long fingers and pushed down on the duck bill. He watched the soap mix in with the hot water producing big fluffy bubbles. When he had enough soap, he placed the dispenser back on the counter but made sure that it was facing the wall. He’d had enough eyes on him today. He’d be damned if he was going to be made to feel vulnerable by a rubber duck.
Mary shifts in the bed and John feels her bony hip press against his shoulder. She heaves a deep sigh in a very familiar baritone.
Sherlock's face breaks into one of his rare, genuine smiles. The kind that twitches the corner of his lips but really shines from his eyes. The tension leeches from his frame slowly and his back curves softly as he breathes out.
Sherlock’s hand shakes as he slides the phone back into his pocket. He wraps his scarf around his neck, despite the warm day, and leaves. If he waits, John will notice that something is wrong. He has gotten surprisingly observant during Sherlock’s time away. Tucking his chin to his chest, Sherlock strides purposefully down Baker St. pretending he has the situation under control.
The trip up to the flat was a blur. In fact, Sherlock did not remember getting out of the cab. He couldn’t recall whether it had been cold outside, whether there had been any wind. He couldn’t remember who paid the cabbie or unlocked the front door. All he knew was that he was standing in the kitchen looking at a sink full of dirty test tubes, beakers, teacups, and god knew what else. He didn’t often keep track of the detritus after he finished an experiment. It was usually tossed in the sink while Sherlock moved on to the next hypothesis. John eventually got fed up enough to wash and put away the odds and ends. Or Mrs. Hudson would.
“John,” Sherlock choked out before he wrapped John in his arms, pulling him in tightly. The man buried his face in John’s neck and breathed raggedly. It felt incredibly intimate to be held this way. John’s shirt grew damp with tears that went unremarked upon. He lifted his hand to run his fingers through his friend’s limp curls. The repetitive stroking and the hot humidity of the enclosed space overpowered Sherlock’s meticulous grooming habits, sending his hair into a sticky, steamy halo of frizz.
Sherlock stops the door just in time. Ah, it was him humming in the streets. Interesting. He smiles apologetically.
“And I think you needed me too. That night decided what we would be – detective and blogger. One job, two roles. We fit together seamlessly like we were always supposed to get there.”
John shrank back against the cupboards as Sherlock raved. “I didn’t tell you about the antidote because I knew you wouldn’t understand. I NEED IT, JOHN!” He screamed the last part.
“Alright now. Deep breaths, Sherlock. I need you to calm down and tell me what happened. Can you do that?”
Sherlock grabs a Rubik’s cube off the side table, just to have something to do with his hands. He twists the cube without looking. He’s not actually trying to solve it after all.
It takes several moments for Sherlock to register John's attention. The file must be fascinating. John smirks and his eyes flit back across the screen, taking in actual details this time. Something about the woman's bone structure catches his eye. As he leans in to take a closer look, Sherlock snaps the laptop closed and swings his legs off the mattress.
"Oh my god. She binned all the coffee. Said she wanted us to try again. She said that eating healthier would be better for a baby. I didn’t even question it. Jesus!"
Sherlock's eyes soften at the familiar question. How many times had John asked him that exact question at a crime scene. This is them - give and take. This is utterly familiar, stable ground. Though it doesn’t make Sherlock any more eager to respond. He knows his options here are limited. There is no way to talk about the problem without dragging his feelings for John and the scars of Serbia out of the shadows. But he promised John that there would be no more lies between them. He could refuse to answer, but John has that determined look he gets when he has his mind made up to wrestle an answer out of Sherlock. Sherlock capitulates with a sigh.
“You have the number here at the surgery. If any issues arise, you let us know. Bye now, Mr. Wickham!”
“Sorry,” he said flatly. “I’ve got to go as well. Lot’s to do today.” John fled the backseat and hurried down into the basement of the building. He knew exactly where he would find Sherlock. He turned a corner and heard Sherlock’s voice coming through an open door into a lab at the end of the corridor.
A cruel slap to his other cheek forced his eyes open again as M clawed his hands over Sherlock’s shoulders. “You keep those pretty eyes on me, Sherlock,” he panted.
The ride is not long and Sherlock tips the cabbie who helps carry a few of the bags to the porch. Sherlock unlocks the door and slips inside once the cab has driven away. The entranceway leads to a cozy sitting room. Mary's influence is clear. There are no dark colors or tall-backed chairs here. The room is a gentle sea-foam blue. The simple domesticity of it claws at Sherlock's throat. He hurries into the kitchen and shelves all the groceries. It is not hard to figure out their storage system. Dry goods in the pantry, crisps above the stove, perishables in the fridge. It's all pretty standard.
It's not a question. John still knows him better than anyone. He is still taking pains to keep Sherlock in his comfort zone, not talking as much as possible.
Suddenly, Sherlock jerks back away from John, which is completely unacceptable. John grabs for him, but his naked body affords no purchase. John groans softly.
M was seated already. He twirled a butter knife between his fingers, watching the light glint off the utensil with too much admiration. His eyes had tracked Sherlock’s entrance into the room, but they’d strayed back to the blade.
Tonight, however, the restaurant had been cleared, and a single table sat in the middle of the floor, bathed in light. It was all set dressing.
There was an intimate, close feeling in the small room. John turned his head a fraction and realized that Sherlock had closed the door behind him after entering. It made him feel like they were shut away in their own private hideout. He and Sherlock, suspended in time, in a single fragile moment.
The joke is a weak attempt to dispel the tension. It doesn’t work, but Sherlock seems resigned to power through.
“Have you heard from Sherlock lately?” Greg’s voice was carefully measured in the way that always set John’s teeth on edge. He had cultivated a voice just like that. It was the voice he used to deliver bad news to patients and family members. Greg’s voice lacked the calculated nonchalance required to pull it off though. John swallowed.
John knelt at the head of the sofa, so that his face was level with Sherlock’s. The detective had to remind himself to keep breathing. He searched John’s face hoping for an indication of John’s intent.
By the time he caught John up, the doctor was already arguing with Lestrade. The odds did not look good for the DI. John was already a hairsbreadth away from losing his composure. As he got close enough to catch the words, he was surprised to find that John’s indignation was on his behalf.
Mycroft had all but confirmed that Sherlock had met with Moriarty. Given the information Sherlock had shared with John about his past, and the details Mycroft had provided about the psychology of the man, John’s sickening suspicions were beginning to grow. That knowledge combined with Sherlock’s aversion to touch, an aversion John had only ever seen in conjunction with the hypno antidote, set cascading alarms off in his head. He was a doctor after all. As a medical student he’d been through a sexual assault and trauma rotation where he was taught to track signs and spot tells. Sherlock’s current behavior was fairly textbook.
“Fuck this. Yeah, fuck this,” he muttered to himself and stormed out of the room. The door slammed shut behind him, and John wondered how he’d suddenly become a liability.
After shaking out the pins and needles in his legs, Sherlock flopped onto the sofa and curled his knees in so that they were covered by the loose edges of his robe. So, one tile or two? There were rational arguments to be made on both sides. For starters, it began as one solid tile. It can’t possibly now be two, right? How can a tile be greater than the sum of its parts?
John wipes his dirty gloves across his jean-clad thighs. He pulls one of his gloves off and swipes the sweat off his forehead. He leans his face toward the sky, basking in the sun. He had thought he would hate this. Tending the earth had never really sounded like his thing. But he had needed a hobby. He isn't well enough to go back to work and his usual hobby has cut him off completely since he got home from hospital.
John sucks in a deep breath that dissolves in a painful coughing fit. The bronchial spasms force John to hunch over and rasp for breath between wheezing coughs. He clutches his throbbing sides and groans. In his hurry to leave the house, John had left all his medications there. Not that he is sure any of them are safe to use, but he will need an albuterol inhaler at the very least. The bronchospasms had been an unwelcome shock on top of the pneumonia.
He rushes past the flabbergasted couple and sprints down the block. Sherlock is far away before he detours into a park. He rests against a tree, letting his back slide down the trunk until he is sitting with his knees drawn to his chest. Only then, does he let himself cry.
John joins them in the sitting room twenty minutes later. Sherlock looks up with hungry eyes as John enters. He is wearing the deep blue cashmere jumper Sherlock bought him for his birthday.
Mycroft’s hand, which had moved to brush the wet fringe back from his brother’s face, hovered in the empty space between them. With a shake of his head, he withdrew the hand and slipped it into his own pocket, as if he needed to be physically restrained from such motions.
Mrs. Hudson feels happiness fill her heart as John pours tea and adds just the right amount of sugar to Sherlock's cup. The detective accepts it without even looking and sips eagerly between streams of dialogue. The simple trusting domesticity of the flat warms her heart in a way she never thought she'd live to see. They may not be
He tried to keep the question soft, but he was resigned to the current of vulnerability he couldn’t completely banish.
Finally, he put down the butter knife with visible regret and reached a hand out toward the detective.
He flips rapidly back through the pages. It can’t be. That can’t be right. The other pages serve only to confirm what he just read. He looks up at Sherlock and immediately knows.
Sherlock’s cock throbbed, and he couldn’t keep from bucking forward, searching for friction. M knelt up to put his knees on Sherlock’s legs. The position effectively pinned his hips down, but M’s kneecaps dug into the soft meat of his thighs. It burned terribly, and he cried out.
He knew that John deserved an explanation for what had just happened. The soldier would demand details that Sherlock did not want to give. They would only upset him.
“Listen, this is clearly a sensitive topic that you don’t particularly want to discuss. I can respect that, but I do hope that you’ll tell me one day. I trust you to clue me in to what I need to know when I need to know it. As for the rest of it, we’ll just have to figure it out together, alright?”
Not that it mattered. Sherlock didn’t give any credence to such things, but it was nice to know that he needn’t wait around for some faceless spectre to swoop in and steal John away.
He calls down the hall, hoping Sherlock can hear him over the shower. When no answer is forthcoming, he hurries down the corridor and slips the door open a sliver. Which is why he is surprised by a pale arm snaking through the gap and yanking him into the small room. John’s body is pressed nose to toes against Sherlock’s very hard, very naked form. The detective clearly hasn’t stepped into the shower yet, a small mercy for which John is grateful. He doesn’t have the time to change again and make it to work at a reasonable time.
John continues his exaggerated breathing. Sherlock fights to take deep breaths. After a few minutes, his chest rises more regularly and he reaches one hand out to wrap his long fingers around the delicate skin of the inside of John's wrist. It takes a moment for John to realize that Sherlock is taking his pulse. He lets his own breathing and the deep, even beat of his heart steady Sherlock.
“It makes me hungry.” Sherlock admitted guiltily. His voice was so soft, John almost missed it. His tone was apologetic, like he thought John would judge him for the humanity of something as simple as hunger.
As the screen flared to life, the phone began to vibrate and ding. It seemed that John had received several notifications over the course of the morning. He breathed a sigh of relief. The only person that ever really bothered to text him was Sherlock. The berk must have surfaced and realized he’d left John behind. He ignored several email notifications and swiped the green text icon. Line upon line of grey text filled the screen.
Beyond those two occurrences, Sherlock could not predict the likely direction of the evening. The text had been short and to the point. There were no extraneous details to dissect, no indications of intent. It had been a summons, one that Sherlock dared not refuse.
Sherlock’s eyes flash at the insult. He spent years infiltrating Moriarty’s web. Of course, he gained valuable information, but most of it was current. It didn’t stretch back far enough for him to answer the question he most wants to know. When did the arrangement start? Why? Was it a partnership? Was she coerced? Who were they to one another? Employer-employee?
There. Complete truth without giving too much away. Sherlock feels his muscles twitching, ready to run. He swallows the adrenaline and sips his tea, waiting for John. He is unsure how much John will probe, but he knows there will be questions. Hoping to head off the inevitable, Sherlock spits out the first thing that comes to mind.
Sherlock keens with despair, dragging Lestrade from his corner conversation. He looks on helplessly, trying to find anything to distract the detective.
Sherlock’s face crumpled, and he looked lost. “You don’t…you don’t understand,” he pleaded, willing John to understand.
Lisbeth, the nurse, glared at John for dumping a clearly agitated middle-aged pensioner on her. Without so much as a word, John shut himself in his office. He knew he’d been supremely unprofessional, and he usually prided himself on his professionalism. At least when John could be bothered to show up to work, he did. He squeezed his eyes shut and blocked out the gloom of his tiny, dim office. He needed to pull himself together.
“Graham’s team has finally been of some use, John,” Sherlock said. “Their questioning of Monahan led to the discovery of a safehouse where he had stashed the next batch of hypno.” Sherlock gestured to the pills in front of him. “I need to examine the molecular structure. I should be able to identify the supplier’s signature based on how the drug was compiled.”
John checked his watch as he jogged around the corner, The Windsock Arms pub coming into view. He was already thirty minutes late. John could only hope that Greg had been slammed at work and was also running behind.
Sherlock can’t find an answer that makes sense. He shuts his eyes and breathes deeply until he is no longer on the edge of hyperventilating. He presses play.
John frowned. How was he supposed to understand if Sherlock wouldn’t even tell him the basics? “Ok – good. Can you tell me what it’s for?”
No answers were forthcoming, though it seemed clear that Mycroft knew exactly what he was thinking. There was nothing else for it then. John grit his teeth and turned the brass knob.
John gestures at the candles and bath water. Sherlock hesitates momentarily before reaching into his pocket. He leans over and deposits the lighter into John’s hand. John looks disbelievingly at the small object. It’s his lighter. No question about it.
John scoops two bowls and three mugs into the kitchen sink. Nine years on and he still hasn’t got Sherlock on a bloody acceptable feeding schedule, the git. John loves his small, unconventional, ridiculous family. Rosie had been so excited leaving the house this morning. John smiles at the memory…
The short sturdy body of a sour Scotsman lounges in the doorway. Sherlock begins fucking John again, long smooth strokes that have him begging.
“Mycroft, tell me.” Finally, a bit of steel stole into his voice, making the request more of a command. It made John feel more himself, more in control. It had the added benefit of seeming to shock Mycroft into action as well. He finally flipped open the clasp on his briefcase and withdrew a single file. It was an unassuming manila folder that could not contain more than twenty sheets of paper.
“Our lives are dangerous. The nature of the work that we do ensures that we will never be completely safe. That’s a risk I am well aware of and have chosen freely. I made a choice that first night to follow my nutter of a flatmate on a wild goose chase around London. I didn’t do it because it was easy or convenient, and I had no illusions about what I was getting myself into.”
John busies himself fixing their cups while Sherlock surveys the yard. His critical eye sweeps over every last centimeter, and John is sure he's already noticed the garden. He smiles as he hands over the sweetened cup. John leans back in his own chair and stirs milk into his tea.
John goes completely still. Never in a million years did he think this would even be a question. Sherlock has been in Rosie’s life from the beginning and no one cares more deeply for her. Rosie may not be Sherlock’s
“Take me through it, Sherlock. Like a case. Lay out the facts for me, like we’ve done a hundred times before. Alright?”
John’s heart dropped and whatever spell had lain over them in his tiny bedroom that morning was broken. Sherlock drew himself up to his full height, unconsciously running his hand over the button John had undone. He looked on the verge of saying something before he shook his head and turned to the door.
John shudders at the memory of that grotesque grin. He can’t bring himself to make eye contact as he rubs his feet distractedly across the carpet. Sherlock can read the recognition in the resigned slump of John’s body. He knew they would have to talk about this, but he already misses the gentle intimacy of the morning. Soft sunlight illuminating John’s face as Sherlock worked beside him.
“Perfect,” M breathed when Sherlock folded his hands. His eyes glinted with carnal appreciation at the submissive nature of the gesture.
Sherlock savored the feeling of John’s strong arms surrounding him. He knew their time was limited. M was back now, and Sherlock had no leverage to keep him away. John would leave. Sherlock would not survive John leaving. Sherlock clung to one final thought as he slid into oblivion:
John wracked his brain for a new line of questioning, but he couldn’t imagine what in the world Sherlock was trying to tell him. “Is it…Is there someone else?” he asked, already knowing that Sherlock would scoff at the prospect.
“My body was affected by the drug. The rush of hormones stimulated a physical response and the corresponding sexual fugue, but…” his heart stuttered as he remembered what it had felt like to be that person. “My higher thinking remained functional. I was a slave to my body’s drug-induced demand for sex, but I could watch in horror as it happened.”
Sherlock was still skirting the edges of panic he could feel welling up inside himself. The facts had not changed. M was still out there, demanding Sherlock’s presence at what would undoubtedly be a disaster. But the minute John had found him in that dank alleyway, the truth had become clear to him again in a way that left him ashamed at his lapse. Time and again, John continued to show Sherlock that he was not alone. He only hoped that was a dedication John would continue to feel no matter what M planned to initiate.
. He’s the important one in the family, isn’t he? I’ve been done with you for months now, Sherlock, but I couldn’t get close to Mycroft without you. So, John and I needed to stay together. He values your friendship so much, and you would do anything for him. Without him, I would be of no consequence to you, and I needed you invested.”
With a put-upon sigh of resignation, Sherlock grinned. “Needs must, John.” He said before disappearing down the stairs.
“Alex Dumas, 22, was found in an abandoned boat garage yesterday afternoon. Preliminary toxicology shows no obvious cause of death. However, that could be due to the fact that the Yarders have not been able to recover the essential body parts to make such a determination. Anderson and his team are still identifying remains. Apparently, the corpse was rigged to explode should anyone attempt to open the garage. When Lestrade called they were still scrapping hair and skin off the ceiling. Dumas is the presumed victim given that their personal effects were found in the garage, but their identity is still unconfirmed.”
“You love this, John. It’s who you are. I know you’ve been out of sorts since you had to quit the clinic. I know my cases are a great burden on you. Not that you don’t enjoy them, but they take a lot of time and managing me takes a lot of energy. I am not unaware of the sacrifices you have made. I just wanted to give you something back. This is yours. You are sorely needed and you will enjoy being here. The position is supervisory so your hours are flexible, but you have total creative control. You get to build this project from the ground up.”
Expecting a snarky answer and general disgruntlement, Greg is shocked when Sherlock hesitates. The detective opens his mouth to answer, and snaps it shut again. He rubs his palms soothing against his own thighs and looks at his feet.
“But what about cases? Do you not want me to…I know I’m getting older and maybe I’m slowing you down, but I do love them.”
John didn’t hesitate. He threw open the door, barely registered the thump it made as it struck the wall. His eyes searched eagerly for his friend.
Sherlock's heart beats double-time in his chest as John raises his head to gaze searchingly at Sherlock's face. John pushes his chair slightly back from the table and folds his hands in his lap. He licks his lips anxiously as his throat works convulsively over the words he doesn’t want to say.
“Talk soon, Greg.” With a poke of his index finger, John disconnected the call. His mind was already churning up an excuse to get him out of the remainder of his shift. He stuffed patient files into his bag, silently promising himself that he’d fill them out tonight once he’d sorted out the issue with Sherlock. He knew he was about to leave the clinic short-staffed again, and he refused to leave them with a flood of paperwork as well.
Just a few hours ago, when Sherlock had returned from fetching the laptop, John had snuffled into the pillow and rolled over in his sleep to nestle his head on Sherlock's shoulder. The warmth of John's skin on his shoulder was searing, even through his t-shirt and dressing gown. A smile had stretched its way across John's face, and Sherlock's traitorous heart had allowed him to hope. He'd imagined thousands of mornings that start the exact same way. He'd imagined rainy days and sunny days and "I hope to God we don't have a case because I just want to watch your chest rise and fall" days. Every day, every possible future that Sherlock can imagine includes John Watson, however he can have him.
“I don’t keep needles to hand, John. I am a recovering addict, remember?” Sherlock’s voice was harsh, but John suspected that was to keep the broken edge of want out of it more than true anger. His chest heaved for a moment. Then, he remastered control of himself, and he continued, gentler now.  “Wiggins brings the needles every other week. I mix the antidote, and he administers it.”
Apologies for the tardiness. Mrs. Hudson insisted on sending a cake when she found out I was coming to yours for tea. It delayed my departure."
Stephen widens his legs to give John room. Before Sherlock knows what is happening, John is straddling Stephen, knees on either side of his waist, and kissing him hard. Stephen tries to control the kiss but John has him pinned down. He bites Stephen’s lip. Stephen groans into it and thrusts up against John. His hands are pulling John’s shirt from his trousers and caressing the soft, tan skin of his back. The goatee scrapes against John’s cheeks, a confusing signal of pleasure-pain that lights a prickling sensation along his spine.
It frankly terrified him to realize that he had never before stopped to question whether he should. He’d placed his trust in John from the very start. It had been instinctual, like breathing.
John licked his chapped lips nervously. “Greg, hi. It’s John.” He heard Greg suck in a sharp breath. “Yeah. Sorry, mate. I’ve taken an extra shift at the clinic this morning and didn’t have a moment to check my phone until now. You said you had an update for us?”
Sherlock's shoes are specked with clay and dirt and blood. They leave residue on the linoleum. He is wearing a hole into the inside of the left shoe. His big toe has always distended slightly on that side.
John swiped out of the text chain and checked the rest of his notifications. None from Sherlock. His heart sank as he pressed the banner indicating he had several missed calls and a voicemail.
Sherlock just doesn’t know. He relies on John for these kinds of things. John collapses heavily onto the sofa and motions for Sherlock to sit as well.
John clutches the phone to his chest and feels a giggle bubbling up. He laughs aloud, startling a few honeybees that buzz in annoyance and fly away in the sunshine. He pulls himself back to sitting and starts to gather the trowel and rake lying nearby. He sets them back down and types out one last text before slipping the phone back into his pocket and heading inside to have a wash. Sherlock should be here in about forty minutes.
Sherlock is shaking, and he can’t stop. Control. He needs control. He needs to focus and take care of the situation. Mary hasn’t noticed John’s presence yet, but she will if Sherlock doesn’t keep her distracted. He can feel his heart racing and his breathing speeding up, but nothing is working to calm him.
